r III- T. SONS AND FATHERS: by ... HARRY STILLWELL EDWARDS, , Adthor op "Two . Runaways,". 'Mino," ".Sister Todhunteii's Heart, " " I)e Valley an ds shaddkr," "ole ums an swebt- : heart," etc., etc. : ; ;V " . .. All Rights Reserved. \- .Chapter IS.— The Tragedy in The ; " ' - ' Storm. Edward returned to Iloxliurst that evening ". -consciousof a mental uneasiness. Hecouldnot ; ' r - Account for it, oxcopt upon the .hypothesis of . unusual excitement. His mind had simply "'failed to react. And yet to his sensitive nature ' tiiom was something . more. 1Vas it the eon ; vernation with Eidridgo and the sudden dissipa- : tion of his orror concerning Gerald, or did it date to tlio meeting in the club ? There was a . "discord somowlioro. Ho became conscious after : " awhilo that ho had failed , to liarmoniso with . ; his now acquaintances, and that among these . was .Colonol Montjoy. Ho seemed to feel an acha as though a bold wind blew upon his heart. If ho had not made that unfortunate remark about tho negro ? He acquitted himself yery readily, but ho could not' forget that terrible silence. . Ho had heard how tenderly the race question was handled in the south, and something like a proper appreciation of tho situation grew within him when ho considered tho .political equality of tlio two races' and tlio . cagor reaching, out of tho newly enfranchised for social eqtinlity and recognition. "I havo great sympathy, for the negro," ho had said. I "Wliqt lie meant was that, secure in her power and intelligence, her courngo and advancement; . tho'sOuth o'ould safely concede much to tho lower class." That is what: ho felt and belioved, but hb had not said it that way. He would say it to-morrow to Galonol Montjoy and explain. He felt that ho had reached the solution of his'disquiot, because relief followed tho resolu tion." ' ; And then sitting 'in- the little room, which began to' exert a Btrange power over him, he roviowod in, mind the strange history of tho \- people. whose lives had begun to touoh his. ' Tho man downstairs, sleoping oil the effects of the : drug, as he had ascertained, taken to dull and ' o'vorpower a foverisli brain that had all day struggled' with new problems ; what a lifa his was 1 ' Educated beyond the scope of any singlo ' university, Eidridgo had said, and yet a child, Icsb than a ohild j IVliat romance, what his- . tory, what tragedies behind those restless cyeB 1 And sleeping down yonder by the river, in that eternal silence of the city of the dead, tho old lawyer, a mystery living,, a mystory dead 1 What a depth of love must, havo stirred the bosom of the man to epduro in silonco for so many years for the sako of a flokle girl I What forgiveness ! Or was It ' rovongo? This idea flashed upon Edward with the suddenness and strength of an inspiration ! Revenge ! What a revenge 1 And tho woman, was she living or dead? - And if living, wore her eyes to watch him, Edward Morgan, and liis conduct? :.Whero" was tho fntlior, nnd why was the grandfather ignorant or silent ? Then ho turned to his own problem. That 'was an old story. As lio sat dreaming over these things, . bis eyes fell upon the fragmentary manuscripts, and almost idly ho began to read the brief s upon them. V ". ' . .One was inscribed The Storm, and it seemed Who "the bulkiest. . . Opening it, ho .began ito read, falling a victim to the crisp, terse style of the dead author. Before he k'neiv it ha was . interested. Tho chapter read i— . , "Not a zephyr stirred tho oxpeotaqt elms. They lifted their arms against tho starlit sky in shadowy tracory, and motionless ns a forest of \- coral in tho tidcloss llepths of a southern sea. Nature neither sighed nor stAiled; she was silent. If the "streets had not at intervals echoed tho prattle of childish voices, a cliill would liayo struok to the heart, through the Bummer ghost evening that had crept into win- . . ter. ' " The cloud still rose. "-It was a cloud;' indood. -It stretched across . . the woBt, far into north nnd "south; its base lost in the shadow, its uppor lino defined and advanc ing . swiftly, surely, flanlting tho city, and shutting out the sinra with its mighty wings. '" Far down tho west the lightning began to tear tho masB, but still the spell of silenco re mained. A vague terror grow with tho oloud's Boundless advance. Nature is more frightful in her silonoos than in her voices; there is . something in the most furious ; son . thundering upon tho rocks, in tho rushand roar of the moat forceful of tempests, ' . in the lightning when athavoo, that stimulates and onthusos after tho first shook. Men toss arms and shout," and become a part of tho . . tumult. The elomenta within thorn leap to tho mother call. "Not' so with hor silence. All within us seems to -bo drawn into it, and toward tho ' : absoluteness of Bilonoo wliioh is death. But ' when this strange hush is combined with terrifio action, wlion tho vast forces aro bo \- swift as to outrun Bound, then, indeed, seems death armed with weapons of destruction, and tho chill of fear leaps forth. "So on this night enmo tho storm, resistless, silent. In mid- wa tors it was born. lVhcrotho currents of two oceans meet, and tho bcu swims its drift, in otornal circlos, gathered these winds. Thoro they fought and contended, and vexed tho watera in frightful carnival, as the vandals, of old, preparing for oruptive war, mingled their ranks in savago conflict and mad anticipation of coming orgies. " One day tho whirling storm, whitening tho idle sea, swung northward, spread its wings, and rushed to war. Nothing checked it. Buin marked its path I... "So came on the cloud. Now tho city was half surrounded, its walls scaled. Half tho stara wore goho. Some of tho fiying battalions had even rushed paBt I " But tho olms stood, changeless, immovable, asleep ! "Suddenly, one vivid, craokling, tearing, deafening flash of intensoit light split the gloom, and i tho thunder leaped into the city I It awoke then I Every foundation trembled I Evory tree dipped furiously. The winds burst in. IVhat a tumult 1 Thoy. rushed down the parallel streets and alleys, these barbarians ; thoy camo by the intersecting ways! Thoy fought each other frantically for the spoil3 of the city, struggling upward in equal conflict, carrying dust, ana leaves, and debris. Thoy were sucked down by tho hollow squares, thoy wept and mourned, thoy sobbed about doorways, : they sung and cheered among tho chimneys and tho trembling vanes. -They twisted away great trco limbs, nnd hurled them far out into tho epaces which the lightning hollowed in tlio night! 'Thoy drovo ovory inhabitant indoors, and tugged frantically at the city's defences 1 They tore off shutters, andlashodthe housetops : with the poor trees 1 "Peace and the stars were gone! Fury reigned 1 " The foous of the battle was the cathedral ! It was tho citadel 1 Hore were wrath and frenzy and despair ! The winds swept around and upward, with measureless force, and at times seemed 'to lift tho grcnt pile from its foundations. But it was tho lnshin» trees that deceived tho eye ; it stood immovable,- proud, Btrong, while tho evil ones liurlod their maledic tion's and Bcrcamed dofianco at tho very door of God's own heart. "Invainl In afar up niche stood a weather beaten saint— tho warden. " Around him tho storm spent its fury, in impotence. In tho lightning's flare tho face seemed to wear a smile of triumph I . Tho hand of God upheld him and kept the citadel while unseen forccB swung tho great bell to voico his faith and trust amiu the gloom ! Then came the dolnge, huge drop3, bullets almost, in fierconess, shivering each other until tho street lamp3 seemed set in driving fog through which the Bilvored missiles flashed horizontally— alstorm travelling within a storm. " But wlion the tempest weeps, its heart is gone. Hark ! . Tis the voico of the great organ ; how grand, how noble, how triumphant 1 Ono. burst of melody louder tlmn tho rest breakB through the storm and mingles with tho thunder's roar. The daepened tones rise under tho strain and bear it away under the -now chanting winds. The barbarians, as they roll their rankB into other lands, are singing tho Bongs of the Roman defenders they could not ovorwhclm. ' ' "Look! A woman I She has como, whonce God alone may know I . She totters towards tho cathedral ; a step moro and she is safe, but it is never taken ! One othor frightened lifo has sought tho sanctuary. In tuo grasp of tho tempest it has travelled with widespread wings ; a great white sea bird, like a soul astray in the depths of passions. It falls into the eddy, struggles wearily towards tho lights, whirls about tho woman's head and Binks, gasping, dying at her foot. The God pity rises within licr, triumphing over fear and mortal anguish. She stands motionless a moment ; bIio docs not tako the wanderer to hor bosom, she cannot! Tho winds have stripped tho cover from tho burden in her arms ! It iB a child's coffin, pressed against her bosom. Tho moment of safety is gone 1 In tiie next a main tho scorn ing incarnation, the demon of tho storm itself, springs upon her, tears the burden from her and disappears like a Bhadow within a shadow I . " Within the cathedral thoy are celebrating tho.birth of Christ. "Without the elements re peat tho scono when tho veil of the temple was rendod ; celebrating a birth within, tlio birth of a child in a innngor," whilo at tiie cathedral dear, tho stored beating her down; with not even the sholtor of ' a manger, lay a woman in mortal ngony. - "The storm hnd passed. .— The sounds that came to tho oar out of tho night wore from dripping eaves and trickling lain drills. Tho lightning still blazed vividly, but silently now, and at each flash the scene Btoed forth an nuitant as though some mighty artist' was making pictures with magnesium. A tall womau, who had orouohed as ono under the infiuonco of an overpowering terror near tho inner door, now crept to the outor, boneath tho arch, and looked fearfully about. She went down tho fow stops to tlio pavement. Suddonly in tho transient light a face looked up into hors, from hor foot ; a face that seemed not human. Tlio features wore convulsed, tho oyos sot. With a low or y the woman slipped Iter nrms undor tho figure on tho pavement, lifted it as though it wore that of a child, and disappeared in the night. Tho faoo that had looked up was as white as tho lily at noon ; the faoo bent in jilty abovo it was dark as the leaves of that lily scattered upon the sod." Edward read this nnd Bmilod, as he laid it aside, and continued with tho other papers. Thoy wore brief sketches and memoranda of chapters ; sometimes a single scntcnco upon a page, just as his friend, Do Maupassant, used to jot thorn down one memorable summer when thoy had lingered togothcr along tho Riviera, but thoy had no connection with "Tho Storm," and the characters therein suggested. If thoy belongcd to'tho same narrative the connections wore gone. Wearied at Inst, he took up his violin and began to play. It is said that improviaers can not but run back to tho musio thoy have written. Calvary was his masterpiece, and soon ho found liimBclf lost in its harmonics. Tlion by oasy stop3 there rose in memory, ns ho played, tho etorm and Gerald's sketch. IIo paused abruptly, dud sat with bis bow idle upon tho strings, for in his mind a link had formed betweou that sketch and the chapter lio had i'ust read. Ho had felt tho story was true when io rend it. . The lawyor lmd said John Morgan wroto from life. Hero was tho first act of a drama in the lifo of a child, and tho last per haps in tho lifo of a woman. And that child under the influence of musio had felt tho storm scene flash upon his moinory, and had drawn it. The child was Gerald Mor gan. Edward laid aside tho violin for a momont, and, sllonced by tlio rush of thoughts that camo wjth this realisation, wont into tho front room, throw open tlio shutters and loosened his cravat. Something socmod to preas upon his throat, to suffqeato him, as ho struggled against tlio ad mission of this irresistible conclusion. But in vain did his mind sook escape. . Overwhelmed with" tho significance of tho discovery, lie exoluimcd aloud : "It was an . inherited memory." - . But if tho boy had been born ill the cir- eumutanccs set forth in tho skotch, who was the man, and why should ho have assaulted the woman who bore the child's coffin ? And what was alio doing abroad in such circumstances r The man and the woman's object were bullion perhaps for over. But not so the woman ; the artist had given her features, and as for the othor woman, tho author had said she was dark. How curiously the testimony fitted in I There was in Gerald's mind picture no dark woman ; only tlio girl with tlio coffin, tho arch above, and tho faint outlines of bending trees I Chapter X. — " God tity me ! God rrrr me 1" Edward'" was sitting thus lo3t in tlio contem plation of tho circumstances surrounding him, when by that subtle senso as yet not analysed ho felt the presence of another porBon in tlio room, and looked ovor his shoulder. Gerald was advancing toward him smiling mysteriously. Edward noticed his burning eyes and saw in tense mental exoitomont gleaming beyond. The man's mood was different from any ho had bo- 'forc revealed. - ..it " So you have been out among the friends of your family," lie said with liiB queer smile. "How did you like them?" Edward was dis tinctly offended by tho supercilious mnnnor and impertinent question, but ho remembered his ward's condition, and tho resentment passed from liiin. " Pleasant people,. Gerald, bufc.I am not gifted with,' the faculty of making friends easily. How como on your experiments?" — Tlio visitor's expression changed. Ho looked about him guardedly.. "Thoy. advance, .ho replied, in a whisper j "thoy advance i; AYlintovcr his motive for entering that room — a room unfamiliar to him, for his restless oyes had searched it over -and over in' the few minutos he had been in it— was forgotten in tlio" enthusiasm of tho scientist. " I liavo mapped out a course/ and ani working toward it, lio said j and' then presently : " You remember that pictures., can now bo transmitted by electricity across .great. Btrotohoa of Bpaco, and "Unshod upon a' disc ? So goes tho scene from tlio convex surfneo of the oyo along tho thread- like nerve, so flashes tlio picture in tlio brain. But somcwliore there it remains. How to prove it, to provo it, that is tho question ! Ob, for a brain, a brain to dissect." Ho glnrod at Edward, who Bhudderod under tlie wlldncss of .the eyes bent upon him. "Buttimo eitough for that. : I must ,fir3t ascertain if a picture can bo imprinted upon any living suustanoo by light, and remain. This I can do in another way. ; "How?" Edward was fascinated. " It is a great idea. "Tho fish's oyo will not do ; it. is itaelfa camera, and the protecting film isimprossion proof.. It laoks tho gelatine sur- faco, but over some fish is- "spread the real gelatine; tho isinglass itself— in fact, the vory stuff thnt ' sonsitivo plates rely upon. That gelatine is sensitive in its original state. In our hike is a great bass, one of the salmonoides, that swiriis deep. I have caught them, weighing 10 and 12 pounds. They are pale, .-greenish' white until exposed to the light, when thoy darkon. If tlio combined action of tlio light and air did not actually destroy this golatiho they would turn black. Tlio hack, wldcl: daily reccives-tho downward ray direct, iB, as lire tho backs of most fishes, dark ; it is a spoiled plate. But not so tho sides. It is upon this fish I am preparing to mako pictures." " But how ?" Gerald Bmilcd and shook his hend, while his eyes half eloBed'in a peculiarly cunning expression. " Wait. It is toe important to talk about in advance.'1 Edward regarded him long and thoughtfully, and -felt rising within him a great sympathy. It was pitiful that such a mind should die ui tho omlirnco of a mere drug, dragged dowii to destruction by a habit. "Beyond the scope of any single university," but not boyond tlio slavery of a weed. "I havo bocn thinking, Gerald," he -said finally, fix fug a steady gaze upon the restless eyes' of his visitor, " that the day is near at hand when you "must bring to your roscuo tho power of a great will. There is a serious issue about to bo forced upon you." Gerald listoned, grew ; pole, and remained silent. Presently, with a pnthctie effort to be courageous, ho turned to'tho speaker. ' "You know, "then. Toll'inp what to "do." " You most ceaso the use of morphine and opium." Gerald drew a deep . breath and smiled good nnturedly. i " Oh, that, is it,"iho said ; "someone. lias told You that I am a victim of morpliino niid opiutn. Well, what would you think if I should toll you ho is simply mistaken?" His faoo was frank and unclouded.; Edward gazed upoii'him, incredulous. After a moment's pause, during wliioh Gerald enjoyed his astonish-, inont, lie continued " I was onco a victim ; there is no doubt of that, hut now I am cured. It was a frightful strugglo. A man who lias not experienced it or witnossod it can form no conception of what .it means to break away from habitual .use of opium. Some day you may need it, and my' experience will help you. . I began by cutting my customary allowance for a day in half, anu day after day, week after week, I kept on out. ting it in haft until the time came wlion I . could- not divide it with a razor. Would you believe it, tlio habit was ns strong in the ond as in. the beginning? I lay nwnxo.nnd. thought of that litljlo speok by tlio hours; I tos3cd and cried mynclf to. Bleep over it ! I slopt nnd wept myself awake. I might as well have made the final struggle.tho first struggle; thoro was no relief I Tlio only romody for this and all linbitj is a mental victory. Tlio upper brain must com quer the lower ; tho intclleot must master tho animal. I made the fight— I won ! "I can never forgot that day," nnd he Bmllc'd as lie said it ; " tlio day I fouud it impossible.ta divido.tlio speck of opium ;.u breath would have blown it away, hut I would havo murdorcd tho man who breathed upon it. I swallowed it; tho touch of thnt atom iB yet upon my touguo ; I swallowed it and slopt like a oliUd ; and tlion camo tho waking ? For days I was a mnniao— but it passed. "I grow into n new lifo— a beautiful, pa co. ful world. It hnd been around mo all tho time, hut I had forgotten how it looked; a blissful world ? ; I was cured. " Ycara have passed ninco thnt day, and no taste of the hateful drug lias over boon upon my tongue. Not for all tho gold in tho uuiverso, not for nny secrets of science, nor for a look into tlio face of niy mother," ho cried, lioarsoly, riiiug to liis feet ; " uot for a smile from heaven would I lay hands upon that flond ngain i" He olosed abruptly, his lmuil trembling, tlio perspiration beating his brow. His eyes foil, and tho woman Rita stood before them ; n look of ineffable isadnoss niul tenderness upon her face. "Will you retire now, -Master Gerald?" she said gently. "Without a word lie .turned nnd left tlio room. She was about to follow, when Edward, oxeitod and touched by the socno ha had witnessed, anil, full of -Lis discoveries, stopped her with ail imperious geiituio. lio had risen, a sudden determination ani mating him. For a -moment lie paced the room,' Rita was motioiiloss, awaiting with evi- dent nervousness his pleasure. Ha camo and stood boforo her, nnd, looking hor steadily in tho faco, Bait!, abruptly :— , , "Woman, whnt ls the name of that young mail, and what is' mine?" ' ' Slio drew back quickly aud hcr lip3 parted iu ftgftij). . '' "My God I" he heard hor whisper. ftm "I demand an answot 1 1 You c&rry; tlio aocret of ono of ua, probably both." Inch 13 tho son of ilarion Evnii?' : V . . ,1\ r Sic sunk upon hor lmcca and hid her face in 'It'wasall true, then. Edyvard felt although ho himself .Would sink' dowii hesido- hor if tho silenco continued; ' " " : ' "Say it, 'dhoBnid, hoarsely;- Vsnyitl , . "As God Is my. judge," ' she; answered, fnintly, "I do not know.' ; "Onois?" -kji.- A- 1 ' "One is I" I-. ' , ' "'And'tlio other— whoso is ho ? -." . - " Mine." Tho uiiswor iv/is like a. whisper from the pinos wafted in through " the opon window. It was loud enough. Edward caught tho'clinir for support. The world reeled about him". Hesuffocated. With" liis. free hand no tore tho collnr of his shirt from its fastenings and cast it from him. And then his eye in pitiful appeal wandered from the woman to tuo tittle picture on tho mantel and back. .Rita still knelt with covered bond, hut her trembling form betrayed tho prcsonce of - the long" restrained emotions. .. He walked unsteadily to the mantel, anil, "drawing tlio cotor from the littlo picture, wont to tho mirror and placciV it again - by . his face,. At . loiigth lie said- in despair "God pity me I God pity me !' . . ,, Tho' ivoman arose then and , took the picture and gazed long anil earnestly upon it. A boIi burst froui '.her, lips. ' Lifting it '.again "to., the. lcvol of tlio man's face,'iio ivn telling- hor. with a fascination hb could not resist, she looked from "one to tho other. . "Enoiigh?" lie said, reading it aright. " ' Despair had settled ovor his own face. . She handed back the littlo likeness, and, clasping her hands, stood hi simplo dignity awaiting his. "will. Ho noticed then, as ho studied hor counteiiahob closely, the " linos "of suffering there ; tho ' infnllibio record that Boino" - faces carry, which, whether it stands for remorse, for patience," for pare, unbroken sorrow," is always a consecration." ' . '- : "Master, it must'-liavo . como ' some ' time, she said at lougth, "but I havo hoped .it would not be through mo ; hut it was to be, and now the sooner it is over tho hotter." Hor .voice' was just audiblo. " ' "Bp ceated," said. Morgan, proudly and firmly." "If your Btqry is truo, mid it may he so, .you should not ; stand." - Ho turned; away from her nnd walked to- tiio window, and waited there, but rebelled by the remombrnnco of hor Buffering ho looked again ; sho was standing ns ho left her, seeking for an opening to bogin hor story. Ho was suffering and impatient ; ho began for hor; — "Youorouehed in a church to avoid tho storm ; - n woman seeking 'shelter there appeared just outside. She was attacked by a man and fell to the ground unconscious ; you "carried hor oil in your linns ; her child was horn soon after, nnd what then ?" -'' j Amazed, she stared at him -a moment in silonco. "And mino was horn I ,The fright, the' horror, the sickness ! . It was a terrible dream ; a terrible dream 1 But a month afterwards I was hero alone, with two babies at my breast, and the'mother of ono was gone. God help me, and help her ! But in that time Master John says I lest tho memory of my owiiehilil ! Mastor Gerald I claimed, but liis face was tho face of Mis3 Marion, and lie was white mid ' delicate like her. And you, sir, were dark. 'Anil then I have never boon ti Blnvo ; John Morgan's father gave mo my liberty when I was horn. I livel with him until my marriage, then after' my husband's death, which - was. just before this storm, they brought mo hore, and I -waited. She jicver camo back. Matter Gerald was sickly always, . anil wo kopt liim, but thoy sent you away. " Master John thought' it was best. And the years liavo passoil quickly." : " " And Gori; Evan— did ho liever know ?" - " No, sir ;; I would not lot them' tako Master Gerald, bocauso I' belibvcil he was my child ; anil Mastor John, I suppose, would not. believe in you."' Tho families aro proud. "We let things rest as 'tlioy wire, 'thinking Miss Marion would come back some day. Bat sho will not como' now; sli'e'will'uotcomo." " ' The misorhblo'socrot was oiit. ' -Altera long "silence, Edward lifted his head anil": said with deep emotion Then, in your opinion", I dm your son ?" She looked at him sadlyand shook iter head. ...v.:-' >" vi;-..' ! " 'And in tho-rpinicn of John. Morgan,' Gerald ihtlio'son of Marioh'Kvan ?"',;Slie liowed.' ' .e: ' " Wo'havo let'.it stand that; way." But ybu should nover Uavo known 1 I do hot think you wore ovor to havc known." Tho painful silence that followed was broken by his qucstiin ' " Gerald's real name ?" .. . :-t - -, ,".I do not know ! , I do not know ! ' Ail-that I "do know I have told you 1 " "And the' child's coffin?" - She pressed her hand to lior forehead. . "It was a dream ; I do not know !" He gazed upon hor with profound emotion nnd pity. f > " ! "You must ho t'riil," ho said, gently. " Think ho moro of these troubles to-night." . She turned and went away. Ho followed -to the head of the stairs, and waito'd until ho heard her step in tho hall below. . " Giod-niglit," ho had said, gravely.- And from tlio shadowy depths below came .hack a faint, mournful echo of tho word. .. Wlion Edward returnod to tho room ho sat by the window and buried Ills face iinim his arm. Hour after hour passed ; the outer world slept. Had ho been of tho Boutb, reared there and a sharer in its trad.tions, the ocorot- would havo died with him tiiat niglit, nnd its passing would have been signalled by a Binglo pistol shot. But lie was not of the south, in cxpericnco, associa tion, or education. It was in the hmdi of midnight that ho rose irom his seat, took the picture, and descended the steps. The wing room wa3 never looked ; he entered. Through the drawn curtaiiiH -of tlio glass room ho saw tlio form of Gerald lying in the moonlight upon his narrow bed. l'lucing tho picture licsido the still, whito faco of tlio sleeper, ha was shocked by the likeness. One glance was enough. He went back to his window again. Ono, two, three, four o'clock from the distant church stooplc. IIow tho solemn numbers havo tolled abovo tlio sorrow folds of tho human heart, lind echoed in the dcwless valleys of tho mind, tho depths to which wo sink when hope is gone ! But with tho dawn what slmdowB fleo ! So came tlio dawn at last ; tiie pale, tre mulous glimmer on the oastcrn hills, tho wliito light, tho rosy flush, anil tlion in tho splendor of fading mists tlio giant sun rolled up tho sky. Where now the shadows? Oil, glorious huh, we are the children of your vibrations. All our liopos, our- fairest 'pleasures, our real life, nro born undor tlio inlinito quiverings of your infi. nito rays. Not ntrango is it that witli you coming tlieso nnd tho llowois of the mind, its joyB anil tho strength A tho heart, anil the roseato Bkies, shall live again— and tlio dull ghosts of the gloom fade back into their caverns 1 - A man stood pale and weary' before the opou window at Iloxhurst. " Tlio odds nr« . : me,"_ lie Bafd, grimly, " but I feel , 5' within mo stronger titan evidence. I will SV it against tho "word of this woman " tEll ' ovory eiroiiinstuuce strengthened tl.nf ' v The.voioc of the Caucasia, 1, TotheEf. Ethiopia, speaks within mo ! The woman a - not beiievo horself ; tlio mother's iustiimt boon baffled, but not destroyed !" Ct h" .And yet that fatal likeness-end the fat,t absoiico of UkoncBs ! w And vet again, the patrician bearing, 'a,, nristocrat! Such was Gerald. bl 00 .< 3 bI'?m iT'," "Rid. between his teeth. Wait until Virdow comes 1 Nevertheless, when, not having slept i,. arose .lato in the day, ho was almost ovor! wliclmed witli the memory of the revelali. ' made to him, and'the effect it muat have upon h,B future. 1 " "Altliougli tho horror of mixed blood is not so " nouto in ether, sections as in tbo southern Stat of Amorioi, it affected Edward boyond descrin -tion. His mind, lmd always boon turned to tlio latter section as his trite home, anil uncon sciously ho lind through history nnd tho I'rm imbibed much' of its pride of race, its m». judicoa, and ' sentiment. Ho kuew, too, the full (clfcct of tho revelation. If it should boc'oiho known, and its truth proved, it would mnlcofhim a waridoror 'upon tho fnos of the earth. Would that bo a now sorrow? Ho did ' not know ! And yet he did know ! At that moinont thoro came into his mind the face of Mary.' . . . . (to re continued.) 