,NEWS FPOM ALL SOURCES. The Chinese National Anthem is so long that people take half a day to listen to it. I The election of President of the Unt I ted States will take place on 3rd Novem ber next. L The total membership of the Boys' Brl I gade, for the United Kingdom Is 35,000 SIlads, with 2800 officers. The library of the late zoologist, Karl Vogt, of Geneva, has been bought by the 5 Senkenburg Museum, in Frankfort, for r 35,000 marks. Iowa, :talmot from thle date of Its ad mission, has been called the "llawkeye State." Ilawkeye was the name of a noted Indian chief. The fern is indicative of fascination. SIn Saxony the present by a lover to his sweetheart of a handful of ferns is equivalent to a proposal. Strange noises on a lightship ait New lHaven, Connecticut, started the rumor that there was a ghost aboard the vessel, and the crew have deserted. t Kentucky Is said to have been the first State In the Union to grant school surf ragee to w-ren in 1845. Kansas followed e .1 fresh Inscription has just been dis ca evered at Delphi, giving circulnstau S ll detaiis concerning the method of a laminilg the variousconlpetitors at the \- ancient Olympic games. 'The Duke of Orleans, head of the 1 House of Bourbon, and, therefore, Pro P tender to tile Throne of France, has t been betrothed to a daughter of the 5 Archduke Joseph of Austria. New York "Tribune" says that a pro sposed Arbitration Treaty between Great Britain and the UnitedStates will within a few days be submitted to Congress. SWe hope the statement will turi out to t e true. The vital principle is strongest in the common tortoise. One of these anlmals has lived for six months after the re moval of t1s brain, and the severed head lhas shown silus of life three days after being cut off. 'fThee are doors in some old houses in t Holland which were in former ldays t never used except for weddings and funerals. After the bride and groom had passed, the door was nailed up to Sawalt the next occasion. The editor of the "Tribune," the lead. I uing Rlepublican organ, is relport ed as saying, after a three hours' talk with Mr M'Kinley, "Neither silver nor gold is the main issue; the battle will ie fought on the tariff." The reason given that birds do not fall off their perch is because they can not open the foot when tihe leg is bent. Look at a hen walking, and you will see it close its toes as it raises the foot, and open them as it touches the ground. Potatoes seem to have originated in Peru. For a long timle this now univer sal vegetable was a delicacy enjoyed only by the wealthy. Even at the be ginning of tile seventeenth century noblemlen paid 2s a pound for potatoes, and seasoned them with sherry. The Great Seal of England is a silver pair of dies, which are closed to receive the melted nmss, poured, when an im pression is to be taken, through an ori fice left In the top. The impression of the seal is-Six Inches in diameter and three-quarters of an Inch thick. -Te mosetexpensive trousseau on re "cord is that of the lanto Empreea of China, whose marriage took place a few years ago. Tile trousseau cost over a million pounds, one-third of the money coming from the Imperial reve. nue. the rest from tile Empire. There are in England from 50,000 to 00,000 barnalds. Over 1,000 In T.ondon are danughters of gentlemen-100 have fathers, brothers, or uncles in the Clhurch, 200 are daughters of army officers. 200 daughters of physicians and surgeons, 300 daughters of navy officers. Instructions have just been received from thlle Japanese Government which will have the effect, almost at once, of placing in the landgsof English manu fachlrers and shipbuilders a further large quantity of work. The sum to be expended, it is said, will not be less than experiments with torpedo boats built of alumliuna or of an alloy of another metal and aluminium. The hulls are of weak sheet-iron. If tihe experiments sccceed, it is very likely that larger French war vessels also will be built of the materials in question. Agricultural Rating Bill, alias the Landlords' Relief Bill, which caused such excited scenes in the IIouse of Commons, has had an apparently quick and easy passage through the House of Lords. This is the first Important men sure for which the present Government has succeeded in obtaining the endorse ment of Parliament. The vital statistics of Barbadoes re veal alarming facts that while the death-rate in the island has for many years been steadily advancing, the population has been intrcasing at the unusually rapid rate of nearly 10 pqr cent. per annum. In the decade 1801 70 the death-rate was no higher than 21.45-a stateof things comparing favor ably with many English towns not ae counted unhealthy; but in the year 1894 it attained to 34.30. In Prussia the light railways, or "Kleinblthnen," number :17, with a total mileage of about 4S0 miles. Of these the German Government says' "In general the light railways appear to be well adapted to the developmlent and improvement of agriculture and forestry and their accessories, particu larly to opening up new mloarkets and facilitatiung the carriage to and fro of manure and raw produce over a con siderable area of conutry." The stolT is being constantly told in Pussia of the answer given to the Em peror when his Majesty proposed to his future wife. "The Emlleror, mly father, has commanded me to make yoil the offer of my hIand and heart," was the Czarewitch's quaint way of putting it. "And my grandmother, the Queen/' re plied ite aIndy, "hns commanded me to accept the offer of your hand; your heart I will take myself." It is said, and on good authority, that the Emperor is passionately devoted to his wife, and that she is equally fond of him. Certanlhy (says a lady's paper) she is ato0man calculated to marke any amIable mtnd happy. Here is a glrim story from the "Daily Telegraph's" Paris letter:-A month since three men met by chance In a cafe on the Avenue-de Versailles, and had a game of cards. One of them was a journalist,who had been an unsuccessful candidate at the municipal elections in the district; another was a Government official; and the third was a commission agent, tolerably well known in the neighborhood. The Government man was the winner of nearly every game, and as the trio stood up to separatd the lucky player was addressed as follows by the commission agent: "I am glad to know you, and I hope that we shall meet again." The utterer of this sen tence was Aubert (who is charged with the trunk murder) and the person whom he was so anxious to see again was S. Delbler, the executioner, who lives not far from the Avenue de Versailles. Durand, the hanging man of Paris, has been cut down after thirteen days on his mock gibbet The "Telegraph" correspondent says that when released Durand rested for some time, and Im bibed with great relish a few drops of the special elixir which ihe carries about withl him. The rope was cut, and the bits were distributed among some of the frequenters of the music hall whereln the imitation gallows was erected. Durand had thirty-seven hours out of the thalter during the thlrteen daysand he says that he mr .aged to get a little sleep while darf.fig fromn the beam. IIe next intenC1 to have himself buried for a certair period, but proposes be forehand to visit his wife and children, who are in his native Marsellles eager ly awaitlng his arrval and his "hanging pay." ... ... .._ 