CHURCH COLUMN. [Edited by Bey J. Kickaed.] How tbe member, of the Presbyterian Church regard tbe claims set f.irtli by ?uch writers sad thinkers as Canon Potter and others of the Anglican school -.f the Chnrch of England may be gathered from the following extract taken from the bo nonnt in the Christian World for Jane 26th, of the Pan- Presbyterian council, now sitting in Glasgow : — ?NOT GODS STEP-CHILDREN.1 The topic for discussion durine the dav was ?* The Church of God,' various speakers deal ing with various aspects of the subject. Dr Waters, New Tersey, touched upon 'The Reformed Vi-w ' of ihe Church's nature and purpose ; Professor Henri feois ofMontauban, upon 'The Kpman Catholic View'; atd Principal Dykes, of London, discussed ?? The Anglicm Church View.' He declared that the experience of three centuries and a half all over Lutherian and Reformed - hrittendom, as well as on every Evangelical mi-aon-field in heathendom, was an experiment, long enough continued, on a largs enough scale, under somtienlly varied conditions, to test the theory which confined the streams that made glad the city of God to Episcopal!}- gorrmed branches «f the Church. No ; t»e rest of ihc Christian family were not our Father s step children, on whom He drops Hii unpromised, unguaranteed favours cn'.y after a grudging fashion,and in attentuated measure God for give 'hem for pitting one seo'ion of his family against another. 'But it a comparison be chal lenged let the balance be fairly struck. Had Lu'herian divines done less than Anjlicin for modem theology, or Hogumot France con tributed fewer heroes to tbe noble army of maityrs than Anglican England, or Presby terian Sc ituuid Tired e peasantry lea God fearine than her Episcopal sister ? Were the missions cf Baptist, or Weseyan, or Cingre gaticnjJisU barren spots on the foreign held ? One was ashamed to a*k cueh qnettiens. Their brethren had compelled ihnn. Loyalty to common ficts and common sense forbade them to accept it as »or Lord's will that trans misiicn of tbe Holy Ghost through the laying en ot a bishop't hands is a fundamental law of of the Church's life. 