Hulk No. 49. AN UNSOLVED SEA MYSTERY. (All Rights Reserved.) By John Arthur Barry, Author of "Steve Brown's Bunyip," and "In the Great Deep." THERE was a big crowd of officers and men "looking for a ship" one damp, foggy morning at the old Tower Hill office in London. A barque for the Cape, two or three steamers, and a four-maßter for Cal cutta filled up before I could get a show at all. At last "A second mate and eight A.B.s for the West Indies !" was sung out Lots of seamen still hung about, but not a man except myself stirred. " Now then !" shouted the doorkeeper again, " here y'are ! Who's for the Cum berland—three pound a month, and a six month* trip,.all in the warm weather ?" " Not me," replied a big, gray-bearded, mahogany-faced seaman, drawing back. " I likes a light in my fok'sle, I does. An' I ain't takin' any stock in stinkin' ghoßtes wot can't leave a poor shellback alone in his watch below !" This much I heard as, passing in, I found myself in the presence of the cap tain of the Cumberland and the shipping master. "What's the matter with the men, Mr. Jackson ?"• the former was saying. " They simply rushed the other Teasels, and now they won't look at mine." " Oh," replied the other, " I expect some of them have got hold of the old story «b©ut the barque. I remember one* or twice, years ago, the same thing happening. I should have thought, though, that by now the thing had died out. Probably one of the men outside has sailed In her and told his mates the yarn. It's said that to keep a lamp alight in her fokWs an Im possibility—that—er—to fact, a ghost comes and blows it out" And old jack son grinned and looked rather sheepishly at us. . " What rubbish !" exclaimed the captain —a pleasant-faced man of about 80—laugh ing heartily; "And I'm to lose my ship.be cause a pack of idiots have got some old woman's story into their thick heads ! Why, the Cumberland's been laid up for years, and has, they tell me, only Just come out of dock after a good overhauling, as sweet and fresh and clean as a new pin." " That's so," replied Jackson ; " and the very reason she lay Idle for so long is the one that stops the men signing in her now. Before your present firm bought her and altered her name she was known as the Carlisle, and was-in the same trade as she's going to run in at present" " The deuce !" exclaimed the skipper.. '■' I've heard of her. But, Mr. Jackiea, If the devil himself comes and blows the fok'sle. lamp out every night, I'm going to sail- her if I can get a crowd. And, at any rate, (turning to me), here's one to start wtth." My business was soon finished ; only, finding that.) I held a master's certificate, Captain Hebden offered me the position of chief in place of second mate, the man who was to fill the former billet having un expectedly resigned at the last minute through his wife's illness. I liked this well, and signed without a question. In deed, neither for Jack nor his masters were these the days for hesitation. Besides, I took to the frank, good-humoured face of my new skipper, seeing no sign therein of what fate had in store for him. " Would you mind having a word with the men, Mr. Forties ?" he asked me pre sently, " and trying to reason with them a bit. Fancy an old ghost story like that getting hold of Jack at this time o' day to the extent of making him refuse a good trip and a comfortable ship when both are such scarce matters." . So out I went into the dirty waiting-room, foul with tobacco, and thick with the rank smoke of the weed. " Now, my. lads," I commenced, .without any preamble, and knowing 'my marks, " what's all this nonsense"? Because some fools, a dossn years ago, hadn't enough sense to keep a lamp, alight, are you going to lose money, and let the old woman and the kids go hungry•? Come, now, I've signed as mate of the Cumberland ; aren't there ten bullies, not afraid of their own shadows, that'll keep me company. I'll help you to trim your lamp, if you want help. I came in through the hawse-pipes, not through the cabin door, and haven't for gotten how to cut a wick yet, as well-as turn in a deadeye, if need be." At this there was a laugh ; and I think if it had not been for the big fellow I have mentioned before I should have got my men at once, for I saw several pocket their pipes and shake themselves, preparatory to mak ing a move. But the gray-headed sailor, stepping forward, and chewing viciously on his quid, said, quietly enough, " I'm one o' them fools, mister, as you're speakin' on. I sailed in the old tub ten years ago, when Hellflre Jack Brown was skipper on her. There was a curse put on her them days— not the trip I was aboard. P'raps it's off now. Any way, I ain't goin' to make one to find out. Mind ye, I'm not sayln' any thin' agen the barque, mates. Mebbe her 'd be better to han'le if she had double tawps'ls 'stead o' they big whole uns. But she's tight an' dry, or was in them days, an' no doubt she's right enough still. It was the bloom In' ghost as knocked us—none o' yer half an' half happaritions, but a gennywlne forty-power stinkin' speciment. He came inter the eyes of her, in the shape of a blasted fug-bank, and doused the glim every time we lit it An' cold—lor ! you could 'ear our teeth a-rattlin*. An' stinkin' worser'n tanyard and bilge water mixed ! Well, o' course we clears like redshanks ; an' Hellfire trying to bounce us as we'd seen nothin' ! But it warn't good enough. Then the old man hisself, down he goes. An' when he comeß up agen he looks more'n sick, altho' he never lets on a word. Nor he didn't, cuss an' haze us, as he used to do, any more. An' he doesn't hobjeck when we rigs a fores'l over the after hatch and camps there durin' the rest of the passldge. We wants our discharges at Kingston ; he wouldn't give 'em to us. So we takes chokee instead, an' glad to git it. An' the ship goes round to Savannah la Mar ; there the new crew clears ; and there, never bavin' sot over the chill he catched in the fok'Ble, Hellflre dies. It was four months afore a crew could be got to take the barque home ; an' when she come into dock they was camped same as we'd been—on the after hatoh. Wages out o' the port o' Lon don is three pun' a month. An' if 'twere thirty pun, mates, Joe Harris (that's me) 'd think twice afore he shipped on that there Cumberland, haliaß Carlisle. Nor " Come, come, my lad," I broke in im patiently, " belay all that Tour slack jaw's as long as the main-t'gallant halliards. One would ha' thought you'd had time to -outgrow your fright since all that hap pened. I don't want any croakers in my watch. But I dare Bay some of these other hearties '11 come and help me keep the barque'r fok'sle lamp alight Why, haug me if It wouldn't make a man believe he's put back a hundred years to hear the way you talk ! Now, -then, you tarpaulins, I'll give you five minutes to come along and sign. T don't banker after Dagoes or Las cars or Dutchmen ; but the Cumberland's got to have her ■ crowd ; and, you know, I can g6t her one in five minutes over at Oreen's Home." And, so saying, I went, into the next room. "You talked to 'em like a father, sir," remarked the old shipping-master ap provingly. "We've heard It,all through the side window here. If ? that kind of jaw don't fetch 'em, nothing'will. And here they come!" Sure enough, a dosen or so of my late audience came shuffling In, grinning and nudging each other, and cracking dim jokes in husky undertones. They were, too, I was glad to see, all British. For, invete rate growler as he is, and iisubordinate at times, and apt-to give morV trouble all round than the subservient* "Dutchman," or the sneaking Dago, I confess to a strong preference for the British sailor-man, with all his faults. Blood's thicker than water, for one thing ; and you know that when you've got a crowd of English speakers you've got something that'll stick to you and to your ship through thick and thin, and not crawl below out of the hurly burly, or holystone the decks with their knees and call upon Saint Antonio to do their work for *em. We got all we wanted out of the mob, in cluding one to act as second mate and boatswain. And, business over, old Jack son came and had come lunch with us. During the course of the meal we got him to tell us what he knew regarding the legend of the lamp, which, after all, didn't amount to very much. "One trip," said he, "the Carlisle had a real bad crowd. But amongst them was a half-witted sort of chap that old Brown had picked up to act as 'Jimmy Ducks' and slush about generally Just, for his tucker. Well, one night he neglected to trim the fok'sle lamp, and a couple or perhaps more of the brutes —regular packet-rats they were —kicked and pound* d him, so that he pre sently died. They got scared then; and, giving out that he was HI, they kept 'he tody for three or four days tn one of the bunks. Then they hove It overboard, and swore the poor wretch had committed su|etde. Well, that very night the lamp went out. Nor, despite all attempts—and, between oursolve*. I don't think they made many—could ever a lamp be got to burn in that fok'sle again. I remember one of the crew telling me that a single experience of the cold and stench combined when the apparition appeared was quite enough for any average man. Indeed, crowd after crowd either ran away 6r went to gaol sooner than sail In her; and what with de lays and court work, the vessel used to eat her freights. So they laid her up for sale. But; until your owners bought her, no one would Icok at such a losing concern as a haunted ship. Why, it's over five years now since she first,took up her quarters in 'Rotten-row.' " • "Well," said Captain Hebden as we rose from table to go aboard the barque, "surely the curse is run out'by this, and the spectre laid;" 1 suppose, • Jackson, you never put any faith in such a cock and bull story, anyhow?" But the ancient mariner scratched his bald pate doubtfully as he replied: \--"Well, I don't know, captain. I've seen some curious things at sea In my time. However, you'll be able to give me your opinion on the matter when we meet again. And I hope you won't come up the river, as I've seen the barque do afore now, with a spare main's! rigged across a lower stu'nsl bobm over the after-hatch to serve instead of a fok'sle." "Not much danger!" laughed Captain Hebden gaily. "If I can't follow my profes sion without being molested by nasty, freezing, evil-smelling ghosts—why, I may as well give it up. No, Jackson, I've got too many barnacles on my hide to be scared by anything In that line." "So old Hellflre thought," retorted the other with a boding shake of the head; "but they say it killed him." But the captain only laughed again, and, bidding the shipping-master good-bye, we made for the docks. We fcund the Cumberland (the first fight of her fcr both of us) a sound, wholesome looking barque, strongly built after ihe fashion of twenty years back; square In the stern, and bluff In the bows; no double raids, donkey engines, patent capstans, or other modern fallals about her; but still a homely, comfortable seeming kind of crea ture of a ship, such as builders don't turn out of hand in those days of iron, steam, and Bteel. The stevedores were stowing the last of the cargo in the square of the hatchways. The riggers had the sails bent and furled, gear rove, stays and back stays well set up, and everything aloft ataunto; and with her shining white lower masts, brightly scraped upper spars tower ing to gilt-trucked royal poles, and the big spread of her square yards she looked, rs the eye, coming down, took in her great beam, massive bulwarks, and shining brass work, a notable contrast to the sharp-nosed, gim-crack iron clippers that surrounded her. A tub the moderns might sneerlngly call her; but, very certainly, she was the sort of tub whose decks you might walk in slippers whilst their lee-scuppers were breast high with green seas. On her main dock she carried an enormous long-boat, fit child of such a buxom mother, and intended to cruise around the islands amongst the planters for rum, molasses, and sugar with which to return to the anchored barque, and fill up the capacious maternal Interior. Technically, this boat was known as a "drogher." But it took a lot of room; and, In addition, there was a host of spare spars, big water-casks, &c;, that gave the decks somewhat of a lumbered-up appear ance. We were to haul out at high water that night ; and, even now, the men were straggling down, more or less sober, and dumping their round-bottomed bags and their cheßts into the dark hatchway that led to their quarters below. I was kept too busy for a time to think of anything outside my work; but, after we brought up at the Nore with a westerly wind in our teeth, and I went aft to turn in for an hour or two, I laughed to myself when, glancing down the fok'sle scuttle, my eye caught the gleam of a brightly burning lamp, and my ear the dull, peace ful, rumbling notes of men's voices. Be fore daybreak the wind came round with plenty of westing In It, and, calling all hands, we got up our anchor, made sail, and wallowed away down channel with a wake Hke-a paddle-steamer; steady as a pyramid, dry as a baker's oven, and with half-a-gale of wind roaring and hooting in the bellies of our topsails. "Pok'tle lamp burn all right last night, Mr. Forbes, d'ye know?" asked the skipper at breakfast with a twinkle In his eye. "Yee, sir," I replied. "At least, I've heard no complaint, so far." "Ah," said he, laughing, "I thought that long spell in the docks would hare taken all the energy out of the beat and stanchest ghost going." And until we got clear of sound ings it really seemed as if the captain was right ; tor his sake I only wish H had been so. But then the trouble began In earnest ; and if I hadn't so many available witnesses to back me up I don't know that I'd care about putting what happened us into cold print. We had Just cleared the Channel. It was four bells (6 o'clock p.m.) in the second dog watch, a fine, bright cold evening, with a Jump of a head sea on', and the LJsard light barely visible on the port quarter. As I stumped the poop to and fro from binnacle to break—having Just relieved the second mate to let him get his supper—happening to glance for'ard, I saw, one after the other, the watch below come bolting up through their scuttle as if pro pelled from a catapult. It was not yet so dark but that 1 could distinguish the pas- " nionate gestures with which they told some thing to the little group of the port watch, that at once surrounded them, before, rac ing aft, they bundled up the poop ladder, at the head of which I met .them. In each of the five faces fear and bewilderment strove for the mastery, and all five bodies shivered and trembled as with ague. "If you please, sir," at onoe began an elderly man named Jones, his brown face turned to a nasty slate colour, and his words jostling each other as they came out, "we can't stop down there," jerking for'ard with outstretched thumb. "We was Just havin' our supper whan a stlnkin', frsesin' THING comes an' douses our lamp< We all seen It, so there's no error. An' we all felt It—leastways the cold an' the stench of It Poof ! It's in my mouth yet!" And be spat over the side, imitated scrupulously by his mates. "No, sir," he went on, raising his voice as he saw me grinning at him, "we ain't no fools, an' we knows our work as sailor-men ; but we ain't a-goin' to stand no such larks as them. Harris was right arter all. The ship's harnted ; an* you can't expec', sir. as ornery flesh an' blond '11 put up wi' a bloomin' ghost as comes foggnV an* stlnkin', strong as a whole churchyard full o' corpuses, into a man's fok'sle whiles he's a-eatln' of his bit of supper." , The fellow was perfectly civil, and I saw at once that, so bad a scare had they all got, the time had passed for an ordinary tongue-thrashing to have its usual effect. "Ay, ay, Bill's right," remarked another in the pause that followed. " An' Mr. Forbes '11 remember his promise to help keep the fok'sle lamp trimmed." This speech was received with a deep growl of approval. It was the starboard watch good men all, and the last I should have thought to be easily frightened. And I felt puttied. But clearly it was a tune tor action, not talk. The captain was nap ping, and I did not want to bother him about such rubbish ; so, calling the second mate, who was smoking an after-supper pipe on the quarter-deck, I gave bun charge of the ship while, followed by the men, I went for'ard and down the hatchway. Rather to my surprise, not a soul offered to accompany me. "Now then," I asked laughingly, as I stood half-way down the ladder, with my head over the coamings, " isn't anybody coming to help me do Jimmy Ducks's work ?" None of the second mate's watch made answer. But one of my own men, a little fellow called Daniels, belonging to the Isle of Wight, replied cheerily : "Ay. ay. sir. I'll come if old Nick hlsself's there. Wheer another man's game to go I ain't afeard." 8o down we went It was black as pitch : and getting to the foot of the ladder, I struck a long wax vesta and glanced around. It wasn't a very cheerful place. Along one side ran twelve bunks, six on top, six below. Underneath them were lashed chests ; on the opposite bulkhead hung suits of oilskins; on the floor was a wooden tub containing a big lump of salt beef, and another one full of biscuits ; from a capsized hook-pot the tea had flowed in a dark stream ; close to it lay a square bottle of vinegar, out of which the liquor still ran when each heave of the barque canted it forward ; about the chests were scatter ed plateß and pots ; disorder everywhere tes tifying to a very hurried evacuation. All this I noted before my match went out, and while my companion struck another. Taking it from him, I approached the lamp that swung from the ceiling nearly amid ships. It was just the ordinary tin recep tacle, full of oil, from which projected a couple of long spouts for the wicks, that one still sees in many " sailers'" fore castles, where it haß not been superseded by the kerosene-fed, closed " hurricane." Applying the match to one of the wicks, it " fizzled" and would not light. " The idiots !" I exclaimed. " The cot ton's wet as a soaked swab ! They've been too d d lazy . to trim it! Bring the thing on deck, Daniels, and I'll get the steward to fix It properly." Taking the lamp aft to the pantry, I left my companion sitting on the hatch, and whistling with a fine assumption of devil may-careness as the rest came round him. "An' ye saw nothin' —nothin' at all, Dan?" I heard one of them say as I re turned and lit the lamp under shelter of the hood that drew over the scuttle. " Ne'er a thing," replied Dan- calmly. "What should us see? Come on, you star bowlines, an' finish yer suppers ; the mate an' me '11 purtect ye while yer stows 'em away." " Qarn !" replied one of the taunted watch in a tone of exasperation. " Why, blast me if I'm ever going to get warm again ; to say nothin' o' the stink o' rotten corpßeß as 1b in my nose yet! Damp wick! Ho!" and the speaker snorted indignantly Hanging the lamp on its hook, it burned clearly and with a good bright flame. " There, now," I remarked complacently, seating myself on a chest and filling my pipe ; " what could be better than that ? We'll stay awhile to make sure ; and then we'll call those babies up there to finish their supper. And " But, here, glanc ing at Daniels, I caught him staring open mouthed past me into the darksome corner right for'ard, known as the " eyes." Pol lowing his intent gaze, I saw, coming slowly towards us, a sort of thick mist shaped like a human figure with out stretched arms, while the air, hitherto warm and close, grew icy cold with a chill in it that seemed to freeze my very marrow. And as if this were not enough, a horrible stench pervaded the fok'sle—a grisly, . putrid stink that brought corrupt and fes tering corpse* into the mind's eye. As the Thing glided past a pricking sensation of horror swept through me ; I broke out all o\er in a cold sweat, my teeth chattered like the rattle of a dynamo ; and for a minute I thought I was going to faint.. Then, all at once, came darkness and a com paratively clear atmosphere. Por a while, panting, spitting, and shaking with the awful cold, I couldn't speak. Then I called Daniels. Receiving no answer, I struck a light. But I was alone, Daniels had disappeared. Pulling myself together, I struck another match, unhooked the lamp, and slowly went up the ladder on deck, having received the worst scare I ever got In my life, and studying only how not to show it. It was dark enough by this, and I nearly stumbled over a man sitting and groaning, with his back against the fore- hatch. " It's Daniels, sir," said a voice : " Daniels a-throwin' up ov his soul-bolts, an' not by chalks so jolly cock-a-noopy as he were lust awhile agone, when he in wited of us down to finish our suppers." Taking no notice of this, I said, as calmly as I could, \o the clustered forms around, "That fok'sle of yours, lads, is a bit un healthy just yet. It* the fumes from the new paint gets working In a man's brains, I expect. However, we'll have the matter. cleared up presently. Now He aft, and get a good nip of grog each." Very thankful was I for the darkness that enabled me to escape the searching, In quisitive eyes that I could feel boring, as It were, Into me. Afloat or ashore, the officer that gives way before his men Is done spent—has outlived his usefulness. And, had it been daylight, I could hardly have answered for myself, so heavy and unex pected had been the shock to me. In the lighted alleyway near the pantry I met the captain. At sight of my face he started back, saying, " Hello ! You look as If you'd seen something that didn't agree with you ! Or are you not feeling well ? What's the matter ?" I told him my story. At first be laughed, and cracked a joke or two at my expense. Bat, seeing that I really was nervous, shivering, and unstrung, be became grave, filled me out a stiff nip of rum, and said, " This la awkward, Forbes. We've got no place to put the men. Of course, It's all Imagination on your side as well as theirs. Somebody's playing tricks down there. When you feel better we'll try and settle the thins, you and I. In the meantime the men can have their supper aft here on the hatch. I'll tell the second mate to keep all hands there while we're away. Yes, of course, there must be something In It, or you wouldn't pitch such a story. But It's., capable of rational explanation, I think. Just tell the steward to get the riding-lamp trimmed while I fetch my revolver. Pat a pair of scissors In your pocket to cut the wick with, should it go out again ; and when you're ready let me know." Now, truth to say, I had but little stomach for a second edition of the busi ness. Still, seeing the captain so alert, cheery, and confident put heart Into me, making me half willing to believe that my Imagination might have had some share in the thing. Therefore, by the time he'd fixed up his revolver, and I'd taken an other stiffener of rum to warm my chilled body, I was ready for the adventure. As we passed out the second mate was calling the roll at the quarter-deck cap stan, and the cook was bustling about the after-hatch with plates and dishes by the light of a similar lamp to the one I car ried. . " All present, Mr. Williams ?" asked the captain, pausing a moment. "All here, sir," replied the second mate. " except the men at the wheel and lookout" " Call the lookout aft, too," ordered the captain. "He can keep It on top of the spars awhile, till we return." This left us the whole fore-part of the ship to ourselves, and lonely enough it felt as we walked along the deserted deck and descended the fok'sle ladder. A riding-lamp is globular in shape, of un coloured thick glass, protected by rings of stout wire, can only be opened by unscrew ing the bottom, and is impervious to wind or rain. It is a heavy lamp, made usually of copper, and is generally hoisted well up the fore-stay of a vessel at anchor. Hanging it carefully on the iron hook in place of the other one, we sat down on a chest, close to each other, our eyes fixed steadily on the gloomy space for'ard, where the sides of the barque narrowed into the stem —the spot whence the Thing had ap peared before. Tbe last of the top tier of bunks, I knew, lay there ; and I asked my self with a sbiver if it might not be the one in which the corpse of the murdered man had been kept so long. The air was close-and stuffy, within it a predominant smell of new paint ; the big lamp, swinging fore and aft to the motion of the Bbip, flung great blobs and splashes of white light athwart the dimness ; now and again a heavier sea than usual would smite the bows with a sound as of giants slapping giants' cheeks ; a huge polished cockroach crawled out from under a chest and investigated the dark stains of tea and vinegar on the floor ; and tbe empty oil skin suits opposite us rustled and swayed to and fro in the shadow of the bulkhead like a line of hanged men swinging in a breeze. I was anxious—^anxious to justify my self in my captain's sight, and the time seemed endless. But not more than a few minutes could have passed ere the air grew cold. I nudged my companion's arm. On this occasion there was leisure for scrutiny, and, knowing what was to happen, I felt steadier and calmer. . At first all that was visible seemed a thick, filmy filling of the dim fore-part of the fok'Ble—something like fog or smoke of a dull-gray colour. Then, gradually advancing, it took to our eyes human shape, becoming still more opaque as it did so. And at this stage I heard the revolver click to full- cock, while the cold grew so Intense as, in spite of us, to set our teeth rattling. The Thing, by now, was only some four or five feet from us, a little to the right, and approaching with a slow gliding motion. There were the head, trunk, outstretched arms, legs, all the members perfect, even to the fin gers ; but, otherwise, all a dull vaporous blank—featureless. And the shocking, rot tlng-corpse-Uke odour made us gasp again for breath. " Get between it and the lamp, Forbes !" whispered the captain with a shake In his voice. But I hesitated, thinking I was close enough. Whereupon, without waiting, he started from my side, throwing himself right in front of the phantom, then some three yards from the lamp. In a moment I saw the form close on him; the long gray arms curled round his neck—the light and he were both blotted out, two pale splashes of flame leapt from the darkness, two dull reports sounded, and something fell heavily to the deck. Then the cold and the stench vanished, leaving me sick and shaking. Striking a match, I saw the captain lying flat on his face, one arm underneath him, the other outstretched and still grasping the pistol. Raising him, I found that, though sensible, he was shaking as with ague ; also that his. clothes were as soak- Ing wet as though he had been towed over board all day. Otherwise he was apparently unhurt. ■■' " Shall we wait any longer V I asked. But, in place of answering, he staggered to the ladder, the water dripping in little rivulets from him,-and his feet squelching in their boots. I had to take his arm to support him along the deck and to his cabin. Nor this time was any evasion of the dozens of inquisitive eyes possible ; and all hands and the cook very soon had their tongues clacking, trying to guess what had happened to " the ole man" down in the fok'sle. In spite of dry clothes and hot toddy, it was fully an hour before the skipper got over his shaklng-flt ; and evan then he looked miserably 111 and broken up. tils Angora, too, i. nstantly wandered to his throat, and he complained of a choking sensation there. " Are there any marks abcut my neck, Forbes ?" he asked more than once. "None, sir," t replied, after looking. " Well," said he, " I'll <s««*r I felt them —ice-cold claws that gripped as if they meant to strangle me, ana only let go when I fired. I'll never .get over it/Forbes," be continued. " All the sun In* Jamaica '11 not make me feel properly warm agftin It's in my bones. Fix the men up as well as you can. I don't .think any of us will care to go back in this snip. I know I shan't." Well, we managed to rig up a sort of fairly comfortable sh3nty h? righting the great long-boat that reached across the main hatch from the galloy to the main mast. And in this the crew livoJ for tbe remainder ot the passa«a In spite of all reticence it got about that the skipper bad fired -at tbe Thir* an.l grappled with it ; and his too** <im?>hnsihed the result. Indeed, by too tim«* wo rcarb'.'i Port Royal be had to bo carried to tbe hospital, so 111 was he. Aa4 ihj-*), bef-.-m we finished discharging cargo, he died. I would have taken th* <:uu;l>tU',u r.« me could I have got hands. But not a man in the island would sign in her If offered £20 a month. Eventually she was sold, and dismantled, her decks ripped up, filled fore and aft with coal, and towed round to Morant Bay, where she still lies, known only as " Hulk No. 49." 