TALENTS PUT AT USURY. [By the Rev. Marvin R. Vincent, D.D.] Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then, at my coming, I should have received mine own with usury.—St. Matthew xxv. 27. The text formulates a universal law. Power of any kind attains its true development by varying and multiplying its forms and applica tions. As a scientific law this is well known. No torce is lost, but force perpetuates and pre serves itself by change. Power is convertible and capable of expression in different forms. Will power converts itself into muscular power; friction becomes light and heat In nature the elements of force are in constant process of redistribution and re combination. Everywhere the capacity for variation is perceptible. Every object is endowed with susceptibility to the action of forces outside itself. An acorn, as an acorn, will not grow beyond a certain poiut._ It has only a limited set of functions to discharge. Its use is to produce an oak. It does not live unto itself, and in order to fulfil its destiny it must exchange the acorn life for the tree life. This new form of life is evolved only through contact with appropriate surroundings. Lock up your acorn in a safe, and you will have no oak. Even when a tree it is not exempt from the law of exchange. It becomes a part of_ a ship, a factory in commerce, or in war, or in religion. It links itself with the enterprise, passion, greed, or philanthropy of man. This is a law of moral and spiritual life as truly as of natural science or of business. The main theme of Scripture is God's development of humanity into His own moral image. Sal vation, redemption, sanctification all mean ultimately the running of man's natural en dowment into the grander and more varied forms of the spiritual life. The beginning of this process is conversion, which is exchange —exchange of- the lower life for the higher ; of the kingdom of sense for the kingdom of spirit; of the natural man for the spiritual man. Refusal to exchange your life as a whole shuts you out from the highest and fairest region of life. "Flesh and blood can not inherit the kingdom of God." This truth reveals to us the amazing depth and force in our Lord's words, "He that would save his life shall lose it. He that shall lose his life for My sake shall find it." Life is not an end unto itself. It belongs to God's universe, not to self; and the life which is self-centred not only withholds its contribu tion from the universe, but cuts itself off from all those rich and potent forces which are lodged in the universe for it to make it god like. Life doe3 not consist in mere having ; possession may be nine points of the law, but it is only one point in the Gospel. "No man liveth unto himself." Nothing in the universe is or can be an isolated unit. The fact of possession is modified and controlled by the fact of relation. You cannot truly live and merely possess. If you merely accumulate and grow big in fortune, knowledge, culture, deftness, or anything else you are a mons trosity. You have your share of right in mankind, and mankind has its share of right in you and jours. Its right is inherent, natural and divine, like the right of the earth to the sun shine or of the river to the streams, the right oi organic connection. According to the currenf phrase, to " pay the debt of Nature," is to die. That is the only way in which some men evei do pay it; but to pay the debt of Nature is to live and serve," to put out all oui forces at the exchange of life, and-to lef the contact of society and the pressure of ministry and the hard blows of manlj conflict -.vith evil coin them into new and grander forms of power. The Gospel aim: to have us take this law consciously into oui processes of self-education. The tree and tht animal obey it blindly on its lower side. Ghrisl puts it to us as an obligation. "Thou oughtesl to have put my money to the exchangers.' "Ought" has no meaning for a tree. Oui obligation is to throw out our power anc faculty into the vast range of Divine influences appeals,'opportunities; forces, lying all arouuc our life; to expose our intellect, money mechanical skill, physical strength, ourscholar ship, to the transformations of the Kingdon of God. Begin at the foundation. Man is a materia' being. He is flesh as well as spirit. He has £ body with muscular power, sensuous percep tion, and appetites. It is quite possible foi him to keep this material organism down at it: original fleshly level A prizefighter keep: his power on the muscular plane; the usury he gets is development of the same brutal form: of power and the vulgar triumphs and emolu ments of physical supremacy. The Gospe' summons this fleshly organism to higbei uses and to nobler destiny, but the condition of entering upon these i: exchange, putting the physical life undei the dominion of a spiritual energy, con verting physical power into spiritual. " Glorify God in your body," it says. Youi body may remain a sty for all swinish lusts, or you may change tenants and your bodj become the temple of the Holy Ghost. ' Ir short, God invites you to offer and expose youi whole material being to the thrust and trans formation of His divine forces. Instead ol cultivating sensual energy, and piling up the usury of animalism, Paul says—"Ikeepdowr the body, I strike body blowlTat sensualism. ] press toward the mark for the prize of my big! calling, which is of God." Or, take mechanical skill. The deftness which has made a man an expert and a terroi to society along certain lines of fraud or vio lence becomes a new and better thing the moment it puts itself under the laws ol beneficent industry. It takes on a new direc tion. It is transmitted into new and gracious energies. Skill becomes beneficence. Inven tive endowment passes into charity. Dex terity is translated into ministry. The native power has a divine quality con veyed into it and passes up into the ranks ol J.—and. ep'ritu^l forces. The association of the Spirit of God and workmanship i not forced; it is natural, inevitable in the Divine order. The natural endowment is used, bub directed to higher ends and backed with a new inspiration There is language. It is not hard to see how that mighty and multiform power changes in its range and quality, according to the spirit which is behind it and the nature of the ma terial with which it deals. Kept" down in the low, poisonous atmosphere, where a 'filthy novelist or versifier lives and ■ revels, it par takes of its surroundings, and is a power in the generation and expression of unholy and debas ing ideas. I know few more terrible passages in literature than the one in which Victor Hugo describes the French argot—that slaug which has formed itself out of the _ atmosphere of vicious poverty, with its miseries, crimes, and nameless degradations. After reading it one feels as if he had been crawling through a sewer. But when the power of speech is transferred to the great themes of Divine truth and is con secrated to their proclamation how it becomes transfigured! No finer illustration of this can be given than the history of the language of the New Testament. The Greek language was_ selected for the Gospel message because of its inherent qualities—its transparency, copiousness, flexibility, accuracy, nervous vigor, melody, and power of nice distinction; but it had grown up in a far different and far lower moral region than that in which it was now called to play such an important pare. How the Gospel lifted and purified and trans formed it, and what a wonderful power of adaptation it showed to the nobler and purer ideas of Christianity? The Gospel culled jewels of sacred speech from the unlikeliest places—the pesthouse, the galley slaves' bench, the boxing match, the footrace; the gaming table, and employed the most characteristic terms of revelry, serfdom, sordidness, and cruelty to minister at its own altars. When speech has put itself in to contact with theDivine power of Christ, has passed into the uses of adivine economy, it becomesa new and grander power with a new and grander range of re lationship by means of the exchange. It is easy to apply the principle to money and to all material forms of power. If merely hoarded, they yield no usury arid shrink the soul of the holder. But when a man takes the sources of his wealth and converts them into a college, a hospital, a library, or a church, he converts vulgar bulks into spiritual forces, and multiples their power a thousand-fold; it is a profitable exchange. Nor is the law relaxed for knowledge, culture, or scholarship, whose natural tendencies are aristocratic, selfish, and isolating. Culture indulges the tendency to isolation at the world's expense and at his own expense. Mental training, scholarship, cul ture never attain their best until they have been thrown into social contact and have made their acquisitions and methods available to society. In short, the educated man be longs to society, and because society wants him for its own use it insists on having a hand in his education. Pure culture, like pure gold, is unfit for use. It needs the tougher alloy which only social contact can give. 