SIR HENRY PARKES'S EARLY LETTERS. An Emigrant's Horne Lettern. Br IrEnT PelsKs. Weh Prelnce and Notes by AsNsat T. Pear.s. Sydney: Augos and Robertson. 1896. The historian of the future who will write the interesting story of Austral asian development will go to public documents for his facts, but it is to such modest little volumes as the one now before us that he will turn for tihe human interest and personal color with which he will endeavor to invest the few remarkable figures that move across its horizon. At the risk of being misunderstood, it may be said that the career of Sir Henry Parkes, historically considered, will be found to belong to the earlier phasee of what may be oulled modern Audtralian history. 1io was a type of the colonist that came hitherward in the early "fortieo," and though he became one of the moet influ. ential figures in our later poli. tical development, we must recur to that fact for the key of his political career. In this little book, which is published as a tribute of filial respect by a daughter who has given many e~vidences of devotion, we get familiar glimpses of the personal and domestic character of Henry Paekes at a time and under ciroumntances whioch leave no doubt of the boolk's authenticity as a veritable "human document." It consists of a number of letters written between the years 1838, when the writer waoe ie London preparing for his emigrant voyage to this part of the world, and 1811, by which time the severity of his early struggles as a colonist may be said to have been over. They are letters written under scob circumetances of domestio con fidonce that one might almost have a scruplo in reading them, even in this printed form, if the spirit in which they are edited by the writer's daughter did not rossuro the reader. They are presented almost exactly as they left tho writor's hand. "They wore given to mo at Fauloonbridgo early in the eighties by my aunt Maria," says the editreos, "and it was her wish, and my father's also, that I ashould publish them after his death." Moat of them are ad. dressed to his oldest sister, who died in 1801 during her brother's visit to England. In a brief introduction Miss Parkeos deocribes the oircam stances under which Henry Parkies and Olarinda Varney were married at Edgbaston, a Birmingham suburb, in 18860; and how, " after a bitter strugglo for existence," they decided on emigrating to Australia, There is a note of pathos in the preface which will hardly fail to strike the most unsympathetio roader, whore i daughter pleads that her father will not be judged by the years betweeoon seventy and eighty. "The mistakes, the errors, and the failures of the last years of his life," we road, " will be wiped away ao one would brush dust from a beloved dead face." A hope is expressed that some may learn a lesson of courago and patienoe from his lifo. "By the glorious aims, by the high hopes, by the great achiove monts, and the ringing eloquenoe of his graud manhood, will he be judged," Miss Parkeo writes hero; " and when Australasia takes her place among the great nations of the world, his name will be insceribed in golden letters upon the annals of her history." The book is just what its title deos. oribos, a colloection of letters, and it would hardly be fair to the publiohers to extract their matter in a review noties. But it may be said that the writer gives a graphio pioture of the early viciossitudes of his wife and him self both in London and in Australia. Train-travelling in England now is diffeoroent from what it was in the late thirtieson, when Henry Parkes and his young wife wont up from Birmingham to London in a soeond-olass carriange, through the windowless sides of which for fifty miles the rain and wind boat with snoh bitterness that, says the traveller, "I begau to thiink we should surely be the subjeoot of a tale in the 'Penny Storyteller,' entitled 'Tho Weather Slain.'" Even in those days there woro imaginative touches in his opoeech, cohood later in lifo in his speoohes, as when he writes of the looomotive noas "the ghost of a devil that dragged us." But most of his talk is of prnatical matters, as of egngaging a room ine Hatton Gardonc at 0/- a weehk, of turuing a few made-up goods into money, no that he can aset ip a lathe, and of his disappointment with Lone don. "It seoomed an if there was no place for me among the countless multitudes of its inhabitants," ho writes, and " my thoughlts then turned to emigration." HIo writes of his pro. paration for the voyage, of bin boolko, his feow chattols, of his little dog. " If you or someone bolonging to ms," he writes to Ihis sistor, "could Ikeep him when I am gone I should be very glad, for that little unhappy animal sooms a very part of my unlhappy heart." Tihe letters convoy a depress. ing piotuna of the emigrant's prospoeoto in tho old country. " Howerer I ma:, fare on tbo' other ride of the globe," we find him writing jut before Chri~tnma in 1683, "I do not thini: i can much more darken my prospects of the future." Whcu he at lst got work in London it wao at turning twine-borea for trtdeomen'e coontere-work Eo heavy, he says, that it almost maEtered him, He writes to his fatthr in termn of etrong filial ,ffection, and now and tben wo egt rcferenrcc to his early litcrtry attempts in verse. His de ecription of the voyage, of his arrival in Syduey, of hi eacrly Etruggles hero, are all intereEtiug reading. Ho gives a deEcription of bie lifo as a laborer on tho ectato of Sir John Jamison. near Penrith. The earlier experiences wero most diEcooraging, but as mat ters improved a more hopefu:l tone comes into thCEC letters. The birth of his first child at Ece gave him and his wife a companion who helped to lighten the burden for both; but Henry Parkes Eeemo to have thought of returning to Europe and visiting Java, Manilla, or India on the way. He is perpetually giving an account of the books he is reading, and which appear to have been a constant solace and encouragement. In 1842 wo find him writing that he eighed for a permanent homo, "It may be fired in the immense wilds of this wonder ful country," he says, "or amidst the native haunts of the New Zealand savago; or it may be in the beautiful and fertile island of Otaheite, or in Chili, or Peru, or it may be among the nottloments of Malacca, or in South Africa, or the United States of America; but I am sad to think that it is not likely to be in my native land, though I still must hope to lay my bones in old Eogland." In 18.14 there is written what he calls a " love letter to his wife," and in an appendix are some early biographical particulars from an old friend, and some of Sir Henry Parkes's early verses. We understand that this very interesting book is published for the benefit of the editreos, and, although produced by subsoription, is on sale in the ordinary way.-- .. . Herald. 