OUTIS" AND THEOSOPHY. to the editor. S'r. — Your "Outts," who is always to the front with his philosophic fun on passing events, re corded on the "screen of time," has In your Issue of the 2nd Inst, stolen some genuino Irish thun der to draw a joke on the "hhoys" themselves. because of the prominent part they play in the theosoplilcal "boom" now going on round the world, wherever tho crusade from America sweeps along on its "meteoric way." The Irish man is a standing Joke whenever all else falls to bring a laugh out, In our "aeon of the hum drum." Yet for all that tho fact of the matter Is, according to thcosophy, three-fourths of our trouble in this bilious period of tho world's his tory is caused by the doleful way we look at things. We are terrified by spooks of our own making. Wo raise the devil and then shiver un utterable things when we see his horns, aud thco sophy comes along with this crusade to prove to us that we can lay the ghosts ourselves, stand on our feet like men, and make this world an O.K. paradise, if wo put our minds to it. Its all a mutter. of vibration, and when we strike the right chord, the music begins to play, and up will gc tho curtain in tho first act on tho new stage of genuine life. The condensed theory Is tliat there is plenty of good in the hearts of all "sorts and conditions of men." Yes, certainly, not leav ing out the women, they are right In the front in this work. So, If, Instead of raising the devil, one wakes the heart In a man tho spooks of fe vered fancy dissolve of themselves Into thin air. Theosophy goes into the particulars of the science and philosophy of it all, and the crusaders ure bringing this knowledge into practical efTect in every country they go through; where already there have been small Investments taken up in the same line of goods. Irishmen, of course, are In everything, and don't usually take a back seat when there Is any fun going on. For paradise is not really pawned to any particular nation or race, the Frenchmen try to draw tho devil In Englishmen by remarking that it is a British an nexation In the opinion of John Bull, English being tho only language spoken there. I-Iowever, the science of theosophy does not support this statement. Tho crusade has boomed In England, Germany,. Franco, Sweden, etc., as well as In tho "Isle of Destiny." The crusaders will show us their raotal In India and Australia before long. So we arc all in this business, colored and white alike. No "stand off the grass" for any mother's son of tho human race, who will bear a hand with his coat off In balancing the world again. It Is lopsided now, that's all; and thcosophy shows us tne lever. — i ours, etc., r. w. willans. The Tbeosophlcal Society in Australasia, Wyn- yard-square, Nov. 3. 