AN OPEN LETTER. To ALBEBT F.CALVEBT, Esq., F.R.G.S. <fcc., Discoverer of Australia. Sir,—The credit for the diseorery of the American Continent is variously ascribed to Cabot, Amerigo, and Christopher Columbus, but, happily, no eliadow of uncertainty invests the identity of the discoverer of Australia. Partiality may indeed have induced some writers to glorify Houtman, .Van Diemen, Vlgming, Flinders, Bass, Cook, and Grey at the expense of the real hero: but, although an exceptional modesty has prevented YOU from claiming the praise that is your rightful due, your friends in the Press and elsewhere have insisted upon the recognition of your unique achievements. Like Captain Cook, you have made four voyages to the Southern Seas, but there the resemblance ends. What were his vaunted discoveries as compared with yours ? What were Iiis uncouth logs and diaiies in comparison with your monumental woTk^n--"'The Discovery of Australia ?" Captain Cook was foolish enough to let liimself be killed and eaten by the natives. It cannot truthful y bo said that yon ever allowed anyone to live upon you. Gratitude is a rare virtue nowadays, bnt yoa have always beeh the first to admit that the foundations of your fame were laid by an eponymous relative. Some doubt seems to exist even in your own mind as to whether Mr. John Calvert is your uncle or your grandfather, but in any case he is a connection of whom any man might be proud. If that worthy discovered a Mountain of Gold in the northern wilds of Westralia, you for your part have found a veritable range of such mountains in the pocket of the British investor. The General Exploration Company, the Consolidated Goldfields of Western Australia, the Imperial Corporation of Western Australia— these and other great creations testify uot only to your commercial ability, but to your persuasive eloquence, and the strength of your imaginative faculties. That the shares of these important companies s'^onld be unsaleable at a considerable discount is one of those financial anomalies which the most eminent of explorers could not explain or avert. Tue Genex^l Exploration Company may have aspired to profit by the promotion of the North-Western Australian Goldfields, but you could scarcely be expected to give np to a mere joint-stock company what was meant lor Albert F. Calvert. The gift of £800 in cash and £9,200 in shares to the company was a graceful concession in no way due to any litigation that may have been pending, but indicative rather of your generosity aud magninimity. Sceptics have gone so far as to disbelieve that you ever discovered anything worth keeping, but all doubts of this description are dissipated by the simple fact that since you first undertook the discovery and exploration of Australia, you have become a man of fortane—some say a mil!iona : re. Who but the discovcrev of a mountain of gold could become in a day, as you have done, a magnate of the turf, the pet of the paddock, the prize of the professional beauty, and the spoiled darling of Society ? Memory takes me back to a time, little more than five years ago, when you first came to Perth. Concealing the true object of your visit, you posed, if I mistake not. as a philatelist, and you endeavored to persuade the Government of Western Australia to furnish you with a complete collection of the stamps of the colony. 1 do not profess to know the price that you offered for what would have been au acquisition of no ordinary value, but the Government was sufficiently unappreciative of your philanthropic and philatelic zeal to refuse it. Foiled m your laudable desire to obtain a valuable collection of postage stamps at the public expense, you turned from philately to authorship. Ycu publicly announced your intention of writing a book on Western Australia, and those who knew your absolute ig 'Orance of the subject admired the audacity vchich had conceived so striking an idea. You realised that if your treatise was to hold a fitting place in the library of travel it ought to embody the results of some original research, and accordingly you took the steamer for Roeburne, determined at all hazards to find for your country the fabled mountain of gold, and to win for yourself au imperi-liable name. Knowing full well the perils which might be in store, you daantlessly headed an expedition into the interior. Your equipment was simple but effective. A white attendant and an aboriginal chef composed the personnel of your party ; a buggy and a pair of horses constituted the- sole means of transport. Your heroic party plunged into the bush, and for two whole daya no voice broke the awful silcnce. Then yonr chariot wheels were heard returning ; jou had run short of condensed milk. Shakebacon has said, " He jests at milk who never felt athirst," but although the quidnuncs of Perth scoffed at you as the tinned milk explorer," I can well believe that the privations which you endured were very severe. Qutsque suos patimur manes, and who should remember better then yourself the terrible sufferings that you have undergone? I have never heard that the whiskey ran out; but what, after all, is whiskey without milk? Advertisement, like adversity, has its uses, and, returning to London, you turned your adventures to excellent account. When the world had come to lealise your greatness, vou started divers joint-stock companies, and with the assistance of certain literary " ghosts," wrote your fa nous works on the Discovery and Exploration of Australia. Only one fault can be found with these great treatises— the absence of quotation marks: only one fault can be found with your companies—the absence of dividends. Eight months ago, with a courage that did you credit, you returned to Westralia. This time, as became a man of your wealth and station, you carried with you a complete retinue. A private secretary, a valet, an artist, and a geologist formed, with the " ghosts" afo esaid, your triumphal train. To an interviewer at Albany you expressed regret at uot having voyaged, in your own steam yacht, and the fact that you had been compelled to travel first-class by an ordinary mail steamer evoked general sympathy throughout the colony. On another occasion you hoped to C3me on your own quarter-deck, and with a cargo of first-class racehorses, anyone of them fit to win the Queen's Plate. Like a latter-day Macaenas you posed as a patron of the Arts, and you premised to bestow on the capital, as the nucleus of a picture gallery, portraits of the men who had rendered most signal service to the community, notably Sir George Grey, Sir John Forrest. Sir William Robinson, and—Mr. Albert F. Calvert. Owing to imperfect organisation your arrival at Perth pae c ed almost unnoticed. True, the Mayor invited 3 T ou to have a glass of wine with biai at the Town Hall, bnt even Lord Mayors of London have been known to entertain company promoters, and to endow them with p'ejes of plate. True, also, that you were entertained at a Perth hotel which you were negotiating te purchase, but who paid for the dinner, and who invited the guest of the evening, history relateth not. Sufficient is it to know that you fared forth soon afterwards on the perilous path to Coolgardie. The people of that town, so noted for their hospitality to strangers, made no stranger of you. They knew you too well. Like any undistinguished mortal, you stayed one night at an hotel and proceeded to Kalgoorlie in the morning. At Hannan's your progress was attended with the same lack of appreciation, and when you went on to Kanowna on the following day, after making an exhaustive examination of all the mines in the district, not a single cheer marked your departure. At the White Feather you carefully investigated all the best properties, and then returned to Perth after an absence of more than three days. From that city you took steamer to tropical Roeburne, whence, to the general consternation there came a telegram to the effect that you had been prostrated with snnstroke. Your enemies alleged, indeed, that it was nothing worse than an attack of " swelled head," but those who had traced your arduous journeys through the bash, realised that you had been exposed in no ordinary degree to the pitiless rays of a burning sun. Though your services to the cause of science have not always received due acknowledgment, you nevertheless persevere in your self- appointed task, learn from your oracle, the West Australian Review, that on your recent visit to Westralia you offered to equip an exploring party for the work which the Elder Expedition was un able to accomplish. The Government declined your offer. Possibly Sir John Forrest was jealous of the fame of so brilliant an explorer. In any case you bad to shake the dust of Western Australia off your feet and proceed to Adelaide before you found anyone who cared to take advantage of your generosity. Some 280,000 square miles of Westralia remains to be explored, ard " it is hoped that the expedition will be able to fill up all the important information respecting natural features, flora, fauna, climate, &c.;, in the course of 15 months." Considering that you yourself were able to accomplish" so much in the short space of three days, this seems a legitimate expectation, and my only regret lies in the fact that the expedition which left Cue on June 19 th is n'-t " personally conducted." If you had placed yourself at its head the discovery of two or three goldfields would have been a moral certainty.— " Cygnus Niger " in Westralia (London). 