TilE Be Just and Fear Not. SATURDAY, APRIL 18, 1896. "PUBLIC INDIGNATION." FnoM time to time the wail of the sweater's victim rises above the clamour of the market-place, and public indigna tion is aroused. Said public indignation flares up pretty brightly, burns awhile, then flickers and dies out. There is little wonder that it should flare up, or that it should burn. The unvarnished facts laid before the great meeting in Melbourne last Monday by the secretary of the Anti-Sweating League are well calculated to make everybody's blood boil-everybody, that is, excepting those who profit directly or indirectly by the evil. Their blood boils only at other evils, in which they have no interest. But when the " man in'the street "' hears about a woman working 100 hours a week to. earn 9s 6d, out of which she has to pay 2s 4d for tram fares and postage, he very reasonably waxes indignant. Very unreasonably, however, he allows his indignation to cool down. -The piti able thing about this is that with every delay the people will grow more and more callous, and " public indignation " will in the end need some very special means whereby to arouse it. There has surely been time enough in which to find out whether the evil and the evildoers can be legislated away; and even the tory press admits that it is possible. At the present moment public indignation burns brightly ; and we may apply to the people the Ghost's apostrophe to Hamlet : ' I find thee apt ; And duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed Chat rots itself in ease on Lethe wharf, W ouldst thou not stir in this." But who can say that it will not be the same with them as with the melancholy Dane ? At the meeting referred to, the Rev W. H. Lewis said he would like to say that the public conscience had not only been shocked, but continued to be shocked whilst the curse existed in our midst. Unfortunately, the state of being ssojed is not one. that can be sustained by the . o gyr age person. Only strong. natures einh naintain an honest indigna tion until by vigorous efforts the cause of it is removed. Men like the prison chaplain in Reade's novel are all too rare. The Quixotic spirit has been ridi culed often enough ; but it may be questioned if the pessimistic inertia which calls itself optimism and common sense is any better. That drag on the wheel of progress, the Legislative Coun cil, must be abolished before any true refurm can be effected. Sargood and his forty-four puppets must come down from the high places in which popular indulgence has allowed them to sit so long. They have outgrown their period of utility, and have become obnoxious. The need' :ifo them, if it ever existed, is past. But their hold on the positions they occupy is strong, and strong hands will be required to pluck them down. As H. H. Champion said. the August elections for the Council should all be vigorously contested, with a view of mitigating the evil ; but who can say where the public indignation will be by that time ? No doubt many of the members of the House of Sargood are honest in their convictions ; but men who have been reared in the midst of tory prejudices, who have imbibed all the superstitions of toryism from their very cradle, who " forget nothing and learn nothing" (as Talleyrand said of the Bourbons), are not the best judges of democratic measures. Certainly, every pest is not intentionally pestiferous, but such a one must not therefore imagine itself absolutely beneficial. Inutility may be condoned whilst it remains in ocuous ; but as soon as it becomes in imical to the public welfare it should no longer have authority in the higlhplaces of public life. The emasculation of the Factories Bill, by the Legislative Coun cil is an act which the country must not pass over in silent acquiescence. Such wanton obstruction cannot be tolerated by any free State. There are conserva tives enough ,in the Assembly to provide that drag on the wheel which is thought to be so necessary, but the mere mention of which is an instilt to the people's in telligence. The Council grows more anachronistic as the country advances, and its raison~-d ri recedes to the van ishing-point. .. . , 