LADY TURPIN. Be HENRY HERMAN (Author of "Ilis Angel," "Eagle Joe," "Scarlet Fortuno," &e.;, &c.;, and part Author of "The Silver King.") Published by special arrangement 'lith Musrs. Word, Lock 4 Botedes, Lid. -[ALL n0nT mTs IZBERVD.] CHAPTER XV. A haAD on TnHE CAFn rL~' Endalio Vorpoint, the adventuress, had lost her habitual coolness since she had learned that she had a heart. She was no longer the cold and calculating woman who lived only to commit crime and then to skilfully obliterate its traces. She had tricked and entrapped Gerald Theveney, and. thon, like the fowler who Is caught in ." his own snare; sho ad fallen in love with him. It was not merely hie good'looks that now attracted her; of his position in the world she had ceased to think. She no longer considered him a prey, as a stake to be played for and won, if possible, but as the lord of her heart, the man whom she loved better than life itself.. Very weak of her, perhaps, but as wo know "their omen are not " In thoir'best fortunes strong." Ieut when a woman loves, as Endalie Vorpoint did, we all know they are weak indeed. And the girl lived in a constant terror, the terror of being found out. Gerald had only boon too glad to take her at ther own valuation-a beautiful girl, a lady, well educated, of good position, of his ownve social rank. But the timno might come when Gerald would make enquiries which it would be awkward to answer, en quries which would have to be met by lies. It is very easy to tell a lie, bt to build tip a whole structure of lies needs geoits. par ticularly if they aroenot to he found out. And Endllie had grown weary of lying to the man she loved, simply because she loved him sa, and when the tri o parlor. coaid came into the drawing.room after lunohl witlh a telegram upon liher little salver, Endalieo' fingers trembled as she took it tip, and the girl's face flushed slightly withl fear. Baut a happy smile overspread her lhandsome face as she read its contents. "There's no anrwer, Ellen," she said. And then, as the girt left the room, she turned to the clock. "He'll be here in half an hour," she thought. And then she looked ones msore at the little piece of pinkish paper. "Please wait at home for me. r am coming to bring you great good news at half-past two.-O." "Good news I" thought Endalie. "He can have no other good news to tell me than that it is possiblo to hasten our mar riage. Oh, that it were once over, and that I, dared to tell him. Bot that can never be, for Gerald is an honest man and would spurn from him the woman who is nothing but a common thief. But then Io loves me, and in that great love of his ho may find pity-whelon I am his wife, ut not before. But will ho'ever forgive me for cheating and deceiving him? Can I overdare to tell him? Nol That must be my very last resource. Fortune has never failed me yet, and surely the coup of happiness will not be dashed from my lips just as it touches them. What can his good news be. I wonder? :Perinps;per hops," she thought-and she became pale as a ghost at the idoa-" porhpsithey have come upon the traces of Winnie's jewels, and thse, he being placed above suspicion (for he may have fancied he was stspOctod) he looks upen that as great good nsews. No, it can't he that." And then the well- known knock was heard at the outer door of the flat, and Endalio, with a womlan's instinct, took one look in the mirror, and pressing 'her blanched lips between her teeth and seat ing lereelf tin a graceful attitude, awaited the arrival of her lover. - The door was flung open by Ellen, and Gorald.'who though dressed-in solemh black, looked the picture of happiness, hlis face wreathed in smiles, otered. "Dearest Endolio," he cried. "yeu can muaio me the h"ipplost man in all--the Sworld, or the most nmiserable, for l cannot bear to part with you, dear, oven for n single day. I can't, indeed, and I've get to leave London at once-=that is to say, witlhin a week or two. And aye-or no, Endalio, I want youen to make a sacrifice for " Thlere's nothing I wouldn't do for you. Gerald, nothingl'" cried the gorl. And there was a touch of pathetic seoleconity in lier voice, for she meant whatsho said, and the words caone from her heart. -And then they kissed oech other, anolvers do. "And what's your great good news. Gerald," she said. " I'm burning to hear it," . Well, 'I'm made a post-captalin, dear. I'm to have a quarter-deck'of myown. -We aore going to start-'a honse in Paris. and I'm to take charge of it. It's promotion, I can tll', yons; ' and they were .very nice about it, and said all sorts of charming. things i and I sholdd nevor have got it if it hadn't been for the poor old governor's death. You-see, they think 'Sir Gerald Thevonny and Co.' will read well, and of course, I can now put In a considerable amount of capitol. And what's bettor still, it will he all osnder my own thumb. and I shan't b at the bokand cal of old Maldor Whattinghiam. And now I want you to do mu a great favor. Enetlio. I want you to consent to our iomecdiate marriage. eTos see, the mere fact of my having to go away is the strongest of all possihle reasons. Under ordinary cireum stesces, it couldn't have takeno place for six monthsatlmast. lut now we can be quietly marrieo.l, and we can take a fort night's honeymoon. ant then settle down in a little nest of our oaw iu Paris. And all yeno have got to do. Enetdlle, dear. is to say yes, and tlon you'll mnako m tihe hap pdolst fellow in nall the world. You won't hesitate,Endslio? YEou won'trefuse meo I've got ay elncee, and I slall never Ihave such another big chance gain. Why,. with hck, in ten years' time. one neoln't worry about businese. I ball hlave nade my pile. and we can comee back and live at tse look's Nest. if we like. What do you say, darling? Dearest Endalio I" "Gerald,"' said the girl, "you know I can't refuse you anything. I ought to blush when I say the words,' I love you so thliat I can refuse you nothing.' iut. Goerld, whot will the world say C rlt will Lady Money say ? And your sister, toon I And oh, Gerald. my aunt's dread. fully particular I She'll certainly make all kinds of difficulties." "Oh, for the matter of that, bother our sisters and our cousins and our aonts!" cried the young fellow enthulsalstically. , Wore both of age. Endalle, though you don't look it. I can buy a special license, and we can be married an1 morning, and nobody need be any the wiser." " Oerald don't beo ridiculous I" cried the girl. "os .m.n.ight as well uoggest a post chaise and four. anti namrringo t Gretna Gireen. l'll talk to iuntI can't sey more. and nyusssit heovery nice with her and very tirls, and say it's got to he. you know. antI botweon om we sthl talt tIer over." t I'm neel sure that the special liceesO anI te maOrritge in thle morning wouldn't b otio ieoay.?y Enllie." cried the youig follow. " YoUr asut'o belied to esake all kin~ie of dlifieullliisa--auntsalC anluys do--nlld sho'l1 want to savo te i sottlnuli'nto seon to and tl.ot w ilI ta no end ol time. Tibseo lawyor fellwee osver will blirry." "I don't cltai theat need t.eko long errald," aidl lihe gtiirl ;oflly, plceici!: her baudlinuhis. "W\ih,'i I ,oarry you, I tlrst yeui~tih oysseif. euruly I ciiu trust Joi "Of CeOi'eo yOt ease, little sonlaiin. Ecerrpiitiinl,' couhldhe ildo fair and silthosiae, anel idares y oven wyecy rsn igllhtb gil to burry osp under 1,reasuro." And thou there wan hub pause, and tressing of hands, and the young people ookod into each otler's eyes as young people do under. such circumstances, and then Endalie, in a strangely serious tone, naked her affianced lover a very strange question. " Gerald," she said, " would you marry mo if I were a penniless girl? Tell mae really. Would King Cophotua take tilo be?agr maid P" "You know I would, dearest!" cried her lover. "You moan it, Gerald, don't you P" said the girl. "You really moan it?" "Indeed, indeed, my darling, I do," cried the infatuated-youth. And he did umoan it, because for him there was but one woman-in all the world, and that one woman was Enddio. Ver point, " Gerald," said the girl, and she looked at him with solemn-eyes, "Gerald- " She seemed about to speak again but she was silent. The impilse to confoss every thing to the man sire loved better than lifo was strong, lHad she really beeon a penniless girl,'sho would,loving and trust ing him as she did, have confessed it then and there, belioving in the strength and truth of hia affection. But she dared not. Her courage failed her at the last moment. She could not tell the man she loved the story, the shamoful story, of her life of crime. . " I was only trying your affection, Gerald," she said with a little laugh. - I don't think even the beggar-maid could have been a happier girl-than I am now, and if I said all I think. Gerald doai,-and told you lhow happy l-am.,-prhaps you might wish mIe more coy andl reticent. Al, Gerald, I do so pray that nothing may come between us." "eCome -between us?" 'cried -youn Thevenoy. "Who or what could ever come between us ? When Iwas a ruined man, you cames to my asastanc nobly. Do you thluk'that I can ever forget that ? Do you think that I can over forgot that it was you who.saved mo from the conse quences of y own monstrous folly? And folly's a mild word. I was more than a fool, I was a criiminal, well-nigh a thief, for I was guilty of a breach of trust,;nnd knowing that, dear, you love me and trust me still. Endalio, if ever there was an angel in this world it is you, love." "Ali, yon say that, because you haven't found me out," said the girl, with a laugh in which there was the slightest tinge of bitterness. "If you only knew I Au, if you only knew I" "But I do know I" cried the 'young fol low, and as he spoke the words the girl startod. "I can quite fancy that I'mii not the first man who has admired you, Euda lie. Others have done so, and doubtless told you of their affection. Why should they have hidden their love from a girl hem anyan might be oproud of? I am fell with hideous retrospective joalousy." he added with a laugh. " Qerald l"criadtho girl a little proudly, staring to her feet. " I swear to you that you are the first man that ever whispered words of love to me. I never thought or cared for any man in that way, never, so help me Heaven I Say you believe me, dear, for I can honestly look you in the faeo and tellyou that." " Believe you, EndalioP Of course I ?olieve you." At that moment the door opened, and Mrs Hill came in. " Wlcy, Gerald! The very last person I should have expected to see. There's no thing wrong in the City, I hope ?" "Nothing whatever, dear Mrs Hill," said the young man, as he took her outstretched hand and shook it warmly. - " I've got a half-holiday.. They have let me out of school for the afternoon." And then hetold her of- what he termed his "sllco oflnok,"l " And now, Mrs Hill," he continued, "I have come as a boggar, -A most pertina cious beggar. No amount of handshaking will drive me away. I'have talked over Endalio, and prautiatdly.sie refers mo to von. - Dear Mrs Hill, you will help me,'. von't you? Of course; my father's death' naturally has postponed our marriage, but tam an excitable fellow;and I don't think I could stand the suspense of being away from Endalle: Whhy, every day, hero in London, I count tie minutoes till fire o'clock, and this sudden move is an honest reason for hastening on our marriage. There's nothing to be got by delay, anl you don't know what an extra snx months of happiness ieans to a fellow like tie. We can be nmrricd at once. Even- old Mioder Whattinglianm, who is a eantau erous old fellow, agres with ie that that's the best possible thiogfor the business. 'Simplest thing in life,' he sacid. 'WnVey, whon I married Mrs Whattingham, I went away at eleren, and we had our wedding broeakfast at Birch's and I was back again In this chair at two.' And he was. I have often heard it in the offie. But I don't go so far as breakfast at Birch's, and goingoback to the office at two. But can't we say this day week ?P" "It is absolutely inmpossible, Sir Gerald, aboolutely Impossible," replied Mrs Hill, drawing herself utip. "It isn't to be thought of for an instant. It's a kind of hole-ahd-corner proceeding that I couldn't think of countonancing, and.I am quite. uro, if Endalie looked at it In a proper spirit, that sh would agree with me. WVhy, it would bea scandal. What would your poor, dear mother Imove thouglit of sucehindecentl hste? Besaides,lwhat would everybody say, and wvlcatwould everybody thiuk of tie? They'dsay I didn't antto ie a proper breakfast. Besides, every. odcy's married by banns now, ani that takes three weeks at least, ani than there'd Endali's trousecau. A lady doesn't start on her Ihoneymoon, Sir Gerald, with a'I Gladstone bog and a lmndbox.. It couldn't be thought of for a moment. - And then there's a malid to Il engaged, if you're to live in Palris. Endalio wonld want a maid who spoke the langiageu;-and a highly respectable lady's maid who sp?aks French takes filding, let me toll you. They don't grow on trees. And then there are the' sottlcments.a I'm quite sure, dear Sir Gerald, when I've talked it over with Endalie, that sie will oe of my mind. There are a thousand and onethlngs to be taken into consideration tlhat you men know notlhing about. D you knoaw Sir Gerald," said Mrs 1ll1, dropping into a lchair and fnoning herself vitolently,"that. you have quite token my breath away P " But Gerald was full of persuasive eloquence. In his desire to win her over he almost made love to the old lady before Endalie's very eyes, ani he only desisted when Mrs Billl very roluctantly promised bim that ie sehould have a definuto answer within twenty-four hours. And then he stayed to dinner, and after dinner Endalle played and sang to him, and he found himself in the seventh heaven, and once or twice hIrs Iill Ieftthe two young peoplo alone. But she canio back all too soon for this ardent lover, and at lengtlt Sir Gerald took his leave, fooling in his heart of hearts that even a week was a terribly long time to arait. From this it will be concludod that Sir Gerald'Thaeenoy was very much in love indeed. "Give cue a cigaretto, my dear," said .irs Hill, "and let's talkitover. Nothing could have happened acore opportunely. thin worli one never knnowa what's going 1o turi ii,. and the rrspctoblb-loorleng handcuffs, Iay turn ip at any moment in air case. Bnut ones in t'ris, Ecidalin. and ,m ,,ried Ic hibo, it's a very different pa1u Of hieoes. Thoy might bog nie, nnd if they dlid, i'd do icy time, and you cold trust no not to split. knd neither MIihe ioan aor Ellen weoncl poech, bocaacse, you see, it'o sorthi their wbidic to be silent, anlt I'd st?n, to voq, I.naducie, juot as though Ivan realiy yotr aount, for yoii'Fo all 'vn got in lhe worl,l dcearnod I feel liken a icother to poe, and always have, for you're an ornnu icent to the profcssicini,aca gh'l that aicy roen:io tnioght be piuud of," " Dou't, aintd," sad Endalhe, "GDon't lake nic book to it, noon lI thought. I've dons with i~ for gocd aJat talc thank eod I Oh1 " sloe cried, as she burst into a flood of pessionato weeping, "Oh, that I could only tell himl " "Toll him, you fool?" cried the aider wsioman, cluetchi:lg hor wrist. "And what good woull that do, pray ? Noever trusta man. Hir looks upon you as a little betteo thran Iho angels. But once a man finds a woman out, it's all up with her, as you'll learn sooner or later. Why, my girl, if you wore to peooclh though you wero my very daughter, I'd think no moro of choking the life out of you than I do of throwint this and into the fire." And flinging the cigarotto from her, she suited the action to the word. "For wromon like youand me, Endalio there's no such thing as sentiment or romance. We've got to think of business. Wo've made our pile, we've got to stick to it. and there's no crying back and showing the white feather now. Do you know what it wold mean It would man toen yeoarso, ton years of the steel. You don't know what the steel is. my girl. I do. I've had the nails worn off mry fingers with picking oakuam. I've been fed on.skilly and done ioy turn in the darks, till it wasn't at prisoner they'd got, but a dann gorous m?l womuan.. ]Ifot would yor like to bow and grovel to thle femalo warders and be dressoed like a' guy. and have all your pretty ihtr clipped oil till you looked like one, and to have to clean your cell,an stitch and sow all day long if you worea goodtconduct woman, and to be proachee at and prayed at by the chaplain and the lady visitors, and to hlave to tue n'hypo rito for thle chance oflottqngua: good cone duct badge and sugar in your teaP No Eudalio, for the like ofyou and meothero's no turning back." But we must return to Mr Brown. hMr Brown ordered acarriage from th hotel and passed his afternon at time Swee Watersn of Europe, whore he admired the Trlrkish. Greek, and Armenian ladres, not i fes' of whom Rfavored him with a smile. Thousho dined. He ordered a magnum of Doutiz Gldermann '1,. and he askeod some of his American and English acquaintances to ioin him. Now there is something very seductive about a magnum of Doutz Geol dermonn.' 'It is a difficult soro of thing to refuse, particularly in a place like Con stbntinoplo, whore the wines are usuully more tmiscellaneous'than good. MIr Brown and his friends diecussed a second, nmagnum, and then,: fortified by coffee and liquors, they selliod out together to the Cafe FIon,just to havea look round, you know. And ior Brown and his friends groatly admired the Greek and Armeninn adioes with the big eyes; and the yellow complexions, the frll, ripes lips, rind the magnificent heads of Imir, whom they met there. saunterig'.about' on' the arms of their husbands, brother, or fatlrohers, and they agreed that' Peru was a very 'dressy place indeed, and that these semi-oriontal types of female beauty. clnad, in tl latest Parisian fasehions, thich'tliy saw in the garden of the afd Plon;-wero traly deligltful. And.perhaps the big, black, bhold, bright eyes seemed bigger rnd brighter and bolder because Mr Brown and his friends had had that second magnum of Deuta Gelderoian ; and they sat and smoked. and drcnk their mastica, as -Is the ctestom in Pere, at the little tables, and then some. body suggested that they should go up. stairs and have another little- flutter." Mr Brown was nothing loath; in. fact, he was particularly annious to have a " little fiuttor;' because, you see. Mr Drown woas an observant man. - -o had looked on the previous evening as lr Deteetive.Inspoctor Bender, and. as we know, nothing could escape the eagle eye of Mr Detective Inspector Bender. And he adfancied, nay, he was almost certain, that the rou lette, as played at the Cafl Plon, was not altogether fair and squaro. He lirad noted that when the prepondeorance of the monoy staked by the players was on the red, that black invariably won, and vie t ersd. And," thought M[r Brown,"if I were not on duty, I think I could rmake it rather hot for tlhat bank, because all a fellow would have to do would be to keep on betting small sums upon the colour on which least money was staked to win every time." But Mr Detective-Inspector Ponder, heing on duty. did not play. Ho hadl occasionally won or lost a perfunctory mnojidioh, but that was all. But now, Mr Bonder's official sielCO in Constantinople being finislhed, hle felt thlat Mr Drown, the tourist. had tlhe right to enjoy Irim. self, and being a good natured fellow, Mr Brown cnmunicatoed Iis brilliant idea to the two friends who had accompanied' him irom the hotel, and all three watchod the game for awhlile, and camet to the conclusion tshat the ingenious Mr Brown's theory was at correct one ; and, perlmaps because human onaturo is human nature, all three men had a "little flutter." They could not "go for" very largo sums, becauso if they had even ecqualinod the two colours then'the theory of course wouldn't work. 'But the three mowent steadily on with five- franc pieces, occasionally popping on a Turkish lira, and they almost always won. And Mr Blrovn and his friends, in some twenty minutes, had made quito a nice little thing of it; and while they were ro juoicing and pulling off couap after caus, and usteias Mr Drown, the tourist. had whispered under his breatli to his frionde. This is the sort of game a follow doesn't got tired of," anelectric beollwas suddonly sounded three times in succossion,. and thonthore was the noise of a struggle, and the oleetria light became suddenly turned ont, and the whole place was in total dark osee for an instant, and everybody seemed to be scrambling for the money upon the tables, add men began to hit out right and left. Anud Mr Brown, the tourist, felt that somobody had grasped him round the waist. But' he shook himself free in an instant, sol?od a chair, and managed. by using it as a club. to keep tie crowd off him. And then the big door of the room wasrr openet suddenly, and three Turkish offcers entered the place, followed hy a crowd of amEtiehs, bearing lights. l'Iuo scene was a rather startling one. The greater portion of the money wlllch had lain upon thIe various tables lind dis appeared or beoon scattered upon the floor. The head eroupier at the roulette table oas struggling wildly for the possession of a blg stoee csh box wlhich contained the 'bank of'which he was'in clharge, with a hoarded Greek of ferocious aspect who was kneeling upon his chest. 'ho dealer at thle faro table, an oily-looking Armenian, was comfortably seated beneath it. nursing his cash box' as tlhough it hadl beoon a' lIby, whilo in another corner of tie roor was a little struggling knot of nome half a dozen persons, all of whonm ehad laid violent hands upon the smalrl steel bon which contained the hank of the trente-et qrraunto table, and wore all pulling different ways. while thIe croupior. whose faco had beeoos severely crt and was hloed. intog profuseoly. was lying upon the ground shrieking .for help, antli hanging on valiantly to the iron box by one Ihandle, acting as a sort of sheet anchor to it. 'Onu of the Turkish officers addressed thIe crowd in Turkish, and another made a little speech in French. "Gentlemens I" cried the lartter. "Any one found to have been using a weapon will be dealt with very severely. Yore must all consider youraolvol orur prisoneros Rosistonce is rutterly useless, rned I deehlro this illicit gamhling osthblilohmnt' olosel by order of His Exeollency Pertoki. lt'esha. Minlstor of-Polieo."r Three of the naptlehs nou advancd. and ooh'naun ca.rrled a seck. Into it throy thrust the retrlotto wheel, the pantoel cover of the fare table, and tho doaling boxn and tIe cans and the scoring hoard need at the game of tronto-eutquaranto. nad the three iron Imoos tlhat contained tire' money ,of the shleinistrutlonj and then tlhey proceeded to pick up! tie coins aud hunk notes with which the floor wro strewn. ' - And then tlse oropirapr,"kbanors,'and eurVasts of the adorirnistrtion,, laving reoen previously srarolreel, wers orniorod t1 leave thle pleae, They were, of corrso, all well known to the pollee, and there was no likeloololthu e nIther rn ing away.' - The Frenoh-speaklng oflcer of police now seated himself at one of the tables, and produced a portfolio, and one by one took tho names and oaddrosse of all present,,To those inhabitants of Pern with whom he was acquainted he gave a friendly nod. Ono or two of the players were ignominiously marchod off by the zaptiohs. Wihon it cama to the turn of Mr Brown, the tourist, and his friends, they gave their address at the Hotel do Byzanco, and produced their passports. said the polite Turkish police omcr' "Gounbling Is, os you are possibly u arowne, lllewal, andwe have to make thcse little raidsoccasionally. Good evening!" IMr Brown and Ihis tio friends congratu lated each othier as tlly walked back to the Hotel do Byzance. "I think we air uncommonly well out of it, don't you, uir?" said one, a big Yankee, addressing Mr Brown. "I guess if one of thom critturs Ihac laid hands on me, I'd have haul.to show hin wcat-we mean by 'gonging' in the State?: tec markablo country, Turkey, sir; That's' what tley do. They forbid play- by their tows, and thcon tlhey ietly proceed to wink at it, and thlre or four times a year the police people just raid tice Cafd I'lon as you have soon. to-nigct, and some poor devil or other gets six montlhs' iehprison. meet as a warcni g, while the rest of ecs air allowed to march out witih the honours of. war, and as for the' spondoolies,' they air a perquisite of thie police people. That's tice system. It's '?cet a rotten ecuntry. Yal,:hCrO we air at th ho-tel. I glaesd we had bettorliquor and retire, for we ain't presentable. iIy coat's been ripped np the: back, and your collar, Mr Brown, seems to have been torn out by the roots. But that was "a noble system, sir, yeou in vented, and we owe you a deep ldebt of giratitood. - am in this city on business for several months more, and shall exploit that systemof yoeus. Tlcey'll play j?st as usual to-morrow night you know. 'Blt to cmorrow morning our names will hc iu tice Leesant leralH, and we'llall got an adver. tisaomont for nothing." "Didyo6u get robbed ?" asked MIr Brown, the tourist. "'Wal, no," said thie Ameorican, "I dlid not, sir. They tried all my iock-ets except the sly one of the pants. Tilet was were my dollars were/'" "I was lucky enough to keep my win nings." "So was I, oexclaimed' the third man. And than the parties cailed for wliskies and sodas, and went quietly to bed. When 'Mr Brown was undressing, hIe found that, thoughh.his money and his watch were perfectly safe, this little packet containing thie two coloured diamonds had disap peared. s IMr Detective~unspmtor Bander swore a grait oath. "Tlat's hI stroke of black bad luc'c I" lie cried. "Perhapsiteaschaenco. Perlaps," he added," MUr Elias, the Jew, was a smarter man than 'I gave shim credit for Ibeing. HInleiny have ?nelt a rat. lf ihe took tice stones he won't send aKoja Artoon to ask for tie money. In any ease. I'll be off by tie Orient Express, and I'll just leave tice value of thie two gesos with the Consulgeneraml. Bunt I'll bring it home'te Mcorooni RIaccoldi and their friends yet, or I'm a Dntciman. Why, I've acntually lihad tihe stones in my possession, and I can prove the fact by just bringing eves that old Armenian broker to Bow Street." Mr Inspector Bonder left, as ice had de terminerd, by thie Orient Express, afts? a short visit to the Consulate. And Hoja Aratoon was considorably astonished that Elias, the Jew, rnado no application to him for payment. "Hlie and tice Eonglshmen nmust have squared it in soe way," hIe thought. "Anyhow, I've been done out of my com mission." (To be Continued. 