CHAPTER II. The mosquitoes and Bttndflies made the verandah unbearable, until Tom fixed up nets to keep them away, and the family party lounged in easy chairs round Eric and Winnie, who -were the oontre of attrac tion. Harold was not there, bb lie said that " the new calveB needed all hie attention just then." " It is two yeais since I first mot Eric. It was when I was in London, and be was a sailor. We met often, and at last he stayed at my uncle's country house. The last week of his leave came and you go on Eric," said the blushing girl. " Well, we were very much in love, but I would not ask Winnie to marry afellow aB poor as I was, ro I went to sea without saying a word. But it was a case of ' (rue love,' for the way did not run smooth; but you see, when I met Winnie cantering along here, I was eo taken aback that 1 nearly let her pass me by. Well, girls, congratulate mo, the long deferred question httB been aekod and answered, and I am eo happy." There was much hugging, inauy good l wishes, and much surprise at this romance1 in thoir usually quiet lives, j Two hearts aebed with disappointment i that night at Craigendowie, for Uarold and Edith Anderson had both in-1 nocently enshrined an idol that had to be oast down and trampled on. Edith grew pala and restless end her father wanted (o send tor. :awaf, ,but she would not leave the plaoe whore .he could see Eric day by day. Harold was wise enough to .wrench the foundations of his idol away when it fell not to be built again, and went to an out station as overseer. One Sunday morning Erio and Winnie had just ridden over and sat down under the cool green leaves of the bananas to rest. Tom had gone for a volume of Tennyson belonging to Erio. " I wonder if you have oarei for any other girl since you last saw ate t" " No," decidedly said Eric, " you ere the only one whose photo and letters I have kept for b single d&y.; Is that what yon want jao to say, Winifred," " You dear boy," was all she replied, an8 Tom's roturn stopped further remarks, " Was 1 long enough P" he inquired. « I muddled round your room looking at pictures and things, thinking yon would liko to be alone a bit I" " Thank you, Tom; you were not a hit too long." And oil he went with a wafted caress to Winnie. " Let us read the farewell between ] Arthur end Quinevore,£rio; how coald shej deceive eo great a man f Why did she, pretend to lore bim? It was an insult" " Ybb, Win; there is no greater insult than that. Do you know, those words, . I oould not love thee, dear, eo much, loved I not honor more,' are juBt the beet rule of life I know." 1 The book clipped to the ground, and from the open leaves fell a photograph face upward. I It was the faoe of Edith Andorson. ! Winnie's heart nearly stopped beating as she pioked it up aud read on the back, | " To my dearest and best friend, from! Edith." " Oh Erio, Eric, how could you, after all you have said, Erio Olive, I did not think you oould do this," and sho sank back crushed tai tearteiok, for everything pointed to hit faithlessness. " Winnie, darling, it is all a mistake, I cannot think how it got there, really " " Stop, do not make matters worse. 1 suppose you never read4 Tennyson' frith her beside you-never cared AC. her, never " " I never did, I swear I. -'. " Don't, let me go Mr, Olive, I did believe in your words once, but now you eeem to lie eo easily that truth must be quite a novelty. Good afternoon," and ehe walked wearily away, Edith passed soon after, and seeing Erio with his head bowed on hie arms in an attitude of utter distress, Winnie walking stiffly away without her hat, and the photo, her photo, lying beside the book, guessed alL But forgive her, she was young and fair, and eared for a man who | loved another. She went by unseen and did not give Erio Olive the letter from Mrs, Barton that would have solved the mystery of the photo being in his book. Winnie went home at once, and Edith offered no explanation, although Winnie's sorrowful eyes seemed to pierce into her mind as though to read some excuse for her lover's apparent! deooit. ?'If i cannot win him now they are: parted," thought Edith, " then I will toll I all, but at present he is mine as much as1 here. O, Eric Clive, why did I ever see you ; but I have my chance.'' About a month passed slowly by and four people were very miserable, all through a mistake. Perhups the moat unhappy one was the girl who felt that but for tho accident of a photo slipping into a book, and a few laughing innuendoes from a friend, she would not have slopped from the pedeBtal of true, pure womanhood, an she know she had done. A few words iimn her and two people would be inlonaily liappy, and she would be far, far happiur for doing her duty, cvoli if it cost her a little Buffering. Pride helped hor, for slip know where Eric's heart was. Just .an Edith arrived at thiB conclusion a lsoi=e galloped wildly past her window, and BIjo looked up wondering who could bo riding1 like that. She ran ouUido, for the l:orro was liric Clive's, and it was lickrloss. "Tom," she called, " ltoubou, father, where are you all P" but hur vcice rocoived no reply. " Pocr old Cavalier, whore did you leave your mister?" and, as she stroked the shivering liorso with tbo itoam-Ikcked nos tril* and scared, dewy p.vib, she noticed for tbo first time that a tiny (rail of blood dropped from his shoulder. It Hashed through her mind in an instant that Eric must have been injured by one of the bullocks and thrown. Sbo knew j the fregjroited parts of the run, and follow ing th«nRil Cavalier bad left, nle todoaff, j supplied with stimulants and bandages, like the brave girl Bhe was. At last in a deep defile, where tho riiBh-j ing creek (oseed about between bouldcrw ] and log?, after dimpling over tho1 expanse of a meadow, she found Eric, Ap parently dead. " Poor boy," she murmured, as she put his head on her knee and carefully attended to a gash on his head. Then she saw his arm was badly hurt, and made a rough eplint,*aB all the girls had learnt to do when last in Brisbane. After pouring Bome brandy down Eric's tbroat ho half opened his eyes and whispered faintly, but so tenderly " Winnie, it is all tight now, dear," and closed his eyes contentedly. Poor Edith, how hor heart ached. After all her struggle and brave help elie was not to be appreciated, lie thought only of Winnie. After making him as comfort* able us possible she knelt beside bim one moment and kissed him ouoe- only oncc and so one would ever know-he would think it was Winnie. She rode off to Winnie's homo to fetoh her to stay beside her lover while she got help. At the "Valley" all tho men were out but one, BO while Winnie went to Eric Edith hurritd round to get men and a stretcher. Bofore the girls parted Edith told the Btory of the missing photograph, and how the had been tempted, saying " Winnie, will you forgive me for not speaking before? Indeed, he has never made love to me." " Yes, dearie, I fully forgive, for I know he .loves me, but " " Even the beet of friends are jealouB over a man," smiled Edith, even while her heart etill ached. " Yes, but I was very foolish, too." Help was soon prooured, and tbe hurt man waB taken to the " Valley," as the nearest place to the eoene of the acoident. The invalid progressed favorably with tho aid ] of l)r. Jackeon, Edith, and Winnie, and the convalescent days were very happy ones for the lovers. Edith told Eric what Mrs. Barton had eaid in her letter about the picture, and he replied, " To be sure, what & fool I was. .1 rccolleot elipping.the photo into a voluui? of < Tennyson' to mark a favorite part of Winnie'e and mine." " Will you forgive me, Erio," asked Winnie, " for doubting yon." " Only on condition it never oocure again," he said with , snook gravity. " What a fortunate acoident this was, for I meant to go right away without asking for any explanation." " You Billy boy to think I oould cease loving you. Eancy all this trouble through ? a missing photograph.' { the literary world seems threatened with another controversy on the subject of the author ship of the " Letters of Juntos." The last tine that the matter reoeived one of these periodical stirrings up, t* which it hat been liable for over a century, was some 80 years ago, -when fresh light waa thrown upon it by the minute observations of ft greatezpert in handwriting, who had examined the Junius manuscripts. Bis testimony did not aid much towards the positive identification of the famous politics! writer, but at any rate it was rather destructive of one claim for whioh pre viously there had been rather strong evidence. It was to the effect that the handwriting of Junius was not, as had often been asserted, the handwriting of Sir Philip Francis. It has now been suggested that Gibbon might have been Junius-if it is not indeed the repetition of' a rumor whioh was current in the historian's own day, and wbiah included his name among the many which were associated with tbe authorship of the mysterious epistles that so excited the curiosity of the English-reading world. In like manner the notion that the greet Earl of Chatham was " Junius " is being mooted again, a notion which, on the whole, is more credible than that which would identify the celebrated correspondent of the PUBLIC ADVEBIIBEH with the author of the " Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire." Aatley's Amphitheatre, London, lately Sanger's Circus, is about to disappear. It dates from the last quarter of tbe 18th century. Its originator, Philip Astley had been a trooper. Ue first opened a sort of riding sohooL A service whioh he happened to render Oeorge III. while on horsebaofc procured him a licence for equestrian entertainments, to which others of a partially dramatio character were added by-and-bye. The establishment during Philip Astley'* lifetime was twioe burned down, lie died in 1814, and was succeeded by his eon, who in turn yielded his sceptre, or rather his whip, to DucrowJ who after long " witching the world with noble horemanship, took his final gallop with the rider of the pale eteed in 18*1. The novels of Dickens and Thackeray -as may bs eaid of most of the light literature of the first half of this century -contain many allusions to Astley's. One of the most noted of all its productions was " The Battle of Waterloo," with Mr. Gomersal as Napo lson. To people.of this generation the name of that once-distinguished monsjroh of the Bswdust will be faniiiiif only through the medium of the yet-unforgotten "Bon Gaultier Ballads,"where he is introduced in a clever imitation of the ring ing stances ot Lookback's translations of the ancient Spanish ballads. " The Midnight Visit" of the ghost of Napoleon to Lord Castlereagh ends, it may be remembered, with the ghost dropping a paper and vanishing \--H< panel throagfc tt>a6eor M Was It a phantom, or a mail was standing on the floor f JLnd eoald that ta tbe Emperor that moved before mj vesf JUi.jea, too enre ft waa himself, for ban the taper ilea t" Wttn trembling hand Lore Gastlereach undid the mratlc goyill. With gluey essayed to ret ft, tor to* was on bit What'shero-" At Aitlay'f trexjiiight, the pUjot oow*a Fall 1' Hepolaen, for the thousandth time, tor M*. QomersaL* 1 