INTERCOLONIAL MATCH. SEW. SOUTH WALKS r. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. A Grout Game. Turner's Grand Bowling — Iredalo, Darling, aud Hill Score Centuries— To bo Finished To-day. FIRST DAY— Feidat, Febrtjaby 28. When the South Australian toam arrived from Melbourne on Wednesday tho day was very dull. The morning had beon wet, bnlr tho afternoon was fine, so that the Whcatfielders lout no time in visiting the cricket ground. The practice wickets were froo from water, hut tho pitch iu tho centre of the ground bad nearly an inch on its BUrfaoo, und as clouds wore banked up on the South tlio prospeots then of an onjoynhlo match looked far from bright. Tlio mon loosened their muscles atthe net*. Thursday, however, was free from rain, and Friday dear, bright, and warm, and alto gether a lovoly day for cricket. The toss of the coin was watched eagerly, and when George Giffen won it thero was a linger ing hope in the New South Walos camp that ho might bo tempted to ncud thorn in. Tho wicket; bowover, was iu grand order, the grass all over the ground shorn short, aud New South Wales accordingly had to go in the field. Tlio sight of tho ground just now was flimply beautiful, the raius having given a bright freab look to tho grass. The seonug-hoard was also beautijiod by a few biU of ornamen tation, added since the Victorian match. Uowevor, to the cumo. Lyons and Loak, affording a ptrong contrast in phyaiu.no, wore tho pioneer batsmen. M'Kibbiu opened with a powerful wind behind him from the Eand wiok end. Lyons cut the first ball to the third man, and should have had an easy run, but his partner did not respond. The Booond ball rfiauc«d to Coningham in the slips. 1—0—0. It waaa weak stroke, still nearly everyone on the ground sympathised with tlio big man, who Euems to be quite out of luck and form. This was a disastrous opening for the visitors. Giffen followed, and after a few more ovors had boon oarefully played by tho bntiuuan. Turner bowlod Leak, who tried to get a straight ball to leg— a very bad stroke, yut it was evident the younc batsman was a shade nervous. 2—0—0. This looked very ominous for South Australia, for be it known tho wicket was perfect. Darling joined Giffon, and at onoo began to make thingo merry. He hit Tumor to the fence threo times in one over, playing superbly from the start. il'Kibbin. however, kept tho batBiimu steady at bis oud. At 3i ho got rid of Qiffen, who tipped a fast one, and was splendidly caught in the slips by Coningham. The 'Wolnlnnon in tho field wcro delighted at the downfall of tho mighty Giffieu. 8—11—31. The apeotators by this time, however, began to think there was soinotbiug wrong with tho wicket, but tbo partnership of the two loft haudors, Darling aud Hill, soon disabused their minds. Darling forced nmttora, Hill played with more oare, aud both ran botwoou wickets exceedingly woll, rarely missing an opportunity of stealing a notch. Darling drove Turner straight on to the seats near the sight board nt tbo tennis ond for 5, the bail bounding back. This hit drawdown tlichouuo. Turner now met with a good deal of puuish mout, ro Callaway was callod up to bowl, and iunt beforo tho liinahoan adjournment Couing liam delivered an over from M'Kibbin's ond, but tho batmuon rbmaiued uimoparatod. Tho score was 73, Darling 41, and Hill 18. In the afternoon the batsmen fairly collared the bowliug, and shaping grandly, scored runs at a bouhU rmoe, Darling showing ospooially Hun form. He hit one ball from Turner almost right Hoross tlifl. fcouuio courts — a lovely drive — aud poppurod the bowling hotly on all side;. M'Kibbin was tho ouly bowlor who quietened him, but ovon he did nut trouble him. Hill's play waB really fine, but Darling's was so dashing that for the time being the young batsman was overshadowed. Neilhor scorned to tiro in the least, and with 150 up, and Dar ling, vory adjacent to the century, thoy wore just as keen after short singles as ut the start. Coningham and Callaway were unable to separate them, so Walters tried for one over to accomplish that feat. Every one of his first five balls was scored from, Darling pluoing three figures to his credit through spnukiug one of them. The obeore wore vory Instyf The score was now 164, und Darling's 100 had been made in 2 hours aud 10 minutes. Hill bad juBtpassud the half century! Things were growing vory blaok for New South Walos, ho Captain Garrott after one over by. Walters took tho ball himself just before 4 o'olook, and iu his second over got a fast oue past Darling, whoso stumps rattled. The South Australian had played a beautiful innings for 121, and was only 2 hours 49 minutes at tho wickets. His driving was vory powerful, and his cutting ooul'd not have boon exoolled, the ball travel ling like a shot from tho bat. Iu foot Darling put the wood oil with great rigor on all sides, and fairly won tho hearts of the people by his fine aud faultless' display. He did not give a chance, although one or two of hie drives went vory olose to the fieldsman on the off side. Ho and Hill put on 169 runs for the third wiokot, and completely ohanged tho drooping fortunes of South Australia. 4—121 —203..; :.....;. ..' ';..:.. - .. '?'?': . , Hill had made 71 dt the adjournment, the total boinj{203. The young. loft-handor was accompanied by lloodtnan to the wicket, and ho at onco commenced to make big stops in tbo direotion of tbo century. Iteedman, who iu usually a busy butsman, merely played tho bowliug, whilst Hill delighted the spectators with his olever placing aud gouerally artistio play. He went on with greater zoat than be fore luncheon, driving powerfully, outting neatly ,aud log glauoing very prettily. Coning- ham had troubled. him onoe or twice earlier in tlio day with the fast bull, but lie now spanked the ex-QuoonBlanderV faat ouos with evident reliah. The bowling was changed quiokly, Turner, M'Kibbiu,. Callaway, »nd Irodale.all trying to atop- Hill's oareer. But ho was immovable, and now bent on scoring as fast as Darling had done. - He quickly exceeded tbo century, aud without waiting for, a broather went on in dashing and fuultlosfl stylo. Whou he had passed Darling's , 121 tbo colt was cheered with a gusto that drow a remark from an Adelaide man that the Sydney people were impartial. Koodman, aftor a patient display, got into doublo figures, and although he shaped well, was apparently, unohored, so brilliantly was his companion batting. Throe. men wer^ plaood to, tho on' side to prevent Hill getting runs from the drag and tho glanco, but ho got thorn all tbo samo. In oue over ho glauood a ball ologantly to fine leg, dragcod the noxt to extra niid-on, drove the -third. playing back hard to long-on, out; tha fourth beautifully, drovo tho noxt graudly to tbo off, and the last ball he hit square with the wicket on the off side - Soino of these strokes woro fielded, but thoy showed that Hill has strong command ovor moro strokes than vnout batsmen of great repute. The fifth wicket added 89 runs, and tbou Rocdmau, who had mado only 17 of thorn, was bowlod by a fast' ouo from Coningham, Hill having then made 141, and the score standing at 292. The youug ouo oompilod 70 runs whilst Heodmau was making 17, the other two runs boiug leg-byes. 5—17—292. , F. Jarvis returned tho first ball — a fast ono — wide to Coningham, who, springing out, made a fine oatoh with tho right hand. 0—0 — 292\. Martin, one of the colts of the team, noxt appeared. Ho abapod ' quietly aud a trifle nervously until a few minutes to time, whon Coningham bowled him with a fust ono, just as everyone thought the pair would keep their wiokets inUot till 6 o'clock. 7— 9— S28. i Hill had mado 161, his biggest score in first olass ariokot, and the ovation he received at the oloso was spontaneous aud quite hilarionn. The members in the pavilion gave him an especially warm greeting. He gave not a olianoo, aud played perfoot cricket, his last 100 runs boing compiled by artistic batting that could aoaroely be overpraised. Ho is un doubtedly a great batsman, Coningham proved the most successful bowlor, his tbreo wickets ooBting only 55 ruiiB.' M'Kibbin bowled oxoolloutly, and during the long partnership of Darling and Hill kept up a really goo'dlongtb. His two .'rriokpta ooat 9(5 runs. Turner took one for 85, Callaway none for 33, Qarrett one for 29, and Walters none for 11. The New South Walos fielding was moderate, Coningham, Garrott, and M'Kibbin doing best. Gregory aud M'Kenzio rf ere muoh below their usual form. ';.. . SECOND DAT— Sathbdat, February 29. The match was continued on Saturday nndor equally favorable conditions. The Sydney Cricket Ground looked its brightest, and tho match drow a fnirly large number of people, about 13,000 in all, still the attendance hardly realised expectations, the coming big fixture no doubt keoping many people away who othorwise would have turned out to aoo the Australians figuring ou the field tho last time prior to leaving for England. The amount taken at tho gates was only about ^£570, but as tha game was likely to extend over at least two more days iu fino weather, financial expectations may yet be roalised. Tho visitors included Sir Edwin T. Smith, the Hon. C. 0. Kingston, and tho Hon. W.A. llobiuson, M.L.C., from Adelaide In the pavilion also were Messrs. J. V. Francis and P. S. M'Donnoll from Brisbane, aud O. J. Eady from Tasmania, the two named last having oomo to Sydney spooially to take part in. the test match. The public quite expected Eady and M'Donnell to indulgo in praotioe .during the luncheon interval, and not a littlo disappointment was occasioned by tlioir uou-appoaranoe. A. aou 'of Mr. John Gibson (hon. treasurer of tbo Association) having diod under vory sad oiroumstances, the flags on the ground wero all hoisted at half mast bs a mark of refipaot. Bynoatrotchof imngiuation can theoriokot shown during tho day be proporly summed up as equal to that of tho opening day. Tho biitting was muoh quioter, very little dashing play boing shown. The ground fielding, how ever, was very much improvod, tho visitors puttiug in better work in this respect than tho focal men. The arrangements on all sides woro excellent, the working of the scoring board by tho men in charge boiug perfect. The baud of the Naval Brigado helped to liven matters during the afternoon, otherwise things might have dragged wearily at timea. . Tho South Australian acoro stood at 326 for the loss of seven wickets when play ended on Friday. The wiokot was still iu a state of perfection, tbo fine weather having held up splendidly, despite black forebodings in the Sonth. The air wns dolighthilly cool, though tho sky was just a shade dull for an ideul'day in tbo eye of a cricketer, if perfoot for the spostntors. The desire to witness the re mainder of tho young South Australian bats man's famous innings had ovidontly taken po9sensiou of a great many people, since tbo muster at noon was quite excellent, and enough to make the Association and Ground officials quite happy. Maokeudoj the visiting 'stoomper,' a flue big man, .and' in this respect not altogether unlike hia Sydney name sako, accompanied .Hill (108 not out) to the vdoketB. Tumor aud Coningham took up tho bowling, tho latter from -the pavilion end. Mackenzie, who% liko Hill and Darling, bats left end, returned a warm one high to Turnor soon nftor starting, but tho chance was a Bhade too hot. Play was vory quiet for n, time, both bowiorfi findiug a good length, but eventually a couple of i's to Mackouzio brought M'Kibbin on in place of Couingliain. The Globo'truudler mixed Mackenzie up iu his first ovor, aud a littlo later took bin middlo stump with a lino' length ball. 8—19—358. Hill had now mudo 179, and with the advent of Jones to , tbo wickets began to snore with all the vigor that markod his dexterous display on Friday. Jones had a very strong appeal for log beforo unawerod in his favor from M'Kibbin's first ball. However, at 371, in trying to get 2 for a straight drive by Hill, the faat bowler' was run out, Donnan, with an admirable return, throwing the wicket down from tho outfiold. 9—5—371. -..'*?? ? . . ? Seeing Travors, alao a left- hander, shape awkwardly at M'Kibbin, Hill now made up bis mind to force mattera with a viow to roaohiue the second oentury before tho termination of tho innings. The onlookers were not Blow to note this, and applauded tho batsman very heartily for u couple of smartly-got runs. The people manifested a warm deairu to bou Hill achieve the great distinction of doublo oontury fume in Intercolonial cricket. With Hill In tho 190'3 TraverB skied Turnor ovor Iredale's head at third man, and tbo 'crowd heaved a heavy 'Ah' as the ball fell harm lessly to ' the : 'ground. Hill next drove M'Kibbin for 8, and now ouly roquirodthree more to oomplete his two hundred. Travors, liowovor, again skied Turner up towards Garrott, but tho ball went ovor tho liolda man's bead nt mid-off, and fell untouched. The following ball was out square to the fence by Hill, a tremendous roar from the assem blage signalising tho appearauoo of 201— tho same as Qroxory bad last year made against England — upon tho board opposite Hill's Iu tbo mombers' pavilion 'the 'hurrahs'1 were most emphatic, the people rising and giving full vout to their feelings in one terrific and spontaneous outburst. Garrott now took up tlio .ball, and soon afterwards Travors npooiied Tone up, to Turnor: at mid-off, the innings blosing for oxaotly 400 runs. : ' Hill carried his' bat out for, 206, whioh '» not only tho highest aeore ever made by a South Australian against New South .Wales, but tho bigheBt on record in any Intercolonial match againBt New South Wales bowling. Although not Hill's fn-at century in first-olass orioket, it is the first ho bos over made in an Intercolonial matoh, and it is likely, to long remain a very memorable innings. Finer all round batting has rarely ever boon Been on any ground. It in porfoctly nafo to say that at tho conclusion there was only one opinion amongst tho spectators relative to Hill's omission from the Australian Eleven. His masterly display was a revelation ; in faot the large, variety of strokes he has at his oom mand were oxeoutjod with such oaso, neatness, and ooolnoas, aa woll aa vigor, as to oroato tlio impresaion that ho must henceforth take rank equal to any batsman in Australia. Hill was at the wiokets only fivo hours ani four minutes, and did not give tho slightest chanoe. The previous highost individual aaoro mado againat N.S. WaleB is Goorgo Giffen's 205 at Adelaide iu 1893. TueSouth Auatralian captain was among tho firat to hoartily congratulate his young comrade, who was reooivod by the members of his team on returning to the dressing-room with throe oheers aud a rollick ing ohorua. Hill's best prorious sooro aud only othor oontury in first-class orickot ia tho 150 he mado for South Australia againat Eng land nt the olofle of last summer, leas than twelve moiitha ago. ' ' Hill \vaebattingfor5hoursand4minuteB, and while ho was there 366 runs wore added to the scoro. The South Australian innings, whioh closed at 1.10, oocupiod 5 houra 47 minutes, so that tho run-gotting waa by no moans alow. The geuo'ral Holding of the Now South Wales team' was poor. Kolly, at the wiokets, waaa bright exception, and, aa (showing how alort and accurate ho was, it noed only be stated that thero is not one byo in tho huge scoro of 400\. Coningham and M'Kibbin did the bost work amongst tho othorB, aorao of whom wero very much amisa compared to their usual affeotivoness. Garrott, with two for 30, and Coningham, with tliroo for 65, woro the mont Buucessful bowlers. M'Kibbiu'a threo wiokets cost 124 runs. Turner's ono was oven moro expensive, 120 runs having boon got off bis bowling. M'Kibbin alono eoomod to troublo tho'batsmon, but Hill aud Darling punished thorn all alike. With a splendid wiokot, excellent light,- and everything oIbo iu thoir favor, it was fondly oxpeoted that the home team would put in some fino batting during tbo afternoon. And the admirable start by Mackenzie and Don nan quito prepared the onlookers for some thing good, later on, but in this they wero disappointed. Jones and Jarvia led off with the ball for the vioitorn, it beiuir at once noticed that Jones bad altered his delivory somewhat, so muoh that there is now a strong suspicion of a throw about it. Don nan was the quiokor to soore, but Maokonzie soon puaaml him, Jarvis proving tho oaslor bowler to uegotiate. Thoy increased tho sooro to 41, and then Giffou took tho ball at Jones' end, and sent the latter to roliova Jarvis, off whom no fowor than 30 rnnB bad been made. Buns oamo at a nico pace by oxaollent aud vigorous crioketon tho part of Maokonzio. iicedman relieved Jones at 78, Maokonzio having mado a few sweet glanc.oB at the oxpense nf the fast howler, who had, howover, kept runs down well, only. 20 runs having boon scored from him as against 53 from Giffou and Jarvis. Maokonzio, honover, now drove Beoduian very hard and straight into tha long field, where Martin went for tho catch. The fieldsman got tile ball into his hands, then it bounded away, but springing round, Martin securod it again, and Muckonzio was out aftor an attractive display. It was a fino catch. Ho wns batting 66 minutes for his 4& runs, and mot with a. warm obeer on retiring. 1—45— 81. Donnan was badly missud1 by Darling off Giffeu at mid-off 'immediately Iredalo joined him, his scoro then being 31. Keoduian, who had performed his mission aud taken ono wioktt at a cost of 6 runs, was now relieved by Jouos. Donnan oponed out with moro vigor, and tho century went up at 8.50, but theuco till 4 o'clock play wao oxtroinely quiet, the total being 106. The interval had a disastrous result for Donnan, as soon aftor starting Jouos dis arranged Mh wiokot with oue that glided off tbe natsman'rt pad. 2-48-103. When Gregory joined Iredalo tho latter had ' mudo double figures by eorroct, if somewhat oaroful, batting. Gregory oponod his account quiokly, and as ho wua shaping admirably visions of a big stand between tbo two batsmen who scored so well against Stoddart's team began to form in tlio minds of tho onlookers. Grogory, how ever, was rather anxious to get ruua quickly, so aftor making 19 in good etylohii jumped in to Giffon aud gave Loak a fairly oasy oliahoe near tho sight-board, but it waa dropped. Giffon thus had two practically eaay oliunues missed off his bowling, but he took the bad luck with a good-natured amile. Travoi», a slow left-hander, now relioved Jones, and ho booh bagged Gregory's wicket. Tlio littlo Sydueyite jumped iu to a slow, ono, well pitched, missed it, and wns neatly, though easily, stumpod by 'Muokouzie. 3-22-152. Irodalo had now mado 31. A foaling of disappointment pervaded tho speotatora, Grogory having practically thrown bis iuuiuga away just as evoryuuo was expecting something good trom him. ?Walters, who followed, started with kin usual care; but Iredalo uow infused more life into his batting. The score was taken to 175 bdfore Watlera was out l.b.w.'.in trying to get Giffpntolog. 4—6—175. IrodalohadjuatpiwHeJ Mackenzie's score. Coningham next appeared. Tho left- hander wna given a splendid recep tion by tbe people in the outer rexervo. Like moat of his prudooosHors, he ; oponed for a couple of overs as if feeling his way, making imaginary strokes at Jones' oil' theory. Irodale meauwhilo roachod the half-century. Coningham, however, suddenly dovoloped a dosiro to Hooro faster, aud jumping iu to Giffen at 191 missed tho hall, juntas Gregory had doue, and was ousily stumped by Mac kouzio— it was a reckless' sort of stroke. 5— C— 191. Irsditlo'u sooro v.-as 58 when Kelly joinod him. The pair plnyod on till 6 o'olook, tbo sooro standing at 205 for tho loss of fivo wiokots, Iredalo has 69 to his credit, mado without an orror in his usualoxcolteut style, thoimh with 'a shado less vigor than customarily. Kelly ban made 8 not out, but was robbed of four1 through a hard log-hit off Gifi'en striking tbe visiting umpire (Mr. llceves) inside the kime with great lorou. The bowling of Jonoa (ono for 55) and Gilfeu (two for 83) was excellont, thu latter experiencing very bud luck. Keodman and Travors were vory suo oessful asobuuijoB. Tho ground fielding of the South Australians was first-class, and ilno kunzie took wiukots ably. THIBD DAY— Mondat, March 2. In Autumnal woathor play was 'resumed ou Monday. No rain had fallen since the suspen sion of the game, although on Saturday an occasional gathering of clouds in the South lookod throatouiug.- Public iutorost in tbo match was incroaaed rather than diminished by tlio eventful innings of Hill aud the really capital commencement of the early Now South Walo3 batmuon. Accordingly tho attendance was fairly numerous for an off day, by no moans a small percentage iu the Btr.uds boing ladies. Before starting play P. S. M'Donnoll praotisod with .the teams, showing fairly good form on a wiokot that playod low. The day's crioket was deuidodly brighter than Saturday's, the baiting of tho Welshmen biting vigorous aud attractive. The form of tho men all round waa ' roally good, and the splendid stands by Irodalo and Kelly (119 runs for tbo siith wiokot) and Iredale and Tumor (31 runs for tho seventh wicket) quito delighted tho spectators, who woro lavish iu applauding tho batsmen. Irudnle oxoullcd himself, beating all his own records iu Brat-class criokot, aud when ho waa eventually brilliantly caught at abort-stop for 187, made in four and throe- quartor hunra, there was a feeling of disappointment abroad that be had ' not buen rewarded with the distinction of doiiblo-oentnry fame. Iredalo 69 and Kelly 3, the not out batsmen, made a splendid stand. The bowliug, which, to speak truthfully, was uncommonly loose, was pasted about ou all Bides. Headman howled tbo opening ovor— a maiden— and tlioii Jones relieved him, Giffen going ou at the south end with the breeze. Tbe South Australian cap tain was a ahudo too strong, and Rent doivn several full tosses, which woro prolilla of runs, tbu batsmen peppering thorn to square lag with ovideut glao. Iredale hit ono of those over thu fouce ou to the terraoo iu front of the new stand. Whou bia scoro stood at 88. and ho was batting strongly, Giffeu missed the Aus tralian representative deep iu tho slipa, off Jouos, the ohanco boing an easy one. Iredalo added 2 off tbe noxt ball, making his acoro 90. Over . 100 runs had now boon BOorod from Giffen, who' had seeurod only ono wioket. Ho pro aontly came in for severer punishmont than over, and at 12.32 Irodalo placed tho century to his oredit. He then hit Gilfeu for throo 4's' iu ono ovor. With 203 up, the South Auatralian captain, having takon ouo wiokot for 124, enjoyed a apdll. TravorB and Jarvia wore now bowling, but tbo runa came jUBt us fast as ovor, Kolly shaping admirably, and ably seconding Iredale. Tho latter passed Dar ling's Booro at 12.50, 12-1 boing aooroditod to him after 3h 15min batting. Ho had siueo the resumption of play made 55 ruus in 50 minutes. The batsmen took tho score on to 300, and had tha bowlers and field fairly baffled, when Kuoduian, who had previously taken oue for 6, waa oallod up to bowl for the third time. Kelly jumped out to his uooond ball, and liftod it on to tho fence at long on. Two balls later ho triad to repeat the stroke, but got under the ball, and Bkiod it into tbo field in front of tho pavilion, where Darling took a capital oatoh. Kolly playod an excellent and highly serviceable innings for 37, and aaaietud Iredale to put on 119 runs for the sixth wioket — the biggest stand of tho innings. Iredalo had now mado 139, and a few minuloB aftor Turnor joined him he exceeded his previous boat acore iu first-class orioket (140 againat England at Adelaide). . Turnor shaped neatly and in flood form until the interval, the Bcoro then Btauding at 330 for tho loss of six wiokets: Iredalo had 154 to his credit, 85 of which had boon mado in tbo hour and a half by splendid batting all round tho wioket. He was giveu a fine reooption at llio udjourtunont. In the afternoon tho attendance was greatly inornaned, and muoh outhumasui ovinood ut tlio spirited batting of Tumor and Irodalo. Jonos, Koodman, and fliffon woro all treated with soant oourtony, Turnor now boing tbe moro aggrosaivo batamau, without attempting anything Bonsatioual. In 45 minutes 01 runs were added, and then Tumor wan bowlod by a good one from Jonos, wbioh took hi» log stump. Ho bad made 40 of tha 81 runs put an for tho wioket in flrst-rate stylo. 7—40—391. Tim N.S. WbIod oaptain waa not long asso ciated with Iredalo, who had now mado 175 boforo tho big South Australian sooro was eqnallod. Garrott- played quiotly, allowing Iredalo to do the sooring, seemingly con tout with asaiating him iu atoallug a number of abort onoe. After passing the 400, the sight of whioh was energetically applauded, overy ono ou tho ground had his mini) centred on Irodale's total, hoping that, like Hill, ho would Burmouut tho seoond century. This, however, waa not to be, as at 412 ho snicked a fast ono from Jonos, whioh M'Konzio, standing back about 8yds, stopped. The wioket- koepor, after a clevor bit of juggling, finally held tho oatoh, having iu tho atrugirlo gone across almost aa far us point. Iredalo made 187, tbo biggest innings ho has over playod iu first-olass orioket. Ho hit twonty four 4's and ono 5, and played admirablo oriokot all through, driving, outting and log glauoing with equal effectivonoas, aud without lifting tbo ball. It was a triflo disappointing to tho onlookers that ho failed by so few runs to reaob the seoond oontury. He waa at tbo wiokols only il hours, und today added 118 ruuB iu 2J hours, which was fast onough to dolight tho spectators boyond measure Ircdulo's previous uouturios in representative orioket aro 101 against Viotoria, and 137 and 140 against Stoddart'a team. Iu looal Premiership matohea and othorB of greater note than ordinary olub orickot Irodalo Jinn mudo four other oentnrios Ibis year, viz. : 106 retirod againat Combined Country, 150 against North ,Syduey, 140 agaii'mt Burwood, and 124 againBtUuivernily. This ia the first oontury he haB evor made against South Australia, Ilia 91 in tho return match laat year being his previous bost. Callaway was not long associated with Gar rott boforo JonoB bowled him for 4. 9—4— 420\. The Now South Wales oaptain bogan to hit out hard when M'Kibbiu came in, but at 42S ho failed to get hold of ono proporly from Giffen; and was easily, takou at extra mid-oil by Jarvis for a noatly made 21. Ho got out in oudoavoring to knock up runs fast for the last wicket. Koedman, with two for 48, soourod tho bost bowling average. Hound Travers might have b'oou uaod oflenor as changes. The latter, who took one for 31, is a slow left-bunder, but lie merely tossed the ball out without any attempt to make paeo. Jones bowlod vory well all things eoiididorod, and secured four for 110. Giffen'a ihreo wickets cost 166 runfi, and although at times he howled well and experienced bad luck, his length waa scarcely up to his old form. Lyons and F. Jarvis, who oponed tho South Australian second innings, lost no time iu gotting to work. They piled up tho runa so fast that in ton-ininuetcH they had actually wiped out tho load of 28 onjoyod by New South Wales. Lyons opened against M'Kib bin, hitting bis second ball to the fouce ou the off beautifully along tho turf. The next he hit squsiror, Turner just Having the 4. Jurvis cut Uoninghain.to the fence, and then Lyons got two 2'« and two 4'a off M'Kibbiu. The pace of run-jott'iug now grew terrific. Lyons hitting M'Kibbin for threo 4-s.in tbu third ovor. Tbu onlookers kept up a oontinuul roar of applaimo, every htroku from Lyons, who had' not yet onco f»ued Coningham, being greeted huurtily. Off tho first aix ov.ra 49 riinii hud buuu made, 30 from ul'Kibbiu and 1!) from Coningham. The 50 waa hoisted aftor ouly uinotonu iniuutoa' play, Lyons having then mudo 39 and Jarvis 11. A minute later LyoiiH completed bis 40, driving Coning- ham hard to the fence. Ho was, however, immediately afterwards missed at deep mid oil by Garrott off Coningham from u. hard drive. Thou a niisfortuue betel South Australia. * Lyons drovo M'Kibbin between tho bowler and Cullawny at mid-on. Both batsmen followed up for the run, but Calla way cot back rather qniokly and stopped tbo ball u'.overly. Boturning to M'Kibbin, tho latter dialmigod a bail, and Jarvis was run out in omimivoring to gut back. 1 — 11—52. Tho paeo, in raoy parlanco, had boon a cracker, LyonH being, iu fine trim, batting with all bis old power, if bitting rather uppialily. Gifi'en joinod Lyons, who was, howovor, easily oaujht at third man by Dounau off Coningham at 57, hid 46 having tal'.en 25 minutes to oumpilB. 2—16—57. Darling and Giffon booaiae partners at 4.37, and play imniodiu.tely slowed down, thu bowling of M'Kibbiu and Coningham appearing fur less aimplu than it had whon Lyons was pounding into thorn. iM'KiVibin wai shortly altorwarda relieved by Coningham uhauging ends, aud 'Turner going ou iu the left-hander's plane at the tennis end. This change stowiiod the bat ting atill moro, and thereafter play wont along monotonously, ita- olmraoter now boing diametrically opposite to that during Lyons' tenure of tho oroases. - Darling, by capital batting, put up 32 of tfae 38 added for the. third wioket, but ut 95 he was nicely outight at extra lnid-off by Mackouzio off M'Kibbin, who had just gone on to bowl ngaiu. - Darling was just an hour at the wiokota for bin 32, and although he cer tainly did not foroo nmttora, played oxtromely well. , 3—82—95. Giffon waa batting longer than an hour for 3 runs, Turner- bowling sovoral maiden? to him iu splendid style. The crowd applauded Giffen ironically for bis careful play ; but llio crowd, it need hardly bo said, iu this wai rathor uelh'dh. Giffuu's thigh was stilt with a touch of rheumatism, and ho was forced to content hiinaolf with keopiug his wiokot intact against the capital bowling of Turnor, Coningham, and M'Kibbin. Hill joined Giffen at 5.40, and remained iu posaoBsion until stumps were drawn, tbe aooro Htandini; at 99 for the loss of tbreo wickets. Giffen was at the wiokots an hour and a half for 0 runs, and Hill 20min fur 2. The firat 50 ruus bad been put up in 19miu, but the next 47 took lh 3Gmin to-mako, Darling getting 32 of them iu an hour. M'Kibbin, despite thu HluugtiUriug ho uiidonvout nt tbe hauda of Lyons, bowled woll. His firat three overs cost 30 ruus, but his next ten overs were troaled respectfully, 13 ruua being got off thoin at tbo coat of Darling's wicket. Coniug haul's firat tbreo overa eost 20 runs, but he wound np with one for 41. Turner was iu good form, aB eight'df Iub thirteen ovors were maidens, and -only 6 ruus wore scored at bin expense. Tho N.S.W. fielding ' was vastly ! better .'tluur'ut any timo during' the .firat iuuiiiKS, Grogory, Turner, Coiriughatn, and' Dounan, as well as . Kelly, doing vory fino work. FOTTETH. DAT— Tdesdat, March 3. Tbo fat oa woro kind iudoed in allotting suoh beautiful weather for the match. It aeoms as if tho rain had purposely olearod off, aud as if the heat had modulated solely on aeoouut of tho viait of tho South Australians to Syduoy. Prior to their arrival every day was wet, the air was muggy aud oppressive, but siuoe last Wodnosday wo have oxperieneod the most delightful weather. Every night tho posai mlBtio onoa havo looked to the South, and ex pressed a doubt about the morrow, but ovory morning we have rison to behold a pure blue sky, to feel invigorated by the oloar orisp atmosphero, and to bless the fatoB that kiudly kept Buoh olmnniug weather for tbe match. May the same Bpoll continue, aud rainteua weather go ou for at least another week. Yesterday's was a rather romarkablo dis play of oriokot. Tho South Australians' bat ting on a porfeot wicket seemed to bo fairly ovorpoworod by Turuor's bowling. Thoy had throo wickets down for 99 runa at tho start, and the remaining seven wickete added 101 runs in tbreo hours, of whioh number Goorgo Giffen made no fewor than 52. The South Australian captain was severely handicapped through an attaok of aoiatioain tbe thigh, but bo played up manfully. Turner's bowling wus marvellously accurate He deliverod nearly twioo as many balls as either M'Kibbin or Coningham, aud, fairly rising to tho oooasion, accomplished a performanoo which, under similar conditions, even ho has rarely, if evor, oquallod. Ho actually took six for 35 off 260 balls. It waa one of the moat romarkablo bowling porformanooB on rooord, and Ib an elo quent refutation of tho opinion of tha good judgos who assort that bia utar has set. Tho Now South Walos batting, though livelier than that of tbo visitors, was somewhat alow, although Irodalo and Maokouzie playod froely. Jonoa bowlod graudly, aud oxperiouood ill luck. George Giffen aud Hill resumed batting very quickly against Turnor (Agricultural ond) and M'Kibbin. Tho bowling waa rathor aeeurato, and tho batsmen, oviucing no deairo whatever to foroo runs, things wont along vory slowly. Iu Giffon'n caso the oarefulnoaB of Mb batting was oomprohonsiblo, since the rhoumatiam or sciatioa had stiffened his leg, and loft him pruotically a cripplo, but Hill might oaaily have gone at the bowling with moro daab. Turner's length wus porfoet, and the batsmen playod him with groat oaro. After 35 minutes' play, and an addition of only 18 runs to the score, Hill tried to plaoe ons to the on with his favorito drag stroko, but misBod the ball, and wan oloan bowled, Turner meeting with quito a demonstration for the feat. 4-14-117. Hill had takon 55 minutes to make his runs. Gifi'en bad now mado 18, aflor 2 houra aud 10 minutes' batting, but ho ropoatudly loat the full value of his Btrokoe owing to hi3 inability to turn and run quickly. Just as Roadman joined Giffen M'Kibbin bowlod ono ovor, from wbiuh a few runs woro scored, and thon Coningham uamo on in bia plaoo. This was an effuotivo ohango, aa tho loft-bander bowled Koodnmu, who hit aorouH tbo ball, making an uubatamanlike stroke. 5-8-126. Tho prospeots of South Australia had now undergone a quick ohaugo, as with livo good wickets down thoy wore only 98 runs ahead. It was ratbor a trying tiino for a 'oolt liko Loak to come iu, aud it was not surprising tbat at thu ousot ho appeared somewhat norvoua, putting Coningham up twioo in the slips. Tho sooond one M'Kibbiu, springing out, mado an effort to natch with the. right baud. However, he failod to do ao, tho ball striking him ou tbe wrist, and giving him cou siderablo pain. Loak and Giffen thon played ou quiety till luncheon, tho scoro at tbo adjournment boiug 154 for the loaa of ilvo wiokets. Giffeu 31 and Leak 15. Turnor had bowled . 16 ovors and 11 inaidona for 15 runa aud a wicket ainoo noon. Altogether his 29 ovors cost only 21 runs. Just before tho adjournment it littlo diversion was oauaod by the ejection of a talkative goutleiuau, who porsittod in advising Goorgo Giffeu of Turner's excellence aB a bowlor, aud asking him to hit out. A couple of gentlemen in dark blue and whito duck pants aud holmels oaoortod him to tbo gate 'midst jeers, boohoos, aud cat-culls — thus tlio hero's exit. Giffon was oripplod, yot some of the spectators woro oowardly enough to ' talk' ut him. The battiug waa as quiet |as ovor after luncheon. M'Kibbiu bowled a couple of ovors, and then finding his wrist aore from tbo blow mentioned above, rotired. Turner changing from the south, aud Coningham going on tburo. At 160 Leak wus very noatly taken in tbe slips by Coningham off Tumor for 17, neatly made. C-17— 160. Giffou had 33 to his uredit when Martin joined him. The South Australian captain quickly added 10 at the oxpoiino of Coningham, running bin sido into the 40's. Coningham next sent down a very wide onu on the log, and although Kelly chased it across ho could not reach it, and 4 byes— the first agaitiitt Kolly— wuru recorded. Quick obuugoa were made in tint bowliug with out much uffeot, Turner riipeatedly Bunding down muidona. Onoi) llartiu played the latter uppishl'y past point, junt out of Walters' reach. Callaway ilelded the ball and threw it in along the turt, the baUmen sneaking a second, run while it was coming in. Giffeu reuobed 50 at 3.15 after four hours' batting, quito outdoing Bauiiernian for putieuoc. Martin got into doublo figures by .driving Garrotl to tbo ou for a couple. In the following over a splendid bit of fielding by Gregory nearly dismissed Giffiu. The ball was re turned fast from extra mid- off to Turner, .who failed to tako it, otherwise Giffen might have been run out. Turner at length got a good ouo past Martin, and fthattiu'cd his wicket after a nout innings for 13 runs. 7—13—193. Giffen, who had now made 51, was next joined by Muokeiizio. Turnov'H; bowlinir average was quite remarkable— 42 overs, 2(i maidens, 33 ruua, and 3 wickets. After Qiffon hud driven Gurrott for 2 M'TCoimo tried to drive Tumor hard to tbo of', but ho mis-hit it to Gurrott at imd-ofE, aud fell for a blob. 8-0-195. Jonas followed, and wus fairly bouton by llio fir,t bull, the second he swished to leg for a couple, tbe third ho played neatly, but tbe fourth and last ball of the, over upset bis wickot. 9-2-197. Tumor1', had now tho romurkable avurnge of fivo for 33 off 43 overs. Travora followed, and Giifou drovu Garrolt for a single. Travora and the South Aus truliun captain ouch repeated tbe stroke, bring ing 300 up. Then Giffeu juniped iu to Tumor for a hit, missed the bull, and way clean bowled, the innings oloBing for 200. Giffon had played a remarkably steady fame for 55 under conditions which wou for him the sympathy of moat people on the ground. 'Ho was four and a quarter hours' at tbe wickets. Turner came out with tho almost unparallolod uveruge of six for 35 on a perfect wicket. His oxaot figures are : — o. M. B. w. '43.3 25 35 6 He bagged four wiukets iu his last three overa, No one' could possibly have received a moro oordial greeting' than he got at the close. Coningham captured two for 68 and M'Kibbin 'one for 76, the former bowling extremely wall. The Holding of the N.S.W. team wus iirat olasa compared with thoir orratio efforts iu tbe firat innings, Gregory showing some of hia boat form, and Garrutt, Mackenzie, and Douuuu doing admirably. Kelly again kopt wiukom noli, tho 4 byes got being due to no fault of his. Having a lead of 28 runs on tlio first innings, New South Wales required 173 in ordor to win. The South Australians went into the Uold ut 4 o'clock, and wero snoii followed by Donnan aud Maokonzio. '-'.'-'tiiUen'tf leg ' wqb ao bad that be had to look on from tile pavilion, M'Kibbin going out to field temporarily while Ferris was changing. ' Keoduian' acted as captain in his ubneuuo. Jones led off in splendid style, aud fora longtime kudDounan iu difiieultiea. Tlio latter wub twico missed at short-stop by M'Kouzio.off tho fast bowlor. The ttrat five overs from Jones were liiaidoua, aud Douuuu played him so stroakily that the speotutors wore rolievod ovory time the South Sydnoyite got away from hia ond. Muckouzio played tho fust bowler with greater oaso, aud in faot shaped much butter all round than hia companion. Yet his namesake dropped a auick on tbo log aide from him. Jarvia also bowled vory well, but Maokouzio by pretty glaueua got him away to the fence twice in ouo oror, and tboii Travora reliovod him with 30 uu tbo board, only five of which hud been got from Jones. The South Australian wicket keeper having injured ' his baud now re linquished tho gloves in'favor of Hill, This ohaugo hud au effective, if unfortunate oud. Donnan slowly drovo the alow loft-bauder to extra mid-off, and Maokouzio rushed off for tho run, but Denuan remained anohorod. M'Keuzie (South Australia) fielded tho ball and. returned to Travors, who failed to take it. Maokonzie (New South Wales), howevor, had given up the ghost, and never attempted to get baok, with tho rosult tbat Jarvis, at mid-on, took the ball, aud with tbe utmost uugeutlonesB knookod tlio wicket down. This waa vory unfortunuto for Mac kenzie, who wan batting finely, showing muoh better form tbau Donnan, who did not appear likoly to laat any time. 1—20—30. Iredale and Donnan played on till 6 o'olook, the first-named shaping uttruotivoly, aud playing Jones with great skill. VarioUB obauges in the bowling were made, but with out offeot. At the finish the sooro waa 103 for the loss of ono wiokot. Iredale bus 44 to hia oredit, and has thua mado 11 runa more than Clement Hill. Donunn'a quota ia 83, and ho was. Bhaping muoh better towards tho oIobo. Scores: — 