On the Edge of a Plain. (See dllUiStraiLLon on this page.) Mitchell appears 4n several of ithe shoat stories in Henry -Lawson's "iWMle the Billy Bolls," just ?published by Angus and .Robertson. Mitchell ;is. .full .of iraniinlscences and plans ¡for Ithe future, and during a shoo* rest runder the aaulga shaide at it'he edge of a cottonbush plato he tells His mate about hits .return líeme. . " "Poured some water into the hollow." (Illustrating "At the Edge of the Plains" in Henry Lawson's "While the Billy - Bolls.") "I'd ¡been away ¡fnoini home Xor eight years," lie said. "I hadn't written a letter-kept putting lt: off-«and a blundering tool oif a fellow that got down the day before >rne told the old folks that he'd hoard I was dead." He goes on ito tell ibhe story, pausing occasion ally to taikeapull at the water-bag, light luis pipe, and chat about Ms .cattle-pup. He put his hat on ithe ground, dinted ;in the crown, and poured some water into the Siollow for the dog. "When I got iho.me they were all in mourning foo1 me. It was nigM, and the girl that opened the door screamed and fainted away like a shot. The girls cairne rushing down. Mother was so pumped .out that she couldn't get up. They thought ait .first .I was a ghost, and then, they all tried to .get 'holt ol' une at once-nearly smothered .me. Look at that pup! You want to carry a tank of 'water on a dry ©tretcfo when you've got a pup that drinks as .much as two ¡men." The family fell on his !neck generally, and kept watching hiim for fear that .he would clear out again. "At last I swore on. the Bible 'that I'd never leave home while the old folks were alive; and then imo'ther seemed ©asier in her mind." He rolled the pup over and examined its feet. "I expect I'll have to carry him a bit-his feet are very sore. Well, he's done pretty well this morniing, and, anyw-ay, he won't drink so much -when foe's carried." "You broke your .promise about leaving hoime," said his mate. Mitchell stood uip, stretched folimsel f, and look ed dolefully from his .heavy swag to the wide, hot, shadeless cotton-ibush plain ahöad. "Oih, yes," he yawned. "I .stopped at home for a week-and then they began to growl because I couldn't get any work ito do." 