%\\)t - ^t0qif£lkr. A WELSH PRINCESS. Br HEDLEY RICHARDS, Author of ' Tho Omerod Mystery,' ' The Dene Tragedy,' Ac., ic. CHAPTER XVI. DAVIS HUOHEB IS NKBVOL'S. The next morning she was intro duced to her other pupils — Christopher, or Chris, as he was callcd, a roguish boy of nine ; Flossie, a little sprito of Beven ; and Hughie, a quiet, thought ful child of five. G wen found thnt if she was to do her duty, her time would be fully occupied, and she was j glad that it was so, as it left her less | opportunity to brood over her troubles ; and she tried to do ber best in the place she bod so strangely stepped into. When a week had passed Gwen was getting quite accustomed to her new life, and very thankful to have found such a safe haven until tbe vicar returned to England, when she would appeal to bim. ller heart ached whenever she thought of Keith, and she longed to know whether he was living, but she dared not make any inquiries. She knew that the poor, disfigured girl had been taken to Wales, and buried with lier father as Gwendoline Ap Rhoes. The papers bad given a full account of the funeral, over which she bad smiled sadly, even while she pitied that poor friendless girl, whom .no one appeared to have missed. Sometimes she wondered if Marian Holdsworth believed that she was dead, and she concluded Unit, like the rest, the doctor's daughter would think tliut .-ihe had {vrisbed in tbe accident. However, in this Ciwon was mis taken, as Marian Holdsworth sttongly doubted it. She had heard that the liod v which was supposed to be G wen's bad' a fragment of ? a black dress attached to it, and she know that Gwen was wearing a brown dress of b6rs ; and this made ber even more careful to lock the dress which Gwen had discarded in a safe place. So far Marian hail not been sus pected of any complicity in her escape, and sho was now more convinced than ever that Gwen's talu was true, and that she had beon justly confined. Pricc Hughes had since his ward's reputed death visited the asylum and remained to dinner, and his intense satisfaction and veiled triumph when speaking of Gwen had been noted by the observant girl ; end she only hoped that Gwen was alive, nnd able, as soon as it was safe, to bring him to book for his villainy. But the Welsh lawyer was all un conscious of this, and did bis utmost to propitiate the doctor's handsome daughter, whom he admired so much that ou his return to Corwen ne told David that he intended iu a short time to ask her to become his wife. After tho charred body of tbo un fortunate girl supposed to be Gwen had been placed in the grave with Rowland Ap Rhees, tho uncle and nephew had come to an understanding, by which Price Hughes took all the money left by the farmer and the whole of tbe solicitor's practice. David yielded the share which he had inherited from his father, and settled down on the Manor Farm — a life he infinitely preferred — but he was not happy. Siuce Gwen's death he had hecome terribly norvous, and scarcely dared to move about tbo houso aftor dusk, be was so fearful of seeing the spirits of those ho had wronged. Then, again, he was tormented by a doubt as to whether tho body buried iu the church yard was really Gwen's. His unelo laughed at him and called him a fool. Al! tho same, David was miserable, a'd began drink ing heavily. Thus his never hand some face became coarse and bloated, while there was a look ot restless anxiety wbich made the country folks say Mr. Daviu had a bad look. There were two other people besides David Hughe*! who foil very doubtful whether the eirl who lay buried with Rowland Ap jiliees was thi ir young mistress. They were Joshua and Hannah, and neither of them had over believed in her insanity, but had always declare! that it waa a devilish plot to get hold of their old master's money. So when Joshua beard that k'.i'j had escaped and had been killed in tho railway accident, he stoutly declared that he did not believe it. 'Very likely Jliii Gwen had beon in thu train, lie wasn't going lo deny that ; hut he'd never believe tho Lord had let her escape from her cruel imprisonment to he killed.' That was all ho said to outsiders, but to Hannah he eouiided his opinion that Miss Gwen who'd always been a sharp lass, would be (piite equal to ninkiiKT t.lni lie-it evim nut, of n. rnihvav acciilent ; and who was to say as she didn't pat that in the dead girl's band. ' It would he a race for freedom, and Miss (iwen wasn't the oue to he beaten. I'm not objecting to that poor lass resting awhile in the miister'n grave, but I'm thinking there'll como r i time when she'll have to he moved, and thai iiforo the lie^.trrection. Not iik I'm a-going lo say this to either of tl.iio villains. U would jii^l make them hi .'.'in su-jiedi:ig and lnu.tin her up ; but a*? sure a* hi. David is our saint, you'll ^ee Mi Gwi-n again.' Thou Jlannah would nod her head ami say as she knew the poor dead lass wasn't Miss Gwen, or then: would have been the mark on her neck. Soon after David had goue to live at the farm, he asked Joshua to take bis old place as foreman, but the old man declined, telling David he couldn't take wages from him. 'Why?' was the indignant ques tion. ' Bucatise you'vo no right to the place, and it's my opinion as you did the devil's work to get it. I don't wanl to have no money as comes from hiuj, for he's a dangerous party to hue dealings with. 1 reckon both you and Mr. Price will find out that to your cost before you've done with him, bo it sooner or later, Mister David.' And with these words Joshua left him, while David went off in high dudgeon to ask his uncle if he thought the old man knew anything. Price Hughes listened with a con temptuous curl of the lip. ' Of course he cannot know any thing, and it does not matter what he suspects so long as ho cannot find any proof. But I'll tell you what, David,' no said, looking full ot bis nephew ; ' if you don't mind, you will either land in a lunatic asylum yourself, or kill yourself with drinking. You must stop it, man ; it is not safe, and I don't mean to let you do anything i that will put me in jeopardy,' 1 ' What do you mean ?' asked David, angrily. ' Exactly what I say. You are drinking nntil you are nervous as an old woman. I tell you you must stop it.' ' Just go and live in that old house by yourself, and fancy the old man and Gwen at every turn, and see if you don't get nervous and tnko more brandy than is good for you.' Price Hughes laughed. ' Neither tho ghost of the old man nor that of his daughter would scaro me. So long as they couldn't turn me out or touch the balance at the bank, I shouldn't care. But if you are so frightened, why not go away ? I have it; go to see Jack Lloyd, lie wanted you to go, and I suppose ' it's a nice little town where his practice is.' David looked rather pleased at the idea. ?? Pnrtuno T ?n-tll -1 ? I a. 4. nui. ' (W-n G -k piuttsaub fellow.' ' Of course he is. Only mind you hold your tongue ; and as 1 think you need a change of place and socioty, I will write to him and arrange for you to go.' ' Very well, I'm qoito willing and David left tho room. As soon as ho had gone Price Hughes wrote a friendly note to Dr. Lloyd, who was a native of Corwen, and had been educated for a medical man, tlnd after walking tbo hospitals had finally settlod down in a small town in Yorkshire, whore then ap peared a good opening. It was some years since he had lived in Corwen, then David and ho had been good friends. It was before the former bad given way to temptation, and now they would have little in common ; but when Dr. Lloyd received Price Hughes' letter, telling him that through troubling about his cousin's sad death David hod given way to drink, and urging him to help to reform him by getting him away from scenes that reminded hiui of his loss, the young doctor at once wrote to David, begging him to pay him a visit. [To be Continued.] 