MRS. TREGASKISS. A Novel ,:of Australian .Life. 'i. ' ' BT MRS. CAHELl PRAED, Author of "Outlaw aud Lawmaker," "An( Australian Heroine," "Tho Bond of , Wedlook,"' "Nadinc," "Moioob," : "Policy and Passion, ,"Wi» .... J, i Head Station," &o.;, &o.; " :i IV: ran queensland moms umbuvbd.) , \ . CHAPTER XVI. " You Ooairr Nor to Have Said That." Bat the interlude must havo an end at last. I Genoste had been a week at Mount Wombo, j and Glare was on tho fair way to recovery. Tho fever attacks hud bccorao less and less, I and tho days of respite , now only a dreamy pleasure. She spent tliom mostly ou a ham- snook in the upper veranda. Tho passion creeper, a nutivo cucumber, made a uhndo from tho sun, and throw wavering reflections upon the boards. The scent of sumo untime ly sandal wood blossoms floated up from tho enclosure. ' There had been a storm somewhere— over | Lake Eungclla, probably, for nine, it had not travelled to the plains, which woro brown and i bare while tho oattlo wore bogging in the fast Idrying wutorholes and dying of thirst and j wnfit of grass. But the distant storm had at least cooled tho air a little, and there was a ifuint breeze, which mado the mosquitoes cling to the ceilings. Glare Trogaakiss, in lior China silk tea gown, with her delicate refined face, licr creamy skin and deep brown oyos which had yellow lights, looked herself not unlike a lan guorous tropical flower. Sho hadapicoo of needlework in her hand, but made vory few stitohes. Genoste sat besido her. Ho had been down to Bio Cliinumun's gardon, and was preparing a granadilla, wbilo Ning stood by, the two dolls buuclicd under her arm, 5 watching the operation with deep interest. I The baby lying on n mat nt tho other ood of Jtlie veranda was crowing up to Olaribol, who 1 made blacks' noises for its nmusomont, Lena, the other hulf- castc, and hcr,piouninny down below joining in every now and then with a guttural " Yuoks ! My word, that budgery fellow." Tho sun was potting near its setting. In the storm quarter a low ridgo of clouds was rising. Tho straight black gidia trunks oust heavy shadows, and their silvery gray foliago t bad a livid look. The usual group of horses liud gathered round tho smokingrubbishheap, and tho milkers, a scanty herd in those dry times, were being driven up to tho yard. I Presently there was a sound of a horsewhip cracking, anil a long" Coo-oo," and then Tommy Georgo, leading npuckhorso appeared jogging through ono of the gidia oleurings. jl Ho called out eomothing to tons, who took up tlio story. ji "My word; missus, mino think itmassa ' como along directly." IClnro hair rose. Sho lind turned vory pale. 'Her low exclumetion hud in it a sound of ; dread. Gonesto did not stop his scooping of jtho granadilla. He sugared tho dainty mess and put it before her. " Keith is coining," she said, j. "Yes, lie still. I won't have you getting yap to meet liim. Besides ho ie not here yet. ill'll go and ask Tommy George." , Ho wont out. ' When he hud gone Glare eunk buok again, and a patch of red rose iu : eitah of her obooka. She called Ning to her !,and gavo her tho granadilla. "Here child, I I don't wont it." i Ning took the fruit and ate it slowly, ; wntebtng her mother all tho while with .solemn inquisitiveness. "Mummy no glad that daddy is coming baok," sho said. v j " Oh, you oruel littlo wretch !" Olareoried. l "What makes you say eueh things ?" . ' Ning stared still more. Such ebullitions in hor mother were rare. " Mino plchty glad daddy oonio back," Bho said, with stolid contentment. "What for mummy not glad ?" " Oh, go away," cried Clare; " Go and play with Claribel. po all of you and meat daddy down by tlie orossing," and Ning de parted, her solomn gaze haunting hor mother, after sho had disappeared, like an accusing gliost. After a littlo wlillo Genesto returned. "He will not be hore just yot ; Tommy George left hint at tlio bare and pushed on to tell you. ' Wall, I'm glud I shall see Trogaskiss before I Heave. I was meaning to go back to Hurra ! to- morrow." Slio said not a word. Whoa he looked at ihcr, lie saw ' that hor chest was hoaving ' slightly and hor eyes bright with restrained 'tears. " Clare," lio said softly, putting .out his ihnnd aud touohing hore as it lay on tho edgo of tho hummook, " don't frot. Things aren't 'worth it." "You don't understand," she answered hnskily. " Yes'THo— utterly, better perhaps than I you know. But you can't alter facte or itemperaments. You cannot make a fine steel instrument do tlie work of a fencer's augur. I All you can do is to harden yourself, ana to lacceptlifoasitis. If you are disappointed 'at not finding sympathy where you havo a right to look for it, take your right also to accept it from elsowlioro. Harden yoursolf to the inevitable." "Haven't i been doing that for ton years?" " Ontwnrdly, yos ; bnt within there havo been ravoning wolves. Ob, I know it's all .very-well to give ndvioo. It's like saying 'there is no hurt when one is raoked with jpnin. Dii you suppose my heart hasn't bled (for you theso days? God knows I'd give the (best part of my life if I could only make 'things difforent for you." "Don't— don't," sho gasped hysterically. "I can't boar it. You couldn't imagine i what it is to live always liko that. It seems worse wliea one hug been free for a little .while." '....Lsti j "Yes, yes.. Indeed I know."' ' "I can stand it better after it has gono on day by day fur months. But when it coinos froali — tho smell of brandy ! I hate him to hiss mo. And then he gets angry." She stopped and turned away hor face. I "Oh.'l know— it is horrible." A thought struck liim. ' ' Toll me— liis temper is bod at .times. ' Has he over— isi ho ever violent to ' lyou'?": ". ( . "Violont?" . ,' fi" <<I niean lies lie ovior ill- used you, struok .yoii— that kind of thing ?" " No, not personal vTolonoo. ' Holinsbeen rough, but ho ie . sorry afterwards. Why do lyouxisk?" .' i X was wondering if that wore a question. ,You know thore aro causes for which the law I gives an ill-used 'wifo hor freedom." "I know. But there could be 110 question of that. Don't speak of it," " Thoyworq both silent. Tlio words thoy ihad spoken to eaoh other marked an immonao lenp in their iutiinnoy. .Thoy had before die- onssed Trogaskiss's increasing habit of in ebriety, wliioh, month by month, wcok by weak, had in tho last two years gained a stronger hold on him. "ilinvodone all I enn," alio said. "I ' have bogged, implored, rcasonod— overytliing. 'But it doesn't seem to be of the least nso, I and I think my speaking of it at times makes jbim almost liute mo. Then thore is Bomo- thing I lourned not very long ago— quito by .accident — lie bad always kopt it from mo. His futlier died of drink. I bollovo that a burso of that kind is often liorcdituiy. I wish I didn't) it makes mo" — she lowered her voiee, nnd her pained eyes glanced towards him for a momont — " it makes mo frightonod for the children. I dread their coining— I prayed bo that this might bo a boy, and like me. Lifo is ulways harder for women. Ob!" she wont on pasoiouutoly, "such things shouldn't be allowed, Marriage is lawful— it ie wicked— when it's a inuvriugo liko mine." ; "I entirely agree with you. But yon must not distress yourself about tho idea of hereditary tendonoy. You havo told mo of the slight sunstroke ho hnd. That nfton causes a want of self-contrpl. I wish yon could persuade him that he is not well, nnd .set him to consult mo. I- might be able to I do something, for tho momont, at unyrute, to /make thteK# fjtjjtwfw you." ; /'Ho ls so Btroflg : he glorlesln his strength. It would be'Thifioult to persuade Mm. It iSntt fair to troublo you to," .she oxolaimed. ".Why should '" you worry, "about me and nilndV'" | . .. ."Beoansel love you," ho answered with perfect oalmnfss, not moving in the . least towards hor; or touoliing ber hand again, onlv looking nt her full, with a suddon lightening und glowing of his eyos. Sho mot the look, hor own eyes deepening nnd iiold by his as though sho were succumb ing to Rome mesmeric forco. It was a long gaze, and lie road in it all lie wanted to know. 'Presently she drew herself buok with a slight shudder. "You ought not to have said that. You must never say it again;" "I will not," ho answered. "I will never say it till yon tell mo that I may. But I wanted you to know it. I wanted you to understand that there is nothing you could ask of me— nothing which it would not bo a joy and a privilege to me to do." He got up und walked to the veranda rail ing without another word. There ho stood for several minutes looking out- upon tho plain. "I see your husband coming," ho said. "I will go oat aud meet him and explain your illiiese to liim nnd wby I am hore." His solf-possossion gavo her confidence, and his silence appealed to her as no words could have dono. Hor own pulses were tingling, and her heart seemed to leap and throb in an agony of happiness. It was. so terrible this thing which had befallen hor, but it was heavenly sweot. " Oli, I do love film," she said in a whisper to herself. "I do love him with all my soul." The revolution lied como upon hor with a shock, and yet with a sense of half consoious foreknowledge. It was all clear now, and sho understood tho power this man had exor cised over her from the very first. Lookingbaok it seemed to her that she had loved him from tho momont in wliioh she had opened her oyes from her swoon in the inn nt Cedar Hill, und had seen tho strong linod fuuo with its ouglo look and piercing gaze bent over hor. Sho knew now what had made her speak out to him abont horself as she had novcr spoken to any otkor human being,' understood now her vague jeslonsy of Helen Gusaok, knew why tho burden of ber marriage and bor motherhood had of late seemed mora intolerable. It was only nature speaking, and nature's eternal and unconquerable law defying the creed of conventions. Tho truth flashed upon hor in a moment. Tho quiet musterfulness of his abrupt composed declaration had given hor no time for unulysitt, self-roprouoh, or indignation. Ho had not even asked hor if sho loved him. Ho bad doinandcd nothing in return for hie lovo. Ha hnd only told her of it that sho might not scruple to make nso of him in any way that she pleased. There was nothing to make lier alarmod or angry; nothing wnioh did not uuuho him to stand out in her imagina tion as a vory knight of ohivalrv. Angry with him I When he" had brought and laid at her feat tunt which nil hor lifo sho had held us almost too Bacred for oonnnon earth — that which she and Gladys had so mistakenly renounced as an ideal impossible of realisation. Though sho had bidden him never speak thoso words again thoy would make mueio in her heart for evermore. " I lovo you — I lovo you." She was essentially a pare woman not withstanding tho struggles in hor of lBtent oapaoitv for pusBton. Tlie thought of un faithfulness to hor husband did not occur to hor — unfaithfulness in tho material sense ; of spiritual infidollty there could bo none, for the spiritual bond had never existed. As she lay back in her hammock bathed in this stream of beatitude which flowed over her whole being, sho forgot everything but the one blossod and glorious foot that had como into ber lifo nnd transfigured it. She forgot that her bondage was still upon hor, that hor husband would be with her in a few moments, and that his obildren and hers were welcoming him homo. The sun was Botting. The storm clouds hsd spread higher and looked lurid from the red reflection. Ning'e voiee sounded below, thon Trogaskiss's shout, " Hullo, picoa- niny?" and with it Glare awakonod to reality. Sho got out of tho hammock, and was standing uncertainly, flushed and agitated, whou hor husband's heavy stop sounded on tlio veranda stair, und presently he was besido ber. Genoste had remained bolow. "Well, Glare," lio said, "how are you? Gonoste tells me you've had a touch of fovor. I don't beliovo there can have been much the matter. By Jove, you have got quite a colour. I never saw yon looking better." He put his big red bands on her shoulder and kissed her in a rough, perfunctory sort of way. Sho was oddly struok by a cer tain curious difference in tlie manner of his oaross. Sho could not havo defined wherein it lay, bnt wub conscious of it, us a woman is intuitively conscious of any variation in tho mood towards her of her lifo compauion, whether the companionship bo congenial or the reverse. The old thrill of repulsion deepened iu hor, with tho whiff of stulo brandy in his breath. She was saro ho had boon drinking rather heavily. HiB hand some face was red and puffy, his oycB blood shot, and there was more than tho usual want of nicoty in his dross and appearance wliioh confirmed the impression. His voice, too, hod an indescribable thickness, nnd in his manner there was a suppressed irritability mingled with something royatering, a characteristic of it accentuated now to a greater degree than was customary. " What has Gonesto boen doing hero all this time ?" he asked sharply ; and she winced under the fierce gleam of his eyes. He noticed tho sign of discomposure. . "It's all nonsense about hie doctoring you. I don't believe in that sort of thing." " What do you mean I" she asked, resent fully. "He uonld have doctored you and gone back again. Lots of people have fever end go about just tlie samo, oxcept when tho shakos aro on them. And follows havo been talking — sniggering and making remarks about his devotion to liis patient. It iBn't as if he was a regular doctor. The butchers started it, Uganda way, and Cusaok, with his — impudence, chaffed mo about leaving yon to be sickuursed by a good looking man." " Ie that why yon oatno home P' ' " I came to see how you wore, and to send Gonasto about his 'business. I don't ohoose him to be hanging round making love to my wife. Ho is not such a tremendous saint, as they could tell you further north'." She reddened, but restrained the indignant impulse to contradict him. "It's bcaBtiy oheok," Tregaskiss went on. " I was very much annoyed at his way of speaking to mo just now. Seomod to imply that I hod been to blame. Does ho suppose I am going to stand still and havo my pro- nortv dostiovod without stirring a hand to prevent it?, Tregaskiss fnmed on. In a cnlmer mood it might nave been evident to her that his dis satisfaction had its rise partly hi jealotisv, partly in solf-reproaoh. 8ho stood still, silent, a rush of conflicting emotions torturing hor. She was inwardly shame-etriokon, in dignant, ohoked with a passionate aversion from her husband, all the lteonor because the acousntion had not been unfounded) aud she was unublo to stand forth and contemptuously repudiate it. For it was trae that GeDesto had told her ho loved hor. Bat that he "had mndo lovo to hor !" No; thut he had not done — would novcr do. She folt outraged — her holy of holies liud boen deseoratcd. An. abominable construction hnd boon put upon what to Iter was snored. This, in other and minor matters, liad always bean tbecaso when bor finest self had como into oontaot with Trogaskiss's ooorser personality. Now tho fcoling gained a now aouteness from tlie sanotity of tho emotion upon wMoh he was trampling. Bhe said at last, in a studionely quiet voioo, " If you wunt to know whether I havo been ill or not, you have only to auk Mrs. Ramon— Dr. Gonosto redo all tho way and back to thoir camp one night to fetoh her. It is his care which Iiiib probably saved me from a bad time. You will romombor that whon lio oamo over I was nlono, excopt for tlio Chinamen and' Olaribel nnd Gusta. Not even Mr. Shand was hero. That was why he etayod. r iiTi?"1 thor part, I have nothing to say. I think you must have exaggerated Mr. Gusack's chaff, which could not have been meant as you put It. I bolieVq Dr. Gonesto means to go baok to Darra' to-morrow. Pleaso, Keith, for yonr own sake as well as mine, do not be rude to him, for he has ddho us both a great kindness, nnd I am sure you would be sorry, afterwards if you offended : Glare Walked post TregoSkiml into her own room without waiting for him to reply. Then sho bqcame terrified lest ho should follow her, " buthe did hot' come. Something down below attracted bis attention, and be yelled out a reprimand to one of the black boyB, and pre sently wont noisily down the stairs. By-and- by she heard him in the baok veranda asking Gonesto quite good-bumnurodly to come in and have a nip hoforo dinner. His anger had been only blustor, and she need not have alarmed" horself. Tregaskiss, like moBt bullies, was a moral coward. Ning camo in fresh from her bath to havo her white frook and red sash fastened. She exhibited a now doll which Daddy had , brought her from Uganda, and which ehe told her mothor Miss Lawford had dressed for her. Tho lust picoe of information gave Glare a clue ostoTregaakiss's delayed return, and eho understood that lie had been finding an oxonse for himself by blaming her. , Sho folt too contemptuous to be greatly ^an noyed. From Trcgaskiss's reports to her of earlier conversations with the little governess, sho know that Miss Lawford permitted a. freedom of flirtation wMch appealed to her husband's temperament ana desire for variety. It had never ocoured to hor that Miss Lawford' a influenco could provo dongorous to her own. Sho dressed for dinnor, holding baok the hysterical sobs whioh roso in her throat, and mentally flying from tho vague terror with whioh tho situation impressed her. And yet all through hor dressing hor mind was per vaded by the thought that Gonesto's eyes would nleot for the first tlmo since he had told her that ho loved ber, and that for the first time toe in her life bIio must ploy a part ab horrent to her nature — that or a wifo with a socrot love for unoiher man to conceal. Geneote pitied her intensely when Bhe ap peared and took her place before the tea tray. Ho saw how palo sho was and with what an effort she kopt ber composure. Ho avoided looking at her or addressing her too directly, but vigorously sustained conversation with Tregaskiss and Shand, asking about the late stile to the butchers, particulars of the strike, tho doings of the pascoralists' ooinmittee, and the arrival of the "Speoiuls" from Port Victoria. Tliero appeared to ho a good doal of talk and preparation on both sides, with little to show for it in tho way of oauso or result. The strikers were reported to have collected in u body for tho destruction of vari ous stations and for summary vengeance upon tho free labourers, but as yet, beyond trying to fire two wcolsheds and the slaughter of Tregaslriss's burse, had dono no.doflnito mischief. " They are afraid to tackle Brinda PlainB just yot," said Tregaskiss, "for old Gusaok is ill such a blue funk that he liun a force of police round the place, and makes all liis men Bleep on the versuda, ready with their fire- "hrms. Yon should hear Miss Lawford's ac count. It's rioh,T can tell you." " Miss Lawford, is staying with tho Ocooke,. I hear," said Goneate. ''Oil, I see you know-all tho Brinda Plains gossip," said Tregaskiss, boisterously. "Tho'fair Helen, I suppaso, keeps you well posted.' By Jove, you know, she ll bo think- . rag herself ncglcoted for Mrs. Tregaskiss if you don't take uare." Clare's fuce was stony, and. Gonesto took no notice of the insinuation, but pointedly turned the conversation to general topics. Trogaskiss's geniality had a touch of tho malignant. Genesto also noticed tbo change in ins manner, and attributed it to the deepening effcot of Miss Lawford's society. Trognskies was ono of those men who cannot in any circumstances resist talking of the women thoy admire. Ho re peated more than one of Miss Lawford's sullies, proclaiming that she was splendid company, and that the Land Commissioner was tremendously gono upon hor, but hadn't tlio ghost of a ehoneo, for Muni Lawford liked a man who was a man and had some " go " in him; sho wasn't one' of your die-away women, ulways giving themselves airs of superiority. to be oosthtoed. 