MRS. TREGASKISS. BY MRS. CAMPBELL' PRAED. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER III,"— (Continued.) "It seems to me that we women have our share' of those worries, too," said Clare. "As for the station worl;, I used rather io envy you men the wild, free rides, and the living with: nature, and the grandness and realltv of it all. Do you remember, I lmd a perfect crave for out of door life, long ago, after the hollowness and Insincerity and stuffiness of London. I used to fancy then that It must make peoplo truer and better and purer. You know I loved an easy day on the run, before the babies came, and when I was strong, and not the poor creature I seem to have grown Into." "An easy day!" echoed Tregasklss. "A kid glove kind of mustering in cool wea ther, just outside tho paddock fences — and the men blessing you all the time, be cause they daren't let out an oath. I think you found It a bit too real some times. Clare, and you got deuced sulky when I swore at you for getting in the way. You expected me to keep up honey moon manners, hut I've broken you in, haven't I, and we're none the less good frlend3 for It?" "No, none the less good friends, Keith," she repeated, ' with that curious smile. "Hut that wasn't what I meant when I wished that baby had been a boy." "What did you mean?" he asked. "Oh, mea get rid of their Illusions quicker," she answered. "Or else they never grow them, which Is better still — at least I suppose It is better, if the Illu sion's are hound to wither before the morn ing has become to-day. "Women are so help less;" she went on, her voice taking a deeper Inflexion, "so blind, so ignorant, so hedged in. They can't go Into, tho open and judge of things as men do. They can t even judge of themselves. They don't know what they arc capable of or deficient In. They don't know what they want." "Well, most of them seem to know that they want a husband," said Tregasklss, with a laugh. "And after all, Clare, a wo man can't do much- better than that — if she gets a good one, and a man can't he bet tor off than with a good wife." There was genuine feeling in his tone; It touched Clare. "No, Keith. There can't be anything betterjn the world than a happy marriage. But people's Ideas of happlneas and of love are different, aren't they? And women have dreams and wayward fancies. In the end we settle down to doing our duty, and find satisfaction In it, but in the beginning, when we are young and romantic, we long for. drama and thrill and communion of. mind and the poetry of love — and all the rest. That's how It's hard for women — for some women. They've got to grind down the edge of their imagination and to pull their Ideals to pieces, and to scatter 111 fragments all their fond nnd foolish beliefs, and it — It's a painful process, Keltb, and I'd rather not have to watch a daughter of mine going through It." Tregasklss looked at her, at once an noyed, uneasy, and amused. "Oh, confound ideals! That used to be a great word of yours, Clare. I thought I had laughed you out of it, though upon my soul I never did quite know what you meant by it. I hate hearing you talk like that. It makes rao think ot those long-haired South Kensing ton painters and the ladies In queer dresses, with notions that you used to tell me you were so sick of. Besides, It puts It Into my head that you aren't happy, and that isn't true — anyhow, you always say that you are happy enough." "Oh, yes, Keith; don't mind. Of course I am happy enough." "Ideals!" he went on, wrathfully. "Poe try, sentiment — the sort of stuff you read in novels. Flue words and infernal Tommy- rot, as I always said to you, dear. We don't breed 'em out west." "No; you laughed me out of my fancy that ideals might exist In tho bush. That's one of the vanished illusions. They don't seem to fraternise with sheep and cattle In this part of Leichhardt's.Land." "Do you think they thrived any better on U'ui Downs, where you came from?" "I don't know. I suppose not. I was only 10 years old, you know, when I left it. And yet," she went on, dreamily, "I kept a vision of "Ubl Downs all thoso years, as of a sort of promised land — the mountains and. tho strange sunsets and the river and the great bunya scrubs — The Erl King and Slntram and Undine lived in that bunya scrub and the creek that came down from the gorge. I can it quite well." "And you married me because you thought I was going to bring you to your promised land. Was that it?" "Perhaps It was a little, Keith." "Good Lord, Clare, you are childish, with your Erl Kings and your fairy tale peoplo. I suppose they' are In a fairy tale. I never heard of them anywhere else. What has come over you to-night?" "1 don't know, Keith. One gets thinking lvlng awake In the moonlight." "Thinking! What about?" "Oh! about ideals, nnd drama, and thrill, and different kinds of love— everything that makes the poetry of life. But I quite agree with you— It's stupid to talk of them. Gladys Warraker and I agreed long ago not to expect such things in the ordinary run of life." "Well, anyhow, I thought you had drop ped air such I'ubblsh since you came here. ' Ideals! drama! thrill! and different kinds of loves" be repeated, with bluff scorn. "By Jove, do you remember our sitting by t'ne waterhole at Wombo, soon after we came up, and your reading to me something by some German ehap, and asking me It that was how I loved you, and your, disgust when I told you It was all damned rot. As if men and women ever loved, each other, especially when they are imarrled, In any way but one. You may wrap It up in sugar as much as you like, but love al ways pomes to the same thing — generally ends in little red creatures like this." Clare gave a slight shudder, and then laughed, an odd, nervous laugh. "Yes, It always comes to the same thing. You have taught me that." "I have mado you practical, my dear. Upon my soul, if it hadn't been for having married me you'd be lost In the clouds by now. I've brought you down to earth, I andltho. children." "Yes," sho again assented. "You and the children. One can't be anything but practical when there are babies crying round, and only a half-caste or a black gin to look latter them." "Well, that's your own fault, Clare. I said vou could get a nurse out of one of the emigrant ships at Port Victoria." . ' "Oh, - she wouldn't have stayed. Sho would ' have complained that It was too rough, or too dull, or else,. the mosquitoes and sandflies would have ; eaten her up. And I'm so anxious to get that wretched debt cleared off. I don't want to add to expenses, especially as I brought you nothing. That's being practical, Isn't it?'.'. . "You're a splendid old dear. I'm bound to say that there's not another woman I know, brought up like you, that would work In the same way to keep things to gether. As for the debt, If I could get a couple of good seasons and a market for fat cattle I'd soon clear it off, and we'd take "a' trip home, and then settle down on your beloved Ubl 111 the heart of civili sation. Confound that woman! When Is she going to send me upf something to cat?" ' lie went noisily to ".the staircase, and called down. After a few minutes a young woman who had been serving at the bar brought in a tray with cbld beef and bread and a bottlo of whisky. Tregasklss threw off Ills coat, poured himself out some whisky and water, and called to his wife to come in and "yarn." She obeyed the peremptory call without a murmur, though she had lain down again upon tlio bed ' beside the baby, and was In truth almost worn out. She waited upon her husband while he made a hearty meal, "ami., chatted cheerfully upon Leura con- / corns the while, having, It appeared, quite ;;recovered from her sentimental mood. "They talked -about the delinquencies of tho "Qrlpper," otherwise Mr. Cusack— tho . .new' boundary between Woipbo an/I. JEfrljifla the surveyors to' "be employed; , n/th'e ; stock " keeping capacity of.i-o ;';"new '! A.chtup'' lately Installed at 'Mount -Wombo,; rt;itUS'.-"tally" ot the last branding.- It was, not -till- Tregasklss had lighted - hlif'-pipe' i1 '-and tiltcil back Ills chair thht-iitf ' wh'A , struck, for the second time by ,lils. .wife's wan looks, and again declared she looked ""v. like a ghost. He insisted upon giylng; h?r some; weak whisky ', nnd water, . arid ex; pressed- compunction for having- -kept 'her i/jV,1 fussing ovr her in n man-like un helpful 'mariner, which at Intervals took tlie form of scolding. Why didn't slie look after . herself hotter? What was the use of leaving Port Victoria before she was quite strong? Why would she nurse the p baby, when she knew that she wasn't fit for it?" On the last point he waxed per- t (-.latently wrathful. 5 "I wanted to," pleaded Clare. "I think f I have read that mothers always care more for the children they nurse tbem- selves. It's an outlet for " sho I stopped. I "An outlet for what?" I "For the foolish fancies, perhaps, that you have beet- scolding me for." 1 "What has put the notion Into your I head?" asked. .Tregasklss... "You know that ' the- child -drags you to -pieces;"-.- ' "I didn't nurse tho other two," she said In a low voice, "and they died, and I don't think I was half sorry enough, poor little things." ' Tregasklss was qffrent. "That's nonsense," he said presently. "They wouldn't have lived anyhow, and this one Is much more likely to thrive ou good cow's milk. I'll have a milker kept apart." And then he went on: "You talk of expenses; and you know I! means gallons of bottled stout, or you can't get 011 at nil. Not that I grudge It," he added, hastily, smitten by an expression which crossed Clare' face, "but goodness knows how long the drays will he getting it up. Tbat'3 what I meant." But she had been moved many times to a half amused scorn or pitiful tolerance by the exhibition ot a curious strain of meanness In Tregasklss's character. This was all the - more strange because It was allied In a certain sense to boisterous good nature. In some matters Trega3kiss was openhanded and even extravagant. It was quite certain also that he would not have grudged his wife anything that he seriously believed would contribute to licr health or comfort, and yet in somo small odd ways I10 was penurious.' CHAPTER IV.— THE STORY OF CLARE GARDYNE. Clare Trcgaskiss did not love her hus band. There are millions of women in like state to whom such a condition of things presents no Insuperable barrier to content or even to happiness. But Clare was not one_ of these. She had not the disposition to be satisfied with compromises. To her life without sympathy seemed poisoned at its source. All she did, thought and said was robbed of savor and spon taneity. Sho suffered the pain of a keenly sensitive, emotional, and Intellectual wo man, imprisoned as within brick walls, by limitations of circumstance. Worst of aH sho suffered from a deii3f» and stifling ma teriallsm, the temperament with which she was mated. Existence was for her an unfulfilled yearning. Beneath her still chiselled fea tures, her faint abstracted smile, her pains taking Interest in the prosaic details of a squatter's vocation, her scrupulous atten tion to tho duties of her position, hor quiet manner, and feminine submlssiveness to the inevitable, there pulsed a hidden current of passionate feeling, of indignant protest, of unoxplalnable aversions, Impulses, desires which at times frightened her by their In tensity. She did her very best to quell I hem, and to compress her aspirations with in the scope of her everyday life, but It was of little use. She ached with an Immense craving — an ache insistent and unbearable almost as that of bodily starvation. And. in truth, 011 the psychological side of things there Is a hunger of m'.nd, of heart, and of spirit, quite as wasting and quite as Impe rious in its demands as the physical need of meat and bread. Why had she married Mr. Tregasklss? Oh, fool, fool, fool! This she said to her self over and over again in her fiercest and most secret moods of revolt. But the re cognition of her folly did not alter the Irre vocable and disastrous fact that she was Keith Tregasklss's wife, and the mother of his children. How she had brought herself to perpetrate the folly was as great a mys tery to herself as it became a little while later to Dr. Goneste. In the chain of circumstances sho had been led to the marriage by, perhaps, the only concatenation of Influences of which It could rationally have been the outcome. Glare Gardyne was the only child of a man who, for a very short time, had biased as a minor comet in tho system of Australian finance. He had -been in the first instance a sbeepowner on tho Ubl Downs, where Clare had been horn, and where her mother had died. The child had been about six years old when she was left motherless, and at this time Mr. Gardyne sold his sta tion, realised a moderate fortune, and took his little girl to England. There he made arrangements for her education. He spent the 12 years which this occupied mainly in Australia, where he entered political life, started a great meat-preserving establish ment, and made for himself a not alto gether untarnished reputation as a sup posed millionaire and juggler In company promoting, and In the transaction of an Important loan to the Lelehhardt's Land Government. Finally he accepted the ap pointment of Agent-General for the colony, and settled in London in a big house' In Queen's Gate, with his handsome daughter to act as its mistress and as hostess at the numerous entertainments by means of which ho floated himself in a certain sphere of society. ' Meanwhile Clare Gardyne had been brought up perhaps not altogether in the most judicious manner for a nature so wil ful, impulsive, reserved, and Impatient ot shams, and of control. Her only relatives in England wore a sister and brother-in- law of her father's, and from the beginning Clare had entertained for her uncle and aunt the strongest antipathy. They be longed to a clas3 which she imagined be neath her own, nnd. which was at any rate utterly opposed to all the traditions of her early Australian associations, for which she had retained an almost passionate tender ness. Mr. Marrable owned a shoe factory In a midland town. I-Ie was a dissenter, and Mrs. Marrable was not visited by any lady of higher social grade than the wife of the lawyer, the doctor, and occasionally the vlcarcss of tho parish. Yet she had kept an almost sycophantic awe of the great, and. her main ambition was to bo genteel. Tho Marrables' way of living and thinking were of tho narrowest, dullest, and most provincial. They occupied a two- storied, bow-wludowed house of the subur ban pattern, In tho new road where the principal townsfolk and better class trades men had detached residences. Tho house had a few shrubs, a miniature rockery, aud an oval flower bed In front; and at the back, a tennis ground, enclosed by a brick wall, and some neatly trimmed shrubs. Clare remembered the wild beauty and expanse or the Ubl Downs, the breezy free dom, the absence of social barriers, the chivalrous deference of the station hands, among whom even at six years old she had been a little queen. From these idealised recollections she constructed a visionary republic of light and sincere living, aud rebelled against the Marrable restraints. She spent three summer holidays with her relations, then wrote to her father request ing permission to remain at school or to accept Invitations elsewhere — a permission he readily granted, for ho had ambitions which did not embrace the Marrable con nections, and, In truth, eared very little what his daughter did as long as she got Into no scrapes and was decently educated. He, therefore, never opposed any scheme of hers which did not appear to him unrea sonable. Besides, he had his own affairs to think about. When Clare was Hi she con ceived a vague enthusiasm for the artistic life, and went to live in Kensington In the remoter quarter; whore shapboardefi.-Avith the . family of one of her schoolfellows. The fat-hor ot her, schoolfellow was- a dra matic critic on'.ithe sthff of'bn'o;'br'twosmail papers, and the liiotlier tallied htii-Velf all artist, and had a -.class ot$'j)ung£fi$y£atni denls In her studio, to wh'oin she itqpar'eil Instruction 011 Impressionist, methoilai",;' The eldvft' daughter did a small'-ltrade '-in cast- lng jioroscopes and delineating character from handwriting; and of the younger daughters, one was an actress low In the scale, one studied music, and one was playful, ambitious, original, and vague both In her views and occupations. The first three had great theories, talked much, and were generally unkempt, slip shod, enthusiastic, and inaccurate lu ac counts. Clare, at the first blush, had been fascir.atcd at the Idea of women breaking loose from conventions, had taken In greed ily all the fine talk, had believed In the un appreciated geniuses and the Jargon ol Idealism, had considered the whole thing very intellectual, mystic, original, and ele vating. She had a notion that sho was going to lead the higher life, and for a time muddled away at hor paints— she had 0 feeling for color — with the utmost satis faction. Sho would not allow herself tc realise that sho had no talent, not oven the most rudimentary know ledge of anatomy or perspective, and was readily persuaded that she might become the leader of a movement, aud the pioneer of advanced womanhood. She had always maintained that women wore down trodden and tlio victims of an hereditary tendency to Insincerity, for the reason that they had never been able to get their own way except by wheedling the men. At tills patlOdL-slie was going on for eighteen — slio . hftdiiin Intense 'scyi'ijj.for 'matrimony, and ; liatlvrieVer seen- tlie riian who could l-aiso her opinion of ll|e. sex. Tills was to the credit .'of'lier discrimination,' for certainly sho saw . pu; poor specimens at the Waralter's. All hor emotional1 forceA was expended on ab stract enthusiasms, 5nd upon her friendship for Gladys Warakor, ' the only 0110 of the sisters who had no profession, and yet who maiipEPd to do everything better than any of the- others. Gladys, though Intensely artistic in appearance and nature, kept an attitude of cynical superiority to all artistic fads, and openly scorned the deceptions which the others gloBsed over by tall talk. Sho also frankly declared her intention of making a worldly marriage if the sacramen tal marriage did not come In lier way. This was the point upon which Gladys and Clare were totally disagreed, and many was the tussle tliey liau 011 tho subject. On 0110 point, however, they were in accord. They were each solemnly convinced (hat the sa cramental marriage did exist, only Gladys held that It >vns irreeonclliable with the exigencies of the modern social system. To both girls love was a mystery, as lioly and na Impossible of frivolous discussion as the mystery of the Eucharist. (To be cdntlnuedJi '' 