THE NOVELIST. RODSEY STOSE. k EEMI>*ISCE>*CK OF THE ELSG.* BY A. GONAX DOYLE. Cama IL Tat *i!or cum So for Cfi»aJEWCti liirrison " No* I s'lih to fcif some!h:&g; ctvre &b;>st J;ci, Dot only beoitt&t; h- vu ibt cci-ffc-t 01 my youth. bat :^aa»e yoa wili tz,L as joa go on, thi'.thii tootL-r-Usitor? rtxher lias. min*, fctid ttAt there cam- a tac* s tis ciHit ani bit fw vet*, so lii* tzsaiiu* of all Eae!*n<L V'jo will 1 mat *.?--> me, therefore, while I t«-;l yoa oi bi£ chara- citr it il sa in tbose dajc, and «f>ecia.ly of one v*ry Angular a^tetitcre which nei'ber of ui is likely to lorz®* It was strand. to k« Jim with his cr.ck and bis asm:, for be seemed to be oi another rase sad breed to them. Oiwn . I bate matched them come up the aiile upon a Sunday, first the is,n*r- thick-set mm, and then the little, worn, anxiosti-eyevi woman, sad List, this giorious lad, with bis dear-cut (ace, his black cork, and bis st-p so springy and light, that it teemed as if be were bound to earth by some lesser tie than the beavy footed villagers around him. He had not yet attaint*! his foil hi foot of stature, bot DO joige oi a mact Mi every woman at ie^et » one> cooid look at his perfect ehooHers, bis narrow loins, and bis proud h^d that at opon bis neck like a flower upon ius. stalk, without feeling that sober joy wr.icb ali tha*. is beautiful in nature ;ri ..*.* to ojs, a va^ue seli-conrent, as thou »h in eonr.e way we also had a hand in the making of it. list vfkte used to associate beauty with fcoftness in a f*" I 'lo not know why they tfaoaid be so coupled, and tbey never were with Jim. 01 all men that I have known be m the most iron-hard in body and in mind. Who was there am ;rig u* who conld walk with him, or ran with him, or swim with htm t Who on all the country «d<? save only Boy jim would hive swung himself over Wotetonbury Cliff, and clambered down a bond red feet with tbe mother hawk flapping at hiaeara in the vain struggle to hold him from her nest 1 He was hot sixteen.witb his gratle not yet all set into bone, when he foogbt and beat Gypsy Lee, oi Burgees Hill, who called himself the cock of the South Downs. It was after this that Cham pion Harrison took his training aa a boxer in band. " I'd rather yon left millin' alone, Boy Jim," said he," and bo had the missus ; bot if mill yon muBt it will not be my fault if you cannot hold upyour hande to anything in tbe South Country." And it was not long before be made good bis promise. I bave said already that Boy Jim had no love for hie books, but l»y that I meant his school-books, tor when it came to tbe reading of romances or of anything which had a touch oi gallantry or adventure there was no tearing him away from it until it was finished. When such a l*>ok came into his hands, Friar's Oak pnri the smithy became a dream to him, and bis life was spent out upon the ocean or wandering over the broad continents with his heroes. And he would draw me into his enthusiasms, also, so that I was glad to play Friday to bis Crusoe when be proclaimed that the clump at Clayton was a desert island, and that we were cast upon it for a week. But when I found that we were actually to sleep out there without co\ering every night, and that be proposed tbat our lood should be tbe sheep of the Downs (wild goats, he called tbem) cooked upon a fire, which was to be made by tbe rubbing together of two sticks, my heart failed me. and on tbe very first night 1 crept away to my mother. But Jim stayed oat there for tbe whole weary week - a wet week it was, too-and came back at tbe end of it looking a deal wilder and dirtier than his hero does in the picture books. It is well tbat be bad only promised to stay a week, for if it bad been a month he would have died of cold and banger before his pride would have let him come home. His pride-that was the deepest thing in all Jim's nature, it is a mixed quality to my mind, half a virtue and half a vice, a virtue in holding a man oat of the dirt, a vice in making it hard for him to rise when once he has lallen. Jim was proud down to the very marrow of bis bones. You remem ber tbe guinea that the yoang lord had thrown bim from the box of the coaoh. Two days later somebody picked it from the roadside mud, Jim only bad seen whereit had fallen, and he would not deign even to point it out to a beggar. Nor would be stoop to give a reason in such a case, but would answer all remonstrance with a cur) of his lip and a flash of his durk eyes. Even at school he was the same, with such a sense of his own dignity tbat other folk had to think of it too. He might say, as he did say, that a right angle was a proper sort of an angle, or put Panama in Sicily, bat old Joshua Allen would as soon have thought of raising his cane against him as he would of letting me off if I had said as jnach. And so it.was that although Jim was tbe son of nobodyaflfll of a king's officer it always seemed to mejtfhfive been a condescension on bis putwit be should have chosen me as bis friend. It. was this pride of Boy Jus's whipped to an adventure which makes me shiver now when I think o£ it. It happenedin tbe Augast of *99, or it may bavsbto∈ theearly day* of September, but ^^aaaa&aaaar; . I rametaber that «« kevd the ck*«O mi Pu±u£ Wooi, &sl; thu 'as saii thai per Upi h vti the b$s of bia I ra eon at tcbrjrr.. bet Jim hai be &itb; si ten ui I cMret^s. It ni cy Susrit}' -*j. u»i « sj«it it, as .* teas did, eel upjo the D^vos. O&r; iavosri* p'-sce ns beyoQl Woisto&bsrr.; where we ocmi i simzh Gcrs»?i»es spaa tLe soft spring; cbalk grxgs among the phasp iistk S:«Lfc I>j«Ti 6bf*p. chitting ci'ii (b* sio^pberdt k tfoj- laud cpx user cj&etr; oM pfwossik ooi', maae in the dtra vba Sssse-x csnted on nwre iron than all tin- cosaaa o: Fnjintl It vu thtr* tbu we iij fipoo that r-onssi If « chose to r>'l cpon osr rizfet sides the whole wezli woold Lij" in front of c- with the N.Tth I>j*e^5 corrinf itif in o^.ve fo.ds, tritb L'-re ted there tfce snow white rift of a chalk-pit. If we turned scoo cor left we oreriooked ;fc- huge blue stretch o: the CbacueL A convoy, is I can weil re la^tnber, vu eomuiz op it that day, the timid fk<ck of merchantmen in front, 5be frigates, like well-trained does epos tb* fckirti, and two barif drover line-of-battie ships rollinji akmg 'o-bind them. Mr fancy «*i soaring out to mj father opon the waters »h«i a word from Jim broa^ia it back on to toe gr*ss like a broken-winged guIL "Eoidj-," eaid he. "have yoa heard that Clifie Hori.1 is haoated T H«ii I beard it? 0: coarse I had beard it Who was there in all the Down country who had not heard of the walker of Cliffe Royal. " Do yon know the story of it, Roddy f " Why," said I, with some pride, " I ought to know it, seeing that my mother's brother. Sir Charles Tregellie, was the nearest friend of Lord Avon, and w$s down at this card party when the thing happened. I heard the vicar and my mother talking about-it last week, and it was all so clear to me that I might have been there when the murder was done." "It is a strange story," Baid Jim, thought fully ; " but when I asked my annt about it she 1 would give me no - answer, and as to my uncle he cut me short at the very men tion of it." " There is a good reason for that," said I; " for Lord Avon was, as I have heard, ypur uncle's beat friend, and it is but natural that he would not wish to speak of his dis grace." " Tell me the story, Roddy." " It is an old one now-fourteen years old -and yet they have not got to the end of it. There were four of them who had come down from London to spend a few days in Lord Avon's old house. One was his own young brother, Captain Barrington. Another was bia cousin, Sir Lothian J^nme, Sir Charles Tregellis, my uncle, was fcfe&thitd;, and Lord Avon the fourth. They are 'fond of playing Cftafs.for money, these great people, and they pjajred^ndiplftyed for two days and a night. .jJLocd A TOO kG. iai Sir Losbas last cj soci-e lost, ®&i; C*p>u:r. iSkrrlBPOO ?" n esq! bf cusi-i win c-a o&re-; H-f won their oooey, bn, »i»vr aJi, b( rx; pipas trom hi* rfar b«odicr ftkh BHiti *. p*'« d-*l to him I: was ktr at a M« ».r c+fei t~?r K.:^>5y>i punmj. uc o.«rn ittt Capais BuiinnoQ vt! iocni detd be si>? hi* bed *ith his throat cs-" " AD2 Lord Atoe dhi it T "Hs papns mere l-zra*-i in the piK, bis wristband *»> ciett^e-i in the dr*i mam's L∋, and fci» tuiie Uy beside the loir." * " D; i they b®up him. tfara T " Tbey «wt too sknr in !i< s hsnia sp^n bini. He ni;ed until he sir thtt tbey had tcoa^kt it borne to him. us i ;bfn he He h*s nmr.twn **n since, twit it is said that be reached Anuria*." " And toe walks T ** There are a hundred who have seen it." " Why is the boast etiii hejuj V " Browse it is in the keeping o: the law. Lord Aran had no children, and Sir Lothian Home-the same who «is at the card party -is his nephew and heir. Bo: he can tuncb nothing until he can pcore Lor i Avon to be dead." Jim 1st silent far a bit, plucking at the short grass with his fingers. " Raidy,T aaict he at ia~t_ " ci!i ron come with tne to-night and look for the ghost f It took me altack the very thought oi.it. \- " My mother would not let me." "Slip ont when she's abed. I'll wait for yon at the .smithy." " Cliffe Royal is locked." " I'll open a window easy enough." " I'm afraid, Jim." " But yon are not afraid if yon are with me, Roddy. I'll promise you that no gbost shall hurt you." So I gave him my word that I would come, and then all the rest of the day I went about the most sad-faced lad in Sussex. It was all very well for Boy Jim! It was that pride of his which was taking him there. He would go because there was no one else on the country aide that would due. But I had no pride of that sort. I was quite of the same way of thinking as the others, and would as soon have thought of passing my night at Jacob's gib'rct on Ditchling Common as in the haunted bouse of Cliffe Royal. Stiil I could not bring myself to desert Jim, and so, as I say, I Blunk about the house with so pale and peaky a face that my dear mother would have it that I had been at the green apples, and sent me to bed early with a dish of chamomile tea for my supper. England went 10 rest betimes in those days, for there were few who could afford the price of candles. When 1 looked out of my window, just after the clock had gone ten, there was not a light at the village save only at the inn. It was but a few feet from the ground, so I sljpped oat, and there was Jim waiting for me ac the smithy corner. We crossed the John's Common together, and so puBt Ridden's Farm,, meeting only one or two riding office**'npon the way. There was a brisk ww4>lowyiflr.<&nd.the; m»a kept peep ief tbnmgh the rifts of the scad, to that oar ro*d ni sometimes silver-clear, an<1 tome* times so black that we found ourselves among the brambles and gorsebushes which lined iL We came at last to the wooden gate viih the high stone pillars by the roadside, an l looking through l*tween the rails we ear the long avenue of oaks, and at the end of this ill-boding tunnel the pale face of the house glimmering in the moonshine. That would have been enough for me, that one glimpse of it, and the sound of the night wind sighing and grosning among the branches, lint Jim swung the gate open and op we went, the gravel squeaking beneath oar tread. It towered high, the old boose, with many little windows in which the moon glinted, and with a strip of water running round three aides of it. The arched door 5:0*1 right in the 'ace of u», and on one side a lattice hone open upon its hinjte. "'We're in luok, Koddv," whispered Jim. "Here's one of the windows open." " Don't you think we've gone far enough, Jim T* said 1, wi*h my teeth chattering. *' I'll lift you in firtst-" " No, no, I'll not go tiret" " Then I will." He gripped the sill, and had his knees on it in an ins rant. " Now, Koldy, give me your hands." With a poll he had me up >>eside him, and a moment later we were both in the haunted house. How hollow it sounded when we jumped down on to the wooden floor! There was such a sudden tioom and reverlieration ttiat we both stool silent for a moment. Ilien Jim burst oat laughing. " What an old drum of a place it is!" he cri^. " We'll strike a lieht, Roddy, and see where we are." He had brought a candle and a tinder-box in his pocket. When the flame burned op we saw an arched stone roof above oar beads, and broad deal shelves all round us, covered with dusty dishes. It was the pan try. " III show yon round,'* said Jim, merrily, and, poshing the door open, be led the way into the hall. I remember the high oak-panelled walls with the heads bt deer jotting out, and a single white but, which sent my heart into my month, in the corner* Many rooms opened oot of this, and .we wandered from one to the other-the kitchen^ the still-room, the moming-room, the dining-room, all tilled with the same choking smell of dost and of mildew. "This is where they played the cards, Jim,"said I, in a hushed voice. "It was was on that very table." " Why here are the cards themselves," cried he, and he.pnl!ed a brown towel from something in the centre of the sideboard. Sore enough it was a pile of playing cards forty packs, I should think, at the least which hai lain there ever Bince that tragic game which wa3 played before I was born. " I wonder whence that stair leads." 'toaid Jim. " Don't go up there, Jim!" I cried, clutch ing at hU arm. "That most lead to the room of the murder." " How do you know that f "The Vicar said that they saw on the ceiling. Oh, Jim, yon can see it even now J' * He held Tup hie candle and there was a great dark .smudge upon the white pltater above us. "I believe you're right," said he; "but, anyhow, I'm going up to have a look at it;" " Don't, Jim, don't 1" I cried. ' Tut, Roddy, jroq can stay here if youare afraid. I won t be jno*e than a tolnute. Th-re's no me going on * cbost hunt unless -my God. there's something coming down the stainV I beard it, too; a shuffling footstep in the room above, and then s creak from the'steps and then another creak, and another. I saw Jim's lace as if it had been carved out of ivory, with his parted liDs and his staring eyes fixed upon the black square of the stair opening. H- still held the light; bat his linger* twitched, and with every twitch the shadows sprang from the walls to the ceil ing. As to myself, my knees gave way under me, and I fonnd ntysrlf -on the floor crouch - ing down behind Jim with a scream frozen in iny throat. And still the step came slowly from stair to stair. Then hardly daring to look and yet unable to torn away my eyes, 1 saw a figure dimly outlined in the corner upon which the stair opened. There was a silence in which I could hear my poor heart thumping, and then when I looked again the figure wan gone, and the low creak, creak, was heard once more upon the stairs. Jim sprang after it, and 1 was left half fainting in the moon light. But it was'not for?long. He was down again in a minute, and passing his hsnd under my arm he half led and half carried me out of the house. It was not until we were in the fresh ni^ht air again that he opened his mouth. " Can y-»u stand. Roddy V '. Yea, but I'm shaking." " So am I," said he, passing his hand over his forehead. " I ask yoor pardon, tto<l<ly. I was a fool to bring yon on such an niknd. But I never believed in snch things. I know better now." " Could it have been a man, Jim?"* 1asked, plucking ud my courage now that I cotddhsar the dogs barking on the farms. " It was a Bpirit, Rodney." " How do you know." " Because 1 followed it, and saw it vanish into a wall as easily as an eel into sand Why, Roddy, what's amiss now?" My fears were all back upon me, and every nerve creeping with horror. ** Take me away, Jim! Take me away ! ' I cried. I was glaring down the avenue, and his eyes followed mine. Amid the gloom of the: oak trees something was coming towards us. " Quiet, Roddy !" whispervd Jim. " By the Lord, come what may, my anna areguing round it this time." We crouched as motionless as the trunks behind us. H> avy steps ploughed their ^ way through the soft gravel, and a broad figure loomed upon us in the darkness. Jim Bprang upon it 'ike a tiger. " You're not a spirit anyway,' he cried. Th>- man guve a shout of surprise, and ihf n a giowl of rage. " What the devil-!,*. he roared, and then, " I'll break your neck if you don't let g"." The threat might not have loosened Jini'e grip, but the vokedid. "Why, Uncle!" he criel. " Well, I'm blessed if it isn't Boy J m! And what's this? Why, it's young Master Rodney Stone as I'm a living sinner ! What in the world are you two doing up at Cliffe Roval at this time of night?" We had all moved out into the moouUgiit, and there was Champion Harrison with a big bundle on his arjnand such a look of amaze ment upon his lace as would have brought a smile back on to mine had my heart not sail been cramped with fear. " We're exploring," said Jim. " Exploring, are you ? Well, I don't think you were meant lobe Captain Cooks, either of you, for 1 never saw such a pair of peeled turnip faces. Why, Jim, what are yob afraid of?" " I'm not afraid, uncle. I never was afraid. But spirits are new tome and " "Spirit*?" " I've been in Cliffe Royal and we've seen the ghost." The Champion gave a whistle. " That's the game, is it?" said he. " Did you have speech with it?" " It vanished first." The Champion whistled once more. " I've heard there is something of the sort ap yon der," said he, " but it's not a thing as l would advise you to meddle with. There's enough trouble with the folk of this world, Boy Jim, without goin' out of your way to mix up with those of another. As to young Master Rodney Stone, if his good mother - raw that white face of his she'd never let him come to the smithy more. Walk slowly on, and I'll see you back to Friar's Oak." We had gone hall a mile perhaps when the Champion overtook us, and I could not but observe that the bundle was no longer under bis arm. We were nearly at the smithy be fore Jim a-ked the question which was already in my mind. " What took you up to Cliffe BoyAl, -uncle ? " " Well, as a man gets on in yeaib," said the Champion, " there's many a duty turns up that the likes of you have no idea of. When you're near forty yourself you'll, maybe know the truth of what I Bay." So that was all that we could draw' from him, but young as I was I had heard of coast smuggling and of packages carried to lonely ?laces at night, BO that from that time on if had heard that the preventives had made a capture, I was never easy until I saw the jolly face of Champion Harrison looking out of his smithy door. 