THE PRESTDBtrHAIj ELECTION. It has. teen often raid, and .with much with, that there are only three great autocrat* .^n tne w'orjd— ibe. Czar of tt»«'». the President of the Unit*3 Rtates, and the . Viceroy^ of Tfm^ih £» election q£ a President, there fore,, even in the, quietest tinjes, can never be regarded w^th indifference. £p.t tie present .election is not tnjnnT .place in auiet times. It pro mises Jo be a momentous ejection. Xwu^ing to the. thoughtful and observanFlJew York correspondent of tie Sjfcfriey Morning Herald, . it has already .destroyed the Democratic party, Sne of the two historic political parties 6f the United States. Except in, half b dozen states, the organisation of the party .baa been captnred by this new force in, politics, which cannot as yet mast at any . really aistini$ive tide. ibe cprrespondent says it will keep the title Democrat because of its usefulness in a content, from its. association with tbf history of the country, inn tbe spell it still exerts over neat masses of tije people. But Uie men .who have effected this revolu tion are in no, sense .Democrats as the jtrord has ^hitherto been understood. The old Democratic party was the opponent of .all paternal government. Ijt contended that the Government should go out , of the banking bpsiness altogether, and thaf the, stamping of either paper .or m^tal with an .arbitrary raise, was altogether beyond its proper functions. The . new Derpocrajs believe the exact opposite of this. They not only thinly it fi right, and proper ttat the Government should declare that anything it chooses to select shall have, a special and fictitious value, but in the present instance it wishes the Government to declare that fifty -three cents worth of silver, when it has been thrown into a certain shape and received a certain stamp, shall be worth. a dollar. Out of the forty-five states of the nnion the new Democrats, have captured the party organisation in thirty-nine, and they have nominated tbefr own man, Mr. Bryan,, for President. The result is that the old leaders of the Democratic party are publicly renouncing their allegiance to it. President Cleveland has threatened to discharge any civil servant who votes for Mr. Bryan ; half the. members of the present Democratic Cabinet will not .ejipport Mr. Bryan j and hundreds of Democratic newspapers . all over the country are formally declaring they are no longer supporters of the party. Finally these oil Democrats have held a convention .of their own, and nomi nated General Palmer as their .candi date for the Presidency. General Palmer has not the remotest chance of success, but bis nomination will injure Mr. Bryan, and it will still give a chance to these old Democrats to re capture the party organisation after the present struggle is over. General Palmer may be dismissed, he is only a Isy figure. The real struggle lies between Mr. Bryan and Mr. M'Kinley — between silver and gold, between freetrade and protection. The fact that Mr. M'Eonley clings to pro tection is said to injure him in the struggle. If he stood for 'honest money ' only t)e would still receive the support of the Republican party, and in adilition would obtain the . aid of a large section of the old Democrats. Bat the latter are repelled by his protection, and this ' may prevent many from supporting him although they are in fnll, .sympathy with his currency views. Mzv Bryan stands for freetrade, or rather for such a limited application of the theory of free ex change as does duty for freetrade in' the United States, but that is an insignificant, fact in the contest. The great thing is that he stands for silver, for the free coinage, of silver and. the promulgation of a law making silver equal with gold in the payment of all debts at a ratio of .16 to 1. And the telling point of all Mr. Bryan's speeches is that he stands forth as the champion who is to deliver the. country from ' the plutocrats and their British allies.' He everywhere appeals to the people to throw off, the 'British domination'' which enthralls them. Gold is always represented as the instrument by which Britain holds the United States in the hollow of her hand, and the doctrine is preached that apart from all other .con siderations the people should from patriotism ,, alone dethrone il, by declaring silver, to be .iis equal at 16 to i, and giving people the option, no matter what conditions may . be expressed in their covenants, to pay in silver if they see fit. .This appeal to the Jingo element is felt to be of. great assistance to Mr. Bryan, and . his op ponent has everywhere to bring in some thing about Venezuela or the Monroe doctrine in order to prove that he is a sound American. ... The election takes place bn the 9th of November, and it is significant that the confident predictions of the defeat of Mr. Bryan are no ldnger heard. When he was nominated it was declared bn every hand that be had not a ghost of a chance ; that bis nomination was dne to a gust of passion as fleeting as for the moment it was irresistible. But these things are not said now. A recent cablegram states that Mr. Bryan felt certain he would carry thirty-five states. This wduld necessarily secure his elec tion. The President is technically elected by the Electoral College, to which each state returns so many mem bers according to its population. There are only forty-fire states, and even if the ten which according to the cable gram will declare against Mr. Bryan were the ten most populous in tbe Union, yet they could not outvote the thirty-five. So if Mr. Bryan can carry thirty-five states he will assuredly be President. Bat can be ? That is the question which tbe 9th of November will answer. Then there is a still more im portant question behind. Can Blr. Bryan alter tbe currency laws even if elected I There will then be a President in favour of silver legislation, and it is stated the Senate is at present silver. But the Bill must also pass the House qf Representatives, and there is great doubt if the present House would dsss a free coinage bill. A new House of Representatives will not be elected for two years, and by that time, even if Mr. Bryan were elected, great changes might occur in the minds of the people. But even if the silver men could not immediately carry their point, there is not a doubt that the election of Mr. Bryan as President would be a very notable victory. Mis Eveleen Boles, eldest daughter of Mr. J. Boles, M.UA., and a Gladstone native, says the Gladdone Observer, is one of tbe suc cessful candidates at the examination in musical knowledge held under the direction of Trinity College, Ijondon, in Brisbane in June last. She passed tbe intermediate division with seventy-aix per cent, or eightb on Che lilt of passes out o! Forty -eight entries. The past is the more creditable from the fact that Misd Bales did not decide to compete this year until a comparatively short period before tbe eTaroieation and defeated a number of older pupils who had a thdeb ldnger period of study to sinst them; Mus Boles is studying at All Sallow's Convent, Brisbane. 