fiotion. The Ten Commandments. (Br Georoe B. Shis. THE THIRD COMMANDMENT. (From Lloyd's Weekly,) CHAPTER I. "Now boa good little girl, Li), and don't make It hardor for mo than you can help. Of course wo should have had to part somo day, and if it has oomo a bit oarlicr than I oxpoetcd it's not my fault— It's my bad luck. I novcr thought I should havo to get married so soon, but my governor's mado it tho only condition on which ho'll scttlo my dobts, and you know what a mess I'm in— and— and— . Thoro, don't look at mo like that, Lil !— it makes mo feel liko cutting my throat. I'm hipped enough as it is— don't make it worse for rao, Lil. You're young and good-looking. I'll do tho thing handsomely by you ; and I daro 6ay you'll corno norossadecont fellow— a douccd sight better follow than I am— and you'll marry, and bo happy, and you wou't havo a truer friend In the world than I'll be." Captain Vivash, whob&d; delivered this littlo specon In an apologetic, shamefaced manner, filled his glass with cliampagno again, nnd drank it as a man with a dry throat drinks. Ho had driven Lilian Leicester down to the Star and Garter at Richmond In his dog-cart to make tho confession which was bouud to be made. A hesitating, dilatory man, given to putting off tho ovil day, and under a flip pant, devil-may care manner ooiloealing a generous aud sympathetic nature, he had left until tho very lost moment tho painful task of tolling tho girl who for flvo years bod been his mistress that tho end bad como, and that henceforward they woald havo to bo strangers to each other. Tho girl listened to him silently, but the tears wcro In her big brown oyes, and presently thoy began -to roll down her checks. Sho, too, had known that somo day the connection xnuBt ccasc, but sho had grown to lovo the man under whoso protcotlon sho had lived so long, with whom she had never had an angry word, and who was tho father of her boy. But sho was a bravo little woman, and a sonsiblo little woman, and she wasn't going to make a scone. After all that sort of thing happened ovcry day. Tho men married, and tho girls— well, somo of them married, too ; somo of them went altogether to tho bad,' and some of them broko their hearts. Captain Vivash looked at tho tears in tho girl's eyes, and felt a lump come in histhroat. " I know It's deuced rough on you, Lil," ho said, " but what can I do?" 4 Nothlog, Jack, bat what yon havo done. Don't bo oross with rao for crying. I shall got ovor It in time. But— but I— I'm very fond of you, and I didn't think it would como yet ; and— and— don't you won't to smoke a olgar P Let ns go out on the terraoe." It was a hot August ovcnlng and tho moon was out over the Tbamos. It was an ideal night for lovers to llngor sido by sido on the famous terraoe, and look out over tho softened beauties of that glorious bit of river seonery. But that which was balm to tho hearts of happy lovers only intensified to these unbapy ones tho pathos of tho parting which they know must bo for over. ' Still it was a relief to tho captain to go out into the opon air, out of tho glare of the gas, Into tho soft light of the moon 'Tbo dreamy silence of the night, the low, soft muslo of tho brcozo sighing through the trees, appealed strongly to tbo sentimontal side of his naturo ; and once, while ho stood leaning over tho stone balu&trado; with Lilian's cheek almost against his and looked down at tho peaceful tivor glistening in tho moonlight, bo felt an almost irresistible Impulso to pat his arm round tho girl's walBt, drew her head down upon his breast, kiss away her tcarB, and put off the day of parting indefinitely. But he had gone too far. Ho was engaged— formally engaged— to a girl in every way as boautlful as Lilian, but with the additional advantages of birth and fortuno. It was an excellent marriage for him— overybody said so— especially his croditors. The fortuno that Marion Hailsh'&m; would bring him would enable him to free himself from tho incubus of dobt which had lain heavily upon him over sinco ho completed his majority, and, with a sum of fifteen hundred a year allowed him by his father, began to Uvo at the rate of fivo thousand. ' And tbore was his father to consider. Ho was not tbo eldest son, and tho fortune of tho Vivashes had been sensibly diminished of lato years by tho samo conditions which bad cffcoted tho bulk of tho landed gentry of Eng land. His father had told him plainly that unless bo married money tho end would bo tbo Bankruptcy Court, for Instead of naylng his son's debts ho might bo compelled to decrease his allowanoo— tho estates were not bringing In anything like what they were when tho original arrangement was mado. And so Captain Vivash, with a desperate effort, hardened his heart against sentiment and looked Fato in tho faoo, and grasped his nettle heroically— or, perhaps, from a strictly moral point of view, I ought to say un- heroioally. That night before bo left Lilian, at tho door of tno littlo house In Bromptan, tho throsbold of which ho was to cross no more, he had arranged the tonne of tholr " sepa ration." He was to glvo her a thousand pounds down, and allow her a hundred and fifty a year for the maintenance of tho boy, and the agreement was to bo drawn oat by his solicitors, the oondltion being that she was to do nothing whloh would affeot bis peaoo and happiness as a married man. "I should nover harm you, Jack," sobbed Lilian, as thoy shook hands for tho last time ; " asd I wouldn't tako tbo money but for tho boy's sake. God bless you and glvo. you happiness. Don't fret about me. I— I aaro say I shall get over it In time." "Poor littlo girl!" mattered Jack Vivash, ashodrovo home by blmsolf. "She was a deuced good sort, and I shall never forgot her. If I only had enough to live on I'd havo married bcrto-morrow. Somo fellow will slip Into my shoes presently, I suppose— but 1 musn't think think of that, or I shall be jealous. Oh, dear! what a joliylot of trouble and unbapplnoss It would savo if a follow oould only havo two wives— ono for lovo and ono for money. Polygamy Is a grand institution. It must savo the Turks and chaps like that a lot of worry, and their women folk too. Now, If I wore only a Turk, all I should have to do would bo to Introduco my now wife to Lil, and ask Lil to mako things as pleasant as possible for her till sho got need to her surroundings. As it is, I've got to leavo LU to grizzlo, and I'm going to grlzzlo a bit myself, and perhaps, after all, I shall bo deuced unhappy— but thero, I won't think about that. 01k 1" Ho touched his little mare gently with tho whip, and sho shot away, and as ho sped through the cool night air his spirits roso, and he left tho past behind bjm, and when he laid his head upon the pillow it was filled only with dreams of the fa', are, m - And the priest took the. ring, and delivered ' It unto tho man to pot apoo the fourth finger of the woman's left hand, .And tho man, holding tho ring there) sold, 44 with this ring I thco wod. with mv bodv I thee worahfn. and with all my worldly goods I thco endow ; in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." And evon as ho murmured tho soloron words tho thought of tho man wandered away from tho brido and the altar, the whito- robed olergyman and tho fashionable throng which orowded the flbyreb, and he saw only tho polo, tearful face of tbo woman bo was nover to meet again, and wondered if ever be should love his wife as he bad loved Lilian Lolcostor. He had sworn - to lovo Marion Hailsham better than all tho world besido 1 be had mado his marriago vow in God's name, and tbo priest in God's name had pronounced John Vivash and Marion Hailsham man and wife. And then the organ pealed and tho newly-wedded pair, passed out through the fashionables company into the sunshine and tho orowd of idlers gathered about tho ohuroh portals to oatoh a glimpse of tho flowers and the finery, and tho brido looked modestly down at her, bouquet, and tho bridegroom gave a furtive alauoo round, having suddenly been seized with tbo Idea that perhaps Lilian was thero. And then tho carriage door closed on them, and thoy wore whirled away to the home of tbo bride's parents, whero the frionds Of tho family were assembled to admire tho wedding presents and to ooogratulnte-'tho happy couple, and to wish tnera all tho tho pleasant things which it is usual to wish on such occ&ssions.; And wlioa the wedding festivity was over, and tho brido and bridegroom had started for the country scat placed at their disposal by a noblo relativo of the bride's for the first part of their honeymoon, tho friendsof tho family, who remained to gossip for n littlo while, said it was a splendid match, and one or two of them whispered together in a corner and corner and agreed that tho captain had been rather gay, but, of course, he.hnd sown his wild oats now, nnd, after all, thero was a good deal of wordly wisdom in tho old pro verb, " Reformed rakes mako tho best bus- bands." And sitting In tho railway carriage that was bearing them rapidly to their destination, Mr and Mrs. Vivash, after a few general remarks to each other suitable to tho cir cumstances, lapsed into silence and thought. " Poor Lil I" thought the husband to him- self. " I wonder what sho's doing now— if sho's thinking of mo and eating hor poor little heart out?" And the young wife sitting opposite to blm glanced under her eyelids at tho man with whom she was to spend tho rest Of her life, and thought to herself, " Yes— ho js hand some, and I daresay boll mako a kind hus band ; hut oh ! It only Will find been free, and if he had been the man 1 married this morning, what a much happier woman 1 would bo now 2 flow wlckeu of mo U was to bo thinking of Will in ehurch to-day when I was vowing to love, honor, and obey another If Lilian Leicester bad been rich, and a lady, and Sir William Arklow, of faor Majesty's diplomatic sendee, had not mado a fool of himself when a mere lad by marrying a Vicnneso ballet dancer, thcro would have boon ono ghastly mockery tho less of tho form of solemnisation of matrimony " in tho sight of God and tho face of this congrega tion." Twclvo months after his marriage Jack Vivash had resumed most of bis old bachelor habits. Ho and his wife had, in a perfectly pollto and well-bred manner, agreed that thoro would never be any real affection between them, and they had arranged to give each other as much liberty at possible, taking care, however, oot to let the world bavo tho slightest Inkling that thcro was a skeleton In their matrimonial cupboard. Mrs. Vivash had discovered a convenient nervous ailment which necessitated her spending tho season at Homburg, and tho captain thought it would bo an excellent opportunity for him to make a long-desired trip aod run over to tho States. Of eourso tho foot that Lilian Leicester had, a few weeks after his marriage, gono book to tho stage and joined tho company of a burlesque house In New York had nothing to do with tho captain's dctormio&tlon.; That was only colnelacnce. He argued It out carefully with himself. Ho had never been to America ; he had always wanted to go. Now was his opportunity. It would be absurd for him to keep away from America bccauso Lilian Licccstcr happened to be thero. Ho might as well, had sho remained In Loodoo, bavo given up his town houso, and remained per manently In tho country. Lilian had kept her word, and had never troubled him. She had not even written to him. Her allowance was paid through a firm of solicitors, and to them sho had communi cated tho fact that sho had left the boy with her mothor in London and gono to tho States, an admirable opportunity having presented itself of resuming hor ola profession there. Ho knew why she had gono so far away. She wanted to be where there was no ohanco of meeting him and hiswlfo,or reading about tholr movements. It was her best chance of living down the sorrow that tbo separation bad caused her Captain Vivash sailed from Liverpool with out tnesligbtcst intention of seeking an Inter view with Lilian Leicester. But during the week that he was at sea in very bad weather ho had a good deal of dull timo on his hands, and at night, as ho lay awake in his cabin, feeling oxtrcmcly uncomfortable and low spirited— for ho was not fond of being rocked in tbo cradle of tho deep with a violcoco that, instead of Inducing sleep, banishes It most effectually— ho fell to brooding over his domcstio circumstances, and ho began to tbink that after all bo would havo mado a better bid for happiness in life If ho had married the girl be really cared for, oven at tho risk of playing bavoo with his worldly prospects. Then no began to bavo an eager desire to sco Lilian again. Ho wondered if 6ho was as pretty as ever, if sho was still faithful to tho memory of their lovo ; and eventually he made up his mind that there would not bo any great harm In his just find ing out where sho was, and calling to Inqulro after her health. And so it came about that, when be stopped on sboro in Now York, ho had only ono definlto object in view, and that was to see Lilian. Dlreatlv ha oot to h(« hofal ha haoan to mako enquiries. " Was tho Branson Burlse- quo Opera company still at tho Casino?" Bolng answered in tneafllrmativo, and having ascertained that among tho names on tbo programme was that of Miss Lilian Leicester, who. was playing a small part, ho. wrote a hurried note and dospatehcdlt by a messenger to tho sfago door of tho theatre. " Dear Lilian," he wrote, " I am in New York for a few days and should rouoh like to see you. Will you call at this hotel at ono o'clock to-morrownftorooon ; or, If youprcfer It, I can meet you elsewhere." . to be continued. 