? LETTBBS TO THE EDITOR* RIGHT REV. DR. CHALMERS, OF GOUL BURN, rmtSUS THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. (to the editor.) Sir, — I beg permission to state through, your journal that for the last six. or seven months the abovenamed divine has been exerting his great zeal in endeavouring to prove that Catholics are idola ters. To accomplish this purpose he has flagrantly violated grammar, logic, hermeneutics, charity, and justioe. In his reference to the German picture he violated grammar, tor he stated that : ' JJivus, Siva, Divum' was a noun substantive ; whereas it is plainly an adjective. If Maria is not joined to diva the picture supplies its place ; and the sense is clearly 'Holy Mary.' I defy Dr. Chalmers to quote any Christian writer who before him affirmed that divus, diva, divum was a noun substantive. In this matter he also violated the clearest rule of logic, viz., that the universal is not contained in the particular proposition. On the supposition that the painter and the Rector of the church were guilty of idolatry in the matter, he drew the con clusion that all Catholics are idolaters. That was the scope of his argumentation. We shall see heveafter that he has violated the same rule in Other cases. In his great zeal against Catholics ho has many times violated one of the clearest rules of hermeneutics, which means the science of interpre tation. The rule is that if any person explicitly and clearly states his doctrine, no proposition of his should be construed adversely to his explicit doc trine, if the proposition could be fairly construed in conformity with his clear and explicit declaration of his doctrine. This rule Dr. Chalmers has per sistently violated. Every Catholic believes the doctrine , taught by the Catholic Church. 'We shall now see by reference to the Catholic Catechisms what the Church teaches in the matter of adoration and worship. What is forbidden by the first Commandment ? The first Commandment forbids us to worship false gods or idols, or to give to any creature -whatsoever the honour due to God. Does the first Command ment forbid us to give any kind of honour to the saints and angels ? No ; it only forbids us to give them that Supreme or Divine honour which belongs to God alone ; but it does not forbid us to give them that inferior honour due to them as the faith ful servants and special friends of God. The above is the true doctrine of Catholics, and consequently, according to the previous rule of herraeneutics, no doctrinal proposition of a Catholic should be ex pounded adversely to this doctrine, if it could be fairly expounded in conformity with it. Dr. Chal mers, in a letter published in the Sydney Morning Herald of the 29th ult., quotes words which he affirms he had extracted from the works of St. Liguori. Dr. Chalmers ought to know that St. Liguori was a Caiholic, and that, consequently, all his r-xnressions regarding the Blessed Virsin Mary should be expounded in conformity with the doctrine of the Church of which he was a holy and faithful member ; andj unhesitatingly affirm that every doctrinal proposition of his can be fairly con strued in conformity with the Catholic doctrine ; nnd should, therefore, according to the law of hermeneutics, be so explained. I have already stated the distinction made by the Church between the honour due to God and the honour which may be given to a creature. I now quote from a Catho lic prayer-book the following words : ' Deliver us from all' dangers, O ! ever glorious Blessed Virgin Mary.' If a heretic wrote a book in which he insisted that the Blessed Virgin Mary was in every respect equal to God, and should be treated accord ingly, and wrote the said v/ords in his book, the Catholic Church, would condemn them as here tical blasphemy, in the sense of the author. In a Catholic prayer-book they are passed uncondemned, because in the sense of the author they are correct and orthodox. The law of hermeneutics alreadystated imperatively demands that this distinction should be made. The meaning of the words in the Catholic prayer- book is that the Blessed Virgin Mary is asked to deliver us from ail dangers by her intercession with. God, as she delivered the friends at the mar riage feast in Cana of Galilee from embarrassment by her intercession with her Divine Son. Some Catholic writers state that, whereas the body of Jesus Christ was formed from the pure blood of the Blessed Virgin Mary, it may be mentioned, upon physiological grounds, that the flesh of the Blessed Virgin Mary is received in the Blessed Eucharist. Dr. Chalmers maintains they con sequently teach that the Blessed Virgin Mary is received in the Holy Eucharist. The conclusion of the Doctor is against logic, because it is not con tained in the premises ; it is againat the law of her meneutics because it is against the doctrine of the Church, and consequently against the doctrine of those divines who believe and profess the doctrine of the Church. The late Captain Cook was mur dered by natives in one of the South Pacific islands, they might have eaten the distinguished navigator ; if they did, will Dr. Chalmers hold that in eating the renowned captain they eat his father and mother on the ground that his body was of the flpsh and blood of his parents. Dr. Chalmers affirms that he has heard that some Spanish Catho lics say : ' Glory be to the Father, to the Son, to the Holy Ghost, and to the Blessed; Virgin Mary.' Let us suppose this to be a fact. We must bring the law of herraeneutics to bear upon it. The Spaniards are Catholics, and therefore believe and profess the Catholic doctrine, according to which they intend to give supreme glory to the Blessed Trinity, and inferior glory and honour to the Blessed Virgin Mary as the immaculate Virgin Mother of Jthe Man- God, the Saviour of the world. I shall spare myself the trouble of referring to any other extracts taken by Dr. Chalmers from Catholic writers. I have stated clearly the principle of hermenoutics upon which they can all be solved to the perfect satisfaction of any unbiassed scholar. in conclusion, I desire to write a few lines on the meaning of the words ' Adoration' and 'Worship.' According to the inspired writers, the nature and extent of the words ' Adoration and Worship' are determined by the nature of the object of adoration and worship. If God is the object, they mean Supreme adoration and supreme worship ; if a creature is the object, they mean the homage and respect due to that creature, and no more. Illustrations : —In the Second Book of Kings, c. 14, v. 22, we read : 'Joab, falling down to the ground upon his face, adored and blessed the King.' The inspired writer did not mean to assert that Joab gave the king the supreme adoration duo to God alone, but only the respectful homage due to him as the temporal Sovereign. The word adoration, therefore, does not always mean supreme adoration. In the book of Judith, c. 10 v. 20, we read: 'After she (Judith) had looked on his (Holo f ernes') face, she bowed down to him, prostrating herself to the ground.' In the Latin we read : Adoravit cum. The inspired writer did not mean to affirm that Judith intended to give Holofernes, whom she had resolved to decapitate, the supreme adoration due to God alone, but only the external homage usually given to princes in Asia at that time. In the First Book of Paralipomenon, c. 29, v. 20, we read : ' David commanded all the assembly : Bless the Lord the God of their fathers ; and they bowed themselves and] worshipped God, and then the king.' In this passage the inspired writer uses one word — worship, to express the supreme worship due to God, and the respectful homage due to the king. It is then clear that the word worship means supreme or inferior worship, according to the object of worship. I have shown in this letter that the Right Rev. Dr. Chalmers, in his great zeal to substantiate the charge ol idolatry against Catholics, has flagrantly violated the laws of grammar, logic, hermeneutics, charity, and justice, for which he shall have here after to render a strict account at the tribunal of Eternal Justice. I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, P. HALLINAN, D.D. Ryde, September 10th, 1896. 