SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1896. " Can cities be bombarded from the " sea ?" is the question discussed in the current number of the United Service Magazine. The subject has been often debated in our columns with reference to Melbourne, and we find the conclu- sions of the writer to be entirely in accord with those previously enunciated here. For the most part, we are told, the talk and the writing about bombard- ment of cities from the sea is the plea- sant work of the panic-mongers. And it is pointed out how panic-mongers do great mischief. "They pile up eflorts " and cost on points only remotely in " danger, and they leave insufficiently " defended points which a more sober " and reasoned intelligence would " show to require special atten- " tion." To say that such bombard- ments are impossible would of course be ridiculous ; but on the other hand the circumstances under which the really effective bombardment of a large city could be undertaken from the sea are difficult and rare, so much so that it may be said that there is no record of any such event, and that there is little likelihood of history ob- taining such a record. Attempts more or less ineffective at bombardment are all that are chronicled. The list of such attempts in the United Service Magazine is instructive. Sea-coast villages and hamlets can, of course, be demolished, but these events, like the sinking and burning of coastal vessels, while they inflame passion, do not really affect the course of war. If tho miter in tho butte I Sun e Afftf/a aie had been dealing with the Australian position ho would liai o given moro attention to the Valpaiaiso incident, ninth is tho leading caso so fal as Melbouuio is concerned Yal paraíso is % largo citj mult down to tho watei's td^o, and it was bombarded bj a largo Stnnish fleet in I SOG Spain, as m the present Cuban American dilhculty, showing n dis position to tako a bit barons view ol tho laws of wai Every circumstanco was m favour of Spain Sho had a largo fleet in full possession of tho soos The fleet had stoic ships and tho storoscouldbedraiv n upon with impuniti, thero being no outside enemy to fear Thcro woro no fortifications but only a fow guns used for saluting purposes and tho Chilians did not tako the trouble or run tho nsl of working these but loft tho Spanish fleet to do its work undisturbed, tho fire biigadcs being tumotl out to sub duo flames in the town nhenovei they appeared 'lho end was that tho Spanish fleet, when it carno neal tho ond of its munitions deemed it prudent to withdraw Mr Ii \V WnSON, in his JJ onc/ach m Action, refers to tho heavy loss of tho neutrals, who lost goods in ships, but boyond this, he says, " the bombardment was wholly in "oflcctuc ' 'It is dilhtult, hoadds, " to lccall this useless and pmposolcss " injury to 11 defenceless town without " indignation In tho Pemvian Chilian war man} attempts nt tho long rango bombardment of towns weio made, but tho forcea 11 oro insignificant and tho lesults moi e so At 1 oothow, tho 1 lench Admiral Couiim 1 bom baidcd tho mseiial at his loísmo and imagined that ho had wrael ed it, bul in a month it was at 1101k again 1 or artillory to pioduco the teinlilo efiects of which it is capable the fire must bo concentrated Unis tho walls of a fortress aio breathed and not dcstiojcd And in tho taso of a largo and stat terod city concentration is linpos sible lho íoply of Admiral DUNIUS to tho people who during tho Ciniican Vin nero clainounng for tho boinbaidmtnt of Odessa, and nero talking of lniing the tity in ruins, is to tho point ' 1'ho Black Sou fleet does " not tari j enough shot and sholl foi " tho purpose ' At tho samo timo tho Baltic fleet was coneontiating its fno upon tho foils at Bomarsund and Sneaborg, and was dcHtrojmg thom No fleot, it is pointod out also, can 1 enturo upon a boinbaultiiont until it has eloored tho soas of a possiblo foo, because olhoiwiso it would bo hablo to bo caught altogothoi 01 woil nighdofenco loss If Vi arno lind not boen nntttral 01 fnondly tho Lntish Hoot could not havo vontuiod upon tho bombardmonl of tho foi ta at Alovindna, 'Ihrco parts of tho British stoics 11010 o\haiistod m tho attack, nnd if a hostilo float had mado its appoaranco upon the scuno tho no-ftda), 801110 of tho British vessels I would havo boen littlo moro than dofonceless targets How the Italian Admiral Pins wo was caught con ducting bombarding opotationsatLisaa, and how ho sufloicd ono of tho most cuishing dofeats in lnstorv at tho hands of the Austrian Admual Tim LLHOI, IS ono of the sensational mcidonts of modern naval history Hero tho whole of Captain M MUN s teaching of tho tremendous lnllaonco excited by "a " fleet m being ' comes into play, and the mistakes made by rash commanders of the PIRSV.NO ordor would appeal, after M MI tv s wntings, to bo linpos sible Pn s INO, how over, acted not on his own volition, but undci political pros sui o Thoqucstion suggests itself whothei the modern man of war, winch has to carry an enoimous supplj of coal if she is to bo mobilo, if sho is not somo fine day to lie a usolcss log on tho waters, can bo ns largoly equipped with stoics as the old sailing \ easels Tt is a noto wot thy ciicmiisttuico that tho Cliincso battle ships which steamed away after the fight at tho "Valu River, and tho Jipaneso fleet, which made no puisuit, both gave tho samo reason for thou action, namoi), that then ammunition was exhausted Such considerations as those show that hostile vessels winch had spent a chy bring away at Mel bourne or Fydncy would bo in an awkward position with the Butisli and Australian licet closing upon it 'I ho destruction of that ilpet would indeed bo the preliminary without which the bombaidment could not bo undcitaken by any commander reluctant to end his caieer in disistei Not that these conditions one whit affect tho question of tho defence of the pott Without defences a meie dashing cruiser could bum nil the shipping in the bay and tho uvci, and could fire Vi ii harristown and Port Mclbom ne, anda hostilo llymg squadron might do all that and might throw up batteucs at Point Nepean and might hold tho Heads as against the licet, and might lum oin trade and commerce Om plain dutj is to hold tho poit as a naval base foi the use of tho enipuo and for our own safety But proporty holders can feel sure that this city is never going to be ra/ed or burnt bj a foe, not is com pensation or ransom ever "oing to be tamely paid to a threatening enomj Tho city will never bo captnicd until the Bntish ileet in theso waters has been disposed of, and until troops havo been landed m sufiicient strength to overcomo our land foi ces, whoso desperato lesistance could bo relied upon Our exertions should bo stimulated by the fact that if thev aro buflicicnt they give us the desired reward of secuuty Affairs havo been for some tuno approaching a cusís in the business do partnicnt ot htciatnie 'Iho author, if not positively at war with the pub lishor, is taking pains to make mnuifest tho fact that relations aro " strained " In I ngland the Authors' Souctj, which would perhaps object to be called a ti ade union, appeals to spend most of its eflorts in abusing the publishing houses as an outrageous ovil onlj to be tolerated because they happen to bo nceessurj A writer li! o Su WvLüit Bl SIM might poihaps havo been sup posed to level in untold gold as the ¡nut of tho cmiticntlj popular fiction which he sows broadcast ^ ot no voice has been louder th in Sir WAI II i 'S in tho general growl of nuthordom So fat as it Ins been reduced to the niticulnto, tho outcrj amounts to a chaine tint tho emoluments of litoiatnie nninlj go to tho muidlo man instead of to the maker J ho lions «hare, and an cnoiiiiously dispiopoitionate ono at that, is appro printed bj tho publisher in his lair somewhere between the Strand and St Pauls, wlnlo tho autlioi, unless ho is peichancc as big a lion as his distn buting «ii» ¡ix/t in, must needs con tout himself with a shabbj and rather humiliating dole of tho piofits \\\ hethei theso sayings aie whoUvtiue or whothei thej ate partly truth and partlj dtsap pointed self conceit and partlj gieedi ness, the fact lemains tint almost cvcij autlioi reitciatcs them and aski his mutual protection sociotj to evolvo a remedy 1 von among the writers com monly consideicd successful tho ] iib lisher rarolj linds a champion It is tiuo that Mr Jlur CUM, who is nothing if not remar! able, has at least once plnjed the pait of mho utn\ ihubolt but that gentleman apparently found himself crjuig in a wilderness where sympathy was none It is Sn W\i ii it who is Codlm and tho fiiend Jn lianeo it is /ol i, tho lamo penman who is reputed to mako some twelve thousand pounds a j car bj Ins particular skill as a glorified íoportci oi special correspondent 1 or in Pins also lhere is a Société des Gens do Ï ettie«, and, as botween nuthoi mid publisher, it op paiontly cannot bo saul that thej manago theso things better in 1 ranee lhere also the man with the pioductivc bruin is hugely dissitisiicd with the methods of his temporaiy business colleague, who calls himself tho nhittir, and seems to think that a commission of SO poi cent on tho prouts is a fan share for that particular kind of paitner I hat thero does exist a coi tam amount of solid guovanco must be pre slimed fiom tho standing of nianj of tho complain nits ]f onlj Citiib strcot and the piovinenil weic con coined, it might bu sitspottcd tint wo v oio nicrolj being treated to a modernised fonn of a veiy ancient wail In tho eighteenth century it used to ascend lo the gods in the shape of bad vci ses, telling how a heaitlcss publu scorned the Muse and left hoi pt tests to languish m told obstuiction in Msatia or tho licet Jl nover seemed to dawn upon theso woithies that a public is under no obligation to maintain a man sunplj becauso ho insists on producing jingles ot platitudes which nobody wants TM ii vitwn s suato loply to tho poison who stud " 1 " must live " was " I do not seo tho " nocessity " 'Iho samo answei, put in hard facts instead of woids, has boon given to many i poetaste! bj a public which would not buj It is btill givon bj mun v n publrhci who will not publish, oi who, when lu has ptiblishod, deelnros no dividend 'J ho ciy of Giub sticot theioforcsiguihos but little Hut it is olhciwiso whon the author of Ia Oilua/i, oi ovon of 'lht Mimi* o/ 'Iluhmit, piopounds schemes foi checkmating tho very mon who ponodtially send lum cheques which loss happy moitals might think handsome It cannot be foi nothing that Mr Roiiini JÎUCIIVNVN would mako ovoi V author his own publisher, or that dim threats of an Authors' Co oporativoPublishmgCoinpany should bo sent out to crtop liko pallid ghosts into tho halls wliuio tho uluutcouth century Trypho or Aldus airs his " un " cal ned" opulonco Nor can it bo wholly without íoason that the highly oiiginal Professoi PvtRifh. Gi DDI S thinks it soiiio induoonicnt if thoso authois who publish through his I din bingil housu aro permitted to inspect accounts to which a chattered ae count mt has duly swoin Nor, again, has th it novol mvorttion, the " literacy ' agent, ' been ovoli eil from uttei causolcssncss Doubtless in timo ho will in his tuin becomo tho nuisanco which somo pnrceivo to bo foreshadowed Mtnnwlnle ho is the Inti nnie of publishers, piecisoly bo causo he is tho protector though self inteiested, of authois' claims Vheie writers have boon pliant fiom shyness, sentimont, or ignorance of afiair3, the go between is hard and shrewd, and may bo relied upon to secuie tho best of terms for his own and his clients sike li will only bo when ho leains to dominate tho maikot, or becomes corrupt, that authors will lecall thou A sop and íealiso the position of tho horso that mado war upon tho stag When nuthoiship began as story telling in tho dawn of time, leinunera lion took tho lorm of what may bo termed " sending lound the hat In this way was How it paid In a moro cultured time tho writer was lowarded by pu/os, fees, or pationage '1 hen carno tho age of books in manuscript which the copying contiactor sold in ins quality of booksollei, and as agent of tho author But this position of allairs could hardly suit tho date when "So and so and Co " I ondon and New lork, ' punt, bind, adiortise, and distnbuto their thou sands of copies in all four coméis of tho globe As pationage is dead and pub lislniig bl subscription is hugely dead and ought to bo entnely so, sinnlaily the agent booksellei is defunct, except for odd literature of purely local con sumption It ought to bo admitted that the modern publisher roquues laigo business capacity, entoiprise, and ampio capital, mid that ho should be fairly «.numerated for tho pait which these things pla} in the success of a given nork It is also true that ho sometimes loses ugon a book which proies a failure Noicrtholess, losses like these, except in cases of the rashest speculation, aro but slight when com pared with tho enormous profits upon either a TIRI \RS /»/ n) Chust or a Du MiuiiLiis 'Iruby If it were not foi occasional obvious instances hko these, it might seem as if publishers and thoir books woio Ilka tho Irishwoman and hoi pies, "Sholost oneioiyono, but " it was tho quantity which paid " is it appe us, tho confraternity of authors dispute the ingenuousness of tho avengo statement of accounts, they disputo tho fairness of the pai tition of tho spoil, they disapprove of their brainwork being treated as material for a speculation in which tho publishers profit may bo linmonso and thou own can novor bo more than trilling, ninia on tho other hand the publishers risk is a little cash and their own peilnps months of work Vint they seem to claim io a larger share in the inonei which results fiom their omi tieation, ilthough, as reasonable mon, tlicvaro nilling to leave tho pub Usher not only a handsome inteiest on his capital but also duo payment for his professional exertions A\ o do not pretend to Bay whero exactly botween the parties justito líos lhere are publishois and pubhsheis lor the matter of that there aro nntliore and authors, and has not one publisher issued his countei mamftsto and parabled of connorants ? Mr Ihlfour will move the Address ni fiepl) in Mu. I r-L, statue Council on Ittcadiiy ufter noon nuil X1 r G I Hain stconil the motion Hie debute ia not likcl} tobt u length} oin but no doubt s"venl members will ttikt nilvuntiiReof the op] ortumtv to reply to the slnti nu nts mn It on vni 10113 platforms in the sul urbs ilurniR the recess ns to the Council s riapoiiHibilit) for tbt rejection ol the lae tones an 1 the Compauua Hills J lit card of Mr bínela M Ii A waa pinned}i8tird 1} to the31 itm tin LiMshitut laacmbl) tlinmber on the Iront row of the Ministi nul Cottur n IJOIIIIUL, tin Mint,« ny win re the lute iMr Winter ait Inat scasion Later in tilt dil), one of tilt lal our parly winch oetupies that row, mindful ot the abs nteot J!r Irtnvvttli wrote on the tari Our ntw ltnlcr7)0 tun MnutlmsMr 11 mcotk to BO) to HUB Mr lohn Makinson the new hallway Lomniissiont r «A uitt.il on the 1 renner yeater d ly and intimated he would enter upon lue duties cn 1st Jul) Mr 1 urner expressed the liopt that tua administration ivould be nlteniltd with stitttss anti that the next hart est ninth so lar promised to be til un hint woul 1 result in the revtnue ol the I uilvvny ilepiirlineiit bcniR lnrt,el) nuR nieiite 1 It ia understoo I tliut the question 01 what should bt dont with the retiring lotnmiHsioriira wits tomlin! upon Mr S)dtr will 1 roi ubi) retire on a ptnaion and Mr Moo lrolltdtiott tliewliolt of his attention in future to the locomotive brui li Ittmsnotvet hem di Itritunetl what position Mr lull heal will assume It is ft le Ina eeruces 113 nn uctin" tommissioiiir should le re coRtuaed, mid tlierefirt lit will probably bl t,m 11 flomt new appointment auch us nu out loor tiastst mt to titi "1 lierai minuter, or tin nu litoralnp- nu olltii trtuted b) the net pnasid last masiou Notliint. lion ever util bt decided until tilt next inciting of tin Cul mel Ciptnin Millington, on retirme from the pu«itioti of private secretar) tullí« 1 xcillent) Iln ttovernor next vvtek, piopoaca to proceed to Viciante wliirc forti few weeks lie will le lite (.unit of Chief fttsttte Mil) lord Itttlnrl Nevill will tait up tilt dultts of prívale Bl (Mar) to I ord Unisse) J lie action ol Mr Cuthbtrt the bolioilor (1cm ml in rectird lo Mr J ornitr (writes our llallnrat cot respondent) lins Rum olkntt to 11 section of the tittotnllcrd, m 1 lina led tliitn to ti determination to oppose Ina re election lor the Millington provmte An tmiasiir} from Mtlbouriit lina tonttrrcd with u number of promiutiit ttttotulltra with tuiew to conteat mt. Ina Bent but so fur tia can bt learntd no candidiitt Ima )tt beti) B( leettd Our lirth torr Hpondi nt telcRrnphs that ni (onai tim lite of u in cut ntiitimiut tlint adulteiiiled buttir was I tint, ixporttl trom \ li tona to Mialern Auatrulin tilt local Hurtan of ARritulttiri caused elcjit Biimplea of importt t Victorian buttir lo bt mini}st c1 Um reuult was that two havo bein dcclnrid genuine, one waa ptiaHid though Bliitlttly ndtilti rated, and tilt live otlltra BIIOW iidulttrittion riili¡,uiK from U to 17 ptr tent lvui rtaeiitatiica of the teachers' Associa lion waitui on Mr UiikKi, tho uttiiur score lury lor l'liblie Instruction, ytaltrlii), ami Im 1 btfort him Btvtrul rtsolutiniia pnaBcil at the ( onferentu of ttatlitra held at llullarat tliirniK tilt 1 tiatir holldiiv a 1 lit st lind refer erne to tilt mlaniK of the niertiRe ot,« tor the Bcctind elliss in ooninutioii w it h result ixnmi nutlona , the eniplo)mtnt of ItiBt ulusa pupil tetiolitra at timporury rdi( t work at schools other than tin ir own , tho reootnitmn of ttrtaln torlilloati« for inusio nnd drnwInR , and the riuestlou of iillowlnt' tile holldioa boards of tuti ito arc empowortd to t,ivo .» ho tukul 111 tho 1 natcr vacation Mr ISURRI) dlutiMBcd Hu HI) innttera with tho (limitation nuil promiuiil to forward tilt depiirtmtntnl rt ply next wuk Helor« tun In« tho ripre uontiitheH ¡ntlmattd that stvcral other] resolutions willoh had also been adopted hy tho conference would Bhortly be laid befots the Minister by a deputation. Tho council of the Victorian lillie As 8oeiation have become alarmed at the poor support accorded the annual mutches by the militm infantry regiments. A force of about fittien hundred rillemcn sent only 11 cum. petitora to the last mutches at Williams town, apart from a half-dozen sergeanla, who would not use a nile in action, It ¡9 conaideicd unsatisfactory m the extreme that the force to which we look for efliuiency with the nile should have HO few skilled shot's. The bulk of the shooting men at thcV.lt A. annual matches como Irom the Hangers, Ittilf Clubs, ntidArttllcr), although the last nameil brunch of tile force vv ould on activo sen ico be cn.;iigod solely willi big guns. Colonel Templeton has decided to call tile commanding olhceis of the infantry regiments together to discuss the situation, and determine what steps are neces- sary to stimulate match-shooting 111 these branches of the Defence .Koree. The question of the dates for the nett annual matches is also being discussed, nnd although November had, ns in retoforc, been selected as n suitable tniic of the year a notice ol motion has been tabled with a view to rescinding this résolu tionand having the matches shot in Christ- mas w eck. A deputation irom the Upper Beaconsfield Hallway Iicaglie, accompanied by bir William Zeal, M L C , and Mr. Downward, M L A., icsterday waited on the Minister of liailwnya to nab that n survey Blionld be made of a proposed line Irom Glen Ins to Gembrook vin Upper Bcaconslield. It waa explained that they had asked the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Hallways to inspect the district adjoining the route of the line, but they ielt the) were at a disadvantage aa compared with the advocates of other routes through no survey having been made. It would coat less to construct tina line than the extension from fern- tree Dull), even with the extra mileage, as very diffirult country liad to be traveisid, and 11 straitrht route could not be got. The Munster saul it waa not a question of survey, for the committee could do na much justice to the line without a survey aa with one. Ile thought, however, that the construction ol another parallel line with the Gippsland uml l'c'ititree Gully lines could not be juste lied. Consideration for the country bejond l'erntree Gull) was vv hut waa wanted. The committee were inquiring onl) into the character of the country to see if a suitable district could be fount I for the construction of a nntrovv gauge railway, and n surve) waa not an abaoltite neceaait). Ile would com- municate the representations that lind been made to the committee, and have an inspec- tion of the route made by nn oilioer of the department, in view of the possibility of evidence bung taken b) the committee, but ho could not promiae nn)thing elae at present. Mr. Justicp IIolro)d intimntetl )csterdny, 111 the l'till Court, that when the 1'ull Court list for the present month ia concluded, a court, consisting ol the Chief Justice, Mr, Justice lfolro)il, and Mr. Justice A'lieckett, will be constituted to hear arguments 111 Tlii' II 1 mina a Uml id W'utti not 11 Tnmt ti, Dunitan. The proceedings in the Insohencv Court in the matter of lloong Nam, 11 cabinetmaker's manager, which have Listed lor about 14 dajs, during which about 40 witnesses, mostl) Chinese, have been examined, con- cluded )eaterda), when Judge Molesworth gave Ins decisión. '1 lie question ut issue was the ownership ot certain cootia anil chattels, valued at about 1210, aei/ed bj a judgment creditor, mid now claimed b) Mr. .1. G. Mitchell, the trustee in the insolvent estate ol lloong Num, Thej were nlso claimed by Khan Meng, who carnell on the cabiuctmaking business at 287 Little Lons- dale street managt d by Huong Nnni Judge Molesworth, 111 giving judgment at consider- able length, declared that the goods and chattels in question were the propertj of Khan Meng as against the trustee, and that they must be delivered to Khun Ming or bia solicitor within four da)a, the trustee to pay taxed coats within seven da)s of the taxa- tion. Mr. Smyth, instructed by Mr. Kune. aepenred for khan Meng, und Mr. Duffy and Mr I,, b Wooli, instructed by Mesara Maddock, lohnsoti, and Jamil son, appeared ior the trustee. It is stated that the costs m the case amount to ¿100 At 'lliursdnj evenme's meeting of the Northcote Town Council 11 letter was re- ceived from bir Graham Derrj stating that, with Mr. James btrvice, M L C. (Mr. Harper's representative while in Ungland), be had interviewed the l'remier with ngari to the direct railvva) line to the northern suburbs, anti Mr. Turner lind repeatetl the promise made to the Assembly last sealion that this would be the mvt line referred to tile Kailwajs Standing Committt e. At the meeting of Hie Trades hall Council jesterdaj evening a cnmplnint wns reciuid that the tenders lor painting nu I veil) stations were being (aken at a price which made Blunting uinonir the workmen imperative, lu the conrae of a general liscussion it was stated that the minimum wagem Govern- ment contracts was practically a farce, aa the prices at »Inch the temiera were acceptetl vvi re mvanabl) too low. It waa decided to submit the subnet to the executive, and the council then went into committee to con- sider tlie proposed new labour platlorm. Mails which lift Melbourne for London by tlie H M b Alameda on the Uti) May were delivered on the 17th mat. '1 he bnllot lor the election of five members to thecouncilof the Incorporated Institute of Accountants took place jeatertbi), ami re- sult! il m Misara li. li. Untier, li 1'. Hastings, J. M'A. Howden, Wr. b. Kueker, and 0, 1 emplcton being elected. An exchange of appointments lins beep urranged bl tween the Kev. John Dun burn, oi ht. Mattlnis'a, Richmond, anil the lîev. T. II. liust, M.A., ot Holy I mut), Oakleigh. Archdtueon Lungley will conduct the respec- tive induction services, .it Oakleigh on Ned neailn) evening, 1st Jill), uml nt St. Mat- thias a, liichmond, on the lollowiug own- ing H Al VC Cerberus will proceed lo sea on \\\ eilm sdti) next for a course of exercises and tube tiring She will most likclj put lil at Gi i long, mid return to hir moorings on Titeada), ,10th 111st. Councillor V G. Wood, the president of tin Sahire Council of Cuullield, lins ilehmtel) de- cided to aland at tile next l'lirliiuin mary election ior the Dandenong und llermclt eli dornte. "(Juten Victoria as Woman, Wife, and Mothir," is tlie tille of n lecture to lie t,ivtn by Mra. T. 1!. Andrews on Monda), -"'til mat, linder the patronage of Ilia 1 xcillinc» the Governor and Lad) lirassej, and in the preeence ol Lady llraase) Tlie suhjict should be lull oi interest to Australians, who are lojal it nnjthing, und it ia one willi which this talented )oung lecturt as, who ia so ardent au atlvocate ot the ''Womanly Woman," Bliolllel feel quite at home. Hu, Andrews, who ia a \ lotorlnn, has not venlied the proverb-11 prophet has no honour in his own land. She bus in a remark iblj short lime made a reputation 111 Melbourne as a betunas ot no ordinarv powers Her literary ability and grace ol at)le and bir finished elocution have been warmly appreciated by tile intelligent lind intellectual clnssta among Melbourne people, und lier vilorta have been revvardid with large audiencia at the Athcntcum hall, bir George Verdon vvillprt Hide at the lecture. It is niinounccd thal hitit the pioceeda of Mrs. Andrewa's lecture on the (.lueeit will ne given to the Queen'« l'tind 'J he plan ot reserved scats will be opi ned ntGlen'a to tin). 'Hie annual demonatrntion in aid of the Latrobe street ltngged behool will be niven m tlie Melbournn Town-hall on Monda) evening. 'I he Homteopnthic Hospital Hall Is to take place in the Town hull, Melbotirne.on Wtd nesday evening. ne\t. Arrangements have been made with tile tramway rompan) tonnt I etc trams at intervals up to 1 p.m. At the meeting of the Alfred Hospital committee jesterday nfternnon it waa de rilli (I to ask the treasurer nutt the linance committee to bring up a report showing tho lniancial position of the hospital, BO as to take into question the propriety of perma- nently opening the unused wing. 'I he iirst annual show of tho llriinsvvick and Coburg Canary Improvement Club was opened in the Mi chumes' Institute, Uruna wick, jeaterdii) afternoon, mid was well attended. There was a verj largo number of eui nea. The following menang« was received tout night at the Klee trio 'lelegrnph ollice, Mel- bourne, from cjueenselill :-"'IL'ï pin; Large Bteumer, niipjtrentl) outward bound, went aground in Weat Channel, near Ni», 'i gus bin»), hist quarter Hood title. Does not uppciir to be in uti) danger, nnd will probably Mont oil lient iloodtidc. Now Iirst quarter ebb." vii liavi iceelvril u liiinillionk foi prnspeitor», bi- vi Hum, nail iithtn, milli..I "Miglu (luid mit) lliivv tn H lu It," li) .Ininti Unit Pi 11111 Sinai» A ,1 billilli und Co , ot SitiiuNinn stint, ve lune luulvitl |iitrt 1 til "Itujal Aiailintv I'liltirn" 11 hitiin of iipioiluttlnnii 1» the pillans now being tvhlhltiil tit Hie Ho)al At Dili mi I vlillillloll In I mulan. Immil «1 « "U1 |>li nil III tu lim "Miiirnrllli of Arl" .vlwi the "Villtilli I'niiilllig Hook," nu 1 tullun pluilit« hook foi liiitinni'iH . , 'Hie hl\ Intimi ininti! .li111.red lu Auk bishop Cair nu "Hie l'llumiv of I lit lion. l'on lill" hum linn |iulill»lnii lu hook form lu Ml 1'. I Vi rai. tit Utile Inllins »In it 'Hie Ldlttti lenna Out m'« tt liait nt 11 11 in to innri im, tailing ni I'nrliirllnirltiii, lli'llnilnc naninia, mid Hulong, Hallion tkkcls iojucd on Saturdays for rxcelaior and Courier aro available Jor rttuin ptr I dina on bundi" s 'Jht lît\ W í aro) A\ard dtslres lo acknowledge receipt of lus fiom A A A in aid of (tit- Chmtsi vlio suilninctl Io s bj Uro rtecntl* ut II nUhorn The lîev Or Itintoul will (omitido hin present rom st of lee tun. s in the Stott s Church to mirri« e\cninp when he *wll discourse on tht ' I solution pt tht Pap io '* Atttntlon is directed to (he advertisement in Another column of tht South \ irri mid Prihnui TIitivtrsil\ 1 si. winn Icctur« i on the ' Golden At,p of Ipjptian Histor)," which \ ill commente on Qtiesdaj evening no\t \ nu vire m tonnt t( Ion with the \\\e=»\o> Church Pleasant bunda\ Afternoon Association will he licltl in tho Melbourne I ou n hall lo ni >rro\\\ ulir noon An orean und orchid ni ltcital will lie iritui from half past .¡lill o tink Ih< RI ' will consibt of a b nunn or mldrtsi In th ltc\ V iiiliall. of btols Church the IIIUMC will be supplied In Mr \ruus Ik lumont, tht Allbslon Quartette Pirh cuchi ti i mid ore, mist \ rollet lion v jil he taken up i" ml of tho ni pi I shett r rtlief fund administucd hv (lu histor, and the South Mirra Homo ior talk ti Wornt ti multi tht direction of tht (mtrd Mivdon in 1 mídale etrtot \L\M Spence, of \dcliidp will delhtr a letture tomorrou aítuiuinu at halfpist í in tho Austra linn Churth on 111 lit nu < mile Idt ii It ia intimated in <m adwttisinp toll n w that lenders % ill hu ittciwd at the huid ullin, of the Ixinirhuuh I oundn Cmipiri\ Limited until noon on lupsdav nt\t for pinch u»e of Ha«« of land in Bout h Melbourne Atention w directed to nn nth ort cement in our Special columns rnpottiiif? Ihumltrholt i \ ittnt adjustable automat it nun mc governor, n model of which ii btiup txldliiUd ux\ tht urti» isc-n oí the Singer bow im,'machine Compati) in the I isomtnl corner of tht 1 quifiblc Lift* Assurance aopict>'s building. Collins street The special guinea tollertitip cirds for the en dowment of tht \ ictori in Children's Permanent CoL arc now read), and ma» ho had on applk-it.on to the tset rotarv, Cluldren'a Hospital, Carlton Over 3-10 carda havo already been itwued The annual ball In aid of the Mähern charities will ho held lu the Prahran 1 own hall on I rida* next \ Tumble Tair, in lid of the fundí of the Vic tonnn ladies' Work Association, «ill ho held on Saturday next in the Melbourne lou ti hall lad* Ilrasse) will opon the fair at half past * pm A list of tit« stall» and stallholders will be found in , the "Amusement" columna TO-DAY'S ARRANGEMENTS. V.A.T.C. Jane Meeting. Kirst flace, 1 30 p.m. For Other Sporting Fixtures, see Sporting Columns. Auction Sales, sec Abstract, page 2 SUNDAY. Pleasatlt Sunday Afternoon Anniversary, Town hall, Hawthorn, J p m. lecture by Miss Spence, " Democratic Ideals," Australian Church, 1 tindera Btreet, 3 30 p m. Tor Church Services, .Vc., sec page I). 