Poisoning. This method of breaking the sixth commandment is popular with a cer tain class of miscreants. Men of in fernal proclivities but weak nerves re sort to it as a clean and quiet way of getting rid of uncongenial wives and troublesome companions, a way which is supposed to be safer than shooting, throat-cutting, axing, and the like. Women with a taste for homicide, from the time of Nero's mother to the present day, have generally preferred poison to every other instrument of murder. In the days of the Medicis of the Borgias poisoning vose to the dignity of a fine art in Italy. Cather ine de Medici, it is true, was not in sensible to the attractions of emphatic and wholesale slaughter—witness the tragedy of St. Bartholomew's got up under her direction—but she cultivated the art of silent murder with great assiduity and success, and now and j then indulged in a little family prac- ; tice with infinite gusto. After leading j her son, Charles IX., by the nose for i many years, she poisoned him through j the same organ. All the Borgias were • also experts in this branch of deinonism. j In the middle ages, however, poison 1 was a much safer weapon than it is j now. Then the most accomplished J chemists of the world manufactured : it for the worst purposes. The man I of science who had produced a new ! and subtle philter warranted to kill j without convulsing was sure to obtain a splendid douceur for his secret from some prince or noble or lady of high degree, who, to use the classic language of a modern murderess, wanted to * cook somebody's goose.' But nowa days these things are not managed as they were in the Medicean and Bor gian eras. All the resources of che mistry were then directed to the de struction of life, and never, as at present, to the detection of the means by which it was destroyed. It is next to impossible for a modern poisoner to evade punishment. The symptoms which follow the administration of all deadly drugs and chemicals are familiar to the whole mfedieal' profession. | Analysis, like an avenging Nemesis, j confronts the perpetrator with the proof of bis crime. The stomach of the dead victim is a more potent wit ness against the criminal than spectres were supposed to be against the ' secret men of blood,' 400 years ago. We need no ' choughs and magotpies.' to bring the deed of the poison-monger to light The flesh, not the ghost, of the dead appears from the grave, and consigns him to the gallows. 