THE MASTER CRAFTSMAN. NOW FIRST TUBLISHED. BY SIR WALTER BESANT, M.A., Author of "All Sorts and Conditions of Men," "Hcrr Paulas," "Tha World Went Very Well Then," "In Deacon's Orders,' &o.; TALL RlailTS RESERVED.) Chapter XXII. And now I havo to relate tho occurrence of a very surprising incident. It was not only eur- prislngin the wny it happonod, nccompnfticd by oireumetnnces thnt have a kind of supernatural appearance, bat also in the time when it happuncd. Had it been earlier, or had it bacn later, this history might never have been written; 1 Had it ever happened nt all, what might havo become of Isabel? And for myself, I might as woll havo jumped off my own quay into tfio flowing river for all tlio hope or joy of living .that would have bcon left to me. The wonder of tho thing is that it was not found out long before. A hundred tithes nnd more the placo had boon searched ; an accident might have revealed the secret ; a jar, a fall, might have thrown open the hiding place ; a casual cnbinet mnkcr might have. found it out had he looked in tho right direotion. But kindly fate left the discovery to me. The room allotted to mo for a bedroom was that in whioh old John Barnikel's bare and naked foar-noster was standing. When T was first shown tho room it had no other furniture than tlir lour-postcr and the old man's sea chest. Tliey had now ciotlipd the forlorn bedr stead and put in certain chairs nnd things so as to mr.ko a habitable room of it. The window fared south, aud as it was on tho second floor it looked ovpr the boat shed upon the river. Hero I slept every night in tho bod where the old Master Mariner died, quite untioubled by any thoughts about him or tho long lost diamonds and unvisited by tho ghost of thoir fotmer owner. It was in tho beginning of August, when .the nights aro still short. F.rhnps it was a hot night; perhaps thore was more nois. of passing steamers from tho river than usual — the Silent Highway is generally much noislor than Cheap- side by night as well ns by day ; whatever the couse I woke up, starting suddenly into wake fulness; it was early dawn, but the light was rapidly increasing. My, blind was np ; my cur tains drawn ; my window wido open. I lay lazily watching the sky in tho south grow lighter— grey at first, and then suffused with some of tho Eastern glow — a tender subdued glow like tho color on Isabel's cheek which so quickly oomea and goes— the tell-tale glow. Perhaps had I not begun to think about Isabel I might havo gone to sleep ugaih, in whioh cpso tliia thing would not have happened. Th. gr6y hues passed away ; tho rosy hues passad away ; thero remained tho clear deep huo of early morning before tha smoko begins, wlion the sky is sometimes like tho sky of Africa for olearness and for depth ; and wlion tho river, with its bridges and ita boats, oil asleep in silcno., save for the wish and wnsh of tho ebb and flow, is an enohantcd stream. ' Presently I oloscd my eyes again,. Contrary to reasonable expectation I did not go to sleep again. It was that kind of hopeless wakeful ness which makes sleep past praying for — I in sist upon thispointon account of what followed, which was not a dream — for I was swako ; but a kind of vision, and only remarkable beo&uso; it coincided tyith the discovery. Do not suppose that I attribute this vision to any supernatural interference. Nothing of tho kind. Neither tlio ancient mariner, the mas ter mariner, nor the unfortunate Nabob, or whoso existence I first learned in the vision, over appeared to me or nilliotod mo with ter ror's. I havo nevor boon in tho least afra'd of ghostB. Had old John Burnikcl corao to my bed side I would havo had tho scoret of the diamonds out of him bofore I let him go, as sure as my omo is Gcorgo Burnikel. But ho never came. He made no sign. I think he must havo forgotten in the othor world all about his diamonds; his ghost never onoe nppoaredto me. Had It doilo so I would havo had the great' secret, I say, out of him in no timo. " Ghost !" I should have said, "whoro are tlioso dia monds ? IV ho stole them ? What is tlio truth about them ? If thoy wore stolen and havo long sinao been dispersed, lot me know. If they still remain to be disooverod, somewhere or other, tell me where they aro. I adjure tlieo — I command thee— by all the charms and spells that yon ghosts are fools enough to drosd, tell me where those diamonds are !" That is whnt I should havo anid. But tho only man I know who ever claimed to have raised a ghost — and that was also tho ghost of a sailor— told me that he was only too glad to lot him go back again b.elow, below, hclow ; aud that, though as brave as most, lio did not daic to ask any questions. I don't believe a word of it. However, ghosts nro scares ; perhaps I should liav. behaved jn the same manner. And this I take it is the easo with most, otlicrwiso ws should kuow more about certain things wlio-o uncertainty is some- timeejlisagreoable. All you have to do is to raiBc your ghost and not bo nfrnid of him. There wss no ghost, and yet the air seemed this morning full of the Burnikel legend. There ivns n sound of n 'ship slowly making her way up tho river — a Hamburg or Norwegian stenmcr perhaps': ono is novcr nllowcd perfeot cairn at Wapping. I lay on my bnclc in the old wooden four-poster, whioh they had fitted with a spring mattress instead of a fentlior hod, and I leonllcd tho wonderful story ; how tho old man one night displayed his hag of precious stones, worth any tiling you please ; how ho told the coueins it would be theirs ; bow, a day or two afterwards, lie wait fouud dying, and told them, colleotivoly, that thoy kuow whore tho ting was kept; how thoy did not know, but searohod and could not find it, and noaused each other, and fought and sepa rated. I lay on my hack recalling this old atory, whioh was chiefly interesting because it was a story without an end. Another intorert it might havo if ono wore io consider how John Burnikel got tlioso diamonds, because tho old man's romance of tlio Great Mogul and the invitation to fill his packets in tlio Royal Treasure Vaults was clearly too ridiculous ; it was so very plainly invented with intent to docoive. Now the fiist thing thnt happonod after this awaking was a vision. It was a very odd visiou. To begin with I was not asloop. To this day I oannot understand how tiff's vision, of all others, oame to mo. Ono nover drosrrts original plots of novels ; quito new stories never come to anyone ; and this story, oxcept for one littlo half forgotten eircuinstnneo was quite new. Somo novelists havo protended that their plots c'omo to them in dreams, but I do not holiovo it. Dreams and visions aro erratic, incoherent and unconnected things fpr tho most part. That makes' my vision nil tho more remarkable. I BUpposo I must havo dropped into somo kind of bodily torpor. I am sure I was not asleep, beonuso nil through tho luminal, I know thnt I was lying on tho bed, although tiio action of the piece, so to speak, wns olsuwlime. How ovor that inny bo, it is really useless .to explain or account for a vision. The ono thst came to me was, so to spsak, a mngnified atid embroi dered iffcco of work, springing from , loraothing that Isabel had once told me, Why, I had quito forgotten it. She was talking nbout her people, who wore no more illustrious in station than my own; and she informed mo tlmt onco there was a strnnge man among them who had rim away to" son and oomo homo again in rags 20 yoars later, raving about a fortuno ho had lost in India. Nothing more than', that. A very slight material of .wliiah to coustruot a vision.. Yet it camo, nnd as long as I livo I shall holiovo .that tho vision was. somohow a revolu tion of tho truth sent to me just bofore thb great diBaovcry. . . It bogan by my stopping out of' tho. house- but I kiiow all along that I was in tho bod— and walking down the narrow lano landing out of the High-street to Wapping Old Stairs. Thoro I found, sitting on the stairs, nn elderly gontio- mnn dressed in olotiies extremely shabby. Ho wore a coat of brown olotli, he hnd worsted stockings, lint frayed and worn at the edgo— quite a poor man, ho seemed to be. From his dress it was evident that ha belonged to tho eighteenth century, whioh I like ip consider as > pioturosquc period. Ho sat upon the top step of Wapping Old Stain, and bo looked across the river. And as he gazed the tears ran down Iris face. It is not often thnt ono gets the ohanas of talking to > man of tho oighteenth century, but it seemed not unnatural. I sat down beside him nt if it were the most natural thing in tho world.' " What, air," I asked, timidly, "Ib the causa of this grief ?" Ho sighed heavily. "My diamonds i" ho said. " My diamonds ! " " What diamonds? I am a stranger to your time, worthy sir, and I know nothing of your diamonds." "What troubles me," ho said, "is that I thick I must have lost my soul in getting tiicm together, in whioh case I have thrown away my eonl for nothing." "Dear me, sir, this is serious Indeed." "Yes, young man, thoy wore smnised by scraping and grinding, nnd squeezing nnd skin ning. Nover, were people ground down moro miserably, and it was I who did it, in my miistet's sorviee. In the service of ths devil, I think. And now I have lost the diamonds ss woll. What havo I got in exohnbga for my sonl ?" I ought to hnr. thought of John Burnikel at this point, hut I did not. "Tell mo more about tha diamonds," I said. "Onco I was a Nabob," he began, totalling a sigh as deep as an Artesian well. - . "Really? A Nabob? I thought a Nabob bad a earrings nnd four nnd troops of servants." " Ohce I w— a Nxhch." Then he stepped and looked around him suepioiously. Th. watermen lay asleep in their boats. It was a Sunday afternoon in summer. Tho ships were moored in long line, down the river from London Bridgo, which we could not sco for tho beud, down to the Lowor Pool. " Is there no ono here but yourself ?" ho whispered. \- "No one. And I belong to the next eontury." '.' So yon do. And you can't lock mo up in a mad house, can you? Oh ! It's dreadful.to be in d mad houso when you arc not mad ; hor rible ; they knock you about ; they starve you ; they abuso yon ; they chain you up ; when you aro not mad at all. Young man, never, never, if you can possibly help it, lock up anyone in a mad bouse." I promised him that I would not. "They" put mo in, on account of theso lost diamonds. Thoy said I was mud." " What diamonds, then ?" " Sir, it relieves my grief to tell the oauso. I was one of those unluoky youths who cannot remain nt home and do what the others do. I had to run away when I was 14 to prevent being apprenticed to Boms vilo trad& — saddlery, I believe. So I ran away and went to sea — and whon wo got to Cnloutta, because tlio captain was a brute and tho mate was a brute, and tho ho'e'n was a brute, I ran away from tho ship, and wont up country and entorcd th. service of a native prince. And him I sorved for-twenty years and more— served well — squeozed arid ground and skinned his people for him. And I got rich in his service, for ho gave mo great presents. I told you — I was onco a Nabob. Great presents ho gave me, though Ire was a devil." " Very good, so far." "When ho let me go T carried down to Cal cutta all my treasure In jewels and gold pieces. I bought jewels of which I understood the valuo vory well, with my money, and put them in a bag with what I had already — along nar row, oanvos bng— and put the bag in a leathern belt, where it could not bo seen. And then I took pussngo in a Homeward Bound witli all ray fortune upon my person worn night aud day in that narrow leathern belt. Lots of peoplo brought treasure homo from India that way. It was thought a safe way." "Woll?" Ho sighed heavily; "On the voyage," ho resumed, " I holiovo soon r.ftor sailing I was taken ill ; it was brain fever, sunstroke, or some thing. Wlion I camo to myself again I was on shore— brought ashore and taken to Bedlam bccquso Lwas still disordered in my wits with my fovc'r— or my sunstroko!" , " Oh ! You woro taken to Bedlam." ' "I Was takon to Bedlam aud kept there — I ;dd.n|t kn'ovy.how long. Whon they let mo go and I remembered things, tho bolt was gone. Tbo bolt, with tho diamonds, wsb gone, I say !" "Who took it?" " I don't know. Soma sailor on the ship por- haps. The keepers at Bedlam, perhaps. So I wont homo to my own people, who lived nt Canterbury, and woro saddlors. And when I went home in rags they drovo me- oat, and whon I'rdvcd about my diamonds, thoy looked m. up ngain in another mad bouse." AU tiffs timo I never thought of old John Burnikel at all. . "That was vory unluoky. What was the, narao of tho ship? " I asked him. "I cannot romcmbor. I havo never been able to remember." 1 "Or of ths captain?" " I cannot remember." "What is your own name? Oan you remem ber tbnt ?." . - ' Samuel Dering." "Oh? Are you by any aooident related to Captain Doring and Isabel, kiB daughter, both living in the yenr 1895 ?" " They will be my great- grand-nephew nnd groat-grent-grand niece." "Then they, ought to have the diamonds if they woro found ?'.' " Certainly they ought. I givo them to Isabel. Flosso tell bcr so." "And tho namo of the captain." For just tlion I remembered tho old sailor. " Was it John Burnikel." "It tvui," ho sprang to his fcot. "Captain Burnikel it was. Whero is ho? Whero is ha?" "Dead, my friend; dead for nearly ninety years. As dead at you youtsolf." Hs looked nt mo reproaabfully, and the vision vanished. . I wns.Iying in the old man's bod and gazing , at., the sky.. It was nn old trick of tho brain, more especially as I had never hoard any hint or suggestion of ths kind. But to tiffs moment I . havo believed firmly that I dreatned tho truth, and that old John Burnikel simply out the. bolt from the waist of a paisengcr gone mad for the time witli sun stroke or somo other cause ; that tbo passenger rooovere'd afUr landing, but oould not remember, tho name of tho ship or tho captain, and that ho was tho great-grandfather of Isabel. - Nothing in the story at all, excopt for the accident which followed. My eyes foil upon tho aea chest. It was a large iron hound trunk ; the sea obest of an officer,' not a common sailor, who is only allowed, I bolieve, a sea bag. Tho moro I looked at that chest tho more' I thought about the uufortunato Nabob turning all his fortuno into preoious stones and tying them up in a canvas bag worn as a holt. Tho vision, I repeat, wns eo olonr, the words were so plain, that I ifful not the least doubt about tho truth of tho thing. John Bnrnikol had grown rioh suddonly by robbing a siok man of his fortune; No one ' susp.oted him ; no ono' can trace gems unless thoy are very largo indeed ; no ono thought that' lie possessed any precious stones till the last year or so of a. very long life, aud then he accounted for their possession by a cook and bull story. Hod the injured man, this poor rulnod Nsboh, follnd hiin out ho could bring no.chargs. against him, for he had no kind of proof. Aud, then an irresistible desire soized me to search the chest .once , more on my own account. It bad boon ransacked, I knew, timo after timo by R6bertsand Ills predecessors. Never mind, I must look for my -a If. So I sprang out of bed, and dragging ths box' out of tho corner into the middlo of tbo room I threw opoii tho lid and began to soaroh, taking out tlio contents slowly, ono by oue. Tb. chest had bcca left just as it was sinoe the old men's death. Nothing hnd boon- tnkoii nwny; on|y it bad been searohod a' hundred times. Every soparnto member of the family had sonrched it ovor and ovor agnin for tlirco generations in hppes of finding that lost fortune.; But in vain. And now it was my turn. Tho chest' contained a collection of curios which showed travel. It was dividod into two unequal compartments, one about 2 foet'6 inches long and the other about 18 inches. Both com partments were provided with u tiny about 2'2 inches deep. The things in the ehest were not wranged in ardor, but just lay aboot, obo on 1 tho other, piled up, juat as thoy wero thrown in by tho last who examined the contents. The things wcro not suoh as wo should now call rare ; they consisted of curios brought from voyages in the far East and sen going things of the time. Thus, an anci.nt'rudty flint hnd stbol pistol belonged to tha sailor. An Oriental dagger must havo been picked up in aomc nntivo ship in Caiiout or Bombay. The mariner's compass, tho roli of Charts, the tele scope, tiio sextant, tho largo silver watch — ' belonged to tho sailor; so, I suppoto, did. a mummified flying fish whioh still prcsorvod something of its ancient satt sea smell, a carved sandal wood box, one or two Oriental pipes, a large figure of Buddha or somebody else, looking Bnpremely wine and philosophic, or porhaps theosophic, certain silk handkerchiefs mostly eaten by moths, Blippers in gilt leather, a book of Hindoo pictures, ugly and fleshy, one or two things in mother of pearl, half a dozen gold rings, 20 or 30 silver bangles tied together ; all thesethings spoke oi tho Eastern traveller,1 and, a iiundrcd years ago, would be thought curious. Tho first thing that made mo jump was leathern belt lying at the bottom of tho box. A leathern belt ! Why it confirmed, I thought, that strango stoiy concerning tho fover-strickon passenger. Ho bad liis leathern belt. Well, but anybody may havo a leathern belt. And this was quite a common thing— a broad strap , with a buckle, black with wear or with ago. I took it out nnd examined it. Now, which wad a very remarkable coincidence, tho leather was double ; it could bo pulled open along ths uppor long slim bug as was described by my imaginary Nabob. I passed my fingers along tbe whole length of this curious double holt — tho seoret holding belt. No, 'thore wero no jewels left. Nothing more was in tho box of the least importance; nil tho' things lay on the floor boaidc tho box, the thing itself with its lid'wid. open stood below the window, tho full light falling into its two compartments. As you know, I am a fairly good band nt a lathe, and I am by trade a practical boat builder, a orafts- man ; my oye is therefore trained.' Now, as I looked into the empty chest thinking about thst belt, I perceived that nt tho back of tho obest in tho larger compartment tho longer side was not quito at right angles with the bottom of tho chest. The difference was vory slight,, an inclination of a very few degrees from tho right angle ; still it wns there, and to a practised eye,- quite visible. But in the smaller compartment, the right angle left nothing to be desired. It wns a true right angle. Was tiffs occi dental? I lifted the obest and changed its posi tion. Yes, there could bono doubt about the inclination of the lower two inches all along the bnck of tho Inrgsr compartment. I turned tho box ovor ; the back was perfectly rectangular. But here again Iobserved a curious point. Th. chest wns solidly built, tho wood was thlok "all over, but the wood of tho baok was two inches thick. Why had tliey taken suoh extraordinary precautions to strengthen the chest? And thon a strange sense of sxeitoment fell upon me — because I was now quito certain that all theso signs mennt something whioh I was going to discover. Tho obest was lined with paper of a pattern , whioh contained, at intervals of four or five inches, a black tliiok line — ono of theso lines occurred just above the beginning of tho angle. Tho effect of tho lies was, of course, to darken tho part just abovo and just below. Now, when I looked narrowly into tlio place, I fauoiod that I saw below tire lino another whioh looked as if it was a solution of the continuity. Two inches below, at tbo vory bottom of tho oheBt, there was a mark of smno kind, but not that of a solution of the continuity. ' A practical man iu the boat building trade nover goes about, ovon in his bedroom, without a good strong jack knife, ono that will servo many purposes, if necessary. I found mine, and I tested this apparent junoturo, Yos; the blade penetrated easily, I passod it along tho box, backwards and forwards — tho wood croaked, being old nnd dry. What was "tho meaning of tiffs slit? I turned tbo knife round. Tho wood slowly gave way and this part of the box, grindingly and grudgingly, opened. It turned on orcaking hinges being kept in plaoo by two rusty springs. I drnggod it quito open with my fingors. It was a long, narrow, slightly eurved shutter fitting tightly to the side of tho box at a small angle almost imperceptible. B.bind, the thick wood of the box had been hollowed out ; and thus a secret cupboard was found, the existence of which would never be suspcotod. In that narrow reoess lay tho thing for wbioh everybody had been searching for nearly a hundred years : tho oauso of tho cousins' quarrel and separation : tho long narrow bag of brown canvas stuff liko oue of tbe old fashioned purses only open at the end instead of the middle. "With a beating heart I took it out. The narrow brown canvas bag— just ns the ruined Nabob had told me — did he appear just then in ordor to tell m« ? I laid it on tho bed. It was tied v.ry tightly with string at one end — there were things in it ? What things? ' I threw tlio bag on tlio bed and "leaned oat of the window. Tlio morning nir was froah; tho sun was bright; tho river— I could see it over tho boat shad — danced in tho sunlight and tha breeze. I sat thero for somo timo — I know not how long— iny brnin running away with me filled with confused murmurs — as of pooplo all talking together ; th. origiual Robort and George clamoring for a division ; old John him self telling us how tho great Eastern king bado him fill his pockets and fear not ; tbo poor old raggod Nabob sitting on Wapping Old Staira in order to bewail his loss, and Label whispering that I should be better without these diamonds- A curious jumble of voices aud of thoughts. Perhaps it was not tho bag of diamond.. I left the window. I dared to put the thing to tho proof. I cut tlio string with my knlfo and I poured out the contents upon tho sheet of tlio open bed. Heavens ! What a shower was that which descended! Danao herself never saw so fine a sight. They, fell iu a small casoado of splendid light and oolor— dinmond, pearl, emerald, ruby, sapphire, jaspor, topaz, beryl, opal, hyacinth, turquoise, agate, every conceivable gem poured out of tbo long sack— 2 feet 6 inches long and 3 inches broad— nnd tlioro tliey lay before me in a heap, glittering in tlio morning light. Tlioro woro thousands ol' stones, large and small ; not rough stones, but all cut tmil poliehud. (To be continued. J 