NEWS OF THE DAY. Yesterday's early Sitting of the Legislative Assembly opened with a thin House, but the attendance Improved as business proceeded. The Premier's motto It "Push on and get to an oarly end." Ab members are loquaoioue. and at the aahio time desirous of release from duty, Mr. Turner might take a hint from the tactics of the New South Wales Premier, who tails his House, " I require so muoh done at tills sitting. Tha sooner you get through with it the sooner you esn , go, but tho work must be accomplished beforo we adjourn." Viotorian legislators, when once thsy sntor on a subjeot, frequently do not know whon to atop their tongues from wagging, though thero aro of courso honorable excep tions. Members might very oasliy, with advan- tage to themselves and benefit to the country, .condense what they have to say into ono quarter of tho speechifying whleh they ne« indulge In. If voluntary aotion is not taken in tlio dlreotion of economy of epceob, ths time will come when a compulsory limit will bs set to verbosity. Yostordny business began by the Attorney. Genoral moving that the question of Introducing a Lapsed Bills Continuation Bill should be referred to the standing ordors commlttoe for their consideration and report. It was men tioned by Air. Isaacs that the praotloe of taking up a moasuro at tho stago to which it bad ndvnnccd in a prcvions sees on obtained In England, South Australia and Now South Wales. As, howovor, what ho submitted was only a' preliminary proposal, ho refrained from going fully Into tho qusstlon. Sir John Al'Intyre avIio, sinoe his elcvntloh to rank as lender of tho Opposition, has developed a oarping style of criticism, professed to seo in tbe mea sure a design to flout tho Upper Home. Tho Premier, who seems ,omc. times amused, sometimes pitiful, tnd' sometimes annoyed at Sir John's obtrneionr condescended on tills oeoasion to point out that tho Ifousa had nothing to do with "another' plaoo," nnd was Supposed to ho master of Its own business. Tlio Government, ho added wan noting In tho interests of tho country, ami had no intention of casting a slur on the other House. Mr. Aladdan, always mlvarse to scy thing of a progressive oharaotsr, observed " This Is just a proposal suoh ns might he expeoted from the proeont Government." "Hear, hear," shouted tha Government gup. porters In olioruR. Mr. Alston, tho Chairman of CuiMiuiUeeu, gavo ciis motion a very cordial support, reminding the House that owing to tlio saorlflolal method of dealing with bills at the end of a session it tqok him 15 years to get tho bill for tha amalgamation of tho legel professions passed. Ho also observed that through the death of Sir James Patterson there was a vnaaney in tlio standing orders oommlt- t.s, nnd suggested tlio oleotion to it of 8|r John Al'Intyrs— a course which was subsequently adopted at tho instanoo of the Fremier. The motion was eventually oarried. The consideration of the Railways Manage- mont Bill was resumed In oommittee, end a long controversy ensued on tha amouetof the proposod commissioner's salary. The flguia proponed by the Governmont was to bo "not moro" than £3500 por annum, but theeom- mittoo having on the previous night rostrlelid tils Hold of soleotlon to Viotnris, a smaller salary, tlio Premier obaorved, would, under then oiroumstsnoes, probably suffice. Air. Tutaer, however, expressed an intention of asking the House to reverse ths oommttteo'a dcc'ulua as to tho field ef loleotlon and to givo him the whole world to choose from, and therefore he ndhoreil to tho maximum salary stated In the bill. Air. Webb's conetitutlonal antipathy to high salaries Impelled him to mov that ths maximum bs only £2000. At this stago the ootamUtoo was entertained with nn Im promptu oharactor sketch by Mr. Longmore. Old and larno though tha member for Demle. nong in, he sprang from his teat with sglllty, stuck his thumbs in tho arm holes of his veil, nnd, with a broad amila and dandiHed gait, strutted across tbe floor saying— "Yea havo brought ma out from homo, and it Is not to ho supposed you hnvs in Victoria a msn equal to me. For I'm the Great Mogul." Whilst dspteoatlng tho importation ot a managsr, Air. Longmore agreed with Mr. Webb's proposal to strike £1500 off the pro posed salary. Many speakers followed, whoei- pressed an opinion that tho maximum salary pro posed by tho Govorntnont was on too sxtravagent linos, and a fow who took the other view nrguad that any aorious curtailment of tbe amount would not be complimentary to Vio torian talent. A quaint suggestion was made by Atr. Cook. ' Let tho oommieaiooer," be said, "have £1000 a year anil an aighth por aant. of the profits to sharpen his wita." "Rather," Interjected Air. Hancook " giva him a percentage on the deficit." "In tlint case," Air. Cook replied, "his earnings would bs n continually Increasing quantity, nnd ho would in reality becoma a 'groat Alogul.'" On a division being taken Air. Wobb'a amendment for £2000 wae oarriol by 26 to 22 vutss. On the clause giving railway employfoan appeal in discipline oases from the individual heads of thoir roapectlvo brandies to a board consisting of those heads, five in number, Mr. Bromley movod that tho board should also inoludo a representative of tho worklnon, appointed by the Govornor in Oouneii. Considerable opposition was shown for n time to this proposition, but It wns ultimately carried without a division. V Tlioro wns another long discussion on ths clause I debarring tlio cotnmlasionEr from receiving depu- taliona and Imposing that duty on the Alintatsr. It was a provision which distressed a nutnbar of mambere, abielly repreeontstlves of country constituencies, who did nut relish tils notion of not being pormitted to interview tho commissioner whon "on tour." It was ex plained that, whilst deputations to tho commis sioner would uot bo allowed, morohnnte aud others might approaeli him on purely huelsete matters. Atembers whoso reputation hang on sorviees rendered to constituents wore indig nant at tlio idea of having to take a " back aeat " when the commissioner might be in their diatrict. Sir John Al'Intyre sssayed to solve the difficulty hy moving that the com missioner should only rccoivo deputations whon authorised by the Alinistcr, but this wns rejcctsd by 27 to 12, and tho olattso was then agreed to. An amendment by Air. Flak, making day laborers who have boon in the railway service for fivo years eligible for permanent employ ment, wns aooopted ; us wns also one by Mr. Outtrim, rendering railway properties, other than refreshment rooms rented for private ubo liable to munioipal intes. The bill was then reported to the House with amendments. Next week tho estimatoe are to bo proceeded with to a finiih, end if thero ii time tho Railway Bill will be passed through its final stages. The publication in The Age yesterday of the correspondence relating to tlc appointment oi Air. Speight as Chairman of tho Victorian Hall way Commission has oxcitcd tho wrath oi Air. R. AI. Smith, who was Agent-Conors! nt the time. On tho motion for adjournment in tha Assembly last night, the member for Haw thorn protested against tho "supplying Tho Aye with confidential matter," and he aaksd who did it. With an un troubled conaoiencs the Premier replied that ho had no knowledge of the matter. Air. lb M. Smith tiion enlarged on tlm "grievous ohaiac- tcr " of tho episode. Ho would havo liked to have edited tiie publication of tlio docu- mento, but admitted that on the whole he had nothing to complain of personally, except ae to tlio dinolosuro. Indeed, ho " flattered himself tbat bo had oome Tory well out of it," but it was au " outrageous proceeding " ! Tbo Premier promised to mako an inquiry as to how the docu ments got into the hands of The Age, hut held out but small hope of a solutlou of the question. The R.AI.S. Arcadia, which loft Albany at 5 p.m, on Thursday, is expeoted to reaoh Adelaide to-morrow evening, and there being no train tc Alelbourne on Sunday her mails will bo for warded by Alonday's express, arriving ic Mclboumo on Tuesday morning- Tho Education department, to make the so quirement of ths English language with exacti tude more pleasant to saliool children than by moans of the ordinary reading, 'Is issuiog monthly a journal called the School Paper, which boys and girls may purshaso for Ojd. Tho first number, adapted to pupils atteudiag th. third class, has reaohed us, and oan bs commended as an interesting production, full of variod reading matter, nioely iliustratid and containing a short pises of music. When tlio Culf of Siam, wliloh was tbe pioneer steamer of the dircot trade between Molbourno and Alanchostor, left tbe port some time ago tho Aliuister of Agrioulture placed on hoard a number of carcases of mutton consigned to tho mayor of Alanobester for distribution among the poor of that city. Ilia Worship waa asked to undertake the distribution of ilia meat, and tho hopo was expressed that tho gift would bo the means of encouraging cordial relations between tho two oitios. Afr. Tavernor yesterday received a cable messago from tho mayor stating that tbe mutton had arrived, and thanking tbe Alinister for his generous notion. The head of . a would gladly do all ho oould to encourago trade rotations botween Manohostor nnd Victoria. Shipment'! of butter to Englaud continue to show n falling off. By tho 11, M.S. Australia, which lenvos Port Molbourne to-day, tho quan tity to he despatched totals only 226 tons. Tho demand from tho oth jr colonios Inrgoly account for tho doclino in tho export to London ; but the season generally in bad, nnd reports from he factories show that the quantity of milk coming forward is muoh loss than laot yoar. Yostcrday tho noting manager of tho Mcl bourne telegraph offioe, Mr. II. AV. Jenvcy, teooived a report from Euola, tho joint South nnd AVcHt Australian telegraph station on tho Australian Bight, stating that business was still very much in arrears botwoon Euola and 2'orth. Although tho wires worked all tiro previous night thore wero yesterday still on hand messages fivo days old. The line from Adelaide to Kuala (South Australia) was working perfectly, but boyond Euola was oh&os.; Tho rostmastRr-Gonoral of "West Australia felt himself constrained to issue tho following humiliating notice to tho Adclnido nnd Mel bourne telegraphic authorities : — "On, account of the congested state of tho Eucla lino thiH department ia roluotantly compolled to suspend all urgont business with the eolonics for tho present. Please accept no moro urgent one- tngca for "West Australia until further ad vised." A doleful picture df the state of affairs pro railing in the building aud cognato trades in Perth nnd on tho Wost Australian gold fields yonchcd tho Trades llatl Council last night. A fonnor member of the counoil, Mr. IT, H. Far- rail, alnrmed at tho heavy exodus of tradesinon from Mclbourno westward, wrote from West Perth, imploring the counoil to solicit tho aid of The Aye in oudeavoring to atop tho whole- halo outgoing. , . At the present time, lie wrote, there woro two mon in West Australia for every one required. Provisions and rent woro very high, a three- roomed cottage costing 25s. per week. Carpenters and brloklnyers wero walking tho stroets absolutely unable to find work, whilst those fortunate enough to drop into employment oarnod from 7s. to 10s. per day, but in the majority of caies wero only on half time. Thousands of mon were prospecting with but indifferent luclr, and tho gambling, so rifo on the fields, providod a profitless outlet for what little oapital they had. Hundreds more were leaviug tho country in disgust. Tho writer ventured tho opinion tlmt ihers would bo better opportunities for trades men in about six months' time, whon the rail way to Coolgardic will have beon completed. This letter was tho only item of importance heforo the aouneil, which adjourned shortly after meoting until Friday next. On Monday next, whioh has beon proclaimed a publio holiday, all post offices will be olosod at 10 a.m., and thero wilt be only the first delivery of lottorby candors. No money order or savings bank business will bo trausaoted. Telegraph offices will be open from 8.30 to 10 a.m., aud from 6 to 7 p.m. Lady Braasey has accepted the position of visitor of Trinity College Hostel, an office which was held previously by both Lady Looh aud Lady Hopotoun. The announcement of tbe death of Mr. John Young, the Melbourne manager of the London Bank of Australia, which took place at bis resi dence, Dunluco, Balaclava, ycBtorday, will bo rocoived with sincere regret in banking and social cirolos, in whioh the deceased gentlo- man was hold in the highest estimation. For a great number of years Mr. Young was connected with tho London Bank, and assisted Inrgoly in building up its extensive business. The financial arista of 1893, which involved tho reconstruction of tho hank, was a severe blow to Mr. Young, and he never wholly recovered from it. Some months ago ho mifforcd a stroko pi paralysis, and his health has gradually failed sines, so that tho news of his demise does not como as a surprise. Mr. Young was 61 years of age, and JcaveB a widow and a large family, all of whom are grown up. Tho funeral will tako place this Afternoon, the oortogo leaving tho deceased's late residence nt 2.30 for tho St. Kilda cemetery. According to tho vital statistics published in Inst iiigfht'a Uovcrnmcnt Gazette, tiio births dur ing the month of Dccemttjr totalled 1041, whilo the deaths numbered 751, tho exoos of births over deaths being 290. The birtlm were slightly moro numerous than in the corresponding month of the previous two yoars. Tho deaths showed a marked increase over tho uniformly low lovul of December 1893 nnd 1C94, but no fewer than in tbe correopondlng mouth of any previous year sinoo 1884, except 1892. A special excursion train will ruu to Forn Tree Gully thin afternoon, louring IVmcoB- hridge at 1.33 p.m, , nnd returning at 5.45 p.m. Fares nro Is. 9d. for adults and In. for children. A similar trip will bo mado on Monday, start ing at 10.10 a.m., leaving tho Gully at 6,45 p.m. Vacancies in the Education department aro ndvertiBod iu tho Government Gazette as fol low .-—First femalo assistant, second clnss, 260, Geolong ; 583, South Ynrrn ; 1183, "Willlams- town ; 1252, Carlton North ; 1396, Richmond ; 1976, Bendigo. Firjfc femalo assistant, third class, 1189, Bendigo; first femalo assistant, fourth elasK, 547, Seymour ; 1646, St. Arnaud ; femalo assistant, eighth olass, 1054, Ohewton ; 1167, sScbastopol. The annual competitions for tho Percy IValkor prizes took place recently, and the results are now published. Theso prizes aro the outcome of a bequest by Mr. Percy Walker, a State school teacher, who loft £150 to provide prizes for the heat boy and girl nttonding tho West Melbourne and North Molbourno State Kchooli. Formerly the prizes wore £3 and £2 value, but they havo increased considerably, nnd now the first prizo is £15 and tho second £9. In tbo competition for boya Giinnar Gundcrsen was first, and Alfred White second, and in the girls Ada M'Donald was first, and Eva Garbutt second. The Rev. Jamas Maker, of Pekino,. South Australia, who has been appointed by tins Popo Iiialiop of Port Auguota, had acted as adminis trator of thediocosu sinco the removal of Dr. | O'Reilly to Adelaide. When tho vacancy in the I bishopric of Port Augusta took place, tho I clergy of the dioceao met, and nominated Donn 1 Kyan and Father Maher for tho successors to 1 bishop O'Reilly, the latter being placed aecond, I ami Dean Ryan first on tho list. On these names a the Bishops of the Province of Adelnide reported 1 io tho Pope, who thon chose Father Mahor. 1 The new bishop was born nt Bnllynell, Co. Tip- 1 perary, Ireland, in 1842, nnd waa educated at I the Cisterian Moratory, Mollcry, Co. Wator- J ford, and St. John's Ecclesiastical College, Water- i ford city. He was ordained in 1868, and'nrrived | in South Australia srjnc year. He was ata- I Honed at various times at Kadina, Mount Bsr- I kor, Adelaide and Knpuudu. As administrator of tho diocese of Port Augusta, Dr. Maher attended tho second Plenary Council of Aus tralasia at Sydnoy in November laat. What were alleged to bo tho fossil bones of tho missing link between man and the apes wero xhibited before tho Anthropological Society of Berlin a few nights ago, states our London correspondent under dato of 20th Decem ber, The Bubject, the Pithecanthropus ereetns , was introduced by tho dis coverer, Dr. DiibotB, of Loytlon. Tho bonos, found in Java, were displayed on tho table iu two glass cases, by tho side of which were laid a number of skulls and skeletons of human beings and apes for comparison. After Dr. Dubois had delivered a lucid and ingenious address in dofenco of his views on tho Pithc- unthropus ercctus, tho eroot ape man, or so called " missing link " between tho npo and man, a di«oussion followed in which ho waa supported by Herr Kollmann, Ilerr Nchriug and other authorities. Professor Virchow, on tho other hand, argued with characteristic clearness that tho skull in question exactly resembled that of a large gibbon. Ho held that thero was no reason to suppose that it had bclongod to any othor creature th&u; an apo, and added that tho thigh bone might have belonged to a man, but it was just as probably that of an ape. Tbe tectli resembled human ones, but were not identical with thenu Ho hold that Duboiu'H discoveries did not ntall provo tho existence of an antediluvian ape- man, cveu if it were oertam — which It was not— that all tho bonca belonged to one body. Superstition still rotaius its hold ovor the miners of South Wales, writes our Lon don correspondent on 20tli December, lor somo days work was suspended at n large mine, and 300 mon war kept in voluntary Idleness. It appears tlmt strango and unusual sounds were beard by some of tbe miners. Two of them were sitting side by side nt a turn In the underground pas sages, beyond whioh were mllos of old Workings. Suddenly from this unknown region came a ftuo- cossion of piercing walls, horrible to hear. According to tbo Western A/off, wbioh investi gated tbo ocourronco, the pitmen took to thoir heels, and asthoyran eprend the alarm. The report spread throughout tho mlno that it was unhallowed, that some ominous influence wan busy in tbo workings, nnd tho mon docllned to doflcend into it. Their fears wero intensified by another omen. In tho early hours of Sunday morning a dovo was found at the pit's mouth, nnd this, although It was neither white nor blank, wan regarded as a ghostly messenger. Tho mystery became dnopcr and deeper, hnd tho moro it wa&discusscd; the more extraordinary it appeared. A gamekeeper hoard strange voices flinging dirgen near n neighboring Methodist clmpel, whioh was built near tho site of an old monastery, and at the very hour, 4 a.m., that the miners hoard tho wails in theunderground workings. At tho same weird hour a door In ono of tho galleries of the mine was seen to opon nnd shut itself. Tho managers of the mine showed moro coolness than the men. They askod the Government inspector to make a full investigation of tho workings, aud ho, in oom- pany with tha men's agent and a small party, made n thorough examination and etmo up with a most satisfactory and rensiuring report. Whereupon the men threw aside their fears and went beiow ngam without any attempt to exor ciso the ghosts or goblins by whom they had been so terribly frightened. Our London correspondent, writing on 20th Douembcr, Bays : — Tho cablo brings two important items from Newfound land. The first is that the Premier, Sir William Whiteway, hasagain left fur Canada with the supposed object of ronewlog negotia Hons for the ontry of the colony 'Into the Canadian Dominion. This mission follows so closely tho arrival of tho new Governor that it may be assumed tlmt in Mr. Chamberlain's opinion absorption by Canada is the beat means of getting out of tbe finaiftts! muddle into which Canada bas got hcrsolf. The second item is that the colony has romittcd to England the half yaarly interost on its debt. This is, so far as it goes, good ; but tho critioal time, unless Canada comes tn the assistance of Newfound land, will bo in Juno noxt. Messrs. W. L. Bnilliou and Go. and Messrs. John Vale and Son will hold fcu Impor tant Halo of freehold properties, on Wodnondny, 29th inst., on behalf of the Modorn Permanent Building Society, who will accept in payment deposit receipts of the society at thoir face value. The directors of the society undertake to supply to purchasers any quantity of the deposit receipts they may require, at 10s. In the pound, which is a new feature in oonucotion with sales of this kind. Tho annual inoeting of tho Victorian Railways Mutual Benefit Society was held at Spencer- street station on Thursday, Mr. It. G. Kent, Secretary for Railways, presiding. Officers wero elcoted as follow for tbe ensuing year Trepidant, Mr. W. Fltzpatriek ; vice-president, Messrii. R. G. ICent and O. E. Norman ; treasurer, Mr. H. W. Hawkeswood ; secretary, Mr. J. Southnm ; committee : For Melbourne- Messrs. Byrne, Purcell, Cody, Twltohett, Holland, Manderson, Galbralth, Lindsay, Gordon and Carter; for l'ort Melbourne—Mr. T. Burgess; for East Btighton — Mr. A. D. Mackay ; for St. Kilda — Mr. W. Thatcher ; and for Nowport— Messrs. James, Wood, Garliok, Roberts, Jaquos, Moloney, Hunter, Junner, Fairehild and Britt. It was deoided that £60 bs distributed amongst ohkritable institu tions. A Masonic service is to bo held at tho Mel bourne Town Hall to-morrow afternoon, under tho auspices of tho Duko of Richmond lodge, and will be made the occasion of a special collec tion in aid of tho Womon's Hospital and the Hospital for Sick Children. The Rev. Dr. Bevnn will preach, and it is expected his Exoel leney the Governor will bo present. Wo lmto received tho following additional coft- f ribu LiotiH to tho 'i'mnwlth testimonial fund P.T., &.; M.M., Bortarllngtou, 1b.; J.C. and J.W., Yarck, 2n. From Mr. .1. D. Williams, Danks-itroet, Middle Park, wo have rorclvod 20s. towards tho Middle Park catastrophe fund. A lecturo on a State bank will be delivered by Mr. .Tamos Mlrntus at tho assembly rooms, Eastern- urbado. to- morrow ovoning. A third railway excursion to Uio BaliArat Exhibi Unn will take plnco on WednoHday noxt, the 29th. Time and fares ate advertised. Mobrm. I). Langrltlgu and Ron will sell by public auction properly ximato Ueiliy and Ballnrat Htreots, ColUngwood, on the promises, at 3 o'clock to-day. An oxnminntioii of applicants for llcenco as shorthand writer under tbo Evidence Act No. 2 will be held at tho Law Courts on Saturday, 22ml February. A lecture on tlio Working of the Land Tax In New Zealand will he given by Mr. P. J. O'ltegan, mem ber of tho New Zealand Parliament, in tho upper ball of tho ALhomcum on Tuesday next. The secretary of the JJotnocmtfc Club desires to dotty that lb has nt any time advertised for " variety artists," and states that any such adver tisement has appeared without its knowledge) or commnt. What Ifl callnd tho Garmelita carnival in aid of a heavy and pressing doht on tlm Middle 1'ark K.C. Church is to ho opened next Saturday at the town hall. South Melbourne, nuil will be continued for a fortnight. Wo havo received from Messrs. Gordon and Goteh Limited aedfoy of the first issuoof a new London illustrated paper, published by Sir Georgo Newnes and Co. Limited, entitled IFomon's Life. The paper la profusely illustrated, and contains 48 pages of reading matter. To-day the paddle steamer Oznno will lenvo the Fort Melbourne railway pinr at H p.m. for Queens- cliff and Sorrento, conveying the hand of the First Victorian Regiment, which will return by the Ifygoia to-morrow. On that day the Ozono will start at 3 p.m. for fichimpper Point, calling at St. Kilda each way. The secretary of tho Allona Bay Estate Company notillofl by advertisement in another column that owing to a temporary licence for selling liquor having boon issuod, Against tho expressed desire of tho company, no picnic parties will be permitted to enter tho grounds of the company ou Monday next (Anniversary day.) Messrs. Huddnrt, Parker and Co. announce that tho paddto steamer liypoia leaves tho Port Mol bourne railway pier nt 2.30 this afternoon for Schnappur Point and Dromana, calling at St. Kilda each way. To- morrow (Sunday) sho will proceed from Port Melbourne at 11.10 a.tn. for Qucenscliff, Sorrento nnd Dromana. The dedication festival services in commemora tion of Uio llfth anniversary of tho consecration of St. Paul's Cathedral will be continued to-piorrow. Tho sermon in tho afternoon was to havo boon preached by tho Bishop of Ballarat. hut his modi- ral advisors have forbidden his officiating. Tho UuDclujnh Chorus will ho sung after the afternoon sermon. Sir William A. Zeal. President of the Legislative Council, is nnnouncad to tako the chair nt Mrs. T. 11\. Andrews's lecture, Men nnd Wmuen, to ho given In t lie Athciucnm Hall on Monday evening. 27th inst., nml a number of members of tho Legislative Council, tho Assembly and tho learned professions nro to he present. Mrs. Amlrewa'R Hrst lecture on tiro subject some few weeks since was ho relished by the largo audience that listened to it, and was embellished with so many charms of manner and diction, that sho haa every right to look tor an equally cordial recoption on the present occasion. 