PORTFOLIO. \--C-- It has often, I believe, been a great comfort and encouragement to those who enter on this pastoral work with' a true and earnest desire that they may be found faithful in it to remember that in this office, as its very name implies, they are fellow-workers with Him who, in this as in all things else, has left ns an example. The pastoral ofice-does not that bear witness to One who was and is the Shepherd and Guardian of our souls who, when He desired to teach His disciples something of the height, and length, and breadth, and depth of His exceeding lore for them, chose to speak of Himself as tim Good Shepherd, "knowing His own sheep by name, leading them in and out that they may find pasture; gathering together those that had been scattered; laying doen His life for the sheep." I believe also, brethren, that no true pastoral work ws? ever done by anyone who had not realised this work of the Great Shepherd. The " Love of Christ"--not onur ove for Him, bat His for us-is that which "constrains" men now, as it eonstrained St. Paul, to do and to suffer all things; Without a belief in that love as wider, deeper, foler- than any lore which we may feel to those to whom we minister, we cannot work with any energy or any hope. The tenth chapter of St. John ist therefore, the true pattern of the pastor'e work, the manual of the pastor's ofitee. It tells as how we may be made followers of the True Shepherd, neither thieves, nor robbers, nor hirelings, nor intrnders. In proportion as men havo lived by it, they harve taken heed to that flock " over which the Holy Ghost has made them overseers." It has enabled men, in dark times and in the nidst of much error, to work upward to. the light. The fervent desire to follow Christ in this work of His, and to work, with Him in it, has C made true pastors out of men who, with oat it, might have been dogmatists or B dreamers. But I am persuaded also, ) that this prophecy of Ezekiel is a very necessary complement to the record of the Evangelist. We cannot splc one of its terrible denunciationr. 1!_.: we L know how to avoid the evils vhiclh thi condemn, we may fidl nd,,r tlei santence. We may dcny .r flol:t ·or T calling. We mn bLe in flian;,gr of iiearing the me-sage which thi Lot;I God sent by the prophet, " Behold, I a n against the shepherds."-Dan Pl ._ I re. 