BAY RONALD, . Or, ;hen .: George the Third was King. 1 NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' .BY MAY CROMMELIN, (AUTHOR OF "DEAD MEN'S DOLLARS," "GOBLIN GOLD," "A JEWEL OF A GIRL AND JOINT AUTHOR OF "VIOLET VYVIAN; M.F.H.," £o. . . CHAPTER XL.— (Continued.) -The action was much from a man so impassive though so courteous to the gentler sex. . His significant tone had a' wonderful' effect on the French woman", who was thought so designing and unscrupulous by the Rookhurst matrons and spinsters. A sigh of re signation, yet nope; swelled her ampie bosom; She looked up at him like a fawning spaniel that has been muti nous because of neglect, but which can easily be coaxed' back into submis sion. . 4 i Ratcliffe went on, satisfied. "Lucy is drawing attention by her sorrowful 16oks ; vou must try and persuade her that this is hardly decorous. If other means fail, could you riot give her a<bint about Patty's disappearance' ftoiri t)ie neighbourhood/ being due to Dick .Saxby." "No; oh,ho!" Madame looked distressed at the suggestion. . " That is going too far. Not now, Pierce. I have a conscience after oil; He died, you see,, and it would be a shame when- our fiautire petite was So fond of him. Besides, Patty might , come back and tell' the truth any day." . ' "She must not. Miris Murdoch must see to that. The old hog is de voted t'o Richie, and' will take good care to keep- the girl, out of the way at her brother faiihh'orise in Suffolk: If the brother is like the. sister lie won't lei; a mouse out of his claws." ' So saying the Captain left the room in some displeasure. Madame, gazed after him, gesticulating with hor ,hands. ,. . " There ! gone in a huff and thinks me ridiculous, fastidious. Bah ! what hard- hearted wretches all men are, Look at him ! so insensible: to the Bofter feelings, yet capable of friend ship. So obstinate sometimes, yet veering this way and that at others. See how he forgot me after he left Paris ; what. a fool was I ever to follow hirri ! But there— he is my fate ! arid after all he, does like me and would tbiss me were I to go away." This last was true, for Ratcliff's in timacy with Madame Dupre had grown all the closer , since Lucy's illness. The beauty of the Weald being un happy loved solitude these days, and Ratcliffe; although moody, disliked to be alone. . The neighbours had now grown to accept the fact of a pla- toriie friendship between Captain Ratclifie and Madame ; and their tongues had even ceased to wag about it, although Miss Murdoch still Bneered, remarking that platonics were gone out of fashion. Lucy, if warily questioned on the subject, always hqnestly replied that they were great' friends, and for her part' that she was glad of it. Especially now she in- wa'rdlv felt that Madame relieved her from the strain of keeping up continu-. ally in her uncle's company. Soon after the first search for Dick's body wari over, Captain Ratcliffe de clared that ho was called to town upon urgent business. The truth was that (as even Madame honestly be lieved Dick drowned) he felt it would be a relief to escape from the universal regrets and accounts of Mrs. Saxby'B sorrow that vexed his ears. chapter" xli. It was a loyely ovening in the be ginning of June ; the western sky was of "a pale amber hue, across which lay dairk violet bars of cloud. So, sweetly the twilight fell; that its influences moved riven Captain Ratcliffejh mind, often insensible; to tho beauties of liature, into inviting Lucy taj coming out for' an' after-supper; stroll. Madame Dupre ' did not hold with the adage,' ."After supper walk a mile." On the contrary, though Bitting in the parlour with a volume of Jean "Jacques in her lap,, she had lightly closed her eves for a ahdrt.doze, sjich as 3he averred kept women's eyes, ftaira wrinkling into crow's- feet too early. ., ..... . y- - Outside, the Captain and his . niece wandered round the grounds, then were tempted. . down the lane towards"' Rdokhurst Lpdge. Ratclifie loved going this Way and expatiating on the beauties of the trees and the lovely distant peeps here. and. there of sun lit high pastures 'across the vdlley. In this way ho thought he was cleverly imbuing Lucy's mind with the pre cious advantages of. being mistress of this beautiful" old. estate., and -man:, sirin. Where the lan.e was widened by the a sweep approaching tho Rookhurst Lod:r<', there was gathered a - noisy ring of men and boys, arid among 'them Richie Saxby by himself, just rc- turririd from drinking his Cheltenham waters. They were preparing for a cock fight, the combatants straining in' the arms of two stable boys, though they had not yet been pitted against each other. Perceiving the new coiriers, Richie swaggered up to them, assuring the Captain that it would bo well worth his While staying to see- the fun, "although you, dear Miss," this to Lucy in a mincing tone, " do not care for such men's- sports. If you would prefer, to wander down to Rbokhurat, we will join you presently. ' It would be it "rare pity for ybiir uriole to miss seeing this bout." " . Ratcliffe would have stayed, wil lingly, but thai; his niece hurried hini- away. It would be sb lonely down among the Rbokhurst, trees, where it was already dark in the valley. Mr. Richie must excuse her. . No, she was not afraid of bogies or ghosts, only — Oh I oh I- . For the cocks were sat down arid began to fight. At that Lucy fled towards the rectory, this being the quickest way of avoiding the horrid- spectacle. Ratclifie, not liking to leave her alone as tramps were riot infre quent hereabouts, be arid thiriking him-, self that Miss Anne would- probably : keep her company, followed with , the intention of returning as soon as pos sible. ' Lucy, howevar, turned - into the churchyard, whence a field path led by a shorter way. to , The "Laurels. Hearing her uncle's voice calling on her to stop, she waited among the tombstones till he crimb up. As she stood in the. evening silence, the noise of the cock-fightiug crowd, softened by : distance, nearer sourids of distress struck painfully on her ear. "Listen! Uncle Pierce; do listen!" she whispered, laying hold of his arm. "I hear some poor soul moaning over in that coiner, as if very ill or in great sorrow. Let us c'oirie and see. I was frightened at going till you came with me." Truly enough, as .they approached the spot where was old Amos Bird's grave, the groans, which had ceased for some minutes, began afresh in such agony that Lucy's blood turned cold. Then they discerned a woman's figure- stretched upon the swelling turf with a bundle lying just beyond her outstretched arms. "Poor soul,' poor soul! Can we help you ?" asked Lucy, pityingly, bending down. Then, with a little cry, she started .back. "What? Patty'" Her eyes fell upon the supposed bundle. It was a dead baby of some two or three months old ; the sinall waxen face upturned in tho twilight, the tiny hands quite stiff. 'Captain Ratcliffe, standing behind his niece, made an astonished gesture, then nodded significantly to himself. This was' a iriaBter stroke of fate, if only Patty would look up and notice his signs. But at all risks she inust not betray herself. " Go away, child, and leave Sen- Go away. I will stay myself and see to this," he now urged as Patty, raising herself on the palms of her hands, looked at Lucy with awful up turned eyes and a mouth drawn to one side with terrible pain. " Oh 1 oh 1 oh 1" hoarsely breathed the unhappy girl, who was in bodily torture. "Lucy, do you liear? This' is no sight for you. Patty is— well, my dear, you know what," he whispered. " She is a woman and is ill. And surely that" is a more fit sight for me than you, Uncle Pierce." Lttcy retorted this with all her old spirit, as of her uncle's assured pet who had hardly ever known contra diction inr her life. But she was too bright, too tender in manner to be called wilful or port; it was impos sibles to be angered with her pretty earnes'tness. Next minute Patty horrified them .by .rolling on tho grass in strong con vulsions. " Water, water," she moaned, " for mercy's sake. I am on fire." . "Oh ! Unele Pierce, run quick to the Beotory; hasten; tell them to hurry here. . « . Patty, you know 'me ; can't you say what is the matter. Poor, poor girl ; what ails you ? " "Rat poison. I took it awhile back,'1 gasped Patty, the hoarse words esoaping her with diffioulty, her eyes -rolling so far upwards she oould hardly see tho sweet face bending over her in sympathy. " I wanted to die' . . my baby is dead, and there iB no place on oarth for me.". Then her pains took her so severely she could say no more, while Lucy hung over the un happy creature striving - to give what; help she could. Then Captain Ratcliffe came hurry ing back from the Rectory close by. " They are coming immediately. She hasn't told you ? — she hasn't said anything, has she ?" "She has taken poison,'' whispered Lucy, mournfully; then, pillowing the dying girl's head upon her arm she soothingly aeked. "Dsn I do anything for you? Poor, poor Patty! Don't think of the little baby, it will be hiippy in Heaven, and I'll buy a tomb stone for it." ' " It's hot baptised. It's a lost soul, they'll say. Oh, Miss Luoy, when they bury me at, the cross roads ask them to put the baby with me." . "But you are not going to die. Cheer up, poor soul. Tho Rector and Miss Anno are criming to holp you." "I see thorn,'' interrupted her uncle. " They : will be here in a minute. , , , There, Lucy, don't torment the unfortunate creature to spdak ; it is bad for'her." - "It will, bo worse for Miss Luo.y if I don't," and Patty seemed gathering up tho last remains of her failing strength to fight her inward pangs. Although the. damps of death wore lying -chill on her face, and that she felt' devoured by inward' burn ing, her gipsy blood helped her to die hrird.' " Listen, Miss Lucy- — listen. Put your .ear near" (Ratcliffe could not catch distinctly what followed, for Patty's voice was grown thin, as if' it came from a distance). "You were always good to me ; i want to warn you. For your own sake don't marry Mr. Saxby when he comes back. . He was a false villain to me- — Oh, my God!—" ... " But which Mr. Saxby? Which one ?" cried Lucy, in sharp dismay, .as Patty's meaning penetrated into her mind. ' - It was trio late; Patty stretched herself; and though Dr. Butler with Anno and some domestics liurried rip at ' that moment bringing assist ance, she never recovered conscious ness..'- ' While they bore the unhappy girl to the Rectory Ratcliffe gently drew his nieco. away, insisting . so strongly that she had, gone through enough of this painful stone that Lucy could riot rebel against hiB authority. " Gil ! if brily -Patty had spoken one word sabre i" slie murmured aloud,-, standing, still at the lych gate and looking up at tiio.church; 1 Ratcliffe answered soothingly as if divining her thought. " Don't blame Dick too much, my dear. Youiig been will be yriurig men, you . know ; and now it is all over, so the less thought about it the. better." Even his conscience smote him, however, as Lucy, turned a. white ritrick'en face towards hiin. He was iglad of the -growing darkness riot to see it clearer,- but . by her. quivering voice he guessed- her- new suffering. Sri it w.is Dit. ' You know;" . "I know.", , Lucy covered her face , with both hands, arid turning away: walked un steadily forward airing the field path; Her uncle followed a few steps be hind, not daring to intrude rib, the maidenly sarir'edness of her ! feeling's. He ought to have been jubilant at this unexpected' trim . of affairs; instead of which his eyebrows met in a shaggy, perturbed line, and he. hated himself in heart for the lie that he had just spoken.' . chapterTxlii. The end of July had come -arid the weather was hot, so that in the heat of the day folk felt inclined to slumber,- failing which they were snappish in temper and languid in body. Madame Dupre was going up to Londrin for a few days to see some old friends who had crrissed the Channel on business, so she ex plained. She looked-forward with her usual liveliness to onjoyirig town sights after being buried in the country ; vet it vexed her that Cap tain Ratcliffe would not be persuaded to come up also, when she would have vastly riiore enjoyed the diversions of supper at Vauxhall and a drive in a hired chaise in the Hyde Park ring. She was more vexed on her return by finding that the Captain seemed to have been quite gay in her absence. Lucy, who was still very sad at heart and subdued in spirits, only cared to visit the Rectory faow. There was a new grief in going to Forge Farm and hearing Mrs. Saxby speak of Dick, at which the widowed brother could not guess. So Uncle Pierce also went much to the Rectory, taking upon himself the charge and coriapan- ionship of his niece in Mada'me's ab sence. They supped there, they played whist, and Anne doctored hiria for bis littie ailments. For ever since his fall in the hunting-field he was not his former self. ' Anne prided herself on her skill in adininistering home-made lotions and dried Bimples. Madame equally piqued herself on her experience ; be sides, she looked upon the captain as her particular patient, and her wrath inwardly simmered against Anne for encroaching upon Madame's own privileges, The misguided captain went on to praise Aone, calmly supposing that Madame shared all his passing sym pathies. "Upon my life, I wonder what' all the young fellows are about to leave such a monstrous fine girl single," said, he. "Perhaps you think she would suit you," said she, gi owing jealous. Ratoliffe looked up at the speaker's tone, and chuckled out of pure mis chief. «' Gad ! I should not mind marrying her myself ; you are" right there. Any man would be glad to own a comely young woman like her." (TO BE CONTINPK'D.) 