The Daily News. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12,1896 "ONE OF THE SUFFERERS." UNDER this nom de plume, a cor- respondent wrote to a morning contempprary yesterday, drawing attention to a state of things in the Railway Department which will, doubtless, occasion considerable surprise to most people, who have always regarded the Government as very good paymasters. The sufferer in question is a railway employe, and he complains, and with very good cause, that he, , in common with his fellow workers, are not paid promptly. He states that the hands employed on the Government railways of Western Australia are the poorest paid servants in any of the Government departments. With this portion of the grievance we have no concern. Men who join that branch of the service know the rate of wages obtaining when they enter, and, if they are not satisfied with it, there is a very simple alternative, namely, to leave it. Doubtless, scores of other men will readily be found to take their places. There is never much difficulty in filling up Government appointments, more especially with the splendid field, there is to operate on just now, when so many of the dis- missed and retrenched railway men from the other colonies are flocking over here. But where we do think the railway employe has a substan- tial grievance, lies in the fact that, having earned his money, he finds great difficulty in obtaining it. With a block in the goods traffic we are getting quite familiar, and, as use is second nature, one can almost regard these continued delays with philosophic composure. When, however, there is a "block'' in the payment of hard-earned wages, then we have quite another kind of delay to deal with. On the 25th ultimo, the railway authorities issued a circular to the effect that the wages pay-sheet would close on the 1st instant (a Saturday), and thence every alter- nate Saturday. The pay would then be made on the following Monday. The men were satisfied with this promise, and, coming from the source it did, they naturally expected it would be carried out. But they have, accord- ing to the statement of "One of the Sufferers," been disappointed, and, as a consequence, regard the official pledges much as they would the proverbial piecrust, namely, that they are made to be broken. With men earning small wages, and living as it were from hand to month, this vexatious delay of four or five weeks is a very serious thing to them. Were they commanding large salaries, they would be enabled to secure extended credit, and the deferred payment system would not affect them to any great extent. On a pay of 7s. per day, and with the high cost of living in Perth, the bread-winner with a family has very little to hoard up after defray- ing the weekly household expenses. With an extremely limited credit, he cannot afford to wait a month for his wages, and his creditors will not advance very much on an official circular. As a consequence he will find himself in the position of our correspondent — turned out of home. The Auditor-General, in his last annual report to the Treasurer, dwelt at a great length on the laxity of some of the departments, and the railway in particular, in furnishing proper vouchers for money expended. He might now add this dilatoriness in paying wages to his annual grie- vance. It would vary the monotony of his complaint, and might help the cause of the poor railway servant. If the rail- ways were not paying, one could understand the "ghost not walk- ing" —to borrow a theatrical phrase — on the due date, but, thank goodness, Western Australia cannot offer that excuse.. We could un- derstand Victoria, with a dead loss annually from railways of £370,000 being "a little pushed," we believe that is the correct tradesman's ex- pression, when he wants a bill renewed; but there is no necessity for this delay in the Golden West. The whole cause of the trouble is due to a want of system in making up the sheets with despatch. With efficient clerical assistance, there is no earthly reason why the grievance, under which our correspondent suffers, should exist for a single day longer. The teamsters', strike at Yalgoo is becoming a very serious matter for residents on the Murchison gold- fields. Importers and mine man agers are experiencing great incon- venience from it, so much so, that some of the members of the re- cently-formed Importers' Associa- tion, who had pledged themselves to pay £16 per ton for cartage from Yalgoo, broke faith with the majority of the members, and offered another £1 per ton. The defaulters, when confronted with their want of allegiance, admitted that it was an extortionate rate, but decided to pay it because they wanted the goods. It certainly does seem a pretty, stiff price to pay for a six days' journey. When the trouble first commenced, there is no doubt that public sympathy was with the teamsters, and, much as some people may deride public sentiment, it helps very materially in settling strikes. At the public meeting held to consider the strike, the feeling was universally with the carriers, but now it is waning, and the refusal to cart goods at £16 per ton from Yalgoo is losing them many friends. When they com- plained of the charge which the forwarding agents imposed, they had, doubtless, a legitimate grie- vance, which the importers espoused, but now they appear to be acting in a spirit of obstinacy, which will alienate all sympathy with their cause. It is to be hoped that better counsels will prevail, and this block to traffic will be at once removed. 