; THE STORYTELLER, THE QUEBN OF THE SOUTH. CHAPTER LXII. \- -It was almost, if not quite, eight months „ after this adventrire-^-and five years, all but as many days, since that on which Frederick GrdLam left his native village — when the lighthousa of St. Agnes' Head * became the pcene of the extraordinary v coincidence of events which it is now necessary to detail. The day was lowering and tempestuous — an unlikely one, it would have been -»i lUOugpij IUL all VAUUioiuu ui uuiiuaiujr nuiuug ^~'~ ^ those wild waters and dangerous rocks. '/j4 *- But about noonday wbat sesraed a \f~---l pleasure skiff, which- had been making ',-' thither since dawn from the mainland, * undeterred by the threatening aspect of lhe '- ' weather, ran safely into the little harbor we have formerly described as the base of the promontory. No assistance was, however, tenderedto these excursionists. No hardy and active y-- Laverock Trewavas stepped forth to guide \- „ and aid. ** For years — ever, indeed, since Laverock's *S _ departure — the gloomy old man , his sire, had :^ j xt-mained the solitary tenant of the lighthouse. '*f V The group that landed was rather an \- ' -I. Tinu ual one for such a locality. It consisted of an elderly and weather beaten man, whose countenance waa still, \- nevertheless, stamped indelibly with *t ', Nature's patent of nobility ; and his frame, ^ though evidently totteriug, was still erect and stately in its carnage. Sorrow and (1 '-* care, rather than age, seemed to have been ' ;^ ^ at work in bending a once robust and iron *' knitted form. ' -~ The stranger looked like a seaman ; and ' /' though he was bat roughly clad, you would \\\ r , have concluded at once that he had been one in high command in his time. ? c _ His pallor and weakness, united with Y- theBe characteristics, would have impressed most observers with the notion that they ' ' '- beheld some famous naval hero retnrniog '-??'/ t'** from a long and exhaustiDg service. Per ' A, hapa from captivity, perhaps from a strife v jn which bis blood had been freely poured. ~ ^' This remarkable looking master had as \f remarkable an attendant, who assisted him ' ' to land, and waited upon him with eveiy ?-,- xnatk of devotion and consideration. And yet the attendant was a negro, and of the most hideous and disgusting looking ; of all the tribes of his unhappy race. An Ethiopian, whose faee resembled a fright ful mask, so strongly were the African features developed in it. And the oom '-, plexion was as coarse as if made of elephant's skin, while a huge mass of . x frizzled black wool, rather than hair, com pleted his grotesque appearance. A Lascar dress of flowing white robes, and a turban, heightened the sable hues of the African's skin by contrast. Two fishermen, who manned the boat, completed the party. They followed with a hamper, apparently of provisions, while the principal visitor led the way up the rocke, leaning totteringly with one band ? ~ ' on the shoulder of his attendant. ( ? r Moral as much aa physical weakness ' -- slackened those once vigorous limbs. So it appeared from the words the stranger -'» murmured to himself, more than to his companion, aa they paused to breathe on an elevation of the rooks. v% 'What will the old man say when he ' : sees me here, in his desolation, returned ' - without his beloved son? With the almost certain knowledge of his miserable „ \ - doom in my heart I But yet, as you say, ^ \ Brother Faithful Love, he ia the only person at all likely to have received any ' / ' tidings of the survivors of that luckless v - expedition — if any do survive. And I must tace him, with what courage I may.' 'This is the first time, dear 'Captain Avery, that you have called me brother in Christian fellowship. You have at lost, then, overlooked ; my hideousnesa in favor of my constant desire to prove to yon that ' the poor African is at leaBt capable of ^ gratitude,' replied the attendant, in foreign .Bounding but very sweet and wellrworded English. ' I needed no other proof, my good boy, than the devotion which first rescued me \- from my own despair, and then from my detestable American captivity,' returned the other. ' But yet I cannot — I cannot forget how false and treacherous even a tinge of your dark blood could make a being who, for external beauty, was crea tion's maotorpieoe.' ' You otill believe, then, in yoqr PJGWJ'O tele^Q 9?iOTB'p f»P«pty f ' I dare not disbelieve it, boy — or I should madden, as I have often told you, over a conviction of the doom \o which my infatuation must have exposed her. Oh, if I should ever really make certain my frenzy betrayed her into the hands of the loathsome Leppard, I must cast myself headlong at once even from this grim pre cipice—whence he leaped, five years ago, to the salvation of his drowning friend.' ' Be calm — be calm, dear captain,' said the affectionate black, layiog bis beautifully shaped though dark skinned hand, with a shudder, on Avery. ' But does rot that brave deed ? You tell me never a word, in fact, of your young kinsman, on every other subject but this hapless lady, that does not persuade me it is impossible he could be so criminal with regard to her.' ' Do not madden me, I tell you,' groaned Avery, and with such a glance down the precipice as alarmed his atten dant, and induced him to propose that they should move forward. ' In those very waves beneath our gaze he sunk, and I was about to follow him — would that I had, into the deepest caverns of the sea, while I could yet believe and love,' said be, still pausing. ' Then would you ne?er have effected that noble and generous rescue of the forlorn Creole slave whioh has made you' the admiration of the very judges that condemned you, and filled civilised Europe with the fame of your courage and bene ficence.' 'Fame has come too late to me,' said Avery, with profound sadness. ' It has come like the showers of Spring on the dead and sapless oak.' ' Nay, nay ; we shall yet see it is only because the Spring is late that the oak seems dead. It will put forth the glory of its verdure soon again. Bui let us pro ceed.' Avery allowed himself to be conducted with a curious kind of implicitness by his dark guide, and they soon after reached the lantern of the lighthouse. Faithful Love — 3s seemefi to be the African's fanciful designation — was the first to enter, Avery pausing in great emo tion on the threshold. There wea no fire, nor e*en any fuel in the furnace to kindle one. They found an old man, muttering unintelligibly to him self, walking in a distempered manner round and round tho grate. ' Hos ho, the devil has come at length in person, has he 1 You aie welcome, old Nick, but you are younger than I took you to be,' said this strange old man, oomiDg to a dead atop right before Avery's attend ant. ' He has gone fairly off, poor fellow V murmured the latter, advancing. ' Why, David Trewavas, don't you remember your old schoolfellow, Laurence Avery ?' ' It is Avery's ghost, and come to see me in company with this black devil ?*' continued Trewavas, gazing steadfastly at them. 'Ah, this is the punishment for lusting after the buccaneer's evil gold, is it 1 Well, no matter, I'll ask them about my son^ — I don't see what else they can have come to speak to mo about, unless to disclose how I may get at the treasure, by making a passage from the rock here under the eoa to Madagascar. Ha, ha, ha 1 That's as wise a plan as Avery's.' ' We nro neither ghoots nor fiends, bat brought by ill usage and toil to this revolt ing outward aspect, Mr. Trewavas,' said Faithful Love. *' Ay, ay, he wrote me word he was at New Orleans. But after that thsy sailed, and were never heard of more.' 'And I have returned alone. I have reversed your prophecy, David,' returned Avery, with a dry sob. ' I understand who you are,' said old Trewavas, with a strange smile. ' But who is this devil, that has such a pretty voice 1 It does one good to hear it.' ' An angel of light, if you could see his soul, Trewavas. An agent, he tells me, of a secret Abolition Society, whose machinery is spread over all the world, working in cessantly at the emancipation of his race,' said Avery. ' It is true. The light spreads, and bo do we,' returned Faithful Love, in a tone of enthusiasm. 'This society understood, Trewavae, that I was condemned to perpetual im prisoment; for having rescued a slave from her bondage, under accursed laws. They formed a plan to redeem me, and employed this young man, a native missionary of Madagascar, as their agent. He was a freeman, but he hired himself to do the meanest labours of the prison that he might obtain access to mo. He rescued me from worse than captivity, from despair and plans of suicide which needed but Borne opportunity of execution to be realised. And finally bribed my gaolers with large sums to wink at the means necessary for my escape, and I am here.' ' Large sums of money. You have, then, secured the treasure1?' said old Trew avas. And it seemed that his intelligence lighted up again at the idea. ' The treasure is still at the bottom of the sea for anything I know to the contrary. Whence my generous unknown friends procured the bribe for my liberation I know not,' said Avery. ' Even from the treasures of Sultan Avery,' said the African calmly. 'An earthquake raised the reef above the sea, and the first of the numerous, bales of ingots riven from the keeping of the rock was employed, through my agency, by Frederick Graham, in your redemption.' 'Curse on the liberty, then, I have received. Would I had rather perished within those noisome waMa,' ejaculated Avery, with wild feeling. ' Wherefore so V responded Faithful Love, in faltering accents. 'Did not Leppard confess to me, when he carried me to New Orleans, that the whole mutiny, even his pretence of aiding mo against Frederick, was carried on in concert with him 1 That he — that she — that they together ia their measureless cruelty and ingratitude, ordered me to be taken back to New Orleans, that I might expiate the crime of having set free for mischief a woman of that depraved blood, by suffering the punishments assigned to it by American law ?' ' Matchless villain ; he contrived that atrocious calumny in order to hinder you from denouncing his treasons and mutiny at your trial,' returned the negro, with vehnnent emotion. 'l»idhenot en that condition grant to your still chivalrous tenderness that be would not expose the supposed frailty and baseness of the woman you had rescued to the world ?' ' He did. Nay, and with that object I atoqd, wUnly bv ^ fewri ft ^M .? M stolen the beautiful slave to offer her dis honor myself, from which she had with difficulty escaped with the aid of Frederick Graham.' ' And Leppard led you to believe that your kinsman and Oriana fled from the vessel in company, at Tamatave, after hav ing plundered it of your money aad valu ables?' ; ' Even eo.' ' And yet, for a year and a half from the hour of the mutiny Ffederiok Graham and] Oriana never met.' ' A year and a half. But they have mefc again, then 1 And does Oriaua still live 1 How know you this?' exclaimed Avery, breathlessly. 'Oriana still lives; and lives only for you,' returned Faithful Love. 'It ip she who in reality despatched me to America 01 the joyful ta-^ of your liberation.; at,d the means that enabled her to provide all that was necessary for your- escape were furnished by Frederick Graham from the first yield of the treasure reef. Does this seem like guilt in either of them, or as if they dreaded a just vengeance, and wished you to be kept from the power of ascertain ing the truth?'' ' Am I at last indeed as Leppard said, gone fairly mad 1' said Avery, in utter be wilderment. ' Give me your hand if you are, friend,' said old Trewavas, 'for at times I am little better myself. Only I think if I could hear what had become of my son good or bad — I should be all right again. It's thinking about him so much puts ma all wrong. Bat if he is dead — one soon forgets dead people, you know.' ' I have neither seen nor heard pf your son, David,' replied Avery, with painful emotion, 'since the hour of the mutiny. And the last I saw of him was that he leaped into the sea to escape — I knew nob what, nor know I now if bis friend Frede rick was indeed in conspiracy with Lep pard.' ?...*'??: The father raised a scarcely human howl as the words reached his ears. 'Into the sea! into the Madagascar Sea? — where the sharks that maimed me thus ? My son, my Bon, my Bon ! Avery, give me back my son !' And it seemed as if the infuriated old man was about to cast himself on his ancient friend when the African missionary interposed. 'Peace, peace ! I saw your son, Lave rock Trewavas, alive and well, in company with his friend only a month or two before I departed on my commission to America. And here o& this very rock of St. Agnes it was appointed me to bring Captain Avery to welcome back his long lost friends, and the immense wealth they have secured. The time I have spent in executing my commission has been ample for them to complete their labors and return. And within a few days, perhaps hoars, we may look for the triumphant arrival of Frede rick Graham and his friend.' Old Trewavas leaped aloft into the air with a real yell of joy. ' And does he return with Oriana in his company?' exclaimed Avery, a dreadful idea evidently rekindling in his thoughts. ' If so I will kill him as he steps on the shore. Ay, and her, too. Oriana, my Oriana that was once ! I will kill her too.' 'They will not return together, be assured,' said Faithful Love, in a gentle, submissive tone. ' With all her passionate desire to see you again, Oriana respected even her husband's prejudices too much to dO SO.' ; 'Then I will cross the ocean in the merest cockboat that ever sailed to kneel to her for forgiveness and bring her home again,' sobbed Avery. Bat struck with a new thought, he continued wildly — ' Yet, if Frederick was innocent, into what hands di 1 my wife fall — what fate has been hers 1 Tell me that I may first hunt earth, and sea, and air — hell itself — to tear out the vile ravisher's heart.' 'Heaven, and her own courage, pre- .- served your wife's honor also, Captain \' Avery,' said the negro, with 0 dignity of tone that in a manner enforced belief. ' Leppard and his fellow mutineers quar relled for the spoil, and at length could only agree to deprive one another of it. Oriana was sold as a slave in Madagascar, where ? But what in the matter with the . old man ?' ' Help me, help me, Avery, to make up a fire — to rekindle the furnace,' gasped old Trewavas at this moment. ' Oh, the angels have planned a terriblo vengeance on me. I was weary of waiting for wealth — for my son's, return; and I resolved to keep lay lantern dark whilo this stormy weather lasted, in hopes that aomo ohip, light; would mistake its way and drive upon the rocks. 1 have thrown all the fuel into the sea lest I should relent. And now, dost thou not see how the storm gathers, while perhaps at this moment our treasure ship, with my son and your kinsman on board, are making the channel and steering towards us first with the news ?' A broad flash of lightning1, followed by a terrific crash of thunder, bore a very sig nificant burden to these tidings. ' Miserable old wretch ; what have you done ?' exclaimed Avery. ' Good God, take my msn and go on the island to pro cure fuel as speedily as possible. But I 'tope your tears are unfounded. Surely no ?vessel would approach this dangerous offing in such weather, however anxious to enter it.' \- As he spoke Avery hastened out into the lantern of the lighthouse, closely followed by old Trewavas, the negro attendant, and two boatmen. It was now nightfall — but a darkness deeper than the hour's brooded over the 'weltering waste of waters around. The sun had gone down in the midst of a mountainous mass of black volcanic clouds, on whose skirts the lighting heralds of the tempest broadly displayed the ensigns of the coming warfare. And lo ! within the ken of those eager straining eyes a vessel, laden almost to the waves, came ploughing her way through the deepening troughs of the sea, with her b.ead set evidently towards St. Agnes. A ves3el, and of the very set and build of the Osprey. Avery immediately announced this fact : 41 1 should know her amidst a whole fleet, and though she is painted some lighter color now. It is, it is, my gallant ship.' 'It is the treasure laden ship of my dream,' shrieked old Trewavas. ' I see — I see — the yellow flag to the fore and the black flag on the main mast.' ' It is then indeed the Osprey,' ejacula ted Faithful Love. ' Such was to be the signal to me of her arrival, in case she ap proached these rocks in too stormy wr a1 her to make safely nearer. The yellow flag to signify that the treasure is all safely on board. The black, that Leppard is secured and brought home to receive his fitting punishment for perjury, mutiny, slave dealing, and piracy.' ' Help, help ; rekindle the fires, or my son will be sure to mistake St. Agnes' Head for St. Mary's Isle, and pilot towards it for anchorage,' shrieked old Trewavas. ' Go and bring fuel, idiot,' cried Avery. 'It is impossible to cross the shoals in Ibis weather. The sea is already running in mountains over them, and there is not a single billet or log left on the rock,' returned the lighthouse man. ' Why, then, I will take my small craft and make for the vessel, and warn her of her danger, and pilot her into Portsmouth. I know every fathom of the way,' said Avery. ' It is impossible,' replied old Trewavas, 5n a tone of tranquil despair. 'No vessel of such a size could Hve in snob, a boiling sea. And hark, the gale is already roaring .lound the Giant's Head.' The tempest now indeed burst in all its fnry, and the waters of the sea below, as far as the eye could survey them, became 'whitened with the ruab. of a mighty wind. 'No matter,' returned Avery. 'I can no longer doubfc the innocence of poor Ellen's son, and shall I suffer him to perish 'when, perchance, I might save him at a little hazard of my own worthless life V 'Worthless! When Oriana lo\es you so priceleBsly ?' exclaimed the negro mis sionary. ' How know we that T replied Avery, ?with inexpressible sadness. ' Perhaps it is only duty that attaches her to me, that his preserved her fidelity to me. If I pariah, she may live the happier — with a younger man. Men, will you go with me ?' He turned to the boatmen, released by a fludden and impetuous geature from the young negro's persuasive hold. Bub the men having heard the opinion of the experienced keeper of the lighthouse, declared they had wives and families of their own, and could not hazard their livea on such an enterprise. ' Then I will go alone,' said Avery, and le disappeared with all his old agility and daring in a rapid descent of the rocks. Bat fast as he went, Faithful Love was beside him when he reached the strand. 'You go not alone, Captain Avery,' said that melodious voice, ' if you go at all. But it is a vain risk, it is madness. Lot these young mon abide their fortune as you have abided youra.' ?'Hark you, my brave deliverer,' said Avery, launching the boat amidat the raging Burf with professional skill ' iHark you ! Perhaps it is just possible I might leave the Osprey to its fate, as you advise, but that my soul assures me Oriana is at band. She is on board that ship, I am but too cerfcaiD. And if so, I will save her and him, and then fling myself into the waves and leave them to their peace.' He sprang into the boat aB he spoke, and struck from amidst the breakers with a vigorous oar. And yet the African, whom he thought to leave behind was beside him. ' Well, then, let us go together, to the rescue of Ellen's son,' he heard a tender voice murmur in his ear. ' But Oriana is with you, husband of my heart.' Avery turned in amazement. The turban, the frizzled black hair, the hideous mask of elephant's skin, were torn aside, thrown into the raging sea. And the beauteous face that remained beneath was at once the real one of Faithful Love and Oriana. CHAPTER LXIII. A wilder and more sudden tempest had not risen and raged amidst the Scilly rocks for years than on the occasion we record. And yet the mariner knows full well how stormily capricious ever are the wind and wave around those treacherous isles. They advance into the sea like boisterous giants, unwilling that any strangers should approach their keep ; and when onco they get the intruder among them, generally contrive to buffet him to pieces. A terrific gale, which chopped and changed to every point of the compass, whirled and roared amidst the group with an uncertainty that might have puzzled the skill of the most experienced seaman. Darkness closed in with almost super natural suddenness around the Retting sun. There was one last sortie of the desperate and baffled light all over the face of the agitated sea. A rush of sable clouds instantly surrounded it, and, after a brief struggle, all was night. Driven in all directions by the extra ordinary mutations of the tempestuous winds, it may be thought with what anxiety the seamen of the barque descried from St. Agnes' Head looked out for the light and coastmarks by which they hoped to shun the perils of the reeky navigation they had entered. Luckily, what sea room there was it had all to itself. No other vessel had ventured so near a run to those dreaded rocks. And it was certainly a very indiscreet indulgence to his friend's earnest wish that induced the young commander of the Osprey to make the channel in that direc tion. For the O*prey it was, and the Oaprey laden with all the vast recovered treasures of Sultan Avery, more richly than vessel was ever laden before, and even since Australia and California have yielded up their wealth. Not only innumerable bars of gold and silver, sacks on sacks of doubloons, and other now ancient coinage, but a treasure of almost incalculable value in the shape of jewels, of diamonds, pearls and other spoil of the gorgeous East, had rewarded the patient toils of the adventurers at last. The Oaprey carried in her capacious hold wealth that exceeded the wildest calcula tions of Captain Avery's excited imagina tion. Upwards of seven millions and seven hundred thousand pounds' worth of bullioD, specie, aad jewellery. But Frederick Graham could refase nothing to his faithful friend and preserver. And Laverock, true to his jocular and affectionate nature, desired to give his father the satisfaction of beholding with his own eyes Mb prophecy fulfilled, and to put his disturbed mind at rest as speedily as possible regarding his safety. Frederick had also received word from Oriana, in reply to tidings he had sent her of his recapture of the Oeproy and of the existence and lamentable position of her husband, appointing St. Agnes' Isle as a place of rendezvous with him on his return. She concealed her intention of hastening at once, at every iisk, to the deliverance of her husband ; but informed Frederick that although she could not accompany him? she ahould relnrn to Europe immediately to ooncerb with him the means of Avery's liberation. There was no duty, the highminded lady declared, superior to that she owed to her noble and unfortunate husband. She had sown the harvest in Madagascar, and she left the increase to God. Her efforts to civilise her brother's barbaric people ceased to be her plainest and moM; paramount duty since her husband required her suc cour. Trewavas was the first to find outrageous fault with himself for his rash indulgence in a whim when darkness and tempest closed around the Osprey approaching those grim shores. He had boasted, and not without reason, a thorough familiarity wi!h the passages and ports of the isles ; and Frederick had resigned the pilotage of the vessel into hia hands, and it was his intention to carry her into the harbor of St. Mary's before nightfall. The sudden rise of the tempest with its baffling winds thwarted this design. But even when the darkness descended, Trewavas was so confident in his know-; ledge of the coast lights that he would only suffer a portion of the sails to ba furled, and continued tacking the vessel with very dexterous seamanship towards the destined port. ' No, Frederick, I am sure I am right,' he said, in reply to some whispered ex pression of doubt on the part of his friend. ' If yonder lump of blackness were St. Agnes' Head, the lighthouse would be in a regular blaze by now, and we should see it many a furlong farther off than we are sailing. My father never neglected the duty of his office in all bis life, and is he likely now to do bo when he peibaps knows that bis only son, and the treasures of Sultan Avery, are dependent on its guidance ? Leave everything to me — and we shall make St. Mary's on the next north-west gust, as a swallow shoots into its nest.' ' But certainly it seemed to me that I recognised St. Agnes' tower and rock in the last blaze of ,: lightning over yonder,' said Frederick, pointing in a direo'ion of. the murky heavens. ' And now if you keep the tack we are on. my boy— suppos- ing that to be the case — you will drive us headlong upon it.' ' It is impossible, Frederick, It is long past lighting hour, and we should see the glaring eves of the lantern leagues beyond us — whereas, St. Mary's always lies dark and quiet as you saw yonder black coaBt, which you mistake for high rocks — and I can slip into the channel as into a glove.' 'I have put the ship into your hands i; but still, Laverock, listen to my advice,' replied the young commander. ' It would be hard, very hard, to lose our wealth on the very brink of its enjoyment. And my life is a thousand times dearer to me since I know it is necessary lor the preservation of Caroline's and the redemption of my honor. Let us lie to as well as we can under this mad wind, and make signal for a pilot. The brave fellows who live on these rocks venture out in all weathers, whenever they think their services are needed.' ' The bravest of them would not ven ture so far from the land on such a moun tainous sea, Frederick,' said Trewavas, feeling secretly much puzzled and alarmed. ' The fury of the storm is increasing, I think — and I am afraid the vessel will soon become unmanageable, unless we can contrive to run her into St. Mary's- before the gale gets to a height. I still think I know my way — and if the wind would only shift landward ? ' J 'God forbid,' said Frederick. -'For from what I remember of these channels, a miss of a few yards any way will send us tilting on the rocks. This baffling wind is our best hope.' ' You are right, my dear lad,' said Tre wavas, after a moment's uneasy reflection. ; ' I know not where I am, I must confess, unless I can catch a glimpse of St. Agnes' Light. Hold the helm hard a-lee while I run to the masthead and see if I can dis cern it.' The storm continued to increase in vio lence during the short period of TrewavaB's absence, and before be again reached the deck the wind veered round to the north west, and it was plain that in that direc tion the full fury of the gale was coming up. ' If we are where I imagine, this roarer will send us into the very midst of the islands,' said Trewavas, looking vory pale. * 'Dear Fred, forgive me, but I am afraid I have got us into a scrape. I confess I haven't the least notion where the channel into St. Mary's is to b§ found, We m.^ £ \ have quite missed our way, or we should Bee tbe Agnes Lighthouse quite plain by this time.' „ Frederick's sensations on this avowal were of no very pleasant order. The re membrance of Caroline Sidney — of his . blasted., name — of the triumph of his enemies — of the downfall of so many bright and happy hopes, which he had Imagined all but attained — struck him for .a moment overwhelmingly. Only ior a moment. The brave 8nd generous nature speedily reasserted itself. ' Courage, Laverock, we shall do very well yet. We must do battle with these driving winds and seas until we have day light to thread our way by. Off with every inch of canvas, men. Mr. Partout, you are a capital hand at a gun ; make signals of distress, and fhat we want a pilot. All hands to work, and bring the ship's head about against the wind.' But the fury of the storm was such that it was found impossible to execute the latter manoeuvre, and although the Osprey was speedily reduced to bare poles, she continued to drive before its violent im pulse. And now, as it too plainly appeared in the terrific though momentary glimpses afforded by flashes which lighted up the whole horizon, they were approaching the black masses of the isles. But all clue to their labyrinths was lost in the absence of the great headland light. It seemed in evitable that they must be driven by the fury of the gale on some of those innumer able rooks, and dashed to pieces by the raging sea. ' Monsieur Partout, however, obeyed his orders with dexterity, and soon the boom of a cannon, half heard and half lost amidst the uproar ot the storm, demanded succour from the' hardy inhabitants of these stormy coast*. The signer was repeated at the proper , - minute intervals. , , No response was made from the shore. But at the second a stream of lightning played over the whole surface of the waves, and Frederick exclaimed — ' God be praised. Is not yonder ? but it is gone. Was it not a boat with two men on board making towards us ?' ' Heavens ! I thought I saw a huge object rash forth and disappear again into the darkness, like my father's lighthouse. If so, we are driving headlong upon St. Agnes, and allislost,' ejaculated Trewavas. 'la that case, let the men make the . boats ready, and bring up your piisoner, Paul Partout. He shall have a chance for his life with the rest of us,' said Frederick, unshakenly. ♦- Oh, my friend, my brother. Can you -r— will you — ought you to forgive my selfish madness?' tjiculated Trewavas, feeling as if all were lost, and that he was the cause. ' If it were not for my poor Caroline. But yet, Laverock, if even she knew how often I have owed you my life she would scarcely blame you if it is now risked. As to our gold, I shall never regret it for any sake but hers, and yours, and Avery's, if every bar and ingot sinks to the bottom of the sea again.' ''* But it ia true, Frederick's kind and manly words were uttered over a heart torn by the keenest emotions of disappointment and gri6f. ?«? Here's a devil of a sea. And goodness, you're running right ahead slap bang on the coast,' Baid an evilly- familiar voioe, and Ltzarus Leppard appeared on deck, in chains at the knees aud ankles and wrists. It was found necessary to secure him thus, he had made so . many and such desperate efforts at escape, and stirring up a renewed mutiny, as soon as he rallied from the injuries inflicted on him by the negroes. 11 We are going to the bottom, I expect, in a few moments, man. But if the vessel strikes, your irons shall be struck off, and . , you shall do your best to save yourself with the rest of us.' v ' You don't mean to Bay, Mr. Graham,' Baid the wretch, turning lividly pale, ' that wo are in danger ot our lives T ' You can see. We are driving on these rocks, and it will only be by a direct inter position of Providence that wo can hope to hit upro the safe channel through them.' 'And that we can't expect, at least I can't,' gasped Leppard. ' Lor' have mercy upon me ; what will become of me ? The devil will have me, as sure as ever I flayed tha1: cussed nigger. Still, Mr. Frederick, you'll own for mo I'm not quite a reprobate ; for I offered, you know, to turn evidenco ? ' on your sido, and ? '' ' Iu or cut of danger, never will I make any terms of jjomposltion with you, wretch,' interrupted Frederick, with eyea tha flashed as fiercely as the skies over their be ids. 'You shall suffer the punishment of your crimes with your accomplice, unless ? ' ' We shall all be drowned ; we shall all be dashed to potters' rubbish,' interrupted Leppard, shriekingly. ' God forgive me ! God have mercy on me ! I am a devil, and not fit to live ', but if I die before I have time to repent, it won't be my fault -it'll be ? ' ' Oh, that we had Avery here, who has known every shoal and rock and inlet of these isles since his childhood,' exclaimed Frederick. ' Someone halls us. What voice is that ]' Trewavas ejaculated. ' It is a pilot ! Dieu vierci ! Dieu merci ! We shall be saved yet,' exclaimed Paul Partout. ' Gracious heaven, Trewavas, it is tbe voioe of Avery — of my kinsman, Oriana's huaband,' said Frederick iu awe-stricken tones. 'It Is madness to thiDk so. He is a prisoner in America. Yet It sounds amaz ingly like it,' exolaimed Trewavas. ' Fire another Eignal, Partout, to guide our rescuers through the darkness. No doubt someome has ventured from St. Mary's to our help.' The voice hailed again, as it seemed, from tbe depths of tho raging sea below them. ' Look out, O3prey, and lend a rope.' ' It's that cuss of a Bkinned nigger come for me,' said Leppard, with chattering teetb. *' Don't let him come on board — don't don't— I'm not fit to di«.' ' Peace, daring wretch. By all that ia wonderful, it is the voice of Avery,' shouted Frederick. ' And himself, in a small open boat, exposed to all the frenzy cf the storm,' was Laverock's exclamation, as the glare of lightning revealed a little skiff, tossing like a walnut shell amidst the white foam of the waves beneath tho ship's bows, approaching them. Fredorick, Trewavas, Partont— -half tho crew, at least — rushed on the side of the ship to aid their deliverers in getting on board. ' Now, Oriana. Frederick, my boy, is it you ? Take a good hold, of her and save her whatever becomes of me,' cried the now certainly recognised voice, and the manly and energetic seaman, restored as if by magic to his full powers, seized a rope with one hand, while with the other he raised the almost exhausted form of his wife. Frederick imagined himself in a delirious dream, but not the less did he throw him self half over the bulwarks to receive the offered burden. A fling of the boisterous waves sent Oriana into his arms, and with Trewavas's assistance she was drawn in stantaneously over the rails In safety. ' Save my husband ; he has come to save you,' was her only utterance. As ehe spoke, Avery, taking advantage of the next violent dash of waters, leaped from his foundering skiff on the deck by her Bide. Not a word of congratulation or of ex planation did he utter. Not an instant was to be loat. Within that space of time Avery had rushed to the helm of the Osprey, dashed aside the men who were straining with all their might to hold the rudder as Trewavas had given them direc tions, and took it round the whole run of the wheel at once. Luokily the ship answered her helm; but still 'speeding on, impelled by the furious gale, in this new course, Laverock and Frederick suddenly perceived that they were passing under a shadow thicker than that of the night and storm. ' We have avoided St. Agnes' Rock by an apple rind. You foolish boys ; you were running direct upon her. To be pure, our old lighthouse man has taken an extra nap this evening, but you ought to have known better than to have ventured so nigh. Now land a hand, my hearties, and we shall be safe in St. Mary's before we are an hour older, any of ua.' And bo it was. We must leave the ensuing recognitions, explanations, and transports of joy, affec tion, and restored confidence to the imagi nation oi the reader. We have other and less pleasing work on hand. But little time was lost by our hero even in these most interesting interchanges of feelings find tidings with his recovered friend3, so warmly loved, so cruelly estranged. His anxiety to see Caroline agaiu, to assure her of his safety, and to commence setting himself right from tha calumnies of his enpmies allowed him no rest. The Osprey was found too much in jured in the storm to allow of her resum ing her voyage immediately with her in valuable freight. ' ' It was therefore agreed that Avery should remain in charge of the ship and treasure, while Frederick and his friend proceeded to Portsmouth, the moment the weather calmed sufficiently, in a small fishing vessel of St. Mary's. And it was arranged that they should call on the way at St. Agnes to inform old Trewavas of his son's safe return. Both Avery and Oriana carefully con cealed from the young man tbe cause ot the darkness in the lighthouse on the night ol the storm. Whether its old. keeper's act was one of insanity or of criminal pur pose they scarcely knew, but either inter pretation was too painful to the feelings of a son to permit them to offer it. : Leppard was -compelled to share the voyage of his young capturers still in irons. Frederick made no secret that he was about to deliver him into the hands of justice on all the charges which his crimes supported. And there could be no better way of commencing his own justification. . A short sail brought them to St. Agnes' Head, which our hero beheld with different sensations indeed from those he had ex perienced five years previouoly on bis voyage out. Gtatitude for their almost miraculous .preservation on tbe previous night contributed to swell bis heart full of the sweetest sentiments of which that organ of sensibility is capable. And young Trewavas was full of filial tender ness and exultation — soon to receive a sad^ rebuff. Frederick would not leave his; watch over Leppard for a moment to anyone but his friend, and therefore he did not land with him. He expected him back from his visit in a few hours, and cast anchor for that period in the little harbor of St. Agnes. (To he continued) 