CHIPS AND LEAVES (nv SYLVAN us,) Tlihnlile drill? Thnt'e something new under the sun surely. A bachelor minister is going to deserve well of Ins country by giving the boys an education lhut will enable them to be comfortable, even in the ciusty state of Itatchelordoni. Does our Minister of education feel at a disadvantage when mending his parliamentary outfit or does ho mean that the future schoolmasters shall be r.ble to teach needle work and so lessen the expense of running the education department. Certainly some linclelor teachers of to-day are very di nsc" on the subject of stitches and buttons, as one of them on seeing a button on the floor, made some very rude enquiries as to whether it belonged to a boy or a girl, so a little button drill is required. Some people <e)l me that thimble drill will lie wot hulp to our gallnnt soldiers and liien-of-wnrs men but if our soldiers and sailors in times past have won such victorious battles as Waterloo, Trafalgar and the Nile, it's a bit to late iu the day for tliiuible drill to improve them, or even help tlieni.- There's some sweet people in this world, some delicious people, who are so sweet that you wonder how it is that there is so much selfishness in the world. Some people I have met would (to judge by their talk), lay down their lives for their fr'c.ids, they are so goody goody themselves that they hate anyone who has sinned, ai.d yet they are sweet to the sinner,. but really their sweetness is but the coating to the pill. Some people arc BD good, so faultless, so snowwhitcly pure that it is a pity they haven't angel's wings to fly away from this bad world. People are too much given to judging others in this country, and their judgments nrc pretty severe and if they could pass sentence on these who have m-do a name for themselves tho sentence would be a severe one. Good people are forgiving, good people always supply orders up to weight and sample, good people always tell the proper price they give for their goods, but selfish people always try to magnify their actions and themselves, and those who play with fire generally get deservedly burned. One of my mate's leading articles. My ninte sny's love is a disease of the heart, lie says it has a different effect on different people, at some stages it cau be cured very easily if properly attended to. He says lie knew a girl who had a slight attack, and it nifected the eyes of her young man as they both crossed over a bridge, (a haunted bridge t.io) and it hnd such a magical power on the eyes tlint they never saw the bridge, but ic was there sure enough, but whether love is blind or nut he docs not know, but the young lady was very sensible so she considered the case and concluded that a pill diet would be most beneficial, so, after using a gross or two she was able to see a bridge as well ns any person; but I dont think she ever saw any ghosts. My mate being a newspaper man at tlie time, tried hard to get her to give a testimonial tu the pills so as to get the proprietor to advertise them, but she objected to being immortalised by a lo.iiinon scribbler who l.eiieves more in whiskey than in patent med cines. 