THE CATHOLIC MISSION. A. mission was opened in the local Gatliolic clmrcli on Sunday morning i.lost, liytlie Rev Father Siangan, one of tlie Kedemptorists, l'Jie clmrcli was packed both nt tlio inurriingand ovening services, when two very impressive sermons were preached. On Monday evening Fattier Mnngim preached a sermon on the. benefits ol tlie Catholic confessional, taking his test from St Jolm xx, 21, 22, 23—" Tlien said Jostisto them again. Peace be unto you ; as my Efltber-lias sent mo, eren so . send I. you. And wlicu ho had said this lie breathed on tliem and said unto them, Receive yo the Holy (Jliost. Whose soever sins yo remit, they ore remitted unto them, and whose soever pins ye retain, tliey are retained." The ,preachcr stated that the sacramcnt of confession tvas one of the blessed rites of the Catholic faith based on the passage hf Holy Writ which he has quoted fioui. St <?ohn, bat lie was sorry to sny that inany Catholics were very lax in attending to this particular sacramcnt in their religion. They believed that confession was necessary but they, failed to attend to it. Confession' was "v(?ry neccssaiy for 'their salvation, in fiict everyone bad to confess including tlie Pope, the cnrd-oal. •the priest and the layman, gome people laughed at tbc idea of confessing their sins to a man, stating how could a man forgive their sins, but he saw nothing peculiar in it. Just prior to Jesus leaving the earth lie said to his apostles^—Receive ye the Holy Ghost. W h.isc sins ye remit shall be remitted and whose sine yc retain pliall be retained." In the olden time tnen. hnd forgiven sin. What was Christ bat a man ? and he took mud off the street and robbed it on a man's «yes to give him sight. When 'Peter walked the streets of Jerusalem, the people brought their sick ones out to him 'and his shadow healed them— there was virtue in a shadow even. The preacher also gave a number of other instances recorded in Scripture, where man had exercised the power given by the Holy Ghost, ond then went oti to say that the Priest, as a minister *if God, line full power to. remit and return sin so long as the confessor-came to him in a truly con trite spirit and sought forgiveness, and at tlie same time made a strong resolve to do better. God lind endowed the ministers of the only true faith with this power to forgive trin mid he was enriy that many who .called themselves Catholics did not go to the' confessional oftcner than they did. lie Afked that all those who had lint attended to their duty in tlie past in this Teapect should neglect it no longer. On Tuesday evening Father Mangan deliveied an nddrcss to the parents on the training of their children, basing )iis remarks oti the words, " Take this child away and nurse it for me, and J will give thoc thy wages." The preacher Bflid that these words were addressed Plioroab'e daughter to one of her maids,' liut they were also spoken to every parent. He then went on to speak-of tin' various important cutties devolving -on parents in connection with the training of their children, stating that many of the rites of the church were neglected because of indolence. At ilio last great day every parent would have to answer for the way the children were educated both moral!/ and spiritually. Parents had to provide their children with four things—good food, good clothing, good lodgings and pure knowledge. He was confident that in many instances this was liegleoted. In referring to food, he said that the eating of meat oil Fridays was a moral sin, Biid yet some parents did «at and ; At tliosalnctimegave ittn.llieircliildren, Some Catholics had told him that they could iiot rear their children here like the folks did iu Ireland—they must "have meat. He knew this was not conect, for. lis hnd found as fine children in Australia as ever ho did in Ireland, nud these attended to the rites of the e urcli. Physicians bad - stated that meat was not necessary every day. He said that the reason bo snncli wont was eaten ivasbecuuse it was too much trouble for the mothers to cloun and cook fi»fi. In regard to clothing ue said lie was surprised to see how sbme of the'little children and young women were uttired—a. young mun or an angel-could hardly look tiporftlicm without committing -mortal fin. Tlie matter of good lodgings was. also dealt with; f- is to -pure knowledge, the prcaelier rcmarked tliat children ought to be taught to honor lie. church frnui their .infancy, and as they grew up should be instructed \- iatlm various forms of Worship, Scholastic -knowledge was also" very ..necessary and he-knew this was very much neglected ^iy parents. One day die child wae'kep* from school to help her . mother , to vraBli,- <md the next she had to stay at homo and good schooling, -Whilo dealing witli this matter hn saidJie did not know why there was not a "CaHio! jo sobool in Violet Town. Smaller places than tills had a - school.. This was: very necessary for the'training of fhe-children,-as it -was- a %ell3tn6wn fact that the namo of Josus was -seldom. mentioned in -tlie schools. He hoped that ero long a £atiiollO-. floliool -would -bo established. : 1tte^l6led/idS!nddress 'by asking parents to' slioW "then- children a •good example «nd also todirecttliem care fully Into the pathsof truth and right. >. On Wedoesi]«ys<evening«$fether Mangaii: delivered address on Hhe .blessedness -of till Holy^Sscrament *if Mass from tlie wordB " Whereyour treasure'js 'tiiore will your heartliealao." JJesnid tlmtlliia was cnc of^the jnoit'-iuiporbint rites of the xhuroV&nd; yet it "WaB iiiucli neglected by Australians, and even -by i tboee who had come to those colonios f rom rlrelanU. In the latter place tot CatliolioVwouhl walk eevenor^ightmilesto boat.thesaoranieh];, -and yet eouieoutin the colonies would mot walk twenty yards. These latter were nqt Avorthy of ibe , qamo of <!MliolieB1for'tliey notvonlyjdfsobeyed thoirchurob; btit their blessed Master,-^'ho at the first great 'MaSs. saidloliis-nposUes—"Take sat, fortius tny^bodyj-tatce arid -drink for tbis is iuy . Wood,''sifle,was notsuiprisedthat members: .of bBjerjphurohes.did not attend Mass, for they aid juftt Relieve h it, but Jie Was fSnyto'findthat those who called themwliM Catholics ;did«ot attend, To big > j mind tlioy eitlier did not believe-in it,- or they did not know what they were missing by-not attending. It wastliodlityof every Gatholie to be present at Mass OBOften-ne possible, ;nnd i£ through ciirleesness tlioy did uot participate in this rite, lliey were guilty of one Oftlio greatest sins "it was possible for them to commit. Be hoped that more attention would be paid to this matter-in future, and that every Catholic would bo present at the Holy Sacrament as often as possible. ..,:-• Tliisevoning a sermon entitled "The key of Heaven" will be preached, and on Saturday evening there will be a great, ceremony in lionor-of our Sovereign Lady when tlie preacher will address his hearers from Ilio words " Why we give bo much honor to tlie Virgin Mary." 