DAT OF BEST. THY PEOPLE ENGLAND." Br John Watson, M.A., "Ian Maclaeen," of 8e(ton Park, Liverpool, Preached in Barony Chnrcli, Glasgow, on Sunday evening, January 20, on the occasion of the Ter centenary Services. ' " When Thy people Israel be smitten down before the enemy, because they bare sinned against Thee, and'shall turn again to Thee, and, confess Thy name, andpray, and make supplication unto Thee in this bouse; then bear Thou in heaven, and forgive the sin of Thy .people Israel, and bring them again unto the land which Thou gavest . unto their fathers."—! KlKOS viii. 33-34. My subject is " [Thy People England," and I should say,' since I believe people are sensi tive—they are sensitive in the South, where Scotch people are more Scotch than in England—that "England" is, of, course, used as the nost convenient term Jor our Empire, since Great Britain does not include Ireland: and to use any term lieyond Great Britain I think does not commend itself to one's sense of fitness from its clumsiness. Therefore you will please understand that it is a handy term, and of course it is natural for many to suppose when we say "England" that we ragaa the most important part of the Empire, which is in the North. When Solomon dedicated the Temple of Jerusalem unto the Eternal, and offered prayer for all sorts and conditions of men, he declared with emphatic and _ impressive reiteration the ancient and historic unity of his people. Israel, according to this inspiring thought, wa3 not a mere aggregate of in dividuals, or a scries of generations that followed one upon another. It was an organic whole. The generations of Solomon's time were the children of their fathers in the fullest sense; the heirs of their faith and loyalty, of their sacrifices and achievements. In order that there might be a people, patriarchs had left their own land to be as strangers in the country which God promised togive them; prophets, judges, and kings had planned, and toiled, and died. If they were in their capital, and to worship God in their Temple, it was the harvest of a great sowing; it was the _ result of a great travail. The nation was not a heap of atones flung together; no, nor even a stately building like this one in which we worship; but a tree whose roots were stnick into the past, and further than the past, into the eternal; and whose ever-spreading branches bore evidence to the life within, and afforded a shelter to all around. THE CONDITIONS OF NATIONAL UNITT. When any one desires to understand what is meant by agnation, ho had tatter look unto God's peoplo Israel first of all, for they fulfillod the two great conditions of national unity, which have ever to be grasped by every man, rich and poor, that belongs to the common wealth, and arc written as with fire into the corn mon weal th\s conscience. The first is faith in God, and no nation has ever risen to greatness, and no nation, having arisen, has ever maintained its greatness except so far as it believed in—and publicly as a nation, and privately by individuals— acknowledged Almighty God. There is this analogy between the individual and the nation, that an individual is not able to say " I," with any intelligence of what " 1" means, except in God; and an individual is not able to say "I will," with any force in the will, except in God. It is in the Unseen and the Eternal that we realise ourselves. We are not seven bodies in succession, but separate from those bodies, and existing when the last of the.m shall bo laid in the kirk-yard. It is in God also that a man realises just and measured freedom ; that although there be round about him great material forces, they cannot crush him, and he is free from them, within his soul. Likewise, a nation is a body of people that conies to its consciousness in God, and whose alone true and lasting liberties stand in God. This was the reason that the Hebrew prophets, when : they spoke to the people, always lifted nation ality above a mere question of frontiers and of blood, and went back to the God who called Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and who, in the generations between had declared Himself unto the national soul. There, was, according" to these men—and this is one of the great majestic national ideas of Israel, and ought ! also to be of England—there was a covenant between God and the people; and when I say I that, you think at once of what is mystical and theological. I tell you the idea of the prophets was neither mystical nor theological, but what is in this case better far, ethical. It was the idea that in God is alone righteous ness, and in a nation the duty of obedience, and that the well - being of a nation con sists in the understanding and fulfil ment of the law of God. This was the covenant — obedience to the ten words on the part of the people; the duty of one man to his neighbour, and ail to the Commonwealth; and on the part of the Eternal succour in time of distress, comfort iu time of sorrow, and such prosperity as would be good for them. It is a fact in history that law. The nations that fulfil their side have the blessings of the Eternal, and the nations that break their side go crashing and rotting to their doom. riie (iiner condition 01 national unity witn Israel was vocation. Therefore the prophets were perpetually telling the people that their fathers had been called and blessed not for their own sake—and there is no man ever blessed for his own sake, but for the sake of the man that is next him—that their fathers had not been called and blessed for their own sake, but for the sake of the world. They were the receptors of a revelation, and re ceived the torch of truth to pass it down from hand to hand, and every man to blow it brighter as it wont from patriarch to prophet, from prophet to psalmist, from psalmist to martyr, till the day came when tho nation could 1x1 sent out, each man a torehbearer, unto the ends of the earth, carrying the light of eternal truth. A JflMSAoF, OF nrfrlfTEOCSXESS.. What was the message they were to carry to the world ? The message they were to carry to the world was—the unity of God, to liegin with, but I put it in its. practical form—was righteousness. As the Greek was raised up of God to give us the sense of beauty, so was the Jew rai-ed up to give us what is far better than beauty, the sense of righteousness, and to write tho ten words ot 5Jos.cs upon the con science of the individual and the con science of the nation. As we now loo'; back upon tlio history of God's people Israel, we recognise the divine purpose. Yes, though we be unbelievers, we recognise a ma a/ell cm* purpose, and the marvellous beauty, of the work to that end. They are a people separate from all other peoples .to-day, and they are a people deserving to lie honoured of all peoples, for notwithstanding the many faults that may to-day be flung in the face of a Jew, he is one of the strangest and the fittest men upon the face of the earth. There is no nation that has | not been the stronger through the Jew; no ! nation that cannot learn from the Jew; no j city which has any just cause to complain of the Jew. Wherever I see them I recognise the people, of God, an;', pay them honour. But their mission is fulfilled, and they now stand among the other nations, the brethren of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, having fulfilled .their work, and given the ten words unto the : world. It is only, as it seems to me, the j merest fancy) .and more than that, in con tradiction with the catholicity of humanity j declared by f Christ, that they shall to , the end lib a people separate and dis- j tinguished. Their work done, they have stepped among the ranks of the nations, ever to pe remembered for their father's and their work's sake. THE MISSION OF ENGLAND. Comes then the question: Is there any nation to-day that has, as it were, succeeded to a_ great and world-wide, mission, and a i mission of the same practical and ethical nature as that which God gave to His people Israel? A very important question when you remember that God is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever, and that the past, show ing the purpose of. the Eternal, is the guide by ! which you and I, wise folk orplainfolk, can argue out the purpose of the Eternal in the present. 'Is tnere any nation that has been secluded in its island home, and guarded round from other people so that the invader could not touch it? Is there any nation that within its own home, being men of mixed blood, has gradually been welded together by common human sympathy and common faith in God? Is tliere any nation that has gradually been led into a fuller sense of the truth of God, into political and religious and social liberty? Is th ere auy nation whose ordered and beneficent freedom is the admiration of every popple, of its enemies and friends alike? Finally, is there, any nation whose members have gone unto the ends of the earth, and wherever they have gone have been able to teach, to govern, to give justice uuto the nations placed under their charge? There is only one nation of whom these things can lie said; only one nation with whose history you can draw out this analogy to Israel, and that iB the English people. I dare therefore say tliat any man reading the Old Testament Scriptures, and any man believing- in the providence of Almighty God; any man, especially believing that what God hath done in the past He doeth in the present, and much more abundantly, is entitled to say "Thy people England ' as truly, without rebate as fully as ever king, or prophet, or psalmist said "Thy people Israel." With the same meaning, and for the same ends, is England God » people. Perhaps, at the first blush of it, it may seem to you almost profane, because you have been accustomed to place the Jew so absolutely by himself that nothing whatever in his history is to be applied to the history of other nations, and no other nation ought to presume to occupy his place. Profane? Well, then, there be two kinds of profanity. If that be profanity I will venture to tell you another kind, and I count it worse. Jt is to suppose that God is not the God of the present at all, but only the God of the past; that indeed His whole work is contained within the period which is given in the history of the Bible, and that afterwards He sends out no prophet, He guides no ruler of a nation, lie works no miracle, He makes .not His way known in the pathways of history. Is that faith? Where is thy God then, and hast thou to travel back to Jerusalem to find Him? Ha3t thou to seek Him in the Temple? Is He ! not also iu London, the capital of a yet greater people, always oxeoptiug tho uni'juo Revela tion they may have given us? Is He not also , here in the Barony Church, who has brought us into a fuller, freer, more tender worship I than any given to the Temple? He is not the God of tho dead, but of the living. Ho is tho living God, who worketb in the past and workoth also in the present; mid to deny this, I take it, is immense profanity. To deny this is the climax of national and personal un- : belief. ; One, however, may have a feeling that it is arrogant that a nation should assume to itself j to play in the present day tin- role of Israel in the past—the role of giving righteousness unto | the world. Let us lay to heart that there was nothing in the call of God to Israel that ought to have made any Hebrew proud with anything but a proper pride; for, () brethren, has God ever given a blessing to an individual, has He ever given a blessing to a family, that has not carried with it. an enormous, an almost crushing responsibility? He chose Israel, and so then—so then Ho chastened Tsra'-l, and made Israel pass through a furnace hotter than that in which any nation walked. And why? That Israel might he purified for the work which Israel had to do. Be .sure of it, that if any nation has to-day to do the special work of I the Eternal in the world, that nation shall J have to suffer great trials in order that it may j be cleansed; and that nation will have no cause to bo heady-minded, because of tiio groat burden that shall be laid upon its mind j and upon its conscience. IS F.N'GLANT) PHARISAIC. When, therefore, we realize not in v ain that England has this immense service to render to day for distant parts of the world that Israel did, then we are face to face with 011 r sins. And this is a time to remember our sins. It is a good thing for a nation to understand how it stands, especially if it lias such a work to do; and there are two sins which are being brought home to God's people in England in the present day. One of them is pharisaism, the sin which afflicted Israel. Is it not, men and brethren, is it not, a most significant ar- well as most painful fact, that recent events in the world have shown us that we have hardly one, if we have one, cordial friend? Has it not emerged that if we be not hated we are at least disliked : and if we be not disliked at least we have not one love at the hands of neighbouring nations? We cannot deny the fact, although we may robe) against the reason. We say the reason is that we are so prosperous and so enterprising; that we are so successful and pushing ; th it our very success has filled other nations with miserable envy and jealousy. Perhaps we had better finish the matter by adding that we are so perfect and so good that they are also filled with envy and jealousy on that account, and then our self-conceit will be complete. Ought we not rather ask ourselves whether as a nation —and having had this great favour of the Eternal as f am urging to-night-- whether, as a nation we have Ivor no ourselves like the servant of God? In one—in perhaps the most tender and beautiful passage in all the Old Testament, Isaiah liii.. so dear to saints—there is a description of God'" servant, which is sup posed by some to be the Messiah. by some to Ire God's people Israel; but the mark of him is not only that he is the m-'-im of great blessing to rlr1 w >rld, but his humility, his tendarnes-s. hissymptthy. hi* low-lines*. Have wo been, as a nation, courteous to foreign nations, r.s we go by individuals through their midst? Have we, in our literature and in our Press, always done justice to foreign peoples, and never blown our trumpet, our brazen trumpet, loudly in their faces? Is our character such—the character which we have earned through centuries such—that a foreigner will a.t once appreciate the goodness that is in us? Perhaps of all classes the. one that most dis tinctly has given character to England up to the present time is the middle class—the class which has lieen. no doubt, up. to this time a great strength to too realm, but the class which has, a'jove all classes, a good coiici-it of itself. It, of all classes, perhaps, has been to the present the most careful, the most irreproach able; and it has many sober and useful virtues, but t do not know that, it has been lowly, and I do not know that it has been sympathetic. I ash middle-class people, if such be present, whether there be not a striking likeness be tween us and the Pharisees of old? We have had some cause to boast, and we have boasted excessively; and therefore, perhaps, it is good for us at the present day to have foreign countries, by their Press, saying unpleasant things about us which we do not like to read, and foreigners and friends to whom we speak telling us privately the reason of these things; good for us, not that we lose heart, but that we go to God and pray that if we have sinnod against him by sinning against other people we may be forgiven, and forgiven that wo may lie the better able to do His word. THE SIN OF MATERIALISM. I The other sin which we always realize in a national crisis, and at present therefore more ■ than at other times, is the sip of materialism, which also greatly beset Israel. While Israel was a handful of farmers Israel was more or loss spiritual. When Israel become rich and increased in goods you have only to road the prophets to note how the race for wealth entered, and the power of the rich and the sufferuig of the poor made an unhappy and miserable nation. We have grown rich, and I am told—-though you know better about these things thau I do—that we were never richer than at the present day. Rich in goods? I I pray you to aefino goods; and when' we define goods how are they defined? I think it is the money in the Savings Bank, which is very good so far as it represents thrift and intelli gence; and the railways which we have made, which represent enterprise and the develop ment of the country; these things and many other things. But these in themselves are not the goods of a nation. Iso, not exports and imports, and population and money—these are not the goods of a nation. Tho goods of a nation are its intelligence; the goods of a nation are its integrity; the goods of a nation are its charity; the goods of a nation are its high and just spirit lieforc God. Have you ever made a comparison between the England of Queen Victoria and Elizabeth? For it seems there could bo none between this enormously rich and smoky and toiling England and that poor England of Elizabeth's day; but it had greater writers than any man to-day, and it had hearts at least as holy as any hearts to-day; and it stood for its freedom bravely and for the freedom, religious and poli tical, of the world, did that little England of Queen Elizabeth. Wherefore be not too lifted op, but le tu.s re member this, that if our nation ever deuay it will not be from any power from without, or any unfaithfulness on the part of our God. It will bo because some men have too much money, and some other people have too little; and the west end of a eity is one place, and the east end is another, and the west and the east they come not together. It will be because we. are divided among' ourselves, and divided by the basest of all things, divided by money. J No combination of Powers shall ever overcome i England, if England be true to herself, if England he true to her God, in justice ; between man and man, in charity and sympathy. When men were poor in Home" the rich and the poor loved one another. When th'-y grew rich the city was wrecked. Wherefore we have, to look to these things; and then having looked to these thing-, I will dare say that if we repent, and cleanse ourselves of our want of sympathy, and cleanse ourselves of our greed and pride, then 1 will dare say that, this country need not he afraid, f do not believe in a nation living afraid of any one except the. Eternal; and the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Let us realize ourselves, and let ns pray God to send us prophets that on the one band will tell us our sins to -our faces, but on the other hand will tell us that the God of our fathers is our God, too, and that lie, will guidons, and use us for the great ends of His providence. You say " For what?'' There is no nation on the, face of the earth can govern as England can, with all the faults of her men, and with all iho want of sympathy which they show many foreign races. There, is nobody just now in the world denies that England can govern -govern in the highest sense, too; not put. men merely in gaol, and hold people flown by bayonets; no, but give order to a country, and give justice to a, country, protect the poor front the oppressor, and put the rich man in his place. Other nations have not that power. They have failed in it, both French and German, with all the brilliance of the one, and all the scientific achievements of the other; and England has succeeded, and to that end she is God's people. Consider what, has teen done for India, and the work is not yet com plete. Consider what has been done for Africa. Consider what has been dond for countries that I cannot, mention, whore women now are safe, and where there is peace and safe, and where there is peace and prosperity. Her Governors are not always Joved personally, not having the gracious manner that, it would be well we had, but there is a belief in the justice of English government, which to mo is a proof-one of the proofs—that we are Cod's people England. Therefore, let us do our work and not. he afraid. Let us hold to all the heritage God gave us for this end, and not allow it to be takoi :on from our hand ; not merely, and not. at all principally, for the sake of eom r.i erce. but that wo may do the work God gave us to d i. To that end let us make any sacrifices, and to that end let us support the Government out,and out, because it has a mission. That is patriotism raised up, not aha.se and mercenary patriotism, but a sense of an important work to do, to which wo have put our hands, and which we must finish before set of sun. A\ IMI'OSSJWiK WAR. Tt is possible we may have troubles. But there are wars that would be a crime, and there is one war we believe is not possible. It were one of the most awful disasters that could overtake the world, and would shine up lurid from history, if wo and people of our own blood, people of our own history, people or our own faith, should fly at one another's throats. That will not lie allowed; not allowed beyond the sea, where one of their greatest speakers shocked their Parliament, only a few days ago, by rendering thanks to Ilod that he belonged to the F.nglish race; not allowed hero by those who love and respect that people, and believe that we should join hand to hand with them for the bringing in of {fed's kingdom. You would be prepared to stand a good Aral of talk from a person in your own house -tailc you would not take from a .stranger. "After all it is flesh and bio'Ki, and tliey are very good people, though they hose their temper/' you say about the friends in your house. So shall we take many things from our own flesh and blood England will not take from any other Ixidy; and when the little quarrel is over hearts will lie one again. We will take it, and across the sea they do not mistake why we take it. They marked tha t we would not be goaded to fury when, through the most patriotic and excel lent motives, I believe, there was a mistake made in a public utterance. '1 hey marked that we would not be. provoked to strike our brethren, hut do not, think it is cowardice; for they notice how we look and what we are ready to do when a stranger comes in to dictate to us. It has produced a:i enormous impression on the other side; not merely the impress-ion that wo, arc to be attacked, hut the impression that we distinguish between folk, and that we know our own blood, and love our own blood, and that blood is thicker than water. They have noticed it, and they are proud of us. Yes, and having an opportunity of seeing many American utterances, I have noticed with, great |>ridc and delight that more , than one has said that whatever be our little quarrels, and however they have to bo settled, that if there came a great combination against the old mothor country, her daughter would be by her side; and that is so. vVherefora now let citizens of this country see that wc keep peace with the people of our blood. A JUSTIFIABLE WAR. As regards the other people, we shall have to bo guided by circumstances, but shall never let slip the work God has given us to do. There aro wars that arc not only possible; but I will say, when other means Have failed, are justifiable, and I will tell you what kind of war that would lie. It would not lie with any European Tower—of winch I. am not thinking —but it would !>e with the Power, or any Power, or any part of a Power, which is slaughtering God's people, .and which is making a Christian country into a shambles. If we are God's people in England, then surely to England ought the oppressed to look, and abovo all tlic Christian oppressed; and surely our blood is boiling within us, when we think of what has been done, not only to men, but to women and children, by the* barbarity of the Turk in Armenia. Men and brethren, it is not from this plaeo that people would fling out suggestions as to how a deliverance is to be wrought; for these matters are in the hands of our statesmen, who are as much God's statesmen as any statesmen in Israel. Let us 1)0 thankful they ate wise men and Christian men; and although wc do not know what reasons stay their hand, we believe they must be good and true reasons. At the same time our feeling is growing that something must bo done to end an actroeity the like of which has not been known in modern history, and to that end wo pray tho Government of tjiis country lie guided; and in the hour that they put forth their hand, whatever way they may think wise, to save a Christian Church—to savo a IkkIv of human people, whether the name of Christ Ije passed on them or not—from this awful barbarity, in that hour we shall stand by our rulers and bid them godspeed. Ah, brethren, let us thank God for our fathers behind us, and the way God led us. Let us feel our groat responsibility, and endeavour to realize it by ourselves in our families and in our own life, fearing God and doing righteousness, arid so fulfilling the will of God. The God of Hetliel, as we sing, shall i>e our God also, and to Him, Father, Bon, and Ilolv Ghost, one God, be glory, as it was in the. beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end Amen. 