Stray Notes. (BY O.K.] A VICTORIAN "ghost" received a regu lar surprise whilst out on a nocturnal tare recently; Ab a resident of one of the suburbs proceeding homewards, the ghost afojcesajd plunged out from a secludld nook and said," Patrick Murphy, I want yd til" Pktrick was equal to the occasion and replied, " Come and take me then," accompanying the invitation with a whack on the ghost's head " wid a stick." They closed, and the ghost was soon covered with gore. Then Patrick discovered his identity, summoned him. and had him fined £5 odd. Since then his ghostship hasn't been seen out at night, and the general impression is that that if ever he does take to walking again he will leave Patrick Murphy severely alone. Josh Billings, by the way, had a doubt as to the existence of ghosts, and once offered five dollars for a real live one in good condition. But he didn't get it, A Central Cumberland fruitgrower writes to the Sydney press, suggesting that the Railway Commissioners should grant free passes to fruitgrowers who go to Sydney to sell their own products, and thus liberate them from the meshes of the net laid for them by the festive agent. But if the fruitgrower gets a free pass, why not the potato-grower and the egg merchant, and the potfk curer, and the labouring man, and representatives of all the trades and callings ? Why not run cur railways on absolutely free lines, and make the country as a whole foot the bill ? The Commissioners, by the way, have not yet intimated whether they are prepared to accept the advice of " Fruit grower,"-and have not even written thanking him for his suggestion. The tacilities for reading which are now at the command of dwellers throughout Australia, supply what would otherwise be a dreadful void in the existence of many persons. We remember we learned in our school days that a book made a reader a deliizen of different nations-a contemporary of all ages. And who is there who has not discovered that a favor ite author is a friend who neyer changes, who is delightful amid prosperity and in dispensable when, fortune frowns. How many moments which would otherwise have been weary, have been pleasantly passed in the Australian busH with the aid of a periodical, or newspaper. At the camp fire, in the hut, hundreds of miles away from city and township, how often and with what eagerness has not every portion of a news journal been closely scanned. Those who have had experience of station life can call to mind the anxiety with which the arrival of the weekly papers would be awaited by those living in seclusion, accustomed to play their several parts tar irom " the madding crowd," and who might not visit a town from one year's end to the other. Away from the world, so to speak, they were after all a part and parcel of it and were interested in its doings, showing clearly that man is a gregarious animal, and al though he lead a solitary life, a well known writer accurately describes his feelings in relation to his tellows when he says that " if the recluse of half a century were to suddenly become aware that the world had been depopulated he would rush from his retreat bewailing his loneli ness." The communication of ideas through the medium of the printing press is one of mankind's greatest boons, and all minds, great and small, admit the benefits thus given. In an admirable paper contributed some years ago to the " Victorian Review" by the late Rev Julian Tenison Woods, the writer relates how Adam Lindsay Gordon, while in the capacity of a drover in the Mount Gam bier district of South Australia, might have frequently been seen in his tent at night perusing the pages of a Greek author during the time his assistant stock men were otherwise amusing themselves in neighbouring hamlets. The poet's career had been a chequered one, but he loved to commune with the " immortal daed" and seemed to realise that " The man to whose bosom neither riches, nor luxury, nor grandeur can render happy, may, with a book in his hand, forget all his torments under the friendly shade of every tree, and experience pleasures as infinite as they are lasting, as lively as they are unfading, and as compatible with every public duty as they are con tributory to private happiness." 