The temperature of the Assembly last night rose considerably at times during the discussion of the estimates for the t'osb Office department, nnd Mr. lJrcndergast's zeal so far ontran liis . discretion at one point that lie narrowly escaped suspension. Although, as was to lie looked for with a general election approaching, there was much advocacy of personal and local claims, tho centre of interest was the recent inconclusive report of the Postal Hoard. A great many lion, members were highly dissatisfied with the report, and it is worthy of note that the manage ment of the 'department under the charge of Mr. Duffy was adversely criticised most strongly on the Ministerial side of tho House. Mr. Vale was particularly severe, declaring that the department might he reduced by 1000 men with out efficiency being impaired. lid pointed ont that thero are 34 staff' offices in the metropolitan area, the receipts at which aro insufficient to pay tiie salaries of the employes. Mr. Vale, when an honorary member of the Govern ment, was engaged in looking into the working of the departments, so that pre sumedly his criticism is founded ou know ledge. He says that the permanent head of a department, if lie desires a long and comfortable career will shut liis eyes to abuses. There appears to have been a good deal of this lax discipline, according to the evidence tendered to the Board, which yet could not mako up its mind to blame anything moro substantial than the "system." The latter is certainly responsible for the strange circumstance that it is impos sible to discover what the preoise income of the department is, owing to tho revenue from duty stamps and postage stamps going into a common fund. But it is absurd to attribute all blame to a system, and absolve the persons who originate and work that system. The defects which tho Board found in the work ing of the administrative: machinery, sneli as tho loss or destruction of property, the inadequate bookkeeping, want of chock on expenditure, and absence of control over employes, implied incapacity or careless ness on the pq,rt of the departmental heads. Thero was last night a disposition evinced in some quarters to relieve Mr. Duffy of all blame in connection with the demoralisation of his department. Ho certainly is not answerable for what occurred before he took office, but he had been in charge of the department long enougli to.have discovered the loosojnethods prevailing if lie, had made any inquiries at all. It is almost incredible that no complaint should have reached his ear, considering the alleged favoritism and undoubted jealousies which prevailed in the department. The House is not satis fied with the case as it stands, and neither is the public. Tho report of the Board was strangely abortive. Several hon. mem bers last night said that the system of outside hoards of inquiry was a failure, and Mr. Tucker emphatically declared that for the future Parliamentary boards aloho should he relied upon. What should be done in this ease is to appoint a small royal commission to take up the investi gation during the Parliamentary recess and report to Parliament on its reassembling. The postal and telegraphic business is managed in a proper way in other countries, and if abuses have crept in hero it must be owing to the incapacity of the chief officers. If that he so, no Government should endeavor to hide tho condition of affairs lest blame may be attachable to a colleague. If there bo no one in tho service capablo of managing the business properly, a new man should be' imported without delay. . Tho Government took a wise course in recommending the Assembly to accept tho Council's amendments in the Companies Bill rather than lose the measure alto gether. The Bill would have been better without tho Council's intermeddling ; but | it is preferable to take the instalment of reform which is offered than allow the companies law to remain in a state which opens tho door to fraud and negligence in the management of the affairs of corporations. It would ho a mistake to supposo that the Bill us neaoptcd by the Assembly is not a valuable reform of tho companies law. Our own legislation on the subject was very greatly behind that of tho mother country, a fact duo principally to tho pru- sonco in one branch of tho Legislature of a powerful section interested in tho imporfcotion of tho law. Tho "guinea pigs" in llio Council have been persistent in their opposition to company law reform. It has only heeii by the steady pressure of public opinion upon the Council that concessions have been extorted. During the last session tho anti- reformers took high ground. They rejected tho proposal to make promoters of companies liable to pay compensation to persons misled by false prospectuses. N either would t.hey listun to tho proposal that directors should ho prohibited from " putting iu " their own properties to com panies With which tlioy wol'o connected. The Council would not accept the prinoiplo that directors of companies should ho mado responsible for culpable negligence in tiie oxeroiso of their duties, or that directors fraudulently creating debts or unfairly pledging tiie property of tho company should ho deemed guilty of misfeasance. But tlm TllnmltnrQ of M.n Ilm,w Hfman l.nvo Swallowed all those provisions this session, and would probably have been educated up to the acceptance of tho Bill in its entirety when Parliament next assoniblcs j but it would hardly have been fair to tho public to allow tho measure to ho hung up in this way for another year. The weakness of our company law was brought into strong relief during tho crises which followed tho land boom. Tho hard earned savings of thou sands of the thrifty members of the com munity wore swept away l»y people who operated with complete safety under a law which had long licen declared valueless in other countries, but which had been allowed to remain in operation here chiefly because its demerits had not been demonstrated. We are often told that the Legislative Council is full of business " experts " whoso opinion should he .accepted by less exalted mortals without hesitation. How was it that that Chamber did not move in tho matter of company reform before tho crash came 1 If the " experts" knew what was likely to come and took no stops ten introduce preventive legislation, they are under a heavy moral responsi bility to tho community, and if they did not know, their title of experts may lie safely challenged. Wo need not press too strongly the point that the " business " men" of tiie Upper House took no active steps to reform tho dangerous company law, since that might have seemed an encroachment on the functions of the Government. But why,' when tho Government did awake to its duties and tried to strengthen the law in the interest of investors, wiiy did it encounter the fiercest opposition of those very " experts," whoso hostility was only partially overcome by tho pressure of pnblio opinion ? lb may be iioped that tho passing of tho Companies Bill will have a marked effect upon the condition of the colony. Enterprise during tho . lust fow years has been almost dead, not so much on account of the scarcity of money as owing to the absenco of confidence. In these days largo industrial undertakings aro left by common consont to associations of conjoint capitalists, aifd people have been afraid to trust their money to directorates of companies which might make ducks and drakes of it. Under the new companies law, even with its omissions, it will he moro difficult and certainly more dangerous for tho management of corporate businesses to indulge in tho fraudulent practices of the past, aud when this becomes clearly understood by the public, we may reasonably hope that thero will ho a restoration of confidence and a revival of business. If that should happen, we shall have the more reason to he thankful for the moderation which last night induced the Government ami tho Assembly to save the Companies Bill even at the cost of accepting unpalatable amendments made by the Legislative Council. To-morrow wo shall spend the first Christmas in tho host lustrum of the century. What a wonderful distance, to he sure, tho world has travelled since tho first Christinas Day of this century, when Napoleon had yet to roach liis most dazzling oniinenco, only to sink in a final eclipse at Waterloo. In point of timo a hundred years is not very much in the life of the planet. But infinitely more of matorial progress has been mafle within the space of tho 96 Christmascs in tho present century than in all the 1800 which preceded them. It is very singular, when one conies to ponder over it, that this grey old world should have piled up its unnumbered icons to the beginning of the nincteepth century with hut very little in the way of scientific achievement, only -to blossom out all at onee — In tho stoamship, in tho railway, in tho Hiout-liti that shako mankind. Wo can scarcely, oven in thought, trajcot ourselves into the period when no railway locomotive shrieked through the land, when no steamer ploughed the waves, when no telegraph encompassed the earth, and no telephone brought the city offices within earshot of each other. Wo are often asked whether anybody is oven a thought happier for all this 1 It is a question much more easily asked than answered, because Immau happiness never did and never can depend upon mere material conditions. One man may he supremely happy humping his swag on a dusty road and eating his Christmas dinner under a gum tree. Another may be supromely wretched while dwelling in marble halls with vassals and serfs by his side. Wo may charitably hope that tho " great assassin " in tho Yildez Palace finds his bedside bordered a dozen deep with the ghosts of the miserable Armenians whom he has miir- ' dercd. We may therefore putaside tho ques tion as to whether happiness to humanity lias accompanied tho whirligig of tiio great world as it has gone " spinning down " the grooves of change." Certain it is that increased knowledge has given to man an augmented command over the powers of nature, and an immensely appreciated view of the nobility of liis own dostiny. Handling the lightning as a tool and a plaything, levelling the moun tains and filling tho valleys at his will, man begins to feel in earnest that he is indeed an inheritor of moro than tho powers of the Olympian gods. Inch by inch he explores the caves of knowledge, dragging to light new " gems "of purest ray serene." Now it is tho phonograph that enables us to mako im mortal tho very voices of tho great, so that tlioy may spoalc in their actual living tones to tho peoplo of a thousand years to come. Anon it is the motor-car that is tb super sede the liorso as a drudge. Agaiu it iB tho Bontgen ray which can penetrate opacity itself, and veritably, light up " the " hidden things of darkness." Truly we can all say to-morrow, ' as wo ' levy on tho turkey of tho goose, with far mnr(! justification than tiie poet who first uttefod it — What apiece of work is man ! <l How noiilo iu reason! How infinite iu '' facility !" And yet wc aro jiiHt as little alilo to deny, that dospito man's angelic action and his godlike apprehension, ho is after ail hut tho " quintpssoiico of dust." IIo grovels to-day in his oarthincss with all the bestial qualities which have ever oliaiucd liiin to the clod of which lie is Composed. Of tho true meaning of the Christ-mass, or Christ's sacrifice, ho has no more than an evanescent glimmering. Ho is as Intent as over, perhaps more than over, On trampling his way to power over the prostrate bodies of liis fellows. The Gor man military murderer, who, like a despic able cur, ran an unarmed man through tho body to wipo out it stain to liis honor from his chair haying been accidentally touched, is hut an extreme) type of the spirit which has armed ' 14,000,000 of men to ho in instant readiness to cut each otiier's throats. And tho scornful refusal of trance to take any stop towards a general disarmament is hut a perfected example of tho spirit of tho age — a spirit of incarnated self-seeking. All thoso aro tho intonso oppositosof what is meant by Christmas, which is a day for socking not one's own way, but anotlior and very diffbronb way. But whore arc wo to find ono trace of this Hiiirit. amidst, tho clash of advocates of unlimited competition ? Itow can we. find even the germs of this Christmas spirit in the dogmas of thoso preachers and teachers, who, in order that tlioy may bo clad at the clicaposb possible prico, would grind overy Australian worker betwixt the upper and nether miilstono of the Gorman and Japanese sweaters? It is quito trno that men are bettor than their principles, or Christmas must come with a blight rattier than a blessing. That Was a touching incident of tho poor, bed ridden girl of 18 years' sickness, whoso Voice recently reached tho outsido world with the plaint—" Oh, for ono hour bask- " ing in the sunshino this lovely weathor." And instantly, to tho credit of tho tender hearts which heard the plea, a sum of £20 was subscribed in order that the sufferer might have her wish. 'That is the spirit of Christmas. That was the inspiration of the good gonii, Santa Clans, of whoso reality let no ono doubt. We soo him not iiiefoly in pictorial show on our city hoard ings laden with gifts on galloping kangaroos and up-to-date cycles. Thoso are true enough, too, in their way. But wo feel liis delightful presence in tho score of beneficent sooiotics intent on minis tering to the wants of the poor. I'rom tho Dickey Bird Society and the Ministering Children's League to the Salvation Army and St. Vincent de Paul's disciples, hundreds of eager hearts are thoughtfully providing for tho orphan aud the destitute, who have no other hope of succor but in charity. Thero was a time in this world of ours when this spirit was still moro prevalent than it is now. It was before tho baleful spirit of compe tition had seized upon deluded men, and lnade them see salvation in tho gospcl of an ultra-selfishness. Thero might perhaps have lieon as much pauperism then as now; but "a submerged tenth" wns a thing unheard of. In an ago like- this, rich beyond all prior conception— through tho agencies of multiform mcchauical inven tion— the struggle for life is bitterer than ever, owing to the loss of the Christmas spirit which teaches that men arc brethren to he aided not foes to bo raided. The facts around us prove with what little wisdom the world is governed. It is the law of retribution that man's greed is made man's greatest scourge. Tho chiof consolation of this season is that it proclaims a brief truce in the universal war of acquisitiveness, and points men's minds to the altruistic ideal. That is something gained. As men grow older, we must fain hope that they will see how much better it would be if the Christmas hunting were kept Hying all the year — if men sought wealth and well being in co operation instead of in competition and strife. But that time will come only after tho politician shall havo taught a more radical lesson than any contained in Mr. Turner's programme. Truly Christinas is a wonderful institution. Tho philosopher must ponder over it as a marvellous thing. That 500 millions of peoplo to-morrow, of every race and climo, should go into high holiday to colebrato thu birthday of a Judean peasant, and that at least onc- halfiof these do so in a spirit of religious fervor is a fact which Materialism has a tough job in account ing for. Such is tho force of ideas. The sad browed picture of tho Bethlehem Carpenter has shono down the courso of nearly twenty centuries, leavening the most luminous intellects, and modi fying the courses of tho greatest kings. There is nothing comparable to it in his tory. People may hold different views as to whether Christianity has or has not proved a failure. Thero is no room for dispute as to the miraculous influence of its Founder, and the author of the first Christmas. 