TOPICS OF THE DAY. THE action taken by a member of the Assembly in the direotion of reducing the number of Ministers is not surprising at a time when every position in the public service has to stand on its merits. Ornamental billets are for the time being things of the past, and the Ministry which compounded the Publio Service Board sauce should not complain if it is ussd for their own particular geeee as well as for other people's ganders. Mr. Gacox's motion is to abolish the ministerial offices of Attorney. General and Postmaster.General; to place the duties now discharged by the latter. upon the Minister for Publio Instruction; and to have legislative sanotion for the existence of the Department of Industry. Many people will agree with the argument that, as the persoa holding the ofiloe of Attorney. General has to perform an important function in the administration of justice, without reference to politics, he should not be required to go out with the Minie try of which he is a member. As a legal officer, it is justly contended, he should hold his appointment during good behaviour, and subject to the rules of.his profession. As for the Postmaster-General, few will contend that that Minister is essential to the proper delivery of letters and management of the telegraph service. If no appointment of one of their number were made by an incoming Ministry, the postal and telegraphio air vices would, or should, go on .all the same, especially with a publio Eervice board rigidly controlling the expenditure. The only differ ence would bethat there would be one plump ealsry the less, and that wonld not be regarded as fatal to the country's constitution. That present of a ten of coal to the offioials of the town office is still. causing some commotion in the breasts of the New castle publio. The Mayor undertook to send it to the hospital. But the question aises- is the coal the property of the council? If not, they cannot give what is not their own. But if it should be proved to be their pro perty, what will be done if the hospital authorities refuse to receive fuel, the want of which might lead to severe attacks of pneumonia and crmmon oatarrh among the municipal staff? In the meantime,. it is understood that the officials, or some of them. refuse, to allow the coal to be removed, but will thankfully burn it in order to restore their somewhat languid and frigid circula tion. On the other hand, it is. darkly hinted that if they do not allow the coal to be removed, a charge will be made for rent or storage. Alto gether the subject is not so simple as it looks, and the position shows what perplexing re sults may follow the performance of what was, doubtless, meant to be a simple act of kindness to the municipal authorities of the principal coal port in the southern hemis phere. An intimation which has just been made by the Publio Service Board ought to revive the drooping spirits of the large number of men who have been turned adrift from the service of the State. It is stated that the Act gives all dismissed or retrenched persons the right to lodge an appeal within 30 days. If appeals are made in accordance with that provision, those making them will not be prejudiced by the faot that they have appealed. In certain eases where Civil servants have eonsidered themselves illtreated, members of the.board have invited appeals. If, after the expiration of the allotted term, appeals are net made, the board will not take advantage of the technical default by bidding members of the service for ever hold their peace. It is satisfactory to know allthis, for, undoubtedly, the feeling throughout the country at the present time is not very cordial to the board or its works. The publio expected consider able changes under the board's operations, but they certainly were not prepared to see so largeanumber of personsaffeoted and at sodie astrously short a notice. The public sentiment is indeed of such a character that if a general election were to take place to-day, and the members of the' board, or those connected with its operations, were to offer their ser vices to the free and enlightened electors, they would not have the ghost of a chanee of success. It is as well that this fact should be grasped, in case one of them may cherish a lurking desire to throw up his work and betake himself to employment of a kind which will not place him in such unpleasant and official antagonism to so many people. The mission of LI Hub a CIcan o to Britain has now been deolared. Like a true Oriental, he comes before the British publio with gifts, or rather the promise of them He says that China, on certain conditions, intends to expend a considerable amount of money in the purchase of war stores and in establishing a new army and navy. Her warships will be built in Britain on modern types, and will be commanded by British officers. He mentions inoidentally and in the same breath that he has already signed contracts for a supply of rifles from France and of artillery from Germany. What he wants is liberty to levy heavier import duties at Chinese ports than are allowed by the present treaty. The reason be advances in support of" the request is that the value of silver has been reduced by one-half since that treaty was entered into, and that the revenue of China has consequently suffered in a corresponding degree. The matter is of con eiderable importance to British interests, especially those of Lancashire. But, at this time of day, it is absurd to suppose that Britain will be permitted to dragoon Oriental nations into saying what import dutiesf shall be levied at their ports. What was not re fused to India must be allowed to China, even thouigh the hobange may mean the im position of a heavy protective duty on behalf of the cotton-spinning and other manufactur. ing interests of China. L Hcee COreo will get the qanotion he Wants with regard to the import duties. But it does not necessarily follow that all the ships re quired" by the Ohinese will be built in British shipyards, or that they will be com manded by Eritish officers. These are matters which can hardly be placed within the four corners of a treaty, but must be left to the volition of the Chinese Government. In the meantiine it is thoroughly characteristio of the Chinese Viceroy to hint that the one willbe a consequence of the other. If even in Europe the idea prevails that an ambaesa dor is a person who is sent abroad to lie for the good of his country, is it very wonderful that a veteran Chinese statesman, on business bent, should be a very diplomatio person P When the underground 'railway 'was formed in London in was regarded, and rightly so, as a very great and wonderful undertaking. It has been very usefuol in re lieving the streets of much of the passenger traffoic which pours in an unbroken stream through the metropolitan area. The inner and outer olroles have materially assisted in solving many probleme of the mighty metro polls. . Another great railway scheme' has now been undertaken. It is to be called the Central London Railway, and is expected to be completed rithin three years. There is to be no interference with houses along the route, for, by meansw of Greathead shields, the track will be out some distance below the:houses and the.labyrinth of sewers whioh have been ::built in the subsoil to a considerable depth. The stati6ne are to be 8ift below the road level, and the passeengers will ascend from and descend to the trains in lifts. That particular part of the earth's surfaeoo is so crowded that the inhabitants are forced to travel as the moles do. The time may perhaps come when the air will be utilised for transport purposes, and when the city dwellers will say that the 9 o'oloo8 balloon was up to time to a second. Even in the present stage of aeronantlng there are men to be found who are prepared to take much longer flights than from Peck ham or Camberwell to the Elephant and O~estle. The Swedish aeronaut, Adcn , and two companions are stated to have made a start in a balloon from Bpitzbergen. That is a very high latitude, but the hardy Scandi navians are bound for the North Pole. Whatever may be the result of their errand, they are reported to have taken every known precaution that will tend to success. Their balloon, if nothing unusual happens to it, will hold up for 30 days and has been pro visioned for a period of four months. It is believed that a certain hold, sufficient for guiding the huge machine, will be obtained of the earth by a number of guide ropes and grapnels. Asnna waited for a smart southerly breeze, believing that he would soon finish his trip to a point on the earth's surface from which a person cannot go farther north. 