REV. J. GARLICK. The Rev. John Garlick, late Incumbent of All Saints', Sandhurst, was the son of the Eev. Thomas Boothroyd Garlick, for many years an active clergyman in this diocese, having held at different times the livings of Benalla, Avoca, Gisborne, Kilmore, Broadford, and St. John's, Heidelberg, which last cure he resigned in 1879, and has lived in retirement ever since. The subject of our notice studied for some time at the University of Melbourne, doing duty during his undergraduate days at Tylden and Trentham under the present Dean, then Incumbent of Kyneton, by whom his services were greatly valued. After a year spent at Moore College, in Sydney, he was ordained deacon in 1869, and priest in 1870 by Bishop Perry. His first charge was that of Bacchus Marsh, where his diligent work and conciliatory temper helped greatly to re- establish the Church in the position which it had lost through the unwisdom of a predecessor. We remember, on the occasion of his marriage about this time with Miss Bamsay, daughter of the well-known minister of the first U.P. congregation in Melbourne, the late Dean saying that 'the tact and. good sense and Christian temper with which this young man had healed a breach that was not of his own making had taught a lesson to him, old and experienced as he was in the ministry.' After a brief married life he was left a widower, and shortly after was appointed to the Incumbency and Rural Deanery of Echuca, where he remained ?with great profit to the Church and acceptance to the people for six years. Mr. Garlick's ministry at Geelong, where he acted as locum tenens for Canon Goodman during that clergyman's absence in Europe, is remembered- with esteem and affection by the parishioners of Christ Church to this day. Mr. Garlick was a clear and practical preacher; his sermons, if not brilliant, were always solid and practical, while his voice was strong and sonorous, and his elocution distinct and effective. He was an admirable visitor, a kindly and sym pathetic pastor, and most painstaking and methodical in all parochial work. He gave a great deal of thought to diocesan affairs, and was more than once elected to the Council of the Diocese, as a repre sentative on that body of the country clergy, over the heads of clergy men much senior to himself. In 1885 he was transferred to the Incumbency and Rural Deanery of All Saints', Sandhurst, a post which he filled till his death. The heavy, superannuation with which this parish was weighted caused him, especially in the depressed state of the colony in these later years, much anxiety. More th,an a year ago the state of his health excited the apprehension of. his friends, and made them desire for him a removal to a sphere ? of labour in which there would be less pressure from parochial difficulties. No opening, however, presented itself, and he stayed at his post, his malady, an affection of the heart, telling of overstrain from work and worry, growing worse every month. When, on Trinity Sunday, he preached the Ordination Sermon at St. Paul's Cathedral, it Was noticed that his breathing was laboured, and that he seemed distressed in preaching. For two or three months, before his death it was evident to his family that his work was done. His friend and colleague, Archdeacon MacCullagh, felt the end to be so near that it was with difficulty he was persuaded to leave Sandhurst to attend the General Synod in Sydney. It was while the Synod was sitting that the end came. On Tuesday, 6th ult., a telegram to Bishop Goe announced that John Garlick had passed away. Within a few hours the Archdeacon was on his way to Melbourne to attend the funeral. The burial service was read at All Saints' by the Revs. E. A.- Crawford and R. W. Cook'e, in the presence of a congregation that filled the church. The address was given by Archdeacon MacCullagh, whose voice, while delivering it, was broken with emotion, the congregation also being greatly affected. The interment took place the same day in the Echuca Cemetery. We quote the following from Archdeacon MacCullagh's address:— ? ' He who lies here not only spoke of that which was right, but he walked himself in the narrow way. He has left behind that which will encourage those who, like himself, in humble faith and deep humility followed in the footsteps of the Master. To those engaged in the ministry a special warning comes from this sad event, and we, like him, must pass away, and to some of us the time is not long distant. May we be enabled in that solemn hour, when we stand before the judgment seat, to give as faithful an account as he, and may we, like him, be welcomed to that bright dwelling-place where pain or sorrow, weariness or sickness, never enter. May you meet him in that home, and may you rejoice with him on high. To all of you, dear friends; he leaves the message, 'Labour while you can; the night is coming when no one can work.' With those who are left behind, we deeply sympathise. He has passed from amongst us, but his memory remains in our hearts to cheer us and encourage us to that which is right, and warn us against that which is wrong. I regret that at the call of duty I was absent from his dying bed. His last message to me was of hope and faith; : He. said, ' I may not see you here again, but I will meet you by-and-by. I would be glad to meet you on your return, but if that cannot be, good-bye. I will meet you in the home above.' That was his last good-bye here, but when we meet again there shall be no farewell words spoken. We shall meet where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest, where God Himself shall wipe the tear from every eye. I knew him longer than anyone here, I suppose. My testimony of him, and I shall have to give an.account of it in the hereafter, is that he was a good man, full of faith, and of the Holy Ghost.' 