ARDITIS REMINISCENCES- Probably few men who hove reached the ago of 74 can look back upon lifo with so much Horenity and satisfaction, and find so much in tho retroBpoct tlmt Ib pleasant and cheerful, combined with bo little occasion for regrot, as Signor Arditi has dono whon Bitting down In silent fiea.ion of sweet thought He summons up reinembranco of things past. In fact, much of tho charm of tho hook is attri- hutablo to tho happy, hopeful tompornmcnt of tho writer, and to that natural tendency to look at tho bright side of tilings, and to seek for what was intrinsically good and lovablo in the t characters of tho men and womon lie associated with, which Boon became a fixed Irabitwith him. Thcro is in the Latin races, and especially in tho Italian branch of tho family, a quality known as simpalica, which expresses what would it' require half a | dozen English ndjoctivcs to define. It iB part of every true artist's emotional outfit. It com. municates itself to his own productions, and enables him to appreciate and to understand, as if by a natural instinct, what is excellent and adorable in tho work of other artists. Signor Arditi is essentially simjiatico, besides being, liko the lifo long friend of Pope, Bloss'd with temper, whoso unclouded ray Can limka to.morrow as to.(l.iy. Hence thero is scarcely nn ill-natured word in the wholo of theso Bcminiscences. As a com poser, and as one of the most famous musical conductors of his day, his life has been spent amongst a claas of perecus morbidly sensitive, excilnbio, eager for applause, painfully alive to censure, extremely siiscoptihlo to criticism, and n.nno tr> ion lousy : hut ill sneaking of tho great celebrities of tho lyrie stage and of tho conoort room, whom he had ho many opportunities of studying in their nientul and moral undress as it were, Signor Arditi ..remembers only the more bright and attractive aspects of their character, and writes of thorn with unfailing kindliness and in a spirit of large anil generous charity, ' As his rccolloetions go back to the days of Giiui, Mario, Lablade, Alboni and Jenny Lind, his hook covers tho most glorious period in tho liis- \- tory of the Italian opera in England ; and as ho i wob equally celebrated in Vienna, St. Peters- ' burg, New York, Mexico and Havannah, as in . London aud Dublin, his opportunities of obacrv- ation havo been unusually cxtensivo, and liis \- budget of anecdotes a tolerably copious 0110. Ho heard Tutti oing as a child, and ho usuistcd in bringing before tho English public ono of tho most successful of modern operas, tho Cavalleria Kusticanu. What ho tolls us of the earlv days of ADELINA PATTI is very characteristic. She may be said to have been horn upon the stage, for lior mother was playing in Norma on tho very night of the birth of her child. Adclina began singing in public whon she wns only seven years old, and was not mucli older when sho was brought to Arditi'B rooms in New York. Laying hor doll down, with nn admonition to listen while " hor mamma would sing lior something protty,"she demurely placed her music on the piano, and asked Arditi to accotniiany her in the rondo of Eonnam- liuin. "lfow am I to give an adequate des cription," ho writes, "of tho clfeet wliioli that child's miraculous notes produced upon our en chanted senses? PorhapB if I say that both Potterini and I wept genuine tears of emotion, tears which wero tho outcome of tho original and nevcr-to-bo-forgotteu impression her voico made whon it just stirred our innermost feel ings — that may, in some slight measuro, con vince iny readers of tho extraordinary vocal power and henuty of which littlo Adelina was, at tlmt tender age, possessed. Wo wero simply amazed, nay, electrified, at the well nigh perfect manner in which she delivered some of the most difficult and varied airs without tho slightest effort or self-con- soiousnoss." When she made hor first appear ance in London as Amina, in La Sonnamhula, sho was comparatively unknown, and she came without any preliminary blare of trumpets, but sho carried lior audience hy storm, and her first bravura passage caused the house to break out into a roar of enthusiasm that was almost unprecedented. A SHOWMAN'S TRICK. When Mr. E. T. Smith was managing Her Majesty's Theatre ho surprised some of the stars whom lie had engaged for tho season by inviting' them to accompany him on a liandsomo four- liorso drag to see the Oaks run for at Ascot. Among the guests wereTiticns and Guiglini, the great soprano and tenor, and Signor Arditi and ! his wifo. It was a delightful outing, and'nothing disturbed tho enjoyment of tho party until one of tho number, alighting from the vehicle on tiie rncocousc, and happening to walk round the hack of the coach, discovered to liis horror a large placard, with the following inscription upon it in the largest of typo : — " E. T. Smith's Operatic Company ! " " Remonstrance was of 110 avail," writes tho author of this volume, after tho mischief was done ; but tho ladies stoutly refused to returu home on the drag unless tho advertisement were removed ; and so Smith, having thoroughly enjoyed his joke, was quito ready to accede to thoir wislios, while the rest of tho company returned to town wisor yet sadder mon. But Smith, whether at Cremorne, tho Alhambra, Drury Lano or Her Majesty's, never roso above tho showman ; and wliilo at Hor .Majesty's, as Colonol Mapleson tells us in his Memoirs, he actually induced Sayers and Hcoiian tho night after tho memorable fight to attend tho theatre as a " draw." He gave them a privato box on tho grand tier, and filled ono cornor of it witli brandies and sodas and tho other with bottles of champagne. Ho like wise proposed that tlio champion's belt — which Iiad been divided in two — hould bo presented to tile pugilists between the acta of the opera on tho stago of the most aristocratic theatre in London. For tunately ho was overruled hy Mapleson. Tlio origin of Smith's rise in life was a very curious one. Ho hired a £1000 note from Snm Cenese, n money lender, at tlio rate of £1 a day. Attend ing salos ho would make largo - purchases on credit, tendering tlio noto in payment of the deposit. Tlio auctioneer was unable to change it, hut allowed the goods to pass into Smith's hands, and lie, being a slu-owd man of busi- ness, knew where to placo thorn at a profit, so that it paid him to borrow tlio £1000 noto at tho rato of 30!t por cent, per annum. SIG VOS NON VOBlk Although Arditi lias been ono of tlio most prolific of living composers, ho is better known . in all parts of tlio world' by a single song, II Bacio, than hy any othor of his works. The suggestion of the subject originated with his wifo, and tho music came to him so spon taneously and naturally, ho says, that it was writton in an incredibly Bliort Bpace of time. Piccolomini, for whom it was composed, learned it in a few liours, and sang it at a concert next day. Arditi sold it, together with three other compositions, to tho firm of Cramer for tho sum of £50; "and from that day to this," he writes, "I havo never increased my profit to tho extont of Gd. in connection with that song ! Flaxlnnd, of tho Place de la Made- leino in Paris, who gavo £10 for the Fronoh copyright, on tho contrary made a fortuno of £16,000 out of the transaction, and boasts that tlio beautiful business house ho was ablo to build in Paris was tho outcome of the enormous profits ho derived from my composition, while I heard lately that the copper plates and copy right of II Bacio wero sold a few years ngo in London for the sum of £010." SUPERSTITIONS OF VOCALISTS. Taking tliem as a body, opcratio singers, like actors and actresses, are extremely super stitious. Alboni, for example, would novor sing on tho thirteenth day of tho month, nor travel, nor sign a contract on that day, nor sit down 13 to tablo. At Chicago, tlio hotel keeper put her into tlio only vacant- bedroom, which happened to bo No. 13, but lie pasted a piece of paper over tlio number. Beforo retiring to rest, the vocalist bethought her to examino the number of hor room, and soon detected tho trick that had been played upon her. Bells wero .rung, tho inmntcs thought the place was on fire, and thero was soon an uproar. " Alboni was discovered standing in front of her door in the attitude of a tragedy queen, with the candle ill one hand and tho fatal piece of paper, healing the fictitious number in another. And what is more, she was not to ho benteu. No persuasion on earth would induce her to retire quietly to rest ill No. 13." The difficulty was eventually got ovoy by an elderly gentleman obligingly vacating his own room, and taking osscssion o f hers. Adelaide Ncilson would never commence the baicony sceno in Romeo and Juliet without first hanging a "lucky" rag of silk ovor tho railing, in tho absenco of which she believed failure to bo inevitable. Campanini, the famous tenor, always carried the stono of a prune in liis pockot as a kind of talisman. Sarah Bernhardt's fetish is an antique girdlo of modallions for- merly belonging to Napoleon, who received it as a gift from Abdaliali Bey, in Egypt. She wears it both on the stage and off, and it encircles her robo at night. Parepa Hosa : wore a coral horn, as nn amulet, and touched it ! whenever Bho came across anything unlucky. Brignoli, tho tenor, was a porfcot child in tlio matter of suporsition ; running away from a | ilock-of sheep, and walking into a herd of swine, I if ho met them. If ho encountered a hump backed man in tho stroet ho would embrace him, | always touching his hump in order to get the full benefit of his good future. Edwin Booth I wouldnevergoupon tho stago, no mattcrhow late 1 or hurried lie might be, without first pacing three timos across tlio green room, and mumbling ovor not tho first but tlio vory last speech of tho piece ho was to piiiy that night. Jefferson will break an engagement if a dog walks across tho stage at a first rehearsal ; hut if a cat does so, even in the midst of the performance be and many others regard it as an omen of good luck. Ristori attributed the succors of her Medea in Paris to tlio good hick which had been brought her by a cat attached to tlio theatre, tho animal having watulied each of the 11 rehenrsnls from the prompter's box, and jumped up into her lap in tho actress's dressing room. A CAT AS A P1SAUK MAKER. "When Roberto il Diavolo was produced at Her Majesty's Theatre in Juno, 1802, tho Btnge munngor was so had that at tho semi-public rehearsal, aftor various stoppages, Bertram twice sang his invocation to tlio demons without any rosponso from below. Poor Arditi, who was conducting, could not tear his hair, for he was bald, but throwing down his baton in a rage, ho cried out nt the top of liis voico, ' ' Where tho devilis the impresario ? " " Maplo- eon," ho goes on to soy, "whoso discretion on such occasions always got the bettor of his valor, did not ninko hisnpponrance ; and when I called out again, moro frantically than before, a large black cat came calmly and leisurely out from tho wings, walked down the middle of tho stage and stood facing mo, as though wishing to remonstrate with rno, on behalf of his master. "Of course, this proved irresistible, and in spite of my impatience I wob obliged to join the hoiiso and the orchestra in roura of laughter. Mapleson saw that his emissary had avorted the storm, and so camo forward with his moat gracious sinilo, nnd promised honcoforth to mnnngo the doviis himsoif." ILMA DE MURSKA. Arditi witnessed the dilifit of this extraordi nary Hoprano, tlio compass of whose voice embraced nearly three octaves. Scarcely Iobb remarkable aB an actress than as a singer sho was a woman of tho utmost eccentricity, both of character and of costume, and will bo remem bered as such by those who knew her in this city. Sho wns nevor seen on or off tlio stage, at Her Majesty's Theatre, without a golden holt, which she wore as a talisman. In London sho was always accompanied hy a largo' Mack Swiss mountain dog. She wore her bloudo hair reaching to lier waist, while on her head was an imitation of the hussar busby, slightly on ono side. Her jnokot was decidedly military looking. Sho mado a great sensation as Dinorah, and nchievod an enormous succoss in parts like Amina, Lucia. Marte, Ac. Arditi does not mention the fact, but she is generally understood to have been a Bohemian gipsy, and in the midst of her London career she would suddenly disappear, and bo met with in tho heart of Hungary, whither she had been summoned, it is conjectured, to tako part in some annual festival of lier tribo. Her singing and dancing in the well known shadow song wero probably tlio most woird and olf-liko tilings of tho kind ever seen or heard upon the stage, and would hold tho audience spollbound in a kind of awful silence. Her voico wns at times mystic, eerie nnd ghost like, and the strain of insanity in her nature, which revealed itself more clearly towards tl;o close of lierlifo, seemed to express itself at intervals in her singing Tho endurance of her organ was almost miraculous, and sho would Bpring up to F in alt, and sustain it like a bird, when sho was well on in years. Those 'who saw her in Now York, during lier latter years, when sho was earning a precarious subsi9tcnco< by giving lessons in music, beheld a littlo withered old woman, fragile and feeble, witli a face seamed by timo and' trouble, and a thin eifin voice, still clear and flexible, but sounding like the far off echo of its former self. She died in obscurity, and quite forgotten by most of those who had onco liung with rapture upon every note of her mar- vellonB organ. THE DUBLIN " BHOYS." In common with everyone who hae played or sung in a Dublin theatre, Arditi, haB something to relate with respect to the exuberant humor of tho gallery hoys in that-city. He was con ducting Verdi's opera of Macbeth with Mmc. Viardot in the part of Lady Macbeth, and tho famous sleep walking scene had been reached. The house was hushed, os the doctor and nurse appeared upon tho stago together, to discuss with bated breath the Biibject of the queou's brain sickness ; when, all of a sudden, tho tragic seriousness of the situation was dispelled, and a roar of laughter occasioned, hy a voice from the gallery calling out, "Hallo, doctor, what iB it— n hoy or a girl !" One would like to liavo Been the expression on Madamo Viardot'b faoe as she stood at the wings, preparing to make a thrilling entrance. A REAL SIREN. Speaking of thogrent fondness which Madamo Leblaohe had for spending money when sho had it, and for running into debt whon her puree was empty, Arditi mentions that on one occa sion she ordored a costly mantle ; was sued for payment— it was in New York— and entered tho witness box as light kcartedly as Sheridan, or as Charles Mathews would havo dono under similar cireumsfanceB. This is what followed : — " When asked to state her name, the judge, who had heard Madame Lcblache sing in opera on tho previous evening, of course recognised tlio eminent vocalist, and began to compliment her profusely on hor voico and acting, telling hor how nrach lie had enjoyed tlio music, Ac. Thereupon they entered into a lively conversation, which had nothing whatever to do witli tho case ; and, to make a long story Bhort, Madame Leblache so en tirely fascinated tho judgo that she not only gained the case with costs, but sailed triumphantly out of tho court wearing, by the way, the identical cloak that had been the cause of tho lawsuit." Tho narrator of the anecdote appears to bo so tickled hy tho humor of it as to lose sight of tho dishonesty of tho defendant in the action, nnd the reprehensible miscarriage of justice into which the judge allowed himself to be betrayed by his admiration of a popular rocalist. UTILITY OF A BALD HEAD. We remember to have heard Jefferson say that he was once refused payment of a draft on a bank in San Francisco because he had brought no one witli him to testify to liis identity. Assuming the tone of Rip in the Catskills, ho asked, "Is there nobody here has seen my lectio dog, Schneider ?" The paying toller had seen him play the character, and was qnito satisfied with tbo test. Arditi had a some what similar exporienco in New York, whoro ho presented an opon cheque of Mnple- oon's for payment. "AVlien presenting tlio cheque, tlio clerk asked me if I had not brought anyone who could identify me. I laughed and said, 'Don't you know mo? I am Signor Arditi. The mini appeared to be still uncer tain as to my identity, when a happy thought occurred to inc. I asked, ' Do you ever go to tho opera?' The clerk replied, 'Yes, often.' Then I turned my back and raised my hat, dis closing my bald head. 'Do you 'kuow me now? I urged. A grin spread all over liis countenance nnd ho cxolainicd, ' Oh yes ; now I know that you are Signor Arditi. It's all right, horo's tho money. Arditi was present when Mdlie. Guerrabella (Miss Genevieve Ward) made hor debflt at Her Majesty's Theatre in l'uritaai, and is of opinion tlmt sho would lmvo token hor placo among tho singers of tlio century had it not. been for the Iosh of lier voice during an engagement at Havannah. With characteristic energy sho transferred herself from the lyric to tlio his trionic stage, made tho tour of tho world, and is now distinguishing herself as tho (Jueon i:i M:. Irving's masniflcant revival f Cymbaling at the Ly. cum it London. 