They Say: [An open column. Comment must be fair and without malice. The Editor is not responsible for opinions expressed ] Contributors are requested to write with ink and on one side of paper only. Initials and items should be plainly written on a fair sized piece of paper (not small slips), and sent in not later than Wed- nesday evening. Who is the young man down East they call Tank. Surely not W. S. Who is the married man that lives in Pearson Street, that goes out foxing young couples at night. I see the girl up at the West can mash many more than the one who put her in. They say. But what price her sister when she is home, she can beat her by a little. The Merri street watch was won by the raffler. Who is the lady in Albert and Lygon streets, knows too much of other peo- ple's business, and not enough of her own. If Siss does not look out one of the Kit's will cut her out. Why does Bub call Earn C. a red headed ????? . Nellie does not like the idea of Fat George being called Boots, when he's proprietor or master of all he surveys. Who is the bloke down East, that said May S. is a pest. Surely not Sink. Who is the bloke that went up rabbit trapping and brought two kittens home ? Why Gus. J. the deep sinker of course. The bakers at Hennessy's had a good fight about that blessed watch. Poor Jim has got a black eye. Who is the Mongrel Dingo at the West who turned on a pal. The game law's require revising, as there should be no close season for vermin of the sort that was blue till he shed his own coat. Rye Buck of Coburg said he is going to deal out splosh to the one that put his name in They say. Who was it that saw the ghost walk near the Railway Station. Not Mr. N. you bet. What price the Stiffuns at the Hibe- rnian Hall, they wanted their under- standings oiled. Brunswick boasts of two dashing conductors i.e., Dan Mc. and Rege. U. Charley O'K said if he won the Merri street watch, it would take him all his time to watch it. Rye Buck says his teeth are not long and yellow but pearly white. Rege did not seem to enjoy himself at the dance Monday night. He's not the lively boy he used to be. They say dummies up West are very numerous their autograph and nom de plume are easily obtained, but when they are wanted they are non est. Untruthful William has had the nightmare, and thought the uncertifi- cated friend had him by the throat. Oh, lorry what a yell, a row and a smash Our Alice and a butcher who happened to be in the back yard, took fright and fell over a six foot paling fence. Five minutes later they were seen going through Kilmore. I suppose they are going yet. The sexagenarian called sometimes Frazer often has the nightmare if so that accounts for the psuedo pony race at Tungamah. There is to be a presentation up West shortly Mr. Riabur is to make it. Surely the subscribers will be invited, if so it would be advisable to secure the Town Hall Brunswick if large enough, if not a marque could be attached. Earnie said he loves nobody but one and that is Nelly. My dear Nelly. We wonder if R. U. thinks she is true, when he is not by. He ought to have seen her on the night of the 13th. Jack S. is a boy that wears a fringe, And kids himself goodlooking, His voice squeaks like a rusty hinge, And his face isn't fit for cooking. Fat George said the man that put him in the above Column, could not mash a potato much less a little widow. Is this the fault of not being taught the trade of Boots. Who is it that has got the fence worn out through gossiping. Surely not Bottle Ho. An old "shoulder arms " bloke has lately joined the larrikins band up east, so you had better mind your eye boys, for this old cad will carry tails to your martial, not lambs' tails, but other tales. They say there's a man in Bruns- wick, who is talking ill of a man that saved him from being shot with a sack gun, the people he talks to only wink the other eye and say, What a mug. It matters not the person Who has so much to say, About poor Will and A Who about West Brunswick play. To see them as they walk along . It is a real good treat, He says she is the sweetest pet He ever chanced to meet. Now Willie he's from Moreland, And Alice she's from West, And with such a pretty donah Poor Willie's really blest. Now for the present sir I think I'll end this little sonnet.; While Willie takes his Alice dear To buy the wedding bonnet. Who is the man that lately became a loafer, and employs his time with laarikins, and trying to blacken the best friend he ever had. Surely not Mr. R's friend. Lord Arthur S. down East says his girl is the belle of Brunswick, It's a wonder she is'nt frightened of him choking with them horrid collars. I see the girl down West has got a new bloke, and he don't know where to take her to shun the push. Surely it's not H. down at the butcher's. What Councillor is it that wants the new Recreation Reserve in his back yard. There will be a carnival this year and Dick Quack is engaged to ride G. D. R. Newsome scored 58 runs against the East, by good cricket. That windbag that was barracking the Pots wicketkeeper has exploded. Endersbee skittled the Parkview. Will there be a shining team this football season. If Brunswick had a new reserve our football would g o ahead, and Cricket would not be dead, our Bicyclists you could not pack, if we had an up to date track. 