LETTER PHOit DB/ JFAKRES. Da, WAEBEN, who some years ago practised his profession.in Dubbo, and more recently went 011 a trip to Europe, has, in a letter to Mr. C. H. Fitz-Gerald, given na interesting ac count <o£ one o£ Lis trips on'tlie con tinent. We give an extract.from the letter which will be widely read, as Dr. Warren was su well and popularly known here. The letter says: 41 As I tojd you, we went on a trip to tbc Baltic. We left London on August 27, and made straight for Copenhagen, where we remained three days. It is a clean, prosperous city; small, but the people look comfortable, and 1 do not think I saw one beggar. We were met at the landing stage here, as else-' where, by carriages and pairs-real swagger turns out-and guides, and were taken to see everything of interest in the town, and then to tile fashionable driving resorts, castles, and anything of interest in thu environs. There is not much to be said about Copenhagen, except that it is a homely, prosperous looking place, with an utter absence of anything pertaining to ruffianism or rowdyism ; in fact it is a worthy birthplace for our Princess of Wales, and she ii goodness and sweetness personified. Before going further, I may tell you we had about 104 passengers on the Garonne, Captain Harry acting as cicerone, and under hint was an agent of Cook's, who looked after the shore excursions. As soon as we reached port, we went ashore, where carriages were waiting with guides to take us to see the sights. When we had to go any distance we had special trains, and where practicable we put up at hotels ; in fac. they did us right well for our sixty guineas ; the only extra expense we had was wines; they paid for our admission to museums, etc., and tipped the attendants. Xhorwaldscn's Museura is the principal place of interest in Copenhagen. Wo drove out to the King's Palace, where he was in residence, but we did not see him, though we saw the Crown Prfnce and Princess, who bowed to each carriage as we drove past. We went also to Elsinore and saw the Castle of Kronberg, where the ghost of Hamlet's father was sup posed to have walked. We also saw Hamlet's tomb (made expressly for the benefit of | tourists). Copenhagen to Stockholm-the approach to Stockholm is through narrow channels among islands, and is likened by many to the entrance to Sydney Harbour j there is a sort of resemblance, but Sydney Harbour 15 more extensive. There are some very beautiful bits on the way up. The town is larger than Copenhagen, and has some very fine buildings. The tramway service is ex cellent. Stockholm is called, inaptly I think, the Venice of the North, being built on islands in the Sound, and having bridges from one island to the other. I bJd heard so much of the beauties of Stockholm, that 1 confess I was somewhat disappointed with it. Here we went through the usual castles, palaces, museums, etc. The place of most interest to me was the Zoological Gardens, where wc saw huts, dogs, sleighs, etc., of Lapland, and | Esquimaux, in the native costume, living in the heats as they do, in their native land. We also witnessed a Swedish national dance in costume. This was very pretty. In going over the palace we were shown through the private apartments of the Crown Prince, where amongst other things, we saw photos of most of our Royal family; the German Emperor, Rismark, and the Empress Frederick's j daughters, all with their autographs. One of! the photos of a daughter of the Empress Frederick had on it 'Vicky the Cow.' Wo only had two days in Stockholm, as our engines broke down getting here, and we lost 20 hours repairing. However, two days were quite enough ! From Stockholm to Wisby, in the Island of Gothland, in the Baltic. Wisby was the great emporium of the Baltic in the middle ages. It was sacked by Valdemar III. in 1361. Its interest consists in an old wall, and the ruins of numerous churches. It is a small place, but very picturesque. Wc put in Sunday morning here, and then proceeded to .St. Petersburg. Wc arrived at Cronstadt in tlie early morning, and dropped anchor, and were immediately invaded by Russian officials. Customs, and police. There were Russians in the deck saloon, Russians in the fore saloon, and Russians patrolled the deck. Thi passports had all to be looked into and scribbled over. An inventory was taken of all provisions, and all firearms, ctc., were put undtr seal. They kept us there all day, with nothing to interest us. Cronstadt is a fortified island at the mouth of the Neva, 17 miles from St. Peiersburg, leaving a large arsenal and a harbour crowded with ships of war. I pity the enemy who tries to get in there. We got up to St. Petersburg that night about six o'clock, and as it was cold and raining we did not go ashore, but next cunning we landed. The Garonne was only about 200 yards from the whart. Of all the cities I have visited, St. 1'eterslmrg is, lo my mir.d, the most mag nificent. It possesses lUe widest street (called the Nevsky Prospect) in the world. It is a glorious street, nearly straight, and wide ; fine buildings on cither side. The . river Neva runs through the city. It was too delightful driving along its banks, with a bright blue sky overhead, and the sun streaming down, and a delightful bracing atmosphere. Tlie churches are magnificent. One, St. Isaac's, is a mass ' of wealth, with its porphyry, malachite, and lapis lazuli columns, bronze -doors, be jewelled Icliins (an Ichin is a figure of the Madonna or a Saint, which are placed about the church, and which the people bow and kneel.before and kiss). There are no seats in Greek Churches ; everyone, even the Czar, has to stand. There is a good deal of crossing, and touching the ground wiih foreheads. Apparently the Russians are a devout race. You see them as they pass a church take their hats off, cross themselves, and mutter a prayer. The Russian language, or alphabet, is utterly unintelligible to us, so we were unable to read the names of the streets, or signs os-er the shops. All the shops have paintings of their wares on the outside, for the people are so illiterate that this is necessary. It is awfully funny to see bread, eggs, clothing, machinery, candles, etc., painted on the front of the shops. The horses are something to dream about. These are nearly all Tartar stallicns, most beautiful to look at, and they travel alone the streets at about fifteen miles an hour, ibe drivers leaning forward with a rein in each hand, as if they were racing in real earnest. Of course, I am speaking of private droskies; even the public ones travel at a great pace, and have tlie same class of horses, though of course a bit done up. The drosky is a cross between a Victoria and a pony carriage, but very narrow, having barely room for two people. The drivers all dress alike, a sort of low beaver (black) top hat, with bell lop, turned up brim at the tides, and a band with a buckle in ftont ; a long cloak, black or blue, lined 'with fur, and in winter often bulged out with straw for wannth sake. This gives them a back view like a fat old woman ! These cloaks reach to the ground. The winter palace is an enormous place, situated in an open space, and opposite it, in the form of a crested, sk the quarters of the guards. The, wealth of the palace is enormous. We saw the bnwgbam the Czar was its when the bomb was thrown through -the window; it oude an awful BMSS off the carriage, but the Czar escaped, and it was k>nly afterwards, when tooiuQjr after his coachman, who was injured,' thathC*#»&^blown up by a bomb thrown at bis feet. We *1»aaw (be sleigh he was taken home in. There is fr^-fcoocerTuI scarcity, of pretty Women, as far as Me saw. < The poor ire dirty and freasy loot ing, and have their hats cut straight round as if with .a basin on their heads. From St. Petersburg we had a special (rain to Moscow. We travelled all night, W as we nearly all had -sleeping *«rths it did dot matter. Moscow is a glorious city to look down on from a height, as it has 400 churches, and they all have coloured domes ; some gnqpi. gold,, blue, with stars and with out, and -.all tne roofs* of the housas are painted jieea. so y»u m*y itn?-inc what would be the effect with the sun shining on the city. It was too delightful ! But when you get into the streets, which are narrow, with high buildings each side, you see nothing of this, and it re solves itself into a dirty, noisy, ill-smelling place, with poverty staring you in the face at every turn, for y<iu do see poverty here ; dirty paupers with ragged greasy sheepskin coats on, which looked as if they never had been and nevdr would b. taken off. The Kremlin, wliicli consists of a citadel, surrounded by a wall, within which arc numerous churches, the Treasury, etc., and here also is the great bell of Moscow, weighing 200 tons. Its value as old metal is £66,000 ; a huge thing where one could comfortably hide. None of the streets of Moscow are straight, but have a circular direction. The Kremlin is nearly two miles in circumference, and has five gates, in passing one of which, called the Redeemer's gate, everyone is required to take their hat oil. I forgot to mention that the towers of the churches are of different shapes, round, square pointed, like arruws, belfries, turrets, vedettes, watch towers, and minarets. One church, that of St. Basil, has eleven spires and domes, all cf which are painted green and gold, and the effeet is striking, Some of our party went to the great fair at Nijni-h'ovgorod, but as it necessitated being in the (rain four nights running, I did not think it good enough to go. We drove out one day to Sparrow Hill, about nine miles, to get a view ovei the city. This was the spot from which Napoleon first saw Moscow. The roads were fearful ruts, axle deep, and mud up to the horses' knees. It took me back to Australia ; the country also somewhat reminded me of my native land flat, barren, and unprofitable. The tea, a la ra «?, which means with lemon instead of mill;, was glorious. I have tried it here, but it is no go. We relumed by special train to St. Petersburg, and after a stay of two days, made our way to Kiel, the principal naval harbour of Germany. It is a splendid little harbour, and here we saw the Hohenzollern, the German Emperor's yacht. We went for the day by special train to Liibeck, on old Hausse town built in 1066, where we visited several old buildings of interest, and returned to Kiel and the ship in the evening. Next morning we entered the Baltic Canal, and were in it all day. It is a wonderful piece of engineering skill, and passes through some very charming bits of country. There is a lock at either end, and it was very funny to see our great boat of nearly 4CKX>.tons in them. We stopped a few hours at Cuxhavcn, but it was too hut to go ashore (for me anyhow), and then made our way to Heligoland, a most picturesque island, standing well up out of the North Sea. It is nearly three miles in circum ference, and has an area of about ^ of a square mile. There are about 2000 inhabi tants. The trade is fish and wild birds. There are lots of attracting shops, a Casino, and numerous lodgings, as it is a favourite German watering place. It is visited by about 15,000 people during the bathing season. The air is glorious ; in fact it is a delightful spot to go for quiet and relaxation. Hencc to Tilbury for London, which we readied on September 25th. 