NEWS FROM COOLGARDIE. ¥ (By Parramatta.) The Coolgardie newspapers have not yet discovered the fact that a Typographical Association has recently been formed in this town. It came into, existence some weeks backhand all the compositors em ployed on the Coolgardie Miner, Golden Age, and Mining Review have become members. Without a doubt the new association will do much to raise the status of the comps. on these fields by maintaining a rate of remuneration compatible with the energy 'and intelligence which the professor oi the " art preservative of arts " is expected to exert and possess. At present the printers are the most poorly paid of any handicraftsmen on the fields, and this is solely due to a lack of united effort in the past. The first elected officers of the Cool gardie Typographical Society are : — Mr. W. C. Robertson, presidents Messrs. C. Thomas and H. Cathro, vice-presidents ; Mr. E. Salter, secretary s and Mr. W. A. Caffyn, treasurer; assisted by a board "of management comprised of delegates from the several local offices. Trades Unionism is growing and waxing strong on these fields, and in the near future will be a potent factor for the improvement of the moral, political, and material well-being of the workers. # # # A short while back the " old pioneers " of the Coolgardie goldfiald held a convivial re-union and made themselves very merry with the solid and liquid refreshments which they had met to discuss, especially the liquid. Then they fell to recounting their experiences in the past, and compar- . ing the hard lives they had to lead in those early days with the present period of luxury ; and, indeed, they seemed to re gret that those hard-living times had " gone for ever." Now, I rather like to meet with one of these genuine "old pioneers," and -everyone who sat around that festive board could be reckoned as one. But the bogus " old pioneer" I much detest. There arp hundreds of these on the fields — some of them arrived hero about twelve months back, and some the day before yesterday. Nothing delights the sham pioneer better than to get the ear of a newer arrival than himself, and recount terrible tales of the hardships ho underwent coining up the track, and the fearful struggles he had for existence on arrival here; how ho lived for weeks on " tinned dog," and went many days without water. He generally winds up his " fairy " with the assurance that living in Coolgardie now is "beer and skittles," as compared with preserved cannino and no water in the early years of the decade. As time rolls on, and the ranks of the genuine " old pioneers" are becoming thinned, I thinlc some means should be adopted for preserv ing their names to posterity, and thus euchreine- the sham nioneer. who sn fvn. quently asserts himself. To this end I would suggest that a lirge stone slab be erected on top of the Red Bluff, at the end of Ford-street, and on this slab let the names of the "old pioneers," both dead and living, be engraved. Then we would be able to tell who is who. As things are now, you could not throw a brick in Bayley- street without hitting an "old pioneer"— and perhaps several. # # # I laughed ha! ha!, and laughed ho ! ho! when I read in your last issue that the guileful comp. had caused me to say thai Sir John Forrest made his entry into Cool gardie seated on a dray. No, dear comp., he was not seated 011 a dray, but on a d-r-a-g, and don't you forget it. The pmuiiui Uirt-J 13 UliU ViUUieiU UA lUUUSbn and frugality, whilst the patrician d-r-a-g is the outward and visible sign of idlenes.. and luxury. Now let that piece of informa tion sink deeply into your understanding, and then draw your own inferences. # % The Forrest Government will 2-ersist in sowing the wind, therefore it must be pre pared to reap the whirlwind ; and if a good Coolgardie willi-willi bursts upon it great will be the shock experienced. A rumpus is being caused up here by making the transfer of mining leases legal only through the head office at Perth, instead of in thr local warden's office, as formerly. This has been done so that the fat legal shai-ks oi Perth may fatten on the already overtaxed miners. If the people of these fields quietly accjuiese in this shameful attempt at rob bery, they will deserve to be rated as das tards and cowards for ever and a long time after. Such a course as the Government has decided upon will prove a paralysing stroke for the mining industry," and "com pletely prostrate business general v. The Kalgoorlie people have already commenced an agitation for the abrogation of the in justice, but so far Coolgardie has shown but little sign of resentment. The strong- minded; resolute, determined men have evidently all gone from Coolgardie, leaving only weak-kneed, spineless representatives behind them — fellows who strut about in white shirts and starched collars, and fall prone to earth and grovel when a member o t te Forrest Ministry eomcs anigh them. \- # # A sectarian ghost essayed to walk in Coolgardie recently, but was promptly excerised. The Roman Catholic section of the community announced through the Press their intention to hold a bazaar, in aid of the fund for the completion of the local church, aud in the said announcement they omitted to place the word "Roman" before " Catholic," and this gave such offence to a narrow-minded bigot that he rushed straightway into print, and over the pen-name "Anglicanus," endeavoured to show that the Anglicans had a sole and indivisible right to the title of "Catholic," and that any other sect daring to make use of it should h ave it prefixed by another to show the distinction. This silly effusion brought forth such an effective answer that I venture to quote its full text as a warning to other bigots : — " Sir — It is a regrettable but generally recognised fact that in all mixed communities there are to be found a few bigoted, intolerant, and in sectivorous specimens of the "Humans." Coolgardie has proved no exception to the rule, as is painfully apparent by the letter which appears in your issue of the 11th inst., above the signature of " Anglicanus." Such an " epistle " could only emanate from one of the specimens above referred to. Happily the march of intellectual thought and the advancing tide of scientific re search has, already, pretty well "snuffed" out intolerant members of a " Church " wbc se ' leaders have on all occasions (except . one) during the centuries, opposed every meas ure brought forward for the advancement of the civil and religious liberty of the people of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Old world intoler ance should have no foothold in these young colonies, and should be promptly stamped out. — I am, etc., " ANTI-BIGOT." # # # # The bazaar (mentioned above) was opened on Thursday last, by Mr. De Courcey Brown — a Protestant. This must be a harrowing experience for small-souled men of the " Anglicanus " stamp. What is perhaps worse is the fact that it was largely patronised by all sections of the community. Mr. Brown's remarks were so broadminded, liberal, and charitable that I venture to give an epitome of them as indexing the trend of modern thought : — "He felt himself in sympathy with the objects in view, and rejoiced in beholding the good ladies who had taken upon their shoulders this effort to aid in God's work, and to lift the big load off their pastor by endeavouring by means of this bazaar to make the finances of the church more satis factory. - It was his desire to see the houses of worship multiply on these gold- fields. Though personally not a member of the Roman Catholic Church yet he had broad sympathies and rejoiced always to see God's law and worship reverently obeyed and carried out in any form what ever which appealed to the hearts of the different sections of the community." The bazaar was continued for three days and closed on the evening of Saturday the 18th uitemo. The articles on the stalls were very artistically arranged, and the decorations quite a credit to Coolgardie. The ladies who had charee of the four fancy stalls were as follows: — Mrs. Mc Cracken (who was the organiser of the Bazaar), and Mrs. O'Sullivan; Mrs. W. H. Jerger ; Mrs. Lawler and Miss Lardy ; and Mrs. E. Ivory. The refreshment stall was ably looked after by Mrs. Leach, and the delicacies this lady had to dispose of were duly appreciated. Singing and music was provided during the evening, and much enjoyed. # # # The weather during the past week has been variable, but generally threatening rain. Although only a very little of the precious fluid has fallen in Coolgardie, accounts from the surrounding districts report copious downpours. 