IN THE EVENT OF WAR. * T H E N A N D NOW. [By HUGH KALTPTUS.J Two or three years ago there came into my hands & small bookxwith a red covex, inscribed oa the top side "Colonel B. T. Finniss, unearthed from the Archives of the Staff- Office." I hereby apologise to the gontieman who lent it to me for being too good a book-keeper; and if he adopted the excellent expediont of my friend Mr. R- Jagoe, -who keeps a little ledger in which he makes borrowers, be they Governors, Judges, or common inkslingers like myself, duly sign for the books taken away, this delay would not have happened. However, I am ?lad it did, for in the "exigencies of the Empire"—vide Sir John Downer—it is worth reading, although, singularly enough, there is not a date from end to end. It is a manuscript volume recording resolutions passed in the infancy of Australian defence, and I leave some of the veteran warriors, like Major Solomon, Highlander W. C. Buik, and others of that ilk, to spot the period. Resolution No. 1, proposed by Colonel Barber, seconded by Ciptain Musgrave is—" That the defence be sufficient to guard against an attack of three or four vessels capable of landing 500 men," and the note is "discussion" ensued, after which the Commission divided on the question. For — Colonel,'' Barber, Captain Musgrave, Colonel Warburton, Colonel Finniss. Against—Captain Biggs, who proposed as an amendment—"That the number of men likely to be landed should be 800 in place of 500 f but there being no seoonder the amendment was not put. The next resolution is equally entertaining in the light of the latter day—" That die probable mode of attack by an enemy would be, firstly, the Ehelling of Port Adelaide and shipping even by a single vessel lying off the coast, west of Port Adelaide, without landing men; secondly, or an attack by threo or four ships of war capable of lauding an armed force not exceeding 500 men at some point between the Semaphore and Black Cliff, near Marino, under cover of the guns of the attacking ships." Colonel Warburton wanted the words "between the Semaphore" omitted, and "north of Black Cliff " inserted, and again the motion was carried with one dissentient—the gallant Colonel. Reading further, it is amusing to see how history repeats itself. A motion was carried unanimously—"That, in the opinion of the Commission, the defence of the colony by ships of war procured and maintained out of •the colonial funds ia out of the question, the expense of such a scheme being so great aa to render it impracticable. 1 ' I direct the attention of ex-Sergeant Charles Cameron Kingston to this. Then I find Captain Biggs proposing "That torpedoes will afford a valuable means of defence against vessels entering the Port Creek." This was carried with only Captain Musgrave dissenting. The torpedo station was in the far future ihen. ^ Then, on the motion of Colonel Barber, it was decided that " a battery should be constructed at Point Malcolm for the protection of tho Port;" also " That the Commission coneider that a road at the back of and close to the sandhills between the Semaphore and Marino is absolutely necessary for the defence of the intervening coast and oountry;" and Captain Biggs' wanted gun-platforms erected on the sandhills at intervals of about 2,000 yajfis, Colonel Barber opposing strenuously. The eighteenth resolution affirmed the necessity of having two batteries to protect Slenelg—the place where the big guns were buried, and whore the Buffalo carronade6 now mount guard on Colley's Reserve. A floating hattery was also proposed, but the voting being equal the motion was lost on tho Chairman's casting vote. Captain Howard and Colonel Barber appear to have wanted the Government to purchase from the Admiralty three light-draught double-screw iron gunboats, each carrying one eighteen ton gun, fitted to lower into the hold when loading. Well, we got the Protector later on, and some satirical new chum on a mail steamer lately asked if we " took her in after dark to keep her out of the dew." Tho Commission were exercised in their minds over a Naval Brigade, and wanted 200 Volunteer Artillery, 400 infantry, and 100 cavalry in addition; a full day's pay at any time before noon to be 6s. " Great Caesar's ghost, 6e.!" I can imagine Tommy Atkins of to-day exclaiming, "That must have been when C. C. K. was at Yonng'6 school playing ' hoppy' jn his leisure hours and studying tactics," The humorous and yet pathetic side of this Commission is reflected in the motion '"That the officers of volunteers should not receive pay; they will undoubtedly consider the honour of oommanding sufficient." The dissentient here was Colonel Finnish, and quite, right too. The permanent officers of the force were to be paid thus :—Commandant, E550 and forage for two horses; Captain, E400 and forage for one horse ; and Lieutenant E300. This, of course, was carried unanimously. It is awfully interesting reading this resolution-book without a date; it revives so many recollections. Was there a war scare m then? 