BAPTISTS IN SESSION. THE CHURCH AND ITS FUNCTIONS. FOREIGN AND HOME MISSIONS. A CHINESE CHURCH SEEKS UNION. The Rev. E. Price, like Zacchaeus, is small of stature. The winds of many winters have swept over his head, and his hair 13 grey. But his energy is unabated; the persoual magnetism he contains comes forth as freely as ever; and his enthusiasm is quite contagious. This was very noticeable yesterday during the continuance of the sittings of the Baptist Union, when he opened the morning's conference with a paper on "Tho Church— its Functions." There was a good deal of really interesting matter in the paper. Mr. Price's definition of the word Church was "the fellowship of Christian souls." There was only one Church— the Church of the saved. By re ference to the New Testament he proved that Baptists were Congregatlonallsts. There were those who claimed to be "the Church." Now, he did not like that, and had been pleased to hear the Primate, in the true Christian spirit, sneak cf other communions than his own as "Churches." This emboldened Mr. Price to give his Idea of a Church as "a body free and independent, own ing no allegiance to Pope or Prelate, nor oven to assembly or conference, but amenable alone to the one supreme Lord, the Head of the Church, even the Christ." A little later Mr. Price, with increased fervor, declared that wherever there were Christian men and women meeting in fellow ship, and in the name of Jesus, there was a iruo Church, which might claim tho presence of Christ. As to the work of tho Church, the rev. gentle man showed that it had more to do than merely attend to the spiritual. It should attack every bad law, evil-working social usage, and public law. Accessaruy, ne auuou to mis, tne reminder "that tlie Church should look at all matters from the standpoint of the Christ." How would Christ view the drink traffic, gambling, opium dens, sweating, and many other things? Judged by His nature. His love lo men. He could only be their determined enemy — "the enemy of ail that is evil in itself, or in Its tendency, and the Church called by Christ's name should be ever found in the front rank fighting against such forces." The rev. gentleman became even more practical before he cloned. "Her (meaning the Church) spirit and work would be helped by her brave defence of the poor and needy. Let iier feed the hungry, clothe the naked, deliver the oppressed, aud demand in every department of human life submission to the true and heaven-ap pointed King; then her light will shine, and she will fulfil a grand part of her destiny by. giving law to society." Thero was much applause, and a discussion, opened by the Rev. W. A. Southwell. FOREIGN MISSIONS. Federal sympathy appears to be world-wide. The latest echo of it comes from India. At least that was the keynote of tho report which the Rev. F. Iiibberd presented in regard to foreign mission work. First there came a necessary reference to local matters, difficulties met with and overcomo in regard to meetings, and other questions of policy. Tho committee, it wont on to say. had resolved to act in harmony with the other Australasian societies in the employ ment of native preachers, and in supplying cor rect information respecting the financial position for the English Baptist IlamlbooK. Those small steps towards federation had been followed by another to the effect "That a sub- committee be ap pointed to fully consider the practicability, and, if necessary, to communicate with tlie other colo nies, with a view to the federation of our various foreign missionary societies." The trend of events wan said to he In this direction. bitting allu sion was made to the visit or two missionary on- thuslasts — tlie Revs. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., and Dr. Whitley, whose visits to the various Austra lasian stations would surely help on the cause. The recommendations lliey made are to be carried out as opportunity otters, hope being expressed that when Mr. Finlay arrived on the station (ho is tho new male missionary) he would be able to attend to them on the spot. A brief summary was given of the work done at the ComilJa station, and then, in fitting and sorrowful terms, regret was expressed at tho complete prostration of Mis:- Lynne, who had boon compelled to give up her work and go to England. In view of the state of her case, she has been released from all further obligations to the society, but what is of more practical importance, not only had her passage to Eugland been paid, but a substantial sum of money had been sent her. There was a tribute to Miss Lynne's "valued missionary services." Miss Middleton "still holds the position with great fortitude," the report explained. She has passed "through lier 'final examination in Ben gali .with credit. Mr. Finlay was being sent ' to India earlier than intended because of the unexpected turn of affairs brought about by Miss Lynne's sudden breakdown. The report concluded thus: "Feeling sure that tho IIolv Ghost has said, 'Separate Me, David Fin lay 'and his wife, for the work wliercunto I have appointed them,' we send them forth In tho name of the Trlume God. with our hearty pray ers that they may have rich Pentecostal bless ings in Comllla." This was subsequently supplemented by a re port from the field, tolling of steady work and sure progress. The Ladies' Zenana Society and the Girls' Zenana Aid Society also submitted re ports, creditable alike to themselves and tho cause they are so nobly aiding. The whole of the reports, together with the treasurer's state ment, were ununlmously adopted. The following joint foreign missionary com mittee was elected: — Mesdamcs \V. White. F. E. Harry, F. Hlbbord. R. Taylor, W. Buckingham, Porter, H. Clark, W. A. Southwell, C. Palmer, J. Mansfield, and Misses King, Taylor, Garsido, Broadfoot, Barbour, Messrs. J. Weils, E. J. Robinson, R. Taylor, William White, A. II. King, J. CUrnour, D. I-Iowat, J. T. Fisher, W. Bucking ham, M. Brown, J. Palmer, A. J. Stone, E.. J. Wnkoliam, F. It. King. Rev. F. Iiibberd, with the ministers of churches. from other churches. Three brethren, representing the Wesleyan bodv and one the "Disciples of Christ" called during the afternoon. Tho first-named were th« Rev. J. A. Nolan, the Rev. J. Spenco, and Mr. R. Conway, and the fourth George T. Walden. Mr. Nolan 'spoke first, and in the course of a some what lengthy greeting was emphatic in asserting, "Wo believe in denominatlonaiism as tho bulwark of our religious freedom." He extended to his Baptist brethren the liund of Christian fellow ship, and wished them "God speed." The Rev. J. Spence emphasised this, and Mr. Conway ut tered a few words in keeping with the great desire of to-day for further Christian union, rastor George T. Walden spoke for tho "Dis ciples of Christ." The Rev. Dr. Porter, a broad and liberal-minded man, acknowledged tho greet ings on behalf of tbe Baptists. He made one state ment which the delegates cheered to the echo. "Denominations are an eternal disgrace. I say this with all the emphasis of my soul." With litis as Ills rallying cry he added. "Every Christ- loving man will soon learn that if he don't pull the walls down, the walls will fall on him and crush him." There was more applause, for there was no mistaking tho doctor's earnestness. THE SCRIPTURAL CHURCH. A number of Chinese residents, who some eight months ago formed a church in Castle- roagh-street and appointed the Rev. David Shing as pastor, having searched the Scriptures in English, and come to the conclusion that tho Baptist denomination is the nearest to the Scriptural ideal, sought admission within its fold. Six of their number, James Moy, David Shing, S. Wall Ho, Phillip Pang Yin, James M. Shing, aud Thomas Lee, members of the union committee, presented a petition to tho effect stated. They carefully emphasised tho point that they wanted no financial aid, merely teaching assistance In helping their countrymen to understand tho English language in order that tlioy might search the Scriptures, and thus find Christ. They reminded the union that in doing this tiicy would he helping home-foreign mission work. Three of the deputation addressed the union, two of them speaking in extremely gand English. This was particular' noticeable in tho case of Mr. Titos. Loc. There was much ap plause, ami subsequently, r.u tlie motion of tho Rev. F. E. Harry, it was decided that the applica tion he submitted to a small sub-committee, con sisting of the Revs. W. II. Hiddlestonc, Dr. Por ter, II. Clark, and F. E. Harry, who would re port to tlio executive committee, the lastnamed having power to act. in the meantime aid will be given. home missions. Tlie Rev. IT. Clark delivered himself of the home mission report. Despite efforts at condensa tion, It is still a lengthy document. But it tells of noble work done, victories achieved, steady progress, and the winning of souls for Christ. Tlie committee appointed was the Revs. F. Iiib berd. Dr. Porter, II. Clark, Messrs. Hugh Dix- son, Win. White, G. P. Barbour, J, J. Stone, S. R. Miller, and R. Taylor. the executive. Tlie executive committee for tlie year 1S9G-97 consist of Messrs. W. White, S. R. Miller, J. A. Packer, R. Taylor, E. P. Barbour, M.A., C. Ro gers, II. DiXFon, J. Cunningham, H. Priestly, A. Stone, D. Howat, S. King, C. Mungomery, F. R. King, and O. M'Lachlan. Tlie half-yearly meeting of the union will be held at Ashlield. PUBLIC MISSIONARY MEETING. At night tho cause of foreign missions was naelo. There was a tea at half-past 0. and a meeting an hour later. Tho Rev. Seth Jones presided. Tho church was illled. There always appears to be a glamor of romance about foreign missions. It looms large In reports, speeches, and hymns. It was so last night. Tlie Rev. F. Iiibberd submitted the re ports. Then Mrs. Finlay told how God had called her to India to work for Him. The Rev. Dr. Porter emphasised the glory of foreign mis sion work, ami showed how a Church succeeded In accordance with its zeal therein, and Mr. Fin lay (missionary elect) told of his sanctificatlon and subsequent call to India. All speakers asked for sustaining prayers. The meeting was enthu siastic throughout. The sittings of the union will be continued to- day. . 