Tobacco Dust for Insects A reader asks me. says T. GreJner, hether tobacco dust should be applied o vines when they are wet with dew or hen they are dry. This moves me to ay that the tobacco dust or the bone eal, or the mixture of both, is not inended as a coating for the leaves, which ould make them poisonous or unalatable, but as a covering for the soil, hat will make the atmosphere very unomfortable for all insects and worms. like to have the material remain dry nd dusty as long as possible. In that ase it has a more thorough effect on ugs and beetles that have hard shells. he wet tobacco, or tobacco tea, or even the fumes of wet tobacco, are very nwholesome to the soft-bodied insects, worms, etc. I find that the cucumber beetles do not like to work in dust, and least of all in tobacco dust When I put this latter inch deep round melon or ucumber plants, the yellow-striped eetle promptly takes its departure and will stay away as long as the tobacco emains dusty, or as long as it gives off a strong tobacco smell. Let me repeat too, that this same waste material is one of our best and cheapest general insecticides. We can se it both under glass and in open air. By all means keep a good supply of it . n hand. Possibly you can get sweepings from a near cigar factory, or you may buy the material by the barrel at $2.50 to$3. It will last you for years and help you to keep the premises clear f the various pests that prey upon crops and animals. If you scatter tobacco dust by hand or with bellows over your rows ot peas, just at nightfall, yon can kill the slugs that are so often eating all the lower foliage oft and greatly damage the crop. Or if you dust It in the same way over your currant and gooseberry bushes, when infested with worms, you will quickly see the worms disappear. In the same way you can quickly kill all the leaf-eating worms and slugs on your trees and bushes everywhere. The tent caterpillar and the fall web-worm, and all other caterpillars on trees and plants give up the ghost within a few minutes after coming into contact with tobacco dust And besides all this, tobacco dust is worth about what it costs as a fertiliser. We can also control, in a measure at least, the most unmanageable pests of our gardens, namely,- the flea beetle and the cabbage maggot But in order to make thorough work, in ridding the plants of these pests, we have to be very liberal in the use of rthe tobacco dust For instance, if we throw a good big handful into the heart of the cabbage plant or cauliflower plant or on a choice seedling potato, we may be quite sure that the fiea beetles will leave, for a time at least and If we apply the same quantity to the stem of a cabbage or cauliflower plant we may be sure the maggots will not flourish there for a while. _ 