OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. The Upper House spent three days in dis cussing the remaining clauses in the Companies Bill, and late on Thursday night it dispoaed cf the measure and returned the Bill to the Assembly with numerous important and really valuable omendmentF. By the aid of the select committee the Legislative Council hea turned out a first-class B .11. It has thrown aside as worthless all the pernicious clauses Introduced by the Attorney-G3iieral and sup ported by the radicals. If tbe Bill as it now stands could be at once passed into law great good would result, but of course the Govern ment have no «uch iutentlons. To pull the unwary, and trap the ignorant and pri j idiced voters at the nearirtg election, Mr. Turner must manufacture a good ' cry ' to go to the country with, and the Council is always useful this- way. The Lower House got through or rather tinkered with a miscellaneous lot of business. On Tuesday the Mines Act Amendment Bill was advanced a stage in the second reading, after which the Factories Bill was received from the Council. Some of the amendments of the Upper House were agreed to. The one which insists that no shops shall be closed on any day except on petition of two-thirda of those interested, which the Council agreed to practically unanimously was rejected by the Assembly, who restored the bare majority. The clause exempting creameries, butter factories, &o;, was also r»- j -cted. The bill was returned to the Upper House. When the Mining Development B'll was received from the Council with important amendments, Mr Turner said that he intended to agree with all the amendments, but as the bill was a money bill the Council shou:d not have amended it. Ha would introduce the amendments in the form of a new bill This was done and the bill passed through all its stages. The Constitution Act Amendment B;ll wae shortly debated and then practically passed. A. few trifling amendments will have to bc made on the third reading. Several leading supporters of the bill stated that it was a waste of time di60U88icg the measure, because it was notorious that the Council would not pass it in its present form. The Government, of course, are well aware of this fact ; but forced the bill through as it will give them something to «dd to their election tactics. O i Wednesday the Savings Bmks Bill wae disposed of and sent to the Council. The Libor members made all sorts of attempts to introduce some of their pet fads, bat were de feated by large mej jrities. Mr M'Coll moved the second reading of the Homes Protection Bill. The hon. member stated that the o1 j ct of the measure waa to secure the home3 of the settler against all creditors, but clauses were inserted to prevent rogiiBs and swindlers cheating their creditors Mr R M. Smith vigorously opposed the bill, stating that it meant thnt settlers could cheat at will. To this Mr Flak retorted that the bill was not retrospective, and the creditor was pTottc'ed. O,ber hon. members discussed the bill, generally supporting it, but suggest ing various improvement?. The hill was read a second tima and committed pro forma. When the E donates wero uuder discussion on Thursday Mr.Diakin spoke for eome hours in defence of his notion as Minister of Water Supply in the G Hies Qjverrnrnt. Mr. Dcakin has admittedly been unfairly criticised and ur justly blamed for matters over which he had'no control, while he has nevor received proper commendation for many satisfactory results which followed bis administration of tbe Department ot Water Supply. Mr. Deskin and Mr. Murray South are the two oblfB! men in the Assembly, and it is a pity that thev cannot seo their way to work to gether. Mr Do&kin;'s wonderful abilities have always been clouded l-y his association with the radioal section of the Hi.u;e. Had he years ago joined tho progressive party, he would before jiow have baeu P.emier, and would hove made certainly the b.st Prime Minister that Victoria ever had. At the pam-r time it is grossly unfair for tbe Argus to so severely criticise' Mr D^akin becaune in tbe honesty of his heart be eleots to keep wi'.h th* Age party. Ha is, however, much respected in the Assembly, and bia long, and of couroe eloquent, oration produced a good tffot, ond will bolp perhaps to re.rn.ovQ 6Qffl° °f the bitter pnjadiccB with which his name is unfairly asaiciated. The Customs Act Amendment Bill came up for its third reading. Some couple of d« z c members strongly protested against the bill. Mr Murray Smith described it as ' out rageous,' hut the bill was practically agreed to. Outside the House the measure is rt gu-ded as too drastic, ar-d gives far loo mncb power to the Customs-house i ffineis. It nsakee the Minister an it qalsitor-gencral, and under any circumstances the B'll Is not nqnired. It ia txpected and hoped that the Upper House will threw the Bill out, as it is one ol those measutes which they cannot amend. At a largely attended meeting of the leading councillors of the principal municipalities, it was decided by overwhelming majorities after considerable discussion to oppose the Constitu tion Act Amendment Bill, particularly the clauses relating to one-man-one-vote and woman suffrage. The opinion wae freely ex pressed that the Assembly had entirely lost i be confidence of the people, and that thc Legislative Council must be relied upon to defeat tbe radical measures sent up from the Lower House. Delight was freely expressed that the Upper House had thrown ont the Municipal Electors Bill, which would hav-- given a vote to every ratepayer, irrespective whether ratea had been paid or not. It is now an open secret that in the event ol Mr Turner coming back with a working mpj.irity, Mr Trenwith is to be rewarded with a portfolio. This has given huge pleasure to the labor party, who are quietly working like Trr j ins to capture every possible vote at th.- nearing election. At present it Is a question if either Mr Turner or Mr Trenwith will be re'uroed again. The Premier would not have a ghost of a show at Sr.. Kilda excepting for Che votes in BUac'ava, which is part of that electorate. Mr Trenwith, too, is far lese popular at Richmond than he used to be, no: a single mee'lng has been held to welcome him back, and his open air meeting on Sunday afternoon was very poorly attended by Rich mond people^ ? 