THE WIZARD.* By H. RIDER HAGGARD. AUTHOR OF "SHE," "ALLAN QUATERMAIN," "KING SOLOMON'S MINES," &c.; CHAPTER XI. THE WISDOM OF THE DEAD (Continued). It was shortly after this conversation that the old King died with results very different from those which Hokosa had anticipated. Although he was a Christian, to his surprise Nodwengo showed that he was also a strong ruler and that there was little chance of the sceptre slipping from his hand-none indeed while the white teacher was there to guide him. What will you do now, Hokosa?" asked Noma his wife upon a certain day. "Will you turn you to Hafela after all?" "No," answered Hokosa; "I will con sult my ancient lore. Listen. Whatever else is false, this is true; that magic exists, and I am a master of it. For a while it seemed to me that the white man was greater at the art than I am; but of late I have watched him and listened to his doc trines, and I believe that this is not so. It is true that in the beginning he read my plans in a dream, or otherwise; it is true that he hurled the lightning; back upon my head, but I hold that these things were accidents. Again and again he has told us that he is not a wizard, and if this be so he can be overcome." "How, husband?" "How? By wizardry. This very night, Noma, with your help I will consult the dead, as I have done in bygone time, and learn the future from their lips which can not die." "So be it; though the task is hateful to me, and I hate you who force me to it." She answered thus with passion, but her eyes shone as she spoke for those who have once tasted the cup of magic are ever drawn to drink of it again, even when they fear to do so. It was midnight, and Hokosa with his wife stood m the burying-ground of the kings of the Amasuka. Before Owen came upon his mission it was death to visit this spot except upon the occasion of the lay ing to rest of one of the royal blood, or to offer the annual sacrifice to the spirits of the dead. Even beneath the bright moon that shone upon it the place seemed ter rible. Here in the bosom of the hills was an amphitheatre, surrounded by hills of rock varying from five hundred to a thou sand feet in height. In this amphitheatre grew great mimosa thorns, and above them towered pillars of granite, set there not by the hand of man but of Nature. It would seem that the Amasuka, led by some fine natural instinct, had chosen these columns as fitting memorials of their kings, at the leaat a departed monarch lay at the foot of each of them. The smallest of these unhewn obelisks-it was about fifty feet high-marked the resting place of Umsuka; and deep into the granite of it Owen with his own hand had cut the dead King's name and date of death, surmount ing the inscription with the symbol of the cross. Towards this pillar Hokosa made his way through the wet grass followed by Noma, his wife. Presently they were there, standing one upon the side of a little mound of earth more like an ant- heap than a grave, for, after the custom of his people, Umsuka had been buried sitting. At the foot of each of the other pillars was a heap of similar shape, but many times as large for the kings who slept there were accom panied to their resting places by numbers ot their wives and servants who had been slain in solemn sacrifice that they might attend their lord whithersoever he should wander. "What is it that you would do," asked Noma, in a hushed voice for, bold as she was, the place and the occision awed her. "I would seek wisdom from the dead!" he answered. "Have I not already told you, and can I not do it with your help?" "What dead, husband?" "IUmsuka the king. Ah! I served him living, and at the last he drove me away from his side. Now he shall serve me, and out of the nowhere I will call him back to mine." "Will not this symbol defeat you?" and she pointed to the cross hewn in the granite. At her words a sudden gust of rage seemed to shake the wizard. His still eyes flashed, his lips turned livid, and with them he spat upon the cross. "It has no power," he said. "May it be accursed, and may he who believes therein hang upon it! It has no power; but even if it had, according to the tale of that white liar, such things as I would do have been done beneath its shadow. By it the dead have been raised - ay! dead kings have been dragged from death and forced to tell the secrets of the grave. Come, come, let us to the work." "What must I do, husband?" "You shall sit you there, even as a corpse sits, and there for a little while you shall die - yes, your spirit shall leave you - and I will fill your body with the spirit of him who sleeps beneath; and through your lips I will learn his wisdom, and whom all things are known." "It is terrible! I am afraid!" she said. "Cannot this be done otherwise?" "It cannot," he answered. "The spirits of the dead have no shape or form; they are invisible, and can speak only in dreams or through the lips of one in whose pulses life still lingers, though soul and body be already parted. Have no fear. Ere his spirit leaves you it shall recall your own, which till the corpse is cold stays ever close at hand. I did not think to find a coward in you, Noma." "I am not a coward, as you know well," she answered passionately, "for many a deed of magic have we dared together in past days; but this is fearsome, to die that my body may become the home of the ghose of a dead man, who perchance, hav ing entered it, will abide there, leaving my spirit houseless, or perchance will shut up the doors of my heart in such fashion that they never can be opened. Can it not be done by trance as aforetime? Tell me, Hokosa, how often have you thus talked with the dead?" "Thrice, Noma." "And what chanced to them through whom you talked?" "Two lived and took no harm; the third died, because the awakening medicine was not powerful enough. But fear nothing; that which I ahve with me is the best. Noma, you know my plight: I must win wisdom, and you alone cane help me; for under this new rule I can no longer buy a youth or maid for purposes of witchcraft, even if one could be found fitted for the work. Choose, then: shall we go back or forward? Here trance will not help us; for those entranced cannot read the future; nor can they hold communion with the dead, being but asleep. Choose, Noma." "I have chosen," she answered. "Never yet have I turned my back upon a venture, nor will I do so now. come life, come death, I will submit me to your wish, though there are few women who would do as much for any man. Nor in truth do I do it for you, Hokosa; I do it because I seek power, and thus only can we win it who are fallen. Also I love all things strange, and desire to commune with the dead and to know that, if for some few minutes only, at least my woman's breast has held the spirit of a king. Yet, I warn you, make no fault in your magic; for should I die beneath it, then I, who desire to live on and to be great, will haunt you and be avenged upon you!" "Oh! Noma," he said, "if I believed that there was any danger for you, should I ask you to do this thing?-I, who love you more even that you love power, more than my life, more than anything that is or ever can be." "I know it, and it is to that I trust," [* Copyright, 1896, by H. Rider Haggard, in the United States of America. The right of publica tion of this work throughout the Australasian colonies has been purchased by the proprietors of "The Argus."] she answered. "Now begin, before my courage leaves me." "Good," he said "Seat yourself there upon the mound, resting your head against the stone." She obeyed, and taking thongs of hide which he had ready, Hokosa bound her wrists and ankles, as these people bind the wrists and ankles of a corpse. Then he knelt before her, staring into her face with his solemn eyes and muttering: "Obey and sleep." Presently her limbs relaxed, and her head fell forward. "Do you sleep?" he asked. "I sleep. Whither shall I go? It is the true sleep-test me." "Pass to the house of the white man, my rival. Are you there?" "I am there." "What does he?" ?He lies in slumber on his bed, and in his slumber he mutters the name of a woman, and tells her that he loves her, but that duty is more than love. Oh! call me back, I cannot stay; a presence guards him, and pushes me thence." "Return," said Hokosa starting. "Pass through the earth beneath you and tell me what you see." "I see the body of the King, but were it not for his royal ornaments none would know him now." "Return," said Hokosa, "and let the eyes of your spirit be open. Look around you and tell me what you see." "I see the shadows of the dead," she answered: "they stand about you, gazing at you with angry eyes, but when they come near you, something drives them back and I cannot understand what it is they say." "Is the ghost of Umsuka among them?" "It is among them." "Bid him prophesy the future to me." "I have bidden him, but he docs not answer. If you would hear him speak, it must be through the lips of my body and first my body must be emptied of my spirit, that his may find a place therein." "Say, can his spirit be compelled?" "It can be compelled, or that part of it that still hovers near this spot, if you dare to speak the words you know. But first a house must be made ready for it. Then the words must be spoken, and all must be done before a man can count three hun dred, for should the blood begin to clot about my heart, it will be still for ever." "Hearken," said Hokosa. "When the medicine that I shall give you does its work, and the spirit is loosened from your body, let it not go far, whatever tempts or threatens it, and suffer not that the death cord be severed, lest flesh and spirit be parted forever." "I hear and I obey. Be swift, for I grow weary." Then Hokosa took from his pouch two medicines: one a paste in a box, the other a fluid in a gourd. Taking of the paste, he knelt upon the grave before the entranced woman and swiftly smeared it upon the mucous membrane of the mouth and throat. Also he thrust pellets of it into the ears, the nostrils and the corners of the eyes. The effect was almost instantaneous. A change came over the girl's lovely face, the last awful change of death. Her cheeks fell in, her chin dropped, her eyes opened, and her flesh quivered convulsively. The wizard saw it all by the bright moonlight; then he took up his part in this unholy drama. What it was that he did cannot be de cribed, because it is indescribable. The Witch of Endor repeated no formula, but she raised the dead; and so did Hokosa the wizard. He buried his face in the grey dust of the grave, he blew with his lips into the dust, he clutched at the dust with his hands, and when he raised his face again, Lo! it was grey like the dust. Then began the marvel; for, though the woman before him remained a corpse, from the lips of the corpse a voice issued, and its sound was horrible, for the accent and tone of it were masculine, and the instrument through wiich it spoke - Noma's throat - was feminine, yet it could be recognised as the voice of Umsuka the dead King. "Why have you summoned me from my rest, Hokosa?" hissed the voice from the lips of the huddled corpse. "Because I would learn the future, Spirit of the King," answered the wizard boldly, but saluting as he spoke. "You're dead, and to your sight all the Gates are opened. By the power that I have, I command you to show me what you see therin concern ing myself, and to point out to me the path that I should follow to attain my ends and the ends of her in whose breast you dwell." At once the answer came, always in the same horrible voice: "Hearken to your fate for this world, Hokosa the wizard. You shall triumph over your rival, white man, the Mes senger; and by your hand he shall perish, passing to his appointed place. By that to which you cling you shall be betrayed, ay! you shall lose that which you love and fol low after that which you do not desire. In the grave of error youou shall find truth, from the deeps of sin you shall pluck righteousness. When these words fall upon your ears again, then, Wizard, take them for a sign, and let your heart be turned. That which you deem accursed shall lift you up on high. High shall you be set above the nation and its King, and from age to age the voice of the people shall praise you. Yet in the end comes judg ment; and there shall the sin and the atonement strive together, and in that hour, Wizard, you shall -" thus the voice spoke, strongly at first, but growing ever more feeble as the sparks of life departed from the body of the woman, till at length it ceased alto gether. "What shall chance to me in that hour?" Hokosa asked eagerly, placing his ear against Noma's lips. No answer came, and the wizard knew that if he would drag his wife luck from the door of death he must delay no longer. Dashing the sweat from his eyes with one hand, with the other he seized the gourd of fluid that he had placed ready, and thrusting back her head, he poured of its contents down her throat and waited a while. She did not move. In an extremity of terror he snatched a knife and with a single cut severed a vein in her arm, then taking some of the fluid that remained in the gourd in his hand, he rubbed it roughly upon her brow and throat and heart. Now her fingers stirred, and now, with horrible contortions and every symptom of agony, life returned to her; the blood flowed from her wounded arm, slowly at first, then more fast, and lifting her head she spoke. "Take me hence," she cried, "or I shall go mad; for I have seen and heard things too terrible to be spoken!" "What have you seen and heard?" he asked, while he cut the thongs which bound her wrists and feet,. "I do not know," she answered, weeping; "the vision of them passes from me; but all the distances of death were open to my sight; yes, I travelled through the distances of death. In them I met who was the King, and he lay cold within me, speaking to my heart; and as he passed from me he looked upon the child that I shall bear and cursed it, and accursed it shall be. Take me hence, O you most evil man for of your wizarries I have had enough, and from, this day forth I am haunted!" "Have no fear," answered Hokosa, "you have made the joruney whence but few return; and yet, us I promised you, you have returned to wear the greatness you desire and that I sent your forth to win; for hence forth we shall be great. Look, the dawn is breaking-the dawn of life and the dawn of power-and the mists of death and of disgrace roll back before us. Now the path is clear, the dead have shown it to me, and of wizardry I shall need no more." "Ay," answered Noma, "but night fol lows dawn as the dawn follows night; and through the darkness and the daylight, I tell you, Wizard, henceforth I am haunted! Also, be not so sure, for though I know not what the dead have spoken to you, yet it lingers on my mind that their words have many meanings. Nay, speak to me no more, but let us fly from this dread home of ghosts, this habitation of the spirit-folk that we have violated." So the wizard and his wife crept from that solemn place and saw the dawn-beams lighting upon the white cross that was reared in the Plain of Fire. CHAPTER XII. THE MESSAGE OF HOKOSA. The weeks went by, and Hokosa sat in his kraal weaving a great plot. None suspected him any more, for though be did not belong to it he was heard to speak well of the new faith, and to acknowledge that the god of Fire which he had worshipped was a false god. He was humble also towalds the King, but he craved to withdraw himself from all matters of the State, saying that now he had but one desire-to tend his herds and garden, and to grow old in peace with the new wife whom he had chosen, and whom he loved. Owen, too, he greeted courteously when he met him, sending him gifts of corn and cattle for the service of his Church. Moreover, when a messenger came from Hafela, making proposals to him, he drove him away, and laid the matter before the Council of the King. Yet that messenger, who was hunted from the kraal, took back a secret word for Hafela's ear. "It is not always winter," was the word, "and it may chance that in the springtime you shall hear from me." And again, "Say to the Prince Hafela, that though my face towards him is like a stone, yet behind the clouds the sun shines ever." At length there came a day when Noma, his wife, was brought to bed. Hokosa, her husband, tended her alone, and when the child was born he groaned aloud, and would not suffer her to look on it. Yet, lifting herself she saw. "Did I not tell you it was accursed?" she wailed. "Take it away!" and she sank back in a swoon. So he took the child and buried it deep in the cattle yard by night. After this it came about that Noma, who, though her mind owned the sway of his, had never loved him over much, hated her husband Hokosa, and yet he had this power over her that she could not leave him. But he loved her more and more, and she had this power over him that she could always draw him to her. Great as her beauty had ever been, after the birth of the child it grew greater day by day, but it was an evil beauty, the beauty of a witch, and this fate fell upon her, that she feared the dark, and would never be alone after the sun had set. When she was recovered from her sickness, Noma sat one night in her hut, and Hokosa sat there also watching hei. The evening was warm, but a bright fire burned in the hut, and she crouched upon a stool by the fire, glancing continu ally over her shoulder. "Why do you bide by the fire, seeing that it is so hot, Noma?" he asked. "Because I fear to be away from the light," she answered, adding, "Oh, accursed man! for your own ends you have caused me to be bewitched, ay! and that which was born of me also, and bewitched I am by those shadows which you bade me seek, and which now will never leave me. Nor is this all. You swore to me that if I would do your will I should become great, ay, and you took me from one who would have made me great, and whom I should have pushed on vitory. But now it seems that for nothing I made that awful voyage into the deeps of death; and for nothing, yet living, am I become the sport of those that dwell there. How am I greater than I was, who am but the second wife of a fallen witch doctor, who sits in the sun day by day, while age gathers on his head like frost upon a bush? Where are all your high schemes now? Where is the fruit of wisdom that I gathered for you? Answer, Wizard, whom I have learned to hate, but from whom I cannot escape!" "Truly," said Hokosa in a bitter voice, "for all my sins against them the Heavens have laid a heavy fate upon my head, that thus with flesh and spirit I should worship a woman who loathes me. One comfort only is left to me, that you dare not take my life, and that what I bid you that you must do. Ay, you fear the dark, Noma; yet did I command you to arise and go stand alone through the long night yonder in the burying-place of kings, why, you must do it. Come, I command you-go!" "Nay,Nay!" she wailed in an extremity of terror, and yet she rose and went to wards the door sideways, for her hands where outstretched in supplication to him. "Come back," he said, "and listen: If a hunter has nurtured up a fierce dog, where with alone he can gain his livelihood, he tries to tame that dog by love, does he not? And if it will not become gentle, then, it being necessary to him, he tames it by fear. I am the hunter and, Noma, you are the hound; and since this curse is on me that I cannot live without you, why I must master you as best I may. Yet, believe me, I would not cause you fear or pain, and it saddens me that you should be haunted by these sick fancies, for they are nothing more. I have seen such cases before to day, and I have noted that they can be cured by mixing with fresh faces and travel ling in new countries. Noma, I think it would be well that, after your late sickness, according to the custom of the women of our people, you should part from me a while, and go upon a journey of purifica tion." "Whither shall I go and who will go with me?" she asked, sullenly. "I will find you companions, women dis creet and skilled. And as to where you shall go, I will tell you. You shall go upon an embassy to the Prince Hafela." "Are you not afraid that I should stop there?" she asked again, with a flash of her eyes. "It is true that I never learned all the story, yet I thought that the prince was not so glad to hand me back to you as you would have had me to believe. The price you paid for me must have been good, Hokosa, and mayhap it had to do with the death of a king." "I am not afraid," he answered, setting his teeth, "because I know that whatever your heart my desire my will follows you, and while I live that is a cord you cannot break unless I choose to loose it, Noma. I command you to be faithful to me and to return to me, and these commands you must obey. Hearken: you taunted me just now, saying that I sat like a dotard in the sun and advanced you nothing. Well, I will advance you, for both our sakes, but mostly for your own, since you desire it, and it must be done through the Prince Hafela. I cannot leave this kraal, for day and night I am watched, and before I had gone an hour's journey I should be seized; also here I have work to do. But the Place of Purification is secret, and when you reach it you need not bide there, you can travel on into the mountains till you come to the town of the Prince Hafela. He will receive you gladly, and you shall whisper this message in his ear: 'These are the words of Hokosa, my husband, which he has set in my mouth to deliver to you, O Prince. Be guided by them and grow great; reject them and die a wanderer, a little man of no account. But first, this is the price that you shall swear by the sacred oath to pay to Hokosa, if his wisdom finds favour in your sight and through it you come to victory. That after you, the King, he, Hokosa, shall be the first man in the land, the general of the armies, the captain of the council, the head of the doctors, and that to him shall be given half of the cattle of Nodwengo, who now is king. Also to him shall be given power to stamp out the new faith which overruns the land like a foreign weed, and to deal as he thinks fit with those who cling to it.' "Now, Norna, when he has sworn this oath in your ear, calling down ruin upon his own head, should he break one word of it, and not before, you shall continue the message thus: 'These are the words that Hokosa set in my mouth: Know, O Prince, that the King, your brother, grows very strong, for he is a great soldier, who learned his art in bygone wars; also the white an that is named Messenger has taught him many things as to the building of forts and walls and the drilling and dis cipline of men. So strong is hie that you can scarcely hope to conquer him in open war-yet snakes may crawl where men can not walk. Therefore, Prince, let your part be that of a snake. do you send an em bassy to the King, your brother, and say to him: "My brother, you have been preferred before me and set up to be king in my place,a nd because of this my heart is bitter, so bitter that I have gathered my strength to make war upon you. Yet, at the last, I have taken anouther counsel, bethinking me that, if we fight, in the end it may chance that neither of us will be left alive to rule, and that the people also will be brought to nothing. To the north there lies a good country and a wide, where but few men live, and thither I would go, setting the mountains and the river between us; for there, far beyond your borders, I also can be king. Now, to reach this country, I must travel by the pass that is not far from your Great Place, and I pray you that you will not attack my impis or the women and children that I shall send and a guard before them, to await me in the plain beyond the mountains, seeing that these can only journey slowly. Let us pass by in peace, my brother, for so shall our quarrel be ended; but if you do so much as lift a single spear against me, then I will give you battle, setting my fortune against your fortune and my god against your God!" "Such are the wotds that the embassy shall deliver into the ears of the King, Nod wengo, and it shall come about that when he hears them, Nodwengo, whose heart is gentle and who seeks not war, shall answer softly, saying: "Go in peace, my brother, and live in peace in that land which you would win." Then shall you, Hafela, send on the most of your cattle and the women and children through the pass in the moun tains, bidding them to await you in the plain, and after a while you shall follow them with your impis. But these shall not travel in war-array, for carriers shall bear their fighting shields in bundles and their stabbing spears shall be rolled up in mats. Now, on the sixth day of your journey you shall camp at the mouth of the pass which the cattle and the women have already travelled, and his outposts and spies shall bring it to the ears of the King that your force is sleeping there, purposing to clilmb the pass on the morrow. But on that night, so soon as the darkness falls, you shall rise up with your captains and your regiments, leaving your fires burning and men about your fires, and shall travel very swiftly across the valley, so that an hour before the dawn you reach the second range of mountains, and pass it by the gorge, which is the burying-place of the kings. Here you shall light a fire, which those who watch will believe to be but the fire of a herdsman who is acold. But I, Hokosa, also shall be watching, and when I see that fiare I will creep, with some whom I can trust, to the little northern gate of the outer wall, and we will spear those that guard it, and open the gate, that your army may pass through it. Then before the regi ments can stand to their arms, or those within it are awakened, you shall storm the inner walls and by the light of the burning huts shall put the dwellers in the Great Place to the spear, and the rayss of the rising sun shall crown you king. " 'follow this counsel of mine, O Prince Hafela, and all shall go wel with you. Neglect it and be lost. There is but one thing which you need but fear-it is the magic of the Messenger, to whom it is given to read the secret thoughts of men. But of him taake no account, for he is my charge, and before you ever set a foot within the Great Place he shall have taken his answer back to Him Who sent him.,' " Hokosa finished speaking. "Have you heard?" he said to Noma. "I have heard." "Then speak the message." She repeated it word for word, making no fault. "Have no fear," she added, "I shall forget nothing when I stand before the prince." "You are a woman, but your counsel is good. What think you of the plan, Noma?" "It is deep and well laid," she answered, "and surely it would suceed wiere it not for one thing. The white man, Messenger, will be too clever for you, for, as you say, he is a reader of the thoughts of men." "Can the dead read men's thoughts, of if they can, do they cry them on the market place or into the ears of kings?" asked Hokosa. "Have I not told you that before I see the signal fire yonder the Messenger shall sleep sound? I have a medicine, Noma, a slow medicine that none can trace." "the Messenger may sleep sound, Hokosa, and yet, perchance, he may pass on his mes sage to another, and with it his magic. Who can say? Still, strike on for power and greatness and revenge, letting the blow fall where it will." (To be continued next saturday. Commenced on July 11.) 