HERE AND THERE. Several of the Randwick jookeya spend their spare time riding bikes. The officers of the Mounted Brigade were entertained at Government House last even ing. The Full Court will to-morrow hear counsel on behalf of Mr. R. D. Meagher, who has been called upon to show cause. The cost of tho Statute Law Consolidation Commission has so far been about .£5000. Work done — next to nothing. Tho Postmaster-General say; the watohword of the Ministry is ' Devotion,' but he does not mention to whom, or what. It is probable that a matoh between the Australian Eleven and the Rest of Australia will take place in Sydney in November. A female Oddfellows' Lodge, Manchester Unity, has been opened at Lannceston under the name of the Loyal Maids of Cornwall. Clement Hill has batted eight times in Eng land, and hie lowest score is 12. So far he is one of the bright particular successes of the team. A man has been fined at Port Melbourne for desecrating the Sunday by drying skins, which he said would have been spoilt had he waited until Monday. Mr. W. J. Lyne, leader of the Opposition, left by the express on Friday evening for Deniliquin and Jloama, where he is due to deliver political addresses. 'I am charged with messages of remem brance to lots of people, but Lord Jersey said that lie could not send regards to all his friends, as ho would have to mention all the people of New South Wales by name if he did so.' — Mr. Septimus Stephen. Mr. H. C. Russell's weathor forecast : — During Sunday and Monday light variable winds, with fine weather generally. Weather is unsettled off Eden, and fresh westerly winds may be expected there. The Czar says he has boen profoundly moved by the good feeling shown at the coronation ceremony. He will be luokier than his predecessors if he be not moved with a sudden jerk before his reign is over. 'We must fence these people out — wo must, roally !' — Comment of ' one of the nicest ' on the crowd at Centennial Park on Thursday. Quite a humorous idea, to fonca the people out of their own park. The most extraordinary costume ever seen on a lady cyclist appeared in Hyde Park, London, the other day. A widow's bonnet and crape-oovered coat waB worn with black satin knickerbockers, and no oYerakirt. Magistrate Giles says he has ' been there ' in his time, and knows what young blood is, especially after a good dinner. One can picture him sintring Godfrey's song, ' Oh ! What a Time, What a Time That W as.' The University and Wallaroo football clubs have played many memorable games, but yesterday's was about the hottest encounter they have over had. It was drawn — 11 points each. People who do not hold lightly the honor of the community should make a most emphatic protest against the Works inquiry being con ducted with closed doors. Judge Murray's excuse for secresy is a particularly weak one in view of what is done in tho Law Courts. Up to and including the first innings against Lancashire the Australian Eleven averaged with the bat nearly twice as many runs as their opponents. They made 2017 runs for 69 wickets, average 29'2 ; their opponents scored 1398 for 89 wiokots, average 15-7. A new use is reported to have been dis covered for hops, namely, the curing of bacon. It is found that a sprinkling of hops in the brine when bacon and hams aro put in piokle adds greatly to the flavor of both, and enableB them to he kept an indefinite period. The City Mission stands in need of assis tance iu order to cope with distress during the winter. It is a worthy institution, introducing sunshine to many a gloomy home and hopeless family. Subscriptions forwarded to us to help the work of the Mission will be acknow ledged. A new halfpenny morning paper has been established in Loudon with a capital of .£100,000. It is the property of Harmsworth, of Answers. Newnes, of Tit-Bits, has just started a morning paper, The Daily Couriee, of which over a quarter of a million copies wero sold on the first day of issue. Tho Lords of the Admiralty have decided that three engineer studentships iu Her Majesty's dockyard at Devonport to learn naval construction will be given annually ' to sons of gentlemen in tho colonies on tho recommendation of the Secretary of State for the Colonies,' provided they pass the required examination. The evidence in the Police Court case, in which constablos appeared against a solicitor charged with riotous behaviour, was so com pletely contradictory that it is impossible to do more than conjecture who was in the right. ' Kissing tho book' evidently had no effect on some of tho witnesses. The doings of a Chinese firm of cabinet makers is being investigated in the Insolvency Court, Melbourne. It was carried on as ' Suey, Cheong, Loong and Co.' which was said to bean equivalent of ' marvellous, great prosperity.' An agreement appointed a manager, and concluded, ' If the business fails it is tho will of God, for which he is blameless.' The New Zealand Department of Agricul ture has adopted a number of new regulations in regard to the importation of stock and the prevention of the spread of animal disease. Among the new proposals is ono that tbe owner or manager of a bone-mill shall make a declaration that the blood or bones com posing artificial manuro intended for ship ment to New Zealand have been subjected to a specified degreo of heat. Hides, it is also provided, will not bo allowed to be landed unless they aro from cattle slaughtered for human consumption. Tho funny story of tho week comes from Adelaide : — ' On the night of May 6 Thomas Meddal was on his way home when he noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wesleyau Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, ' Thomas Meddal, I claim you.' He answered, ' Take me, then,' and struok it with a stick whioh he oarried. The ghost 'closed* with him, and in the scuffle the sheet was disarranged, and Meddal identified Rudd. Mr. Rudd had to pay J24 5s for his joke at the Police Court. Wero all 'ghosts' dealt with iu this fashion there would be fower seen.' To cross from pavement to pavement at the intersection of Liverpool, Oxford and Collego streets, or at the crossing of Bourke, Oxford and Flinders streets, is a most dangerous operation. There are a large number of dog and spring-carts in the city, whose drivers, in tho absence of police or transit officers, seem to take a delight in trying to run over people. Thoy come round the corners at full speed and without warning, aud if it is a woman who has to be dragged out of their way they add insult to injury by using obsoone and abusive language. For the safety of pedestrians, vehicles of ?all descriptions should have the name and address of the owner painted on the side and back, so that law-breaking drivers could be traced and punished* Which reminds tho writer that about eleven years ago a similar state of affairs existed in Chicago, 111., U.S. . Every day someone was knocked down and injured, or killed, the drivers always making off at full speed to avoid recognition, and the law seemed power less. Ono day, just as Attorney Digby was crossing Lake Avenue, a sulky came round the cornor at full speed. Digby was right in the track, but dartod out, and the wheel shaved him. Tho driver hurled a curse at him, and Digby returned tho compliment by gracefully pitching two revolver bullets into the horse, fetching him down and nearly killing tho driver. Tho idea ' cottoned on,' and for the next week every street in Chicago had its test matoh of Bhooting-irons versus horseflesh. Anyhow, when the writer left Chicago they didn't drive rottnd tho corners at full swing, but generally sent a small boy ahead to see i£ the ootsst was clear. 