wmmmsmmcrm ^Bllwpoa, *$$r3$itim yrt ';? thf Wf Iter «t Wftrwjck armf1si«1iipdjer1»^iwnrra.11 .j i.lJ^e^WarwSey yirra Btioeclub's idea to gire two £160 prise* ou Saturday, proved a Buc^ss..'''.^ ???'??? ' ? ? '' ?-. ..,' The Sardonyx pony^Silver Ilill, realised 250 guineas at auction last week. . I'he smart young cyclist, Crisp, won tlic championship of Tasmania last week. '???B.'-. Australia!' are anxious lo play Jack Ferris in their lutercolonial matches with' Victoria and .New South WuIob. -3«orge Giffen, playing for Adelaide ou Saturday, made 125, and his side h-\d lost six wickets for 474 at the call of time. A ' fourteenth' man is to go to EugUnd. The choice now rests banvpel W. Lyons and and A. £» Trotl, with odds on tho former. Amiable, the winuer 'of the Why Handi cap on Saturday, is a fine black tilly which should make % name for herself on the turf. The pony Scotch Lassie wou The V/here fora Handicap handsomely. Pharainoiid was sgain nnfortnnato and couH only win second money;' Foliage -is feeing tacked for The TSew market. The early punter generally likes something green to start upon. Ten snakes havo been killed on tlio Rand wick Racecourse enclosure this season. Visi tors to theiFlat should keep their eyes open. Giffen did not dare to mention brother Walters' name for Tlio Ninth Australian team. Aud that little lesson to Sydney Gregory should bear good fruit. ' Racing in the Newcastle and Northern districts ib very much 'ofl,' and postpone ments, owing to poor support, hare to be chronicled. The N.S.W. Cricket Association are doing their utmost to arrange a match between the chosen team for England and the. next best team. ._ The match .will probably take place in Sydney about the middle of ni?xt month. Stromboli, -the thorougUbred, mturncd from San Francisco by the America!) R.M.S. Alamoda.- Ho looks remarkably woll after a pleasant passage. \- Warwick Form B.O. held a very success ful meeting on Saturday. TJmy gave £450 in stakes, tho only blot on the projronjine being tl-e farcical event yclept the Auction Stakes. Tlie individual merits os the thirteen men chosen by Messrs. Giffen. Gurrett and Brace, were approved of by the whole of thu A-J6- Tralastau. Cricket Oour.cil, except Messrs. Budd and Waino. The Welter at Warwick Farm was looked upon by Ibe followers of tlie Kelso crowd, as the nest of good things for Wailnne. Thu ccntrnctora and their counection had to ' weigh in' at the settling for the good. They never appoared to have a ghost of a chance at any part of the race. Martin, the American cyclist, will have a husy time in March. A match is being arrangf.'d with. Mystery the trotting mart, and both ParaoiiB and Lewis iiavo taker; up hia challenge to race' onyone in Analralin. Martin is .now touring New Zealand on racing bont. Ho wou £96 before leaving Victoria. ? According to paper idea^, Auraria. and Wallace aro thn only pair with dinners of winning the Cfa.nnpiou Stakes. T'.iR former is doing strong long work but pulls up eo:p. Wallace is reported as in grand nick. Still (hey may both go undur to such confirmed stayers as Quiver or Preston. M. B. Scharpe won the League of Vic torian Wheelman's Cup of £100 on Snturdny, Megson annexed the quarter milu scratch race tn 31 and 4-6th seconds, proving his re turn to form.* The ten mile championship of Victoria, was won by M. J. McLean after a grand tussle with the Italian Pot-in. L'.^vis was third and Parsons and Fitzgerald full. Melbourne bos done marvellous tbingij in batting during the last week or two. On Saturday week in important pennant matches ten Scores of over a hundred vf.ru dotted tip, but thlB was put up in the shade, on Si;tui'.l;iy last. Oarlton, against the University iinisiifu the Australian record innings of 0'2-i, of which 3. Worrall contributed 410 not out— another- Australian record. The ririrviouii tunings record was- 828, made by the Mel bourne Club. The previous batsman's record was Clem Hills' 36U Melbourne Olub play ing against St. Kilda, raised their scoro to $83, and East Melbourne against Richmond made 876. ^ ? 