& GREAT 1R0M&; OR, THE MYSTERY QE BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHATTER XVIII.— Comiioted. ' " Well, Donald, what news do you bring ?" questioned Dootor Nugent from tho little table where ho was busily engaged prepaying powders fcr Ambrooo, who lay in tho ad- — joining chamber, not dead, but utterly un conscious. Donald sat down, and began to rub his horny hands above tho blazing hearth. "Bad enough news, doctor," he replied. 11 They couldn't find the lass, Isabel, and tho quire died yesternigbtrjust after the dark." " Gone Is he ? Well, I knew he'd never rally again, when I left tho house," the doc tor answered. " Lord bless us, Donnld, what power of mischief these fair-faced, rattlo- brained girls bring about I" "Ay, ay,' sir I" responded Donald, hear tily. " If that girl bad remained at home, in stead of running off to her iruin, poor Mel- Tille would be alive to-day." " And to think of Ambrose, my poor, hand some lad," the mother .began to whimper, " as might have been her husband this morning — " , " Hush !" interrupted Donald, sternly. " D'ye want aunh a rash girl for the. lad's wife, dame? Better for him' to bo lying as he is than yoked to the tikes of her. Do you think the lad'll get ovor it, doctor ?" tho father continued, his voice unsteady, " Certainly he will. Who ever heard of a broken arm, and a cracked cranium, and a cracked cranium, and a stab or two, killing n big sis- footer like Ambrose ? He'll rouse up after a bit. Now, I'djgivea pretty penny to get at the bottom of this mystery. What could have been going on at the old manor 1 And what took Ambrose there that night ?" Donald shook his head, and his wifo whig- cored in nn awed voice : "The manor's haunted, doctor, and it wore all alight the night o' Ambroso's wed ding. The murdered lady comes back — " " Pooh 1 pooh 1 you silly woman ! There was something besides ghosts at the manor ; ft took flesh and blood to give the lad tbcm ugly holes in his side. How did the old place look this morning, Donald— was all quiet 1" ' " All quiet, sir," replied tho seaman, ad ding, in a sort of awed whiBper, " but the dog's there yot." The dootor wheeled in his chnir. " There yet 1 Well,.|aow, Donald, that's confounded strange I What can keep the beast up there ?" Donald shook hlB head again, with grave solemnity. "That I can't say, doctor," ho replied. '< but there he is, and there ho'il stay, inspite of you. Didn't we fetch him homo yestcr day, and back he went like a flash I lie was on the torraco as I camo by, and when called to him he gave a ory that was human. He's found something, doctor — there's no mis- tako about that I" " Found what, man ? Wasn't tho old Vhouso searched yesterday f I was over there myself. It was as empty as a drum ; not evon a stray ghost in sight." 'So they told me; but the dog found tomething all the same. I have every -confi. dence in that dog. Somewhere, in thntoid house, there's a human creaturo hiu, I'm sure of it." I "Father?" I It was tho voice of Ambrose thai, called. IDonnld leaped to bis feet as if n bullet had struck him, and mnde for tka adjoining room, followed by the doctor and bis wife. . Ambroso was sitting, up in bed, a look of eager intelligence on his white, haggard face. " What was that you wore saying about the dog, father?" he asked, as Donald reached him, "Is he watching at the old manor ?" "That's it, tad," replied the father, lay ing his band upon his head, while hiB rugged frame shook with repressed omotion ; ' the dog's up there. But my son, I am glad to see you getting belter." The mother fell un her knees bytnebed, and began to weep noisily, while the dootor prooeeded to mis a composing draught with all possible speed. " Yes, father, I'm getting better," Ambrose continued. " How long hove I been Bick ? How did I get homo ? I can't quite remem ber." "We found you up there, dead, as wis thought, and fetohed you home, my lad," sobbed Donald. "Yes, yes— you found mo at the manor, you mean. There, father, pray don't worry, father, I'm all right. How long since you found me—" " 'Twos yester morn, Ambrose— Wednes day morn." " And this is Thursday ? Yes ; and the dog's thore yet ?" " There yet, Ambrose." / "Here, you drink this, young man," inter posed Doctor Nugent, proferrlng his draught, " and lie back upon your pillowB, and keep yourbody quiet, and your tongue, too I" Ambroso swallowed the draught, but did not follow tho littio doctor's advice. " Doctor, am I much hurt ?" he asked. " Well, quite seriously ; but I'll have you on your feet in a fortnight—" < " Nonsense I I must go out to-day, at once I" The doctor only laughed. "Father," said tho young man, turning hiB haggard fnce toward Donald, "get out the sleigh and harness Black Bess. I muBt go up to the Haunted Manor, at once," . The fathor Bhook his head disapprov- ingly. "I must go," Ambrose continued "to satisfy my'own.eyes — to see what tho dog has found. There was n woman there," his white faoe flushing swiftly. "I heard her. She may . bo there now, father. I must go and see I Will you go with mo ?" " A woman 1" shrieks tho dame, wringing her hands. " He's seen the murdered lady's ghost. Oh, my poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful place on his wedding night, aud cheated of his bonny bride." "Silence I" commands tho doctor, sternly. " Not a word more, if you value his life. Youug man," ho continues, " if you're not a lunatio, you won'ttalk of leaving your bed in a week, muoh less leaving tho houso. The ' haunted manor was searched yesterday by the proper authorities, and not a soul found. Doubtless you woro deoyed into a trap of some sort." " Spare your words, doctor, pleaBO," smiles tho young patient, » and mix rao a strength- enlng draught like an obliging fellow. Here mother, help mo into my clothes ; and, father, hurry with the sleigh, will you ? Gracious heavens, "ho goes on, leaping sud denly out of bed, and standing tall and reso lute and haggard in their midst; "a day and a night I've beon lying here already, and she may be dead or dying I For moroy's sake, father, be quick," " Do the best you can for him, doctor," whiepors Donald, as ho goes out to harness Black Bess, " There is not a bit of use op posing him ; he'll go, if he crawls on his bands and knees." " More fool ho," growls the dootor, pro- ceeding to prepare the draught. " I washmy hands of the whole business. Nevertheless, being a humane and obliging ' man at heart ; when he finds that his pa tient really will go, Dootor Nugent accom panies him. ' "'lis a judgment sent upon mo and him for the wickedness (I've done," moans the .wife of Donald, standing in the cottage door, as Black Bess starts oil, all her silver bells ringing a merry poak "Look at him now, my handsome lad, that I thought to see lsa- , bet's husband, well nigh murdered, and his ' ' brain crazed, and it the work of them wioked . : souls as haunt the old manor! 'Tis a judg- : meat on me ; but I can't tell. I can't break ' Donald's heart, and he a happy man so many ..years. I've kept the secret so far, and I'll : carry it to my grave." 1 ."Look I- them's the dog on the terrace \ stops,'.' cries Donald as- they reach the main 1 — , Ambrose leans forward and watches the animal as he comes flying down to meet thom. " What is it, my good dog?" bio calls. At sound of bis master's voice the dog goes into ecstasies, leaping upon tho seat, and licking the young mnn's hands, then with a wild, peculiar cry he is off again in the di rection of the manor. " We must follow him, father," Bays Am brose, quietly. " Give mo your hand I'm very stiff and sore." " You'll find yoursolf worio than stiff, boy, to-morrow," grumbles the dootor, aB Donald assists bis son ; " and no one to blame but yourself." Ambroso only smiles in his quiet, reso lute way, and, fastening Blaok Bess to a post, the three go on abroost, following tho dog's lead, As they reach the terrace tho littio doctor looks up with some awe at the gray front of the silent bouse. He does not relish the undertaking at all, though ha feels none of tho superstitious dread that ourdles Donald's blood. " We shall find ourselves in a nest of thieves or counterfeiters, nnd get our heads Bmashod for our rashness," ho mutters. But Ambroso takes no heed, and they go on. Straight into tho manor, down the the dim, resounding hall, and up the dusty stairs tho dog leads, leaping on with wild, frantic barks that seem fraught with human ontrcaty. The old houso is as silent as a tomb, as eold nnd as cheerless undor ito winding sheet of snow. Not a sound greets them, not oven a stray mouso crosses their way. Dp the silent stairs, on nnd on down the dreary length of the long corridor, until they reach the old librury-room, which opeuB into tho blaok draped ante-chamber. Ambroso follows the dog with steady resolute steps, though his fnoo is awfully whito and his breathing shnrp and abort, nnd his father and the dootor follow him. In the library, where tho dust-lndon floor ib stained hero nnd there with drops of blood, the dog pauses, with a long, wild cry, then he leaps into tho ante-room nnd disap- peare. ' " The three men follow him breathlessly, and find him under the tattered black arras, scratching at tho solid oaken panels. "What is it, my good dog?" cries Ambrose, tenring away the somber drapery, his face flushing with eager excitement. The poor dumb creature tries bard to toll. He leaps to his master and caresses him, nnd then throws himself against the panels, uttering plaintivo cries. " There's some orenturo hid about hero," remarks Donald, "Ay, father," Ambrose answers, "that there is. Here, my good dog, where is he? Show me where." The dog throws himself against the central panel with wild force and frantic cries. « The dog's mad," growls Doctor Nugent ; " and you are as white as a ghost, Ambrose. Oome away, Donald ; we've had enough of this folly." "Go if you like, doctor," Ambrose answers, curtly. "I shall remain. Father, can there be a soeret passage anywhere hero, think you ? Some of these old bordor dwellings had them, you know." "I never heard of one in this house," Donald replies, tapping on the oaken boards. "Thon, what does the dog mean, father?" b ' Donnld shakes his bead, in dire per plexity. Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine tho panels, every craok,'and joint, and crevice; hut to no purpose. His broken arm and wounded limbs pain him terribly, and he begins to grow sick nnd dizzy ; but some strange feeling within him, prompts him to stay. "I wish we had an axe," Ambrose says ; "I'd burst these panels in. There must bo something behind them. Suppose you let mo rest a bit, father, and you drive over to Do- tham's and get an axe I Dotbam will come with you, too, and he's a stout follow. I wish you would, father I" Doctor Nugent gives utterance to an ex clamation, that we will refrain from record ing, and stalks out of tho black curtained ante-room, in high indignation ; but Donald, who has indulged and obeyed his handsome son all hiB life long, answers hesi tatingly : - , " If I thought you eould bear it, Ambrose; but you look so whito and ill — " " I can bear it, father — my will always was the strongest part of me," the young man cries. " Keep mo in suspense and doubt, and I'll go into a brain fevor before midnight. I must get at tho bottom of this— you'll go, father, to oblige mo ?" Donald turns to go, but he iB barely out of the room when a sharp exclamation from his son causes him to hurry back. " Good heavens, father 1 look hero I" the young man crleB, his fingers on a tiny steel spark imbedded in thu solid oak. " Oan this thing bo a secret spring?" As he speaks he presses on the shining point with all the might that oxcltemont bos lent him ; and lo I with a sharp click the spring moves, and the oaken panel slides aside, revealing a yawning aperture, which looks to the amazed eyes of Donald like the mouth of the bottomless pit. The dog leaps upon his master with frantic cries of joy. Ambrose strokes bis head, but it Is a full minute before he can speak, so great is his oxcitomont. ' You aro right, my bravo dog,"|ho gasps at last ; " you haven't led us here for nothing 1 Heavens, how black it Is below there) Shout, father; perhaps some one will auswer. Icau't command my voice yet." Donald drew near the aperture, hiB face white aud awed, hiB knees shaking under him. "Halloo 1 Who's below there?" he shouted, lustily. A minute of breathless silence, and thou, from some subterranean depths below, camo a feeble voice in answor. Ambrose leaped to his feet with a cry of triumph. " Father, did you bear it ? A human voice — a woman's voice. It is she. For Heaven's sake, let me go down quick. Only think, she has been down there a day and a night. Let mo go I" "Ambrose, are you mad?" cried his father, attempting to hold him back. But the young man half beside himself in his eagerness and excitement, eluded his grasp, and leaped through the aperture, into what helfancied to be n sort of passage that would le'ad him to a dseoending stair way. But tho inBtant his feet touohed tho dusty flooring beyond, there was a sort of rasping Bound, and swift as thought, as If by the working of some unoarthly magic, tho solid foundations gave way beneath him, and the trap-door, on which he stood, shot rapidly downward, hurling him hcadltng into tho black pit below. CHAPTER XIX. EirilH FELLOWSHIP BEOBTS LOVE. The Highland storms had blown them selves out ; and on tho hills where the snows were melting, and in sheltered - moorland nooks, where the fitful sunshino fell, the tender green of springing grosses could be seen. In the old cottage-home, with the bleat ing lambs and the kids about its doors, Am brose Gerhart still lay, weak and powerless ob a babe. Very near unto death had he been— so near, that those who' loved him best, had kissed hie white lips, as they believed, for tho last timo, and shed tears of bitter agony ovor his unconscious head. Yet he still lived, and the early , spring sunshino, streaming through tho o -moment fell tenderly on his worn faoe and clusterino : hair. Whether the gonial influence of the yellow sunbeams, or something moro subtle, penetrated his stunned bouscs, wo know not- i but his eyes slowly oponed, and wandered i from oae'oOjeet to another, with a sort oi qkildish ..wistfulnoM resting at last un.out face of the woman who sat" watching" beside - his pillow. ' Tho Bick man's weary oyes reposed upon this face, illumined ae it was by the glory oi the setting sun, and to him it seemed the face of an angel. Through all his hours of bitter pain thli sweet proscnce had been near him ; when tho vory death agony clutohed hiB heart and his feet touched the brink of tho ohill river, this woman's tender touch had lured him back to life; the soft breath of her smiling mouth, tho divine pity of her tender eyes, had soothed aud strengthened him, even in his unconsciousness. He looked up at ber, as he lay there feeble and powarless, and the light of a love that was deathless kindled in his eyes. Ho put forth his hand end touched her sleeve. " You are a stranger ; I do not even know your name," he whispered, " but your face is like an angel's. I tniuk your presence has saved my lite. Will you speak to me?" She started from her sozJ, a lovely flush flaming in her cheeks. "Thank Heaven I" she cried, bending nbove hiB pillow, her swoot eyes owimmlng with tears, that smile upon her sweet mouth which a woman giveB only to tho man sho loves once and for ever. "You will live 1" " I shall live. You have oaved me." " Nay, say not so," her silken touch upon his forehead, "it wasyo« who saved my life and risked your own— well-nigh lost it. It was your presence on that stormy night that frightened off my enemies, aud gave me the opportunity to escape. But I will not thank you now, you aro too weak to hear me. Drink this and sleep." He drinks the draught she proffers, and with her soft fingcre on his brow amid his hair, ho falls asleep, utterly oblivious of all things, of tho whole world save this one sweet woman and the love ho bears her. Miss Lenore they call her in Donald's household, and as yet she has told thom no thing of her life or the man who treated her with such fiendish inhumanity, nnd ab sorbed as thoy have been in their solicitude Jot Ambroso, thoy hnvo not cared to ask. . For weeks she has lived in the Highland cottago, shut in from tbo world aud all her troubles by the white circlo of the Scottish hills, dreaming a sweet dream, learning for the first time in all hor proud life that Iob- son which Booner or Inter comes to cvory woman, the lesson of love. Miss Trovethou, the proud belle of Lon- don, the brilliant heiress whom no man eould win, sits beneath the peaked roof of the Highlaud cottage, her eyes luminous with an infinite tenderness as they rest upon the white, pain-worn fnce of this man, who has served her, and saved her life, and won her woman's heart — won it, too, with out the asking, and be the son of a sailor and a goat-herd, nnd she tho descendant of " a hundred earls." Her cheeks flame nnd her proud bosom swells as some such thought crosses her brain, and she rises quickly and descends to tho kitchen, where the mother of Ambrose is busy with preparations for tho cvoning meal. She looks up with ratuor a sullen brow at Miss Travethon'B entrance. Sho is a good, kindly creature, this dark-browed Highland dame, but she cannot forgive this fair, patri cian lady, who has beon the cause of so much trouble. But for her, instead of lying at tho door of death, all maimed and crip- plod, Ambrose might be the happy husband of littio Isabel, She looks up, sap am unsmiling, but she draws forward the best chair and proffers it to ber guest. " Sit down, Miss Lenore, if ye won't mind the smell of the cooking; and there's the papers, Donald fetched 'em from the post town, a while ago ; a heap of 'em thore is. He were an oncommon reader, the poor lad, and laid out every spare penny for the papors, and now ho may never look at 'cm again, and they're a-lying hero for him. It is bard to bear." Lonoro sits down, an unwonted flush on her cheeks, a tender brightness in her eyes. " Yes, it is hard, I know, for a mother's heart to bear," she answers, softly : " yet I think you mny tako hope now, for your son is Buroly better. He spoke to me a minute since, and I left him in a sweet sleep." The mother glances up from the vonison steak she is preparing, her brow still clouded. Ambrose bos spoken' to hor, this pretty, dainty croature I Evan if ho lives, bo will surely iearn to love her, and she will lure him into foreign lands. And he might have wedded littio Isabel, and lived and died amid his native bills. These, are the bitter thoughts that fill her mind as she cuts the red, juicy steak. Meanwhile Lenore unfolds tho papers nnd glances over thom listlessly. Her heart is not with the great, gay world sho has left, but with the man who lies under tho peaked roof overhead. Glancing carelessly a startling announce ment catches her eye. It comes under the head of " Marriages in High Life," and an nounces to the proud Bclgravlan world, and to all others concerned, that Miss Lenore Trevathon, the beauty, the belle, tho heiress, was privately mnrried, in compliance with her own wish, to Richmond Trevethon, son and heir of her guardian, Sir Geoffrey Treve thon, of Lynditu Hall, and the happy young couple have gono to Rome for their honey moon ; and thence for an indefinite tour, the bride's precarious and failing health requir ing the balm and warmth of southern isles and tropical seas. Sho reads this, her cheoks whitening, her blue oyes flashing darkly, her proud heart heaving. But in one swift moment her emo tion passes. What does it matter? Even this cannot move hor, so great is her present content. She will let her vengeance reBt ; Bho will bide her time. Evon if sho were cut off forover from her name and her birth right, it seems a light grievance in tho glorylfying rnpturo of hor now joy. She un derstands the old phrase, " All for love, and tbo world well lost." Bho throws the paper aside, her oyes growing mistily tender, as she looks up at the mother of tho man who has suffered so much for her sake. "Ha is better," she repeats with a strange girlish timidity ; " and, thank Heaven, I am Bure be will live now. It would have been endless misery to mo it ho had died. I owe him such a debt of gratitude I could never hnvo known nnother pcaecful hour if harm had coma to him. " Ay, it would have beqir bitter if ho had died," ropeats the peasant woman. " It is bitter onough ss it is, to see him on his back, all crippled for life, porhap3,and ho is in tho prime of hiB youth and strength, and to think it was his wedding-night when ho was de coyed to that awful Haunted Manor." Miss Trevethon felt all the blood in her body surging in a fiory torrent to her heart. " His wedding-night," she said, her voiae faltering. < "Ay, his wedding-night, and his bride the E ret Host i lass in tho county, and bringing im a snug dowry besides." Miss Trevethon rises to her feet, white to the lips, despite all her dauntless pride and self-command. In all hor life, in her diros! peril, when she crouched in that blaok, rcok ing tomb, with a lingering death ber only hope of rescue, she folt no such pain, n'6 such dumb despair as she now foels. 1 But sbs sets -her white taeth hard and clonchcs her hands. Sho will die rather than ' betray her weakness. (to be continued.) 