Goongarrie (By P. C. B. V.) Thanks to the sagacity and good taste of Mv. George Bellingham, the to'vn of Goongarrie enjoys a situation which is simply unrivalled amongst the northern centres of Coolgardie goldfields. Originally the Government surveyor proposed to place it in the midst of an insalubrious and dreary flat, very similar to the hideous salt lake at Black Flag, but the inhabitants had the good sense to protest, and Mr Bellingham being at hand, sent in a report, which led to the nresent excellent site being chosen. The town is now laid out on the surface of a large plateau, rising some 200£t above the level of Lake Goongarrie, the waters of which stretch away for miles in front, affording a pleasant relaxation to the eye usually accustomed to the sandy wastes of spinifex which comprise the district. Between the Ullage and the lake the country is broken and eroded, and disturbed as it is by huge outcrops of slate and still larder hills of glittering quartz, and torn into deep gullies and ravines, it presents a picturesque spectacle, the like of which is seldom visible in the eastern districts. The ravines have the additional attraction of being highly auriferous, and after every rain arc besieged by fossickers, who do well out of the alluvial. The great lake stretches away north and south as far as the eye can compass, and its surfAce. dotted with rugged islands, and studded with silvery rocks nf quartz, makes a beautiful picture.particularly insummer with the mirage glimmering upon it. For months together these lakes are deserts, even more hopeless and forbidden than the tracts surrounding them, but even in their driest times they teem never to forget their past as lakes, and", when they can no longer present the reality, they offer us the waving and glittering simulacra. These mirages alwaysseem to toe to offer the idea of a spirit-water—they are the ghosts of dead and long-vanished waters. Now and then there comes a glurious resurrection, and the blue waters come again and spread sea-like over the vast wastes of sand and salt. Even the salt has its elements of beauty. Sec it glittering like countless treasures of diamonds in the gleams of the rising sun, or see the golden glamor thrown over its crystals by the fiery rays of the sun when setting. Approaching it closely the beholder who has travelled in hyperborean climes is moved to compare it, not unfavorably, with the greatest efforts of that grand old master King Frost, who comes up from his lair of ice at the frozen Poles, and is recorded by the poet to have Ciept Over the windows of those who slept, Wherever he breathed, wherever he stept, By the light^of the moon were seen Most wonderful things ; there were flowers and trees, And bevies of birds and swarms of bees, And temples, and towers, and cities, and there All pictured in siver sheen." What the frost does for the north the salt does for us, and having a larger field than a pane of glass produces correspondingly greater effects. It is aided, too, at times, by various other mineral solutions. But the crowning glory is ever the mirage. Let the air be ever so still, let the day be ever, so hot, the cool waters,stillseem to undulate and shimmer and throw back responsive beams to their foster father, the sun ; while every bush, scraggy and forlorn enough at ordinary times, is magnified into a spreading canopy of foliage, and throws a reflection which would do credit to an oak. A tuft of grass becomes a bamboo; sprig of salt-bush a palm tree ; a mole-hill a mountain ; and so with all else, until for a time the desert blossoms as the rose, and the waste places of the earth no longer look desolate. But woe batide the thirsty traveller deceived by the magic of nature; for him that way lie madness and death, and the more beautiful the delusion the more deadly is the reality. Turning from the contemplation of the wonders of nature to the commonplace aspects of men and things, I am glad to be able to record the fact that a higher social and moral tone pervades Goongarrie than is usual in places of its age and dimensions. People io not seem to consider it necessary to split their words into syllables in order to sandwich in the Australian adjectivc ; and they seem to " skite" and drink less, and, on the whole, to do more than most of the places it has been my painful pleasure to visit. Their town is in a forward state ot civilisation; their mines are well and un ostentatiously developed. The latter are not so numerous or 60 far apart as at many other places, and although I 6aw only about halfa-dozen mines, yet I obtained a better idea of the district than could have fallen to my lot by the same amouut of work elsewhere. Then, again, the courtesy of the representative people was beyond what one usually receives. My acknowledgments are due to the Progress Committee for their very kindly behaviour. On the night of my arrival Mr. Miller, the secretary, bade me welcome, and next day Mr. J. K. Smith, the president, spent the best part of a day driving me around the various mines. Nor arc they lacking in enterprise. Some time ago there was lack of water. Instead of rushing to the Government with the trouble they forthwith formed a company, started condensers, and remedied the evil themselves, which is a very favorable sign about a young community. Their spirit of enterprise and activity having enabled them to dispense with Government interference—some of their leading men are staunch supporters of the Ministry of the day—there has not been sufficient familiarity to breed contempt. So much for physical and social aspects. Let us now turn to the geology of the district. I have but seldom seen a country which presents better indications of auriferous wraith than does Goon- garrie. Immense outcrops of quartz stud the country in all directions; nearly the whole of the country rock is vertical slate; while here and there are the usual ridges of silicious ironstone, probably indicating the presence of composite lodes of great size. l'hysio<rrapliically and geologically the placc resembles some of the best parts of the Murchison, but from what I saw of its ores I should judge thtin of higher'grade than those usually occurring on the northern field. My first visit of inspection was paid to THE CONSUELLO. a 48-acre lease which. I believe, was floated by Mr. W. H. C. Lovely on the London market. It possesses two lodes, both of which strike from north to south aud have a westward dip. Both veins average 7ft in width, and consist of the usual quartz and ferrous oxides. On the main lode the main shaft is being sunk and is now down 98ft. Water has been encountered in this shaft, the daily yield being About 3000 gallons. On the No. 2 lode two shafts are sunk to the respective depths of 60ft aud 58ft. There is also 280ft of driving accomplished on both lines of lode. Very rich stone has been raised from the 50ft level, and the ore throughout is of a kindly and promising character. Adjoining these blocks to the northward is THE CONSUELLO NORTH, an area ot 29 acres held by a Sydney syndicate, and containing the continuation of the two lodes before-mentioned They are called, in this property, the " Consuello Reef " and (he " Blue Reef " respectively. Both have the same strike ami dip* as recorded in the Consuello, while the Blue lteef averages 3ft to 4ft. in width, and the Consuello maintains its thickncss of 7ft. On the latter there are sunk three shatts, which have attained the depths of 53ft, COft and COft, and are connected by drives aloug the line, totalling 120ft in length. The Blue reef is penetrated by one shaft only, which is sunk to a depth of 53ft. Mr. J. K. Smith, Chairman of the Progress Committee, is manager of the claim, which affords encouraging prospects to its owners. I was next driven to THE 1KEY MO, ot which 1 may say at the outset tnat it is one of the best mines I have seen on the fields, although as yet little is known. It consists of an area of 30 acrcs, and is held by an English Company. There is one main lode running nearly north and south, which is 21ft wide, 10ft of which consists of laminated quartz. The quartz 1 ferruginous, and is remarkable on account of the quantity ufloxide of manganese it contains in the dendritic form. This form ot psilomelane is common enough in granites, porphyries, and is sometimes found in diorite, but I have uot previously noted its presence in quartz. The whole of the 10ft of silica shows fine and coarse gold, both in the laminae and the fractures. I syent the best part of an hour napping the stone, and every piece broken showed rich gold, which in places had assumed the fern- like forms of the manganese. The lode is, without exception, the richest and most consistent I have ever inspected in Western Australia, and if it continues to a depth in its present state it will become a serious rival to the Great Boulder. Of course, with the shallow depth, we have no guarantee of the gold continuing down, but the character of the quartz, its disposition, and the appearance of the lode indicate that it is a true fissure vein,- and as such, it is highly probable that the gold will last and even increase with depth. 'A second shaft is down 27ft, the lode here being fully as large and nearly as rich as at the main shaft. The want of efficient pumping gear is preventing the attainment of depth, as the property is on the lake and the aqueous influx is something enormous. A five head battery is at work on the ore, and the plates are simply coated, although crushin? had only been commenced two days before my arrival. I venture to predict that the result of thepresent crushing will be sensational and will probably divert some of the existing boom towards Goongarrie. Pumping and hauling machinery are badly needed, and when the company have this mine thoroughly developed it should indeed put up a record. THE PRIDE OF THE LAKE is an adjoining area of 24 acres, held and managed by Mr. J. K. Smith. The continuation of the Ikey Mo intersects this property, but all the work so far accomplished has been done on a health;-looking subsidiary lode averaging 3ft. wide. Two shafts are down 30ft, and 40ft respectively, and from one of these crosscutting has been commenced for the Ikey lode. Here, as in the property just described, the prospectors are fairly swamped out by the water. The country rock along this important line is schist, and development work is proceeding apace. At the Consuello space is being cleared for the battery, which is now on ilB way to the mine. Leaving this belt we drive to the northern end of the town, and passed THE LADY MONTEFIOEE, an area which is also English-owned, and which I had no time to personally examine. I learned, however, that a promising lode has been struck, and I noticed a very large blow of quartz, containing at least 500,000 tons of surface stone, which, I am assured, yields over half an ounce to the ton. If this be the case, there is a big and payable mine in this outcrop alone, as water is very handy, and exists in abundant quantities. THE HICKS GOLD MINE, which has recently struck rich gold, was next traversed, but the manager (Captain Hampson, formerly of Hope's Hill) being absent, I was unable to examine the mine. The property bears a good local reputation, and, as the Goongarrie people are not given to " blowing," this speaks well for it. By far the biggest thing, in point of area, number of reefs and machinery erected is THE NINETY-MILE PROPRIETARY, better known, perhaps, as the Caledonian. It comprises an area of 130 acres, is held by the W.A. Venture Syndicate. Capt. Smith being the manager. This gentleman is not to be confounded with the one who kindly acted as my guide. As far as surface workings are concerned, attention may be called to the battery of 20 head, of which only 10 are working at the present time. This battery is driven by a 25 h.p. engine, which is supplied with steam by a 22 h.p. boiler. A second boiler is to be erected, when the whole of the mill will be set to work. Crushing has been goiut? on for some mouths, but no returns have been given to the public, and none are yet available. The details of the various leases are given in the following :— THE GIMLET LEASE, which is identical with the historic " lloaring Gimlet," which once gave its name to the district, has a reiif striking from N .N.E. to S.S.W., and averaging 18iu wide, on which a shaft is down 86ft. A drive in t he reef is iy 39ft, and stopes have been made from the 70ft level to the surface for 40ft along the line, the heights of the overland stoping being 130ft. The drive at the 70ft is 161ft long. In THE CALEDONIA LEASE the nmin shaft is down I15ft. At the 75ft level there is a crosscut, whence a drive has been Irun along the reef tor 100ft to the S.S.W. -A second dri"-e from the same level is excavated for 140ft N.N.W. A new shaft has been commenced, and is down 30ft, and is intended to go to 117ft, and there are two others devil on the main reef to the depths of 75ft and 5Qft. THE PROPRIETARY LEASE has two parallel reefs on which Nos 1 and 2 shafts arc dovm 70ft, being connected by a crosscut. The No 1 shaft contains a reef ranging from 18in to 2ft wide, while the reef <in No. 2 varies from lSin to 5ft in width. In a drive in No. 2, the reef has been stoped 8ft high for 32rt. There is a third shaft, 6unk upon the reef to a depth of 76ft. Thereof iu this shaft was not very wideat 39ft, but a drive put in 94ft increased its size to an average of 18in. No. 4 shaft on the same lease is down 53ft. and the reef is here 23in thick. No. A shaft is down 3Sfc, and the reef is 18in. The OTHER LEASES belonging to the Company are as yet in the prospecting stage, and there is little to be said concerning them. In the absence of battery returns, or other means of testing, it is impossible to say much in reference to the value of the property. The reason given for the non - publication of the returns is that under 'he former management refining was badly done and the gold smelted was charged with iron and manganese, which seriously reduced its value. There is reason to hope, however, that before long the returns will be regularly made public, as the plates in the mill now look very well. My final call was paid at THE BODDINGTON, where, in a shatt 170ft deep, gond dollying stone has been taken out from top to bottom. The principal work now proceeding is the erection of machinery, and three large boilers and a 20-hcad battery are already in position, but not yet- erected. This concluded my tour of the mines, and I left Goongarrie with the belief that this hitherto rather neglected neighborhood is likely now to "arise and shine" and make a considerable and favorable difference in the gold returns from the North Coolgardie field. ' 