TOPICS OF THE DAY. Tho .railway stations presented p. bright; and lively apjjoaninco to-Uny. This was especially tlio csuso in tho vicinity of trains bound for seaside resorts, the weather lieltig of that kind to make picnicking a very pleasant way of spending tho holiday. Tho rush for carriages was not, however, so great as on Boxing Day. After tho splendid patronage Biffonletl tlw nill- wnys on Wednesday uud Thursday, the Hallway otiicials do not anticipate such | a big lake to-day. Mrs .T. S. Jenkins, of Wells street, Brighton, rojKuiK tluit yesterday aftcr- noon, while In Cole's book arcade, her purse ww stolen from her dress pocket. She did not miss the purse until after shtj left the arcade. The purse con tained £4 In money, some private pa pers, aud a railway ticket to BUddle Brighton. Another case of wilfully breaking a street llro-alann lias been reported to tho )>ollce. At a quarter pnst nine o'clock ou the night of tho bOLh uit, the alarm at tlio corner of Commercial tuid St. Kllda roads was broken by some unknown penson. The Sonth Yarni and Pruhran detachments of the Met- 1 ropollUui Fire Brigade turned out and ivent to tlio place. No lire was to be scon, and there was no person about. This 1m a very annoying and mischie vous offcucc, nud cruises great trouble to the tiro brigade. Any person who may at any time see any of tho street U re-alarms wilfully broken Is requested to at onco Inform the i>olice. Last night the constables stationed at Bourkc street west presented Ser geant Brennan, wlio has liecn In cluixgo of that station for some years, and wlio retired from the force yesterday after; IP) years' Hervleo, with an inuminated address, in which tlioy expriHised tlieir rvkiuirut tlio McrgcatifH nitlreinent, ami their good wishes for his welfare. Mr Hurst, J. P., piMHcntiMl the address. Ser- geaut Breiuum returned thanks in a lew fwJlng and appropriate reinarlts. A woman named Kllen Vldrldge, 45 years of nge, wlio resides at No. ffl Cimliguji Htreet, Carlton, was ndmlttcd to the Mclbounio llospttal hist night, snffcring from n severe scjilp wound. She fell ilown in her house, and struck her head heavily on the Hour. ' .Tames Hamilton, 33 years of age, who lives at No. 39 High street, Carl ton, was admitted to the Melbourne I iospltal to-day, suffering from a dislo cation of tho ankle. Lie slipped and fell In a street lu Carlton. A patient of an unusual kind attend ed at tho Melbourne Hospital hist night, in tin? person of lOileu AjjHtii-o, -11 years of age, who resides Bit No. 81 Jtuport street, CoIJlngwood/J'he woman slated that she placed a sovereign In her mouth a short time previously, with tho intention of putting It in her pocket when she had llnkdK.il some worlc she won doing. Something oc curred which caused her to start tight ly, and the golden coin slipped down her throat. She won given a strong emetic, and sent home. Mr Latham, the secrehLry of the Vic torian Socloty for the Protection of Animals lisus nx-eivwl u counnunh.-si- tlon from UioseeroUiry of a kindred iik- sociatirm In Oape Town, South Afrlcti, intimating that u BUI relating to tlio Slaugh tering of Ajiiuim'lH Is to be intro duced at Hie next session of tho Cape I'arllannent Bind (islctng for information un 1o tlio laws In force In tills colony on the tmbJooL Tlie requir<sd information will -bo duly forwarded. A wiilor luuned Thonuis Salvcrwood rejM>rtcd to Hie I'ort Melbourne police tills morning that be was robbed of a watch chain valued at 80s in Bay street lust nlghL He said that ho wim p:isNlug a gang of larrikins when one of the umniicr snabihed .tlie elcUu aud with his comiRHuloiia ran awny. On 'Monday ovoning wo reported in this oolumn tho cuno of Sholley v Sholloy, hoard at South Melbourno, in which Mrs Sholloy coraplninod pf lidr liusbaud for threatening to lull her, )Slioliey, wlio was bound over to koeptIie peace, nuido cortuin statemonta in court. In our report of those t-omo nitsiaKon wure ui)ioriuiiu(.uiy nmuu. jnr» Shellby lmd not na stated gone out with lior hunkand, but with a lady frlond, and it wus this lady, uttd not, as sot out in our roport, a young man with whom Mrs Sholley nlighctd from tho train. When tho huglmud enmo up to boat her, it wns tlio ludy frlond, nnd not u young man who was with hor, who itHsisbetl to dofond hor. Tho orrora having boon pointed out, wo at onco mako thu nrctssnry coireo- tions, and oxproaa oui- rogrot that, oonaoquout upon a good dual of chuff nud lauuhtor in the court, iuaccuraciei sh-uild have ocourrod, Fivmi tnf\>nnallrm received 0>y .the last iikiH tt appears pi-obiLbie that the next World's . Convention of alio Woman's Christian Tomimmnce Union which Is to toke phiceiin 1897, Willi be-ltcld In one of 1;lie Australian coloiriiw. The vlsl- tora will include Lsidy Houry Somorswt, and Miss Frances 1-3. Willanl, the Presi dent of the World's W.O.T.U. Tho hit ter Una offered u prize of a handsome banner to Hie ccrfony which seeurfiH tho largest Inercuso in the membership of women joining the Union between tilio yuar 181X1 ooaiunencing wltli to-morrow, and tho date of Hie Convention. In connection with ihc last Hospital Sunday in London, the "Lancot" pub lished some valuable aUtistles coneeni- ing Oio Metro|k>iitan Hosiiluiis. From tliese It appeared Huit Hie number of IKitlonts admitted into all 411© Loudon geaeral hosplluls during the previous year was 52,080, of whom lo,474 weio rellevcMl, 28,320 were cured, aud 4-190 died. Tlte average death rate was 8.0 per ceirt. An intercsUng fact •men tioned wxis, tJiat Hie llospltali which showed ithe highest percentage of euros, ami Uio lowest >ercenhige of devttJis was the iaiudon Temiioraiicc HospihiJ, willch duals w'lth nil idtuls of diseases, Bicddenls, aud surglwi 1 cases, Bind where tllcohol Is usbh! at. all only as a drug in Its pure form. The death rate lu tills dustltutlon wus ouly 5.0 per cent. At tlie ilmlf ycsirly- meeting <»f the Col- llhgwpd Bnnu/li of tlio Australkui Na tives' ' Assodliiitlon there was a very large attendance of members. The sec retary .tvad tlie report which showed the branch to be In u very satisfactory condition and rapidly' guluiug members. The following olthmrs were elected for Hie ensuing six months:— President, Mr II. Jaeolw; vice-president, Mr D. J. Kelly: treasurer, Mr A. H. Ciurahig (ro oloetwl); secretary, Mr A. Collins (ru- elc«;te(l); iLssLsUint- Heerclnry, ilr It. M:uiu; auditor, Messrs Jo. Fyffe ami ,1. T. rAitmlKMl; B-omnilttec, Messrs W. Brown, Jno. CudUon, J. II. Dnwc, A. Nimon, tuid P. White; delegates to uu- muii conference. Messrs Collins and 8. lioKkln; dulegati?s to MclmiMiUUin Coin- mltteo, I>r 10. H. Fyffe, Messrs P. Dehuertund .T. Dwyer; press eorresiKin- dent, Mr II. Jacobs; illspensary dele- gutas, Dr N. II. I-'yffc, J. T. Baylo and S. Hoskon, Mr FUzNlnunons ex-presl- dent of ilho Association) Instalied the olIU'Kiw. During tho evening an lUluuit- iiatBvl group of photograpks of past and present otlicors of the branch -was pre sented to Mr P. Dlnloy (who tluougii business engagements, Is retiring from active work in coiuiecllon with the branch), a' a mark of esteem ami re- Ki>eot. Tlio President spoke in eulo gistic terms of Hie work done u ml vnlu- nble assistance rendered by the reci pient Ml !' Dlnloy suitably respon ded. At (ho Exhibition Building tbis even ing, tho Inst of the series of musical entertainments under tho management of Mrs Palmer and Mr Amies Beau mont, wlU bo glveu. A mout uttnurtlve programme lias been prepared for the tnvoHloii. In additlou to the promoters. Miss Ida Osborne. Mlsk Fitzgerald, MLss l/ou!o Morrcll, Miss Hilda. Luck, Miss Jule Liytnn, Mr Enicttt. WoobI, Biguor Buzzi, mid Mr W. T. Barker will take part, assisted by the Bl Paul's Cathedral Quartet rarly aud All Balnts' Choir. . y " Mr Clomunt Bcott our chief of drama tic critics, baa becii ludulgiug In some recollections, one' of which (snjs our Ixindon corrcsp<»mlent) has reference to an old favorite of the pkiygoing public of Melbottrno and Sydney. It sccnm that oue nlgbt, whea George lltgnold was acting at Oio old Queen's Theatre In I/ong Acre, John Oxcnford, tlie dramatic critic of "The Times" was coughing so Incessantly that at last Geo. HlguoUI ccuhl stand It no longer. Coining down to tho footlights, be ad dressed tlie audl'»nce thus: "Igidies and gentlemen,— I am very sorry, but It Is absolutely impossible for me to act until that ainlahle old gentleman ceases to cough t>- obtains a lozenge. Either ho must ctase to cough, or I must cea.se to act We cannot )>ot.h lie on in one scene." It l» not every actor who would linvo tho moral courage to administer such a public rebuke to the representative of the Thunderer. Bir Michael I'llcks-Beach, the Chan cellor of tlie Exchequer, lias aunotinc- ed (says our London eorrcsjiondent) that it Is not his Intention to propose a tax on cycles In his next budget. Many mluds have Ixxm relieved by tho an nouncement, and tlio supporters of Hie Government also breathe more freely, as nothing would bring them Into inoro unpleasant relations with tlie great bulk of their constituents Limit a vote cast in favor of a cycle Uuc. If Koliert Towns ptoimscd a tax on matches suliP dent to kill one Government, It is not diflhmit to prophesy the fate of tlie Ministry Uiat. would alienate ;nmi Bend Into opposition "the grtsat irTnr. f. cllals. Ami yot there are two classes of cyclists who might lx> very legiti mately subjected to taxation. They arc tlie reckless street-scorchers ami the advertising pcJaillsts. The former are not unknown at the Antipodes, but I urn not quite stito that bicyclists wlLh soap and pill miv<irUsemeut« between their wheels liavo, so far made their uppeaninco in Uio s\recis of Mcllwurac. What lias bccomeof Bonnor, tlie erst while clnunpion Atu'nillan Hloggor, and tlie only colonial who lias so fiu suc ceeded in smashing Hie ckK-k at Lords ? The memory of Uio big Victorian hitter was revived (gays our London corres pondent) on Saturday evening at a din ner of the Johnson Club In Fleet street Mr Augustine Birrell, Q.C., M.l'., told a very .umiNing anecdote. LIo said thnt Bnnnor, when In Loudon, ouee attended the annual dinner of the Johnson Ghib, but h.e hud nut tlie ghost of an Idea who Dr. Johnson was, and he oontidontlully assured Mr Illrrcll that the vast majority of Australians shared his ignorance in the matter— a statement that Is certainly not strict gospel. However, wln«i the dinner was over and Uio big hitter had absorbed all the tqiooclmH lu fever of tlio great lexicographer, ho rose, and assured the company that if ho hud not been George Bounor, the Australian cricket er, .he would like 1© have beeu Dr. Samuel Johnson. Now, wliat docs Bonuor say to tols little fairy Uilo V The fidelity w'th-ihlch tlie BritiKli captain sticks to hla hlilp in the hour of peril, and tuwer thi'nkfi of his own BUfety until eveirD>dy else Is out of danger has Ixjcomo rimost as familUir as ti proverb, aud it 's very rare in- Bleed (says our Jxmdon correspondent Hint a British skipper Isgullry of con duct tho very reverse of ,thls. But a shocking case of a cowardly ami trai torous captain lias lieen licfore tho courts this week. The vessel Why Not was found to bo on fire of the coast of France, and Capbiin Wtklnsou, in stead of heroically sticking u> his p<a$t. Jumped Into the only avaiitblo lw.Lt and, together wltli the mategmd sev eral sailors, pulled away leading the unfortunate passengers to thdr fate. Tiicy Momulnmr ItickHj- mnjiajcd" to k<x?p the fiames tinder, and imvipito Uio Ktdp Into a neiglilHirlng porL Tie chlc- ken.hojirtod cantain. a disirraci' to his , profession, litis been sentemvu to six mojitlis Imprisonment; which Js cer tainly a very light punishment" under the circttniHlaticcs. The mate: got off witli two months. (The Why Not af fair was cabled to "The Ileitld" some months ago.) Miss Eileen Fitzgerald, vho .several years ag3 obtained a nch>hm»hlp, and bus since been pupil at :he .South Med-, bourne College , wliero sle has matricu lated three tlmow, greatly received first-class honora <Htho Moll>ourne Uni versity in physics chomlatry luid phy siology, Wo undiratand that Miss Fitz gerald, who Is 17 years old, Is about to enter on hor uidlcal course, and we wish the clover -.-oil rig lady every suc cess In her sUitha To-morrow, - d January, Hio h.s. Ddlna'rumi to loptarllngton, Bcllarliie Gardens and G>.doug, leaving Quifn's Wharf 'at 10 n.m The return fare la 2a and the single V. Gd, 