The Two Lovers, of Marget Langley. CHAPTER I. I was a good deal flustered when I left the hoasg that morning, I am willing to admit. I daresay .most spinsters of thirty-five -who had joat re ceived a proposal of marriage from an eligible man would hare been a little agitated, as I was. Yon. see, I had had my little romance twelve years ego; and though I carried a lock of brown hair and "verses to my sweet heart" signed " your own Torn" in my pnrse, I think I had got over the pain of that estrangement. I had even learned to be thankful that Tom had ««dropped" me, since I knew that he had drifted away from all respectable associates, and was lost in the whirlpool of London's "unrecognised." 1 was reconciled to my spinsterhood, and had settled myself in a quiet little villa at Lewisham with o maid to wait upon me, and a dog to keep me company. Some times I took tea with a neighbour, or spent the day with an old friend at Brockley; and it was through those mild dissipations that I met Mr Andrew Jones. He was a pleasant, Well-to-do gentle man of forty-five or fifty, well-known to my .friends, and in every way suitable if I chose to accept the o&er; he had made. 1 thought I would, but determined to consider it well, so deoided upon taking a morning's shopping before sending my answer. I had broken a ruby brooeh-pin the day before, and I meant to leave it with a jeweller when on my shopping expedi tion ; so, as I shoved ten pounds into 'my purse, I put the brooch there as well for safety. It was a very old-fashioned brooch, good stones set in silver of Indian workmanship. It had been " in the family" a long time, and I valued it very highly, I set out for Lewisham High Eoad, thinking more of Mr Andrew Jones and his letter than any thing else; and Well! well! I was carrying an umbrella, a mail, and parse, also a chain by which I WBB obliged to lead my dog Puff whenever we went along the High Boad. How, or when, it happened I cannot tell. I believe it was when I passed a comer leading to St. John's Station, and had to step asids as a crowd of people came pouring out. Anyway, when I reached the jeweller's I had lost my purse. Ten pounds is always a sum to be re gretted, and so is a family relic valued at fifteen pounds ; bat somehow I found myself dwelling more upon my loss of the " verses to my sweetheart" and the look of brown hair. Had I dropped the parse? If so, there was the ghost of a chance that an honest person, picked it np, and wonld restore it to me, for my card with fall address was in side. But I felt sure the parse had been taken from my hand when I was jostled at the railway corner. I could remember changing Puff's chain from the left to the right hand jost there, and I am sure the parse was also in my fight hand. The dog had been pulling on his chain. It was easy to see how I had been robbed. I reported my loss to the police, and I returned home with mind so full of r.egret that all thought of ° Mr Andrew Jones had departed. It was not till late in the afternoon that I recalled his unanswered letter, and set myself to the task of replying. While I was occupied in concocting a pleasant billet donx the postman's knock thundered on the door, and pre sently the maid brought in a letter. It was a yery unpleasant-looking envelope, dirty, and the address very badly written though correotly spelt. I am very particular about the spelling of my name. So many people will call it Langly instead of Langley. But what struck me as curious was that the letter was addressed, not to Miss Langley, as all my letters are addressed, but to Miss Margefe S. T. Langley. Being an unmarried^woman, I have my cards engraved with my Christian name, and no "Miss" attached to it. Whoever had written the letter I held knew my name very well indeed, even to the uncommon .pelling of it. I opened the envelope, and drew out a half sheet of paper with some writing on it. It was evidently the writing of an uneducated person, and this was what I read : " Yur pnrs was took near Sent Jons. We hav no nee for bare and such like. Mony is in our line, the juel pin will bring fifteen pounds, and yrur set store by it. If yon like to bay it of ns we are agreeable. Bring fifteen punds to place named 'below at nine of the clock this nite and yon will receive ynr pnrs and all contains bnt mony. Polis is so use; we are not to be cant. Place, east end of Carlton Road, yureelf; no one else must apeer." " How very surprising !" I exclaimed aloud, though I was alone ; then I be gan to study the letter bit by bit, and a strange thrill of fear went through me as I realised by what was said that the thief must haye been watching me ; he. had found out the ralue of the brooch, he had made sure it was a trinket I cherished; ho had not destroyed the lock of hair and verses; he had con sideration for a lonely woman's senti ment regarding precious relics, and I should have mine restored if I were brave enough to trust a thief, and meet him alone after dark at a lonely corner, bringing with me a good sum of money. At first I thought of consulting a neighbour, but the warning woria< " police of no use; we are not to be «aught," showed me that I had wide awake rognes to deal with. I should gain nothing and lose all, probably, if I did not act in every particular as directed. After-hours of consideration, I made up my mind to risk everything and do as desired. I always kept plenty of ready money in the house, bo there would be no difficulty about the £15 ; and, being in comfortable circumstances, I was quite willing to pay that sum for my precious relics. At half-past eight I pat on my walk ing gear, and prepared with much trepidation for my adventure. As I came down the stairs there was a visitor's knosk at the door, and who should step in-meeting me in the hall -but Mr Andrew Jones ! 