The Zuv Eace. "We were sitting vaguely thinking— We mav say we'd not been drinking— 'Thinking very, very vaguely in the solemn even time. There were camels bleating round us, And weird noises to confound us, And we raked our brains to dig out some demoniacal rhyme. Did we say we had no liquor ? That remark is heeded quicker, And as sharp as shafts of envy falls suspicion on the scribe. For the reader is too ready To insist he isn't steady, And to claim that drinking whisky is a weakness of the tribe. As we sat there in the gloaming Soon our thoughts went from us roaming. And the evening shadows faded to a strange uncanny white, Lo, a mystic glare fell o'er us, And there, on the desk before us, Dancing near us most grotesquely was a tunny little sprite. Was a sprite or ghost or vision, With a smirk ot spook derision, And a glint of goblin humor in its strange inverted eyes. Sure a wilder little spectre Never shocked a grave elector, With its lack of decent raiment and its .weird uncanny guise. Strange the goblin was a baby (You may think the bard a gaby), But the baby spook unnerved him and administered some shocks. It was small and dimpled dearly, But its ears were pointed queerly, And it had a corporation like that jovial fellow Cocks. From its chin so round and rosy, And its chubby cheeks and cosy. Hung a meagre wisp of whisker and each hair emitted sparks. And, though quite an infant seeming, It was bald beyond redeeming— With that venerable baldness which •will always cause remarks. Its nose shone 'tween its winkers Like an ardent whiskey drinker's And it bore a lot of blossoms that were strangely out of place. It had bat wings on «ach shoulder, And an air of being older, Being older many seasons than you'd think to see its face. And a man of nerve and gristle Finds his hair and eyebrows brittle, And his teeth begin to chatter in an undecided way, When encountered by a baby, Older far than Adam, maybe, With elfin ears and portly, bleary-eyed and very gray. Quaint the goblin looked and leery, And it seemed a trifle beery As it gambolled ther e before us like a sportive poodle pup. When it spoke the ' little pebble' Piped in quite an ancient treble ' Back Common, feeble mortal, for the Great Coolgardie Cup.' 'What? 7 we shrieked—we were excited— ' Little fiend we are delighted, Take a seat upon this match-box, here's some whisky—have a sup. Do you spooks admire our journal That you come from realms infernal, Thus to lay us on to Common for the first Coolgardie Cup.' But it spun in quaint rotation, And it gave no information, Further than the item quoted in the verses gone before. And it winked its other eyelid In a manner most decided, And looked the very genius of the cutest racing lore. Hard we pressed the infant spectre With our questions and our nectar, And we said we thought that Common wasn't very fit or well. We expected our derision Would draw protests from the vision, And we hinted we could trust no horse that had a waist like PelL But it only drank our whisky, And iL waxed more weird and frisky, And it winked a wink, in answer, that was devilishly sly; Then it finished off the ' Galley' Bounded round us like a ballet, And shot back into its furnace in the sultry by and by. And from out the shadows falling Faint and far a voice came calling— ' Back Common, oh! Back Common,' and then it died in space. And we started up in wonder, And we cried 4 A dream, by thunder!' But no ! for there was still a smell of spirits in the place. Those who doubt our tale effusive, We will give a proof conclusive, Lo! our whisky flask was empty and it lay beside its case. And to satisfy you of it, That a spectre was our prophet, We have witnesses who'll swear they smelt the spirits in the place. 