The Railway Again. THE minute of the Railway Commissioners to ike Premier, in conectlea with the city railway terminus, which was published yes terday, does not do much to render plainer the controversy about the expediency of ap prcpriarting a section of Hyde Part for. rail way, purposes. For one thing, the . commis eioaers make It clear that they abandoned .the King-street scheme reluctantly, because ?of expenditure widen has, since 1890 and 1891, yrhsax it was placed toefore the Royal jCommiaion, been, tocurred on .the Supreme Court «nd St James's -3hurc3i, J£ the Kwg streei elte was desiraWe on 1890, it is hard to see bow it can. have become any less so because of ;i3liprovmente made to fraildings ?thereabout /^iSe'^ifcsr'.'^'s'^wad- out; there to more demand -for transit to the suburbs; and -the centre has /become less populous.. It -would, It Js tn», be ^ pity .Win*erfere :with one of -tiie oldest and most Mstoric churches In ^e ^pny; ^ut would ;|fais lie necessary, emi if . ' tiie railway r . ^were taken to King '.sffijbfeet?:/. Is &^ not other land available? There Is, for Sample, that 'occupied by the Supreme rJ&oiBB;^^^ik^baig,': about which few people will- teel sentimental— ^and that ^oecaplei l-y ^ertSa tamtc^-lilce* scnoot ; batldingS.- :' *to^; #-ydld tiling i jthat ;#e :f-Jov W#itiaeoxt land la i^qaarter* would l-o»il£- ficient for station purposes, and certainly, as the commissioners themselves seem to tacit ly admit, the position would, as being more central, be better. There should be further investigation. The subject is worth consi deration before the appropriation of a large slice of the park is irrevocably decided upon. The alternative site for a terminus, which the commissioners themselves speak of de preciatingly—that at present occupied by the Benevolent Asylum — cannot for a moment j be thought of. Extension thither would not i be final, as it would leave the railway al- i most as far from the centre of the city as j at present, and, moreover,- such extension j would bring in no revenue, as it would be im- i possible to charge passengers anymore fare for carrying them only a few extra yards. In one part of their minute the commissioners rather give their ease as to Hyde Park ; away. IJhe great argument against utilis- j ing a slice of Hyde Park for a terminus has i been that the main terminus of the railway ; system of a country of growing population' j is bound .to spread octopus-like, and so gra- ! dually absorb the major portion of tae i park. Tiae commissioners, discussing the I subject of city railway station accommoda- \ tiou, point out that all large cities in Great Britain have several railway termini, and that Melbourne iwa three large railway sta- j tions, but that all the traffic in connection j with the railways of this colony has to be i concentrated an one station. The geogra- ] phical position of Sydney is such that rail- i ways cannot enter it from several directions, j aud traffic must always be more or less con centrated. This is exactly the reason why the cMeif railway station must always have . a tendency to enlarge its borders, and would, if established on a corner of Hyde Park farthest from the city's centre, gra dually annex much which was first intended to be still reserved. The London railways afford another lesson against making a ter minus any further from a central point than' can be helped. The older railways, especial ly -the -rreat Eastern, formerly the Eastern counties, were first arranged on this plan, and afterwards toad to be extended into town at ihuge expense. The more irreverent sprtts on the parliament ary opposition benches are Sond of twitting the present holders of offiqe with being a 'God- fearing Ministry.' A remark made by the Postmaster-General at the Bourke agricultural show banquet last night will in no way weaken the title of himself and colleagues to that par ticular designation. Mr. Cook said the Minis try's watchword is 'devotion.' Here is surely an opening for the ungodly to blaspheme. De votional exercises are not usually associated with practical politics, nor with show banquets. Our own Houses do not even open their proceedings with prayer, and there have been times when the . legislative chamber was anything but a sane-1 tuary; but that, of course, was when the present occupants of the Treasury benches were in the cold shades of opposition, and before 'devotion' could be thought of as a political watchword ex cept in the very businesslike sense of sticking to place. Mr. Cook, however, must not be taken too literally, nor too religiously either. In any case his watchword is not a happy one. If he wishes it to be accepted as conveying an idea of fealty, to duty, he has reached to pretty near the sublime in commonplace. Moreover, he may even, be .challenged, by the' aforesaid, irreverent, spirits, .to reconcile devotion to duty with gas conading at banquets five hundred miles away from the sphere of his official labors. l -. ? ? — : ? ' .'?.... My Liord Hamlet uttered a memorable warning to that aged courtier .who ought to have been Me father in-law about playing the fool at unreasonable times ' and in undesirable places. He advised hinL it' will- be remembered, to assume that particular character 'no- where Tovi In his own house.' That practical 'joker in Adelaide who was referred to in a paragraph in yesterday's 'Evening News,' and wh» had a fancy for. playing jthe ghost, would no doubt have found euch amusement, at any rate, more economical if he had not indulged: In it In a public place,' and consequent? ly left himself liable to the charge ol tKang an. idle end disorderly pereon. The man on whom he, tried to pass himself off as a visitant from tbe supernatu ral world is described in one of the Adelaide papeiB as 'a shoemaker and poet.' However, Ms eye would not eeem to have -been roiling* in so fine a, frenzy just at that particular moment «s to prevent him from recognising'the real character of die ghost, end. :xnaglng him. reveal himself in *n numlatakably 'questionable shape.' Altogether in this frtpfr'*'** 'The Ghost's Bargain' was a ?decidedly bad one, for,'; . m mUX ban toon aoted, the fine aad omU whicb he had to pay amounted to \£i 5s, not to men tion a preliminary tTinp^liing j ? The cyclone which swept the city of St. Louis seems to have been one of- the most terrible things of the kind recorded in modern times. In read ing of the havoc which it wrought, one is re . minded of those speculations which have occa sionally been hazarded as to the possible way in Which, in prehistoric days, entire populations, in fact, nations, 'may have been blotted out by some dread convulsion of nature. Let us suppose, for instance, that such a phenomenon as was wit nessed in the State of Missouri had embraced the ?whole of the North American Continent, and -had been attended, say, with another of those sudden changes to extremest cold which are ..-thought to have occurred more than once in remote ages, and' it is easy to imagine an appalling human catas trophe as the inevitable result. There is at last some good news from South Africa. The Cape Parliament, after a debate on Thursday on Dr. Jameson's raid into the Trans vaal, came to -a tacit understanding to leave it to the Imperial Government to prevent such occur rences in future; and also, as a further proof of confidence, rejected on the voices a motion re eemmending the cancelling of the South Africa Company's charter. It is quite in accordance with these indications of good feeling that the Afrikander Bund, the association of Cape-born politicians, largely of Dutch origin, is petitioning for the release of the members of the Johannes burg Reform Committee, and that Mr. Cecil Rhodes has generously acknowledged the ser vices of the Afrikanders who have helped him against the Matabele. To-day's news explains why Mr. Chamberlain held his hand, and adopted a temporising policy concerning the Transvaal, a course which, so far, seems to have been justified by results. The Secretary of State for the Colo nies had a difficult task before him. He was not only face to face with the Transvaal, but he had to consider the susceptibilities of its ally, the Orange Free State, and those of the important Dutch element in Cape Colony itself. It was quite on the cards that rashness on the part of tbe Imperial authorities would provoke a civil war, and, anyhow, it would certainly have raised up great difficulties for the Cape Government. In the Cape Parliament Mr. Hofmeyer, the head of the Afrikander Bund, holds almost as commanding a position as was once held by the late Mr. Par nell in the Imperial Legislature. It is not a small triumph for Mr. Chamberlain that he seems to have induced' a majority of the discordant ele ments in South Africa to trust him. The island of Crete is adding its own share to the troubles which beset the Turkish Empire, and which, to so very great an extent, would seem to be the fault of the Turks themselves. Late reports describe the state of affairs as exceedingly serious. Canea, the chief commercial town, has been the scene of conflicts between the populace and the Turkish soldiery, to the entire suspension of business. Elsewhere a Turkish garrison was besieged by sis hundred insurgents. A further idea of the terror and confusion which prevails is communicated by the statement that the foreign Consulates are crowded with refugees, who have been supplied with food from some of the war ships in the har bor. Crete, like other Turkish possessions in which the, subject population is mostly Chris tian, has suffered bitter persecution often from its Mahomedan masters, and many minor forms of oppression. Along with these very substan tial causes of hatred of Turkish rule is associat ed a strong sentiment of nationality, the awaken ing of which from the condition of torpor in which it had Iain for many a day may be said to have been simultaneous with the successful revolt of the Greeks against the Turkish yoke in the'earlier part of the century. The Cretans, of course, regard themselves as a kindred people,* as no doubt they are. Incorporation with the Hellenic kingdom has been the dominant idea of Cretan patriots for years past. Insurrections have repeatedly taken place, some of which have been so determinedly waged that it has often looked as though the end of the Turkish authori ty in that quarter were fairly within view. There ?was a rising over fifty years ago. Some seven teen or eighteen years later another one ?broke out, which was put an end to, not by force, but by conciliatory measures. These, however, after the traditional fashion of the Turk, were more matters of promise than per formance. Soon' after another persecution of the Christians began. ^This produced its natural consequences. The Christians demanded fi. re dress of grievances, and, at the same time, took such measures as they could in order to enforce the demand. They formed a patriot corps — 'tbe Sacred Battalion' — and issued an address to the Powens protecting Greece, begging thear as sistance with respect to having Crete brought under the Greek flag. While help from without was thus invoked, the Cretan General Assembly had formally decreed the abolition of Turkish authority, and the union of the island with Greece. The Turks made as determined an at tempt to hold the island as the Spaniards have since in the case of Cuba. They sent a large army there, and before the struggle was at an end several of their best generals had taken part in it Among others was the celebrated Omar Pasha, who distinguished himself in the Russo Turkish. war. The rebellion continued for several years. Terms of an amicable kind were proposed and discussed more than once, and in one instance the demands for reform urged by the Cretan delegates were granted. That tie stipulations agreed to by the Turks were not ful filled may be taken for granted from the circum stance that the rebellion soon broke out again. The Treaty of Berlin had a clause with special reference to Crete. It pronounced for .the en forcement of legal and- -political reforms. As in the case of other clauses in the same treaty, dealing with Turkish dependencies and posses sions, this particular one would seem to have been virtually a dead letter. Repeatedly since the date of the Berlin Treaty there have been disturbances in Crete of a similar kind to those which , took place before, and apparently from similar causes. A formidable revolt occurred in 1S89, but after it was put down the Turks somehow eeem to have had an unwanted access of mildness. They acted .with great moderation for awhile, so much so that the Sultan was for mally thanked by a representative body . of the islanders for ' his good government. But the Turk apparently reverted to his old fashion of treating subject people of another faith and race from hlB own. At any rate, there were grave disturbances reported from Crete about four years ago, and from then down to the present outbreak the feeling between the Turks and their Cretan . subjects, would seem to have assumed much of Its ancient bitterness. In the annals of Crete that chanter in which the Turk is formally Introduced may Indeed be said to be written in blood. When, in the latter half Jpf the 17th cen tury, the Turks gained possession of the Cretan capital, after a isiege of twenty-four years, It was estimated that in the course of their operations no leas *hftn 200,000 men had perished; And, as' has been seen, many later chapters of their Cre tan history have been traced In bloody enough characters, too. Jt is but yesterday that British art was deprived ct one of Us foremost representatives by the death of Lord Ijeighton; end now it is .threatened with the loss of another great painter— ^ir John Mlllais. It is tha£jlk eveartor ih& best of contemporary judges to fix the real j-tooe ot oajr man la tbe particular depart ment in which his abilities may have been displayed. It is all the more eo when those abilities have been of an unquestionably brilliant kind. However, there have been too many instances of painters, as well as other celebrities, who in their generation have been, so to speak, booked for immortality, but whoia succeeding ones have dealt with in quite an other fashion, to render predictions very safe with regard to any of the men and women of our time, no matter how largely they may have loomed in their re spective spheres. But whether Sir John Millais be des tined to be remembered in generations to come or not the mark which he has made on British art in his own day has certainly been a very; remarkable one. He has, to aj considerable degree, that attri bute which to often described as the distinctive one of genius — that is to say, originality. His contempt for conventional methods, even when supported by the greatest names, was exhibited at an early period of his career, and in a memorable way, when he head ed what was afterwards described as the preRaphae lite movement, it was, as is well-known, the subject of much enthusiasm on the one hand and of not a little derision on the other. But among those whose admiration it excited, and who recognised in it an honest and, in many respects, wisely-directed affort to re-establish natural principles hi the place of artifi cial ones, was the great art critic John Ruskdn him self. The work of Sir John Millais covers a field which is very wide— poetical subjects, historical subjects, subjects of all sorts taken variously from the realms of fancy or reality have been illustrated by him. Perhaps, after all, it will be through hia portraits of ' some of his contemporaries that his reputation will i longest survive. One of his happiest efforts in this way is a picture of Mr. Gladstone; and, to refer to j a very different notability of the day, it may not be j uninteresting to add that if posterity should have any curiosity with respect to what will then be the traditional beauty of Mrs. Langtry, there is extant for its possible gratification the counterfeit present ment of the 'Jersey Lily' from the hand of Sir John j Millais. ? 