f- NOVEL. i | — "V" 1 She Troublesome 1 J iady. j H PATIENCE STAPLETON, , | CHAPTER IX — CO-WDWEQ. i Dliytt winced, ( Brtspa at the third it fforril have better Inch, my pet, 1 ' I have said something awful, I suppose, ' ,, fcw Miffied, ' but I am so happy I don't !&«, and I said good -by to that ghost-room. 1(3 a, I'm so glad I've got somebody alive to 5 jWtbt' j £ I believe you are going to marry me out jo! fear,' he said, as they drove along in the A- ferriage. ? 'Ton don't think thnt, sweetness/ she fe!3, contentedly ; 'and you hare got your I tevoly look. Ton always were Jibe a man l scat of a novel to ma. A city bachelor, Aunt PI titiflh says Won't she ba surprised? but, tlo you know, eke said I bad leanings towards ' ivoa all tbe time.' f? j labs. -Minny was very reserved, when tne j ife-© strange gentlemen joined them, and p? Jwhsu the marriage eervico was "being- read !iy prahled a little, until Sky© yawning dole 3, ni!ly—he had not slept well, poor dog, in . fuo hotel cellar— made her smile, and she J feis radiant when the solemn ceremony was pises. They were married iu a shabby t'-irsouaga of an out-of-tbe way cburcb, by a- t.n underfed paraou lu tbreadbare clotbes, IX- |ir,d Minny's generous heart rejoiced wheu ibo caught a glimpse of a fifty -dollar bill A yver paid fer the few momenta' talk that I?, ?iat so much,— the ceremony that Is, after A, the strongest link in the chain of hnman . pspDinness. ?i j Oliver had fold his two Mends something pi' the events preceding thic strange mar- PiEgS, SO they wore tactful ouougb to Bay the j tight tblugs at tbe little dinner the four Ha<l J vc. ike very private room vrliere Mixraj Had J taien the day before, Sky© behaved pretty h-rril, and the only cloud on his mistress's ' prow was when one of the strangers stupidly " psSed if the dog was going on the wedding, grip. 'Of eaurae,' she said, decidedly. A I 'Of CAurae,' eckoei GIiver7 m.eekty? a.n<l ftka two gofists smiled, tke old olcl smile ef :>h.e married man who 4it ytm & little li fce namlet/ Miony phiepwea wten she and ler Imsbanfl, and of pnrra the flog, drove to tbe depot, — the p; terdfling-feast.' si j Bb laid his fingsc ligktly Oil ker lips. r SiVfiSt, th.6£d 9J?Q tiunga keat xmsald..' | Will &xd; me so fnll of fanlts,' she rsn fefensd , m remarkable meekness. ' Skye, jeive me yonr paw j this is JOUr BeW pBpft; ,-i he 6et® CT0SB) why, I can pet yon. It \- -irin he no new esperience to yon, unhappy ; Then Oliver langhed and hugged her. 23 jv 'TThat a child yon are !' ha said. 3 1 lit the denot he sent a talfigram. to Doctor i Jahn : ' I avo marriea htm, Oo Restand, We iraro off on a trip, ana want to hear nothing jixom Denver. Tell my cloris I won't bo ., i-H-rae fer four months. Have sent ward to j ( floss and Bailey to take my eases. I am. >3ppy,2ndahel3divilia. TVe have tbe dog telong. .lit | i £ fipur. OiarTEB. y? sfter two months' absence, Olives pXfgr&phed; Pootor JodE to towfi-raL kift mail J-.0 St ASOSSSS, tliB fir&t; lellac k cp&ned; SddPfiSfifid i/ klmsalf 5roTD.kTewca.st.le7 linny Leaned, on Bkou-lcler X>car MB- Oiiy£E,— first thing I saw Oil my getting Lome xSriS, IfrBllfid, was a letter Itl ray niece ij, Jilhmy S UnrSadahle handwriting, which she , s tS Italian, hut is as hard to react as a feuce. I would hays wrote right jiway, tut the house was in each a mess iirom shiftless people— I left BOfflO JSazlCVS jfl sp-arge of it-that I bad to turn to and go to xmuse-rieanrng. before I could Eve in the 1 made put that Minny is married to k) vPj fflOSI lively on tho vory day Ler fir at was being buried. I do bope folks jij: Ai8 WOn t learn of it my family has given , ( Village ClOre to talk about than they ever j before, and tbey are dragging zae OYOr \j TKW7" ost f 'em knows I've been ,j\ caaoe' they poster mo to death in >feu;cing round. Py J£ 8"osa yeu about felt obliged to massy "i : !"a7 59 tabe care of her. and I foresee she r;f ,r'. ore by yon before her first husband -! tort, in qMGstlaixmg you fier. WbU, folka' ways is erext ka.fi alece lELlzxny' bftd CI1? nevw ehvuld hare tahefl -sli-iiuuaGr one/ |; CiLver looked bncii into tbo rosy face lean- ,,-ng over h,e cbsir. TTell. Minny ?' 'L cooed Mrs. Miany, with f 1 S&fl; don't fircam. k.o"w lovely fe'I are I Read Oil! I don't care. Aunt fetnnab S letters are bke cold shower-haxhs : g¥ ovor y«, little ps« but make you feel jootl af terwardSH %- -.t am Euro' fcilolliJll» yon, being well on in i (ffe s' oan rogu Minny'g conduct, and bo 7 her' too. Mrs. FooZe is mighty ,i£r wward s Minny for her goiugs-oa with fe;: 'J ?n S'lJ® b8 S taking to smoking cigars P / plajiDg billiards since she rode witbbim !SS»80aif- Minny didn't TfeEny"1118 releatbl£?/ laughed li tia"fc 1,0010 boT ain't half bated, $1771 r ' TjZ2 Qt tlje Fooles ever wore. I kO ' vu k' s<39 at Minny wears hor rub- ". .fe" ea l5'B wet, and takes ease of herself ; «13jhor'a folks is weakly, and ber ; : -ijb.?r died of consumption.' ( , Obver drew hxs wife to hie hDCO, and, droning the letter, loohetl at her anzioosly. , The Pattens are awfully long-lived,' shesaxd mtmly. 'Don't baa goose. She t think I would he as that, yon know.' .1 sball take yon to Doctor John,' b© said eenonsly, whan we get bo me.' I like llim. SO much she murmured, 7.n my trunk I hav© his smoking-oap j I'll giro It haeb, now I have y9U, I hopt It tO TO' member our nae ljj,' (Miver to9h op the letter again. ' I can't have no regrets that Mister do Bestand is dead. Ha was a dreadful profit- less man to everybody, and made Minny un happy enough. J bope be had chancre of baart afore be died in that asylum i "but JJoetor John wrote he didn't hnOW anything, it was good of Doctor John to go thore and stay by him -. there ain't, to my mind, many men angei B waHripg about on earth, but the doctor s one of 'em. Bafora I forget it, bring him with you when yon. com© down IIBlt Summer, as I hope you will come, Mr. OllVfiF, for X fiflt a Store ky you on account of ?0liv kiudtlSSS o iko poor ckllfi. | You. see abe pats you on the "back now,' chirped Mrs. Minny. 'Before I close my letter I zaU8t toll J0U about my visit to Pane, France; and, though it seemed heart 683 to take Wrnnky away, Mmny ie honest ahout it and she will tell you I done right. I was mortal afraid Henry WOUld Steal him Off , and, as h,. fa a cronpy child, he would get bis deatb x so I just took him. aaVOSS ocean to Henry's folks. X wo' n't much sick On tbe voyage, nor the baby, hut was bothered most in Wranoo OB ftOCOUUt Of folks not understanding me. HOWSOmOVCr, there was som© Philadelphia people a long that x got acquainted with, and they set ma nght, for they could talk with the Frauab. Finally, When I got to the general's bonse. Coming ill a cab that ©barged a mortal bill 1 fey Waiting, on account of being- interested „ ' talking, I found tbe general in, — a fine old 1 man, too, and be could talh Dnglisb reU80B able well. X up and told him everything, keeping Drank y on my lap, ' FFOW, BtlJH I, J ' i£ you don't want thia poor little child and treat him as your own, 1 take him to my home, for I'm well- to-do, and tha little creeiur's growed into my affections.' Good ness me, he knowed most of it, that man. I XifilViS Mving kitu mormeci. T-Tp. set down and ialkefi friendly satel Mmny o\lgkt to kav© com© to kizxij K© woolfi treat ker as a daxatiter j t\l©D, liis eyes filled with tears, and he tOOfe little Franky in bis arms, and told me their Alpbonse was dead, and Ms eldest son's wife wae a helpless invalid who wept night and day. I took my things and went up stairs with him to her room,— such a grand house ! —and there she was, a pale little creetur, that could duly jabber ill French ; but. baby Smiled on ber, — babies knows any language, — and sbe sbook hands kind, with me, and tbe upshot of tbe matter was X stayed tv weeks in tbeir house, till Franhie got ac quainted ivith the new nurse. I forgot to tell yon I never thought of that 08h till I was eating dinner three hours afterwards , and I jumped right up, and was running OUt, hut Henry's brother, a respectable solemn- looking tnan, sent one of the help out, and a bill there must have been, but be wouldn't let me Bettle. 'Fore I left news of Henry's deatb come, and upset tbetO all, and tbeu Xiewie and Annette was expected, and aB" I didn't want to see them two, -especially him, I went away. They sent a cordial inZ rite for Minny to come, bat I told them 1 1 gnessed she'd like America beat, as I do, where you ean tell what folks say when tbey are talking. 'The general give me to understand they wo Ad legally adopt Dranky, and X told 'em yon would sign any documents — as I bnow ycu would — for the hoy's sahe. Ee will have a fine property some day. I was awful lonesome going home : my old arms was empty, and I cried myself to sleep lots of nights. 1 1 will now close. Be good to Minny, Mr. , Oliver, and come down early and stay all i summer. ' IT ours to command, ' HAITififS FATXEIT,' Sometimes, as the years glide by, Mrs. Minny's arms are empty too , and her heart yearns for the little baby over the eea. Mo Other ehiM. has coin© to her, and her husband frowns at tbe mention of a journey to France; be is jealous of even tbe little bold tbe lost I baty Has on Her affections : so tH©r© is a i AHoto in Her HeA 9f reeosr Sfcyej toty is old i and eleepy; oris it herself who has no desire for play f Is she becoming grown-up and different f Will be love her jnst the same, perhaps more ? He must tire of her childish ness. But be does love ber, and so fondly. Oliver, on bis part, saw tbe decay of bis political prospects with calmness. XXe beard one day at the club something they did not wieh him him to hear, A fenot of men were discussing the possibility of his securing the nomination for governor in tbe coming eleotio n. 'ISeviv iti tho world,7 eatd one of hia friends. ' There is some story about bis wife x sbe does not go in society at all, — a pretty little thing. I wonder, though, how a man can throw away his future for a pretty face.' '"What was wrong?' ashed another. ' I'm not sure/ answered the first. ' I do know he married her the day after her hus band— that crazy French fellow He Restaud —died, and that ha ran away with her one night from ber borne up in the North Park. Oliver bad a shooting -box. there. You couldn't make h'm governor ; regular exodus of our wives to tbe East j tbey never would call on her.' The words stung Oliver a little ; hut that craning, when his wife ran to meet him at the door, wearing a little yellow gown , too, as in that night in the pas t, with Skye et her heels, be smiled in content. HoW infinitely small were all honors men might give man beside tbe real heart-happiness of love 1 He tboujjbt be would ratber be married tban be' President j and he blessed tbe kindly fate that led him to the valley of the Troublesome and the little Troublesome lady there. THE EITO, 