» TRY PEOPLE ENGLAND." rBv John Watson. M.A.. "Ian -Maclaren."] "When Thy people Irsael be smitten down before the enemy, because they have sinned against Thee, and shall turn again to Thee, and confess Thy name, and pray, and mate supplication .unto Thee in this house; then hear Thou m heaven, and forgive thesin of Thy people Israel, and bring them again unto the land which Thou gavest unto their fathers."—1 Kings vin. 33-34. My subject is "Thy people England,'" and I should say, since I believe people are sensitive, that "England" is, of course, used as the most convenient term for our Empire, since Great Britain does not include Ireland; and to use any term beyond Great Britain I think does not commend itself to one's sense of fit ness from its clumsiness. ' When Solomon dedicated the Temple of Jerusalem unto the Eternal and offered prayer for all sorts and conditions of men, he declared with emphatic and impressive reiteration the ancient and historic unity of his people. Israel, according to this inspiring thought, was not a mere aggregate of individuals or a series of generations that followed one upon another. It was an organic whole. The generations of Solomon's time were the children of their fathers in the fullest sense, the heirs of their faith and,loyalty, of their sacrifices and achievements. In order that there might be a people patriarchs had left their own land to be as strangers in the country which God promised to give them; prophets, judges, and kings had planned and toiled and died. If they were in their capital, and to worship God in their Temple, it was the harvest of a great sowing; it was the result of a great travail. The nation was not a heap of stones flung together; no, nor even a stately building like this one in which we worship, but a tree whose roots were struck into the past, and further-than the past, into the eternal; and whose ever - spreading branches bore evidence to the life within and afforded a shelter to all around. When anyone desires to understand what is meant by a nation he had better look unto God's people Israel first of all, for they fulfilled the_ two great conditions of national unity which have ever to be grasped by every man, rich and poor, that belongs to the common wealth, and are written as with fire into the commonwealth's conscience. The first is faith in God, and no nation has ever risen to greatness, and no nation, having arisen, has ever maintained its greatness ex cept so_ far as it believed in, and publicly as a nation, and privately ' by individuals, acknowledged Almighty God. There is this analogy between the individual and thenation, that an • individual is not able to say "I," with any intelligence of what "I" means, except in God ; and an individual is not able to say "I will," with any force in the will, except in God. It is in the Unseen and Eternal that we realise ourselves. It is in God also that a man realises .just and measured freedom ; that although there be' round about him grpat material^forces, they ' <-J ; I Of.V >• ■ -. £ cannot] crush him, and he is free from, them within his soul. Likewise, a nation is a body of people that comes to its con sciousness in God, and whose alone true and lasting liberties stand in God. This was the reason that the Hebrew prophets, when they spoke to the people, always lifted nationality above a mere question of ^frontiers and of blood, and went back to the God who called Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and who, in the generations between, had declared himself unto the national soul. . There was, according to these men—and this is one of the great majestic national ideas of Israel, and ought also to be of England—there was a covenant between God and the people; and when I say that, vou think at once of what is mystical and theological. I tell you the idea of the prophets was neither mystical nor theological, But what is in this case better far, ethical. It was the idea that in God i3 alone righteousness, and in a nation the duty of •obedience, _ and that the well- being of a nation consists in the under standing and fulfilment of the law of God. That was the covenant—obedience to the ten words on the part of the people; the duty of one man to his neighbor and all to the commonwealth; and on the part of the Eternal, succour in time of distress, com fort in time of sorrow, and such prosperity as would be good for them. It is a fact in history—that law. The nations that fulfil their side have the blessings of the Eternal and the nations that break their side go crashing and rotting to their doom. The other condition of national unity with Israel was vocation. Therefore the prophets were perpetually telling the people that their fathers had been called and blessed not for their own sake—and their is no man ever blessed for his own sake, but for the sake of the man that is next him—that their fathers had not been called and blessed for their own sake, but for the sake of the world. They were the receptors of a revelation, and received the torch of truth to pass it down from hand to hand, and every man to blow it brighter as it went from patriarch to prophet, from prophet to psalmist, from psalmist to martyr, till the day came when the nation could besent out, each man a torch- bearer, unto the ends of the earth, carrying the light of eternal truth. What was the message they were to carry to the world? The message^ they were to carry to the world was—the unity of God to begin with, but I put it in its practical form—was righteousness. As the Greek was raised up of God to give us the sense of beauty, so was the Jew raised up to give us what is far better than beauty—thesense ofrighteousness;and to write the ten words of Moses upon the con science of the individual and the conscience of the nation. As we now look back upon the history of God's people Israel we recognise the Divine purpose. Yes, though we be unbe lievers, we recognise a marvellous purpose and the marvellous beauty of the work to that end. They are a people separate from all other peoples to-day, and they are, a people deserv ing to be honored of all peoples, for notwith standing the many faults that may to-day he flung in the face of a Jew he is one of the strongest and the fittest men upon the face of the earth. There is ho nation that has not been the stronger through the Jew; no nation that cannot learn from the Jew;no city which has any just cause to complain of the Jew. Wherever I see them I recognise the people of God and pay them honor. But their mission is fulfilled and they now stand among the other nations, the brethren of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob having fulfilled their work and given the ten words unto the world. It is only, a3 it seems to me, the merest fancy, and, more than that, in contra diction with the catholicity of humanity de clared by Christ, that they shall to the end be a people separate and distinguished. Their work done, they have stepped among the ranks of the nations, ever to be_ remembered for their father's and their work's sake. Comes then the question—Is there any nation to-day that has, as it were, succeeded to a great and world-wide _ mission and a mission of the same practical and ethical nature as that which God gave to His people Israel ? A very important question, when you remember that God is the same yester day, to-day, and forever, and that the past, showing the purpose of the Eternal, is the guide by which you and I, wise folk or plain folk, can argue out the pur pose of the Eternal in the present. Is there any nation that has been secluded in its island home, and guarded round from other people so that the invader could not touch it; is there any nation that within its own home, being men of mixed blood, has gradually been welded together by common human sympathy and common faith in God; is there any nation that has gradually been led into a fuller sense of the truth of God, into political, and re ligious, and social liberty; is there any nation whose ordered and beneficient freedom is the admiration of every people, of its enemies and friends alike ? Einally, is there any nation whose members have gone unto the ends of the earth and wherever they have gone have been able to teach, to govern, to give justice unto the nations placed under their charge ? There is only one nation of whom these things can be said; only one nation with whose history you can draw out thiB analogy to Israel, and that is the English people. I dare therefore say that any man reading the Old Testament Scriptures and any man believing in the providence of Almighty God ; any man, especially, believing that what God hath done in the past He doeth in the present and much more abundantly, is entitled to say ."Thy people England" as truly,^without rebate, as fully, as ever king, or prophet, or psalmist said " Thy people Israel." With the same mean ing and for the same ends is England God's people. ' Perhaps at the first blush of it it may seem to you almost profane, because you have been accustomed to place the Jew so absolutely by himself that nothing whatever in his history is to be applied to the history of other nations, and no other nation ought to presume to occupy his place. Profane? Well, then there be two kinds of profanity. ' If that be pro fanity, I will venture to tell you another kind, and I count it worse. It is to suppose that God is not the God of the present at all, but only the God of the past; that indeed His whole work is contained within the period which is given in the history of the Bible, and that afterwards He sends out no prophet, He guides no ruler of a nation, He works no miracle, He makes not His way known in the pathways of history. It that faith ? Where is thy God then, and liast. thou to travel back to Jerusalem to find Him ? Hast thou to seek Him in the Temple? Is He not also in London, the capital of a yet greater people, always excepting the unique revelation they may have given us? He is not the God of the dead, but of the living. He is the living God, who worketh in the past and worketh also in the present; and to deny this, I take it, is immense profanity. To deny this is the climax of national and personal unbelief. One, however, may have a feeling that it is arrogant that a nation should assume to itself to play in the present day the r61e of Israel in the past—the rdle of giving righteousness unto the world. Let us lay to heart that there was nothing in the call of God to Israel that ought to have made any Hebrew proud with anything but a proper pride; for, O brethren, has God ever given a blessing to an individual, has He ever given_ a blessing^ to a family, that has not carried with it an enormous, an almost crushing responsibility? He chose Isaael, and so then—so then fie chastened Israel, and made Israel pass through a furnace hotter than that in which any nation walked. And why? That Israel might.be purified for the work which Israel had to do. Be sure of it, that if any nation has to-day to do the special work of the Eternal in the world, that nation shall have to suffer great trials in order that it may be cleansed; and that nation will have no cause to be heavy minded because of the great burden that shall be laid upon its mind and upon its conscience. When, therefore, we realise not in vain that England has this immense service to render to day for distant parts of the world that Israel did then, we are face to face with our sins. And this is a time to remember our sins. It is a good thing for a nation to understand how it stands, especially if it has such a work to do; and there are two sins which are being brought home to God's people in England in the present day. One of them is Pharisaism— the sin which afflicted Israel. Is it not, men and brethren, is it not a most significant as well as most painful fact that recent events in the world have shown us that we have hardly one, if we have one, cordial friend? Has it not emerged that if we be not hated we are at least disliked, and if we be not disliked at least we have not one love at the hands of neighboring nations ? We cannot deny the fact, although we may rebel against the reason. We say that the reason is that we are so prosperous and so enterprising; that we are so successful and pushing; that our very success has filled other nations with miserable envy aud jealousy. Perhaps we had better finish the matter by adding that we are so perfect and so good that they are also filled with envy and jealousy on that account, and then our self-conceit will be complete. Ought we not rather to ask ourselves whether as a nation—and having had this great favor of the Eternal as I am urging—whether, as a nation we have borne ourselves like the ser vant of God? Have we been as a nation courteous to foreign nations as we go bv_ indi viduals through their midst ? Have we, in our literature and in our press, always done justice to foreign peoples and never blown our trumpet, our brazen trumpet, loudly in their faces? Is our character such—the charac ter which we have earned through centuries— such that a foreigner will at once appreciate the goodness that is in us ? Perhaps of all classes the one that most distinctly has given charac ter to England up to the present time is the middle class—the class which has been, no doubt, up to this time a great strength to the realm, but the class which has, above all classes, a good conceit of itself. It, of all classes, per haps, has been-to the present the rnost careful, the most irreproachable; and it ha3 many sober and useful virtues, but I do not know that it has been lowly,_ and I do not know that it has been sympathetic. The other sin which we always realise in a national crisis, and at present, therefore, more than at other times, is the sin of Meterialism, which also greatly beset Israel. While Israel was a handful of farmers Israel was more or less spiritual. When Israel became rich and increased in goods, you have only to read the prophets to note how the race for wealth entered and the power of the rich and the suffering of the poor made an unhappy and miserable nation. We have grown rich, and I am told that we were never richer than at the present day. Bich in goods 1 I pray you to define goods: and when we define goods how are they defined ? I think it is the money in the Savings Bank, which is very good so far as it represents thrift and' intelligence, and the railways which we have made, which represent enterprise and the development of the country; these things and many other things. But these in themselves are not the goods of a nation. No, not exports and im ports, and population and money—these are not the goods of a nation. The goods of a nation are its intelligence; the goods of a nation are its integrity; the goods of a nation are its charity; the goods of a nation are its high and just spirit before God. Have you ever made a comparison between the England of Queens Victoria and Elizabeth ? for it seems there could be none between this enormously rich and smoky and toiling England and that poor England of Elizabeth's day; but it had greater writers than any man to-day and it had hearts at least as holy as any hearts to-day; and it stood for its freedom bravely and for the freedom, religious and political, of the world, did that little England of Queen Elizabeth. Wherefore be not too lifted up, but let us remember this, that if our nation ever decay, it will not be from any power from without or any unfaithfulness on the part of our God. It will be because some men have too much money and some other people have too little; and the west end of a city is one place, and the east end is another, and the west and the east they come not together. It will be because we are divided among our selves, and divided by the basest of all things—divided by money. No combination of Powers shall ever overcome England if England be true to herself, if England be true to her God, in justice between man and man. in charity and sympathy; When men were poor in Borne the rich and the poor loved oneahother. When they grew rich the city was wrecked. Wherefore we have to look to these things ; and then, having looked to these things, I will dare say that if we repent and cleanse ourselves of our want of sympathy and cleanse ourselves of our greed and pride; then'. I will dare say that this country need-hdfc' be afraid. I do not believe in a natioli-'tBeihg afraid of anyone except the Eternal; arid"the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. L6fc us realise ourselves and let us pray God to send us prophets that on the one hand will tell us our sins to our faces, but on the other hand will tell us that the God of our fathers is our God too and that He will guide us and use us for the great ends of His providence. You say "Eor what?' There is no nation on the face of the earth can govern as England can, with all the faults of her men] and with all the want of sympathy which they show many foreign races. There is nobody just now in the world denies that Eng land can govern—govern in the highest sense, too; not put men merely in gaol and hold people down by bayonets; no, but give order to a country, and give justice to a country, protect the' poor from the oppressor and put the rich man in his place. Other nations have not that power. They have failed in it, both Erench and German, with all the brilliance of the one and all the scientific achieve mants of the other; and England has succeeded, and to that end she is God's people. Consider what has been done for India,- and the work is not yet complete. Consider what has been done for Africa. Con sider what has been done for countries that I cannot mention, where women now are safe and where there is peace and prosperity. Her Governors are not always loved personally, not having the gracious manner that it would be well we had, but there is a belief in the justice of English government which to me is a proof —one of the proofs—that we are God's people England. Tnerefore let us do our work and not be afraid. Let us hold'to all the heritage God gave us for this end and not allow it to be taken from our hand; not merely and not at all principally for the sake of commerce, but that we may do the work God gave us to do. To that end let us make any sacrifices, and to that end let us support the Government out and out, because it has a mission. That is patriotism raised up, not a base and mercenary patriotism, but a sense of an important work to do to which we have put our hands and which we must finisti before set of sun. • Ah, brethren, let us- thank God for our fathers behind us and the way God lead us, Let us feel our great responsibility and_ en deavor to realise it by ourselves in our families and in our own lives, fearing God and doing righteousness and so fulfilling the will of God. The God of Bethel, as we sing, shall be our God also, and to Him, Father, Son, and_Holy Ghost, one God, be glory, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end, Amen. 