BRAYBROOK. NOTES. (From our. orrespondent). ;The holidays, have conie.and gone as usual--the only excitement we had was an open air concert by the district brass band,; which is. entitled to great bredit"for its performances. I hear that shortly: the band willgive a banquet to its supporteis and admirers, when, iii' additioin to;the usual substantial chgeri-a sios6harmoli oius entertainesent? will bb prcovided.i The property of the Melbourne Ore Smelting Company :has `changed hiiands, and I. Carn, the new proprietor, intends to .carry on operations with more vigor than the old ones did: We are waiting to hear the o"'stamps." going, even the noise would lie a relief.. The Implement Company has not yet started Work, which adds to the general dulness. =Your readers have probably heir of the B1raybrook Shire Pound. `This un fortunate municipal institution hais the reputation of being haunted. Some time ago i dozen. or so stray: cattle, were put therein for safe keseping, but by morning they were quietly grazing on the owirer's premises. Great was the consteniation, and as "no explanationr :as forthcoming, the ghost of some free ,and independent 'dweller of .the plains got theblame, Thlie W'irue7 Councillors, a somewhat superstiti ous proceeding,; declined to touch the : business. Since then a few sheep were duly placed within the pound fences, but Sin some remarkable way they got out and were found wandering hotnewarde, Pound keepers,, Acts of Parliament, :and Shire s Councillors notwithstanding. '. Saxon, I Norman and Dane are we" said the late poet Laureate, and 'the old Viking spirit f will not permit us to quietly sit down, t while other people-put our cattle into the hands of the municipal pound- keeper. I The British Lion just now is getting I roused, and is engaged in warlike demon stations. Let no one, then, think we will submit to have our hungry stock " run in." without an effort on our part to run 'them out. No Sir ! This is a free country, and we live in stirring time when such things cannot be patiently endured. Following up the policy of retrench ment, the Railway Department has re moved the signal box from the Junction of the Ballarat and the Main line where it formerly stood; and placed it close to the station, where it is proposed that the station-master and portershall,. in addition to their other duties, perform those of three sigisalmen who will be provided for elsewhere. These alterations have some what interfered with the crossing over the line and at present the state of affiirs is inconvenient and dangerous. It is to be hoped that the railway authorities wvill show a little more regard to public safety and comfort before disposing of this" business.: - The. fame of Braybrook h.is been in' everyone's mouth la tely, not to say every one's nose, but in tle fight with the Board of health, wo caime out fairly "o on,top.". It:was a'bit-of ji srcrinih'ii ,ge: thug, ,-rnd we expect to be all thiebetter fdr it. i time to comne. We :n'c t help thinking that the officers of the Board awere some thing like " Miss Feely " in Aunt Dinah's kitchen, and. that they did ni6t have sufficient regard to the circumsteinces of the case. Hlowever, when once we get finished up and well set going on the high' road to improvement, we shall astonish those fastidious officials with the pace weo slall make. I hear that now they have done with Braybrook, the officers of the Board intend to make the City Abattoirs people " sit up." Things would have looked very different for the much abused Shire of 'Braybrook, if a well-known medical man, who lives not a hundred miles from Footscray, could have .got in one or two straight hits from the shoulder on its behalf at the first of the encounter. The Shire representatives had no fight in them and took their drubbing like lambs. Neverthless we have begun the year with good resolutions and mean to " forget and forgive" as Tom Paul says; and we don't bear any malice towards Dr. Gresswell and his brigade. Recently the plantation of the State School ground was injured by some un seen Vandal who pulled up a number of the trees. The police have the matter in hand but the chance of finding the scoundrel is not very promising. During thle holidays we lost a most use. ful and energetic member of our little community, Mr H. T. Barnett, not by death or some other stroke of providence, but by marriage. Mr Barnett, who has for the past thirteen years been closely associated with the Wesleyan Church and Sunday School, in which he held office of steward and superintendent, severed his connection with these offices on his marriage, and has fixed his residence in Richmond. His inany friends here, who fully recognise his usefulness and activity, follow him with their good wishes, though they greatly feel the, loss of his services and help. 