SELECTIONS rROHwTKf)TL" FIB. 13. The Queen contemplates conferring a Dokedom npon Princess Beatrice, with remainder to her eons. It is probable, if intention is carried out, that the Princess wiU be created Dnchea of Kent. Paris vani bun tint messe : so Henri IV. the Protestant became King of France and eldest son of the cborcb. But this conversion is nothing io comparison with what is termed in the newspapers 'the conversion of Prince Boris.1 The main contention tetween the Koman Catholic and the Greek Chnrcb is whether the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and the Son, or from the Father alone. Not knowing, and not perceiving any way in which 1 can know, I do not venture to offer an opinion on this subject. Prince Boris, aged three, has beeo, it wooH seem, a fervent believer in the former view, and be haB now been converted ' to the latter ; and so his father is to remain the ruler of Bulgaria, and Prince Boris is to sneered him. If anything conld bring religion into ridicule and contempt, it is a conversion of this description. Bat the minor German Royalties have always been ready to believe anything in the matter of religion which may serve their temporal in terests. In some German Royal Familiesthe daughters are taught the dogmas of every religions sect, in order that they may with a perfect indifference of judgment be ready to adopt those of the sect to which any Royalty worth marrying belongs. What a crew ! The conduct of Prinoe Ferdinand seems all the more exceptionally contemptible as on his marriage uc gave » duiviuu picuge (.oat X06 issue should be brought up as Roman Catholics. The following story Is sent me apropos of the disfavour with which the bicycles of Lord Brassey and hie family are regarded io Victoria, The Goveroer bad been for an afternoon ride on bis machine, and late in the afternooo lost bis way io Fiteroy i Gardens, Melbourne. He inquired of a stalwart Irish policeman the way out. The Melbonrne police have a reputation for their free-and-easy manners, and the constable replied by laying his hand on the Governor's ' ehonlder and pointing to a distant gate. Tea, old man,' be e&id;, 'that's the way oat, \- and be d d shirp oat of it, or yoa'Jl be getting yourself Into trouble.' By the way, I never see a person cycling without wondering that those who tarn their attention to new inventions connected with bicycles do not endeavour to discover some means by which the machine would stand npright when not moving on. As it is, a person has to move on or to get off. And yet one would suppose that this objection to cycling might be overcome by some invention —nay, indeed, that ao inventor might find a means of enabling any one to ride a machine without having to balance it. The idea seems to be that every one wants to go at the rate of twenty miles an hour, whereas most . people woold prefer to go comfortably at a very mnch lower rate. There is a worthy citizen of St. Louis, known to the vnlgir as James Arbuckle, senior — his correct designation is. he says, James the Graeme Ar-bockle — who claims to be a direct descendant of the ancient Pictish Kings. He has revealed himself in a porten tous communication to a Scotch nobleman, in which lie sets forth the genealogy and traditaonB of his exalted race in a style ir resistibly reminding one of Thackeray's burlesque history of the illustrious house of Be Mogyns. To the narrative of the doughty deeds the early Arbackles performed with their battle-axes, James the Graeme appends .an account of his own not less remarkable ovuii.t«iuuiW OB ft U811&er; and trader, ud he talks, though somewhat obscurely, of his desire to regain the family lands. What his precise game is jest it present does not appear ; but the recipient of Lis confidences thosght that a little publicl y might be useful, and, if nothing else is re quired, James's state of mind certainly demands the attention of his friends. The annual report of the University of Edinburgh, which was issued the other day, shows that daring the past year there was 2,836 matriculated students (including 167 women), of whom 1,475 belonged to the Faculty of Medicine, 710 in the Faculty of Arts, 438 in the Faculty of Law, 134 iD the f aculty of Science, 71 in the Faculty of Divi nity, and 8 in the Faculty of Music. The total value of the University Fellowships, Scholarships, and other prizes is nearly £15,500 a year, of which £8,740 belongs to the Faculty of Arts, £2,800 to the Facolty of Medicine, £1,780 to the Faculty of Divi nity, £1.600 to tbc Faculty of Science, £520 to the Faculty of Law, and £120 to the Faculty of Music. Another puzzling feature in the character of the Anglican cleric is his propensity for bringing odium and contempt upon himself by the creation of burial scandals. The other day the Rev. Canon Hooghtoo, Vicar of Blockley, officiated at a funeral, the first part of the service taking place io the parish church and the interment in the cemetery, which is half a mile away. At the cemetery the mourners were joined by a lady who had not fouDd it convenient to go to the church. But it seems that it is against the vicar's ' rule ' for anybody to be admitted to the cemetery who has not been present at the whole service, end rather than enffer this precious rule to be infringed, his reverence caused a scene at the graveside by refusing to proceed with the bortal while the lady re mained. No being, like this arrogant priest, destitute of respect or considerztioo for the feelings of the bereaved,ahe put an end to the painful situation by retiring from the ceme. tery. A correspondent tells me that I have missed an important point in connection with the story of the Darwin Memorial at Skrewc- fauiy— namely, that the destruction of the spire of St. Mary's Church followed closely upon the opening of the Memorial Fand ; and that the disaster was at once interpreted by a local cleric as a mark of the Divine dii- , , pleasure at the proposal to commemorate Darwin's memory. I seem to remember now that I heard of this cleric's opinion at the time. I confess, however, thatldouotquita follow the reasoning of the pious people who on this account would subscribe to reboild the spire while declining to contribute to th" statue. Supposing that the statue is erect- ed after all, we must assume, I suppose, that the spire will be destroyed agate. Would it not have been better to have had a distinct understanding that the statue should be pot : op somewhere dee before spending £10 000 on rebuilding the spire ? Again, so far as the perpetuation of Darwin's memory is concern- . ed, what matters a statue mo.e or less while his works remain? After the cherch -spire disaster, ought not all the copies of Darwin's books in Shrewsbury to have been collected and burned ? A body of old women called the Plympton Guardians, have just declined an invitation from the manager of the Plymouth Theatre for the Workhouse children to attend- the pantomime. , There is nothing new in such a manifestation of sour and ignorant Puri tanism, bat I have never Seen that evil spirit morazcrottnpy snpa«».fc toe'-speech «f» Mre.Bewes, who -took thejesd in op posing the inriintion. Said this good .lady — It was notorious toatchiidren became struck with the' faamnatidn of the 'toeatre, and. as the responsible goardinna of the juvenile in- matee,it should be the aim of lb t Board toaee" that their future life was not marred by any . unwise action on their part.'.' "They were be- more impressed with the DCOOUtty w temovinff Ml %pmnl«K>sea she ?g-l0t-<ftadrp- 14 " ith regret : confessed that the behaviour .ofthe chii- PIymouth perfectly shocking, whilst some of the back Men of 1 Plymouth were really mwM? Stt. Charles Elliott, whose remarkable speech -on iphriog from the Iieoteoant- Govemorehip of . Bengal was lately noticed m Truth, was e vidently not alone ih acting upon the principle that the efficiency of f magistrate in Jodie most he judged jw the \- number of convictions he is able to .how I '0.ntt «>e .. of the first official resolution t>f Sir Antony rasoaqnflieu, trie litentensiit-GoTerfior of the ? , Northwest Provinces, » European assistant- ntawrdeputy magistrate , are publicly taken tohuktfor the low per- oentage of convictions In 'cases tttedby them.' There oonld scarcely he a stronger pteeboferideooe an support cf thedemud \- »Licb l« faeuffdnade for. the release oftoe judyaaryfrom toetiqlpferamtirebffitieCT. ' Jf®« « » ««»y Btoiamnje of thpftW \- oi nauom poacyae samc aaopted'hy high: xecutive offioera like Sir Charles Elliott ahd Antony , Maodocnell. .Ahoy ofl2«sj. "aa>0W tShOffenceof Hoting, tfaefiqfa-' tim befag ihat he hid acted eansihglatder I o fa body of armed men. The evidence J fHntldmvMflfsanuit flimsy and impo. : . ' - f "h;: ' ' bable character, bat nevertheless Mr. F-— -i' eentenoed this child to undergo a whipping of ten stripes, and furthermore fined him twenty-five rupees for contempt of court by chewing a betel-nut while he stood ih the dock ! Ae it happened, the boy belonged to a wealthy family, and there was an ap'pBsi to the High Court at Calcutta, with the result needless to eay, that both the whipping and the fine were set aside. Mr. Justice Trevel- yan remarked that the case had been ' liadly prosecuted, badly defended, and badly tried — it was not easy to say which was worst. Yet under the system which at present pre vails this Mr. Russell isrnore likely t > be rewarded than reprimanded by his superiors in the Executive. It is quite a mistake to suppose that the old litigious spirit -is extinct iu Scotland. Lord Cockboru states iu his interesting reminiscences that in his younger days an advocate who had got hold of a good caie was regarded as being practically provided' for. Two Morayshire farmers recently had a dis pute about a black polled ox, which resulted in an action in the Sheriff Substitute's Court. The defeated party appealed to the sheriff and was eacoesefol, but his opponent carried the case to the Court of Session, which has reversed the Sheriff's decision. The leiult is that about £300 has been wasted io litigation about the ownership of a beast of the value of £19. Another example of the lamentable short comings of the present bankruptcy law, in spite of repeated amendments, is famished by the trustees' account of the estate of a Mr. Nevill, which has been wound np in the Yar mouth County Court, the trustee being Mr. Percy Mason, 54, Greaham -street. This it has taken five years to achieve the results now shown. These are the results : The assets realised amounted to £1,118. 5s. The Beard of Trade took £86 of this amount, the trustee £169, the auctioneer £85, the shorthand writer £14; £648 lis 51 was frittered away in law costs, and another £61 in incidental outlay ' After all these interests had been satisfied, there remaioed for the creditore the sum of £19. 19s. lid. oat of the £1,118 realised. Io >11, no less than £1,098 has been speot over a period of five years in order t > obtain something under £20 for the creditore. A more flagrant sample of the abases of bankruptcy administration I have never come across, and the law onder which such things can happen is nothing but a mockery and a delusion. Some light on the way useless law-costs are piled up io Btukroptcy administration is affuided by a note appended to his statement of accounts by the trustee of a Mr. Strike whoee estate has been wound up in tbe Wind sor County Coort. The realised nnrta amounted to £307- 18s. 9d. Out of this the creditore received the modest portion of £25. ISs. 3d, equivalent to 10£d. in the £. The bulk of the costs fall ooder tbe bead of "law- costs after receiving order' (£140. 19 j. 8d.J, which the trustee thus explains; 'The heavy item of law-costs was doe to tbe bank rupt stating that he had an interest in Messrs. Belcher's brickfields, bat the County Court Judge decided that the partnership ceased in 1 891, and the case was dismissed with coste.' In other words, £141 was spent on the fntile attempt to realise a doubtful asset, the doubtfulness of which ooght to have been fnlly ascertained before the litigation commenced. What seems to me to be wanted in bankruptcy more than anything else, is some close restriction upon the power of trnatees to fritter away what assets there are in specnlative litigation of this kind. In the above instance the amount spent on litigation represents a dividend of nearly 5s. in the £. Can any one suppose that if the general body of creditors were asked whether they woold take this in the £ in m«Vi nt- a-nnlJ it on tbe remote chance of making it into 10s or 15s., they would hesitate about taking it? I don't It is quite refreshing to have to notice a recent sentence which is iiound to elicit un qualified approbation. Ao Bast End firm of potted-meat manufacturers who had been convicted of having in their possession quantities of nnsuond and unwholesome tioDed meat, for sale as human food, were recently brought up before the Recorder for sentence. It was urged by their counsel that a pecuniary fine should be indicted, but Sir Charles Hall, commenting npon the reck less disregard of the health of the public manifested in this case— one of tbe worst that had ever been before him — declined to exercise the option he had of punishing the defendants by a fine, and sent each ol the members of the firm to prison for six months with hard laboor. This is a sentence which will be likely to have iti doe weight with intending rogoes, thongh it is a pity that the Rec rdr.r could not have ordered that the firm should be fed solely on their own potted meat during ;he term of their incarceration. At Sontbport there is a female usurer who osn hold her own with the most insatiable blood-suckers of the inferior sex Mrs. Elizabeth Dirlov is the lady's name. A coachman borrowed £8 from her, and in the course of a year or so paid back £14. 6a. This, however, was far from satisfying Mrs! Darlow, and when the unfortunate man got into default with bis farther payments, she served him with a writ, upon which she last month obtained judgment for £57. 8h 5d., the interest she had charged being at the modest rate of 625 per cent, per annum. The coachman is now insolvent, sod it is satis factory to Sod, from the statement of his affaire in the Liverpool Bankruptcy Court that bis estate is not likely to yield Dsrlow a fraction of tbe £57. 8s. 5d. This Mrs. Shy- lock is, I believe, pretty well known In her own district ; but a woman with such a re markable talent for extortion merits a wider publicity. A turf-tout, 'named lane, bailing from Wych-street, has devised a novel and killing bait for simpletons. He invites them to take guinea abates in a quadruped managed by him, tbe guineas to be pstd by cheques crossed City Bank. Hie circular, which is an interesting document, explains that his offer enables bis patrons to become part owners of tbe animal ' with all the advan tages of a sole owner.' , The advantages of a sole owner, in Line's estimation, seem to be summed up in the privilege (1) of receiving a weekly account of expenditure and win nings j (2 j of paying 4s. per share per week towards the expenses ; (3) of receiving an unascertained and uo&scertainable; proportion of any winnings, no information being given as to the number of shareholders ; (44 of backing tbe bone at starting prioe when he f uns. As a contribution .to the lunacy sta tistics of the United Kingdom. I trust that ttae will inform tire pnblic how many mis guided mooncalves have applied for this pre cious guinea's worth. 