i GOM'PIiBTB;/. ST6ryV [NOW FXBST Pimr.THTT gp *j • The Haunted Room at the Foresters' Arms* HERBERT RUSSELL, Author;t of A - Conflict in- a Tunnel," 11 Au Attempt at Blackmail," &o.; [all QUEENSLAND BI0HT3. BESBBVKD*] -I-had riddea 'du-.'my .biojcle' tlirongh': tho picturesque, hill-encircled old city"of Bath at seven o'clock'on abeautffuT summer's even-. iugf • and 'by the time that-1' -had arrived" at the little, village of 'Box,.-lying !some five miles .beyond,. upon the London road, the flush of the' sunset was dying out' of the northern sky, and the' long shadows oE the coming darkness were creeping, apace over the, country around. Therefore ! determined upon spending the night in the quaint village," familiar to moat - travellers Von tho Great Western railway by reason of the long tunnel which passes beneath tho hill npon which it is built, and bears its name.'- I hailed a. rustic-looking, policeman who was leaning' upon his walking' stick at the corner of the short, irregular street, and asked whether he could recommend me to a good comfortable hostelry.;.* ' "Why, yes, -zur," he answered in the broad dialect of . the west'county; " 'ee couldn't do' better than go to the Foresters' Arms, just opposite the old church, away down yonder." I thanked him and rode on .to the inn. Dismounting, I leaned ray bicycle against the white?washed wall of. the house, and paused a moment to admire the soft and tender English picture, of the little church opposite, standing in -dark, sharp outline . against the expiring hectic in the heavens beyond, with a star or two already beginning to twinkle pale and wan over the staff on top of the turreted spire; a. mellow-toned bell. was sounding in trembling vibrations through tho-lattice'of ! tho belfry, and the air was foil of the «hrfll i tweeting of swallows circling ronnd about ; tho dusky tower. .Then I looked up at the hostelry'; It was a typical, old-fashioned, rural inn; long, low, and strangling; with a great signboard projecting over the en trance,, .bearing the design of what was evidently intended to bo Robin Hood in His archer's costume of Lincoln green. I passed through the low-pitched,. narrow door, and came into a snug-looking bar, lighted by two or three oil lamps, in' which were seated some i half dozen country, men around'a long, deal i table, smoking and drinking. Behind the counter stood a good-looking buxom young woman, and in the background was a man in his shirt sleeves, polishing glassesi - ' "Good evening," said I. | " Good,evening, sir," answered the buxom young woman, with a bustling air of hos pitality. • * " Can I hayo a room here for tho night? " I inquired. .Upon this she looked at me dubiously for a 'moment. 44 Well;" said she, 4f to-morrowis I tho horse show day. in Bath, and that mikes us rather full. * . There's one room, how ever——she paused; ' One is allrtliat I require," said I. 14 Ay, but you mightn't care to occupy this one," she exclaimed. . "And why not?" , said I. " "Is it haunted?" ' - "That's just what it is!" cried she with a look of .-surprise; " " You've heard about it?" . , V ;"V s. "Not L This is the first time I was ever in the village of Box in ray life. • Has any body ever seen tho ghost?" " "No," she.answered, 44but plenty have beard it" ' . ' . • ' \44 "Well, if the fact of its being, haunted is the only objection to the room. I do not mind sleeping in it. I am not a believer in ghosts. Still, it was honest of yon to tell me about it, and I am obliged." "Then if you are prepared to sleep in the haunted room wo can pat yon tip," said Bhe. I requested the barman to placo my bicycle under cover, and asked to have some sapper. On this I. was shown into a littlo parlour, with high wainscottirig and a low timber ceiling, and thero regaled myself, froin'a round of cold beef, washed down', by ."a draughty of nut-brown home-brewed beer.* The young' woman' lingered "in. tho room whilst I ate, atid'I questioned her further concerning tide haunted chamber. She could not "tell me tho'origin'of the. superstition relating to it,' but'assured me that ino3t people who had slept in'it within her recollec tion. complained of ' having ■ heard strange" noises in-the wulls,- as though of skeletons distorting themselves,' and several " of them declared they had seen vague pallid shapes flitting about in the darkness. Sho .admitted to me, in confidence, that'sho looked npon my resolution as a prodigy of valour, and that for her own part nothing conld induce her to pass'a"night'in the' place. •' "When I had finished my meal,* I went again into the bar, and there.sat' awhile? smoking my pipe, and listening to tho views Df the villagers upon several -questions' of great national moment; By' tho. way, it is surprising with what 'ease yonr' pot-hduse' phiiosbpher disposea'v.df tho. most knotty problems of tho day; Then, intending to be ip and away by sunrise on tho morrow, I rose,. and1 aakedtobe shown to1 the ghost inhabited apartment where; I was to'* deep. The/barman prbcureda candle. and led me up a narrow wrafflng staircase, which creaked beneath our.tread.'1 I askedhimwhat the age of this honse was, and he replied, he believed it to be above :a couple of centuries old, and that it was slightly famous as having long since been the resort of a notorious highway man, known as Fleecy Joe. "Here's your room, sir,"'said he, and rnirig the door, he admitted me into a bed mber of very prosaio appearance,' furnished with a ponderona-lookitig four-poster, gaunt and naked for tho want of drapery; The man set the candle down upon, the chest of drawers, then, wirfhing mo- good night,' he wentout, closing the door after him. ' " .There was but one window in .the room, screened'with a green frieze blind. I stepped across to it,.and peered ont. Right opposite rose the black shape of the old . church, and hum this elevation X'conld look over the wall surrounding the.graveyard, ahd see the pale glimmering outlines of the tombs, showing like white streaks upon the grass m tho ravs of the moon. Ha 1 thought I, there.alone lies a fruitful source of inspiration in the ghost line. - But what troubled me more just then than any considerations of goblins or spectres was to observe that large, "watery-looking clouds were beginning to sail slowly across the clear indigo of too' "sky, as r though a change of weatotr were coming along before j '■I leisurely undressed myself, - and getting into;the bod—whose framework groaned4in a .most distressing manner .to my .' every .move ment—-X- blew 'out the candle. Although I was. wearied from too effects of a fifty-mile rido since daybreak that morning, and believed that I shouldhave goue -fast asleep as soon as my head touched the- pillow, I lay for a long while after I had got .between the sheets with my .eyes wide open, staring up at the fitful shadows upon the ceiling,- made by the coming and going.of the.mooh behind the bodies of vapour, and straining ipy ears, almost unconsciously, to catch nny^noiseih thoValls. Bnt all remained perfectly silent, save for the soft murmuring of .the wind, whioh waa -beginning. Very Sightly to rise, and the occasional gentle creak of the sign board hanging directly beneath my window. I heard the chimes of the clock in the adjoin (ing church-tower- strike the hour.' of eleven, j after which I sank into a deep slumber.. ! I was awakened by a subdued roaring j noise, and opened my eyes upon an. atraos j phere of intense darkness. As 6obn as Ihad | in some measure collected ray wits, I realised ! that a gale of wind, was blowing outside. : I lay for a while listening to the gusts bursting in great gnns against toe house, and moaning like • thunder, heard afar in the chimney, of the wide old- fashioned fireplace.- On a sudden X heard a sound as of a faint tapping inside the wall somewhere at the back of toe bed: a feeble, metallic kind of clinking, 'such as might be made by chipping the masonry with a small hathmer.- The recollection that I was in a room, reputed, to be haunted instantly rashed in upon me, and I hastily sat up to listen, not a little startled. The noise ceased at that moment, bnt in a very short tirao it recommenced, and by bearkening'atteritively, I speedily determined that it proceeded from the direction of the grate. I,am free to ad mit that my first impulse was to spring ont of bed and run from tho room, for although X had given ho'credence to the ghost story con nected-with thia apartmeut, yet here, unmis takably. was that mysterious sound of which the bnxom youug woman had spoken, and who was to say that too next thing might not be the apparition of some dim, pale spectre, : shaping itself in.an impalpable essence upon the blackness ? . But comiaou sense got tho i better of this momentary feeling of panic, and. I began to reason with myself, the s range, clinking sound meanwhile continuing, with an occasional pause iu its muffled resonance. Groping for the candle which I had placed'un a chair by my side, I struck a match and got alight. The sweep of th6 wind out of doors created a strong draught, and'the flame wavered fitfully, filling the room with wildly fleeting' shadows.. • The longer. I:listened tho more certain X was that the noise came frbm the" fireplace. I got quietly out of bed, and holding tho candle in-ray bund, crept over to tbe'grate, the better to hearkem The wind droned and sighed high up in the-wide orifice of the * chimney,' uttering many strange, weird c'ries, as though, forsooth, the spirits of toe dead lying in the cemetery opposite were assembled there to.give vent to their laraenfai tiohS-and wailings. But the .slow, rythmic click, click, cliok reached my "ears in a per fectly audible note now, and' I was satisfied that, let ; the occasion of it urove-'whafcati ' would, the sound came down tno chimrieyv v; '. This discovery, trifling as it was, created in me a resolution to make further explorations, and try and arrive at. a solution of the mystery. I was youn^ in those days, with iron-hard aerves, ana a great capacity of patting matter-of-fact. interpretations upon things which people might accept as super- ■ natural, and though indeed my first emotion ; on hearing the noise had been one of alarm, amounting very' nearly to consternation, yet that gave placo to a feeling of curiosity. I partially clothed myself, and then returned to the fireplace to listen. Tho grate was of au . ancieut pattern, with a wide.yawning chim ney, such as thoy built in the days wnenlittle 1 boys were sent up as sweeps.. . X stooped so as to clear tho edgo of tho chimney-piece, and i put my head into thov aperture, grasping „toe < candle in one hand and the poker iutue other, i The "strong damp down-draught ciado toe i light fiioker "'and start; tho scoV- covered ' walls absorbed toe feeble illumination, and I i wuld see nothing, though the hollow, clink- ; ing'noise' now Rounded close to my' ear. X 1 began to stroko down toe grimy brickwork 1 with the poker: I held, to. try and discover 1 whether therewere any irregularities' in it i ind oooafound that there .existed, u land of-' icdge on each side of the chimney, abont-thtee j i feet, up, , Stepping: upon the bars of the fire place, t wos enabled to bring myheadonto a level with theso openings in the wall. I held the candle as .-far back" as the length of my arm wouldadmitMo ascertain the extent of the orifice, and by so doing carried the light clear of the * draught coming. down' the. chimney, so that' it burnt up steadily, • the ledges Ifound went'for about a couple, of feet into the sides of the shaft, and were liko - small cmbniiinrcs in the solid masonry, "for what purpose designed I could hotposribly imagine. The soot lay in a dense paU»lik& covering of at least one inch thick* upon the floors of these openings, indeed, from-the condition of the wall I was snre that no sweep's brush had been up there for many a year. The-ghostly. noise seemed' to me'to proceed from the leage on my right. Plant ing ray shoulders against the -back of the chimney to steady myself, for my footing upon the bars was by no means secure, X held "the .candle against'that part of the brick-: work to try and ascertain the eanse of this' mystery. • The wavering flame fell with a faint glint upon seme dully bright object, swaying to - and fro against' the raylcss surface of soot. I brought the light, close;, shielding it after a.fashion with the hand ' which "held; the poker," and- then to my unutterable astonishment I perceived a stout gold watch-chain banging * over the edge of the shelf, with a large bunch of coins and seals attached to the end of it," which, as the thing 'swayed in the • strong'. gusts, of air! coming down from. the top clinked, against the bricks and created the faint hollow sound of tapping, liko an imprisoned skeleton. tryiug to claw his way out with his bony ; fingers. ' I This to be sure was a strange discovery, and one of a very "different nature to what I bad expected.:*I dropped the poker, that fell with a noisy clatter into the grate beneath, and took hold of the.chain. A small object of 'considerable weight was attached to that end of it which woa.buried in the soot;- itr proved to be a massive gold. watch of very antique pattern," all blackened and tarniBbed, but .in perfect condition, so far as .I could make out by the nncertain candle light. * . So here, thought I, is the secret of the haunted room-in the Foresters' Arm3; some part of the. booty maybe of the long since . departed worthy, Fleecy Joe. And then, it occurred, to me. that there, might" be other, things hidden; in-that dark'mysterious chimney; sol once more got hold of^tho poker. and began raking about among tho soot which : covered the. ledge. In tho receptacle from which I had taken the watcil I found nothing ; though I scraped and poked into every: nook and corner of itbut ontheother aide, after raking about' for a' while, I felt.'something lying against the. wall at the hack. I hooked it along towards e, and- then discovered it was a small* leathern bas*, bulgy with its contents, .and dyed to. the hue of the soot beneath which it had lain. My heartbeat fast, fori guessed what it held. Satisfied that there , was nothing farther for me to find, I dismounted from the grate and got upon the floor again, blacker than the.most ebony-like of cannibals. My fingers' trembled with agitation .as 1.1 untied the string which bound the neck of . the little bag,'and opened it. An exclamation escaped my lips. * The bag was full of gold coins. I emptied them on the hearthrug .to count them. They proved to bo all spado guineas and .half-guineas, and there were» thirty-nine of them in all.. - : .. X slept no • more that night. . Haying cleaned myself of the soot in the best fashion I could icontrive, I dressed folly, :and sat. down to wait for daylight. They, wore early risers at .this little country inn, and whilst the . windy ricywas; growing flushed, in the east to the soaring of the sun, and the clock in the old church opposite was striking the hoar of five," I beam- the footsteps of people up and about.' I left my room, and went . downstairs, carrying the bag of guineas in one pocket,* and tbe watch and churn lu the . other. Tn the bar' I met tho buxom young woman, very fresh and.-smiling. - I have discovered the ghost,'' saidl. •• "Ko ! " she .cried; "Have you realty seen it?" . . . • : "I have done -more," said I; " I have , brought it to show yon." * I thereupon produced the articles, and. " briefly related my story. - She listened with. eyes rounded" by astonishment, and when I \ bad done, bounded off to fetch her mother, a. decrepit old woman,* the landlady of the - house,' who presently :;appeared in a red flannel jacket. There was a. long dobato as to what should-be-dbtla with this treasure , trove, as I had no idea1 of giviDg the wbolo: of it up; It was finally' agreed* that I should keep, the watch-and chain, together with fiva of 'the guineas and five of tho half- guineas^ tho remainder to goto the landlady.- Th« buxom young . woman appeared to be prodigiously delighted at ray discovery, and when an hour later T asked for tlie reckoning, . she refused to receive any money from me^ coming to the door to watch me mount my . bicycle, and calling after me as I rode off that she hoped I; would come again and put np at the Foresters' Arms. 