CURRKNT TOPICS. JPttOUBNADB OOÍÍCEET A.Kt) B,ALt.. — the festive season is coming down upon us, not • like a thief in the night, or a wòlf on th ! fold, hut like a host of wingless angels clad in shimmering lace, and qatin, and lovel.r transparent muslin, to intoxicate pour impressionable man. Christmas is the season of rejoicing, a net the season at which man most easily falls a victim to the fascination o!" woman. In view of tíás iuôvitable contingency tlie Doma Mungi Recreation Hall throws wide its doors foi' tlij initial byi of the festive season on Christmas Eve and a second time on New Year's Eve. The ! well-known successful management c,f thi^ I favoutite place of recreative resort is sure • ^ , . j i. ^ to attract a large and select crowd of patrons |qDi oc.e(Vsioaa. Full particulars may be I- b'sVn hi our ?dv«rt'9iii •sling coltimn«. -vi-—: Wiiaii- ÍMR Stkn9a.ro AÍkan?— Under this VJfcgúe query appeared a paragraph in onr last issue which appears to have «rounded our contemporary's representative. That any misconception of . the ridiculous statement should have caused him a moment's irritation is to us a matter qf much regret. Though an occasional paragraph l^appons at times to be written in a spirit of badinage rather than in seriousness —and this was one of them-they are névjer intended to inflict individual p*in. . Had we supposed for a moment that anyone would - have read tho paragraph seriously,' "we would be quite as disposed to state-rand the statement would be just as near réality—that the equivocal benevolencc alluded to was intended for ourselves. The very ?,bstU'dity of tlie suggestion robbed it, to out thinking, of the posssibility' of anybody accepting the statement seriously. When read in. connection with the last Answer to Correspondents iu thd same issue, this view of tlfè. càsíá Becomes at once apparent.. Soddím Dkatu.—The death of Robert Chambers, c^evk at the Great doutliéçn, will be heard of with universal regret. During the performance of his Clerical duties about-'noon qn iHst Wednesday tie was suddenly seize I with a lit. Though Dr. D^ane w.M promptly called iu the sufferer never rég.iine l consciousness and died^at his residence e irly on Friday inoitning. The cause of death is attributed to the bursting of a blood vessel in the heart. His remains were interred in Chiltern Cemetry on Saturday last, when a large concourse of friends paid tiii* last tributè to his worth. 'Th e funeral service was conducted by the R)vd.' J. Smith of the Weslyan Church. ClUltern, assisted by the Rt-vd. Mr. Bdlke Ratherglen. The deceased being an old M ison the solemn aud beautiful service of the Masonic order wug impressively reà I by Mr. B. J. Hartley. Tho deceased wa9 tho uncle of Mr. Robert Daglish of this tqwn. Thk New ARVoxm.». - The ntter^noe of ono of the spoakers at WeJnesday night's lyeetiug deserves to b; enshrined in a golden casket. He woul.l like to Bee all men going about doing nothing, if they coul I afford it. Just so. Ha shoul-.l have gone ^slop further and said would like, to see th-jm g-'ing ab j;.:t in the old primitive condition, a desirable state of which receut wuathur exparionces U°.ve been suggestive. If we would legain ou<\- Iciit iáheritttnco in full, idleaess alone v/ould mal-â it incomplete It a doubíful tfcat wc would bo uiuch happier uader the wi^liod-for reijtmc. The prjspcct of h iving nottyng tc do but talk scandal ani'hold indignatiou meetings is uot veiy fascinating, The lord of Sheoj is sai«i tq mischief for idle hrv:nls to do M.»st of us s-nild easily take a fortnight's spell at the now order of things; bit to mike it a p Tin iii-:ucy would so jii diplete (Jhiltirn. Wo will lnv* n^ue of bis new Arcidia. He's au eaamy to the pan pie. •- .• Titirr, r.otvcfcNSSs.—Gf all tin (.banning virtues that tend to enhaoce the pleasant am»mti;>s of social interc-mr.se none holds a higher place than politeness'. Mitch of the uap!easantufss and all tire'-friction of life is remove I by its constant indulgence. If every nmi) in this community \v**. like IV^r Hugh Sinytlie, the suave an 1 courteous' barman at the Telegraph Ho.tel, how pleasantly would flow the ripj)lmg streai\ of social lite in Chiltern : George Bourke, w'.io was down on his luck, was presented at the Police Court as- a vagrant. Mr Smyth* in giving evidence referred to the prisoner as '•thin gentleman." Tins is a specimen of politeness that does honor, not only lo Mr S.nythe's innate politeness and broadminded liberality, but to tin whole of that nobie structure known as democracy. AU gentlemen do nqt nocessarily wear hro^d. cloth and'drluk old wine. This broal interpretation of the vagUG appellation is just and generous. A Wkm, Earned IÍoliuay.—The State Schools of the colony clo.->e on Friday for a month, when tens of thousands of youngsters will be liberated circle for four weeks. to enliven tho domestic This invasion will be hailed with joy in every borne. ' The teachers "will part with th'.'ir little charges with moistened eyes, for this temporary ren ling of their pleasant relations has always a pathetic side for the tender teacher ! However, the reflection of a speedy renewal of the old ties will help to reconcile them somewhat to the temporary separ ition This granting of holidays a week beforo Christmas is a stupid mistake—unjust aliko to teachers and children: If theschoo.ls ware kept open to Christina? Eve this* year-, V(l>en the legitimate holiday begins for every section of- the oommnnit-y, the pupils would then return on 25th January instead of 18th. the They would tlws 6àç.apo confinement in the school-rooms, duriug what is generally the very hottest perio I of the year. Ordinary forethought an > consideration are, however, never to be expocto-'l froua Government Departments. Clkricaz> Gkatitupk. —The Revd. Mr Canvithen of Devon, England, brother of the late Mr T. B. S. Carwitten of Chiltern, who died in the Oyens Bouevqlent Asylum in J aly has fcrwariçd to. th^t institution £10 10s In recognition o.f the kind treatment bjs brother received whilst an movite of th? , institution. The late Mr Carwithen was a .. . . , . „ f , oaident of Obi Item for many years year.?, and p actised as a law Agent. He Towu Clark tac iu the early d&ys; A.V EXCESS QV Ekbsq^ AKD LIQUOR..— John Williams, àn old acquaintance, who has just completed a setitance of li months for annexing a i>40 watch; niade his bow to the bench on Monday morning. Coustable Considine, who fi,rj«05.ted him on Saturday evening for carrying inoçe cargo tl},aa nature was capable of sustaining, 'was resppusible for his presence. John's vitality also on tll^H was too prominent and pro» uounced. K^r. Bl.-ick marked lus disapprobation of this ilur.l oífenoc br inviting Jc.hn to a orown into the ^.onJidated rcVeauc or fuuow Hugh St-alker to He.chwortVi. Mr. wii- , . f 11 • W1 lhanas was too ong-nal to follow in any man's footsteps. pai I the fiae an 1 went forth tJ innate afr««h. '' " 11 '" Good News fób~Holtda.y Makers.—l he management- of the Barutnbogie and Chiltern YalUy No. I shaft have decided^ with commendable thoughtfulness, to- make Christmas Eve pay day iu lieu of Saturday';'wliich falls within the holidays. Thjs will ho welcome news to the miners and others employed at t-hes e claims." It is further announced for the benefit of contractors who supply props, laths, and -other material, that the maua.gpqaont of the BarambogU- yvill pay such claííns iii cash henceforth instead of by cheque 'as heretofore. These may be trifles, but as trifles make up the sum of our existence, this announcement will be a source of much' pleasure and satisfaction to many business psople not directly connected' with the mini». Moça WhITR FkATHRP.9 IN TffE A{R. - Barambogie foiled to fullil.their engagementwith the Excelsior on last Saturday. This Í3 anything' but creditable to cur local men. Whatever others may do, tbj liónor of this district- is in our hands, and we should guard it jealously, even iu the cricketing world. The breaking of ar engagement under any conditions is'ii serious breach of the amenities qf' social life, to which no one having any regard for the conventional usages of society would lend himself.' Societies are no more exempt than individuals. TcXdsbs.—Attention is directed to an advertisement by the Barambògie Gold Mining Company, No Liability, which appears in another column. The Company 'is calling tor tenders returnable on Monday inst., for a three years' supply of the 19t^ firewood. Thí Whit..* Fkat^er.—In view of the fact thqt the C.C.C. boys have lately shown improved form, the Eldorado lads must haye shown ttye white feather on Saturday last, a^ they failed to turn up in the fulfilment of their engagement. When the hour qf departure approached, it is reported that they hid behind'p)d stumps, burnt logs, and within the Eldorado scrub, in full sight of the appointed rendezvous. Who says theç« is nothing in a name after this ? teaiti picked todo battle for Chilrem on Saturday last was unusually formidably, and Eldorçdo went dowu in Anticipation, it is onlr fair to record this as a victory to o.ur o cal teatu—though it be only the first of the Reason. Still it is a victory, aud oue not to he despised by any maans. Tl}e nanje of Napoleon had uyjre effeocual results in si\b - juga'ing his foes than the countless legions ! . . ,, , | ° f thtí ! Law', at Last.—The Governor gave his ! sanction jesterijay at the Executive Council I faceting to three most important pleasures, j as far as mining and municipal committees \ are cencemed. These were the Mining j Development Bill, the Muqi^ipal Advances j Bill, arid th* Municipal Oy^drafts Indemnity | Bill. Kxtravagant manicipul bodies, and j ambitious Shire Councils may now hitch up their trousers, as the orthodox pivliinenary to fresh etari. A Nkw Boom Impendixo.— Tho people of this colony are, on the whole a light-hearted, easy-going people, w ho decline to lie clown under the shadow of depression and give up the ghost. Many there are >vh° affirm that ! if th-j dark clouds cleared a\fay effectually j to- morrc.w, wo'c} have another boo.mj'though i probably of a inildor form in its early stages | than thai of the past. This danger is now | upon us—at least the contributory element, Such another windfall as came to us yesterday would temporarily derange the entire machinery oi our whole financial system. Tho Treasury yesi-erdav received into its coffers the gum of £18,236 Os 2d, as probate duty on the estata of the late l»ob.e-t Simso.Q of Toorak. A few more of these Simeons, embarked upon an unknown voyage of discovery. and the colony wculd he ripe for ano'Jat r boQin. Babvmbogti Holds up its. Head.—At the parliamentary cricket match yest^pflay, on the Melbourne cricket ground, between Parliamentary teams representing Victoria and New South \l[:ilcs Assemblies, "our boys" broke the record, throwing Barambògie even in the shade. This is the record of the seven last Victoria batsmen 7 ' who went to the wickets to uphold the cricketing honour of Victor^. M'Cay a duck, M'Coll a duck,' Foster a duck, 'J'homson a duck, Bennett a duck, M*Arthur a dnck, and Qea/dey a duck. After such a record as this the Barambogie President may look superciliously onoe again upon anyone who dare§ tc smile at the^uck prpduçjng prçclivi^çs of his team. Mrstikg ov Suakkkoldiui^.—Attention directed to a notice in oar a-lvertismg columns calling a meeting of the Lone Hand G.I^. Company at' Dillon's Hotel on the evening of the 29th. inst. at 8 o'clock. The objcc.t of this meeting is an, important one, as â ?eferenoo to. the advertisement will show. A fall attendance is accordingly desired. 