THE Kalgonrlie deputation which proceeded to Perth for the purpose of interviewing the Premier, .iinl endeavoring to have the route of the Coolganrlie- Menzies railway diverted, must now feel tliut thuir errand has been in vain. Sir John Forrest plainly told them tlmt personally he favored the direct route from Coolgardie, and as he is pledged ton Norseman line, it was not to he supposed that he would change his mind. The deputation, however, were informed that the matter had not been definitely decided by the Government, slid consequently a report on the proposed Kalgoorlic route would be called for from the recognised ofljcinls. Of coursp, a good deal will depend upon the manner of man who is authorised to report, hut If one is chosen who will fearlessly do his duty irrespective of whatever inlhumuo may be brought to bear upon him, he will surely not fail to place the true facts before the Goveniniefit. If this is done, the claims of our neighbors in Kalgonrlie to have the terminus of the Mcnzies railway in their midst would be ended once and for all. We hope that the report will soon he forthcoming, for Parliament will meet in .rune, and one of the first steps of the Governi'ient should be the passing if an Act authorising the construction of a line from this town to Mcnzies. We held last week, and now rejieat, that the action of n misguide few in Ivalgoorlifi may yet delay the making of the line, aud if such n deplorable event occur* flie residents or the eastern toyvn will have done, in their fit of inispjaeed rivalry, « great injustice to tlie j:«st of (the fields. ^Lrgtyuie/it has been exlwisjbed #ud facts <jlemon£touted to the hilt, buf ip yaip ; wp cannot apparently slww aw neighbors that iff advocating a K#lgoorliiB.Jleiizies fine they are urging the Government, to act contrary to natural conditions. The utterance ot the PrMHWr therefore is most satisfactory, since it filially .stops the foolish pretensions of « ley,- individuals in a neighboring town who wish to secure the local j'inctiou of two grunt and import..lit railways, simply bcciumc the work would add a Tew shillings to the price of town lots, and give KHIi»<rJio. some little chance of one day ecoming thi';upital of the goldfields. « w * Tim death of Sir Henry i'arfoat riciiiflves from the Australian politico1 stage itmost prominent and most gifted ehiir.< actor. Despite the glaring mistakes which jarred the last few years of his long publk li'ij und in the face of his ill-considered nctj^in,' }/I the last general election, he will for ever reu^^n the one aud only political leader wjiose claims ty be known as an Austrnlian statesman of the 1 tttli wntiiry are \\\;ell grounded stud tinassailaUe. For fifty-two years he doiuitisjed the politics nf 'tjje uinther colony, lie H'J<S the first aud the successful freetrad/? li'nder in the empire outside Great Britain, und whatever may be said to (lie cojitmry he is the father of Australian Weratjon, and it was his dream to be the first Premier of a United Australia, Horn iu a lonely sphere—the son of au English agricultural laborer—lie was almost entirely a self-educated man. Coming to Australia in 183!). his active brain found work in the realms of journalism. From writer to proprietor he quickly rose, but politics attracted him ere his printing press got old, and itl may be said, although he did not sit in the New South Wales Legislature until 18!U, that liis political life began before Constitutional Government. He thus formed the last link between Australia of to-day and the Australia as Wentworth knew it, and, despite the rapid growth and the evcrchanging aspect of the country, Sir Henry Parkcs always remained in the front, never a Radical, but certainly far from u Conservative. His character, to those who knew him well, formed a striking combination of ex twines. He was at once both strong and weak, eiinniii; vet bold to a fault, true to his party, but fickle to its wishes. Through it all, however, he was patriotic and furseeing. Asa truth, lieowcdhis success to what Charles Dickens termed "the knack of seizing critical opportunities." No man knew better tliau he how to g&ugc; and estimate public opinion, and not once but many times his daring appeals to the electors were termed audacious movements before tlie elections, but afterwards the wisdom of his actions was always recognised. No single man on the continent had so many enemies, hut until five years ago no politician in tlie colonies possessed such n strong and compact following us lie. It was hie boast that his party contained no lukewarm supporters. Tliey were either tied to him securely or they wen enemies, mid when he found them tiring under his powerful grip lie invariably threw u| the reins of office. His enemies will accuse liini, and rightly in many instances, of various political crimes'; hut if his critics are kind tlicy will judge the man not on his whole career, hut for the period anterior to liis great somersault of four yenrs ago. If they forgive him the few last years of his long and valuable life, they may with or without cause bring against his memory the hanging of O'Furrcll, the Irish lunatic, who shot at the Duke of Edinburgh at Clontarl. They may or may not blame his after actiom in creating the Fenian scare known as the "Kiama ghost," and tlicy can with some weight accuse him of having at times hoodwinked his party, but with it all tlicv must admit the grandeur of the man's personality, his solid consistency in following up his settled convictions, and above oil his integrity ns a politician. Whatever may be said of his private debt?, of his frequent financial troubles, mid his almost childish disregard for liis private banking account, it must be conceded that had he been a little less honest, and a good deal uiore selfish, lie might years ago have nccnuiulated liuge fortune. When at last his many troubles had their effect upon his mind, he might, nevertheless, easily-have saved his many friends at the expense of the country. That he goes down to his grave a saddened and—it must be said —a humiliated man Is his own fault, but his successor, and most hitter opponent, Mr. G. H. Heid.will now probably wish he had passed through Parliament during its last session the intended measure to give the old frectrade leader a pension. His public funeral to-day will probably lie the largest yet soon in Australia, but after all it will be a poor reward to a man who served the colony for half a uentury, who iu his last moments suffered defeat after defeat at the polls, and who was forced to sell his library and collection to save himself and his family from penury. 