CHAPfER IF. THE FIRST CLOUD, About m mile seaward from Porlook, separated from it by a narrow strip of the most luxuriant meadowland in Devonshire, lies the village of Bosslngton. Perhaps it were better oalled a hamlet, for at the'time when I knew anything about it (which, let the tourist remember, is many years ago) it consisted but of six or seven oottages, a farmhouse, and a half-ruined old manor house, for the privilege of living in which my father paid ten pounds a yetr, or some Euoh trifling sum, to the neighbouring clergyman whose property it was. But what the place lacked in size was oertalnly atoned for—and more than atoned for—by the beauty of its situation. H'gh above it, like a nijhty jrjtrotlog giant, rare Bosslngton Headland, covered always with a soft, springy turf, and glow ing in midsummer with the brilliant oolour ng of rloh purple heather and j ellow gorse. Often have 1 stood on its highest point, and with my head bared to the atreng fresh breeze, watched the eun rise over the Datt moor Hills and Dunkerry Beaoon, and waited nntil it shed its first warm gleams on the white oottages and queer old ohuroh tower of Porlook, whioh lay olustered. to gether in ploturesque irregularity at the head ei the little bay, And almost as often have I g zed upon the same soene from the same spot by the less dlstinot bat more harmonious Ught of the full harvest moon, and have wondered in whioh guise it seemed the fairest. Behind Bosslngton lay AUercombe Woods, great tree.oovered hills sloping on one side down to the road which connected, and still connects, Porlook with Mlnehead and the outside world, and on the other, des cending precipitously to the sea jso precipi tously indeed that It seemed always a wonder to me how the thiokly growing but stunted fir trees oould preserve their shspe and regularity. The descent from Boning ton Headland Into Porlook was by a steep winding path through Alleroombe Woods, and many a time I have looked thiongh the thin ooating of green leaves upon the fields whioh stretohed like a pieoeof patchwork below down to the sea, and wondered whether any other country in the world (I had never been ont of Devonshire then) oonld be more beautiful than this. Within a stone’s throw of where the bine sea of our Bogliah Bsy of Naples rippled in on to the firm white sands, was the tamble down old building in whioh we lived. What there had been of walls had long before ear time been hidden by olimbing plants and ivy, and In rammer-time the jplaoe from a distance somewhat resembled a gigantic nosegay of cottage roses, jessamins, and other oreeping flowers. There was bnt a small garden and no ground, for Bosslngton Headland rose preolpltonsly close to the baok of the house, and in front there was no space for any. A ehed served as a stable for one or two Exmoor ponles, and also as a sleeping place for the lanky, raw-boned Devonshire lad whom we kept to look after There were bnt few habitable rooms'in oar mansion, bnt they were raffioient, for ont household was a small one. My fattier, mother, sister, myself, and a country servant comprised it. We never had a visitor, save eooaslonally the clergyman from Porlook. We never went anywhere. Ws knew no one, and at seventeen years of age an idea whioh had boon developing In me for a long time, took to, itself the tangible shape o! words. "Father,” I laid to him one evening when we were sitting ont upon onr little atrip of lawn together, he amoking, I envy ing him for being able to amoke, " do yon know that I have never been ont of Devon shire—never been further than Exeter even, and I am eighteen yeara old It was long before he answered me, and when, at last, he turned round and did ao, I was distressed to aee the luek of deep anxiety in hia worn, handaome face, and the tronbled light in hia clear eyea. “ I know it, my boy,” he said, pityingly. *' I 'have been expecting this. Yon are weary of the country.” I stood up, with my hands in my pocketa, and my baok againat the hkttioed wall of the house, gazing over the sparkling, danoing Bea, to where, on the horizon, the atari teemed to atoop and meet it. Was .1 tired of this quiet home ?, I scarcely knew; country Bporta and country lights were dear to me, and I had no desire to leave them for ever. I thought of the fat trout in the Exford streams, and the huntsman’s rallying call from “ t’other side Dankerry,” and the wild birds that needed ao muoh getting and such quick firing, and of the deep aea fishing, and the ahooting up the ooombs from Farmer Paisford’s boat, and of the delight of ahfppingumn hot summer's day and diving deep down into the oool bracing water. Why should I wish to leave all this ? What should I be likely to find pleasanter in the world of which, as yet, I know nothing? For a moment or two I hesitated—bnt it was only for a moment or two. The restlessness which 'had been growing up within me for yeara waa built up»n a solid foundation, and would not be siienoed. “No, I’m not tired of the country, father,” I answered, slowly. "I love it too muoh ever to be tired of it. But men don’t generally live all their lives in one p'aoe, do they, without having any work or anything to do exoept enjoy themselves ?" “And what should yon like to be ?” my father asked, qniokly. I had long ago made up my mind upon that point, and waa not Blow to answer— “Ijehould like to be a soldier,” I de clared, emphatioally. I was very little prepared for the result of my words. A spasm of what seemed to be the most aoute pain passed acrcaa my father's face, and he oovered it for a moment with his hands. When he withdrew them be looked like a ghost, deathly pale in the g dden moonlight, and when he spoke his voioe trembled with emotion. ° •• God forbid that you should wish It seriously !” he said, *• for it is the one thing whioh you can never be.” “ Oh, Hugh, yon do not mean it really ; you do not wish to go away from us ! ’ I turned round, ,for the voioe, a soft and gentle one, was my mother’s. She was standing in the open window with a fleeoy white shawl aronnd her head, and her eyes, the sweetest 1 ever saw, fixed appealingly upon me. I glanoed from one to the other blankly, for my disapointment was great. Then, like a flash, a sudden oonviotion laid hold of me. There, was some great and mysterious reason why we had lived so long apart from the world. {To be Continued.) 