THE SP1CTIAL GOAT. NE of the most sin gular supernatural experiences I ever had, began Jim, was with 'a. goat belonging to Mrs. Dooilttle. He was a billy, and as hill of original sin as he well could hold. That foolish old wo man* however, thought him a saint, and vdwed that ev erybody was in a conspiracy to take his character away. She had a fixed idea concerning that iniquitous quadruped. She had read somewhere that some regiment had a pet goat belonging to them that used to inarch with them. I don't know whe ther it is true or not, is it? Yes, the Welsh JTusiliera, I tftiTiir. Well they've got a queer taste In animals. That notion got into the old woman's head, and stepped there. She used to say that once she saw William in his true sphere, leading his regi ment to glory she would die happy. I believe she i had written several letters to the Queen mention ing the merits of the animal,' and offering him as a gift to the nation, but I don't think that she re^ ceived any answers. His death had been sworn by half the neighborhood, but he had a charmed life, for he always got off, and bis days were full of villainy, and his nights of planning and schem ing. They introduced a regular terror of a ram that was reported to have killed a bull, but he was nowhere when he stood up to that goat. Af ter two hours of it he had to be led away blicd and stupid, while the goat pranced around and scat tered the spectators. The people nearly got up a .revolution, for the .women were frightened of their children, for he had an especial down upon school children, and used to carry destruction into their ranks when he got the chance. It was only old Mother Boolittle's tongue that preserved him, for she had an awful tongue; she could turn milk sour any day. She swore she'd lay a black curse upon anyone who hurt William, and I'm blessed If she didn't frighten them all. At last Government had to take it in hand. You may smile, but it's a tact. Jrhe whole forces of the Government of this great'and glorious colony had to be set in motion against a defiant and re bellious billygoat. This is how it came about. The goat was especially down upon school chil dren, as I said before. One day he charged in amongst them as they were leaving the school, ana by some means overshot his mark, and went careering into the schoolroom, and one youth, with great presence of mind, shut him in, indif ferent to the fact that he shut the schoolmaster In with him. The schoolmaster being an active young man managed to scramble upon the wall plate, and the goat had the free run of his Dover. He broke everything that was breakable, and finally went through the window, carrying it with him, and arrived home with the frame round his heck. The schoolmaster sat down amongst the ruins, and wrote a report to the department that the Pranceville Public Scfiool was reduced to chaos by Mrs. Doolittle's billygoat The end of it was that Mrs. Doolittle was sum summoned for damage, and. the-goat ordered to be destroyed. Mrs. Doolittle said they could put her in gaol, but she ?wouldn't pay, and the goat took no notice at ail. A policeman came down armed ?with a revolver to carry out the order, and Mrs. Doolittle threatened him with a compound vari ety ol curses. He -was a. newchum policeman, just run in from Ireland, and he got shaky at the cursing. He turned into Pogson's pub. to stiffen his nerves a bit, when somebody called out, 'Nbw's your chance, Murphy, here's the animal coming for you.' Thfere was William coming down the street as though the place belonged to him. Murphy went but preparing for action. 'I nlis-doubt this weppun of mine,' he said: 'At toiines she shoots woild. Keep well ahint me boys.' They took the advice, anS Murphy advanced to iufeet the enemy. Next to school children the goat abominated policemen. He shook his head threateningly at Murphy, and let him get within distance; then came at him like a whirlwind. Murphy let fly at random,- then turned and ran, but the goat caught him, and tumbled him over. His revolver went off, and th* bullet went right through the crowd oh the verandah, without hit ting anybody, through the bar window, and com ing at a nice angle to the shelves behind the bar, made an ungodly smash ainbngst the bottles. The policeman went back. He said that a cra thure who didn't fight fair, and warn't a Christi an, was beneath him. They sent down a young trooper, a native boy, who diSn't care anything for Mother Doolittle's curses. It was a .grand fighti The goat got oh the horse's ribs, and found a.' soft place there every time, and the trooper got nearly bucked off half a dozen times, but he managed to hang on by his eyelids' somehow, and filled .that goat full of lead, so that he gave it best. But he went home and died like a hero. Everybody was proud of his pluck, and felt sorry that he was such a born devil. Mother TDooiittle levelled the curse of cur ses against the trooper, but he only laughed; then she got a little drunken sweep of a lawyer to bring an action for damages against the Government. Well there was an Immense deal of correspond ence, and Mother Doolittle was a proud and im portant woman when the' big blue envelopes used to arrive with O.H.M.S. dri them, anfl her lawyer, very drunk, used to come out and consult with her. The upshot of it v?as that Mrs. Doolittle was let off paying for the damage to the schoolroom, if she left off bothering the Government. The lawyer said they had won a glorious Victory, but Mother Doolittle did not think so, and wouldn't pay Win his bill. Now, 1 knew that infernal goat wouldn't rest in his grave, for Mrs. Doolittle burled him pro perlyj and I -warned the people about it, and sure enough he took to walking. The first time was at broad daylight in the school that he had so | damaged: The' master was just setting a moral copy bb the blackboard, when he stuck his head through and leered all round. It was enough to upset any school to have a goat*s head, without any visible body, gaping through the blackboard at them, and the chlldlen all left. Then the head laughed a diabolical laugh and vanished. The schoolmaster wrote a report to the depart^ ment, and they sent tiowA an inspector to inquire into it. I don't know what good he did. Any how, he furnished' a long report, and I believe it was printed, but, as he didn't see the goafs ghost, he wasn't much wiser than before. You may be sure that Mrs. Doolittle chuckled when she heard of it, and said that if that young trooper broke his neck she would be satisfied. But he didn't, and hadn't any Intention of doing SU OD lUUg U£» 11C UUU1U 11C1JJ Ik. Then Geebung. Sam. was riding home late One moonlight night; he -was called Geebung Sam 'cause he didn't know what geebungs were— asked if it was a new sort of cattle disease. Well, he was riding home late one night, when the blessed old goat pranced right in front of the colt he was riding, who immediately bucked Sain rods. When Sam got up bis horse was about a mile off, and the ghost of the' goat doing a circus around him, Waiting for bim to rise up and become a target. Sam thought he did at any rate, and when he did get up' he made tracks like greased lightning, but the goat took after him, ana would race up close behind until he.jetpeoted a butt, when he'd feel a cold thrill go through him, but he wasn't touch ed. 'I explained to Sam the reason of It, tbat he was. very lucky to get off as he did, for if the goat happened to know how to materialise him self he would have suffered. But Sam wasn't comforted. He had to run all the way home, and vowed vengeance against Mrs. Doolittle, who must have set her goat's ghost on to hunt him, and he never did anything to the animal. Some of the fellows asked me to go and remon strate with the ghost, seeing I knew all about the ways of ghosts; but I said that I would wait until matters grew worse;, meantime I would .speak' to Mas. Doolittle. . I did, but she said, as I expected, that ehe was not responsible for what her poor martyred Wil liam's spirit did. Hadn't people pursued him enough in .this .tybfld without following him to the next. She was sorry tor Geebung Sam, but, as he hadn't much brains, it .did not matter. That was the most. artful kind of ghost I ever came across. He wguld keep so quiet that people began to ^nV that it was all fight, and that he had. gone to sleep for ever, But he hadn't What ijort of respectable, spectre would chose a picnic i» put hi an appearance— a church picnic, too, with the girlE in white frocks, and ail the nicest young men about the place. He went and appeared In his pody fcs Jt was ihen^-a measly old skSetoa, -with ragged hide and hair hanging about it, =and horns tumbling off and eyeless BoekfetB. That was a nice eort of appft ritlon to walk over a clean tablecloth spread on the grass, with cold chicken and salad and cold pie, not to mention custard laid put oil it Could you expect people to have an appetite when that Jdnd P* thing -was loose? : William stood there In amongst the repast,, and th^y couldn't snttt hUn. It was no good trowing stones and empty bottles at Sim, for they sltnply, went througn Mm without making any Impression. '?They liaa idirolt ttntil-iie chose to shift, which he' didn't Juntll b« had spoiled the tflonlc and cent all 'ttte girls ifttb Miysterles.. *?-. -How, X felt It ma about time tor n» to talc* * .' . . -1 - v hand; but the difficulty was, I had to wait on the convenience of the ghost. If hev didn't chose to show himself, why I couldn't make him. So I was in a very uncomfortable position; all the people saying, Now's your chance, Parks; now's the time -to show them you understand ghosts; why don't you come forward. Now, it was all very well, but if the ghost didn't come forward how could I help it. Meantime, the mothers kept their children away from school and the mas ter kept on sending reports to the department; and the department told him to look up Regulation B, clause 19, which waB something to do about fees for cleaning the schoolroom, and had nothing bearing upon ghosts at all. I used to hang about the school* though there was only about five boys and two girls going there, and I knew the ghost wouldn't rest till he'di cleared them out as well as the others. Sure enough, one of the boys came tearing up to me full split one day, and said that the goat was In the schoolroom again. Back with him I wen^, and there was William's head, and a most dis* reputable head it was, hanging in over the window sin. When he caught sight of me I saw a change come over him. -- I am not given to blowing, and don't talk much; but I can assure you that that goat actually funked the meeting. I was rather frightened he'd do ' the vanishing trick, so I commenced at him at once, told him. that if he had any of his old spirit left he'd show himself altogether, not go round frightening a lot of school children by hanging his ugly head through the window. 'Well,' he said, 'to oblige you, Parks, I will.' His forelegs came in, and then his hind ones, and there he stood complete. 'Now,' I said, 'we can talk reasonably fair as between man and ghost. What is it you're driv ing at? What good are you doing upsetting the educational system of this colony and spoiling ?first-class picnics?' He laughed at the remembrance of the picnic. As for the school he said that was only to pass the time; he would . promise not to interfere or frighten the school children again. I congratu lated him on seeing things in a reasonable and proper light, and asked what it was that troubled him. (All ghosts can easily be quietened if you can only get at their particular cause of unquiet) He said he would sleep soundly as soon, as he had finished with that policeman. I explained to hiini that frightening other people did not revenge him on the trooper. He agreed with me, and said that in future he would devote himself to the trooper. Then he vanished. The schoolmafcter wrote the usual report, in which he mentioned that I had got rid of the ghost, and that inspector came down again and salt in another report, in which he said that Pranceviile Public School might now be reported free from ghosts; but he did not bring me in at all, so I didn't get tne reward I deserved. i next went to the trooper, and told him what he had to expect, and how he should behave. Ridicule him, I said; if there's one Ihing a ghost can't stand it's ridicule. He saw the game at once, and promised to act upon my advice. He did, and was completely successful. The goat duly appeared, and the trooper, who had primed hife mates up, just burst into a howl of laughter at him, in which all the others joined. 'Call that thing a ghost of a goat, or a goat of a ghost,' he cried. 'Did you ever see such a edaredrow?' William did not at all like this, and commenced to cavort about and shake his head as though he meant mischief. At this they all laughed the more: 'Come on, you old sha dow,' cried the trooper; 'let's see what you can do.' William, however, knew better. He knew he was impalpable, and would only make an et hibition of himself if he tried anything on, .so he essayed to carry it off by bluff, but it was a fail ure, and he knew it. He was not a success as a ghost any longer, and beyond one or two attempts he did not again appear. Nothing like ridicule for a ghbst. Mother Doolittle took it greatly to heart. She said William was a murdered martyr, and not content with killing him, they must needs laugh at his ghost. She took to her bed, and joined William in a better land. The school filled up again, and the girls wore their white frocks pic nicking once more. But they never -sent me a pUrse of sovereigns and a testimonial. 