Co00ESPONDENCE. TREE PLANTING AT STOJI)KTON. TO TIIE DITOR. Sm,-I have to thank ,Mr. Graham, of Stockton, for his courteous and gentlemanly letter in your issue of this morning; but, in justice to myself, I must beg your leave to reply to him, and point out the chapter and verse of my argumeCnt. He misunderatood me, if he thought that I meant that the trees were planted in pure sand. Of course, it goes without saying thr.t the immediate holes around the trens, say 3ft diameter, are prepared conmpset; but when the trees are three or four years old the roots are out of those holes, and, in the ca?o of those planted at Stockton, will be in pure salt sand, origin ally thrown up by the sea, aud kept salt ever since by the sea smoke from the tumbling waves on the bench alongside. No earthly tree could flourish under such cir cumstances; and when you add to that the bitter, burning, salt winds from south and south- east, that rush along the long line of cliffs until, ending at the fort, they expend their fury on the titookton peninsula with all full firo and venom of their salt-laden sea sting, how can any trees, planted in lines, have a ghost of e. chance ? If planted in thickets, possibly the inner trees might grow into shrub-like proportions under such erir oumstancos, because the outside ones, though they would be dwarfed, stunted, and miser able, would protect those behind them, and gradually permit the inside ones to make some show; but even that is apocryphal, considering that that particular part of this district is the most bitterly exposed place from Swansoe to Port Stephene. With regard to lr. Graham's denial of any cutting down of the scrub. I con only say that, some time ago, after that land had been dedisatod as a park, I saw men engaged in burning off the grass; and, in doing so, large quantities of the hardy, wire scrub bushes, which ought to have been cherished as the firt line of defence against the bitter, burning sea winds, were destroyed by thoss fires; and so much protection to that exposed bit of prkl was consequentlylost to it No one would be more pleased than myself if I was proved wrong by thelogio of future facts. No one would rejoice more sincerely than myself ii trees could possibly be grown in the place where they are going to be planted in Stockton Park. But T cm abso. lutely certain that it is absolutely hopeless to expect any earthly tree to grow even as high as what scrub the fires have spared in that place where the trees ar0 intended to be planted. Believe me, Mr. Grahvm, in Stookton Park no earthly trees can be made to grow unless in cloco planted clumps in the valley parailel to the sea, and even then they eill only grow to the height of the shelter given by the first seaward line of sandbank, and whatscrub is left on it. The olumps should be planted in heart shaped masses, the point turned to the south-east. Then, even if the trees f.ning that point suffer, those behind them .would have u chance of making some growth under the shelter of those which would bear the brunt.-- I am, &e.;, ARP. ALFRED 8HARP. 