Ono Thing1 and Another. J. B. Tucker, tha now South Melbourne representative, is a taxer of land values. Tho special boards appointod by tho Minister of Lands to bear reasons why selectors and Grown lesseos do not p»y their arrears will bo lenient with struggling peoplo but intend to come down hard on shufflers. The Factories Bill and the Ono Adult One Vote measures will bo pressed on tho Legisla tive Oounoil oncu moro during tho coming aeaston. Tho Government readily enough promises country unemployed a share of Government work in couutry districts, but, all the sumo, >thoy" Bond Melbourne unemployed to do the work. The great bowling strength of the Australian Eleven is now fully realised in England. J?hb police have not yet arroatod tho impudent etree*, robber who forced Mr M'Pliee, tho Hawthorn accountant, togivo up his money and valuables. Two hundred and severity applications were personally lodged for tho homestead blocks at Gabbagumbalum under the N.S.W land laws. J. Scott, of Mossgul station, Iiay, has won tho £4,500 consultation on the Sydney Birthday Cup; J. A. Salter, of Sydney, seoured the second prize of £1,350. A female Manohenfor Unity lodge, " Tho Royal Maids of Cornwall," has just been opened at Lnunceston. Vivlont opposition is being shown by tho N.S.W. labor party to tho proposed grunt to tho widow and children of the late Sir Henry Parkes. Tho Attornoy Goneral has dooided that no review is possible of the Chief JupticoV decision by which Rapiport and Baxter, ox honorary magistrates woro acquitted on the chargo of conspiraoy. At Adelaide a man named Rudd was charged with " impersonating" a ghost in tho Wesloyan oometery. Ho was found 10a and £3 15 ^ coets. Mr Joromiah Breen, farmer, of Burnnsldo, near Talura, was killed on Tuesday evening, through being thrown from hia buggy whilst returning from a sale. 0\. Wilks, WatohnmUor, agent for Sterling, Rover, Raglan, and Vanguard Cycles. All re pairs douo on premises. Riding taught gratis. Agont for Brabaoy Cycles, I 