rRv the Vagrant.] )j r Af.li Fad is by Lochiel out of Sea ' Morpeth. -Loot W 7 S(!a Swallow The l8lor iL^m oft°dmaro, the property of Mr. latter is a ^ of Qphir ana Albicore. ^TWus engaged in the Melbourne Cup at Gat n'b is anfged horse by Hamlet-Maid of «,fi Mount- he has won 15 races, been eight t^°ef second, and four times third. Ho has urobablv seen his best day. Entries are due on Monday next for the Epsom Handicap and Metropolitan Stakes. Two Chinamen are reported as having: pur chased from Major George the Carbine filly Quick fire. If adopted at all at Flemington the ' false rail' is not likely to be seen in operation until the Cup meeting. Apsley has been withdrawn from the Grand National Steeplechase, in which Mailboat is a very uncertain starter. The Motto Farm candidate Superb has been taken out of the Melbourne Cup list. He is full brother to Candour. An American correspondent states that Jim Corbett will shortly visit Australia. There ia not a boxer in the colonies at present fit to enter the ring with him. News is to hand from South Australia of the death of the blood mare Trenora. She was full sister to Auraria, but unlike the latter, waf) a failure on the turf. When the mail left, T. Loates had ridden 52 ?winners for the season ; Allsop was next on the list with 29 wins to his credit, while Madden and M. Cannon had 28 wins each. Playmate, who ran second in the Hurdle Race at Port Adelaide a few days ago, would have paid £160 in the tofcalisator, and the dividend on Troy, who was third, would have been over .£100. The New Zoaland stallion Tim Whiffler, by Tim Whiffler— Parachute, who once ran third in the New Zealand Cup, was sold a few days ago to Mr. J. R. Corrigan for £2. He has sired a number of winners. Mr. H. 0. White haB purchased Bob Bay's sister True Love for stud purposes. The daughter of Welcome Jack and Gage d'Amour has lately been running in galloway races, but previously carried Mr. Joe Brown's livery. While practising at the starting machine at Eandick on Tuesday morning, the Trenton— Muriel filly rushed into the barrier, and her rider, J. A. Delaney, got two of his fingers badly injured, the fleBh being torn off them. Two horses named Coolgardie have been entered for Aspendale. One runs in Mr. T. Arnfield's name, and is trained at Mentone. The other hails from Sydney, and Mr. Eoberts, his owner, has been written to and asked to select another name. The grey filly by Cadogan from Grey Esperanee, bred by Mr. Frank Barley, of Nanango (Q.), has been sold to the gentleman who races as J. Uno. The filly, which will be trained by J. Cook in Syd is half-sister to Greygown, Greywirg, Touch ' atone, My Blue Bell, and sister to Grey Friar. Mr. Arthur Eales, who w generally regarded aB the champion pigeon shot*of the colony, attained S his maj ority on Monda y, and the auspicious event was ' ? celebrated by a grand ball at Duckenfield House on Monday evening, visitors assembling from far and near to wish Mr. Eales many joyful returns of the day. After winning the Shoits Handicap at Charters Towers under his heavy weight, Babel was sold to Messrs. Fairburn and Nile, two Rockhampton sportsmen, who are said to have given something like 600gs. for him, and dropped a few hundreds in backing him for the Winter Stakes, won by Cabin Boy. Word is to hand of the Bafe arrival at Singapore or Calcutta of most of the horses, including Quiver, Coarallie, and Hiram, which Messrs. Uphill and Fordham took from Australia in the s.s. Lalpoora on her last trip. Six deaths occurred during the voyage, and among theillfated was the racing pony Dumpy. The hurdle racer Emmalea will shortly be shipped to England for racing purposes. J. E. Brewer, who intends to viBit the old country, will probably have charge of Emmalea on the voyage. She cut hor stifle during the race for the G. N. Hurdles on Saturday. It is also said that Pilot Boy may accompany the mare. It is hardly likely that Collingwood will be seen c on a racecourse for a considerable time. He ran it a fine race in tho Grand National Hurdles until H about a' mile from home, when he broke down II and his rider dismounted. On coming back to M the paddock it was found that the suspensory ^ligament of one of Collingwood's legs had given |1| When Messrs. Jongs and Cooper purchased New gxiihaven, it was stated that the colt would be des i§|patched to England immediately after the next B||V.R.C. Spring meeting. But if Newhaven's new owners ever entertained that idea, they appear to |§||have abandoned it, for the V.R.C. Derby favourite ^whns been nominated for the First Caulfield Futu |||prity Stakes of 1898. ' fej Pigeon shooters have been given but few chances Mof distinguishing themselves in the Northern dis Igijtrict of late, and so perhaps they will need but ^®little reminding that Mr. William Foster, of the ^pWhite Horse Hotel, Singleton, intends conducting §?|||nn open handicap on his ground on the 18th in j |||ffl|s'.an''. Contrary to the general impression, betting ^Kwill bo allowed, but only by assured penciilers. Whernside's time— 4min. 23?, see.— for the Maiden t**.- Steeplechase afc Flemington on Saturday is the p ij ™stest on record, excepting that made by Mr. y. Miller s other horse, Renmark, who in 1889 carry Fir ing the same weight, 9st. 131b., got the two miles *TV 22-'T\t WhefnBide is engaged in the V R C. Grand National Steeplechase, and he is 1% weighted at his original handicap, 9st. 121b., having been fortunate m escaping a penalty. ' ' p It may bo remembered that at the last meeting .of the Northern Jockey Club it was decided to I ply to tho A.J.C. for the remission of the re unler of the term of disqualification imposed by e N.J.C. on a jockey named Arthur Quinn and e racehorse Dictator. The matter has come ider the notice of the premier club's committee d Mr. Clibborn has written to Mr. Quinton to y that the A.J.C. cannot accede to the request BThe owner of Oak Hill Farm, America, han a nuine curiosity in the shape of a snow-white It, by Palestine, son of Powhattan, dam Black irl,_by Khartoum, son of Luke Blackburn. The It is a Buckling, and is white all over except the p of its head and ears, which are red. Tha young Br is perfectly shaped, and all right in every par sular, and who knows but what he will turn out be a good winner P The dam of this white colt is i black as ink. ''' decided in Newcastle on Saturday evening -'i ' i: uj. ani Hickey will row their race in 22 feet '?'.xfiJb'rrv -1?8 ntJ^yM0Dd Terrace on August 2 for v Y ,Bh wanted ^e stakes to be £100 \ V ^ i* V £ i l6 f®.ther of his opponent said he had to I W ™ , himself, and that was as much as he although ho was willing to leave that ? ^Phonal until the day previous to , the cbr' n,',m M' ' From the publisher I have received a copy of that popular little work Australian Form at a Glancc, a cheap volume which should find a place in tho library of all sportsmen, especially at this juncture when students of turE lore desire to have^ the per formances of tho Cup candidates at their finger s ends. These are given in an admirably clear form, and in addition the book contains the weightfor age scale,, the fastest time records, names of past winners of great event?, a list and details of princi pal racecourses, registered colours, etc. After winning the Maiden Steeplechase at Flemington on Saturday, Whernside came into notice for the Grand National Steeplechase, for which race, if tho Messrs. Miller have no better representative, he is likely to bo a popular selection. He seemed to win very easily on Satur day, but this was really owing to Tapage stopping at the finish. Whernside, however, seem3 one of the most promising 'chasers that the Messrs. Miller have turned out for some time. His weight in the Grand National Steeplechase is 9st 121b. It would appear as if Joe Brown intends giving Ringleader an opportunity of earning a living at the illegitimate game, for ho has nominated the gelding in the Brush Hurdle Race to be run at Canterbury Park on the 18th instant. I also notice that the Scone filly Margravine has been entered for the Park Stakes, whilst that useful mare Idalia figures in fche list for the Canterbury Handicap. His owner has apparently tired of the idiosyncrasies of Candour, for the little chestnut has been put in tho Selling Race to bo disposed of for £50. He will scarcely win on the terms he will be called upon to meet others at, Advices from Bandwick slate that Coil has thickened out greatly, although he has not grown up, and is now the beau ideal of a Derby colt, so that Newhaven may not have it all his own way when the pair como to measure strides at Fleming ton. It muBt not be forgotten that Coil was back ward when the pair last met, whilst Newhaven, who is of the precocious order, was just tho opposite. Another horse that has come on greatly recently is Dan O'Brien's speedy gentleman Bob Bay, who is no longer a pony in stature, as he stands all out 15 3. The son of Welcome Jack is a racehorse if his bad knee will permit him being prepared. The Grand National meeting will be brought to a conclusion at Flemington this afternton, when the principal event will be the Steeplechase, for which Dungan, who was disgraced in the G. N. Hurdle Bace with list. 71b. in the saddle, is top weight, and as he will be asked to carry 16lb. more than when he failed so ingloriously his chance does not look too prepossessing. However, there is a great difference between steeplechaBingand hurdle racing, and I will not be surprised if he wins. Joi remains favourite, but reports say he is hardly wonnd up, and if that be so he will have to be a great horse to see the hard race out. I have a fancy for Whernside, Woonoke, and Timoni. A sensational commission has been worked in Melbourne about Portsea's brother, Reka, who, on behalf of the stable— it is said — haB been backed for all the money in the market at 100 to 5 for the Caulfield Cup, and at 100 to 4. for the Melbourne Cup. For the double, Derby and Melbourne Cup, he has been backed to win .£25,000, and at 1000 to 4 Beka has been backed in doubles for a large amount to win the two Cups. Reka is trained at Randwick by Kelso, and is described as a beautiful colt. Other business recorded on the eame evening on the Caulfield Cup was 1000 to 45 Marusa, 1000 to 40 Hortensius, and 1000 to 40 O'Trigger, all taken. For the Melbourne Cup 2000 to 100 was taken about Toreador, and 1000 to 50 Miraculum. It is reported that tho Hawkesbury Race Club committee is highly indignant at its treatment by the A.J.C. committee in the allotment of fixtures for the next racing season. It asked for four Saturdays upon which to race, explaining that no suburban club could make a Thursday's meeting pay ; but the list of fixtures showed that the request was ignored, two Thursdays and two Satur days being allotted to the H.R.C., all other clubs getting Saturdays and public holidays, whilst two Saturdays were reserved. Application was then made For these Saturdays in lieu of the two Thurs days, but thiB waf refused. The H.R.C. committee met on Tuesday 'and decided not to race on the Thursday in September, but only on the Saturday, for which a programme of five races was adopted. Buzzi, the Grand National Hurdle Race winner, who iB named after the well-known Itilian singer Kionnx Urn,! woo lirorl Vit. MV Tnhn fmnc of Wangaratta. and is by The Plunger (a good horse in his day) from Barratti, by Camden (V.) from I Poetess, by Topsail from Ellen Tree, by Jersey j from Mirror, by Sir Hercules. Buzzi therefore is well-bred, Mirror being the maternal ancestor of Nelson and other celebrated horses ; but his per formances have been moderate in the extreme. Last season Buzzi won a small hurdle race at Chil tern and another at Wangaratta, but was beaten out of place at Benalla, and until he secured Grand National honours he had not gained a winning bracket this season, although he ran a pretty good race with Black Flag a few weeks ago over the same course. Recently at Liverpool, the wrestling match in Grreco-Roman style for the world's championship and .£100, took place between Tom Cannon and Antonio Pierri, known as 'the terrible Greek,' the two foremost Grt»co-Roman wrestlers in the world. They had competed previously, but owing to no definite result the present match wbb arranged for the best three falls. Cannon scaled 15st. 7-b ; Pierri 16st. The fitBt fall was won by Pierri,. in_. 11 min. j the second ty Cannon, in lOmin. 23sec. ; and the thiid by Cannon in about 8min. The latter thus retains the championship. Charles Green, of Wigan, challenged the winner. It may be remembered that Cannon visited Australia some years back and engaged in several contests with Miller, Dinnie, Connors and others with varied results. What the correct name of the Grand National Steeplechase favourite is has always been a subject of controversy. When he was first entered in Mel bournehe passed under the name of J.O.I.,the letters printed in cnpitals, the idea being that the name was a compliment to Mr. J. O. Inglis, of Malua fame. It transpires, however, that J.O.I, was never correct. How he came to be christened J.O.T. is interesting. ' A great friend of Mr. Inglis is Mr. Boucicault, cousin of Mr. Dion Boucicault, the actor, and manager of Mount Howitt station, in Queensland, by whom Mr. TngliB is frequentiy called ' Joi.' Once when Mr. Inglis was schooling the horse he asked his friend to suggest a name, and as the latter replied at once, 'call him ' Joi,' ' and was loth to sanction any other, Mr. Inglis gave him that name. It has not proved lucky, as Joi has frequently fallen, and the only steeplechase he has won in his life was at Mentone, when he beat Larnook. In Queensland the Glorious gelding Babel is regarded in a somewhat similar light to what Carbine was looked upon here and in Victoria, for the Banana'anders think he is absolutely unapproachable over short courses. | At the Charters Towers meeting recently Babel cartied list 71b. in tlie Flying Handicap, and 12st in tho Shorts, being easily victorious on each occasion, and, granting that he had nothing much to beat, the performances were excellent ones. However he had to strike his colours when he met Cabin Boy at weightfor-age, and that deducted much from the glory of his doings. Babel was tried twice in Sydney, but never seemed really well, and did nothing in tho way of paying for his oats. Now I learn that a patron of Foulsham has secured him, and the big horse will bo given a d °n- Victorian turf, and as Isaac o5 Brighton is a thoroughly shrewd man he will pro bably get a few races out of him. The race for the sculling championship of the world— a title held in Australia since Beach de feated Handlan in 1884— between Stanbury and Harding will tase place on tho Thames on Monday next, and although much enthusiasm has not been aroused in the colony over the contest it is certain there will be wide-spread interest evinced in the old country, where hopes will run high that England will at last regain the honour which Ned ui o£!L » -r m ^0e Sadler on the memor able 27th of Jane, twenty years ago. Harding is a wonderfully good little man, probably the equal of Haolan in bi8 best day, but he is woefully c-i: small when compared with hiB big opponent, who should wear him down at the end if his long spell out of harness, and his hurried preparation has not miliated against his powers. It looks odds on Stanbury, but I would certainly not lay them. Stanbury has written to a friend at Nowra to say that he has hopes of an eaey victory. There are some interesting coincidences in con nection with tho Grand National Hurdle Race. On Saturday 13 horses started ; the race was won by Buzzi, No. 13 on the card, and as he is a bay horse it makes the thirteenth bay that has won during the 1G years the race has been in existence. Tho Agent and The Toeman woro chestnuts, and Emmalea a brown. This year makes the fifth in which 13 have run for the blue riband of tho small sticks. It is aleo worthy of note that had Morago won ho would have been the first to carry ^ 10st. odd to victory, all the previous Grand Nationals having been won by horses with 9st. odd or list, odd, each haviug now eight races. Another peculiar thing is tho number of occasions on which the number of letters in tho names of horse and rider agreed, such as Sir Peter — Corrigan, Rhesus — Scobie, Dizzy — Batty, Don Quixote — W. Glass cock (that's a tough 'un), The Agent— Ferguson, The Ocean — Ferguson, Toeman — O'Brien, and Apsley — Barbour. A long letter from Dr. Slate, of Sydney, on the subject of the trotting performance of_ the Australian gelding Fritz appears in a Chicago paper, the conclusion of it being as follows : — ?? I think Fritz is tho champion trotter of the world. Mr. Buckland thinks so as well, and to this extent ; that if any man in America would like to try conclusions, say, a match for £2000 a-side, best two in three, the race to como off in Sydney on one of the registered courses, say Rosehill, which is beautifully level and fast, there need be no delay in making the arrangements — bar none, pacer or trotter. Mr. Buckland is so situated that it would be quite impossible for him to visit America, '-either would he consider an offer for Fritz j in fact, he informed me while in Melbourne that all the money the banks of New South Wales possess would be no temptation for him to sell. Fritz, by Vanc.leve, dam Fraulein, by BerliD, bred in the back blocks of Australia, will trot any horse in the world for £2000 a-Bide and allow £150 for ex's in case of defeat.' 'Bricky' Colley, who died in Brisbane suddenly a few days since, was born in the Bay of Biscay. One who knew him well writes that Colley was a desperate gambler, and thought nothing of staking his last on anything he fancied. Some years ago he was riding ' Cracker' Cornwell's Soldier Boy in the Bourke Handicap at Melbourne, and all the family were down on the handsome son of Wilber force. As they made for the bend there were only two in it, Frying Pan and Soldier Boy. The for mer, ridden by Ted Power, was leading by half a length. ' Save a tenner with you, Ted,' roared ' Bricky.' No answer. ' Bricky' repeated his offer several times, but Ted was deaf. At tbe dis tance ' Bricky' noticed Frying Pan beginning to tire, and drove Soldier Boy up hard, and the pair raced stride and stride for about fifty yards, then Power called out, ' All right, ' Bricky,' I'll save a score with you.' ' Not me,' said ' Bricky,' ' I'm going nap,' and he pulled out his whip and got there. Hundreds of like stories could be told of ' Bricky's' pluck and coolness, and though he always lost his money in the end he never lost his head. It will be many a day before we are likely to see his like again. The Ivett trophy, presented for competition among cricket clubs playing in the vicinity of Brisbane, has, this season, been won by the Lime stone Club, and in connection with the victory a Queensland paper Bays : ' When the Limestone Cricket Club was formed, at the commencement of the season, it was little thought that they would secure the cup in the senior division of the Ipswich and West Moreton Association — in short, in some quarters it was Btated that they had ' not a ghost of a show,' being only a one-man team. Events have, however, proved once ag'ain the uncertainty of cricket, although there was no uncertainty about the doings of the Limestonians'. They practised assiduously ; they went even further — a coach (W. M'Glinchey) was engaged to teach them a few wrinkles. Undoubtedly M'Glinchey's services were; in a great measure, responsible for a good deal of the success the club has achieved.' It's pleasant to read of the success in any depart ment of life of erstwhile Maitlanders, and it is evident that in cricket at any rate the old place has excellent representatives in Wally M'Glinchey and the brothers Moore in the other colonieB. By the way it is probable that M'Glinchey will return here to live in time to play with the Albion C. C. next season, and if so his presence will be hailed with enthusiasm by his former companions. Novel pedestrian matches are the order of the day in England at the present time, and at the Recreation Grounds, Dronfield, on May 17, the American ex-champion pedestrian and sporting journalist, George M. Wells, of Sheffield, backed himself to pull a trotting sulky weighiug 601b. a quarter of a mile whilst a trotting horse trotted half a mile for £20. Wells was at one time the champion all-round pedestrian of America from 100 yards to half a mile, and from 1876 to 1881 won a large number of handicaps throughout England. He did not think it advisable to train for this match, and Btripped at 13st 41b., a tidy weight for a man only 5ft 7in. high. Wells turned out with the most approved American trotting sulky, fitted with pneumatic tyres, and weigh ing only 501b. This necessitated his conveying 101b. dead weight, which was strapped to the sulky seat. Owing to the late dry spell of weather, and the exercisinc of the trotters on the path, it was in a very loose state, but this did not deter Wells' friends laying 6 to 4 on him. It was about 6 o'clock when the pair went to their respsctive marks, Wells having to cover 1 lap 114J- yards of the course, and the ' gee gee' 2 laps 229 yards. Wells went away at a rather slow gait, and the horse jumped away so quickly that it momentarily looked good odds on on tho 'gee-gee'; but once in his running Wells put in some good work, and although he was only 114Jyds. in front of the horse at starting, he covered about 164 yards before the horse overtook him. Ho continued to travel at a fair rate, and although he tired at the finish, he managed to re tain the lead, and finally won by about 40 yards. The allotments for the race meeting at Warwick Farm this afternoon have been published by Mr. Daly, and have come in' for a good deal of criti cism from people who profess to know infinitely better than that gentleman how the work should be done. Horses that may rnD well in the Hurdle Bace are Warnton, Merrigal, and Grandwitch, whilst Paul Pry, Old Clo', and Antimony may get a place or two in the Farm Handicap. Newcastle won so easily at Rosehill on Saturday that a rise of 91b. iB not likely to keep him back to his horses in th-j Warwick Farm Handicap' if his party again put him in commission, and I see nothing likely to seriously trouble the son of Splendor unless it be Patrons, who has been treated with great con sideration, and Tho Captain, who may for a wonder be in a galloping mood. At times Stiletto has shown fair form, whilst at others he has galloped like a hack, but taking all things into consideration the handicappers treat him with unanimous and un explainable cruelty, as if they were determined to compel Mr. Doyle, who has the ill-luck to own the black, to leave tho turf aud its pursuits to those whom Fortune and weight-adjusters are prepared to deal more leniently with. On Saturday last Stiletto was unable to get a place in the Flying Welter when asked to carry 9st. 101b., but on Saturday next if he starts his burden will be 10st., and he is called upon to concede allow ances to such performers as Milkmaid, Juvenile, Bay Sal, Dora, Ganmain, Sir Arthur, etc., etc. Tho son of Invader is really being handicapped shamefully, and if Mr. Doyle could only sell the horse at anything like the handicappers' estimate of bis abilities he Bliould take my adyice and got rid of him. Candidates that have not too much weight are Broom, Bay Sal, and Dumb Girl. The Messrs. F. and W. Dodds have purchased the blood stallion Tho Gem, and he will in future do stud duty at Barraba, where he arrived on Monday, which was, somewhat strange to eay, the first occasion upon which his new owners Baw him ; but bred as The Gem is many things can be taken for granted, and so I am not surprised to learn that the Messrs. Dodda are very pleased with him. The Gem is a long, low bay horse, rising 18 years old, with heaps of muscle distributed over his quarters and compact frame, and he is as full of quality as an ' egg is full of meat. He was bred at Tocal, and is by Kelpie (imp.) out of Ida, that great, old mare, who, although she never had a saddle on her back, and was not more than a pony in height, gave the turf such performers as The Pearl (who won the Mel bourne Cup for John Tait twenty-five years ago), The Spy, The Arrow, The Jewel, and last but not least The Gem. Ida was by Vanguard out of Io, by Sir Hercules, out of Flora M'lvor (dam of Cossack, Zoo, Waimea), by Bous' Emigrant (imp.) from Cornelia — one of the greatest names in the Stud Bock. Flora M'lvor, it must be borno in mind, is dam of Frailty, who gavo us_ Tren ton, Niagara, Zalinski, etc., bo that it will be seen that The Gem it a wonderfully stout-bred animal. As a yearling he took the fancy of Mr. John Mnyo, under whose black and blue banner he ran exceedingly well ns a two and three-year-old, Bhowing considerable pace and much staying power. Later on he ran a couplo of brilliant races when ho presented that fine colt Morpeth with a lump of weight and a beating in the Summer Cup, and carried 8st 71b homo before First Demon and Aide-de-Camp in the Metropoli tan Stakes of 1883. Lo Grand and Sardonyx downed him for tho Randwick Stakes that season, and he had also to strike his colours before Morpeth and Sardonyx in the Anniversary Handicap, but several other good races fell to his lot, and he was always a great favourite with Mr. Mayo, who ad mired his courage and good temper. At the stud The Gem haB not been given much chance, but he has sired some excellent performers, and his son Bingara is just now doing well for J. E. Brewer over hurdles in Victoria. Backers did not enjoy themselves greatly at Flemington on Saturday, for only one first favour ite got home successfully during the afternoon, and then the bulk of the money went to the stable. Our old acquaintance A 11 Right was the popular pick for the Maiden Hurdle Race, but as usual the son of The Works quite failed to stay it out when pinched, and was overhauled in the straight by Hirundoandthe Onkaparinga Cup winner Veronica, the former, who is by Brandon out of Little Mary, winning by a head, Culzean being third. Mora, who won the Two-year-old Handicap, was formerly known as Tiara, and is by Malua — White Star. Mr. Murray, her owner, is a young member of the ring. Mr. Sep. Miller and hi3 friends put a good stake on Whernside for the Maiden Steeplechase, and the son of Glorious and Mildura won as he liked from Tapage and Queen B. A dozen horses had their toilets attended to for the Grand National Hurdle Bace, this being the smallest field which went out for this event since 1887, when Mr. Sam Cook's Yeoman beat seven opponents. Last season, when Emmalea cantered home in front, there were twenty-two runners, and in the previous year, when Apsley did the trick, there were 18 runners, but Tim Swiveller only downed 12 when he got ' there' in 1893. The Grand National Hurdle Race was instituted as far back as 1881, when it was won by Sir Peter, ridden by the late Tommy Corrigan. From 1881 to 1886 the dis tance was two miles six furlongs and 307-yards, but since 1887 it has been exactly three mileB. On Saturday Dungan, who had been so strongly fancied all along, was sent out favourite at 3 to 1, but disgraced himself by being out of it at half way. Morago, who was second in demand, did little better, only getting third place, but he jumped in very slovenly fashion. Artist fell, as did also Collingwood, who had been drawn in i consultation by a Muswellbrook syndicate. The winner Buzzi is by The Plunger out of Barrati, and 33 to 1 could be obtained about him at the poBt. The weight (9st.) was the lowest ever carried by a winner of the event. Zouroff, who finished second, was only started to get a bit of sweep money, whilst Emmalea did well to carry her 12at 8lb into fourth place. The final event fell to that beautiful filly The PariBienne, who is by Trenton out of Marie Louise, and who just defeated the Sydney galloway Martini and the consistent Miss Gladstone. The meeting at Bosehill on Saturday afternoon appears to have passed off pleasantly, although unfortunately there was an accident in one event. But as backers who make it a practice ' to follow the money' without asking for information had a very successful time of it, such a contretemps as a horse being killed was not allowed to interfere with the general joy over other matters. A start was made; with the Grainville Stak'es, for which Survivor and Australian weremade equal favourites, but whilst tho latter, who had been trained at Morpeth by Pat McCarthy, was never dangerous, the other fellow just succeeded in beating Old Clo' by half a length, whilst Discord was third. The winner is by Lochiel out of Melissa, dam of Juvenile, and is evidently very smart. Old Clo', whose first appearance it was in a metropolitan race, is also by the Prince Charlie horse. 4 to 1 was taken about Brooklyn and Satanella for the Brush Hurdle Race, but at the end nothing had a chance with old Whitefoot, who made hacks of Cornet and Sata nella. The winner is by the Kelpie horse Koreelah out of Hope, dam of HelmEman, and is the beau ideal of a hurdle racer, although he has not done much for a long time. During the race Brooklyn and Hotspur fell, and Hendricks, who rode the latter, had his collar bone broken, whilst Jack M'Mahon, who has come to grief several times lately, was much shaken and bruised by Brooklyn's buster. But that wasn't the worst of it, for the useful horse was killed. By the way, whilst M'Mahon was standing alongside Brooklyn in a stall before the race 'Jerry' Cleugh came up and advised Mac. to have a look at the horse before he got on him, as he seemed to bim like a joker that waB going to have a fall. I know not what possessed Cleugh to speak thus, and M'Mahon, too, was sceptical of the truth of the warning, as he only laughed, and replied that Brooklyn didn't' know how to fall. He learned quickly. The carefully kept Lieutenant was made a red-hot favourite for the Declaration Handicap, for which Loch Fad was also fancied, but all the runners carried more or less money. The favourite looked to have the race won in the straight, but Loch Fad gave him no pace, and, staying the better, won by a length, The Faithful being third. The winner is another scion of Lochiel, and as he won two races at Moorefleld he has now been successful thrice in succession. Kelso deputed The Captain to act for him in the Independence Handicap, and he was in great request until the Newcastle con tingent began to put the money on Newcastle, and he was quickly made second favourite. The Cap tain ran roguishly, and after the horses had got together in the straight and promised to make a very pretty race of it Newcastle drew out and won easily by nearly two lengths from Loch Leigh, whilst Clive was third. The winner is by Splendor from Camelia, by Kelpie out of Baroness, by Peter Wilkins, and was bred at Tocal. He is a good looking fellow, and at one timo promised to be just as good as he looked, but he is a somewhat difficult horse to train, and has been a considerable dis appointment to his party. Newcastle was prepared by Mr. James Chambers, on Messrs. Brown's private track, Motto Farm, near Raymond Terrace. Sport concluded with the Flying Welter, nnd for this backers of Lieutenant again rallied up, but he was once more doomed to defeat, Survivor winning by a bare head from Australian — who surprised hia friends by the gal lant effort— and tho favourite. A noticeable thing in connection with the ra«e was the desperate finish put in by Sir Arthur, who, hwvever, did not appear on the siene until the straggle wbb practi cally over. 