Bible Christian Sunday Sohool Anniversary. Tho anniversary of the above was colo brated on Sunday last, and continued and brought : to a - closo last Gvonin^. Tho ohildrca tinder tho domman'd of tho Superintendent; Mr E Berryman, assisted by the teaohors, looked their b^st on the raised platform improvised for the occasion, ' with their sparkling .banners, gay dresses,, and "bunches of blue ribbon to tie up their bonnie brown hair," And undor I ho skilled training of Mr W Vines, they sang sweetly and heartily. .TheRev R, Warren, of Elmore, was the offioating minister in. the morning and after .ncon.. Ho gave special addresses to the ohildron, taking for his text Eccles. X2th chap ter and lot Torso, "Remember now thy oreator." ; Ho said Soloman, tho author, of' tho book was 1 a preaoher,* and the book a sermon, Soloman toitwas Vanity of Vanities, eto., and the last chapter #as the, application,,to tho sermon. The first verso bears especially upon the young Firstly,-The admonition given "Remem ber now tho creator", oto... We; should re-: member Him, as tho author of our being, wo should remomber our entire dependence upon1 Him, for life, health,' and all things." Wo Bliouid remembor tho reverance,' worship, obedience, and'services due toHim. Secondly,— 'In tho "days of our youth,": Now these are the days of your choice ; two parties aro bidding for your affao-; tion and services, and it was tho teaoher's duty to aid tho children' in ohoos-! ing the good the pure, and the true: ohildron, who like young trees are easily bent and as wax easily impressed. In tho afternoon, tho address was con. tinued. Thirdly,—By ylolding obedience to thisad monition you would secUro to yourselves a friend In Christ to cheer, guide, and proteot | you in the journey of life. You will be pre., pared for useful service for tho masters, you will be prepared to meet affliction and death. He then addressed the teachers. He said their work was a grand one and the promise was encouraging. At the evening service the rev gentleman took for hiB text- Thess. 1st chapter and part of the 5th verse, "Our Gospel came not to you in word only, but in power and in the Holy Ghost and in much assurance." After the church was planted at Thessa lonia by Paul the unbelieving Jews were so incensed that they stirred up strife among the people, and Paul and Silas were subjected to severe persecution, and had to be sent away by night into Berea, Paul continued totako a deep interest in the ohuroh at Thessalonia. He was delighted at tho Gospelin their midst. The Gospel is bene fioial in what it has done for man and his salvation. The Gospel is divine in its origin and human in its instrumentality. Its blessings are for man, and it is to be preached by man. The Gospel is ours in trust and by experience. The Gospel comes in power ; its power, is felt, in the region of thought and in tho. region of emotion. Tho power to convince, to relieve and to sustain. This Gospol enlightens the under standing, spiritualises the affections, puri fies the heart and embraces the life. The ■ anniversary was continued last evening, when the children commenced the proceedings by singing one of their selections. Prayer followed, and then tho Rev H Pattinson, tho pastor of tho churoh, in troduced tho superintendent, Mr. E Berry man, who took tho ohair. Mr Berryman gavo an address on " Tho responsibility of parents in relation to the Sunday school." Ho said that if the teaohors and parents pulled together they could make the nexb generation one for God. "Their maroh is o'er the mountain wave ; their life is on the , deep," and parents should see that their children's barque sailed heavenward. Mr A R Cock followed, and paid a very high tribute to Sunday schools . and his late teacher, and made a splendid address to the children, concluding by making a strong ap peal to them to attend and tako an interest in the Sunday sohool. Mr Andrews gave a brief address on the subject of the teachers' responsibility to the Sunday school. Ho urged " them not to bB overcome by discouragement and disap pointment, but to trust in God, The Rev A Pattinson distributed the prizes, together' with a teacher's Bible to thoir lato superintendent, who is leaving the district. . REPORT. Mr Chairman and Christian Friends,— One purpose for whioh we are met to-night is to review the labours of another, year's work in connection with our sohool. It is my duly as secretary to present a faithful report whioh I will attempt to do. Look ing over the past and viewing the work as a whole we have reason to thank God and take courage. First, because death has not broken into our ranks, either among scholars or teachers. A large numborjof young and old in Eohuca have, during the year, been called upon to change time for eternity, Wo recognise God's goodness in our unbroken chain and pray that our spared lives may be more fully consecrated to God's service. The divine spirit hns been moving upon the hearts of the children to draw them to Jesus and somo have yielded tu his gracious, influence and have been adopted into God's family and made heirs of-heaven and joint heirs with Christ Jesus. Not' withstanding numorous romovala from the district and from other causes 'ws are able to report an luorease of 9 scholars for the year. We olosed tho year 1895 with II teachers and 77 6oholars. The average attendance of teaohers for tlio yoar lias benn 9 nnd of scholars 65. All tho teachors are ohuroli members, also 16 of tho scholars, in cluding those in the biblo olass. Tho 2nd class boys taught by Mrs Breeco occupy the prido of place for the best average attendance, while Miss May Ferguson ocoupies the honorable position of highest numbor of marks in tho sohool, ns the little ones cannot obtain as high a number of marks as the higher olassos it is right to stato that one or two little girls havo attended tho wholo year without missing. Wo have deoided to start a Sunday morning service for the ohildron nnd would ask tho parents to send their ohildron every Sunday morning as an efficient staff of teaohers have volunteered to take a share of tho responsibility. Tho costs of thB prizes nlono amount to over £4. Wo appeal to the parents to assist us to moot our financial obligations andalso to oncourage the ohildron to attend as regularly as possibio on Sundays. Thanking all for tho intorest displayed and tho holp afforded in tho past. Let us all do front things for God and expect great things from God in tho futuro. On behalf of the B.O.S.S., E H Greening, Soorotary. Tho treasurer reported that wo commenced tho yoar 1895 with la Id ; after paying for prizes and all other oxpenseB, wo closed tho year with a credit balanoo of £2 8s, and with tho prooeeds of tho nnnivorsary we trust wo shall be able to pay for prizes and meet all othor expenses to date. Tho binging by tho ehildron under the able training of Mr W Vines was oxoollont and loudly applauded by those present, par I tioulnrly iho item by tho infant olssaes, "Yes, Jesus Lovcb Mo." During tho even ing Mr W Vines was presented with a new and onlarged edition of "'Stored Songs and Solos " for his valuable Bervioes in training the ohildron. As suro a tho sun eetB in the east Wacom's Bakin P wdeb is L'Bttovthan yeoBt 