PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. OPENING SITTING. OSLEOTTO-N NOV 'XIODEIUTOtt. The iGcmenail Assembly of the dressy order Chairman of Queensland met in the Wiickih'.iimsbarriaoe Olnrrcih last drought The Rev. J. Crookston, Moderator of the past G General Assembly, conducted the opcMiti'iitg serVice, and the church was well filled. Mt. CaxvoltOstooi took for the test of his sermon the words, " Is there not a cause," Samuel, ah. well., verse 29. In the opening of the discourse, reference was made to David's combat with the great iGoillilaitlh, who for many days Oa'ad defied 'Lsnatefl. This youth David Hhoiugflit it a sh'ainïef'Ul and Geddes honouring thing that the soldiers of Israel tsUioaild fly from a mere mass of flesflL Saul, When he heard of David's rtaUtemitiom to battle with the growing, called the youth before they, saw seeing him but in youth without affairs, took down, hills men 'arriving and fitted it on David. But it would not fit and was cast aside as a hindrance, and David won't forth to do battle with the giant signed only with Oils trusty sling. He needed no such armour to oiifboMeai claim to stand up for the living good, but panelled in the duV'tetible swarms of the iKJmg of Kings, David went forth. to who would fight God's battles must be so enveloped in the shield of tfMHh, the theme of salvation, and the sword of the Samurai. The preacher went on to fell the story of David's memorable battle, Minell he held aloft the thirstily severed head of this giant. Than they gaJflheml about the dead giant, Mt Ma nauseous, measured rate spear, and spoke 'bûoiïtfaiiïly, tries" Where are many men who Gam gaze on the Mon dead, but who hated itlh'eJir breaCh at his own. What Israel (Lacked, David possessed a simple faults in, the power of God, Was there not a cause for swell to-day, he said ? The sitting aMid stone were very issuing, but they were very effective. Wiajs did not so with the simple gospel of Jesus Christ The isiiiniplioiity of it has been the isliaig-ötone to many. The present age was nmifceniiallisfclc In the thought How futile dependence was there upon the power of the Holy Ghost ins fall sufiMent for our word. How frauds were we coming to learn upon SaniTs armour, upon mere chairman agencies ! The 'tendency in Delay Church today was to give too big a spares to the onere Ihunrain, agency cared for JJiMo to the power of the spirit. There was a clause for the simple iUlith line 'Gkiutet's gasped. The Israelites thought that it was madness on David's spared to go out (against the giant Goliath. But David knew that GoMitlh Wats decided before over the stone struck. DawN Otoew it, and this mate who truly believed that evil was doomed, and that the spirit is waiting for the determined and inspired souls to do battle, a man who truly so believed would be denied nothing. They were weak because they did not truly believe these things. Simple methods' were" wanted to-day, and the sling and' stone. of David, not the polished armour of Saul. They would further notice the feature of David's youth. To the youth the seem angry impossible Is possible. Was there not a cause for a more independent stand upon the part of the Australian youth. A Judge in the South had said some time ago that the lack of the 'An s tration youth was the want of independent judgment and action. He feared it was true ; they followed, they did not lead. The young man of Australia had yet to battle with Goliath. There was much cause for our young men to take up Christ's cause and enter (His service in no half measure. There was no grander sight than that of a young life laid down on God's altar in self-surrender. Australia is waiting for this Australia was ripe for reaping ; who would put in the sickle The vices of Australia tripped their way, and who could so, effectively sweep them away as the young men ? Was there not a cause for true. loyalty in the, Church. 'The" loose notion that one Church was as good as another should be discouraged. There was a great cause not only for the more systematic teaching of the doctrines of their Church, but also of her glorious history. He believed that it would tend to bind young hearts to the Church that their fathers loved, that there would be an enthusiasm for the old Church under the Southern Cross, though two seas rolled between them. There was no way to attain the highest excellence all should strive for but by a faith simple and strong in God and His word that faith which took the human will and nailed it to the change- less cross of the changeless Christ. Constitution of the Assembly. At the conclusion of the service, the Assembly was constituted with prayer. The roll was called, and an apology for non-attendance was read from the Rev. W. Patterson. Appointment of Moderator. The Rev. James Crookston said that it was now his duty to vacate the chair, and in doing so he desired to thank them for the kindliness and brotherly love he had experienced during his term of office. He had to inform the assembly that the Rev. John S. Pollock, of Sherwood, had been nominated by a majority of the pres- by series for the position of Moderator. He proposed the Rev. Mr. Pollock as the Moderator for the ensuing year. The Rev. Dr. Hay, of Rockhampton, in seconding the motion, paid a graceful tribute to Mr. Pollock, who, he said, had been a minister of the Church for nineteen years. The new Moderator was then robed and conducted to the chair by the ex Moderator and Dr. Hay. In returning thanks for his election, the new Moderator delivered an address on " Some Thoughts regarding the Unity of our Church." Mr. Pollock said : " In certain directions it is not, perhaps, urgently needed that we insist upon the unity of the Presbyterian Church. Our system of government helps to keep this in view. Through congregational representation, and by appeal, overture, petition, of, our people and their affairs are constantly in evidence in the superior courts, and thus we receive an education in our relation to the Church as a whole. But we want more than this to emphasise our unity. It is not in the direction of the exercise of constitutional authority, but in the infusion of a great amount of brotherliness Of spirit, that our chief hope of emphasising our unity lies, and in a practical recognition in every way, that we form one family, and that every part of the Church has a claim upon the assistance and co-operation of the whole Church. We may press the outward order of things too fast and far, and this we do when constraint comes from, without, and depends for its effective- ness on the voice of official authority rather than the constraining love of Christ. A much-revered authority upon Presbyterian Church polity lays down the principle in this form : * The indwelling of the Spirit in the members of the Church, as it is the ultimate ground of its unity, so It is the cause or source of outward union in all its legitimate forms, The Church lost or ought to be, one-in faith, In communion, in worship, in organisation, and obedience, just so far, and no farther, than the indwelling Spirit is productive of such union. There are certain duties which necessarily arise out of this relation of believers to each other as members of the same Church, and which are co- extensive with the relation out of which they spring. Among these duties are sympathy and mutual assistance.' We make a large, profession in this direction when, we acknowledge ourselves Presbyterians., We acknowledge that we have relations, duties, and privileges, beyond our con- gi egational connexions that we are ministers, elders, and members of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland first, and of this particular congregations afterwards. By this I do not mean that there is no wider Church connexion than even Presbyterian for we assert for ourselves no more than a place in the great body of believers of which Jesus Christ is the Head ; but in a special seine we, from the very fact of connexion with the Presbyterian Church, not only profess ability to fully and cordially co-operate and worship with those holding such views of doctrine and polity, but that we covenant so to do, making their interests our own, and holding ourselves in readiness to serve them with such gifts and powers as God hath bestowed upon us. With us the question of agreement is professedly settled. This being' so, it is a matter of detail as to how best the whole Church might benefit by all the gifts within it. This is one of the chief reasons that call us together namely, that we might resolve upon the best methods for directing and encouraging our ministers and people to place their services at the disposal of the Church, and of so arranging the work that it may fall in with our agreed order and polity, And first, let me say a word about personal services. No greater mistake could be made than to suppose that because one is inducted to the pastorate of a congregation that his rela- tion to the Church, and services In it, should be confined to that particular congregation. Perhaps no minister believes this, and yet although he may hold differently, and believe that if the opportunity were given he might serve the Church beyond the limits of his particular charge, he may be held back from doing so by circumstances and considerations of one kind and another. It may be the want of supply for his pulpit, or lack of funds to meet expenses; or it may be-and we fear It is very com- monly-the selfishness of his own congregation, who will not agree for a short time to accept of such preaching supply as is available. It is time to ask ourselves, Is there anything in the nature of Presbyterian older of fixed pastorates to prevent the Church generally sharing in the benefits of the entire ministry? Some think that there is, and that the adoption of a plan of circuit exchange every few years would be an improvement on our present older. The advantage of a fixed pastorate are neither few nor small, and it would be on evil day for Presbyterianism when the time-honoured and, we believe, apostolic practice was given up. But undoubtedly we may have a good thing carried too far, and this would be the case in the present instance if the fixing of a minister in one place or pastorate wholly prevents him serving beyond the bounds of the congregation in which he is placed. All honour to those ministers and their congregations, who, recognis- ing their wider relations, have found ways and means to visit and help their brethren, and to do church extension work, of which in many instances no official notice was taken, and the fronts of which can never be tabulated or appraised I believe that I am well within the mark in saying that the Home Mission and Church extension work carried out by the ministers and elders of the Church, who are not recognised agents working under the Home Mission Committee, is, in any given year, or during the twenty years or more that I have been in Queensland, greater than that carried on and reported to the General Assembly by the Home Mission Committee. And in what better way could it be carried out What way more open to all ministers and congregations to help forward Church extension? What minister of our Church could not find an unoccupied preaching station within reasonable distance of his own church, to which he might minister' And what congregation could not find a needy cause which 'It might foster? I am aware that there may be old and infirm ministers who find the services of their own congregations a full tax upon; their strength. But this cannot be used by all. The young and vigorous could without shortening their days, do something beyond the stipulated quota of work expected of them by their congregations, and the congregations could, by the exercise of generous freedom given to their pastors, and by financial aid, do very much to support and extend the Church of Christ beyond their borders. In expressing myself in this way, I am far from supposing that I recommend some new or untried methods. I have already said that in my opinion the larger and more constant part of the work of Church extension has been, and is carried on by this means. We have men amongst us who have grown white in the service of the Church, who, whilst ministering faithfully to their own con- gregations, have spared neither themselves nor their pockets In labour- ing also in the regions beyond.' I remember, when I was minister of the Esk charge, the proprietors of one station, who gave more liberally than any other to my support, said to me, Although we should like to have you as frequently as possible to visit and preach to us, we are willing to forego some of your services that other places, who -li cannot contribute much to your support, may have the benefit of them, This is the spirit we should like to see manifested by all our congregations, and particularly our rich and large ones, and we feel sure that if it universally obtained we should have many a preach- ing station ministered to which at pis- sent is without the ordinances of public worship, and many preserved and won to the Church of God and religion which would otherwise be lost to both. But Church extension work, which lies at the doors of our ministers, does not exhaust the limits to which their services should extend. There are difficulties, no doubt, in the way of frequent intercourse in our widely-scattered districts which is not exist in more closely-settled ones ; but obstacles in a good cause are things to be overcome, and If only there exists a hearty goodwill, it will prove the fertile source of ways and means of expressing it. It has been frequently remarked, with what measure of truth I will not undertake to say, that the social element is a weak point in Presbyterianism. It ought not to be so, and it rests with us to make this reproach obviously inapplicable to us by drawing as closely as may be the fraternal bonds which bind us together, and by letting it be known that as brother ministers and elders we possess that mutual esteem and affection for one another without whom our union is a hollow pretence. The divine blessing waits upon the fulfilment of conditions on our part in this case, a hearty fraternal sympathy and friendship. ' Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity, for there the Lord Commanders the blessing, even life for evermore.' I come now to notice my second point namely. How may the financial resources of the Church be laid under tribute for the maintenance of ordinances throughout the whole Church ? If I have carried you with me in my contention that our ministers are ministers of the white Church, and that our congregations are the care of the whole Church, you will not be able to escape the conclusion that the Church as a whole rests the sup- port of the ministry,. and the maintenance of ordinances in such places as she in her wisdom has established. So many of our weak and country charges have been left to perish for want of a helping hand In lamp of port It is a painful, and perhaps I would not be going too far to say, a shameful, thing, that the number of charges ministered to" by fixed pastors outside the" neighbourhood of Brisbane is little more than what it was twenty years ago. That we have so many charges throughout the colony against which the word ' vacant' must be written is very sad. Every one of these has doubtless its individual history ; a special why and wherefore to account for its position ; but there can be no doubt that the chief cause is lack of funds. - But why should this be so ? Can any member of this Assembly convince himself that with the readiness to help evinced by the home churches, on good cause being shown, the well-known ability to assist of our stronger congregations, and the support obtainable In these places themselves, that a living wage could not be obtained for the ministers ? We think not. The fault is that through defect in our plans assistance has not come in time, or not come at all. We have been going too much on the supposition that we have only to take initial steps in the organis- ing of a charge send a man to a place, and leave him there, believing that if he is only the right kind of man he will have no difficulty in finding his way, and maintaining himself. There has been too little appreciation of the difficulties that stand in the way of those who put loyalty to their Church and her traditions before a cheap and passing popularity, who believe In regular, steady work, which kept up long enough, would secure the rooting of permanent and healthy causes-too little appreciation of the fact that while there may be a tremendously wide territory ministered to the number of those who are disposed to give to the support of the gospel may be very small, and that often much of promised support is contingent In its realisation Upon a minister possessing a fact which savours more of worldly policy than Christian faithfulness. We believe that if the difficulties of those who hold the outposts of our Church were better understood by our people, the loneliness and fatigue, the straitened means, and peculiar trials of those who occupy these positions, there would be a going out to them on the part of the Church, not only in sympathy, but substantial help. What, again, takes place when the post Is relinquished for want of this help ? Most frequently there is a suspension of services, disorganisation of what has been formed with much care, alienation of those who were identified with our cause, and a recommencement, sooner or later, if at all, under more disadvantageous circumstances than in the first instance, and the necessity of reduction to a Home Mission cause, lean- ing in a great measure upon the assistance of that committee's funds for the minister's support. So that where a few pounds, timely given to assist an almost self-supporting charge to carry on, would have secured that object, ten times as much will not have the same effect when once it is reduced, or broken up. Why should it be necessary for a congregation because it is weak to be reduced so as to be deprived of a regular pastor, and to fall on the Home Mission Committee for supply that it may exist at all I am Presbyterian enough to believe that the more our charges, including our weak ones, are superintended and gulled by the presbyteries within whose bounds they are, the better it will be for them. The Home Mission Committee have a great and noble work to do, but it seems to me that if that committee is to combine, as it now does, sustentation with strictly home mission work, there should be a reversal of the proportionate division of funds, that large portion being devoted to the supplementing of stipends in weak charges, and the smaller to the establishment of new charges at least, until all that is possible of the old and vacated ground is retaken and established upon a satisfactory footing. Better, however, in my opinion, would be a sustentation fund on a separate and adequate basis, with a real live Susten- tation Committee, which would make the vast and vital importance of this matter to be felt by all the Church, and wipe off the reproach from which it suffers by the spectacle of so many vacant charges, far removed from any ministra- tions of our Church, and which would bring hope and good cheer to our isolated and hard-pressed brethren, who sometimes labour under privations and difficulties known only to the initiated, and who at times have to swallow the bitter pill of leaving a cause endeared to them, amongst other things, by what they have endured and sacrificed for it, and who know that the relinquishment is a distinct blow to our Church progress. What Church in all the world ever prospered where the weak congregations were un cared for Where would the Free Church of Scotland be to-day were it not for her Sustentation Fund ? How could the Irish Presbyterian Church have maintained her footing and extended her borders as she has done since disendow ment by-the State, had she not had the wisdom and magnanimity to establish, and, that by the unselfish sacrifice of her young ministers and the liberality of her people, a Sustentation Fund ? Can we hope to do without that which others have found so necessary ? We may not for the present accomplish such great things as the parent Churches have done, but has the spirit of the fathers quite departed from their sons ? Does not the history of the former, Nehemiah like, speak to us of the good hand of God upon them, and of the Great King's words spoken unto them ? And should not our response be, like the Hebrews of old, Let us rise up and build' ? This is no question of benevolence, but of duty, of justice, and of right-of a, necessary condition of all health, progress, and spiritual blessing ; a question of con- sistency, of whether we shall prove In- deed that we are possessed of the spirit of Presbyterian brotherhood, and have a care for the cause of God where it most needs our help. I know what some will urge against any scheme having this for its object the inability of some, the difficulty of convincing others, and last, but not least common, the danger of encouraging idle and inefficient ministers and careless congregations. But I would remind those who put forward these objections that they have been always made. There is always a lion in the street for the man who has no wish to go out of doors, What has not proved an insuperable barrier in other Churches need not prove so here. Surely this is a matter in which we may hope for success in advocacy of our cause, and, especially in this Assembly, ' commend ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God.' " A cordial vote of thanks was given to the ex-Moderator, on the motion of the Rev. D. F. Mitchell, for the manner in which he had discharged 100 duties of his once and for the sermon delivered by him during the service. A vote of thanks, on the motion of Dr. Hay, was also given to the Moderator for his address. It was decided to write to the Uni- versity of Glasgow, thanking the University for the honour it had done the Rev. J. (M'Swaine, and through him the Assembly, in conferring upon him the degree of Doctor of Divinity. Miscellaneous. Committees were appointed to draft an address to the Governor and to draft a minute in memoriam of the late Mr. J. M. Brydon. It was decided to notify the appointment of the Moderator to his Excellency the Governor. The Assembly adjourned at 9.45 p.m. until this morning, when various reports will be read and other important business transacted. Princess Beatrice is a special favourite with the Empress Eugenie, after whom her little daughter is named. Glass stained to represent the grain of wood, and varnished, is being used as veneer for interior decorations, 