Parisian Parlance. [?] , murder bf the' Shah; of Persia adds one complication more to. tho un certainty of Europe. Any fresh conflict between Russian .arid British; interests reaoto on the other Powers', arid more especially on France', who is hook and eyed to the Muscovite, arid must occupy hor bed as she-haB mode it. A olear- the-way writer suggests that in order to seourepeaoo at once; at tho outset, tee rivals 'ought to agree to take what they aro certain to bring about in the course of a few years, the, division of Persia between them. The Gzar would take tho north pole moiety, tho Empress of India the southern half. Tho latter ought to inolude the whoreabouts of tho Garden of Eden.- Such a second holy land windfall to Albion ought not to chagrin France, sinco one of her sons, it is said, wrote a brochure as profound as a thosis by a blue-goggled German savant,, that tho true site of the Garden of Eden was neither round about the Euphrates nor in the vicinity of the Horth Pole, but Puis. . Perhaps the exact topo graphical boundaries havo. disappeared with the Jardin Mabillo. A very wideawako public man, and a "travelled Thane," made a singular remark to mo a few evenings ago. Russia has a dread that -England, may invado her from India, a matter quito practicable, and so destroy her Asiatic' ' prestige, and that England holds tho German Em peror by her tried and Mstorical friend ship with Austria and Italy. It is best to judgo the now Shah from his work ; as a rule, heirs apparent become now characters on ascending thrones, The Prince of Wales and Falstoff, the Kaiser and Bismarck to wit. In presence of the sudden outburst of summer, people take nri interest either in home or foreign questions. Ninety degrees in tho shade has even destroyed all ouriosity in the hanging man, who does Ms own Jack Kotch work during 13 days for the gate money. Except having no wMte cap over Ms hoad, and a blouso for a winding sheet, the swinging is perfectly done. Ho has a three feet drop from the ceiling of a- cafe concert room ; comtemplateB space with half closed eyes, muscularly listens to tho orchestra executing all tho known " Dead Marches," from that in Saul to Ham-Hill's " Pendu." Ho is allowed fifteen minutes for re freshments, fivo minutes . greater liber ality than at a railway' station; and which consists of a rest for his feet on tho rung of a ladder, sponging Ms con gested hands and faco, _and Bpraying his nose with ether till time he called. Tho municipal elections have unmis takably shown that tho nation remains profoundly indifferent to political ques tions, and apparently dries riot care a fig either for the Montagus or the Capu- lots. Tho newspapers oannot crack up the pcoplo to donco at all to their piping. The journals do not re- oord the railroad operations, and thoir conquest consequences of the English Dongola-wards. Thanks to tho moral, and tho hinterland material help of Britain, Italy is recovering hor position in Abyssinia. Sho will bo omnipotent when the Anglo-Egyptian railway skirts Kassala and Massowah, ;< that with through trainB from Berber to Suakira, and river police on tho Nile in the form of stern paddle-wheel gunboats,- ; will restore tho Khedive Ms frill territory. Indeed, railways are quite as important as Maxim guns for opening up territory. France ought to start a lino from Ohock, if only for tho accommodation of tho scientific missions and ambulance corps of Russia. Tho Czar is making a railway rush at Herat, and England is going to lay down rails through Belooohistan ; that scheme will aid tho Shah and give fresh grit .to tho Ameer, who, besides, is ablo to look after Mm- solf from Cahul to Herat. 'Ho has all tho enormous war resources of Nortk- Wristorn Iudia to bri placed at his \- domand for help against' raiders. The Transvaal is not qow considered to be a danger. It is a. pity that tho officious Tempt, that prints letters from its special correspondents always signed by. them, has forgotten to do so in tho caso of its contributions from Pretoria. That anonymity for the Temps deprives its statements of next to all value. The French, not the less, have to admit that neither the British Govomniont nor the British nation were oognisant of the raid against tho Trans vaal, and when fully informed of tho lamentable faets thoy did not hesitate to indignantly condemn them. But that said, President Kruger is not relioved from tee responsibility of removing a source of troublo and of grave dangor to South Africa, by tolorating the political and oivio iniquities , teat ery aloud for redress iu his republic. Thoy wore in tolerances and evils of not an un like naturo that led to tho dis appearance of Poland. Incapahlo to be mended, she was onded. Every woll organised Government cannot re main indifferent to, oannot allow ohnos and unrest to continue in States, claim ing to bo more or - less independent, wliilo toiiohing its frontiers, how muoh loss can thoy he expoctod to display angelic pntionce when sucji auissolvont exists within its own: realms. The United States compelled the Mormons to "trek " bocuuso thoir mode of govern ment was in violation of civilised usages. Ultimately tho sect had to ho squeezed, into conformity with modern laws and customs. . . ' There iB an international exhibition party, whose members, liko the aendemioians, are immortal. Thoy korip nlivo tho sacred fire of world's- fairs by annual banquets and mutual" admiration yarns. One of thoso feasts has just taken pluoo, mid ondless proana were indulged in respecting tho 1900 coming glory. Tho future show doos not develop tho ghost of enthusiasm save among the officials and tho hangers-on with axes to grind. It is gratifying to find that tho dissidonts havo joinod tho majority, and that nil iB going ns a marriage boll. It is Strange that no viows of what the 1900 Exhibition building is, or will be, are displayed in the photo shops, tho fine art depots, or on pookothandkor- ohiefs. Tho .structure is tpo big to bo douo iri gingerbread vor to figure on a pipo bowl. "No eighth wrindor, of tlie "world has yet boon registered ns due at the show. Tho projeot of opening flats deep into tke.'r'oiirth;' ^corre sponding. to , geological strata has been renounced; tho heat of tho aportwonts would be 'bo intouso that only salamau- dors ooiild heoomri -tonarits;' Deputy Deloncle, who has .British evacuation nf Egypt on tho brajn; h#e received the raw- material of tho; glass for his big . I . telescope, whioh . is to bnng tbe meon within 40 miles of our eyes. 'With tho Rontgen X ray .the deputy ought te he ablo to solve numerous equations, .such as whon the constitution will be revised ; when the Artori list of 104 purists will be printed; wkon President Kruger will visit London; and when the DongolaYraw de luxe will start for Darfur and Nyasso, calling at Johannesburg for growling Uitlanders. The glass will be able to mako revelations before being definitely mounted. - It ought to kill the guild of somnambulists, and break the heart of Mdlle. Angel-Gabriel Oouldori.; Could tho fortune-tolling spyglass not .be worked in with tee penny-in-the-slot machines? ,The latter _ now throw off the halfpenny-a-liek ices in tinfoil packages. ' r Whether the Belgian troops on tee Congo join (or otherwise) Italy and England to smash Mahdism, it must not be forgotten that tho ' commandant, Lothaire,- coolly and wilfully inurdoredan innocent British subjeot, and Lothaire's punishment cannot be bought off by any messof pottage. Since the military renais sance of England set in last January, sho must display a Cromwell vigour in teaching nations how to respect her sons. There must be no temporising with tee Britieh Monroe doctrine, ap plicable to all parts 'of the world— eivis Bomanus ego sum. Tho hanging of Lothaire from a " big tree" in the Soudan, would have more offect on the Mahdists than a battalion- of Belgians. Order Lothaire into tho dock at Brussels, and let justice take a few instantances of his crime. Tho auto-mobile vehicles oommence to be very numerous in the- streets. Between them and bicycles, thore will soon ho no moving safely in the oijiy. The cyclists seem to make a Roman sacrifice to not block the way ; thoy are tee victims of mortal accidents. But then, thoy carry suoh a number of packages on their heads, strapped oil their backs, or tied to tho macMne, teat boing crushed beyond all surgory is to bo expected. A motor oar can pull up within a yard, especially when run into by a. throo-horso omnibus; a cyclist cannot come to a standstill within teat short distance ; often Ms course is but a choice between Scylla and Charybdis. It appears that if these parcels delivery cyclists.be converted into pancakes, tho persons who employ them as carriers can bo held liable for damages to the relatives. Happily horses still wear winkers, so aro unable to perceive their rivals tho automobiles. A now inven tion has appeared, the raft-bicycle. It is a wheolor on dry land, with a carnage annexe-; the latter can be fixed up as a canoe, and wheelman and his hike can cross a stream, wind, and weather per mitting-. . Parisians are busy packing up to retire to' their suburban residences for the summor. The ability to do so is ever a barometer of tho well- boing of a family. Unable to quit his city flat, pains paterfumilius on account of his children's health ; he in dulges in no false pride iu the keeping up of appe&rancos.; Ho informs nU whom it may interest that ho cannot afford tho expense, so philosophically resigns to Beek consolation in. his cafe with old cronies in a game of piquet, and drawing out his muzagran or hook, to koop Ms throat moist by bird sips ; till tho hour fixed- by Ms wife for tee ourfew comes round. But ho will never get into debt for tho will-o'-therwispism of keeping up appearances. Ono of ihe greatest pleasures Of residing in France is that a Mrs. Grundy is no moro recognised than tho Duo d'Or- leans or Prince Victor Napoleon, and teat tee French do uot bestow tee slightest attention upon, or in the re motest way concern themselves about, your movements or affairs. There aro fewer families "summoring" thissoasou than as compared with other times; thore would be less only for tho exten sion of the co-operative system, which enables families to board and lodgo togother. It is a highly economical form of collectivism, and is not tho worse for, the bnokbitings and freterni- tios, the exohange of maledictions, and the swearing of otemal friendships. But that's life and love. 