From an Australian Verandah. [By Bobebt Eichabdson in the People's Fbiend.1 Thk little garden is lying dim and dark ling below us, and in the delicate air of the j spring night the garden scents that hare languished during the warm noonday take heart of grace, and come floating up to us - where we sit in the starlit verandah, in an invisible faint cloud of incense. Ton cannot distinguish or separate the several ] odours, but every now and then' the roses | seem,t-o triumph for a moment over their sistert; but it is only for a moment, and then they blend again with ascore of other garden smells hardly less sweet and pene trative, and with the delicately pungent j odour that is wafted in from the sea. Ton are just aware of the near presence of the | ocean in this feint breath of Hie sea-wrack | and the moist feel in the wind. The garden slopes down through the I night and the misty starlight, stooping low to the white kiss of the ride; and from where we sit we can just catch the blue | glitter of the ripple breaking on the little ! crescent of beach. The hay itself lies under a sheeny mist of light, which here and there breaks in a phosphorescen t gleam, and here and there reflects a brighter star, as though the orb had dropped out of the heaven and lay shimmering on the breast -of the water. Straight across the bay the hills loom up into the night, looking twice their actoal height in the grey haze, the outline of their summits mingling dimly with the low stars. They girdle the harbour like silent outposts keeping watch against mid night foes, and in their sheltering shadow I lies the sleeping city, its vigil lights mak ing a pale sheen in the purple sky, the ; steeples rising faintly above the dark ! masses of wall and tower. Now and then a boat drifts across the I hay, slim-masted, with languid sail, pale gold, and drooping in the light wind. Into the dark they pass like ghosts, bnt from one there is blown up to ub a silvery waft of music. The voices follow the-song with a lightness and precision made donbly light and delicate to our ears by the distance and the interspace of water, which softens all inequalities, and invests the simple melody with an added pathos and signifi- ; cance. From the harbour month the bright in termittent star of the electric light comes and goes, like an eye set deep in the brow of the night—now a vivid blazing flash for a moment, now ebbing and flickering into the night; and we connt the seconds until it trembles back to life again, and the golden radiance streams across the harbour. Every now and then at rare intervals the level blowing wind fans itself into a little fitful puff, scarce flattering the flag of the man-of-war that on the waveless water floats doable—motionless ship and nnmo tionless shadow. Here and there her spars are touched with the starlight, and her ropes show thin and black like cobwebs— a delicate tracery or network, "fineas a skein of the casuist Escolar's." Indeed ! the whole ship looks mystical and legendary in this mystical light, and as the very bark of the " Ancient Mariner" might have looked when she came back from her fate ful voyage.' Bnt, to be sure, the strange glamour of | the southern night is over all the world. Nothing looks real and palpable and of this earth beneath this magical soft light of the "Cross" and its sister stars. All things seemed of shadowland—intangible and darkly beautiful, and snggestive of a thousand things which the heart feels yet [ the tongue cannot name. From those darkly-glimmering woodlands you expect presently to hear the "horns of Elfland faintly blowing," and looking down on the - shadowed garden below, you are irresistibly reminded of the whole feeling of the " Ode to the Nightingale" :— " Bnt here there is no light, Save what from heaven is by the breezes blown Through verdurous paths and winding J mossy ways." Surely here, too, if anywhere in the world ] there are " Faery casements opening on the foam." The beauty of the Austral night is like | the beauty of a Cleopatra, rich and large. Eossetti inust have dreamed of waters like these, and a night lika this when he pic tured the Blessed Damozel— " Her eyes werC stiller than the depths Of waters stilled at even, She had three lilies in her hand, And the stars in her hair were seven." . Nowhere in the world probably is there so large a proportion of beautiful nights as : in Australia, nowhere on so many evenings in the year can you sit out of doors and | bathe your heart and 6onland imagination, and every sense and feeling you possess, bodily or mental, in the beauty of the j night; its enchantment and strange gla mour, its infinite suggestive'ness, its all possessing overpowering inarvel, new every night, and as irresistible in its spell at this moment as when the stars first swam to the first mortal's ken, absorbing your whole being and making the heart eloquent while the tongue is dumb^ the heart ache with the pain of overwrought emotions | while the lips are sealed. To-night the sky is tremulons with light, The stars bang in rich clusters like some ] tropical frnit, and warm light seems verit ably to drop from them, while the constel lations themselves appear to throb and pal- ' pitate in the purple-like gems on the breast of a southern beauty, or like " jewels in an Ethiop's ear." The three larger stars of | the Cross burn like liquid diamonds; mak ing doubly dark the black pool of sky im mediately beneath. The constellations are so thickly sown in the heavens that the sheen of one overflows and mingles with J its neighbonr, so that a soft dim mist of < light suffuses large spaces of the sky. The light wind .seems to shake the stars like light wind seems to shake the stars like blossoms, and now and then one drops j from its place, cuts a swift gleaming arc across the vault, and is lost. ' Down dark tides the glory slides And, star-like, mingles with the stars.' I do not say that no land canshow nights like this. The nights in Northern Italy, and in Southern France, and among the I Highlands of Switzerland, in summer and j autumn, are in most respects as glorious ! and magical, bat I must repeat that there is no land yields so many nights in the year like this. What I am so feebly describing is not an exceptional Australian midnight. These ) nights are the rale from January to De cember. They are so much a matter of course that Australians themselves have almost grown insensible to their marvel and heanfy, and unconscious of their spell. The climate of Sydney is by no means a perfect one, any more than the climate of ! any other where. When the north- easter blows in damp and clammy from the sea it exhales lassitude and inertia from its moist 1 breath; and when the torrid west wind ! sweeps in from the sun-parched interior it ' dries the sap in the bones, and tbe red blood in tbe veins, like a volcano blast. But for the most part the night brings re lease and respite, temperate airs anda deli cate balm for both body and spirit. I am not of tbose who overland tbe Australian climate. Its very exhilaration, its excit ability, if I may use the word for the power j of creating excitement of spirit, brain, and I nerve, is exhaustive, a fact which many I lose sight of. That an intensely exhilarat- j ing climate may in the long run be an ex- ] haustive one is not a paradox, but an obvi ous enough fact. But while allowing certain not inconsiderable drawbacks in the Aus tralian climate, I stand stoutly by the ! nights. They are in number, in beanty, in enchantment, unrivalled the world over. I The soft wind raffles the clump of bam boos, and this and the low ripple of the j wave are the only eonnds abroad on the | .night. But now from the room behind us j there steals the'rich, low note Of a con tralto. Some one is singing Schuberfs " Adieu," a melody in absolute accord with the scene and the hour, its minor note of subdued pathos and infinite tenderness, a subdominant mood that seems struggling to rise into one of exaltation and triumph. The lovely harmony is at once simple and | rich, flowing fall, deep, and clear; no trick j or meretricious glitter, so simple that a j child may feel its spell at a first hearing, and a master be not indifferent to it at the hundredth. The hidden voice flows on, and thesonnd streams out upon the night, and mingles with its dream-like beauty. " Adieu!" it I is a soft-sonndiDg word, but its import is j more bitter than its sound is-beautiful. And " Farewell," said Heats, very aptly, " sounds like a passing knell." Most of us have to say it very often in our brief life ] voyage, but some more often than others. Adieu! bright southern nights. Hind faces and friendly voices that gave to the night j an added grace, adieu ! Anf wiedersehn, I hope it may be. | 