CURRENT TOPICS The Seymour Forde Opera Company. —This excellent combination produced ' Mari tana' at the Burra Institute on Wednesday night last to a moderate, but thoroughly ap preciative audience, and encores were the order of the night. The songs and choruses were rendered with equal effect as on the pre vious night, and the acting was up to the high est standard. It is very likely that the com. binatioo will again visi'. Burra at an early date OBITOARY.— The friends of Mr. Hugh Anderson (brother of Messrs. David, William George and John Anderson) whofor many years resided in Burra, and who left the town some time ago for Sydney, died on January 4 of tbe presest year, through the effects of burns re ceived while extinguishing his bed clothes and curtains on December 20, 1895. His arms legs and fsue were burnt very badly. He leaves a wife and three children. Mr. J. Liule john, who for some time had charge of the Burra waterworks as engineer, died suddenly at Broken Hill on Monday last. ABSENT.— At a certain school not very far from Halifax, it used to be the daily custom for the scholars to repeat the Apostles Creed, one beginning, I believe in God the Father Al mighty, the text going on, Maker of heaven and earth, and so on turn and turn about, until the creed was concluded. It was also usual for the scholars to occupy the same places day after day, so that a boy always repeated exactly the same bit of creed. This arrangement Jed to a rather amusing scene one day when one of the pupils happened to be ahsent. The creed was said as usual until they came to the passage, I believe in tbe Holy Ghost, when the boy whose turn it was to go on hesitated for a minute, and then said, please sir, him as be lieves i1 th1 Holy Ghost isn't here to-day. Samples. — Three samples of stone from Paratoo (the claim held by the Burra gold mining syndicate) were sent to Adelaide for I assay a few days ago, and the return showed that No. I sample (iron stone) realised 7 ot. 6dwts of gold, and Sdwts of silver to thetonj No. 2 (quartz and iron stone) 2 oz. 10 dw s and a trace of silver. No. 3 (quarz and iron stone] 2 «z. lodwts and a trace of silver. The samples were taken from a depth of 106 feeti the lode being 3 feet wide. Men are engaged on the felaimj and the syndi cate will shortly send for assay a bulk of five tons. A sample similar to those sent to the School of Mines is now on view at Mr. P. Lane's establishment. Off to the West.— During the past few months many Burra residents have decided to seek a more prosperous livelihood in the West, and most of them have succeeded in securing fairly good positions, and are satisfied wifh their venture, while others who failed to get work are living in hopes of securing something profitable before long. During the next few days several other residents will leave the town for the West, having come to the conclusion that is useless remaining here any longer. We wish them every success and trust that their good opinion of the 'golden city1 will be realised ten fold. PASTORALis'fs' AssobiATiotf.— A meeting of the Burra branch of the Pastoralists' Associa tion of South Australia and West Darling was held at the Commercial Hotel on Friday last, when a good muster of members attended in eluding Mr. N. \V. Stirling from Adelaide. Secretary presented a report of tbe work done at Burra during past season, and Mr. Stirling gave short sketch of the past and coming year. Mr. P. &. Scott was elected secretary, in place of Mr. Whyte who has left the district. A Simple Receipt. — How to gradually change the grey color of the hair to its origina color so that it will not be noticed. Why should you look old and careworn. The grey hairs are coming whether you like it or not and you are lobking old. Their are hundreds that it can be ielitd upon. How frequently we hear the expression ' How grey you are. getting ' and it is true. There are many things which cause the color of the hair to change It is a wonder many uf us have stood the troubles we have, without soon affecting the color of our hair. We are able to write well of Cross's Hair Reviver — it will possible re store hair to its original color. This s not a mere statement, but born out by fact. It is not a dye, gradually imparts to the hair through the hair cells what nature has Jos', thus giving to the hair what is necessary to restore it io its natural color. It is a wonderful discovery and so simple. Sprinkle on the hair. Sold by all chemists and stores. Price is and 6d qer bottle. Charles Cross, Chemist, Malvern Adelaide. — Advt. Death to the Rabbits. — Tbe subject of rabbit destruction is one of the utmost impor tance to every landholder, and it is pleasing to know that, after the use of traps and the num erous * infallible ' poisons advertised, a pre paration has at length been prepared which promises to prove most effectual in exterminat ing the rodent. We have had our attention drawn to the composition made by Mr. W. J. King, of Balhannah, known as ? Ruff on Rabbits,' which, by tbe way, Mr. Francis H. Snow, the well-known patent agent, considers the most powerful rabbit destroyer which has yet been patented in this colony } and Mr. B. Sanders, of Mount Barker, who has used the poison pretty extensively, has given some par ticulars in reference to its use. After a fair trial Mr. Sanders pronounces the preparation a complete success. In stocked paddocks the * medicine ' has been spread on sticks and put down the rabbit burrows, the amount of des truction being judged by the swarms of flies and by the smell, while in empty fields the poison is placed on the ' buck heaps ' with tbe result that scores of dead animals are seen lying about, and by this met bed the skins are secured. Mr. Sanders is confident that if all landholders who are troubled with the pest would adopt the use of * Ruff on Rabbits ' a clearance would soon be effected. Accepting the Opportunity. — Some people Ho, and some do not, know that with it 1896 brought 4 Leap Year,' and already some of our girl have commenced to leap, conse quently several young and promising bride grooms have received unexpected shocks to the system. A pair who have kept company for a long period visited the post-office the other night, and the question of ' the mysteries of a comet' cropped up, which led the fair one to suddenly remember that it was leap year Without mincing matters the girl took advan tage of the occasion and put the question to her lover. ' Will you be my lawful husband ? ?' 'Great Scott,' he exclaimed, ' Where am I ?' * It's alright,' she answered, ' You know it's leap year,' and when it wasn't leap year you didn't ask me to be your lawful wife ; in fact, I have been in doubt a long time as to the ulti mate result of our courtship, anJ now I want to kno*. The surprised one looked on in despair, and at last be said, * I'll think it over and give you a reply by letter in a day or two.' But this attempted bluff was useless, as he w?s informed that he had years to consider, but yet he had never arrived at finality. Neither did he arrive at finality that evening, but abruptly left the young woman, saying, * You are talk ing rot.' Now it will be a serious thing for gallant protector if tbe fair one takes steps to mix up a breach of * not asking' case. Burra Hospital. — A meeting of the com mittee to accept tenders foi 1896, was held at the Hospital on December 27, 1895. Present — Messrs. Harvey (chairman), Lockyer and Sandland. Tenders accepted — Grades and drapery, Drew & Crewes ; meat, Rabbicb and Sons ; bread, W. Gebhardt ; milk and fire wood, T. Bewley ; roots, Simbowsky ; lime, C. Woodruff: funerals, T. W. Pearce. A meeting of the Board of Management was held on Jai.uary 9, 1896. Present — Messrs. Har vey (chairman). Bowman. Lockyer, O'Leary, Sandland, Walsh and Dr. Brummitt. Dr. Sangster and Mr. Hawkes sent apologies. Nurse Jones having been appointed matron of Narracoorle Hospital, tbe chairman and medi cal officers were deputed to fill the vacancy. A resolution that a letter of appreciation of past services as chairman (for two years) and otherwise of Mr. D. Spencer Packard was unanimously carried. Regulations as to nurses' duties prepared by chairman and medical officers agreed to. The holidays for matron and nurses arranged to be for same periol as at the Adelaide Hospital — three weeks each year. Special thanks to be tendered to Rev. R. S. C-zz~; \z. Chr:-:..^i c.-,'.!cc;:on U* ~, for Samaritan fund, also for tea and concert on December 28 by ihe. Wegleyan, S'. C. Endea vour Society j to the itev. W. O'Dowling; S.Tm for subscription £1 Is to general fundj and IOs 6d to Samaritan fund ; to Mr. A. C. Noyes for concert at Hospital. Other subscrip tions, donation, etc., W. G. Hawkes, ^1 is; Itoonoona Station; £2. is } Gams Station (col lection), £i ? F. Treloar, £i is* box, Court House Hotel, 9s ; Mrs. Bewley, goose ; Mr. R. Dunstan, goose ; Miss Gebhardt, fruit ; Mrs. Wise, fruit ; Mrs. Bowman, box of games and rabbits ; Miss Pearce, old linen ; Junior C. G. Endeavour Society, scrap book. 