THE LATE REV. J. GARLICK. Feeling reference was made at the monthly meeting of the Bendigo Mechanics' Institute committee last night at the lamented death of the late Rev. J. Garlick, an active member of committee and ex-president of the institute. The president (Mr. J. H. Curnow) referred to the very valuable services the deceased gentleman had rendered the institute for years, sparing neither time nor labor to advance its welfare at all times. The institute was also greatly indebted to him for a number of most valuable statistics. He was a gentleman whom the institute could ill afford to lose, and it would be a very difficult matter to fill his seat on the committee. In conclusion, Mr. Curnow moved that a letter of condolence be forwarded to the widow and family of the de- ceased gentleman. Mr. H. D. Bosselman seconded the motion, which was supported in touching terms by Messrs. J. Anderson and T. Scott, and carried unanimously. On Sunday (writes our Echuca correspon- dent) the Rev. G. W. Kelly, incumbent of Christ Church, Echuca, preached a memorial sermon on the late Rev. J. Garlick, of All Saints', Bendigo. There was a large congrega- tion. The preacher took his text from Hebrews, 11th chapter, 4th verse-" By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacri- fice than Cain," etc. The preacher said he little thought that, in coming to Echuca, he would be called upon to bury two of his predeces- sors-the Rev. B. Rodda and the Rev. J. Gar- lick. In reference to the latter he never knew anything of him but what was to his credit. He was not a great or a brilliant man; but better still, he was a good man, "full of faith and the Holy Ghost." He was a high principled, devoted servant of God, assiduous and methodical, full of patient and untiring zeal. It did not take him (the preacher) long to find out that the Rev. J. Garlick had been the most influential minister that the Echuca parish had ever known. He was one who filled his life with loving activities. He had worthily filled the office of rural dean and that of a member of the Council of the Diocese. His sympathies were not bounded by the limits of his own parish, for he found time to interest himself in Home and Foreign Missions and in the Charity Organisation Society, as well as in several de- partments of secular work. In concluding, the preacher remarked that, depend upon it, they would hear again of the deceased gentleman's noble work on this earth. A large number of Mr. Garlick's old friends were among the con- gregation. 