FICTION. LADY JENKINS. (Continued from last issue) When we first went in, JLadjr Jen kins seemed to wake up from a doze again, or as good as one. Her eyelids drooped, she sat perfectly quiet, never speaking unless spoken to, and her face wore a kind of dazed or stupid look. Madame St. Vincent talked enough for both of them ; she appealed fre quently to Lady Jenkins—' Was it not so, dear Lady Jenkins 1' and Lady Jen kins dociley answered ' Yes, dear,' or * Yes, Patty.' That Madame St. Vincent was a pleasant woman, as Mr. Tamlyn had said, and that she spoke English as we did, as he had also said, there could not be a doubt of. Her tongue could not be taken for any but a native tongue; moreover, unless my ears de ceived me, it was native Worcester shire. Ever and anon, too, a homely word would be dropped by her in the heat of conversation that belonged to Worcestershire proper, and to no other county. •You will come to my soiree this evening, Mr. Ludlow,' Lady Jenkins woke up to say to me as we were leav ing. 'Johnny can come; I daresay he j would like to,' put in Dr. Knox; 'al though I and Janet cannot * I ' Which is very churlish of you,' in- j terposed Mme. St.. Vincent. , j * Well, you know "what impediments i lie in our way,' he said, smiling. 4 Sam j can come up with Johnny, if yon like, ; Lady Jenkins.3 1 To he sure; let Sam come,' she an swered, readily. 11 How is Sam ? and j how does he get on ? J * He is very well, and gets on very ! well.' Dr. Knox walked down the road in silence, looking grave. * 4 Every time I see her she seems to be more altered,' he observed presently, and I found he was speaking of Lady Jenkins. Something is amiss with her, and I cannot tell what. I wish Tamlyn would let me take the case in hand 3 Two peculiarities obtained at Lefford. The one that was the universal dinner hour, no matter how much yon might go in for fashion, was in the middle of the day: the other was that every evening gathering, no matter how un pretentious, was invariably called a * soiree.' They were the customs of the town. The soiree was in foil sway when I reached Jenkins House that night?—at six o'clock. Madauie St. Vincent and ' Charlotte Knox sat behind the tea table in a cloud of steam, filling the cups as fast as the company emptied them ; a footman, displaying large white calves, carried round a tray of bread-and- butter and cake. Lady Jen kins sat near the fire iki aneasy cliair, wearing a red y el vet gown iod lofty turban. She nbdded toj^be fiiople as tbey came in, and smiled at {hem with quite a silly expression.' .dMina and Charlotte Kt:ox were in white muslin and pink roses. Mina looked veiy pretty indeed, and as mild as milk; Charlotte downright and strong minded. Every five minutes or so, Madaihe St. Vincent — the white steamers on her rich black silk dress floating behind her—would leave the tea-table to run up to Lady Jenkins and ask if she wanted anything^ * Sam had not come with me: he had to go out with Dr. Knox. • Mr. Jenkins,' announced the pom pous butler, showing in a tall young fellow of twenty. He had just the same sort of honest, good-natured face that had taken my fancy in Sam; and I guessed that this was his brother, the solicitor. He-came up to,Lady Jenkins. ' How do you do, aunt? he said, bending to kiss her. ' Hearing of your soiree to-night, I thought that I might come.1 * Why, my dear, you know you may come ; 3:ou are always welcome. Which is it? she added, looking up at him stupidly, Dan or Sam 1 '* It is I—Wan,' he answered, and if ever I heard pain in a tone, I heard it in his. 1 You are Johnny Ludlow, I know!' lie said, holding out his hand to me in the warmest manner, as he turned from his au nt. Sam told me about you this morning. And we were friends from that moment. Dan brought himself to an anchor | by Miua Knox. He was no beauty certainly, but he had a good face. Leaning over Mina's chair, he began whispering to her—and she whispered back again. Was there anything be tween them ? It looked like it—at any rate, on his side—judging by his earnest | expression and the loving looks that! shot from his honest grey eyes. * Are you really French ? I asked of ! Madame St. Vincent, while standing! by her side to drink some tea. * Really,5 she answered, smiling. 'Why? " ' Because you speak English exactly like ourselves.' , ' I speak it better tban I do French,' she candidly said. ' My mother was English: our old maid-servant was English, and they educated me between them. It was my father who was; French—and he died early.' j * Was your mother a native of Wor cestershire ? j 1 Oh dear no: she came from Wales, j What made you think of such a thing ? j ' Your accent is just like our Wor- ] cestersbire accent. I am Worcester- j shire myself: and I could have thought | you were. She shook her head. * Never was i there in my life, Mr. Ludlow. Is that why you looked at me so much when yon were here with Dr. Knox this ' No : I looked at yon because your face struck me as being familiar,' I j frankly said. * I thought I must have j seen you somewhere before. Have I, I wonder? • Yery likely—if you have been much in the South of France,'she answered :: at a place called Bretage. ' But I have never been at Bretage.' j Then I don't see how we could have | met. I have lived there all my life. My father and mother died there; my j poor husband died tbere. I only came j away from it last year. It muBt be my fancy, I suppose. One J does see likenesses . ' Captain Collinson,' shouted the but-1 ler again'. A military-looking man, got up in the pink of fashion, loomed with a lordly air; you'd have said the room belonged to him. At first- he seemed all hair : bushy curls, bushy whiskers, a moustache, and a fine flowing beard, all of a purple black. Quite a flutter j stirred the room: Captain Collinson was evidently somebody. After making his bow to Lady Jen-1 kins, he distributed his favours gene rally, shaking hands with this person, talking with thatffc. At last he turned our way. - • Ah; how do you do, madame ? he said to Madame St. Vincent, his tone ceremonious. ' I fear I am late.' It was not a minute that he stood before ber, only while he said this: but, strange to say, somethiug in his i face or voice struck upon my memory. The face, as much as could be seen of it for hair, seemed familiar to me— | just as madame's had seemed. '.Who is he? I whispered to her, following him with my eyes. ' Captain Collinson.' • Yes, I heard the name. But—do j you know anything of him?—who he | is ?' She shook her head. Not much: nothing of my own knowledge. He is' in an Indian regiment, and is home on | sick leave. ' I wonder what regiment it is ? One : of our fellows at Dr. Frost's got ap pointed to one in Madras, I remember.'' ' The 30tb, Bengal Cavalry, is Capt. Collison's. By his conversation, he ap pears to have spent nearly the whole of his life in India. It is said he is of good family, and has a snug private fortune. I don't know any more of him than that,' concluded Madame St. Vincent, as she once more rose to go to J Lady Jenkins. He may have a snug private fortune, and he may have family, but I do hot I like him, put in Charlotte Knox, in her j decisive manner. ' Neither do I, Lottie,' added Dan | —who was then at the tea table, and I his tone was just as emphatic as Char- j lotte's. He had come up to get a cup of tea for Mina. Before he could carry it to her, Captain Collinson hod taken up the place he had occupied at Miua's elbow, and was whispering to her In a most impressive manner. Mina seeped all in a flutter—and there was certainly no farther room for Dan. , /? 'Don't yon want -it now, Mina? asked Dan fielding the ^pfovjurds. her, and holding itin vain, for she was too touch occupied to see it. ' Oh, thank you—no—I don't think I do want it now; Sorry you should have had thetrouble,' w Her words were just as fluttered as her manner. Dan brought the tea back and put it on the tray. * Of course, she can't spare time to drink: tea while he is there,' cried Charlottej resentfully, whohad watched what passed. * That man has be witched her, Dan.' ' Not quite yet, J think,' said Dan, quietly. ' He is trying to do it. There is no love lost between you and him, I see, Lotty.' * Not a ghost of it,' nodded Lotty. ' The town may be going wild in its admiration of him, but I am not: and the sooner he betakes himself back to India to .his regiment, the better. ' I hope be will not take Mina with him,' said Dan, gravely. ' I hope not, either. But she is silly enough for anything.' , * Who is that, that's silly enough for anything f cried Madame St. Vincent, whisking back to her place. ' Mina,' promptly replied Charlotte. ' She asked foi a cup of tea, and then said 6be did not want it.' Some of the people sat down to cards; some to music; some talked. It was the usual routine at these soirees, Mrs. Knox condescended to inform me — and, what more, she added, could be wished for 1 Conver sation, music, and cards—they were the three best diversions of life: not that she herself much cared for music. Poor Lady Jenkins did not join actively in either: she mostly dozed in her chair. When anybody spoke to her, she would wake np and say Yes or No; but that was all. Captain; Collinsqn stood in a corner, talking to I Mina behind a sheet of music. He ; appeared to be going over his bars with her, and to be as long doing it as j if a whole opera were scored there. At nine o'clock the sapper-room was thrown open, and Captain Collinson handed in Lady Jenkins. Heavy sup-1 pers were not the mode at Lefford; neither, as a rule, did the guests sit down, save a few of the elder ones; but the table was covered with dainties. Sandwiches, meats in jelly, risselets, lobster salad, and such like things that could be eaten with a fork, were sup- j plied in abundance, with sweets and jellies. I hope yon'U be able to make a sup- j per, said Lady Jenkins to me in her comfortable way — for the eating seemed to wake her up. Yon see, if one person began to give a grand sitting-down supper—fowls and ham, and that kind of thing—others would think themselves obliged to do it, and everybody can't afford that. So we all confine ourselves to this.' ' And I lite this best,* I said. ' Do you, my dear: I'm glad of that. You eat away, now. Dan, is that you ? Mind you make a good sup-1 per.' ' We both made a famous one. At I least, I can answer for myself. And, at half- past ten, Dan and I departed together. 'How very good-natured Lady Jenkins seems to be!' I remarked. 'She is good-natured as the day, and always was,'Dan warmly answered. | She has never been a bit different from j what you see her to-night—kind to us all. You should have known her though in her best days, before she got ill. I never saw anyone so altered.' What is it that's the matter with her V I don't know, answered Dan. I; wish I did know. Sam tells me Tamlyn does not know. I'm afraid he thinks it is the breakup of old age, I'd be glad, though, if she did not pa tronise that Collinson so much.' Everybody seems to patronise him. Or to let him patronise them, cor rected Dan. I can't like the fellow. He takes too much upon himself.' * He seems to be very popular. Quite the fashion.' Yes, he is that. Since he came here, three or four months ago, the women have been running after him. Do you like him, Johnny Ludlow ? abruptly added Dan. ' I hardly know whether I do or not: I've not seen much of him,' was my answer. As a rule, I don't care for those people who take much upon themselves. The truth is, Dan, I laughed jokingly, you think Collinson 6hows too much attention to "Mina Knox. Dan walked oil for a- few moments in silence. I am not much afraid of that, he presently said. ' It is the fel low himself I don't like.' And you do like Mina 1 Well—yes; I do. If Mina and I were o1der and my means justified it, I'd make her my wife to-morrow—I don't mind telling you so much. And if the man is after her, it is for the sake of her money, mind, not for her fielt I'm sure of it. I can see. I thought Collinson had plenty of money of his own. So he has, I believe. But money never comes amiss to an extravagant j and idle man; and I think that Mina's j money makes her attractive in Collin son's eyes. I wish with all my heart ] she had never had it left her! con tinued Dan, explosively. What did Mina want with some seven thousand pounds ? ' I daresay you would not object to it with her yourself.' I'd as soon not have it I hope I shall make my way in my profession, and make it well, and I would as soon take Mina without money as with. I'm sure her mother might have it, and welcome for me! She is always hankering after it. 1 How do you know pheis5: We do her husiness at old Belford's, and ahe^ets talbiugr about the money to Shim, making no scrapie *oE openly wiping it was hers./ She bothers Dr. Knox, who is Mina's trustee; to lend her some of it. As if Knox would !— she might just as well go and bother the moon. No! But for that con founded seven thousand pouudsjCollin son would let Mina alone. 5 I shook my head. He could now know it. Mina was very pretty. Dan saw my incredulity. I will tell you why I judge so,' be resumed, dropping his voice to a low key. Unless I am very much mis taken, Collinson likes somebody else— and that's Mhdame St. Vincent. Sam thinks so too.' It was more than I thought. They were cool to one another. * But we have seen them when no body else was by,' contended Dan. When he and she were talking to gether alone : and I can tell you that there was an expression on his face, an anxiousness, an eagerness—I hardly know how to word it—that It never wore for Min. Collinson's love is given to Madame. Rely upon that. * Then, why should he not de clare it? ' Ah, I don't know. There may be various reasons. Her poverty perhaps —for she has nothing but the salary Lady Jenkins pays her. Oh, he may not care to marry one who is only a companion: they say he is of good family himself. Another reason, and possibly the most weighty one, may be that Madame does not like him.' * I don't think she does like him.' ' I am sure she does not. She gives him angry looks, and she tnrns away from him with ill-disguised coldness. And so, that's about how the state of affairs lies up there,' concluded Dan, shaking hands with me as we reached the door of his lodgings. * Captain Collinson's love is given to Madame St. Vincent, ' on the one hand, and to Mina's money on the other; and I think he is in a pretty puzzle which of the two to choose. Good night, Johnny Ludlow. Be sure to remember this is only between ourselves.' [To be Concluded in our next issue.) 