THE MYSI'EtI( Ur GLENELLIS. " Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people in Lthi age teliciog in such utter nonsense ! It is toc ridiculous !" There wa. scorn in Mi?ss Rnthsbby's roice and in every feature of her pretty fare ab she snoke there word. Her companion. C(harley King, a young rill engineer, wan amured, judging b) the smile that came and wen? twfore he made answer, nto a bhalf-?oothmg hbalf apolorgetic tune- "Ab, now, don't you think you are a little isv re upon my townsfolk and their let i,]o.yocracy ? You know a belief in which ane Ie brn and brought up is a part of his very naturc. accepted in most cases without question or rea.ning. A few ol our old men. I think, :laimrn to have seen and beard something very xuntaordinary en the Glen years ago-before my time; as for the rest of us, I suppose not mall a dozen have iCever been there; we simpl) rgnore the place." S"That Is exactly what I supposed," returned Misn Itotsby, triumphantly. " Those antsdl luvsan whbo slt., rain or shine, in front of botel: and salbona, tell their stupid vtagene over and iver arain until they come to believe them true, No mask others hbeleve." " l'erhasp you are right; but that does not alter the fact that the GJen bears so evil reputa' alon, sod we are all famailr with the bhod ~lrring storrse of deeds said to hbave happenoel there." " It neems to me they can easily be esplalned Doubtlee boen thais country was new the Glen wasu the rrndercus for rut?ans aod outlaws. aeciudel, almot inaresauhle for those who met there tos be surprind To doubly ar'*rr thmn -lv. tthy etreulatedl hornble taes. raisd? a lew ghbto. land made eccaasons to impose therm upon the credulous early settlens. There as the case in a nutabhell." t'uarley shiik his head in doubtful way that irritated the pretty philsopher. e " Very well put, MHam Rothaby; but there are rert?aic things-" " None?ue . " she broke In half laughingly. haif angrily, '" I kow you are going to say asomething stupili and nod-fahboned, and I will not permslt it. The robbers are duot long ago, and the ghosts and termble deeds vatinihed with ttbem, you may be sure; yet have your all. for such a palpal.le imposture. bonn in oblvioqn the most romantie and beautiful spot on earth. ler upon you. young men, to let such a state of thingo contir.ue i " But what ran we do about it ?We were taught to rtespect the opinion of our elders, and base done so." " Tbhat's all very well; but respect can be carried too far." " Well, wkat do you suggest P " askei Charley. a trifle impatiently. " That the Glen be thoroughly aveentigated. Juot let the tlace be invadled by mnerrynmakers, an,| the spell will be broken. ()ne known iat will become famous, so that people will come from far and near to ser it." " It may be all just as you say," responded the young man. " But you forget the flowers. You told me that on the first day of your visit to the G(len you broke a blood-red bliesom from Its sten, when a stream of red fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower Mcame white. How do e account for that? " " I don't try to account foe it. Who can explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stemn exudes a milky aubtane, and then a red buid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful and incompeehenible. It is aturel to be affected by a p?eoaera just becaune one doesn't understad it." SNevretahels. I t&ak; the flowere are the grtest objection to oer pr?oje·t. Their peculiarity aseems tmwholeomr, to say the leat." " I suppoe o--ad t is such a pity P You an??nt thicr.k how I hae set my hbeart on thi . Wicpig M ite obs .Igsainch. *crt or ee or two hundered lute? . Tm ifirMi tbin I eoulbl wish eatnajedi." " c E i pt thse ftl ie ra. " tzerpt the Ifowers. I with they would din appear for that one esenilg Do you think we can peruanie the others ? " W We'll try ; the idea will be quili atartling. bowerver We ohbll meet with much more opposetion from the parente than from the young tollkn and if we hautmn matters it will leacv Ise tinme for talk. Friday will be the *hareert nioon,' why not have it thea P" "Juet the thinF Do you euppose BItrney and his har rts will go P" " No. indeed. nor any otler mliusiciars in IEllendaIe Well bhre to forego slnorieg.' "A moouligbt picuir wiuhout dancieg? I'repioteiroi i II the barpere will not)is'd to my fowere of piersuomion pI*pO most fusrsissh thy musc he knoan all about the tlcn. anid will he gfld to telp us." "I will let yell tforebnad that you tonr a well reserve erir piwers of ,*rsiuoi fiir Ihte palpa and mam mao, snonts and utitc' hs, who tie clsre they tare sport uinacrountohle ouooniln itione from the tIlen. Ysou will teed them alt. neil wish lior inor' listore we iueeesoully lay the gtiost. Ah ' tiee come L.etty al Tonm Maynaril, unit that io lack Craig and HiM Anie tohtsiiii therm. (Goil Now we can he gin the attiatt." ('hariev Kiing tIn retucesl hut a few weeks t'fore this sinoverntion frim a five yenrr' abnncer in dintansi laiiit. Among his felloo there none hal a Ligner repitatrie Ilian he for Lhose qounlitit a tbci iiei as nell anwofli n moet admire. It wao not etroiis' iiieii ihut liretty dsrn l'aet lvhy. whoem he fiioil wnicing hsis 'sir ter ani ''I nsculma~tint, ntio lit fiot .imi .artisularly aitrenetire, niid tIe, for hisl pirn, hot ielarril to tisenelf. alter fbi' nianilir 'if oen tair tl ast first cighi, that it ehouli her Miss liothnlsy or ns sri' At'sri t mile frms Ellenitale wan the tInunteit glen cit which they hail tv-eu speaking, mareel luialbteautiful unit pict ireciti. Mivs lltho.h and hos en was an ireportinit forsoonge in heuoeholir nd parish msatter, not there were time's wh the rijisor niivt entartainn herself. As ohe wan s agid waliser 'he sire knew the conitry for miei arostnt titter than miost of the ouing womnst hurts neil tiredv in the town aiie 'ti'rcoveree the heasutifol aisit secluded apot ahirb bore no had a repuaitisso. " IlettLr noti o there aganit, Mis Rolt holy, lee lienS tat to lier wfieo the nlwoke sit tier en peititron at the dinrier tlble, ant weonterei that so ehanoiuig a ploce was no title rnown. ' It is bumiliating to adiiit tthat we are the victims of sisperststloi., but everyone isn the community he!lirv e that Ih l Glsn is thasnrted" "Then, no I shoilit immses's enjoy a frirndly chul writh a tin,-elid ghost. I shall mrne ii a v..iet ut gio mocln again," falssgtest the yovng luity. " I tope not." vl i lr. Kino. gravely, " for I fol .teeply uitv in- this vuhijol. You, of iaur-., loeurt-ei the (ii'k ir(s tt bides the pathrn It wan ;ilsiitfes rwetsi I wa a fist A tredfuil thing hbnit tiufisoettwlrr jot toteore, thloiebi I eannoit asay ponittele there was aifthieg super naitr anbiut It." " W~hat ase it P" asket Iduva \t Istlih. curl oeilv. " Te:l mrn all lie 'tory. please "I cititinlt It'll slot wfsst I know. An int.1 testing tIrrcnr e, sse d tv'e thrnagi the twn io diay, net sfIsapilu~nrei in thre tile. 1 h~t night 'ho,-k as sit raelhquakei wm* tiflt. unit teotle who f'seut nare the forectr leltre ige, sitsn eerthlv cries. Frsm tou. to Isriti tii' sirunt e nsioks wesre nluaistd. ITs,'ii mai was tieser or-i-l again, soil it was nupposwi that lu' wacn manitir. ed."' " a)h i lnd in that all ?" asked Miss Siothliy, irl a diappmnted tone. " Tbe uthborlties e.onilrrerd it enouibh. and resolvet to rrne er the (Glen as tUre .chl, ss io?erilr. hor asght I know. vyure I the tiret foot that has stellllst slthln It ior forty )eir'." " I muot ray. thin, tha noln have Irt more thon ryo can tmiagn.e, and I .hall try to atone ft- your neglect .f the Invi-hirt spot on earth. r, snnweree the wilfnl beauty and to the Gle srie went therlafier a often ?s opp?or tuilly allowed, declaring to herscelf. as she sat upoU the gr*enswar itrinklitug In tile beauty of tier ourrounltiro. that it wasnenchated griundi, ant tha.t lC wan under the maprie spell. When Charlhy King elne be woo a wlling escort. and so Ilong a shle 5s1 by his side, whrat did it nmattcr ?hire tihey went ? ': Tho ,o I inh rrlotltght had boen a long taiked of Iton ?nmong the y?our.e pcople of the village. Th .ele·ction of tie plrace was lft to theen two veiltors and ths.y had chosenthe hailnitsl glen. Frillv wan the night appointlin.. uome acqui-*sied willingly, oth-ers reluctantly, but no one hid the ciuirage to refuce save the •asicians, whLo were proot against the little heiress's moot generous oile.r and coull not he persualel to " ark their ler., renaun, and in stroomento by gon to thie hanti of the devil hsi.clf." o Mr. ihtutbny upphedn the music. _iling the m n hierint fromihe citvinstructions to rent er lany aniatllce they ould, bilitiig them, it ,siiilile, to arrlatge and light the immense number of ('liinesa latirns lie con. signed to tlhem without thie knowledge of the palrty. iSn plan rhrketl orll, for that their l.st night might notio be assalled by tah?s not con dlrivie to stiady bhani. they were nmet at the train and dincteid to Ihe i:len. with strict in lnllctions nit to p'uck so much as a blade of ,;r..no. The is u had not yet set behind the (listant nllmilitaill lop s-hen loo)r here and there thrnughout petty Ellendale openled for the gay tieniekers i salty forth. Merrily they set out, foullowen by kinlhdly aniouns wirshes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets wtth )est and latughter, whil. curious eyes pIerped at them frnm betitnd bhIlods or open dooirways. Biut whebn they enteredlll that distant pathway ind the sweet nerfume of the forest piervaded the air as their ighbt feet pressed tho carpet of pine negifles, the jest dilr away, the laughter ceased,. and thelrvoices hod a hollow sound. Feat ntltns upon theml eaCh had a strorg decire ti, tulru back, hIut shrank from the ridicrule of his fellows. Thn the nalsm paned, aund in luow roier they talked of little matters in the ollltge. Wheti the exquilite beauty of the Glen bunrst ulon thelir view all other tlhoughts sere dispel. I?t. and the ne-rvnous reaction of their grounud less turrr male them doully merry. Hundireds al lanterns gileamed l altutly in the fading twi light fronl the trs Iand vines on either side, uand the grand old oaLk which barred the en trance s.a fairly Ciinreri with them. The first glhinpi of the fair " queen of the night," An her i?nery disc rowe above the tree tops, was the signal flor a soung, half eh-nt. half rounule lay, that hid bLrn composed for the occasion. and as the young people stood in the pride and strength tif their youth, their faces ulturnel, their richb, sweet voices filling the dylnlg day witlih uitloly, one would have said. " Wise Miss Itotbhhy ' ourely on restles, unboly spirinta can abide here louger. The magic of your ilnoot-nt biravery and your pure voicets must en arrlesec them for Iveemeor." S-ircely rpeaking,. in little groups. the young folko wAniri:ed from pot to spot in an tecoitacy of delight Esyecially did the lowers that gleised so red uponi the greiond attract them; but Miss Iolhbally had eaggerat-o the stain th-y inie that they might be left untouchid. She felt now that sonnliitural elxpi.lstion crould te gieien of theilr unpleasant lueiliharity, but idreaded its efect lilpoun wek nerves, so ninly advI?tei hCe clompanlons to leware of them ~bhe learned from the musicians that her' father bad int.eutdt coming oni the same train wlth them. hobut lng detuaicn .t at the last min ule. he wciuld take the inext unv.. and he with i them before the evernllg wass over ; n, Is her light fiet kept timne to a Ifaourile allt, and a face lshe niuct apllOpronil ws vlry niiear to hers. she thought her tull of earthly bliss was nearly full. There was to be dlancing unltil nine ocloch when supellr w.uli be serV..edi. and afterwards more dantl - If tihey chosel; iuit thie Iarelunt bad insisted that the r~unlg filks ohuld be at home by eleven, anil Mrs (fray had promised for them bty virtue of her chtl.rouniige. lTh, llpii liri so gihtef oiln a grealt flat stone 'near the inak tree. ailid to ntiow its goUf fellowhii errackl ifo the most chererul way, -htle its ruhdly glow threw into brightelr relief th, nonibre branclhes of the pinis wey upthe sits of tire I Glen. The lbacktel wrre emlt.s- of their goou things, the ts-iilting fea.t ass stirltad, the frag rant aroma of the asoffci iruleainie the lact thing ready, and Mr. King, as imaster of the ceremonies,was about giving lt I signal for them all to assemble, when distlisctly throughout the place there camne a soft, silvery souniid like the tone of a clock ntrikiig ib.e hour it nillt. rhe daners, pusting in their giddy whirl. looked it each other ant said. " What a prit.ty tevice of Miss lothlsby's !" hit even as they spoke the ewrth sielned to tremlIe heneathl their teent, whlle a lurid, unea?lthly glow lit lip with ?plal ling distinclinetu every object in the G(len.to the tsery tlop of tile bretling ledge I?tue Ilhecn. With a discortant, juring soundl the music stopped. Hlearts I?at ast:; chenks grew white; then the ioultdt died away. " What is it ? What does it mean ?"' ePvely body wan anking. 'Charley King Enslde anrswer.althllough he couhl not quite conlrol the tremor in hi vouice. It must ihan beten a slight shock of earthl quake or sonie electrical diasturbace. I hllvns seen most wonderful phenomena is niy time." Partly reaseuurrd the musicianss went back to their stand and the compasy aus down to table. bot it was in Tain the1 I?tre to siak nateu.. ;ally. In amin tthy'??io to eat. heir vole. were thick. their hiands trembled, their hearts bent 1,oiniully qjuck and loud. Aftar a few moments Mrs. Gray, smnlling faintly. taid " My friecds, I fear I have talken cold in this beaIutItul Jt moist place. I propoee that we adjourn to warmir quarters. What nay you to a good-night wault at my house ?" Itefore an answer co?d be gi?en again there rounded thruigouute he;len the faiint, low cbime, so awlully diltioct in it swneetres. With one ilplla all otarted l tthiir feet. Suddenly a yell of humlan golny, stflie.l r lt eemingl to conie from hbeneath them. reached their mer, an·d a rocky door ill the cliff Insng back. revehlng a ceavrn tilled with light; hut brnighter than the light about t. wac a human lormn wrapped in ftInm that aprang out of it and fell iiuonl tlhe gr, ensward. lhere wan smn.thiiig tangible, andl Charley King awtitly Ihd the way towardis thls new horror. To lat ! the fmormi lay atill, th.e ,irce -wa aiehnt, aid the tlame were lilnters at Iinst, of hIun who Iaul n, long Ibeen their mnster. Eiireieild were ihlie gh?it tis ir .vert, Iariileos was the sttterrcncein chemwer tiltrod with un nmeaninc alllarntila and curious chrlmicals to th . wha)i fi(ind thim, for the evil gonius was deadl. For yc.a. the fioreign alcbhemist bad sought to vfrst Irol nlatllre, at aly cost, her rcrets,. and htn mountd,, at last. her very great. rat death. 