LECTURE ON JAPAN. A GLIMPSE OP MR. PARSONS'S TRIP. The members of the .Adelaide Branch of the Australian Natives' Association, held in the Oaf de Francais on Monday evening, March 23, were favoured with a lecture by the Hun. J. L. Parsons on Japan. This is tho first lecture on the land of the Mikado that Mr. Parsons has delivered since his return from the Far Fast, whither he recently wont in the interests of Australian trade. Tho attendance was unusually large, including many ladies, and Mr. W. G. Auld presided. Mr. Parsons opened with a very graphic description of the physical scenery of Japan in its broad outlines. Then with powerful eloquence and eifeet he presented mental kodak snapshots (as he called tbein) of characteristic striking points, ljegin- | ning with shrines, temples, and tombs. . Considerable laughter was created by his J remarks concerning the babies. Japan had been called the paradise of babies, and % popu- i lous paradise it was. Nearly every woman between eighteen and thirty-five was to be seen with a baby. Babies were one of the ehief products of the country. They were ! dandled and fondled and never whipped or scolded it seemed. Word pictures of the | teeming life of the streets were given. Tho girls were always petite, neat, dainty, and graceful, elean and wholesome looking. Not all, however, were pretty, although some were beautiful enough to please the roost fastidious. The Japanese, he observed, were educating themselves for entering the great comity of nations, and yet if the late conference of Aus tralian Premiers were to have its way there was to be no trade or truck between Australia and Japan, and the educated Japanese were to be treated like Chinese coolies, kanakas, and lasears. Later he spoke of the great personal interest the Marquis Ito manifested in Aus tralian affairs. He alluded to the interview he had with the Premier of Japan, and said he was grieved and indignant that this nobleman —one of the foremost statesmen of this or any other time—should read in a South Australian paper that at a conference of Australian Premiers he and his country men were said to be equally objec tionable with Chinese coolies, lasears, and kanakas. This, he said, was bad diplomacy, bad manners, and a bad mistake. (Cheers.) Mr. Parsons delineated the character of the people, and described their great and varied occupations. Who were the Australians, he should like to know, that they should object to the Japanese? We oursel ves camo originally from Asia, and he hoped Heaven would smite our sillv and vulgar self-conceit in talking about tbo inferior Asiatic races as wo did. (Laughter and applause.) After extolling the moral character of the .Taps and speaking of their commercial dealings, the lecturer gave the testimony of an authority to their be haviour in the late war. Their discipline was admirable, their obedience unquestioned, their courage undaunted. Their soldiers attempted 'anything at the word of command, and at Wei Wei Japanese were frozen to death at their posts. Their industry was marvellous. Tn every walk of industry the Japanese could imitate, improve, and invent. It was his dogged, per sistent, patient application and continuance that made the Jap a most formidable competi tor. The Japanese were good- tempered and merry. Their capacity for enjoyment was un limited. They worked like Trojans and en joyed themselves like Greeks. At somelength the Parliamentary institutions and parties were outlined in Mr. Parsons's eloqnent, racy, and charming manner. The latter part of his address was devoted to the commercial treaties with Japan. He should like to know what made South Australians or Aiistralians think they were so very superior to the rest of the civilized world, or that we should give ourselves haughty airs and use offensive language to a great free civilized nation, judged fit to be associates with Europeans and Americans? Oould we afford for the bogey of a Japanese invasion, or the ghost of eowardioe about Japanese competition, or for the stupid narrowminded parochial cry of "Australia for tho Australians," to shut our selves off and out of the largest and safest market for our produce that had been discovered in modern times? (Cheers.) What he complained of was that in a most cavalier, high and mighty, and contemptuous manner the Premiers' Conference practically without discussion refused the x Japanese treaty. They might have at least been civil and ..diplomatic, especially as thoy were self appointed. (Laughter.) They might have at least communicated with the Japanese Govern ment through the proper official channel, to have made enquiries, and to have offered suggestions, or to have made proposals, but for three Premiers and four Cabinet Ministers, self-appointed — (loud laughter) — to vir tually throw the treaty into their waste-paper basket was an amazing effrontery, an unpardonable impertinence, an unwarranted assumption of authority, and a gross diplo matic blunder. (Cheers.) Nothing equal to it had happened since tho tnrce tailors of Tooley street issued their celebrated manifesto—We, tho people of England. (Loud laughter.) It was for the electors of South Australia to ex press their will and for the new Parliament to decide the lasuc. (Cheers.) Mr. Parsons closed with a peroration on the destinies of the Eastern nation. On tho motion of Mr. W. Eiokfokp, seconded by Mr. K. 8. Hhours, tho large and thoroughly appreciative audience accorded a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Parsons for hie exceedingly interesting and instructive lecture. 