THE STORYTELLER, HOW A MURDER WAS DISCOVERED. » If the members of the Payohical Society choose to theorise on this story, they are at liberty to do so. It is authentic, and, so far as I can see, inexplicable, save by the admission of spiritual influence. Always excepting the present instance, I am un acquainted with the unseen world, and, therefore, do not profess to account for the unaccountable. Those connected with the Bociety aforesaid, which is, I understand, familiar with the laws governing spiritism, may perhaps plac- the matter in a more reasonable light, and if thus fortunate I trust they will furnish me with the expla nation, as at present I dare not even hazard an opinion. ' There are more things in heaven and earth' — but that sajing has been used maDy times as an excuse for ignorarice. I confess to being a doctor and sceptical as regards the supernatural — that is, I was sceptical, but this one intervention of the unseen has shaken my disbelief in the in fluence of the invisible. Nevertheless, I am noi yet prepared to go to the other extreme and assume the existence of a hierarchy of ghostly presences ru'.iag mor tals from bey end the grave. My position is entirely neutral. I neither believe nor disbelieve, uphold nor condemn ; but on the strength of my exorcism of the Marrit, Grange ghost I admit a decided leaning to Hamlet's view above, quoted. Taken in bu'k medical men are decidedly Beep ical. They believe in nothing but what they can see, handle, or explain away. As a watchmaker does a watch, they can taken the human frame to pieces, and de termine the necessity and function of each component part. The heart, reservoir of the blood ; the vein?, so many pipes con ducting the nutritious fluid to all parts of the body ; the brain, seat of the intelli gence and register of internal and external happening; the muscles, a network of elastic bands expanding and contracting with the desire of the controlling power. Of all these they have determined the existence, and the reason for such an exist ence ; but not having discovered a tangible soul in any portion of the body, they, in many oases, deny its existence. The case argued Eyllogistically stands thus : — ' A soul is necessary to an incorporeal exist ence.' 'There is no soul discoverable.' Ergo, ' there can be no incorporeal exist ence.' Thus in one sweep do these learned men dispose of ghosts and ghostdom. If their view be the right one, then my experience at Marrlt Grange is not to be explained by natural laws ; if wrong, and the existence of the supernatural be as sumed, then I may claim to have been utilised by spiritual influence for the fur therance of human justice. I decline to commit myself to any opinion in bo delicate a matter, but for the gratification of the public curiosity I set forth clearly all that took place at the Grange. Those who run can read ; those who read can expound — if they can. When my aunt Selina died I was 26 years of age, and a duly qualified M.B.C.P. without a practice, without money, and without influence in high places to further me in my profession. I, as her sole rela tive, inherited her blessing, and the sum of £2000, with which nest-egg I proposed to improve my position. My friends advised the purchase of a practice in London, but I had no notion of sinking my all in so r'sky a speculation. Patients do not care to be sold like a flock of sheep, and natur ally enough prefer to- use their own judg ment in selecting a dootor ; consequently the purchaser of a pr ictice ia by no means sure of enjoying that for which he has paid. Some patients object to the now doctor, and decline bis visits ; others get well or die, in either of which cases they do not require him ; and it generally end* in the unlucky interloper having to build up a new praotico on the ruin3 of the old one. With these ideas I scouted the well-meant advice, and resolved to start ' ab ovum.' Also, as I did not like London, it was my intention to leave the metropolis and set up my tent in the wholesome country air. I therefore banked my legacy, and travelled through Southern England in search of a fairly unhealthy neighborhood, where I might hopo to find a sufficiency of sickly folks to physic in return for thoir guineas. After many weary weeks, and etill more weary railway j'f-nrn«ys, I cxtno t» D.*nlnropton, on Ibo Suas^x cmnf, whoro, fctfcapted by the beauty of the neighbor hood, I resolved to make an end of my wanderings. It was a riBing watering- place, bat being yet in its infancy, had only one dootor to look after those who resorted to its breezy downs and sandy beaches. There was ample room for another practitioner, and, after exploring the locality, and making use of certain introductions, and asking innumerable questions, I came to the con clusion that here, if anywhere, I would find an opportunity of utilising my small fortune and medical experience. - Absence from London was no exile to me, for country born and bred as I was, the smoky atmosphere of Bloomsbury was abhorrent to my lungs, and the lack of gtoen fialds a weariness to my eyes. I in finitely preferred Denhampton, with its undulating downs, its chalky cliffs fretted by the Channel waves ; and between the two that quaint little village now expanded on three nidos into rows of pleasant viHas and desirable mansions facing the sharp sea breeze on windy nights. Moreover, Den hampton was growing rapidly, and I hoped to improve my fo; tunes at the same p»c- ; so having decided my courao, I sought for a residence with a suilbiently imposing door, whereon to affix my newly-graven brass plate. Midway between old and new Denhamp ton stretohed a broad road ti no great length connecting the ancient village with the more modern town. Oa one side grassy fields sloped to the crumbling edges of the cliff*, on the other on a slight rise, some distance back from the highway, stood Marrit Giange. It was one of the oldest houses in that part of the country, a squat building of grey stone, fronted by a terrace, ana girdled by lawns dotted with many trees, heavy bmghed, and gnarlerl. From the iron gates giving on the road aforesaid, a winding drive led to the front door, which was placed immediately beside the terraco, and n truncated towor risit'j! ahovo this to uo vi.-vy f-mit. bright, coeo lruuuloil :-, fijio viinv' u! (ho Chaiiuol. UcylcQtOti i*8 wore tbo ground', a.u4 iso late as was the mansion — for it had been uninhabited for some considerable period — I conceived a fancy for the place. It stood in its own grounds, it was quiet and retired as suited my studious leanings, yet occu pied an excellent position for one of my profession. Living here I would be equally placed between village and watering-placr, so could attend to possible patients in both without much trouble. All things con sidering, I did not hope to find a place offering more advantages, so wont in searoh of the agent in whose hands, as I was in formed by a board in the grounds, it was placed for letting. Darver, the agent, was a solemn-looking oreatnre, more like an undertaker than any thing else, and welcomed my intimation that I proposed to practice in the town with a dry smile. Small as was this evidence oi pleasure, it vanished altogether when I spoke of Marrit, Grange, and he started at the mention of the name. Then his desire fo do busiuess swamped all other considera tions, and he resumed his dry smile and buckram civilities. For some time hektpt this fine affactation of carelessness, but in the end an inborn love of gossip got the better of his desire to gain a tenant, and he warned me solemnly against the house. But that came later in the conversation. 'You wish to take Marrit Grange, I understand,' said he, eyeing me with Eome curiosity. ' Aye, aye. It's a fine place for a doctor that. Midway between the two towns, and you can physic your patients at your will. A healthy situation too, dry and salubrious, with five acres of good land, and orchard. A very desirable residence in deed,' he concluded, with a dry smile, ' and to be let furnished for ten years at a moderate rental.' 'Ihadnot thonghtof takingit furnished,' I auswt-rt'd, after a punse, ' but that wiil uot stand in the way ; always snppoeii.g that the furniture is decent.' ' 0 1, itie furniture is ;»s solid ami plen tiful as c?n bo desirosJ, Pr. Phelps,' l.»o anw^red, with a uo-.l.. 'Tho last tenant loft the Uouqq (-wo yeara back, but I havo had the place well looked after in case' anyone took a fanoy to living there. You'll - find it as spruce as a new pin, and uncom monly comfortable. Maybe it is in your -! mind to look over the house?' he 'con- cluded, with a glance, dubious and in quiring. ' Certainly ; I should not think of making an offer without a thorough exam ination.' . ' Sensible enough,' said he, selecting a bunch of keys from several dangling from the wall. 'If you are not engaged we will walk ever now. Just so.' : This proposition falling in with my views, I readily accepted the same, and in a fe*r . minutes we ware on our road to the Grange. Darver, lean and lank, and wondrous grim, expatiated on the comfort of the house, the excellence of the position, and the moder- ?. ation of the rent. When be informed me of this last I was a trifld surprised at the smallness of the sum demanded for so well furnished and large a mansion. -' We were then standing in the drawing'- . room, beside one of the three French windows which overlooked a stone flagged, terrace, beyond which spread 'he lawn, girdled by laurel trees. A sun-dial stood in the centre of the greenness, and broad . shallow steps led from the terrace to the gravelled paths. On the other side of the laurels ran the road, and to right and left I could catch a glimpse of red roofs and '. lean chimneys. All this with the leaping waves of the Channel whitening in the* distance, looked extremely cheerful under / a bright sky filled with sunshine, and more : than ever was I determined to secure tha house. But the ridiculously small rent at ?;? once surprised me, and raised my- sus picions. ? ????? 'Are the drains all right, Mr. Darver ? V ' Aye, doctor, in perfect older.' ; ' -., ' H'm, the situation is healthy, the house'' comfortable,' said 1 dubiously, ' why has it. not been let before ?' 'It has been let several times,' said Mr. Darver, ' but the tenants left.' 'For what reason?' .- ; ' Because they were fools,' said he, scoffingly. ' Not one of them stayed over the month.' . ; ' The rent you ask is very small consider- ,.V ing the advantages you offer.' 'Just so, doctor. It's a bargain not to be met with every day.' ' So much of a bargain that I think . there must be some drawback,' said I, dryly ; ' come, now, Mr. Darver, is there anything wrong about this place ? ' ; 'Well, doctor,' said he, jiogliog the; keys, 'it has been in my mind to tell you,. so I'll make a clean breast of it. This , house is said to be haunted.' I burst out laughing at this communica tion. The mountain had only produced a mouse after all. ' ; ' Bah ! Ghosts went oat with gas ; you can't frighten me with an old woman's tale of that sort.' 'I'm glad to hear it,' sail Darter, grimly; 'several of the tenants were of the same way of thinking, but they left, bag and baggage, for all that.' ' This is beooming interesting,' I said, with a scam which I took no pains to con? oeal. 'Do you believe in the ghost?' ' I can't say. I never slept there,' was the laconic answer. ' Prevention is better than cure ? Eb I Well, Mr. Darver ; in what form does the ghost make its appearance — winding sheet, rustv armour, brocaded gown, or what ? ' It's an invisible ghost,' replied Darver ;; ' nothing is seen — nothing is heard — but. something is felt.' The explanation was so ridiculous that I;' . made no further objection to concluding the bargain. This nonsense about Buper-, natural influence was more than balancrd by the advantages to be gained. Indeed, thinking of my lean purse, I mentally . thanked the ghost for having; reduced the rent to such small proportions. ' Well, Mr. Darver,' eaid I promptly, . '' if no ono else will take the house I asa n-t afraid, to do so. Let us wa'k back to your office aud discuss the matter. Oa the way you can toll me the story, whesca . originated this belief that the Grange ia .. haunted.' ' Then you really intend to take Una house,' exclaimed Darvor, with consider able fiati&fac;'ion. 'At once. As soon as the lease is signed T ehftll movro in and commecco praetfep. T liope to -'xorci39 the gh -st, r.nd if I do thrt tout wi:!, of course, r--.muin at. tvie same fianro. Tl-» Iohw will plac* all that on a proper footing. WVll, Mr. Darvrr, tell mo ih'* ntoty, ^nd l^t ma heitr what I have to expect.1'. . : ' . ' It has to do with a disnppenrancfl,' said Parver promptlv. ' A JVJj-b, Brunei live& here ten years ago. She was a wealthy old widow with a distrust of banks and in vestments, and so kept a large portion of her wealth in the house. Being of a miserly disposition, she kept only two servants — a woman nearly as old, and quite as avaricious as herself, and a man who was considerably younger than either. They grubbed on here in a sparse fashion, and i — well, to make a long story short, the three oi them disappeared one week, and ?were never heard of again.' ' It is certainly strange that three people should disappear at one and the same time.' ?' So everybody remarked,' replied Dar ?ver, shrugging his shoulders. ' But whether ihe man muniered the two women or thev killed him and fled, it is hard to say. The heirs of Mrs. Brunei found no money in the house, so no doubt there wa« robbery mixed up in the affair.' 'A very unsatisfactory, story,' I answered. *' Those three people could not have been murdered or evidence of the crime wou'd have been found. On the other hand, there was no reason, as far a3 I can see, why they should disappear. However, I accept the tale for what it is worth, though I do not see the connection between this disappearance of three people and your ghost.' ' It is simple enough. The heirs of Mrs. Brunei let the house furnished, and it was speedily takeD, being, as you see, in-an ex cellent position. In less than a month the tenants cleared out, because they said an influence pervaded the house, and made them get out of their beda and wander about the house. Moreover, they insisted that something or someone was invariably locking over their shoulders when they talked, or ate, or read, In short, they de clared that the house was haunted, and made them uncomfortable, so they cleared out. The next tenants told the same story, and acted in the same manner; so did the third lot, till the belief became general that the Grange was haunted. Of course, the rumor depreciated the value of the place, as DO tenant would lease the property. You are the first person for 12 months who has made up his mind to brave the superttition. That is,' added Darver significantly, 'if you are still of the same mind.' ' Am I a child to be frightened by a l)ogey ?' I retorted smartly, ' of course I am of the seme mind. If this Influence, or chos1;, or whatever you call it. can make a hard-worked doctor keep midnight vigils, I may become a convert to spiritualism. However, as such a thing is not likely to happen, I accept the situation.' Having come to tbis decision, I lost no time in acting in accordance therewith, and ?within a fortnight was installed at the Grange. My experience of the first night forced me to recognise that the former tenants had some excuse for leaving so 111 omenofl a mansion. II. .The drawing-room, a3 I have said, was lighted by three French windows, which opened on to the terrace. A large and lofty apartment it was, sparsely furnished in an old- fashioned manner, and pervaded fcy a chilly atmosphere, highly suggestive of ghosts. Here, if any where, the Influence ?was most likely to exercise its powers, and, anxious to test the truth of Darver'e ex traordinary story, I waited in that apart ment the whole of the first evening, expec tant of the supernatural. Notwithstanding the heat of June the re ota, long uninhabited, was so cold that I lighted the fire, and drawing my chair close to its cheerful blaz^, meditated over a new medical work which had lately made its appearance. My nerves were strong, my scepticism confirmed, so I was quite pre pared to f-ico the power which had made exiles of the former tenants. Twica or 4hriee I glanced at the closed door, expect ing it to open and admit the ghostly forma of Mrs. Brunei and her servants ; but, needless to say, nothing of the sort hap pened, and it was close on 11 o'clock be fore I felt the first manifestation of the un Been. Then I became aware that someone ?was looking over my shoulder as I read. . Taming suddenly round I saw nothing, as I expected ; and, in the revulsion of feeling, I laughed at myself for the momentary panic which had seized me. , The same feeling occurred In ten mirutea, and again I bohe'd nolhing. Then th8 idea that tbera was something or someone in the room became rooted in my mind, and, laying down my book, I paced slowly np and down the polishod floor. One shaded lamp placed ou a small table by the fire alone gave light to the vast apaitment, and merely hollowed out a tiny gulf of light in the surrounding gloom. More. lights, trew n^essary for the R0e-juate illuming tion of so large a space, but I wa3 resolved on giving the ghost every chance, and judged it would find the Bemi-darknees more congenial to its visitation.' As the minute hand drew past eleven I became nervous. My three servants were in a distant pirt of the mansion, and worn out by unpacking and arranging furniture, were doubtless sound asleep. In all that desolate place I was the only wakeful beipg, and, isolated in the chilly drawing-room in company wish some invisible being, I own frankly that my nerve3 were rather shaken. In vain I reminded myself of my confirmed scepticism ;, that there were no such things as spirits, that I entirely disbelieved in the existence of the supernatural ; it was all of no use, for the feeling that someone walked beside me grew stronger and stronger, till I was quite panic-stricken. ' Now,' said I aloud, and tha sound of my own voice Bomewhat restored my courage, ' now I am in a frame of mind likely to admit of apparitions appearing. If there iB any spectre here, let him or her or it appear.' The ghost did not accept my invitation, and the silence seemed to deepen, though occasionally it was broken by the splutter of the fire. So Btrongly did the memory of that story and my present isolation from human intercourse work on my nerves that I unexpectedly found myself standing in the centre of the room, straining my ears to hear, straining my eyes to see. Of course, I neither saw nor beard anything to occasion m9 the least alarm ; yet all the same T found a cold sweat on my forehead, and my hand trembled as I drew out my hand kerchief. Suddenly, and without the least warn ing I heard a light footstep on the flagged terrace. It passed the first window, the second, and paused irresolutely at the third, which was furthest away from where I was standing. la that in stant I pictured to myself an eye looking iuto the room through a chink in the Vene tian blind, and surveying a solitary man struck motionless with panic in the semi darkaess. Never till that moment did I experience fear, for I can safely say that I am not a coward ; but all my nerve and Bcepticism were not proof against that deadly qualm which gripped me at the moment. It lengthened to a century of agonised fear, and then by a strong effort I recovered the aae of my limbs, and darted towards tya third wiudow, With jncon,. ceivable rapidity I whirled up the blind and flung open the window only to behold — nothing. Before me stretched the broad expanse of the terrace, the shallow steps, tbe green lawn with its central sundial, and the laurel hedges dark and sombre. Over all lay the cold moonlight still and white, but no sign could I see of any one, no sound could I catch of breathing or of footstep. ' Bah ! I am a child,' said I, reclosing the window, but leaving the blind up eo as to watch for a possible visitor ; ' my nerves are unstrung by this isolation. I shaU go to bed, and to-morrow take steps to inves tigate the cause of these silly fears.' The footsteps echoed no more, and curiously enough the feeling of a presence in the room passed away. I recovered my nerve, and having banked up the fire, took my book and lamp and retired to bed. So far as I was concerned tbe ghostly visitation was over for that night. I was not sorry to leave the uncanny atmosphere of the drawing-room. Safely in bed, I laughed at my fears and wondered how it was that my boasted scep ticism had not been able to sustain me in the hour of trial. Yet I could not but admit that there was something about the drawing-room not to be explained by the ordinary laws of nature. The feeling of an invisible presence, tbe echoing footsteps, tbe deadly qualms, and consequent paralysis of action — all these hinted at the super natural ; I did not believe in ghosts ; I laughed to scorn the tales of haunted houses ; yet now that I was in one credited with possessing a spectre I felt uncom monly doubtful about my previous scepti cism. With these thoughts in my mind I fell into an easy slumber. At what time I awoke I know not ; as in putting out my hand fur the matches I swept them on the floor, and could not find them again. In the darkness I could not see the time, and so lay there wondering why I had so unexpectedly been aroused from sleep. It had not been a gradual awaking, but in the instant I had opened my eyes and sat up in bed in full posses sion of my sonses. Every nerve waB tingling, every muscle was braced, every faculty was on the alert — for what I know not. The thick darkness was cold and heavy as I sat there qualmish and fearful ; apparently forgotten ot God, and given over to the powers of the air, in whose existenoe I had previously been a firm disbeliever, Jn ^houghtoeading ^ho idea of what bo is to do is impressed on the' mind of the subject by the person who wills the act. The thought grows and grows until the mind controls the body, and the individual so willed moves towards the desired goal as by an overpowering impulse. At this mo ment my feelings were precisely the same. Into my mind flashed a thought— whence I know not — which impelled me to rise, so- mechanically obeying the impulse, which I solemnly declare I was unable to resist, I sprang out of bed and threw my dressing gown over my shoulders. Thus scantily attired, with my bare feet taking a ebiil from the floor, I stood in the thick dark ness; a mere instrument, my intelligence powerless in the grip of some unseen force., It was not a trance, for I knew what I wag doing, nor somnambulism, for my brain was quite open to external impressions. Here I, Edward Phelp, medical practitioner, sceptic, man of science, stood awaiting like a child the order of a power of which I saw nothing, knew nothing, heard nothing. I had no timo to think of Darver's story, or of the influence mentioned therein, for all my thoughts were directed to obey ing the orders which seamed to steal im perceptibly into my mind. But a moment I paused by the bed, when in obedience to the over-oonquering impulse— jast like! thought- reading — I moved towards the door. Out into the dark corridor I glided like a ghost. I turned to the right, des cended the stairs, walked to the left an 1 paused before the drawing-room door. Aa in Shelley's poem, a spirit in my feet drew me onward, though to what end I could not conceive. All my efforts were powerless to shake off tha imperious Bpell, and though I hesitated at the door (to struggle with the impulse) in the end I was compelled to obey. I entered the drawing-room, and saw the red glow of the fire shine on the polished floor. With an alimst devilish dexterity I evaded the furniture — this seemed to be extraordinary in that I was not familiarly acquainted with its disposition —and moved towards the third window. The blind yet remained up, and I looked out on a white, cold world, still and weird. Again I struggled with the Influence, again it over mastered my reason, and I raised my hand to the latch of the window. Thence I walked on to the terrace, down the shallow steps, across the wet grass, and finally, laid my hands en the cold stone of the dial. The impulse ceased, and I looked around in a bewildered fashion, wondering what 1 was doing outside at that hour of the morning. At that moment tbe moon threw the shadow of a man on the grass beside me. 1 turned with a cry, and he leaped at my throat. Over and over he rolled on the sward, and I tried to save myself from his cruel fingers. Strong as I was, he was stronger, and at length he gained the mastery. Forcing me under, he gripped my throat so that I could not cry out, then I lost all consciousness. The Influence had led me to my death. HI. I awoke to a consciousness of the exter nal some three weeks later, shorn, shaven, hollow-eyed, and weak. My memory stopped short at that struggle beside the sun dial, the reason of which I was unable to conjecture, and I wondered how it was I was confined to a sickbed. Darver, who daily visited me, soon enlightened me on that point. ' I am glad to see you better, Dr. Phelps,' saii he, with his dry smile. ' It was touch and go with you. Had not some passer-by on the high-road been attracted by your cries and the sounds of your fight ing, that man would have strangled you to a certainty.' ' Who was the man, Darver, and why did be wiBb. to kill me V ?' There now, doctor, that is the queer part of the whole affair. That man Is none other than Mrs. Brunei's servant, who killed her nine years ago for tbe sake of her money.' 'Impossible!' I gasped, utterly bewil dered by this remarkable statement. ' Not at all ; he has made a full con fession of his crime. It appears that the female servant of whom I told you was his mother. They both knew that Mrs. Brunei kept large sums in tbe house, and they resolved to rob her. Unfortunately for herself, she caught the pair red- banded, so to hide their guilt the son killed the old lady, and, assisted by hia hag of a mother, buried the body under the sundial. Then they fled with their spoils to America, and there lived in comfort. Remorse haunted both, and the mother died, while tbe son, always anticipating that his crime would be diaoovereel, returned to Denbauapton, sn4 |jenti ft dlgee, wa^oj) on, $he fcpuae,' ' To see if the body ot hia victim would be discovered, I suppose.' 'Precisely. He saw the tenants take the house and leave it, so deemed that his secret was safe. Then you cook the place, ' and on your first night the murderer watched the drawing-room from the Bhadow of the laurels. He stole on to the terrace, and saw you standing in the centre of the room.' ' Ah,' said I, suddenly recollecting the footstep, ' I heard him stealing along the terrace on that night.' ' You did, and came to the ?window, but by that time he had regained his hiding place. He confessed this amongst other things. Then when you walked out of the house in the early hours of the morning, and went straight to the sun dial, he thought that you had in some manner dis . covered his secret. You stood over the grave of Mrs. Brunei.' ' So he tried to kill me in order to hide hia former crime?' ' Yes, but as I told you, some passers-by arrived on the scene, captured him, and saved you. He confessed, and we dug under the dial, where we found the skeleton of Mrs. Brunei. You have been ill for three weeks, but now you will soon be well enough to appear in court and give evidence as to how you knew that the body was under the dial.' 'I did not know that — I knew nothing. \- That influence you spoke of took me out of my bed and led me to the dial. I can not account for it.' . 'Then you believe my story,' said D3rver,.wii/h a nod of satisfaction. 'I am forced to; sceptical as lam, there was some thing that led me to seek the grave . of the murdered woman.' ' No doubt it was her spirit that led you to avenge her death.' , .. ' Perhaps ; I am not now so sceptical as I was. However, ot one thing I am cer tain 3 now that the orima is discovered and there is a prospect of the criminal being punished, the ghost of Mrs. Brunei will no longer trouble Marrit Grange.' ' What ! do you intend still to remain . in the house?' ' I do. I have exorcised the ghost, and now intend to reap the benefit of my work.' And in the end I did. Eecovering from my sickness, I gave evidence whiob, taken . in conjunction with the murderer's coafes Bion, put a rope round bis neck. My story of the Influence which led me to the sun dial was laughed at, and I have no doubt both judge ana jury dermed my brain still weak from the effects of my illness. When the criminal was hanged I returned to Marrit Grange, and began my practice. Since that terrible first night- 1 have never had occasion to complain of ghosts haunt ing the house. The spirit of the murdered woman was appeased by the punishment of her murderer. So ends my story. I cannot account for the matter which is to be ex plained on no natural grounds. Perhaps the Psychical Society may help me to an understanding. 