I A- "WHIM OF FORTUNE It was ail over— or nearly all. He did not oven tremble now. Ho could look at his hag gard faco in tbo mirror and smilo at its ghost- liness. He could handle tbe revolver ho bad just purchased without a tremor and could even examine it critically. His was an old story. Ho bad lived beyond his moans. Sooiety had accepted bim — for his good looks, bis good parentage, bis fina man ners and his apparent easiness in money matters bad readily introduced him iuto Society and made bim a favourite. He obtained a good position and laughingly explained to his olub friends of tho younger and wilder sot (whom ho surprised by so doing), that he considered it necessary to bis peace of mind to follow some occupation. He passed for on ambitious young fellow with a small fortuuo which he wished to augment. It was supposed that his horse, his vulet, and bis handsome little flat wore well within his means. That ho was careful of money to a business nicety it wss agreed. In fact, he was considered just a trifle parsimoni ous. It was nil a mistake. Ho was travelling to a considerable extent on appearances. He was living bsyond his moans. And his ul timate hope woe simply the ordmsry ono of a rich marriage. He would have been suc cessful ia this, but for tho mortal enemy of a mariage de oouveunnce — love. He had fallen in lovo, wildly, desperately. Not with a girl as poor or poorer than himself, but with one so far beyond his roach that tbe realisation of bis own love mado him dizzy. She was one of the ricbest society heiresses, and ber beauty alone would havo won her a husband of her own choosing from the highest ranks of any society. Ho realised the bopslessness of it ail, but hu wss infatuated. The hope of being ablo to meet her, to see ber, to talk to ber, to dance with her, sometimes made him retain his expensive habits long after he should have pru dently relinquished them. He spent the last pound of his fortuno and drew the last dollar of his pay unthinkingly. As for tho rich mar riage, tho thought that he had ever contem plated one filled him with disgust, Ho had bo- come a man mad with love, than whom, there is no,crazier being in tho world. Auil yet ho knew thnt his love was growing more hopeless every day that it became greater. He could not disguise it. Every ono laughed nt him, for every one noticed his infatuation for hor. Society had long been determined that she must marry one of fivo young men, each as rich as herself— must marry one of thorn and none other in the logical sequence of events. Some even hinted to him that his infatuation, 44 his imbecility," many of them called it, an noyed ber. Ho bit his lip when it was said and tried to summon the courage to go away some where. But it was of no ueo. He could not do it. Besides, wbnt they said might not be true. He had been permitted to oall upon hor, and sensitive as he wiib always concludod that sho treated him graciously. When fortuno loft him, debt, which iB tho camp follower of retreating fortuno, came and abode witb bim. And finally, when lovo had bound him and left bim helpless, debt slapped his face. Maddened by his degradation ho committed forgery. Sin saved him from debt ; from sin bo could appeal to death, and that would be tho solution of his equation. Sin gave him two more weeks of happiness. And then tbe day arrived that he knew would bs ills last. Discovery ou the next day was inevitable. Ho had chosen midnight as the hour wbon ho would perform his last act on earth. Some of bis old methodical characteristics hud' come back to bim now that ho was alirost.looking into starlit eternity. Ho hail written furowoll letters to soma of his friends. Ho had pre pared a statement for the press, alleging ill- hoaith as his reason for committing the deed — this to prevent tlio scandal that might possibly become attached to tho girl's name, of a man having killed himself for lovo of her. Ho knew tho man whoso nume ho had forged too well to fear that he would dishonour a mere corpse by revealing the crime, and he counted, too, ou tho man4s great wealth prompting his generos ity. And then, like most men who faco inevitable death, ho wondered, aud ho wondered until ha dared not wouder any longer. To break his train of thought he began to think of her, nnd to picture in his imagination— it was an easy thing to do — her radiant beauty. Then a strange idea ocourred to him. Why should he not give himself tho final ploasura of at least telling her that he loved her ? He would not presume trsuy anything more. Bhe knew it already, and after all, had not lovo a right to make itself known ? He would do it. ' Bhe would forgive him to-inorrew whou she read about his death in the papers. He dressed himself calmly and with great care and walked hurriedly to her house. To his great delight, she was at home aud saw him immediately. It seemed to bim that she was almost pleased to see him, and ho was thankful, for he was under such a . nervous strain that he would have been even unusually soiisltive to a merely polito reeoption. After the usunl con ventionalities ho began abruptly i 44 1 am going away— on a jourooy that may bo short or long, as another than myself may disposei. Before I go there iB something I wish to say to you, It is of uo importance to you but it is of great importance to me. You see I am entirely selfish to-night. I am indulging myself —at your oxpeuso. It is not only of importance to mo but it will be a pleasure to mo to say it.4' 44 1 think I know what you wish to say," she interrupted, very quietly. 44 No doubt," ho answered, rising and pacing the floor nervously, quilo forgetting the oalm manners of a man of society. 44 1 have no doubt other men uud batter men havo said to you just what I wish to suy. And my secret h0B been an open one. I merely wish to toll you tbat — to tell you boforo I go sway on this— journey,'' his voico choked just a little, 44 that I have had tho presumption to love you." 44 Yos, I know that wss what you were going to say. And 1 know more. I kuow that you do lovo mo." ' 44 Thank you," ho Baid, 44 it is truu, I lovo you. I have no more right to lovo you than n felon "— tbe word came before he thought of its aptness— 44 has a right to love a qneeo. But it has been a great happiness to me, aud it has also been u great happiness to me to tell yon this." Sho waited far him to continuo, but bo Btood with bis bauds behind him looking at tho Door. Sho saw a tear fall from his eyo and could see the musolcs of his face twitch in spite of a very apparent effort to control them. 44 Well P " sho said, suggestingly. Ho re mained silent. 44 Wasn't there anything else you wanted to say— to ssk ? " Thoro wss a tremor in her own voico now. " No— nuthing.but farewell," bo replied, " O, what nousensa i " she cried with a light peal of laughter, 44 you have got something olse to say and surely you are not going to make me soy it for you P " After a pause. 44 You are p " He held up bis hund warningly to stop hor but sho went on, 44 You are now askiog me if I do or aver possibly can love suob au unworthy creature as yourself. And you also ask can if I will mako you tho happiest msn in tbo whole world by marrying you— aud I— I say— yes.4' She blushed, held out her baud to him and in hor turn looked at tbo floor. His hoad swam. Ho was dazed, suffooated. He grasped < tile table fur support nod tried to speak bub could not. Waslie olive? Was hoi sano. Tho thoughts rushed through his brain. Yes ho knew he was. She was thoro, waiting j for him to come to her— sho tho most beautiful, the richest unmarried girl in the city, "the ; woman he loved— bat botween her and himself he could see the dull glitterof the handcuffs end chains of a felon. What cruel trick wss For tune playing him ? Why had he forged that name— why had ho dono the one irredeemable thing of his life ? It seemed to him as though his brain would ozplodo in his head. Neverthe less ho know that he mast master himBslf, and ha did, by a great effort. 44 1 am poor— poorer than you think— abso lutely poor — worse than poor," he stammered. 44 It does not matter," she answered looking up with a smile ; 44 you are honest — you are a gontlemsn — what is better, you are a man — you love me— I lovo you. That is all that is noces- sary." 44 Honest," 44 gentleman," tbe words cut him like the lash of a whip, "I will speak to your father," ho said, moving toward tbn door. Ha knew that he ought to leave her at once. 44 If you wish,4' Bhe answered, still smiling, 44 but he will givo his consent. He has always told me that I should marry the man I ohose to, and I choose yon. Bo you bare notbiug to fear." Ho paused in the doorway and looked baok at her falteringly. Ho would have given his soul to kiss her just onco. But he knew that if he did her cheek would burn with shame through all the future when she thought of him. So he went out firmly and hurriedly, saying as he went 44 1 will speak to your father— good night, good night." He rushod to his room, tore up the statement he had prepared for tho papers and wroto another. In describing tho suicido of Edmond DeWitb Holoombo on tbo following day oaoh papor con tained this statement left by the unfortunate man: 44 Fortune fettered my limbs and chained me to a wall, and then, mockingly, placed happiucss within my reach." . 