A WOMAN'S BATTLE. CHAPTER XXXIX. Bv ESM3J STUART. Author of "Kestell of Greystone," "A Woman of Forty," "The Power of the Past," &c.;, &c.; Harriet, as well as her mistress, also experienced feelings of faintness. She had been a long time with the dootor, and she wanted her early cup of toa. Ellen had done nothing; why should not she take her turn alone? So Ellen was fetched and told that Mrs. Beddoes had said she was to sit in the sick-room till the new nurse came. ;; "I never can bear sick people," said Ellen, "and I've got all my work to do." Well, bring your work, and yon can sit by the window." " Is that all? Well, I suppose I can do that. What have I to do?" "There's medicine every hour, but it's over the hour, so mistress must have given it IU oome up before five and give it." " I'm sure I couldn't give it her. She do look taken for death." "She does," said Harriet; "and I shall be dead too if I don't rest a bit." With that she went down, and the patient was once more _ left to the tender mercies of a frightened maid. Every now and then she moaned for water in a half-conscious manner but Ellen was frightened, and did not dream of approaching the bed. Downstairs Iium > was questioning Harriot, who, to ease her conscience, replied that Miss Sara was to be kept very quiet, and that Ellen was seeing after her. "Where's mistress?" asked Luuib. " She's dead beat, she says, though it's not much she's done. I was with the doctor all tho time he was there. I dare say, now, Mr. Lumb, that you don't guess tbe real reason of the illness. It's tragic, quite." Lumb looked "at her without answering; a sure way, he found, of getting more information. Tragic, I eay; the poor thing has poisoned herself, that's what the doctor thinks." " Poisoned herself! Oh, lor !"said the cook. Whatever for?" " I can understand it, for I nearly did the same myself once," said Harriet, sighing. " Didn't it act?" asked the 000k. " I didn't take quite enough, but the reason was the same —a love reason." "Oh, dear," said the cook. "Mr. Lumb, that's what the ladies suffers for the sake of yen men." " Mrs. Ltpmb never took poison that I know of," said Lomb decidedly. "I meant men in general, Mr. Lumb. It's the tender heart of tbe female sex that you can't understand." Not all the sex," said Lumb; "there's some hard ones among them." Harriet sighed deeply and shook her head. Lumb soon got up, and refused any more tea. " You do seem concerned about Miss Sara," said the cook; " but I'm sure she's took for death. I dreamt last night that I saw a hedgehog, and as sure as I dream of a hedgehog—one unrolling of himself, that is—it means death. If not my own friends and relations, at least some one in the house or connected with it." I've no belief in dreams," said Lumb in a matter-of-fact voice. "Some haven't," said cook, " but then somb have. My cousin dreamt three nights running that her cat was killed, and eo she took special care of him the third day; and, sure enough, he was nearly drowned. It was a merciful learning," continued the eoek, "and that convinced me." " Well, Fm enre she's dying. There's a death-smell about |he place," said Harriet. Lumb would hear no more. He slipped up the stairs to listen again at the sitting-room door. Soon he heard a moan—nothing else, Then he slipped out and went to his mistress's door. Here hn heard a soft pacing up and down, up and down. Like a guilty thief he went back to the sitting-room, for he had made up his mind, and then opened the bedroom door and looked in. " You haven't had your tea, Ellen j are you eittinc here?" *' Well, Mr. Lumb, I 'ave to. That moaning do make one all of a tremble. I always was nervous of side people; but perhaps you had best not eome in." Lumb had spied the medicine bottle. " She was to have that every hour. It came at two, and there's only one dose gone!" " Miss Smith's coining to see to it." "I'm a very good nurse; I saved my Lizzie." Lumb entered now and went to the bedside. He took the bottle, poured out a dose and he](3 it to Sara'a lips. He was -as tender as a woman—more tender tbsn any woman in this melancholy house. Even this drop seemed to revive the patient. Then she moaned again. It's water she wants. Here's some lemonade, and no one etves it to her." He poured out some in another glass and gave it to his yonntr mistress. "She's taken for death," said Ellen, repeating Harriet's words; "nothing's no good." " Has mistress been in again?" asked Lumb softly. " No; she's lying down faint, poor ladv." "Come, Ellen, the poor thing won't kill you. Sit here and give her a drop whenever she moans foi it. It's only Christian of you." Ellen obeyed in fear and trembling but encouraged by Lumb she found a little courage. "She's that white—I'm terrified." ' It's very harassing, but it's duty," said Lumb sternly, and then he slipped away, saying to himself I must come in an hour and see she has it again. They are all born fools and think only of themselves. If master was here now! He wouldn't have let the poor young thing suffer. Thoy say she did it herself. O Lord! Well, mum's the word, till I can do any good." He went back to-his pantry still in peiplexity, for he knew his mistress was not faint. If only the time would go on! This had been the longest day of his life, he thoueht. The next hour Lumb ran up, and again he peered in cautiously. This time he found Ellen fast asleep in the armchair just where she could see the patient, and Ellen's sleep was of that sonnd kind which housemaids usually enjoy. Lumb did not wake her till he had poured out the medicine and had given it to Sara; then he frightened Ellen with the remark that if Miss Sara died it would be her tault. But in truth Sara seemed a little more conscious — not enough so, happily ' to notice him. He was only grateful to Providence that Mrs. Beddoes had not yet eome out of her room, otherwise his nursing powers would certainly not have been exhibited. "When Lizzie was ill mother and me never left her one minute," he said to himself, putting on his hat to run to the station. He meant to meet the nurse himself. It was dark now; tho wind was hlowing the great branches about, and there was a moaning sound from the wood. Lumb heard it, but to him it was only "a nasty noise as you only hear in the country," for he had a true cockney's horror of living out of town in winter. Though he ran all the way, he was only just in time to see the train puff up to the platform, where the porter and the stationmaster busied themselves leisurely by holding a conversation with the guard instead of attending to the passengers. Lumb soon espied tbe nurse without further help, for she was dressed in uniform. " Are you the nurse for the Rectory?" ho asked. " For Mrs. Beddoes?" "No, for Miss Beddoes. Come this wav, please: tho carriage is here, and roost likely you'll find tho doctor with the patient ; if not, nurse, don't let any one but yourself (rive the young lady anything. They are stupid women with us, aiid even mistress does not understand nursing. Don't wait for your box, T'll see to "Very well. Of course, I take entire charge." The nurse was professional in her tone, but Lumb felt reassured. " Thank God. that danger's over, if it's not too late," he said, as he saw the carriage drive off. At that instant a heavy hand was placed upon his shoulder, I'm beggared. It's Lumb himself. Haw do, Lumb? So elad to see you. Are tbe ladies wellr- and Miss Sara, is she bonnie?" "Good Lord!" said Lumb, "it's Mr. Cobbin himself." " Well, I'm not a ghost yet Eh! but is anything the matter?" "The matter! Well, I should think so. Miss Sara's at death's door." Cobbin turned pale. " Not my Miss Sara? Got a London doctor? No! Wait a minute. Down here it's all so sleepy. Come along with me. Lumb, yon know everything—who's the crack man in town? Have him down at once. We can telegraph from here." "Sir Charles Trevor, sir. That's who the tip-top gentry have; but his fee, thoy say, " Hang his fee; just you wire:—'Come at once; fee p^nure,' or w'natever'll bring him." Lumb felt more agitated at this moment than he had ever done in his life before. For once ho was taken Ijv surprise. (To 6e continued on Monday.) 