ITALY. THE ANTI-MASONIC CONGRESS AT TRENT. The meeting of the Catholic Anti- Masonic Congress, which was held at Trent from the 26th to the 30th of September, has caused great consternation in the ranks of the order (says the "Catholic Times" of 23rd October). "The Grand Master of the Grand Orient of Italy," Ernest Nathan 338, as he signs himself, issued a circular addressed to "all Masonic Lodges in the Italian Communion in which he denounced Holy Father and the Catholic Church generally for their hostility to the craft, and particularly for their support, of Anti-Masonic Congress at Trent. "At this congress," he writes, "there will meet together reactionaries from all countries, and the attacks which have hitherto been; directed against our Order in Italy will be extended to Masonry throughout the world. Tbe reactionaries feel, and see, that our Order is a solid barrier, a formidable rampart against the restoration of their power over bodies and souls. It is for you, brothers, who see the danger threatened to your country, to civil progress, and to education, to accept the challenge calmly, but prepared to make any sacrifice." This is a clear acknowledgment, by the very highest authority in the craft, that its objects are and always have been war against Christianity, conducted under cover of the lodges in all countries. He glories in the triumphant progress which the sect has made by the secularisation of education and the oppression of the Church. It is only natural that he should shudder at the thought that the veil of secrecy which has hitherto shrouded the doings of his sect should be torn away, and if the world enlightened as to the effect of what they have already done, as well as what they aim at accomplishing. Freemasons in England continually declare that they have no connection with foreign Masonry, and that the Grand Lodge of England formally " excommunicated " the " Grand Orients" of Italy and France many years ago. They also point with pride to the fact that the Grand Master of Masonry in England is the Frince of Wales ; also that all his brothers, as well as his son, are members of the craft, and that many Archdeacons, Deans, and clergy of the Anglican Church are office-holders in it. What harm, therefore, can there be in it ? But, on the other hand, the Freemasons of France, Italy, and the United States only laugh at the assertion, that English Masonry is simply beneficent. They say that English Masons know very little about the objects of Freemasonry as directed by the chiefs of the highest grades; as in England they hold only the lowest degrees in the craft, as it now exists. Drescke, a Protestant bishop, in his discourse to a lodge in Berlin in 1849, and published in the journal "L'Astre," tells us that "in Freemasonry there are secrets which may never be known even by those who hold the highest dignities ia the craft Thus, when; we see kings or princes become leaders in Masonry, we may rest assured that they do not know the secret . . . they would not learn all the secrets even If they passed through ail, the grades; he wouid be a 'profane' even if he sat in the 'Orient of Temple' a&d; wore the jewels of Grand Master. . . . The greater number of Masons, and sometimes even the Grand Master, are merely dupes who are bound to gether by oaths of wMdi tfiey do not know the meaning." It is evident, therefore, that the connection of the royal princes of England with the craft is no guarantee of the innocence of its objects. They may not have been initiated into the higher degrees and inner circles of rulers in which, the work of the order is arranged and directed. The most imminent of those inner circles is known as that of the "Templars." and the " Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite," which has 33 degrees. The "Grand Orients" of Italy have always attained this degree, and Masczini, Crispi, Lemmi, and now Nathan; have always added it to their signatures as a title of honour. As, however, the "Templars" and the "Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite" still exist In England, it is difficult to see how they can be freed from complicity with the anti-Christian working of the craft in other countries. It is a singular coincidence, to say the least, that the same objects which the foreign lodges aimed at, and which they have attained in great part, are the sanle those which are laboured for in England, under the leadership of Freemasons. The supporters of the principle of Godless education in the Board) schools and the opponents of the Voluntary schools are many of them personally connected with the craft. It is pleasant to observe, by the recent discussion in the " Church Times," that some sections of the Anglican body are awaking to the incompatibility between Christianity and Freemasonry. Saturday, 27th September, was dull and rainy, and many fears were expressed as to the weather on Sunday, that day of days for Trent. But the fears were groundless, for the morning opened bright and clear, and not too hot—in fact, a perfect Tyrolese day. The whole town was en fete from an early hour, the streets decorated with flags and banners, and coloured draperies hanging, from every window. All the Masses, from six o'clock onwards, were largely attended, both in the cathedral and the other churches at which the majority of those present received Holy Communion. The function at the High Mass was most impressively carried out before the immense congregation which filled the Cathedral. All the Bishops and clergy who had assembled to attend the Congress were present in the sanctuary and choir, and witnessed the solemn rededication of the city and; diocese to the Sacred Heart by the Prince-Bishop, Mgr. Valussl. At 3 o'clock the Cathedral was again ociock the cathedral was again densely crowded with a devout congregation for Vespers, after which the grand pnocession was formed. Seventeen Archbishops and Bishops, followed by an immense array of clergy, and laity from all parts of the world; took part in it. Sixty parishes and confraternities were represented with their banners. So great was the procession that it took three hours to defile past a certain point. It has been stated that upwards of 6000 persons took part in it. It was indeed worthy of the illustrious city in which it was held. In the evening a general meeting of the Congress took place in the chapel of the Seminary, and at this Cardinal Hallir, who had just arrived from Salzburg, was present. Replies from the Holy Father and the Emperor of Austria to the telegrams which had been sent the previous day were read, and received with loud cheers by all present. The Holy Father's reply to the telegram sent to him was as follows:- "The Holy Father was much pleased with the expressions of devotion and love addressed to him by those taking part in the Congress of Trent. He approves highly of their resolve and their will to combat valiantly with the arms which he has indicated to them in order to extirpate the Masonic plague. And in order that the result may accord with their desires, he grants, as a mark of his affection, to each and all of the members his Apostolic Benediction.—CARDINAL RAMPOLLA." After the transaction of some formal business, the meeting was adjourned to the following day, when the real business of the Congress actually commenced. Over the door of the Seminary to which the meetings are held was a Latin inscription, the composition of a young lady of Trent, The following is a translation of the inscription :— "You are welcome, soldiers of Christ, Prelates, illustrious men, natives of the country, and strangers from the whole world, united by an admirable bond, you have met to the: city of Trent combating the Masonic sect. May the Holy Ghost assist and favour your labours." On Monday the Congress was presided over by the Cardinal Archbishop of Salzburg, who was supported by a large number of Bishops and clergy from all parts of the world. The large chapel was again crowded by an enthusiastic audience,, for 150 fresh arrivals had swelled their ranks, chiefly from America and Canada. Many speeches were delivered, chiefly in Italian and French, strongly urging the necessity of union and co-operation among Catholics in all countries by means of the various confraternities. It was also recommended that the Perpetual Adoration of the Blessed Sacrament should be established in every town, and that special Masses of reparation should be said every week in every It was also pointed out that the disease of Masonry should be combatted by the Catholic Press, and by cheap publications exposing the objects of the sect A lively discussion arose In the course of the day regarding the amount of credit which should be attached to the revelations contained in the works published by Miss Dlalia Vaugtoan, especially in, he " Memoires d'une ex- Palladis-te." Some of the statements made by her were so extraordinary that they were felt to be difficult to believe. Doubts were even thrown upon her existence, since She had never, come forward in person to establish iher identity. On the other band, it was pointed out that many of the strange statements which she had made were supported by documentary and other proofs, and that she bad given names, addresses, and dates, to nearly all cases, by which the truthfulness of her assertions, might be tested. One most important fact, which she has proved, is of great interest to Catholics in this country. This is the close connection which exists between English Freemasonry and that practised in Italy arid France. • English Freemasons have always boasted that there was nothing in their teachings or in their " ritual" which was not compatible with Christianity. And they pointed to the fact that) aniany high, dignitaries of (fehe Church of England belonged to the craft, and even occupied high positions in it She has proved beyond cavil that the orders known as the "Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite" and the "Templars" teach an anti-Christian doctrine. She proves that in connection with these " orders" there are " Luciferian colleges in this country directed by the leaders of the Rose Croix and Scottish Rite." Indeed, she gives the names and addresses of these, who are some of them wellknown personages in England. In these "colleges" Sociniaa doctrines are taught and the actual worship of Lucifer practised. She further asserts that "the meetings of the Luciferian older of Rose Croix hold their meetings in Mark Mason's Hall, Great Queen-street, London, on the second Thursdays of January, April, July, and October." These are serious statements, which are capable of being verified or confuted. It is generally felt by members of the Congress that, whatever may be thought of the personality of " Diana Vaughan," the revelations made under that name are sufficiently definite and clear to justify their acceptance as evidence at least for examination. At all events, it has been decided to refer the matter to a special committee at Rome. The work of the Congress was divided between four committees, composed of members of various countries. Tie first committee dealt with Masonic doctrine, and was presided over by Canon Mustel, editor of the *' Revue Catholique de Coutances;" the second committee discussed the action of Freemasonry, the president beang M. Tardivel, editor of " La Verite," of Quebec; the third committee, on prayer, was under the presidency of Canon Oollett, Canon of •the Cathedral of Vich, in Spain; while the fourth, on proposals for anti- Masonic action, was presided over by Commendatore Pietro Pacelli, Vice- President General of (the " Anti- Masonic Union" of Rome. On Tuesday, 29th September, being the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, the proceedings of the Congress were opened under the presidency of Cardinal Hallir. He commenced by reciting the prayer to St Michael composed by the Holy Father, and which is repeated after every Mass. Papers were read by several prominent Catholics— among these one by Count Paganuzzi, President-General of the Catholic Committees of Italy, and one by Signor Respini, member of the Government Council of the Canton of Ticino, excited much enthusiasm among the audience, especially when the latter described with fervid eloquence the circumstances attending the murder of the chief of the Ticino Government, Louis Rossi, by the Freemasons. When he told them how the Catholic voters had, in consequence of this vile murder, driven the Radicals and Freemasons from power, the members cheered enthusiastically for they felt that this was a practical illustration of what could be effected if Catholics could only be induced to go to the poll at the elections. In the afternoon there was a con cert given by the municipality of Trent in honour of the Congress, and in the evening the city was brilliantly illuminated, and a fine display of fireworks was given in the great piazza in which the Cathedral is situated. One of the buildings in the piazza was outlined in coloured lamps, hiaving in the centre a representation of St Michael trampling upon SatanL This was loudly applauded by the spectators. The Pope's Hymn was continually played by the municipal band, amid cries of " Viva, il Papa.! Viva Trento." Wednesday, 30th September, was the last day of the Congress meetings, and much work had to be done, and many papers sacrificed, in order to comply with the programme. It was decided, howeve^, thait the most important of the papers not read shall be published by the Congress later on. A long time was taken up at every meeting in reading the numerous letters and telegrams which kept arriving daily from ail parts of the world, conveying messages of adhesion and encouragement sent by Bishops, priesti, confraternities, and Catholic societies, showing the general interest which ha® been taken in the proceedings. Cardinal Hallir presided a,t the final sitting dn the chapel of the Seminary, which was crowded with a most enthusiastic assemblage—the entire assembly rising to their feet and shouting, "Viva il Papa! Viva il Imperafcore ! Viva l'Untone Anti-Mas sonica!" The members then proceeded in procession to the Duomo to sing the "Te Deum," followed by solemn Benediction, and to receive the Apostolical Blessing given by the Cardinal Large numbers left Trent thait same evening, but many remained until the following day, when a pilgrimage was organised to the shrine of Our Lady of Caravaggio, situated at a short distance from the city, amid the most beautiful scenery imaginable. Thus ended a Congress which will be remembered, and whose effects will be felt in future days throughout the world. Half the battle is won when we know the nature of the evils we have to encounter. 