PERSONALITIES. Every broker in the city means to well, fco pick the Melbourne Cup or die. The South Adelaide Football Club will in future be virtually the East Adelaides. Everybody in Kalgoorlie who can raise fifty pounds is on the road to Melbourne. King O'Malley is quite pleased with the " Letter to Public Men " that Quiz addressed to him. 'The Adelaide Rowing Club are making arrangements for a most attractive season. Madame Melba is going to sing in Brazil. We shall hear her when she is a . toothless hag without a note in her voice. Lady Victoria Buxton appears to be able to make a more interesting speech than His Excellency the Governor A waltz written by Herr Heuzen roeder is to be played for the first time by Herr Heinicke's orchestra next Saturday. Dr. Riley, Bishop of Perth, is only 41 years of age. Ebenez6r Ward's speech on barmaids was intensely funny to those who are best acquainted with the " honorable " gentleman's career. Mr. S. Milbourn, jun., has forwarded a copy of an attractive piece of music entitled " The Princess Maud Waltz," by Theo. Bonheur. Messrs. Whitmore Oarr and F. W. Davis, the sporting editors of the Register and Advertiser, left tor Melbourne on Monday. The Kalgoorlie-Menzies railway bill is now an established fact. It has been carried through both houses of the Westralian Parliament. J. C. F. Johnson may be expected back in South Australia some time next year. He is beginning to be very bored with London. " The Mandarin," the locally written and composed opera, will be produced at the Bijou Theatre for the first time on November 19. There are rumors of at least three important divorce cases which are to occupy the attention of the Supreme Court in the very near future. Nearly every other man you meet in the streets nowadays has a tip for the Melbourne Cup handy. H«»w hard we ail try to make money out of each other. Quiz wants to know the name of the Irishman on the Register staff who " differed with " somebody. He must be a lineal descendant o£ the immortal Brian Boru. Cummins, M.P., is not troubled by bashfulness. He made his maiden speech in the House of Assembly almost before he began to realize where he was. Dr. Temple is the new Archbishop of Canterbury. A man with a name like that ought to be a Pope. And yet the London papers are antagonistic to the poor fellow. They say that a certain well-known Adelaide merchant receives the cold shoulder whenever he visits a Club which is not situated a hundred miles from Pirie Street. Mannum was rejoicing in a ghost of its own the other day, but the " bogey" has not yet been captured, and the local poet is well nigh franti? because no one will assist him with his rhymes. Jim Shaw is still roaming round the city, but it is only to say good-bye to his friends. After another six months we shall see him no more. Westralia will then claim him entirely for her own. Charlie Tucker has received a magnificent requisition asking him to offer himself once more for the city Mayoralty, and he has promised to do so. But if Fuller comes against him there will be trouble. The O.B.I, is still marching on to victory in spite of the bad times. Mr. Kirkham Evans has determined that the new building shall be opened free of debt, and there is every prospect of his wishes being realized. Young Bryan, the candidate for the American Presidency, deserves to succeed by reason of his pluck. Th# dollars are going up against him to an astonishing extent, but he looks like getting home all the satne. John Moule has returned from Kal goorlie with an air of prosperity aud a pocket full of sovereigos, or in other words, specimens. John thinks the West the greatest place that the Almighty has created. J. L. Bmython is the heal and front of the bi-mefcaliic movement in South Australia. If it were not for the 'Tiser's support there wouldn't be as much life in the affair as is to be found in a dead donkey. The little Chief Justice had his butter pot on hand at the meeting of the Adelaide Children's Hospital on Monday. The Governor was the victim, but he appeared to appreciate the oleomargarine proc-s^. Local baseballers are now working really hard. That trip to America is creating quite an extraordinary amount of enthusiasm, and at least half the " boys " have a notion that they will I e selected when the time comes. Quiz has received a copy of a small p imphiet entitled, " The Australians in England," giving a full account of the adventures of our b>ys in the old country, with a special chapter written by Mr. George Bull, who was for a long while associated with journalism in Sydney. The one tbiag that would have pleased South Australians would have been the appointment of Dr. Kennion as Archbishop of Canterbury. And he would have brought a tremendous amount of dignity to bear on the position. Henry Scott, one of the strongest men on the Conservative side, because nobody has got anything to say against him, doesn't seem to have a great deal of faith in the Register's Fund on behalf of the distressed farmers. Noel Buxton's remarks on the sub ject of his Queensland pilgrimage were not suggestive of a colleetiveness of wisdom, although they were embalmed in print. But then it is one thing to be a Governor's son and quite another thing to have brains. Quiz recently stated that Dr. Letcher was practising as a chemist at Wallaroo. It transpired that Mr. J. Letcher is the proprietor of the chemist's establishment in question, and t hat he is no connection of Dr. Letcher's. As Quiz exists to tell the truth he is glad to make this correction. Arthur Ware, Alderman of the cityr is still considering the question of the Mayoralty. If he successfully opposed Tucker he might be Sir Arthur Ware next May, but the pro babilities are that he will wait for another twelve months before seeking the highest civic honor. Charlie Kingston is coming out on top in the Hospital trouble. Even some of bis greatest enemies have b^en heard to praise his forbearance during the last few days, and when the full history of the " negotiations " with the late honorary medical staff comes to be written there will be only one man in it. The Parliamentary Concert Troupe, consisting of Messrs Batchelor, Coney beer, McGregor, Cohen, and Thomson, gave the people of Lobethal a treat last Saturday night, every item being encored. The first three are firmly fixed for some time, the fourth no doubt would like to he there again, but is it possible that Ramsay Thomson has aspirations ? C. H. Goode gave the Register a nasty jar when he suggested that the fund in aid of the distressed farmers was being raised merely as an adver tisement. Editor Bonython, of the Tiseb, came out with a counterblast on Tuesday, when he announced sub soiiptioi-is of £f10 10*. each from the members of the Ministry and <£100 " on his own." That <£100 will have a lot to do with future offerings. Noel Buxton has an idea that the aboriginal can be made to do useful work on the ^ugar plantations in Queensland. Of course, Noel is a clever young man who has been in Australia for quite six months, and therefore knows all about it. Unfor tunately Noel does not know the gentle aboriginal, who, as a matter of fact, hasn't got any work in him at all, and so far as intellectual faculties go, is absolutely lower than the Bosjesmen of South Africa. Our aboriginals are like a municipal corporation, they haven't a soul to be saved or a body to be kicked:' They will try to do a little hard work, but half an hour at the game is quite sufficient for them, and then they want to go away and hunt or something of that sort. Quiz re members very distinctly seeing some excellent work done by the sons of the soil upon a coffee plantation on the Adelaide River in the Northern Terri tory. The coffee berries looked admir able, and they bad been tended exclu sively by our sable friends. But when a little extra work was demanded of them they flitted — disappeared, vanished into the air. And they couldn't be brought back, either. They were looking after flying foxes, or euros, or some sort of game, and coffee berries did not interest them in the slightest degree. Owen Smyth has jumped with a heavy thud on the chest of Fire Brigade Superintendent Booker in consequence of the remarks made by the latter as to the insecurity of the Jubilee Exhibition in case of fire. There will be troub'e }et between these two officials. When they get tired of letter writing ther*> will be a call out, and the E ist Park Lands will be the scene of the meeting. Owen, as the challenged, will have the choice of weapons, and he will pro bably select a msrlinspike, having been a man who went down to the sea in ships. Booker has also been a mariner in his time, but he has learned the effectiveness of a douche of cold water, and he will stick out for his dues. And then there will be trouble. There will be nq possibility of recon ciling these irreconcilables, and while the seconds are attempting to arrange business Booker will leave the room in search of his largest-size hose, and having a good pressure of water handy, will apply himself with such vigor to the work of the moment that Owen / Smyth and the two seconds will be next heard of floating away down at the North Arm singing disconsolately about the pleasures of " A life on the ocean wave." Then Booker will go home with an immense chuckle, and will pray fervently for a big conflagra tion, and if it doesn't come to pass will start in pursuit of Owen Smyth with his steamer, and this time either utterly annihilate him or wash him out to sea, where he may be picked up by an ocean liner. 