Ringing the Changes, AN AUSTRALIAN HORSE PASTORAL. Br C. H. S. One steaming Sunday morning, we was riding slowly down— TLat's me and Joe from Walwa— to Tarioola town, Ani the chapel bell was ringing, as we cleared the bit of scrub Thai bounds the parson's paddock, at the hack of Riley's pub. We hadn't got a dcenar*, and we're anxious here to state We'd break no Sunday liquor laws— whilst Kiley kept a slate. This Bilcy seemed obliging, till he mentioned ?Toe'd a bill That stretched instead of shrinking up and settling in his till. So Joe to head him off talks horse, and, giving me a wink, Says, 'Kiley, what was you before you took to selling drink 1 I've heard as how you used to own a ringing good old gray: The Badger, quite a champion in the steeple chasing way.' First Riley wrinkles up his lips, half whistles, then hetpoke: ''Tis a very tinder topic, bhoys; that gray horse Bint me broke. But take a nobbier to his name, and while I tell ine tale, Just wish with me them Ooulia coves was doing time in gaol ! I lost him in fl kind of flood ; perhaps that's the reason why, When Badger's name is mentioned now, I'm always feeling dhry.' 'I never was a silver tail what goes for full and flash, I'm modest like, especially when I am out for cash; As most 'ud know old Badge could win the Ooulia Steeplechase, I didn't gas as how I meant to start him in that race. Not much 1 I just forgets him slick and in an absent way, He's entered ' Jenkin's brown, The Fox,1 and exits Riley's grey.' ' When a cove has taken lessons in a back block gaffing school, He isn't too particular when he wants to scoop the poo! ; And as I want's a monte what should cop the maximum, By wire they gets an entry for The Fifer ; whew ! a plum. The handicapper he fell in, and socks him up with weight, A pretty poultice, 14 etone ; The Fox gets 10 stone 8.'1 ?? Well, bhoys, ye know what color is, grey's always grey, brown ain't, But it isn't hard to change 'em if your handy with the paint. I'd got my dollars on The Fox, the pot was pretty warm — It somehow starts a-eooling when swish ! comes a thunderstorm, The field was at the starting post ; what price the rain? by cripes! The Fox wants brushing up again -he's coining out in sthripes !' 'I twigs a transformation scene about his tai1 and mane, As we waited for the flag to fall amidst that pourin' rain ; At last we're off. The coarse was shtiff and 'fore we got once round, A divil's dozen of 'em found they'd business with the ground ; .But two stood up : The Fox. hard held, the Doctor's chestnut led, But 'bout a mile or bo from home she landed on her head.' 'As he's winning in a canter then, The Fox , takes off too close, . And followin' the prescription he nearly got his dose ; .Don't make no odds the stumble, there's whips of time to spare. The Fox wins very easy by a furlong from the mare. Why does the Doctor protest ? What's that the dwned judge says, Number 93s Jjpnkin's brown; there ain't no zebra greys !' 'The band played then. Some swears its Badge. I asks the bloomin' Doc. If folks don't sometimes find their hair gone piebald through a shock. ' 'Tis rare,1 says he ; Bays I, ' The Fox is timid, easy scared, So Jenkin'ssays all them thundering falls have frightened him white-haired ! I swore the Badger's dead three months. ' Quite so ' they Bays ' he's dyed.' The chestnut mare she got'the stakes and I'm disqualified. ' To save my sktn and get away I paid up ' every debt, And had to give the Doc. my horse to square * a fifty bet; Ai in return he whispers me, ' Them water colours spoil,' And paintings last far longer when the artist takes on oil.' II I've balanced up his winnings since, though no more mokes I dyod, I bleached a bay to creamy with some shtuff call ' poroxide,' 'Tis made they say from bullock's skins— I dunno. Next year I won the Doctor's dollars, though— my word — I cost him dear, He'd got the Badger right again and backed him for a pile, But though I wasn't on the spot, I did him up in style. He don't know yet the yellow horse, that beat him on the post, Was thank's to that there stuff a crock bay steeplechaser's ghost.' That's how I got the office. If In Tariook town, Your parching /or a nobbier and no coin to plank down, Call around on Eiley and ask him far this tale, Sympathise disoreetly, and you'll get it by the pall. ? , ? Deenar, a shilling. ? He— 'Heel like a fool tonight.' Sbe ?j^'^Vhy to-night?'1 .J; Ambiguous; She— 'And would you hava toved me just as much without my money ?' Hs— ♦' Just as much, my darling.' -\Do fou think you could eat another piece of pie, Tommy f' 'I think I could, ma'am, tf I stood up.' In Chicago: Undertaker- 'Here, 'this won't dp; where is the sixth pallbearer?' ' He Is— er— thai is, he Is proposing to the widow.' ' The best preventive for seasickness,' says the Manayunk Philosopher, ' is to cHmb a tall tree and stay there till the voyage is over.' ' Well, I swam I' said the oat on the book fence, as a shower of boots came his way; 'that fellow must think I've been getting married.' Hoax—' Does Silliens know anything about ronsio?' Joax— ' No : he doesn't know the difference between a string orchestra and a rubber band.' ' I think it fs mean of you to say that the count is good tor nothing.' ' Well, I suppose if you ever go to Paris he will come in handy u an interpreter.' 