SPORTING. Amateur Turf Club Entries. The following entries have been received for the-principal events of the Broken Hill Amateur Turf Club races, to be held on April 25: Flying Handicap. - His Holiness, His Reverence, Bismarck, Irish Queen, Whisky and Soda, Shooting Star, Sweep, The Bit Lady, Fairfield, Revenge, Rejected; Glory Mohr. Minera' Purse.-Shooting Star, Israelite, Sweep, Eaglehawk, The Bit Lady, Peggy, Coorie, Lucky Boy, Logic. Tramway Handicap.-Sweep, Eagle- hawk, Glory Mohr, Fairfield, Coorie, Revenge, His Holiness, His Reverence, Bismarck, Irish Queen, Whisky and So-la. Hurdle Race.-Hear Hear, Ghost, Logic, Wallace, Diddn, Highflier, Bismarck, Cossack, Buttercup. A meeting of the committee of the Bar- rier branch of the New South Wales League of Wheelmen was held last night at Harris' Criterion Hotel. Mr. 0. H. Tonkin was elected chairman of committees, Mr. R. Nicholson secretary, and Mr. W. Hince treasurer. It was decided to hold a carni- val in the Silverton Park on May 24. Cash prizes amounting to £50, together with tro Ïhies, will be distributed. Mr. J. W. [arris has offered a gold medal for the winner of the One Mile Championship. The Ïrogramme will be published shortly in the IINKB. Owing to unavoidable circumstances it has been found necessary to postpone the wrestling contests announced for the Electrio Grounds this afternoon. They will take place next Saturday, when, as the entries are numerous, good sport may be expected. The annual meeting of the Football Asso- ciation, which was to have been held last night, fell through owing to the absence of the Victorian delegates. A match between St Peter's College, Adelaide, and the Scotch College, Melbourne, was commenced in Melbourne on Thursday. The wick«t was dead at starting, and St Peter's, who went in first, scored 85 (Bright 27 not out). Their opponents made a poor Bhow against tho bowling of Bright and Heseltine, all going for 34 (M'Leod 12). Heseltine did the hat trick. Scotch College had to follow on, and as the wicket improved considerably they made 266 for six wickets by fine free cricket Baxter made 89, Staples 74, Graham 46, and BaiUieu 30 not out. Idolater, the Australian Cup winner, finished fourth in the Easter Handicap al Caulfield last Saturday. The pony PickleB to whom he was giving 151b., beat him indeed the little fellow was only half i length behind Tinstream, who was bailee the winner. Young "Bobby" Lewis has this seaso) had 65 mounts more than any other Vic torian jockey. He has won 38 races, wa 21 times second, and ?3 times third. Ou of 52 mounts W. Douglass, the cross country rider, was only 13 timea unplaced. CydnuB, who won a two-year-old race a Sydney in Mr. W. R. Wilson's colors, is i half-brother to Boz, a Caulfield Cup winner Rosella, who won the Easter Purse a Williamstown on Easter Monday, is a half sister, by Trenton, to tho sensationa Pigeontoe. Mr. W. Lang, who used to rad Pigeontoe, owns Rosella. Eildon, winner of the Beach Handicap a Williamstown, is owned by Messrs. A. am E. Ezra, of India, for whom Mr. J. Ford ham purchiscd Quiver. They are describei as " the Rothschilds of India," and are, i: fact, closely related to Baron Rothschild Quiver and Eildon will be shipped fa Madras on or about April 24. The Australian mare, Good Hope, is i foal to the English champion, Isinglass. Says a sporting writer :-Paris, at nin years of agc, has managed to win a goo race at home after all, and the little Grane master gelding, in addition to the stake < about a thousand, probably won for tl .table another £8000 or £9000 in bets, f< Paris started a red-hot first favorite, an 'twould take a power of money, in thc teet of his previous ignoble public performance to make him first favorite in Englam where " form," and not fairy tales, maki I tho farorito. Paris, who always used ' bloom in tho spring in Australia, ali appears to have benefited by and blossom« in tho English spring, and as the oldgeldii appears to have won with about a stone ; hand, there may be yet richer races in ato; for him this season. Lord William Beresford intends visitii Australia next spring. Prior to the A. J. C. Champagne Stat Messrs. W. T. Jones and W. Cooper ga> 2000 guineas for Newhaven, reckoning hil a certain winner. His defeat by Coil mu have given the owners a big knock. J. Stevenson, who road Auraria in tl Melbourne Cup, is going to South Africa j June with "Joe" Griffin, the trainer. Carbine won his first Sydney Cup in '3 the same time that Wallace occupied la Mon Jay. The sire beat only 12, but Ca bins No. 2 defeated 21 (12 reversed Carbine met a superior field, bul ho on! got home by thc shortest of short head whereas Wallace, although a sluggish hors won easily. Each horse was three yea old on the occasion of his victory ; Carbii carried 9át, and Wallace 21b. less. A fielder who fleeced the backers < Wallace in the paddock at Randwick < Monday facetiously chalked on his bag tl wordf, " Gone, but noi forgotten." 