CRIME AND SUFFERING BY LUx. : BChapter IL-Continued. Soon he took them all to Wilton Hall Violet's future home, and Violet could not suppress a little cry of delight.. It was situactd on a hill, one side of which seloped down to a river that flowed through the grounds..: On the other side was a large park which was called Wilton Park. They stopped at the large iron gates, which was opened by a man (who with his wife was now looking after the place)'and then they proceeded slowly up the drive, a beautiful avenue of trees. When Roger had helped the ladies to alight they mounted the wide steps of the hall, and were met by the wife of the man who had opened the gate. Roger told her to get a good lunch for them, and, then proceeded to show them over the place. They walked down the elope to the river and around the park. They visited the orchard and flower garden, and when they returned to the house the hot-house, filled with the choicest exotics, were visited and admired. Roger gathered a houqouet of beautiful flowers and presented it to Violet In the conservatory was a magnificent collection of ferns, which Mrs. Burton said was the most beautiful she had seen. After lunch he showed them over the house. Theylingered long in the picture gallery, admiring the beautiful pictures, many of them paintedby Egochr-hicmaell' ," ' · -.";, - r "I hope you are pleased with your'fnture home," he whispered presently to'Violet. "I am delighted," said sheu "it is the loveliest place I have ever seen.m" She had always thought that her own home was beautiful, hbut this place exceeded all her expectatioas. Roger soon after this took them to see his mother, who was delighted to renew her acquaintanoce with Mirs. Brton, and was quite taken with the two girls. Ethel was not no pleased. Herbert Raymond had told her all about it, Irs. Burton even telling her that he had been engaged to Nellie, but she did not tell him that she already keev that. She was notat all pleased that Nellie was hack in England, but none would have guessed that from her manner. ,The three months passed rapidly away, and Violet's wedding day dawned clear and bright. When she awoke in the morning the bright son was streaming in the window, and outside the birds were singing merrily in the trees. She rose quickly, and dresas ing hurriedly, went outside. The dewdrop on the flower glistened in the sun, and the air was sweet with their perfume. She was walking aboat the garden, when Nellie joined her. "It is a lovely day," she exclaimed. "if happiness comes with sunshine there should he plenty for you my sister." "I hope there will, Nellie," Violet re. turned gently, but said no more, lest Nellie should contrast it with her own sorrow. At 10 o'clock Violet. arrayed in her wedding garments, looked a fair and heauti ful bride. Her robe was of pure white silk and lace, her hair was coiled around her head and fastened with pearls. Pearls were round her snowy neck. She wore a long veil and a wreath of orange blosso There was only to be two bridesmaids, Nellie and Ethel. They were dressed exactly alike, in cream satin and lace, and they carried small white b.uquets in their hands. Violet also carried a bouquet, oa much larger one, com posed wholly of the choicest exotics, pre sented to her by Roger. The church was densoely crowded, and a murmur of admira tion went round as the beautiful bride, followed by the no less beautiful bridesmaids, walked slowly up the aisle. The church was beautifully decorated, and over the heads of the bride and bridegroom hung a larne ring comeprised of orage bhossoms. .A eterm thi?veweddin gwa or rc t ?·f n dror e home witi the invited guests to the wedding breakfast.. Then cnsm the leave- taekig. Violet clung to her mother and sister with the tears streaming down her face. for no common tie hound those three together. showers of rice and congratulations. In her travelling dress Violet looked almost as lovely as in her bridal robes. They were going to spend their honeymoon' in sunny Italy, where Violet had always longed to iMrs,. Burton and Nellie felt lonely after Violet had gone away. Nellie could not have described how much she missed her sister, but as the weeks passed by she became more used to it. She had not yet heard of Herhert Raymond's engagement to Ethel Wilton, as she and her mother did not visit much. iMrs. Burton was not at all well, and needed rest and quiet. In three mouths' time Roger and Violet returned to Wilton Hall. where they were welcomed to their new home by itrs. Borton and Nellie, itrs. Wilton and Ethel, and a week later iMr. Burton and Nellie decided to go abroad, as both very much needei a change. One day Nellie was retorninc home after doing some shopping she saw Herbert Ray meond advancing towards her, her heart beat quickly and the color flew to her cheeks, but it faded, and the hope died out of her heart as quickly as it came. when, as soon as he noticed her, he crossed to the other side of the street. S"He has forgotten me," she thought, "while something like a sob'escaped her. iShe hastened home as quickly as she could and went to her own room, where some hitter tears were sh-d. Then thinking how foolish she was she dried her eyes and went down stairs. "WVhat is the matter," asked her mother as she entered the room, "yon do not look well, and are as pale as a ghost." Nellie smiled faintly. "I do not feel very well, and I am tired," mamma. "You must he tired with the prepara tions and everything ?" After tea was over hire. Burton sent her off for a good night's rest. Nellie obeyed her mother, feeling only too glad to get away. '-Mrs. Borton had said,' "You will he better after a good night's rest; but there ýwaein t3notkma ,rest gfore Nellies that. night. Fou'hdior?s'he lay sldeplessly turning and tossing in the bed, and not till about three o'clock in the morning did she fall asleep. In the morning she rose refrerehed, and with a determination in her heart to fret no more, ' she quite made up her mind that Herbert hbd forgotten her. Had he not crossed the street to avoid her? She had not been anxious to go away before, hut now she felt eager to go away from the place where dis appointments met her on every side. In a week they were ready to start; and so, after bidding good-bye to their friends, they sailed from England, IMrs. Burton to try and regain her health, and Nellie to forget her love on the Continent. She had not heard of the engagement of?.Herbert and Ethel until a fewr days before they left, and then she felt' more glad thau'ever' to get away. . "" ,Chapter m. Nellie was seated on the deck looking over the water when a gentleman nauntered up, lifted his hat, and thne took a seat. heside her. An unusoal proeeding, for Nellie was not quirk to make acquaontanre with :any ono. :As this gentloman, howeero, had done her a slight service thle rveninghefore~' she coald not hut respoed to his politenses. " -A kea',tiful morning, is it not?" he said "ae he took hit seat. "Yes, very," answercd Nellie; ' " You are from Encland. I heliese," "and again Nellie answered in the affirmative. "A h !Iteouol a' native of England, hot it is a good while inero I lived there. Do youlive in Londlon?" Nellie nnswered that she did, and then he proceedd to ask her more queaslons. Nellie answered as re servedly as she coald. "By the way," he exclnimrd presently, "did yoo know a family by the name of Wilton in London?" ' - "Yee. very well, my sister is married to 'Beger Wiltn.", : ' , , "Indeed I well that an unexpected nur prise ; I never heard that my old friend was married.· Roger and I werer ery great friends when I lived in London, and now to 'rhink that I have met his wife's eister l We will feel better acquainted now that we know each othe"s friends; it is awkward though we do not know yet how to address each other." "My name ia Burton." " " Mine is Henry Carlyle," replied her componion, "so now we can feel like friends." There was some silence between them for a time; Nellie gazed acress the deep blue eea, and a little sadness crept into her face. She became so deep in thought that she qeite forgot her companian, who was atidy ing her beautiful profile. Nellie was brought back to the present by Mr. Carlyle asking, "lIs Roger Wilton's sister Ethel still un married?" "Yes, but she is to be married verysoon,', wan the reply. "Do you know when' she in to be married ?" , "No, I cannot tell yon the exact time, hut it is to be soon." "Well, I hope I shall reach England be' fore the ceremonyg takes place. Perhaps I ehall get an invitation to the wedding, he said, laughing. '"Do you return to the wedding?" "I do not think so," answered Nellie, as mamma is leaving England in search of health, and I cannot leave her." "Who is Mies Wilton going to marry? "..'; "Hio name in Raymond. Herbert Ray-i.:; mend. He is v ey. rcli,' Nellie answered'd'-: rather shortly, not earing to enter linto anye:,?; more particulars. "I most try to get back to England be fore the marriage comes off, and I mst also write to congratuateo my old friend Roger." Nellie now turned away, having wearied of the conversation, and rather resented her companion's familiarity. Noticing that Herbert, or Ethel, or the subject wa -that distasteful, he changed it, and asked Roger Wilton's address. Nellie gave it to hem, and after thanking her, he relapsed into silence. "Does this Herbert ?aymond live in London?" he asked presently. "Yes, answered H'elite," with a slight frown, "he and Missn Wilton live only a short distance apart." "Indeed; Ido not remember the name, hot most likely I have met him." Just then MIrs. Burton came ep on deck, and he rose from his seat politely." Mrs Burton took it with a bow, and, as he want, asked, "Who is that?" "A gentleman who did me a little kind ness yesterday evening; his name is Mr Carlyle ; he is a great friend of Roger Wilton's," answered Nellie. "Indeed I" " Yea," said Nellie, "he is going to try and get back to Londoe In time for Ethet's wedding." As she spoke a little sigh escaped her, an once more her eyes wandered over the sea, o o n.) 