POINTS. [El Need&e;,] Tho First ? ' Railway Accident An Eastern paper says that Sir John Forrest is not a brilliant statesman, but that ho is 'essentially solid.' Nobody can disputo this. The output of gold from tho seven Australasian colonies for tho year 1895 ia returned as 2,35O,562oz., an increase of 10G,928oz. over 189-4. Advertising is ohoap these days : 3d, and 6(1. nu inch is really moat reason able, considering how crowded for space ono may be. Besides, with a daily paid circulation of 'steon thou sand ? ? What ! Who says its not ? Tho eternal fitness of things again. A horse called tho Duke of York is descended from a mare called tho Queen of Nations out of Britannia. Coolgai'dio is bocouiing the place for sensations. The Mayor, who recently mado himself so unpopular by his action during tho Railway Opening ' Shivoo,' has beon charged with misdemeanour, Next I The White-Haired, Boy is nothing if not original — aboriginal, in fact. This morning ho rings the changes in spell ing' Fromantlo with two 'n's,' which is a slight variation upon the two ' o's' of the ' 'tothorsider.' A man named Ryan was recently fined J25 at Kalgoorlio for using vilo Ian. gimgo. Tho polico ofllcor proBeouting said ' that during the whole of his ex perience in the service of the Police Department ho had novejf heard such vilo languago as -that mado uso of by tho accused.' Q, please, Thanh you. Has occurred At Coolgardie, Creniorne is closed. After four months' suocess. Hurroo for Casey! He's been 'copped,' Another burglary— this timo at Beaconsfiold. A cool and impudent swindle per petrated at the Port. Rough weather at Esperancet the roads full of shipping. A bad railway accident at Dry Creek S.A. Four men killed. Manly Beaoh, N.S.W., is becoming a regular 'Lovers' (Ghost) Walk.' Tho White - Hatred Boy and the (Herald) angels are still saying things. Tho dignified rojoiuer of the latter to-day pulverizes the W.H.B,'s state ments, The Premier, we are told, is better, and is going to Bunbury. Like likes like. Louis Kossuth, the famous Hungar ian Refonnor, was born just 94* yoars to-day. I hear Coolgardio is shortly sending down a Rugby team to play Perth and Fremantlo. Ooopor, the Fremantlo cycliBt, has ohallonged five 'champions 5' 'ono down t'other como up.' Good boy 1 I saw a copy of the New York World tho othor day, In it the greatest fight on record (on paper) takes placo between Fitzimmons and Corbett. A point for Colonel Angelo :— Thore must bo some tracea of the LoBt Ten Tribes outside Rottneat, because the chief of the Basutoe, in South Africa, is named Moshesh i We always havo to go abroad for news. The Times, speaking of tho liquor laws in existence in this colony, says that ' Drastic legislation was in troducod in 1893, with regard to tho Clubs.' Whon I think of the Swelled Club, ' I smile and pass on ' — a3 Lord Rosebery said. KAIiQOOLIE TAKES TUB CAKE, Tho Kalgoorlie Court waa orowded when Ryan's caso waa called, ? Tho prisoner looked sulky and the magistrate looked sad, The usher frowned severely — ' Silence in tho Court,' ho bawled. The prosecuting policeman stepped up briskly to tho box Prepared to give his evidence to Ryan's detriment. (The prisoner amused himself by pull ing lip his sox). 'You say tho languago that ho used was bad ?' tho B.M. said j 'Your worship, it was worse than bad— it nearly knocked me out, In fac', it was so awful that I wonder I ain't dead ! ' I was staudin' at tho corner doing no thing very hard ' When tho prisoner came rollin' out an' started off to swear, And, your worahip, ho just reeled it oil quite easy by the yard ! ' I havo honrd about tho fishwives, and tho way they talk polite, ., I've been droving, and I've known the drovers frizzle up tho grass, And I've hoard how drunken 'Tom- mies' go it, when they're in a fight. 'But in all my long experience of of adjeotival ' stars ' — In the West Australian polico force, I may say its quito unique— I've never hoard suoh languago'-- -hero lip reeled against tho bars, At tho more romombranco of it — ' as I listened to last week. When ho camo up with his littlo lot, And the air wont blue for miles, The trees all shook and a camol took its hook When it heard tho various styles. It took six of us to hold him down— We thought the look-up would break, He crack' d the earth, and now they say in Perth Kalgoorlia takes the calco I' 