.'J / "" -••"'-., i ,»•'-' 1 ee : -dpi- -e ;' -a 1 \- ''' ' ' . 'd i 1 of reg i : '• •'' 1 1 r. • -, ige.ge: v. : - ; , i g V i i •--'Oee s . g \ t'-' e:gg- < T ! e bin'' ' I V; ree l* '••-e'e, r( 1 ieg;: ::.t 11 0 ph i' 'J t; e rig'-g l.r-d. sig" ere ijet '.!..gs(ioeS of (gl'i- I ai& coieg-g, a 2d beai - '•S.'- >:-,-: r :f ieiegis, iggig. i;} o f r n- , topaz. tr iog-e ;i j f -j, segh as ci in a thdihgeeeg, en,i V !:'. h r -li e's i i their i nurtic iscerg the s:re. ;ee blue g!o v of tho cei-i. In the midst ct t; is 1 - ;nr.r tg'il'gl all in tee.i:, ©or? hears no sr. •<\- of hinhi, no hum bees—the cr\iio j. 3 uo o-i-i! to the eustenice cf any living gr-e'gg- le, Even t •>e, voicQ of the trees is etiiied ben lath the mo lion loss fl if; CO. A huge ml r.or sire am f. \ P«pp-ie3 reifnpr pprmg the bore of tbo v-"dley — it fills the fiienc-> v-i'h ;;o found of inrhvlii- m and 8 p 1 a si '.in p w a t«r:;; r.s; it Lnlda but fbiclc j film vrhit.; VRpoifi, >;r>, whoo'i l.-.va without; j wetiiog tho ob'ot if : ehoro find the baeo of J tha proinoo'crii n, cr ri -n p.c-d float like a, veil | (;f l.itrn aeons tho lake h enebr.nted island. I Mo'toa is wot, h.iwpvcr, entirely lacking in j this siic'tt ppot— bs a drapery flutters in tho I brczi?, ro burn ran? there the placid flurf&co; | of tho I' ! e i'leUer--', and its calm is breken ' by eilvc-;* •>*'.!•;>3. Krro nnd there nlorg the 0=3 re 1—0 \ir i"> th * t ci f 1 1 1 u 1 'f 3 r 1 " 8 1 1 est human forma, :il of rm--t- tvhicn ' t jo I e 1 t r fro 1 1 - 1 i 1 th ) 1 1 r*n ( b « 1 0 1 1 lit n 1 f >rth only the rfir.n- -tneir shrunken lir-s it n 11 1 1 1 c c their =i t jria to show the ihiierenoe !/am tho lake, theso shades of n vvr.nder along its shoiefi, or i t it 9 haiiks where, thro-adi their c 1 >odic?, one may see the earth on V. '1:!. -,; ; tbr-y r est, glistening with its flowers 0! C L id az, v.'hcse petals do not even bend ber.f-nth theii : weird burden. Sosisfcim tneir eibows resting upon the ground, their heads bowed upon their hands, these spectrcs sc-em to dream. Of what stuff arc their dreams? Perhnps of their past existence ; perhaps of the existence the future holds for them. Tor in thia valley sojourn those souls who are destined to a new experience of earthly life. After having been judged by the terrible and incorruptible Yama, at onee the Minos Rnd Piuto of the Hindoo underworld, after having; accompolisbed Sheir iimo of torture or delight accordsrg as on earth they had IivecUn vice or virtuo, it io in this ppot that, ! purined by their czpktiou or recompensed for the courage displayed in their struggle, equal hepcefoilh in the eyes of Indra, the god of heaven, their pence made with Brahnt-a, tho nil-powerful creator, with Shiva, the allpowerful destroyer and regenerator, they awr.it the advent into the world of an infant into whose body they must effect their transmigration. Oca day, C; ilra-Gonpts. tho a nod of ctRMeid h'jc, aieng T.h sn' three r&<rs of shwrders are ranged eix pairs 01 powerful v-ing?, catno in his capacity ai Ihime Mini- : : ier of Yama, to arrange for tho transmigration cf the EOUIS. Before the diamond portals by which the valley is entered he encountered the goddess Schitala, the protectrets of children born or to be born. The angel Cbitra-Goupta frowned as ho beheld her, for in the geddess he recognized a powerful rival. l; Are ycu again here with your complainings," said he, "and still asking us for your charges those gilts which only the great gods themselves can bestow .' I have nothing more to ask," answered Schitala, " from Brahma I have obtained wliat 1 desired for the happiness of the entire hv.mrax race, and am here to signify hiB com- " What do you propose to do, and is it to be done?" " Listen, Goupta, and be proud to second me in my great and holy undertaking. Man, as you know, has nearly always something to oomplain of in hia earthly lot. Would you know why ? It is because too often his soul, abiding in a body not made for its dwellingplace, is forced to endure conditions which are in opposition to its instincts. Hereafter, instructed in advance of its future deat-inyj the soul will be given the privilege of accepting or rejecting this envelop of flesh within which it must accomplish its mission. This is the prayer which I have addressed to Brahma, and which he has granted." The Minister of Yama gave vent to such a burst of laughter that his six pairs of wings beat together against his three pair of shoulders, and eever&l; seconds passed before he could regain his speech. At length he overcame his hilarity. " Are you dreaming, mother ? Brahma himself, overcome by the perfumes of Camslata, or by the sweet cordial of Armitam. must have been dreaming when he made Euch a promise. By the flames of HadeB, I am inclined to believe he was amusing himself at your expense." In reply, Schitala drew from beneath her scarlet mantle the decree sent forth by Brahma, carefully enwrapped in leaves of lotus and couscha, and handed it to Goupta, as the diamond doors swung open of themselves before the two angels. " Curses upon man ! the world is coming to an end," murmured Goupta, sighing so deeply that all the fragile phantoms of the lake were blown towards the further shore, as the foam of the sea is blown before the breath of the tempest; "to make man his own master, to have him to accept or reject his future destiny! Too much charity has made you foolish, old mother; hereafter we shall have no more souls to supply, except to the children of the rich and powerful. * Before a half century has passed, kings will be bcrn without people to govern, and the brahmins will preach in the desert." "Let us try," said the goddess. " It is well, since it is your wish and Brahma's decree." After thoroughly mastering the significance of the divine order, the emerald angel, somewhat re-assured, approached the lake, con suited hia register, and than in sonorous tones called in turn six souls, giving each the surname he had borne on earth. At the utterance of each name the waves trembled, a light bubbling manifested itself on soma point of the lake's silver smoothness, then a shade, slowly rising from his vapory couch ; gained the shore. When he saw around him all the sis together, Chitra-Goupta informed them of the degree of Brahma,, and impressed upon them the one restriction which they must un.hrstar.d. By a refusal to become at once the inhabit ant cf the body pre-destined for him, the soul would lose his chance oi life, and must remain as many years longer in this valley of shadows a3 he might otherwise have lived among the world of men." This was the clause which had re assured Chitra-Goupta about the consequences of the decree. The first soul called was that of an old dervish, who had left in Mysore the memory of a life full of holy self-denial as we'll as the most pious mortification of the flesh. " You," said the angel, " shall be born in the midst of an honest mercantile family, whose lives run in a groove equally separated from the honors which bring care to the mind as from the troubles whioh rob it of its strength. Rejoice 1" "Rejoice doubly," said Schitala, "for, sweetly lulled in the gunshine of your mother's caresses, you ehall escape the corruptions of t ;- e the world, and still enveloped in the robes of innocence you shall die an infant. This time you shall gain the prize of victory without the struggle of combat." " To die an infant," replied the old dervish; "what! to put my lips to the brim of the cup and have no power to drink even half it holds ! to see once more the dcors of life open to me, and tsauso »nn" the threshold I | Bettor were it not to be born. I have tasted | the joys of heaven, now I would know those I of earth. I will wait." And with a gesture j 0? refusal, the dervish plunged into the lake. ; "The old fool has become perverted in heaven," said Chitra-Goupta, shrugging hia thr. c pairs of shoulders. " Can it be possible that extreme virtue as well a3 vice occasions remote?" murmured Sehitalo grown pensive. Another soul took the place of the dervish. Chance, or it may be destiny, sometimes pleases itself by bringing together strange contrasts. This soul was that of a bayadere, who had delighted all Benares by her graceful and voluptuous dancing. She had even figured brilliantly in the ceremonies of the temple, where, in spite of her eccentric behaviour, she had the protection of the priests fturins? her lifetime end, perhaps, after death the indulgence of the gods. She approached iiuhtly—almost in a bound—the divine pair. laC.mto 1 '-r f. a, to foe nip, tin; cue ot iicr tie. I'f. before g n L'Piribio, )id • ' -* i:o 1 V e sr.d lurch formed !- y,' J:i;,kd :i .:oi'.r n herself, houid bo -••;; from ;• -.,'i i. if. Ilovirr.cc, • hi r r, -1'- she Y7-H JIG 1 : to II; will is nrd'-i your-ff, this rich, nabob whom yr.'.ir n 22 ; .•v tfi-:-r i n > > : --u 01 a terras joiti; J'rr-a a 1 • •-•-• nnd t'oi.-; nr e one ho y."M ;; pi• d itoUij oi countenance." Ihe'll I b. ;-.-• him cVJo'rcri ?'' ;.-ih jot-r br.?br,Rd£—-tlx! .yenpg &s; well as the dd—R'-u-Jt leave you childless." TI-o countenance fell; her look ci chv"-!&tien; *7f,s pitiable. " C- •!'' r-ha repeated; Et ill this cishoz>or 1" ^nd tmning abruptly away, she di?"T'p?-Rred, faltcriup- : 1 ' 1 L ut tna py cf ^ri^rri y ! no T o n 'd ai f d l o c V r r rirrt 1 < po <h ^ "ci 0 i f i t " I i r t to on ->%na fni3. Is vour sex still s in tni'3 cmuira cf yhr-sts ?'' tr locuu-ea wuh barrenncp.H could i tpr-ak, ! Goupu i, vou wouia have its answer, • Kter'.tuy w dishonor.' •Y.r woman the case ii 11 0 c'rr" f il Brahma the divine, ' We l-K^.ble t 1 £ a from the tn i- t «ay ' of i-no worm H existence, to snare wiih woman the faculty oi creating- Almost from ! her cradle she thriils with an aspiration to j maternity. Even jet an infant is she already ! & mother. Poor bayaddre ! I understand her • refusal." ! " Very we'l," replied Cbitra-Gonpta, " bu in the meantime we tun t.he tick of*not find in? a ecul who wishes to Ictue this v&lhy.; 1 We have tried without succcss, the old c-ervish nd the ycimg bsyf.r<ke —row lit us undertake the one cf this whilom jrincc, «»» h'itcly ch-ng to the hopeless h,nr;irg for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for glory, arc the moving impulses of bis ciass : this time, I am sure cf acceptance," and with a gesture he called to hira the soul whose turn had come. "R'-joice," cried Gjupt.a, as tha sha-la approached, "rejoice, and thank the gods you shall be king." " King !" replied the soul with a shudder. * In the olden times it was to a decree endurable—to day the position is a sad and cruel one. To make one'f-aelf the exeeutioner of one's own family, for the purpose of standing well before hia people; to merit tha chastircmer.t of heaven, and the contempt of men—only to become at last 'lie vassal or prisoner cf the European invaders. What a file! My uncle, the powerful sovereign of ]) ce&n;, forced me to bum cni r:.y eycMhst hu-psopk fhovdd not think me unworthy lo succeed him. And bodied—how? The humble '"epcndect of the English king! Better vera it to be born !n the humble cabin of a pnuah than on the golden steps that lead to (he throne of Delhi." " There is more danger (han I believed, since even kings decline the offer," murmured the minister of Yama. " Y\ r e are only half way yet," pleaded Schitala, " let us go on." Of the two souls who followed, or.o wa3 offered the body of a banker not too scrupulous in liis inethed of acquiring wealth, and who, gaining fortune, should at the same time f.-;!l a victim to a serious i'lnees, so that lie could but rarely leave r. bed of pain. The other was destine;! to er,t:r ihe hody of a laborer, whose out-door life would give him the inestimable blessing of health and strength. " To be," said one, " at tho same time in health and adversity ! What is that but to possess a good stomach oniy as an abiding place for the demon of hur.gc-r ? " " Wealth end suffering," quoth the other, "a mantle of gold flung upon theshouldcrscf a corpse." And both refused. " What have you to say now, Schitala ?" asked the emerald angel with an air of triumph. " Do you stiil think it wise and just to instruct men concerning the fate iife holds for them, and to leave them free to choose or reject their new birth 1 With thia state of things, I repeat, the land would soon be depopulated. Thanks to the imprudent prayer you have addressed to Brahma, there are already upon earth five poor mothers bewailing the loss of tbc-ir still-born infants." Seeing the good Schitala covered with shnrne and bowing her head in silence, ho Boded : " Heed me, Schitala, let us go no further— for the last soul left us to consult wiil surely, and with reason this time, return at once to the lake." Opening his book, he prepared to draw a line through the six names written therein, but the remaining soul, finding herself alone, did not await his summons, and silently approached the block of malachite. By her mournful step, her drooping head, one could plainly read that the memories of her life awoke within her breast only sad and melancholy impressions. This was the ghost of a poor girl of Lahor, who had in life a grievous lot to endure. Far removed from the pleasures which rank, fortune, and pow er present, she had been the sole support of cn aged and helpless mother. When, at last, Ad is a no, the God cf Unhappiness, had seemed placated hy her resignation, and love, with its promises of happiness and consolation smiled upon her, her wedding morning shone upon her dead—poisoned by a venomous serpaot. " Poor creature! You are fatally pre-destmed," murmured the angel. "I cannot say to you as to the others, 'Rejoice!' I cannot oCtryou in jour new life anything but pain and privation. These'two souls who but now were before me refused their transmigration because they could not possess both "health and fortune—for you I can promise neither the one nor the other. You must endure both poverty and suffering. Do you accept iife at such a price ? Decide." The shade, making no motion toward the lake, stood silent and attentive, as if in heps that some further revelation mi^ht soften the cruelty of the words she had already listened to. "Alas! alas!" said in turn good Schitala profoundly touched with pity, " profit by tho gift of Brahma, dear eoul; not only through the continued failing of ycur health ehall adversity pursue ycu, but after years of incessant and fruitless toil, grown feeble and and broken, you must exhaust the remains 0! venr strength in caring for your invalid husband." The young soul started. "This husband st whose side I must pass my future life in toil, trouble, and illness—will he love me?" " Yes, but no you alow?. A rival shall b3 preferred h y cn : f rc;r. !j, c nshe? of your h:;ppirie.-s, barely known before it fades away, shall come to yen r-ew r-gony—new Fullering more heavy to endure than all the rest. You wiil be jealous." "But I shall love him, then ?" " You wiil love him." " Unto the end." Yes. unto the end ; for alone of all his wives you will follow him to the fiery heart of his funeral pile." " Blessed be the name of Brahma ! I would live." _ To this cry of love, this passionate expression of devotion and self-sacrifice the cold and silent valley, found a responsive echo ; the trees were shaken from their immobility, the phospherescent lights and the diamond flowers shone with redoubled briili'-.nev, and all the phantoms dwelling in the ehadowy deptha_of the lake roje to the surface to wave to their companion a gesture of farewell. But already the benevolent- goddess had clasped beneath her piurir msntle tho poor tender soul, while Chitra-Goupta, spreading swiftly his six pairs of wings, took his flight to the seventh euperior heaven, to seek from Indra, the high god, the annulment of Brahma's decree. Indra revoked the decree; but on tho pages of his golden bonk be wrote the name of the young girl of Labor, and underneath—the name of Bayadere. MEDICAL ana physocolojic^l observations in Trance tend to confirm the views ol English physicians to the. it'fect that scarlet fever has its origin in tho milk of diseased cows. THE figures cf the Berlin Bureau of Statistics show that there are ten thou-and locomotive engines in Germany, seven thousand in France, and twenty-eight hundred in 