SYDNEY DAY BY DAY. ' Archdeacon Gunther's speculations re specting a future lifo for animals ro- opoued a wide field of speculative philosophy at one time industriously cultivated. Although tho themo wnB appropriate enough for dis- cussion when tho topic was kihdneBS to dumb animals, it is scarcely one from tho examination of which' much advantage is likely to bo derived. The archdeacon fired it upon a body of unbelieving Jo.ws, a race which long seemed uncertain about a future life for mankind, lot alono animals. eStill tho poor Indian with untutored mind had no doubts about tho mattor, but thought that : Admitted to that equal sky, Ilis faithful dog would bear him company. If tho ghost of any blackfollow's dog comes snilling' round tho liecls of . our glorified spirit, our glorified spirit is going to kick that disembodied cur . and see what tho spectre Indian wants to do about it. The practice of conferring gifts upon persons likely to be favourably affected thereby towards , the' donors, is common in tho vulgares); circles. Tire butcher sends presents to bis customers' cooks, the corn merchant makes a presentation to coach men. But in Oriental countries tho process prevails on a nobler scale. The moral in tention is the same, however, in all the cases. To avert injury 'or induce favour £120,000 to tho British Royal Family re cently presented by tho Ameer of Afghanis tan is ;aftor nil - a small,- thing . compared with what certain .servants of the East India Co. received in Cllvo's timo. Clivo himself in ono year, 1767, received from Bongal potentates littlo testimonials to tlio valno of £4-11,600. In 1765 a native Prin cess gavo him £58,833 more, and during 18 successive years lio drew from a province, tho revenues of wliieh woro generously nllottod to him, £30,000 a year besides, i.e., £540,000 more. ,The Ameer is a mere tyro with his wretched £120,000. But then the Royal Family are not Olives. Mr. Commissioner . Incomo Tax Spiller's description of liimBolf . Bitting iii ail offico chair all day to -be bombarded with' ques tions about his returns, and then sitting up all night to , think wliotlipv lie has given tho right answers oif not, .is funny. At least -it would bo '-funny if tho returns had ..loft' .p'eoplo- any timo to laugh— which tliey - haven't. Truth is it is our fashion to mako an im mense fuss and hoofoosh about anything for tho time novel, - lilce theso returns. People in other 'countries where a similar tax obtains would bo vastly amused could they see our excitement and'Mr. Spillor's. In England, for instance, tho man' who has a taxable income, and lias any doubt as .to how to show it, just loafs round to tho man who supplies tho returns (frequently a tobacconist), and tlio latter gives him good advice, and perhaps fills in tho form, and they both yawn and say it's a fine day, or tho turnips look woll, or something, and they yawn again, and both forget all about tho matter. And when a man is getting vovy old and approaching tliosilent tomb, and it isborno in upon liim that lio.hns, in h long nnd ill- spcntlife, diddled tho revenue out of £500 or so, ho encloses p. fiver to tho commis sioner and dies and goes to heaven or olso- wlicre, and everybody is satisfied. Tho calm, cold atmosphere of the English in como tax would exhaust Mr. Spillor, who seems to love heat and unnecessary high pressure, in threo days. . Sydnoy lias a largo population. A large proportion of tliat population like fish — good, fresh fish, that is.' ' Tho deop sea round our coast swarms with good, fresli_ fish. An amateur: party, for instance, re cently hooked a vast number of excellent scliuapper. Sclmappor, when fresh caught, aro lovely fish, Fish in Sydnoy are pre cious, and almost as dear as much fine gold. Sydnoy fish aro not invariably fresh. It may now bo' ohoerfully ad mitted that tho foregoing propo sitions encountered' in typo havo a jerky and di3loc;Vtod aspect. Nevertheless, certain hunks of eternal truth aro wrapped np tlioroin. Also thoso propositions con tain a problem — and tho problem is how to bring a sufficiency of good, fresh fish at a cheap rato to tho doors of tho Sydnoyites who want fish. It is evident that lioro, as elsewhere, a ring oxists with tho ob ject of .keeping up tho prico of fish, and that this ring, for its own profit, limits tho supply, which is practi cally illimitable. When Mohammed (not iVn/iomci, please) found tho mountain would not come to liim — and that is the way of mountains — thosonsibio prophet wont to the mountain. Tho moral to bo deduced from this homily is that those who desire to in troduce good fish to tlio publio ,of Sydney must go to tho deep sea in steam trawlers and catch the fish, and thus smash up tho existing ring. We supinely pormit New Zealand to supply us with' fish while a few leagues to seaward of our ports fish of the best quality are calling out (figurative ex pression) to us to come and catohthem. Many porsons will loam with olmstenecl regret of tho removal of tlio department of the Minister for Justico from the old Geological Museum; To tho ,woll-balanced mind, accustomed to eontomplato tho eso teric meaning of things, there must he so subtle a connection between the science of justico as she is administered in New South AVnl s and tho science of ..geology that tlio necessity of storing both un der ono roof is self-evident.; For iustanco, tho palmozoio period and our variety of justico are co-equal, and both, owing to their extreme antiquity;" are deemed by some emiitontly respectable. ' The intimate correspondence betweon fossil remains and our Department of Justice calls for no comment.' Again, geology con cerns itself with, flints, stones and other hard substances, while impenetrability is the very heart, so. to speak, of our judioial system. Are. thore not, as Shakespeare wrote, 'Sermons in stones," and does' not justice 'daily preach homilies of the most stony nature? - Gold and the other pre cious motals constitute the romance alike of geology and ' lattor-dny justico. But, enough ! Tho dopartinont should un doubtedly, have remained where it was, if only that the geologist of tho distant future might have had to hand specimens of tho fossilliforqus deposits of the nine teenth century. Opponents of the admission of women to University degree? and inferentinlly to-tlie exclusive professions'; sometimes make use of very , curious arguments and suggestions. Thus a Cambridge don, one Dr. Ginsburg, M.A., while disclaiming any desire to hinder women from tho pursuit of knowledge for knowledge's -sake, questions, whether it would ho advantageous to herself, her possible husband, or for tho future of the human raco, that alio should mako uso of hor knowledge as pro fessional capital. In view of tho results — what results ? — of fcinnlo competition in London with clocks, cashiers and type writers, Dr. Ginsburg asks whether tho same strugglo is to bo carried into tho pulpit, tho law courts and tho laboratory. Clearly this places tho attitude, of men <hi learned professions on tho same footing with that of labourers and mechanics in Australia, who object to the intrusive competition of cheap-wago, iuferior, i.e. alien, races. ' That is to say, Dr. Ginsburg nnd his sympathisers wish women to be regarded and treated as dangorous indus trial competitors. ZED, 