SUNDRY NOTES. To tho ninny mistakes chargeable against him during tlio Inst few years, Sir llonry Partes is apparently beat npon adding yet another, by hia deci sion to contest tho Waverley seat. It may at onco bo admitted that any qualified elector hi\3 a right to seek tlio suffrages o£ his follows when nud rrhore he likes, while in further support o£ Sir Henry's action, it hns to bo borne in mind that he was tho recipient of n re quisition. But admitting all this, what placo is thero in polities for him at tho present singe, and what is likely to bo the result should he succeed in his attempted re-entry therein. His re signation of the leadership of his party in n mood of petnlanco and disgust, when no longer ably to control tho House in 1801, and his frantic efforts to regain that position ever since, aro all incidents still fresh in tho public mind. His erratic conduct in tlio last Parliament when ho mode so inglorious a bid for the leadership of tho Protec tionist opposition, suflieiently indicated that ho wns quite prepared to sacrifice nil principle in his feverish haste to re turn to power. Following that catnc his contest with Mr. Eeid in tho King Division, waking still moro impossible any re-union between himself and the main body of tho freetrado party. Since then something lias been hoard ot a pension on his bohalf, and tho public wns led to believe that whilo ho was willing to accept, the Government were prepared to proposo such a grant. Tho proposal was of course based oil tho assumption that Sir Henry had per manently decided to retire from active political life. Yet at tho very first opportunity ho prepares to again enter I ho arena, lie never was a man open to advice, which ho invariably accepted with a bad grace nnd but rarely acted upon. Hut if ever there was a time when his friends might do him a good service, it is now, if only they would muster courage to openly dissuade him from his present course. » » a What place can Sir Henry hopo to liud in Parliament just now likely to add to his own reputution or further the interests of tho country ' Let him profess his freetrado principles as much as lie likes, he utaiuls as tho out-and out opponent of tlio fi'eot;-:ule Govern ment, and to this extent is au aliv of tho party under JLi\ I.yno's leadership. His pteseneo in the House might enable him to harass tho Government, his assistance and advice might occasion ally add to tho nfleetiveness of the Opposition ntiaeks,-but io this a pur poso to rcbi«k Sir Henry ought todeioto himself, or in which he can decently ask the authorisation of u great free trade constituency such *is that to Trhich he appeals 1 Unable to lead a parly, lie declines to follow the leader ship of others, hence his presence in Parliament would in all probability, judging by the incideuts of the past two years, only tend to hamper the progress of legislation, and bring upon hiuiself a deluge of opprobrium and rc pronch. A man of tlia past, he is un able to see the altered conditions of the present, or to change with them. Accustomed to rule, to lead, to play a first part in the business of govern ment, he l\as not coma to recognise that he has slipped from his position, that other men have taken his plaec. Relieving himself neccssary to the wel fare of the country, he is oblivious to tno fact that the country no lougor regards him as essential. When to all this it has to be added that frequent disappointments have clearly soured his temper, and that age is inducing im patience-possibly because he is keenly alive to the fact that he cannot nttord to wait, that if he is to do anything it must bo done at once-it is perhaps not very surprising that he should be so frequently making mistakes. It is none the less regrettable however, that ono who has filled so largo a place in 1 the public life oftho colony should per- j sist in a coursc that promises to cloud j his reputation and make his closing j days ridiculous. This Waverley election servos ny a reminder of the comparative brevity of political life. Mr. Angus Cameron, whose death has occasioned the vacancy, was one of the four uien in the present Parliament, who also held scats prior to the Electoral Act o£ 18S0 coming into force. Fifteen years is not a very long period, yet it has been sufticient to hurry out of politics all the men in Parliament before 1880, save Messrs. II. H. Brown, H. Clarko, J. McElhone, and A. Cameron, and now the last utimed has disappeared. Even of tho gentlemen named only one had wit nessed an uninterrupted term of Par liamentary life-Mr. H. H. Brown tho other three having had their careers interspersed with seasons of political banishment. In the Upper House a rapid clnngo in the personnel is to be expected, seeing that men aro invariably well advanced in years before being appointed to its membership. But hero also four members holding seats in 18S0 still survive-Messrs. De Salis, Thorn ton, Cox and Norton. This is n much stronger proportion of survivals than in tho Asse.nbly, too latter being tho more numerous body. But the reason is obvious. AVhile tho Councillors are elderly men they are only removable by death or resignation, while in the Assembly m addition to those causes, there is the risk of dismissal with every recurring election. It would bo a long and complicated job to ascertain the average period of political life allotted to tho people's representatives, but judging from the foregoing figures, it is a remarkably short one-painfully so the politicians would probably pay, if invited to express an opinion, * # * # A rolerenco to this subject serves to recall the experience) of our oldest Par liamentarian in this matter. Sir Henry Parkes, like most men with an extended and remarkablo experience, is a trille fond of dwelling 011 tho fact, and of referring to tiio wiclo range of events that havo come within t?ie scope of his peiso::;>l kmnWcdgo. For 0110 who entered political life before tho colony possessed responsible Government the temptation to ponder over the reminis cences of the past must be a stroll? one, particularly when tho individual has played so prominent a part in the public affairs as Sir Honry Parkes, and when too ho is not unsuspected of vanity. Aa demonstrating how great indeed has been his experience, as gir ing an idea of the changing current of political life along which with hardly a break lie has sailed for over forty years, Sir Henry recently compiled u curious return. It was a"record of all the men lio had seen enter and disappear from the Legislature ; men who have worked up the political hill, folded their arms, made speeches, figured for a little while on its summit, aud then disappeared on the other side never to appoar again. And tho list contains o»er a thousand names. Some have been removed by death, some have retired from the political stage, others have been pushed from it, somo havo drifted into tho devious paths of crime, all havo disap- j peared. To Sir Henry their names i must be as mile posts on tho long road I he has travelled, and it is not improb- ! nblo that the memory of those transient legislators, Hitting by in such rapid yet endless succession, must frequently crowd round him like the ghosts of tho buried past. * * » V Mr. Lyno, and somo of his hench men, are bestirring themselves in a vain effort to flog protection to lifo again. Most pcoplo thought that it I was not only dead but decently buried, I and tlioy naturally oxpoct that some | cause should bo shown for this attempted disintorrmont. Mr. Lyno ; docs not however present any fresh facts or avgmnonts, nor seek to ovor awo his audiences by formidable) array of newly contorted statistics. In these directions ho is apparently con tent to follow on tho srvtuo beaten track with which ho has niado himself familiar. But oven tho " Leader of llor Majesty's Opposition"-as ho delights to call himself- evidently re cognises that ho is called upon to offer soma reason for his present vigorous beating of tho fiscal tout tows-and ho rises to tho occasion. With the Holeuiuity of tho gravo and the pro fundity of tho owl Mr. Lyno invites his hearers to mark that they have frectrado now, and then with tho em phasis of conviction ho inquires to know whether it has brought pros perity with it. This sort o£ tiling may convince Mr. l.yne, but to tho average citizen it will sound childish to expect any marked result in February from a policy inaugurated in January. But if it is a fair thing-which it is'nt-to expect to see the effects of tho free, trade policy in a month, it cannot bo j unfair to ask Mr. Lyno to pay a little attention to the etl'ects of l.is protoc tivo policy after it had beoit in vogito four years. As a result of that four years' operations, tho country was not altogether surfeited with prosperity on .'iltli Doc. last. On the contrary it is the opinion of many of its citizens that it novcr was at a lover obb. Yot Mr. Lyno having hntl a four years' trial of his nostrtmi, asks that frcetrade shall bo judged waiiiiug because it cannot put everything ,right in a month. And ho l'urthet submits tho modest demand, I that, as protection has during tho past four yeara proved itself utterly incap able of redeeming tho pri>inisr-3 ifmiq in its name, ho shall bo authorised to reinetato it in tho position from which tho country has vehemently ejected it. " Damn the blunder. I tell you ho is simply the grandest man 1 ever met.'' This is the emphatic opinion of Captain Thatcher who aecouipaniod Dr. Jameson on his ill-fated but brilliant expedition, and who managed to escape after the surrender. And there is a growing endorsement of this verdict. The words of condemnation with which Dr. Jameson was assailed whtn the world was first 6tartled by the news of his expedition have die:! away in all but official circles, and oven there there is reason to suspect their sincerity. People are thinking more and more of the bold daring of the dangerous enterprise, of the gallant struggle against pitiless odds, of the herni.-ni of the man who told the Boers to do .vhat they liked with him, if only they would let his men go free, until the right or wrong, the wisdom or the folly, of the 14 dash for the Rand " nre quite overshadowed, eren if they are not pardoned and forgotten. Anglo- Saxons are not like!}* to condemn anyone for the exhibition of those qualities in which the race glories, nor to be angry with those who exercise them with a view to the enlargement of the empire and tiie consolidation of its might. And so England having officially rebuked Jameson is now regarding him as a hero and his achievement as adding to the national prestige. Cecil Rhodes the recipient of a popular demonstration. and Jameson's immo cheered whenever mentioned in public, are sufficient in dications of a tendency that is likely to steadily increase as the Kilter's trial approaches. During tho progress of that event it will overshadow in the interest oxcited all oiher items supplied by an ubiquitous press to an omnivorous world. 