MISTAKEN PRIDE. [By the Author of ''Lady Bridgeworth's Sin.''] CHAPTER XXIX— (Continued) . Penelope turned very pale, and her hands, holding Lady Susan's, grew suddenly cold. She could not speak. Lady Susan was too deeply impressed and agitated herself to notice the girl's ashen face and anguished expression. ''The servants were all horrified. Shorten was upstairs in my room at the time, and heard every word. She came to me as white as a ghost. I had to speak quite sharply to her, for she would persist in saying Mrs. Denis was a mad woman and would do us all some mischief . As you say, servants always exaggerate ; but, upon my word, Pen, I can liken Marcia's conduct to nothing less than the conduct of a madwoman! As soon as Shorten came to me I went back to the house ; I felt I must go to her ; but evidently the fury was over, for I heard no sound, and as I went in I met Denis on the stairs.'' Lady Susan stopped abruptly for an instant. Her voice was unsteady when she went on speaking. ''I have seen many painful sights, my child, but none that have given me greater pain pain than the sight of Denis's face as he stood before me. His voice was quite husky, and he looked like a man who had gazed on some horrible thing, something that had touched the core of his heart and brought immeasurable suffering. I put my hand out to him in silence, and he held it in silence for a moment, then he tried to say something to make an apology. Of course, I would not hear it, Pen. I had only to look into his eyes to rend the misery he was feeling. He told me he should go out and have a long walk. '' I may not be in until dinner-time; will you forgive me ? he said, as he was turning away. I called him back, Pen, and kissed him and gave him a blessing. I would have said something comforting if I had known what to say, but what comfort could I offer ? I watched him go through the doorway, and my heart bled for him. I know the Latimar pride, and I could not help feeling grateful that his mother was not alive to know shame as well as sorrow.'' Lady Susan passed a hand hurriedly over her eyes ; tears were rolling down her cheeks. Penelope had risen and was stand- ing a little behind her. She had not uttered a single word. There was such an indescrib- able agony in her throat she could not have spoken even to save her life. The old lady could not see her or notice her strange demeanour, fortunately, for had she done so she must have gathered a little of the truth, and her trouble would have been in- creased a hundredfold immediately. Despite her sharply- spoken reprimand to her servant Shorten, Lady Susan did not feel comfortable about Marcia. It seemed to her that there must be some terrible cause for such an out- burst of wild, frenzied anger as had come to her ears. No sane woman could have con- ducted herself in such a way, was her firm opinion. Her horror, and, it must be owned, her newly-born fear of Denis's strange wife, would, therefore, have increased beyond all description could she have been led to associate Penelope in the slightest way with Marcia's jealousy. A glance at the girl's face must have aroused some suspicion of the truth that Denis was closer, dearer to Penelope than life itself ; and although Lady Susan would have had no ground for imagining that the quarrel of this day had any connection with her child (as Penelope herself did not for one instant imagine it), she would most naturally have dreaded future possibilities. ''Who knows what such a fury might not do ? the old lady had thought to herself as she had been driven over to Thicket Croft. ''In one of those fits of blind passion she must be absolutely uncontrollable, Oh, dear ! to think such a terrible scene should have been played under my roof! To remember that boy's agonised face ! To realise his future life with such a woman !'' She said all this out loud to Penelope. She was so unhinged and excited, she talked on very quickly, thus giving Penelope time to collect her senses and gather her forces ; and there was another blow in store for the girl. Every word Lady Susan said beat almost sharply on her tortured brain. The rest of her story was but the realisation of a great fear and trouble Penelope had grown to anticipate. ''When I had watched Denis go away I turned and went into my room. I felt I could not bear her. Fortunately we had had luncheon, so I had no absolute necessity for meeting her just for the moment. Shorten came to me by and by, and said Mrs. Latimar's maid wished to know if I was going out driving, as her mistress would like to join me. I sent back word that I should not drive, but that the carriage was at her disposal; then I went to my bedroom to lie down, and so I escaped her. About half an hour before your man arrived with the news of her accident, these two notes came by hand. Denis must have written them from the railway station, for it was one of the porters who brought them. Read for yourself, my dear.'' Lady Susan gave Penelope an open envelope. ''I cannot blame him, poor boy. There is a limit to every one's endurance. I felt when I looked on his face that Denis could endure no more for the moment — and I was right, you see. I cannot blame him— no ; and I can only hope it will have a beneficial effect, though I doubt it.'' Penelope opened Denis's note, It was written in pencil very hurriedly. She knew its contents before reading. He had gone ; he could bear no more. Oh, how she had dreaded this ! DEAR AUNT SUSAN.---This is a line to tell you not to be alarmed or surprised if I do not turn up for dinner tonight. To tell you the honest truth, I shall in all probability stay in London for the next twenty-four hours--perhaps longer. I don't feel in a mood for the ball, and I have already telegraphed an excuse to the committee for my non-appearance. Give a business apology to your guests this evening for my absence from your dinner-table ; and try and forgive me for seeming, I fear, both rude and neglectful.--- Your affectionate boy, D.L. N,B.—I have written to my wife, ''And here is the note,'' Lady Susan said, holding out a second envelope. ''I think Pen, dear, if yon don't mind, I shall decide not to see Mrs. Latimar just for the moment. I am not quite equal to it. I feel I should work myself into an agitation beyond words, and I must get back quickly, You know I have a little dinner to-night. I shall be very wicked for once, and give Marcia's accident as the cause for their joint absence. Do you not think that will be best ?'' Penelope had one final struggle with her self. She was trembling from head to foot when she spoke. ''Wise and best,'' she said, in a low, hurried voice. She turned to a bell. ''I will have have this note sent to Marcia at once,'' she added, '' and — and I quite understand, dear Lady Sue, you would rather not go to her, I don't think it will bo necessary to let her know you have come. She is not to know you brought this letter.'' Penelope stood for a moment when her face was turned from her friend, and pressed her hand over her eyes and over her lips. At this juncture she felt she would have given all she possessed in the world had Marcia Latimar been anywhere but under her roof. For the first time in her life Penelope allowed anger to dominate her. The thought of Denis was the cause of this, and the memory of his wrongs made Marcia suddenly loath- some in her eyes. ''I do not want to see her. I do not want to have anything to do with her !'' she said to herself, passionately, in this instant, and then she shivered as with sudden cold — a strange chill feeling had crept over her heart. Penelope had never known such a feeling before. Was it anger ? was it presentiment, or fear ? She could not have told. She did not understand. She did not even question. She only realised it, and the realisation was horrible. CHAPTER XXX. Marcia took tho note from the maid with a curt word of thanks. ''Who brought this ?'' sho asked, as she glanced at the writing, turning deathly, pale as she recognised it was from Denis. The maid answered she did not know ; but she answered clumsily, and Marcia immedi- ately fathomed there was something behind her manner. As a matter of fact, Penelope had given the note to the maid when she an swered her bell, and had told her to take the letter to Mrs. Latimar, adding : ''Do not mention that Lady Susan is here.'' Alone, Marcia paused before opening her letter. Her face had grown a curious whitish grey, and two bright patches of colour showed un for a moment on this dull surface. Her eyes were fixed and hard, her heart beating wildly. The anger of a few hours before was smoul- dering in her heart. She had rarely been so angry before. She had felt absolutely mad in that moment: she did not remember all she had said ; but Denis's words, Denis's face, Denis's ' strong touch on her wrist at one particular moment — these stood out before her in clear, strong colours. Marcia would never forget them. She had been unable to control herself or to play her self- appointed part any longer. Her jealousy could bear no more constraint. She had flung everything to the wind, and let forth the stream of her venomous hatred for Penelope at last. She could see now, as she sat staring before her, the agonised look that had come over the man's face as she spoke Penelope's name, the tender eagerness with which he would have shielded that name from attack. She conjured up, bit by bit, the scene that had passed between them. She felt once again the frenzy of impotent rage, in that she could force no word, no retort from his white lips ; and then she had again the sense of savage joy when she realised she had roused him at last, and he was about to answer her. How those cold, few words of answer burned into Marcia's brain ! Would she ever forget them ? The unutterable scorn, the contempt, the weariness, the horror of her ; and the love unspeakable, the reverence, the adoration that filled his whole being for that other. In that moment Marcia's mean spirit recognised its master. She cowed before Denis's quiet, dignified wrath. She winced at his cold contempt ; but tho shame within her was burned up instantly and utterly when he spoke his love for Penelope. ''If I live a hundred years,'' Denis had said : '' if I have to endure a century of such a hell as you have made of my life this one year we have been together, you can never rob me of my greatest joy — the remembrance of my love, a love so pure, so great, so beautiful that not even daily contact with you can bring a shadow upon it. You have tortured me often enough, Maroia, with senseless jealousy ; you have held me unworthy and untrue to my honour; you have credited me with doing you terrible wrongs. I have borne all that in silence, but now I speak out, for the future I will stand this sort of life no more. I am prepared to do my duty by you in the fullest sense of the word. I will con- sent to forget the past, to forgive it also ; but one thing I will never forgive : If you hence venture to say one single word against Penelope, if you offer her any gratuitous in- sult, or endeavour in any way to harm or trouble her, I have done with you. No duty on earth will keep me to you, and I will have no hesitation in declaring to the world the reason that I have in separating myself from you. This is my absolute determination : it rests in your hands, and yours alone, whether I must carry it into action.'' Marcia's reply had been a burst of wild laughter and a torrent of vituperation against Penelope. She had not stopped to choose her words. She had said the most terrible— the most horrible things one woman could say of another. When she had ceased to draw breath, Denis had put his hand on her arm for an instant. ''And you are my wife— my wife !'' he had said, in slow, deliberate tones. Then slowly and distinctly he added : ''God be thanked that my child is dead !'' He had looked into her face for an instant, and then he had loosened his hold, and had turned and left her. She was used to this method of his. Some- times he had endured the whole of her fit of fury in complete silence. Marcia had not given his manner much thought. She was in no mood to discriminate or qualify. Had Denis gauged for a single instant the absolute condition of her mind, he would not have acted as he did. He only foresaw the usual ending to a rather worse scene than usual. Marcia would fall into a sullen state ; she would in all probability be too ill to go to the ball, and possibly she would have to go to bed instead. There was always a terrible reaction after such intense excitement. He determined suddenly to leave her for a time. He had, indeed, come to the end of his tether. He could endure no more. He felt if he remained with her as he was now, he might be even tempted to forget that she was a woman, and do what would be a lasting stain on him for life. He would go away for a little while, and the thought came to him, as it had come to Lady Susan, that perhaps such an action might have a beneficial effect. So far he had resorted to no drastic measures with Marcia. It was against his nature to hurt any one, so he had borne with his life as well as he could ; but now — now, with the memory, of her cruel, horrible words against Penelope searing his very brain, Denis felt he must sever himself, if only for a short time, from his wife, and so impress upon her that she had at last gone too far, and that his determination to permit no more was firm and unalterable. (To be continued.) 