NOTES AND EVENTS. The Farmers' and Grazders' Column, Western Australia-A Warning to Miuers, Complimentary Welcome to MIessrs James and Presser, Martin, the Champion Cyclist, and other items are published on our fourth page. With regard to the Beech Forest railway the Engineer-in-Chief expected to fieish his plan and report based on the recent examination of the rival lines on Thursday last, but up to the tiige the offices closed it had not been sent to tbo Minjster. It pro bably was despatched to him on Friday, and it was his intention to forward it and all estimates, &c.;, to the Railway Com mittee as soon-as he recei"ed them. The committee will settle the starting point probably in a few days, after receiving the estimates from the Engineer-in- Chief. This week, however, they have a large' number of witnesses to ecamine re the northern suburbs lines, and they may not be able to deal with it before next week. Jhe estimates for both linee?being very higb, it is hard to tell how the committee may deal with the line. An -inportant alearing sale of household furniture and effects ot?, will be held at the Barwon Hotel, Winchelsea, to-morrow, by Mr M. E, MlEvitt, under instructioR from Mrs Chirgwin, whose lease of the hostelry has expired. In addition to the furniture two billiard tables in good repair, and a billiard room will be offered; also buggies, two pair ponies, thoroughbred mare, cab, hore a.nd1 harness, a large number of lheep, evyeral goqd .airy cows and pigs. The sal ich is the 'l gst etoensiyo that has bees held ao W.inclhel.ea for sany years, will aommeppe at 11 o'clock, and luncheon is to be provided, . Dr Brown performed an operation on Mr Robt. Woods on Sunday for an affection of tha left leg, which has been troublesome for some tise, Bis numerous friends will be pleased to learn that the operation was ancceseful, .nd that he was much better esterday. The members of the local etachbwent of cadet corps were inspected on Friday last at .Geelong by Captain Sooercetr the inspecting officer. The inspection vas m?st tjhorough, every detail being ex amined, and it is verypleasing to find that our boys are keeping up their reputation ss a smart corps, not oply in hooting but ilso in drill and clea1giness of arms and ccoutrouemnts. The report was gratify, ig to Lieut. J. Johnston, the officer in charge. Messrs Williams and Peacock and several Athr memnbers of Parliament will probably irrive in Colac by the express on the 'eaisp of Thursday 29th, aiid will inspect he fBeeoao to Pallparat reots on Friday and xaturday, 30th and 31st. TPhe ri say go iver the Warrion country and pther places 'a teete that would feed the lipe. The m?saager: p tha Pentagon mining .ompany reports as follows fpr t*6 past~ vil?sl?' West came 4o;en in fves@ drivs; ate.r and sand very troublesome. T'hid rive stopp4 to allow -it t6 drain, uad pep out..Driven two runs of laths on ast side of shoot. Two bores put up in ace. Wash 16 inches over back laths,' The Beeau W.C.T.U. held the dirst of a series of pleasant Thursday afternoon meet ings on the 15th inst., when about 50 ladies and a number of gentlemen met to hear the ladies give\their views on some very interesting topics. The president (Mrs Hall) opened the meeting, and Miss Brown (president of the Colac Branch) then.took charge, and in a short speech expressed her pleasure at being present, and also at seeing such anumber who were interested in the new movement. The following papers were given :-" The De cline of Alcohol as a Medicine;" "Busi ness Meetings," by Mrs Gray; "Coffee Rooms," by Mrs Baker; "Good Litera ture," by Mrs Bo.wen; "God's Promise to Water Drinkers," by Mrs Underwood; "The Temptation of the Rising Genera tion," Miss Brown. Recitations were ren dered by Miss Gilmour (Colac) on "Pro hibition," and bliss Ruth Barr feelingly recited "The Ship on Fire;" Miss Walters sang very sweetly "There's no Night there." The papers wery very creditable to the ladies, and the gentlemen were not backward in expressing their approval of the several items, and an animated discus sion took place. The afternoon tea was dispensed by the ladies, a very pleasant afternoon being spent. In the evening a meeting of the Juvenile Band of Hope fit tingly concluded the day with a temper ance entertainment, the hall being well filled. The Rev Mr Farley presided. After opening the meeting in the usual way with prayers, the rev gentleman expressed his gratification at assisting in the cause of temperance, after which a programme of i songs and recitations was gone through I by the children in a very excellent manner. The chairman then closed the meeting in the usual fashion. A very successful concert took place at Alvie school on Friday evening last in aid of the Anglican Church funds. The school was crowded in every part, and the audience went away thoroughly satisfied with the evening's entertainment. The performers were-Messrs J. and R. Bowley, A. Kirk, C. Gallop and J. Gleeson, Colac; Missrs A. E. Harvey, M. L. Edwards and D R. Bevan, Beeacn and Miss Fitzpatrick, SWaorrion. The performers were accom s panied by Mr Ainscough in his usual efi cient manner. At the conclusion of the entertainment Mr Stepnell moved a vote of thanks to the performers; Mr WI. Parker n to Mrs J. Robertson for the use of the piano, and to Mrs G. P. Robertson for the Lt use of the seats and staging, both of which Lt were carried by acclamation. The proceed. ings were brought to a close by singing the National Anthem. The whole of the valuable town pro- perties in the assigned estate of Mr Thos. Minto will be offered at auction on Friday next by Messrs Johnstone and Co at their rooms at one o'clock. Two well-known and commodious houses, with outbuildings, tanks, etc, are erected on lot 1 in Calvert street, and in addition to two allotments in Hesse street there is the well-known drapery establishment in Murray street. The State Bank Bill for Victoria has been circulated. It provides for the union a of the Post- Office Savings Bank and the ,e Commissioners' Savings Bank in one, at which will issue notes and carry out credit e foncier objects. It will hold the Govern e ment moneys. The gold reserve as far as practicable is to be one- fourth of the notes ly in circulation, and the notes are to be a first charge on it. The second reading of at the bill will be moved in the Assembly by Mr Turner, wlhose remarks will occupy about two hours. The measure makes a striking departure in national finance and d the explanation Mr Turner is to give of the means by which the State is to assume the no functions of banker and mortgagee will be on f commanding interest. sy Extraordinary evidence was given in the n Hawthorn court, on Tuesday, by Emily be Adams, who with much warmth admitted to that she believed in the existence of he ghosts, stated that she could, if desired, to give some "great accounts" of that class st of phenomena to the court. (Laughter). or The witness added sympathetically-" One it- of the ghosts, poor thing, had a broken leg sn- -loud laughter-and- " Mr Westley he "Are you really serious Miss Adams, in ell swearing thqt you have encountered these rs, ' spook ?"--Tany, indeed. There are human st, ghosts in Hawthorn. (Renowed laughitiAr): of Mr Westley-" By tihe way, is it a fact to y0yo had Detective Dungey sleeping in your lis houoe for the pupose of laying hold'of a or Ighost ?"-I must refuse to answer that. sot It does not concern you. Mrs Adaemo nd (mother of the witness)-"If you are not )n, satisfied you can see the written testimony dll of the 'ghosts." (Laughter). as An incident, perhaps unique in Victorian ors history, has taken place at Avoca. Mr and no Mrs Toms, rho have been residing at old Amphitheatre for a number of years, and sce were widely known and highly respected, in have recently died. They were married in ug 1832, and in August 18092 celebrated their i diamond wedding, surrounded by 70 of ftheir 91 descendants. They added four rep years on to that, making their married life as 61 years. Last week Mrs Toms died at the er age of 88, and on Sunday the husband fql or lowed her at the age of 87. They came to al Victoria in 1849, 47 years ago. Mr W. Rabach, the manager of the Warrnambool butter factory, has imported what is known as a " fuelometer " - this being the first of the kind brought into Victoria, though similar appliances are in use at all important factories in Den- mark, Sweden and Germany. The fuelo- meter is affixed to the boiler, and it is the means of reducing the cost of fuel. Mr Rabach says it is working well at the Warrnambol factory, and is beyond doubt a great success. It is easily fixed and regulated, and in his opinion it will prove of great service to those who use steam. He is willing to answer letters addressed to him by any- one wishing further information regarding the fuelometer. sy We have received from the Victorinl it Departm-nt of Agriculture numbers 27 o- and 28 of" Guides to Growers." These refer y. to "Fegulations under 'geetation Diseases ud Act.1S96,' and :' Insect Pests and Punegi," o- with remedies for ltheir suppression. Ticey he are useful productions and being profuselyi it llustrated cannot fail to be of interest to he those for whom they are intended. S Mayor Bell, of Ballarant, who accom e panied the deputation which waited on the Mtinister of Railways on the 7th linst to k urge the construction of a line of rail. way between Ballarat and Besac. re e ported to the City council yester'day that -"After listening to the views of thie deputation, the Minister gave the usual Scautious stereotyped reply that the subject at would receive consideration; and he grave ,a yverbal promise that he would personslly viem tfeo proposed track. While on this y subject there'is a consideration ao to thi o starting point for such a line well Worthy of this council's notice, . viz.:--Starting from the present cattle-yards junction would carry the extension alongr the f mining line through and beyond Scbasto Spool, thereby accomodating the mires withll at supplies, finding business for the line, ani d sa~,ng heavy traffic over outs streets. A year or tF6w since a'plication was nmde fioi' such an extension; but the depirtinent Jr finceed from tihe cost of acqusiri., the f land, and wanted st public steet for tso e line on a nearly level surface ; this ounceil I to take the responsibility for accidents. s On such terms the subject, of course, fell r through for the time being; but the present activity by Colac offers good of ppportunity for reyiving this object and t obtaining it by means of the Broposed e extension southward.' S There was a large and influential sseesm Sblage in fhe ball-room at Government SHouse on Friday evening in response to t Lady Brasseys invitation to citizens to meet for the purpose of inaugurating a fund to paye olf a debt of £15900 on the ' Royal Victorian Institute for the Blind. As the visitors passed outof the room dona tions were deposited gith the oaicers of the Sasylum, and resulted in the receipt of .y £1000 in cash anl cheques and promises of sa further sum of £300. The principal con Stributors were-Mrs Summer, £300; His SExcellency the Governor and Ladv SBrassey, £100; Sir F. and Laly Sargood, 0 £101; Sympathy,""52 10s; Mr J. A. Walt-ce, S.L.C., £50 t;lr Ilda COmpbtil, S£50; Mr Mari Buekley, £150; Lid Clarke .£25; Mrs W. R, Wilson; £21; Mr S, WVilons ?21; Propretors of the Argus,?225; SCr Thes. tsxtone £0;0 "A Friend," £20; d 4r John Sharp, £24. SThe registrar lmas granted probate to the awll oif Johh Cawood, late of 4pollq Bay; £,1315. . . . 