ECHOES FROM LONDON. [BY OXONIAN.] London, November 6. The Archbishop-designate can be brusque to a fault. Of him the London clergy say, "There are no polished corners in our 'Temple.'" Nevertheless he received an enthusiastic ovation from his brother Bishops and members of Convocation on their meet- ing at the Church House. The Archbishop of York, by the request of Dr. Temple, occupied St. Augustine's Chair, and the public were admitted to the gallery of the hall mainly, as was supposed, through the new Primate's in- fluence. Peterborough, not having gone to Canterbury, has taken the See of London, and clergy and laity alike hope great things from him. Dr Creighton is said to have a keen sense of humour. During a confirmation tour he was put up one evening in an old manor-house, and slept in a room supposed to be haunted. Next morning at breakfast the Bishop was asked if he had seen the ghost. "Yes," he replied with great solemnity, "but I have laid the spirit; it will never trouble you again." On being further interrogated as to what he had done, the Bishop said, "The ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards the restoration of Peter borough Cathedral," The Rev. Edward Carr Glyn will now have the responsibility of that venerable pile. The new Bishop is a Chaplain in Ordinary to the Queen, Vicar of St. Mary Abbots, Kensington, and Rural Dean of Kensington. He is uncle to Lord Wolverton, and married Lady Mary Campbell, daughter of the Duke of Argyll. A morning paper pays Dr. Creighton a rather dubious compliment. "The promotion," it says of Dr. Creighton, " will be received with general satisfaction throughout the Diocese of Pererborough." This remark is equalled, and probably excelled, by a northern daily. A local canon, of great repute, was moved from ono district to another. " Since Canon X. has been among us," said the scribe, "the popula- tion of the town has increased in a remarkable manner." Mr. Goschen's proposal to add 5,000 men annually to the personnel of the Fleet is generally condemned. The number is in sufficient, and on that point there is no stronger authority than that of Lord Charles Beresford. The proposed 5,000 will in no way keep up with the number required for the ships we are building, and year after year the cry "More men, not more ships," becomes more audible. At present we are 22,000 short of the force we should want in the event of a serious war. The reserve of 25,000 is a very good body of men so far as it goes, but its ablest advocates know that the men have been trained with obsolete weapons and would have to be drilled for weeks with the new types of gun they would be expected to handle. At present the one duty of the Admiralty is to give this question their main consideration, and no hands ought to be placidly folded in afternoon slumber at White- hall until a plan has been approved by which at least 70,000 reserves can be got together on a short-service system. The duty of drafting such an arrangement lies heavily on Mr. Goschen, and the country generally will show its impatience in February next if something practical is not forthcoming. The recent royal marriage has recalled the story of the Duke of Orleans and Sir Evelyn Wood. The Duke left the service in conse- quence of a practical joke which might have caused the loss of valued lives. In the course of his duties he was present at Aldershot on a field-day. During the operations Sir Evelyn Wood and a field-officer of his staff ascended in a captive balloon for the purpose of getting a birdseye view of the mimic warfare. Out of sheer mischief, and probably with the object of showing his messmates what a real Prince could do, he drew his sword and cut the rope holding the balloon. The latter, on being released, darted up, and was soon lost to sight in the teeth of a gale. After the lapse of some hours the occupants managed with great diffi- culty to reach mother earth, and then the Duc D'Orleans met his Sedan. Mr. Harper has been telling an eager public little facts about the literary methods of Mr. Du Maurier. "I am not a new writer," said Du Maurier on going to him, "I have written all my life. Those little series that ran in Punch took more study of the art of writing than a book would." That was a reference to the bits of dialogue which appeared under the pictures. "Those bits of converse sation," he said, "often took me longer to write than it took me to draw the picture which they illustrated." "Peter Ibbetson" was only produced with a tremendous amount of care. The artist novelist translated it into French, read parts of it to his most trusted literary friends, erased and rewrote for years before the book was launched, impelled to this laborious polishing perhaps as much by the high standard he naturally took from the group of literary workmen with whom he lived as by what he learned from the practice of his own art. Sir Herbert Maxwell will not hear the end of a speech be made to the Edinburgh savants for some time to come. Of Miss Corelli's talents Sir Herbert Maxwell has a high appre- ciation. He recognises her enviable gift of composition and her ingenuity in invention. Nevertheless he holds "that the 'Sorrows of Satan' is a book wholly and actively evil." So far as Sir Herbert can see its moral is that every man with a decent coat to his back is in secret a loathsome debauchee; that men are for ever trying to injure or outwit each other; that no politician or public man can attain distinction without a system of squaring the Press which Miss Corelli minutely describes as if from life. Finally, Sir Herbert Maxwell protested against this "delineating ignoble passion, suggesting treachery between man and man, gloating over deformity, and conveying a sense of the hopeless infirmity of human nature." Mr. Draper, whose puff-preliminary was so astutely spoilt by the Globe newspaper, has made a statutory declaration. This is no doubt a set off to his various misstatements during his stormy visit to our shores. The truth will out, even in an affidavit, and so we learn that Mr. Draper was born in Cape Colony, of English parents, but claims to be considered an Africander? He has, however, never renounced his English citizenship, or accepted Transvaal buighersiiip. In 1866 he fought for the Boers of the Orange River Free State against the Basutos, and did military service for the Boers in 1877 before the British occupation. When the Jameson raid took place Mr. Draper was getting a living an a "geological expert." He "was always paid in cash." And truly enough he appears to "have been hastening in another direction" when Dr. Jim was trying to force his way through. When, however, the raiders had been deprived of their arms Mr. Draper was willing enough to come back, and then slipped cartridges into his rifle like a hero. He then refused the burghership offered him, as that carried with it the condition of fighting, and warfare against unarmed niggers was all that Mr. Draper undertook. This miserable effort to reinstate himself in public opinion has met with derision on all sides, and the sooner he reaches Johannesburg and stays there the better. The Sessions Huse at Clerkenwell was crowded this morning when Mr. and Mrs. Castle, the San Franciscan citizens, were placed in the dock fo. the most extensive robberies that private enterprise could nuder- take. Mrs. Castle speared terribly dis- tressed by her poution. Her sobs filled the Court, and during counsels' speeches it was necessary to remove her from the dock. Mr. Avory's speech revealed a remarkable state of things, and fully bore out the account which appeared in these columns a few weeks back. Greatly to the surprise of every, one, Mrs. Castle pleaded guilty, and after a short speech from Sir Frank Lock wood the charge against the husband was withdrawn. Sir Edward Clarke ad- dressed the Court in mitigation of sentence, and said the history of her case went to show that she belonged to that unfortunate class of persons, usually women, who were in no sense responsible for their actions in matters of this kind. Medical evidence would be given, to show that she suffered from irregularities in her health such as were frequently associated with a disordered mental condition resulting in conduct of the sort in question. The bare facts ' of the case were indeed sufficient to prove that it was no ordinary case of theft. There was no pecuniary motive for the act, as her husband was possessed of the amplest means, and the thefts were committed in such a way that detection must ensue. Thus while staying at the Hotel Cecil she had appropriated such things as toastracks and other articles actually bearing the mark and name of the hotel. Dr. Savage and Dr. Grigg, eminent nerve and insanity specialists, confirmed Sir Edward Clarke's opening statement, and so also did Dr. Scott, the Medical Officer at Holloway Gaol. When Mrs. Castle was brought into Court to receive sentence she buried her face in her handkerchief, and little could be heard on account of her sobs and screams. The Chairman, however, had his duty to perform, which was neither more nor less than to administer the law as he found it, leaving any ultimate decision in the Home Secretary's hands. When the wretched woman heard the sentence of three months' imprisonment her excitement increased tenfold, and it was not until several minutes had elapsed before the Court could proceed quietly with the next case. From first to last the proceedings can have cost Mr. Castle little less than £10,000. There will be no difficulty in filling up the two posts in the Royal Household. Sir Spencer Ponsonby Fane is resigning his office as Comptroller of the Accounts in the Lord Chamberlain's Department, and Mr. Thomas March has already retired from the Secretary- ship of the Board of Green Cloth. The first has a salary of £1,000 a year, togethor with a large house in St. James's Palace and many other privileges. The second is worth £1,200 a year. 