THOMAS JALRIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale, and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was. " How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEVE OFF WORE, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with au accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual de velopment of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island." " What were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as milch as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a SAW WERE OCIUTING M' BONES in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How over, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came homoe and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bad ever since. Five weeks ago I could 'not walk across the floor; in fact I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ALL OVERn WITIIooE, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that.I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by- peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ton years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at astraw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise. mont describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the adver-. tisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial, any way, and SENT FOR A 0oX. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immoe. diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly now, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is t00 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have SAVED IIIS LIFE, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said. that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than headid a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my logs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to woerk in two months' time. I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume work as a boiler.maker, and you know I hlayo to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. 1 am. BETTER TO- DOAY than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all tlheohongp and bgnelit to those Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no p\oin lowy, whtol or, and feel like a now man. On the iantelpiece there is a box of OPIUM AND MiORPI?A pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex= eruciating pain. But they can stay where they gqrt for I no longer need them. Evoryba4y tpyo knowo me has bben anl?zod qt the ahaogd in slto. They can liarlly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued speed to wards recovery our representative withdrew. 