Jtems of Jntevest. Rapid growth of bhe finger nails is cou:' fidcred to indicate good health. Sixteen ounces of gold are sufficient Lo gild a wire-that would oncircle thooarth. . Thk year 1893 began on a Sunday, and it will finish on a Sunday, so that it will con-, tain fifty-threo Sundays. Rioe paper Is not made from rice or rice ^ir*iw, but from a pithy plant called tung tsua, found In China, Corea, and Japan. Ormonde, the unbeaten, is off again on liis travels. This time his destination is California: last time it was Buenos Ayres. It is Baid that there is room enough for. only about ono hundred moro of England's great men to bd laid at rest in Westminster Abbey. Stam's exports last year included no less t han six and a half tons of birds, sent to (long Kong to make the celebrated Chineeo Boup. ' Tub world, or the people in It, consume upwards of 3,000,000,000 pounds of paper yearly, whioh is supplied by 4,600 paper) mills. The credit for inventing the process of transmitting pictures bo a distance must be given bo Bid well, who invented a method in 1881. , It has beon decided to hold a University Exhibition at Rome in 1895, the 25bh ! anniversary of bhe onbry of the Italian troops into Rome? The highest chimneys in the world are two in Glasgow, as being 408 feet high and the other 455 feeb, while one near Cologne comes next with a height of 441 feeb. The following appears in a small provin cial paper: 44 Tho bridegroom's present to the bride was a handsomo diamond brooch, besides mnny other beautiful things in cut glass.' The Kaiser has a telephone* and uses it. When he rings up the central office himself all persons who are in the room mu&b; rebiro except bhe porson attending the tolephone and a secretary. Japan has a now toy in bhe crueier Voshima, Vcly launched on tho Tyn*\ Sho is 350 feeb long, nnd in her trial steamed more than twenty-three knots with und ngninsb bido. It is estimated thab in India, counting all Protestant missionaries, there is about ono to every 500,000 people. The entire revenue of all the Protestant missions of the i world is computed ab £2,450,000. The business^ of importing pine-apples must be a very profitable ono. The official 1 organ of Kow Gardens— the ' Kew Bul letin ' — says that tho price of pine- apples at Sierra Lcoua varies from Jd. to ljd. each. Sua.ntun, tho Chinese province, is the scone of a terrible famine. Children are sold for two dollars each by their parents. Thousands fall by tho wayside of exhaustion. The survivors hack flesh off the bodies of the dead nnd devour it like famished wolves. Those who are concorned in men's fashions will be inberestcd to know thab bhe German Emperor weurs'bwo bracelets- Ono is a watch braceleb, and the obber a gold chain bracelet. Both are worn on bho left hand. The superstitions of bhelbalians are well known. Maacagni carries about with him a whole host of amulets of ivory, coral, and other materials, including a sp. cial collec tion of unroaslel chestnuts warranted to turn off bhe ovil eye. In 1886, in consequence of bhe depression of trado, bhe number of marriages in three months was 6,700 less than in tho corres ponding. quarters of tuo provious yoars, and only a very few moro than, the number of persons who married in the hard war winter of 1855. Agricultural returns show bhat in England farmers will have an excellent second cub of grass, so bhab bhe supply of hay will nob be so scanty as was feared, whilo the potato crop is reported to be one of the beat ever known. The yield of turnips also beats the record. Probably very few persons know thab the Lord Mayor is the only person— other than the Queen and tho Constablo —who knows tho password to tho Tower of Lon don. This password is sent to the Mansion Jlouse quarterly, signed by Her Majosby. Ib is a survival of an old custom. A lady has jusb descended the Rocky Mounbaius on a bicycle ; while anobher, an English girl, who enjoys the distinction of being one of the hesb-known cyclists in this country, has accomplished the task of travelling alone on . her 44 machine ' no less tha 1 one hundred miles in seven hours. A suKruisisa suggestion is made for the eiuploymenb of bhe blind. Seyeral females ave engaged in the West-end of London as massage .operators, and it is claimed for these blind women that their delicate sonno of touch, 'and lighb and defb movements make^bhem suporior to those blessed with full sight. During the pasb week seven steamers lauded cattle and fresh meab ab Liverpool from American and Canadian porbs, bring ing a total of 1?883 cattle, 74 fheep, and 9,456 quarters of beef, which, compared with bho arrivals of the previous week, *how a decrease ot 2,847 cattle and 2,854 quarters of beef. Students complain that frieiids often drop in to visit bhem and interfere with their pracbice. The next time visitors dis turb you in your work play a few scales to thom, and they won't stay very long or bother you soon again. If they bore you with their talk, you have a right to bore bhom with your music. 'When Buffalo Bill's Indians get through their work in Chicago in the afternoon, they like nothing better than to repair to a merry go-round near their camp, and revolve to the music of a bad hand-organ. The passer by stops lo seo the show, for the bucks and squaws are in their full panoply of feathers and paint. Most people would get enough fun oy riding horseback three or four hours everyday without wanting to ride on wooden horses afterwards; but then, real horses have no hand-organ attach ments. The directors of tho World's Fair have ordcicd payment of a 10 per cont. dividend ou the bonded dobt of 4,500,000 dollars of tho subscribed capital of the company on August 17th- Bonde to the. value of 2,250,000 dollars aro held by the banks, lUiiiiiMtMaiailMMMMi ? ? : ? — — one of the West Indian Islands, and cspecl* ally at Jamaica, Trinidad, Grenada; St* Vincent, and Dominica.' Tho largest num- ber of trees is probably found in Grenada, * ' and in thut.'upico island' nutmegs, mace, and clovos aro oxported to the value of about £10,000 to £12,000. ' Advertisements are sometimes strangely worded* Not so long ago a provision dealer at King's Cross notified that he eold 41 tho best Is. butter in London. Nobody can touch ib.' Now we hear of an Italian warehouseman who is advertising, 44 No foreign goods sold,' and of a hairdresser whose windows contain tho announcement, 44 Haircutting and Bhaving.whilo you wait.' Mr, Jknsos, the owner of a largo or&ngo; plantation near Jupiter, Florida, caught tho son of 44 Little Tiger,' an Indian chief, committing some depredations on his plan tation, ana administered asovero whipping. , - The Indian boy returned to his wigwam, iV ','. and now the glades around Jensen's place' \e'; swarm with warriorp anxious togotachanco to scttio accounts with him. Tne Indians : in their villages are arming, and the whites.^ Mo have callcd upon Governor Mitchell for pro- v tection. - The Midland Railway Company havo now announced (as will be seen from our f advertising columns) their improved aud accoleratod summor brain services to tho Norbh. Theirs is by far tho mosb beautiful and intoicsting of all tho North route?, and the visitor who travel by ibwill have tunplo icason to congratulate himself on his choice. The Western Islands and the Highland of Scotland, Edinburgh, Glasgow, and tho Forth Bridge are woll catered for, and the North of Ireland, via Stranraer and Larno, can be reached by two services daily, the route going direct through tho 44 land of Burns. The Midland is to bo congrabu* la ted on the continued enterprise it dis plays. . . An Italian prince, who bad a Cicilian cook, was onco travelling to his provincial ?states, taking with him his cook, together with his entire kitchen forco, without which, so fond was he of the delicacies they were wonb to prcpuro, ho rarely, if evert travelled. Ab a point where tho narrow path along the precipice turned the angle of a projecting rock, the Prince, at the head of his long cavalcade, heard a ehriok and the splash of u body falling into the - torrent far below. With a facc white with horror ho pulled up, and looking round* exclaimed : 44 The cook ! the cook 1 Oh, do toll me it is the cook 1' 44 No, your Excellency,' cried a voice from tho rear, 44 ib is Don Prosdocemo.' Tho Prince heaved a sigh of relief, then said: *4Ah, only the chaplain 1 Thank goodness 1' I The beautiful pink and bronze pearls from Wisconsin aro becoming very scarce. Tho pearl-bearing Wisconsin streams have been practically fished out, as thoy havo been outof almost all tho walerB in America where pearls have been found in any con siderablo numbers. European fishers open the shells with an instrument that does nob destroy tho animal inside, and if no pearl is founi it is put back in the water. Tho American pearl fisher dcslioys ruthlessly, and in two or three years ho has thrown himself out of a job. There is hardly a state in the Union whoio peat Is are not or havo nob been found, and one of the finest in tho world wus taken from the Passaic river at Patcrson, N.J. This gom, valued ab £500, was worn in the crown of Empress Eugenie. Several of tho Wisconsin pearls | have been valued at £200 each. ! The interior of the Chapel Royal, Hampton Court Palace, which dates from Curdinal Wolsey's building of the Palace, was utterly ruined during the Vandulistio days of the Georgian period. It is now a plain, oblong, whitewashed building, ttith no pretentions to decoration whatever. In the gallery, nearly over the pulpit, is the pew which used to be occupied by Henry VIII. of pious memory. He had given orders for tho arrest of his wifo of tho moment, who happened to be Catherine Howard. This done, he wont into his pew in the Chapel to pray, and to invoko the, blessing of Heaven on his go--d deeds. Catherine was arrested in the long corridor which leads direct to the Koyal pew, and her shrieks as she tried to break away from her captors in order to plead in person lo her Royal blackguard of a husband are said to have been heartrending. This corridor is ono of the parts of the Palace now closed to the public— you can only see it by peering through the big key-hole ; but ib is said to be haunted by the ghost of this , same Catherine Howard, and duiing service in the Chapel wild shrioks are said to ring out from that haunted corridor. 