The Recentj'lenary Council. PASTORAL LETTER OF ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUSTALIA. We (Corlier) have been favoured with copies of the Pastoral Letter of Archbishops and Bishops of Australia assembled in Second Plenary Council. We select the following pas sages as being of general interest: FITRr-IsrPInED ErA OF THE CHURCrr. The Catholic population of Australasia is something more than 800,000. Without aid of any sort from the public funds to which they contribute, they support about 900 priests, secular and regular; they maintain nearly 400 teaching brothers, over 3000 sisters; they have twenty-two colleges for boys and young men, 114 hoarding schools for girls, 146 superior schools for externs, about 800 primary schools, sixty two charitable institutions, and nearly 100,000 children attending Catholic schools. These facts speak eloquently for the earnestness of Catholic faith. For it is this living, ener. gising principle which has called those insti tutions into existence, and maintains them in their maniloldyariety. It is this spirit of faith which imparts to Catholic councils their unique character; for when the pastors of the Catholic Church assemble to devise remedies for exist uing nicds, they are fortified by the conscious ness that they know their own minds and the minds of their people; they feel certain that their enactments will not remain a dead letter, and that the words they publish will not fall to the Bmund. oRLENeDLY DImPOSTION TOWRDS THc. CATROLIC CmnsC. Observant visitors to these colonies have been struck by the consideration which the Catholic Church everywhere enjoys, and by the rapid disappearance of those dark prejudices against Catholic doctrines and institutions which immigrants from the old lands took with them almost unawares. They were hardly to blame. In their minds the Catholic Chur?h was a hateful monster-such, indeed, as never existed, and could not long have existed, amongst men. It is afiction habnded down from evil days. It was the offspring of ignor ance and credulity, and nothing could have availed to kill it but actual knowledge. That knowledge came when men foundthemselves on these virgin lands united together in a common struggle with the forces of natdre, and in spired by a common ambition to raise up a new nation. The spirit of citizenship is in compatible with social ostracism; the honest heart of the hardy pioneer goes out readily to his fellow-worker irrespective of differences in religious belief. The sentiment of fair play, the principle of equal rights, has trinmphed over prejudice; and, although it may take long to clear away all misconceptions, yet we are convinced that the people of Australia will never wittingly approve of persecution, and that year by year they will take a more favour able view of the Church's aims. A free, ener getic, and progressive people, they will not fail to appreciate those personal and social virtues which befit free men and safeguard progress; and, as they realise the action of the Church upoi the iidividumil conicience nd upon tublii sentiment, they will, we are sure, welcome so salutary an influence. nesDsnrCE S TO CATHO5LC PsOGnurS. There is a symptom of our national life which fills us with concern;,-we mea the coinparative weakness of domestie tise'. The immigrants to thesenew inds had beautiful traditions of home-life,. its authority, its reverence, and its manifold sanctities. These g-entle lifiuences are, we fear, on the wane in AnstfiatI thildren are apt as they grow upto neglect their parents; brothers and sstetr going forth into the world soon lose sight of sne another. The result it that parents have to hear the chagrin of being foriken 'in their old age by the children whom they toiled so hard to rear,and educate; while these in turn suffer much by the less of those intimate family relations which, in creating a certain solidarity of name and charapoer, have ii 'other lands oftCe' re?;isine passiop and nerved the de. spondent ... . Pride and haughtiness, covetousness, and love of the world, disobedience to parents and want of affection, are but too characteristicot oo? times. Thesianefhl' infel ences permeate the 'mbral atmosphere in which iountni sofr'e'o those i ageristaai?t A hioh wrehle. towarem'our people in seaseon'nd dust ot:season, the langers of niixed marriagess and irreligious education. Of t?~ee dai~gers we shall r orge ip 4etil. . - / - BENoITFO ...... , The Church has ever encouraged the poor to helpihbelnl1vkestyn ntfiallo-.6)EdI~ liiO. he history pt theguilds of the Ages of Baitha sh how.mieute sndna-rsaching was the ati collectivism which she promoted. At present it seems impossibleto realise in this ne teoun try the ideal which ptesided over gull??tife in the Ages of Fath, and which is urged in the Encyclical-f the'Sovereign Pontiff- namely, the amalgamation in ocie society of the intuer ests of employers and .employed.. In time things may isse.in some seuh harmonious Sfanion; but fot the presentit appearsneceseiry that the workers should 'coebine amongst themselves for mutual'aid, and that they should be guided ' ibi tir' actions by strictly moral principles. We,.therefore, desire that our Catholic people who have to live by their toil should form themselves into such a body, and perhaps it is best that they accept and develop those Catholic benefit societies which eiit f tl tii?the?s colonies. It mest be borne in mind that theiisesbeies of Catholio benefit societies are bound to comply with t?he religions ordinancs of the Church. They will be expected to set an" emsmple of -ega. lar observance in attending the eunday's mass and approaching the sacraments. They tare not asked to do works'of esupereroga tion; they are simply called upon to eonm ply with the laws which bind all Catholclbs. 1Wlth regard to the internal administration of the society, and especially its temporalities, the Church *il not seek to iiituiferei with its work ings. But the priest ought to asuertain whethe& the branch under his spiritasl guidancei s od·i saund basis, and whether it is being competently and honestly administered. He owes thsis debt of charity to the members and to the Catholie character of the sooity. cArsoUC BCEoCIe. The Catholiochild who is compelled to atten a scoular non- Catholio school not only runs fisk, to his .aith; his morals may elao be imr pereite U .Weo o"ple faintassyhe thir s toji. were it not for the gravity of the interests in. velved. BDut the poity of mind, the bhastit1 ft ille, whglh the Church eendra to egiti. vate in the little ones of Christ, must be our justification. This is the jewel of youth, the pledge of a righteous life. The Catholic home is redolent of the chaste atmospheri of Naa reth; so is the Catholic school; the sanctions of faith, the examples of saints, and, above all, of the Queen of Saints, the united prayer, the ejaculatory invocations of Divine help at each stroke of the hour-these are so many ever recurring reminders to the young heart of things heavenly, they so leaven the entire waking life of the child that he comes to grow up under their influence, and, with the confirming grace of the sacraments, acquires that Catholic in stinct which makes him recoil from whatever is darkly suggestive. But remove him from these salutary influences; cast him with his plastic, unformed nature into the midst of companions, who at all events do not review morals from the standpoint of Catholic faith; whose homes have not a uniform standard of morals; who belong to sects and communities holding very diverse opinions on most practical life questions; and all of whom feel that in the school religion, with its sanctions, is more or less a forbidden subject; are we to expect that children of tender years, of immature judgmcnt yet de veloping passions, will continue to ob serve stoical self-restraint from the beg. garly motives supplied them in the moral instructions approved by secularists ? They who think they will must be singu larly ignorant of what passes;* they who are satisfied to expose the children to such a perilous experiment must set little store by the moral purity of the rising generation. Hence, Catholic parents are not justified by ordinary necessities in sending their children to such schools. Under extraordinary difficulties their efforts to counteract the evil influences of such surroundings, as well as the special vigilance which the master may be supposed to exercise, will doubtless be seconded by special graces from heaven. The Holy Ghost measures His aids by the needs that cry out for them; but such needs must not be of our own choos ing; when we unnecessarily expose our selves or our charge to danger, we for feit our claim to special grace. The Holy Ghost tells us that they who love the danger shall perish in it. And hence, when ever it is possible to maintain a Catholic school, there the pastor and the parents will be ane countable to our Divine Master, if through inertness they suffer His little ones to be scandalised, to be seduced from that saving doctrine which He came on. earth to teach them, and from: that holy conversation and that everlasting life which He died upon the cross to bestow on them. His words should ever ringin the ears of those who have charge of youth. To parents and pastors they area .dreadful,..warning : -?He that shall scandalise one of these little ones that believe in Me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depths of the sea." (Matthew xviii., f.) But it is needless, we rejoice to know, to dwell upon the duty of providing Catholic education for our Catholic children. Surely Australasiahas by this learned thatweCatholies Iare ole mind on this matter, and that we are as resolute as we are unansimous. It is a singularly short-sighted policy in those who profess a patriotic concern for the future of this great land to encourage, at this critical stage of its national development, a system of administration which strikes at liberty of con ascienc, and o s an outrage upon justice., When Catholics protest against a form of instruction for their children which has been devised toj. trary'to their wishes, and "hen they'declate. that they way.not, without doing violence to their conscientious convictions, anail of it, ate they not warranted in dso asserting their political rights? Who but, Catholics shall be the judges'of what are the religious convic{ tions of .Catholies? Or has it come to this, that our age of progress-yrid:. equality, aid political , freedam, is?' drifting rapidly towards a"n odious, hypocritical servitude? Shall Catholics be told that theymost not have religotis convictions; tahit they must not claim to sava'for their iTind idit hair Asis titeones who havo,bee aiven them, cbo bave been ha-. tiaco ·into Sc b~~ath.oo..ilap.ia`t.hatCahol parents shall he eveprid of one of the most saired rights inherent in them, Ctintil theyof bsifwesi t h# ptU-~ ~ s Igihe briute lpgipif comibersi? lre shall tha bIsp~aslg to resiteii fled and aolkful' for .the er permissionto open and aiaintain soahoolof their Owa,?veO while the taxes they pargo to edncai the thifl dren qf others? It is a little better Shan the asgenaptd of .?. oenturoy and a half hask4 when their forefathers weait toCatholich hoosls only ft the peril of their lives; when a price )wao set apqp~head of a tiathdlite ciiool mrone, .git4a better, but none the less is ita: We areeasm t4haattheltimer'tinot far off when the Intlgligen e and jpsticewhich dis tinguish our fellow-countrymen will enable thesnito :?I6kt 4 this great question fridnl B higher steiiipbint than they seem td regard jt at peesent a. id 'te feel.aqre thatonce.theyy. grasp its real significanbe is prejudie againet; the Catholis Church, nd satidlbs apprehensions I of atholic siceneMny,wlll prevent them doing ujostioe to fellow-oitiesdsand healing thp open isore which is at ~presentgpoisoning the nationl" =ife.' But in themegntime our egurse is clearly. definea. We mdst push on theawork which 'we took up with the iteeptioh' of the secular: system. We must eatend the influence of our Catholio school work to the utmost limit within our reach. .enceforward the people of these colonies a?an have no misgivinge,either as to the attitude of the CatholioChureh towards the Stateon the plaoe whicoh the religion of Catholios mnsetlp ifandesddtionbalprovisidn towhldhI e~o X tave' oa;iti, or on thbe indqoubted mi which prevaile between prieste asd tpoplesoa this importap(t eubjeet. Nor is it ay longer.s inere matter of conjecture what the future of the Catholio esohodls will be. That futabure is determined byThe loyaltyof 'Catholiose them Cplves to their faith, their solicltude for the ppiritual laetd of their children, and by the imique eoonomies whtoh the Uellgious associt. ractical soluton ol the question. Oursohools pre assured. Whether ourfellow-eittsenawlke op to a sense of natipnal justioe gr not in treat ing this issue, we w ini oukse .hare begun; wewillnot .qror children to drink at the nous fodlntrnfa godle system of know 