fe'rjUTH. etc [?] Ianu nvo nun* ftv slaves. Tho tho aamo pro* o immemorial, c^of tho slaves [ich is ulways a coif. Tho bhiof hall thrco I' tho lovoly hor character hero is half a lorstand what riaves eaoh of lo val'uo, and t lot us move, i short haired red the room Of necessity Ho loarnod if tho strangors orning meal, neoting of all i business, ami wore invited, apartment of? milarly luxur ibors of thai iho ladies re* | med an outer | part young. I curalo chairs | on a sort of | ia was seated : her haughty I en to vacant | sho roso to I tamo English i only a very j icnco and tho d it. -t women havo degraded, lias all hero. Wo in vain. In heaven itself 0 the higher But hitherto ent an ear to ra& not always leld in honour state. You ie who knows have read the n the mother onour to his his parents, oxtent them Their sphere nito enough, ter ; the man itli penurious beyond her a contest in 'We are ex* bavo paid for severe. We chattels are our absolute eh year a tri* considered in aro tho leasts 1 we eat and raiment. How roltcd against the anguish of groans echocd \- first blow has n our fetters ever. Never inent. The day ho day of des* *aw how the ' minutes at ip which now fou heard the . — thrcat3 of aa on the moro strict sment. How tats, mothers ly one way i to the men { can defend cad over the and Murray, -y well, eyed -Smythe had the discourse icipated. To essed woman abstract, but inlon that tlie -n themsolvos. r venomously e with their nan suffrage,' j with manly consequently the root and narians. But aw back now. it the men to r prescriptive ting of the old vero sure the how it might, to sneak the ie difficulty iu ) him a book 1 with Lucia t what they otect the in* adc strict en* ueu in Trans* ?re about ono -s, besides a ly had somo i Aurora had co of Watson the assembly friends above *lo voice was iVansmarians. i women were . They were ifter. Every tcunl. One had c labour that onderful lava was bestowed ten never will nt diuciplcs of Seiitimont is thing. [] our horos, of duchesscs ? Paris crowd iradise in the nodest young — there are & icw ion — was ny^t opprcBsivo. Auyonewho has ever got cn his feot to address a large ludionce can' tell tho strange effect tho sea of eyes before him has on his nerves ; and if L. ? v. thoao eves were all large, ebou black, ami intensely bright, lighting up features of * beauty only varying in degree, the excite* met.^ of the said nerve* would not bo lessened. 44 By Jove,' Smythe said, ' this is an em* oarrassment of ricncs. Shall we apj-c&l; to la Koyna to rcscuu us from mcsmeric col apse !' ? ' Ah ! here aro somo friends of ours, 'said Murray, and tho two ladies who had been : the first to board tho Aurora made their way through the crowd and took the gentlemen ?-y tho arm to lyad them away. 1 no Venus, vhose name was really Claudia, laughed as Murray and Smythe looked round for Wat* ion. Watson was safo enough ; Lucia was Dy his side. 44 Wo must get on board at once and seo Boyd,' said Watson, who hiul halted near ;ho narrow door. 'I wonder what became )f our dingey men.' , 44 Thoy aro safe enough, you may bet,' ihid Smythe. 'They must havo had a bursting time of it if they fared anything ike us. They wero accompanied to tho little pier jy the threo ladies, all enveloped in tho rich Tables which woro evidently regarded as tho oronor wear in tho cold of tho opon air. 'ino dingey was waiting for them, and in * foyf minutes they wero on board the Auyb'ra, with something of tho sonBation of rej/urning home after a long absenco. Boyd met them as they stopped on the deck and ihook hands witli tho threo men as if he had aover expected to seo them again. 14 Upon my honour,' said ho ''I uovorfelt ao uneasy in all my lifo, or spent a moro miserable timo of it. Your two men camo back after they saw you into that block affair and thoy gavo such a ruin account of all tho proceedings that I would havo given tho Aurora herself to bo at your Bide.' Af any-jiktt horo we are safe and souud,' said. Watson. Wo must havo a council of war at onco, and so wo shall adjourn to tho cuddy to hold it.' CHAFTEIt X. Watson gavo Boy d a rapid account of their adventures, which oxcited tho sailor's curiosity to a wondorful degree. ' Womon,' said ho, ' nothing but women. What a paradiso for Mr.homct. 41 Yes, women, nothing but women ; but everyono of them a queen. By Jove,' said Smythe, 'I should as soon ask Queen Victoria for tho Kohinoor as one of them for i kiss.' 'VerhapB you would find them only women after all, ' said Murray. 11 You can't sasily push naturo out with a fork. Ask Watson.' Watson actually blushed. 44 You fellows forget,' ho said, 41 that we havo other things to think about than the charms of womendom. Listen, Boyd. We may expect in threo days at the most a visit from Bomo twenty vessels like that we peppered so vigorously, 1 tell you tho men have uovor had occasion to cultivate war, ind thereforo the uciencu was neglected, but they havo mado Buch progress in the natural jcienccs that I am afraid they have reserve powers which will givo us trouble. Just faucy the resources of men who could put together such an edifice as that, who have mado tho air light-carrying, who have utilised the hidden fires of tho earth to- pro* moto vegetable and animal growth, who havo made electricity and magnetism agents in the home life for every day purposes. It is marvellous — so marvellous that our boasted scientific knowledge is ouly the alphabet to it. If they had had to devote their knowledge to war our little Aurora would not have had a ghost of a show in the encounter.' 14 Looking at it from that point of view there is something to be considered,' said Boyd. 44 If there was nothing to be con sidered but tho warliko capability of the trircmo I should not trouble my head, but as you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that we mount ono of tho heavy guns on that point. Wo can easily haul it up. It will give us some pro tection if we,iind ourselves forced to fall back and defend the entrance. Tho en trance is narrow, thank heaven I and oui torpedoes will bo useful. What a happ} thought it waa to bring them.' 44 We may thank you for tho thought,' 6aid Murray, 44 Yea. But I had quite another idea in my head. I thought wo might try tho effects of ono of them on an iceberg. By George 1 it would havo brought some of those big fellows down with a rare burley. Hurley-burley.' 14 Don't maltreat Shakespearo, you Philis tine,' said Murray. 44 Bother Shakespeare just now. Another thing we must do is to keep our dynamos always at work, or at least aa often as possible. For this reason I shall up sail to morrow morning for a cruise. I noticed tho sun dipped right beneath the horizon yester Jay, so we shall bo able soon to make out a iocent day and night. I wonder if this sea Dr any part of it is open during the long »vipt*r. It would never do for us to be :aught napning, and a good look out must ae kept. I should say somo of the women .vould not object to that duty. At any rato .vo must be pretty constantly on the move, ff we have plenty of room to manoeuvre I wouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your jriremes.' 44 Your Gatlings and Maxims are in work ng order, I suppose ?' 14 That the vicious beggars are. The men :erward think there is something in the tfind, and they have been overhauling all sho arms and ammunition. Gad ! they arc iko the war horse and sniff the battle from ifar.' 44 Do you think thoy will stand by us ?'' 44 Liko true blue Britons. They are all igog about tho shore. Your dingey men naae a highly-spiced report, and tho whole :rew ia in a state of long drawn expectation.' 44 Should we speak to them and let them enow how things stand ? They have a right to know, for we have got them into this :ornor, and, by Jove, thoy are in the same box as ourselves.' 4 4 It might be as woll. At any rate a few words can do no harm. I'll call old Tom, tho boatswain, and sound him.' \- Tom came in shortly after and made his usual salute to the gentlemen at the .tabic. This was not an elaborate affair, as it con sisted of plucking an imaginary forelock with tho dexter finger and thumb. Tom was a character in his way. He was a typical Bailor, one of that class wo rarely see nowa dayo. Steam has ruined the old profession. There is no romance in a tea kettle or in an iron Dot on the boil. 44 Well, skipper,' growled Tom, for hi; voice waa as the subdued roar of a coming storm, 44 what do you want with me?' 44 Perhaps, skipper,' said Smythe, point ing to tho table, '? Tom would like to splice the main brace before barneying.' 44 Right you are, Mr Smith,' said Tom, as he poured out a ioram from a decanter, 44 a nip in weather like this never comes amiss.' ,4And in what weather doea it, Tom?' Smythe asked with a gleam of fun in hi» eye. 44 Don't know, sir. Never found it bilge in my life.' 44 Listen, Tom,' said Boyd. 44 Youi weather eye is open, aud you know as well as we do that we aro in a corner.' 44 As nasty a hole as any oue would want. Right you are, skipper.' 44 We want to know from you if tho men will stick to us if it comes to downright fighting— not a scrimmage, but tooth and nail, ding-dong battle.' Tom turned thu quid from one cheek tc tho other with the greatest deliberation ir the world and said — ' Would cuts sup milk ?' He winked gravely at the skipper and made to the door amid general laughter, the uAptain calling out to him to send the men tit iu a -ftw minutes somo thirty young fellows iu the perfeotion of age and strength were mistered on the main deck with the two mates, Messrs Abel and Welch, at their head. There waa a jaunty look about most of them that showed thoy were perfectly well awaro what was the character of the community to which they were such near neighbours. Tho men were dressed in a unitorm veiy similar to that of the ttoyal Navy in pattern, but of course the material was much wanner and more substantial. Tho uniform, however, displayed all the strength and agility of as fine a ship's cre\t &£ ever sailed the sea. Boyd bpoke to the mon in a quiet, conver sational manner. 44 Boys,' he said, 44 we haven't seen the end of the ucrmimnee with that craft yet. It seems there are plenty more of tho Bame sort w here it camo from, and wo are in for a rough and tumble tight.' ? Hunah,' shouted an enthusiaat. .. 4* Hurrah be it,' said Boyd; 44 but wo may ^et somo nasty jabs ourselves. Will you 4 ' urrah ' for them ?' 44 Well, they mayn't bo quite ao pleasant, iut we hope we can take aa well aa give. If -*ou want to know it, skipper, we'll tell you. it onco we'll fight. \V e havo heen woll created on board this craft, and sailor men tuow what that meanB.' '?There is another thing I want to say,' iaid Boyd. 44 You know what sort of company wo havo up yonder. What 1 want you to do is to treat those ladies with respect. You wero selected aa mon of charac ter and respectability, and I want you to retain your reputation to tho end. ' ,4 You aro right there, skipper, ' said tho ipokcsman, a fino strapping young follow of tho gumsucker ' persuasion, and more than six feet high, 14 You aro right there, skipper. We'll be on our good behaviour, but of courso if thero aro good things going tho foe 8lo should havo a share aa woll as tho cuddy. Thero waa a general laugh at this, in which tho 44 cuddy ' Joined. Watson, however, interposed and said — 44 All wo want, men, is this : that you act with those women aa if thoy woro respectable women in Mclbourno or SydiToy, protected by British laws. In fact thoy are and will bo protected by British law, but I should liko to seo them oven moro effectively protected by British chivalry.' 11 -That a the sort, Mr Watson,' cried some of tho men. 44 Leave it to us and you will make no mistake.' The skipper then asked a minute of thoii attention. 4- We aro so completely isolated that the relations of officers and men aro mucl* modified, and so I shall tako you into my C?n ,i Snco as to 1 mean t0 d°« Frnri of all Mr Abel will take a boat's crew and I sound carefully up to tho pier. If thero ii water enough for ua to lie alongside our wort will bo much easier, for I want vet a gur to that point. The first pnrt i fightinc must bo in the open sea, wlu vc *,o'H havf room to turn, but wo do not kno'v what inaj occur, and wo must bo ready for every accident. Above all the entrance must b- defended to tho last. Now, boys, you have everything in a nutshell, and just rcmembei that you are fighting, not only for your own , lives, but for the finest and loveliest woniei' in the whole world. Mr Abel, will you take the boat and try the depth of tho watci ihead ?' 44 Aye, aye, sir.' And as Mr Abel was, like all the rest on poard, in a state of suppressed excitomcnt the boat soon shot out from Aurora *a quartet jn her mission. The water waa found to bo of enormous depth Jill over tho little harbour. In fact it waa evident that the bay waa the deep crater of an extinct volcano. The men on board were in the mcantimo as busy as bees repairing and shifting and polishing. Tho i gentlemen aft themselvoa examined tho I irmoury which they had laid iu for their own I private uso, and that important duty waa ilinost finished when tho 44 randy ' the men ling when heaving the anchor was heard — ?4 Whiskey for my Johnny.' Tho Aurora was warped to tho pier without much trouble. There was a crowd jf women at the pier-head, but they regarded ihe proceedings with calm interest. The gun, ?n old-fashioned twelve-pounder, was awung ip to the pier, and after an hour's hard work it waa got into position on the promontory. Everything was done with a will, anduo one could object to the natural vanity of the men. who did their very best before the fair and interesting spectator. Tho whole proceeding*} wpic watched with the greatest curiosity by the women. They knew absolutely nothing of thtf reason for all the oxertion, but- they did not interfere or in any way interrupt the work. They simply looked on. J . ?y;and-by Lucia, Claudia, and Leabio joined the group of 8pectatora, and the attraction proved too great for our friends, who at once approached. They had not ever considered the reason for tho rospcct paid tc these ladies by their companions, but it wa* evident and sincere. Watson asked tho ladies to go with him tc the one-gun battery, saying ho would explain to them what had been done. Ana sc .with many significant grins from tho tars and o. few smiles from tho ladies whe remained, the half-dozen young people paired ou in the most natural way imaginable and strolled along by the 8horcs of the uuknowu soa and over the lAva boulders of forgotten time. Murray, or rather Horace, was right. You can t drive nature out with a fork. The whole thing looked as natural there as il would at a garden party in St. John's Wood or at an 'At Homo' in South Yarra oi loorak. Perhaps we shall hear hereaftei what they talked about. Just now it woulc be unfair to interrupt. CHAPTER XI. ^un.da wish to see for them selves . Reyna Lucia aaked, aud she led th- way through pleasant groves of myrtle anc cedar which, interlacing their twinim branches, did not shade tho fertile ground but formed a luminous tracery against tin lofty background of the roof. 'Jhe ail pregnant with its own light auffuscd apaci in all directiona, and there wero no shadct cast even by the round bolea of the stateh trees. And yet tho trees had not the sami luxuriance of growth as in their natural aoi' and climate j art could do much, yet nol everything. They had pei'lmpa acquired other qualities aud characterises iu then new habitat, but they had lost that appear ance ot superabundant strength and enorgy which are attributes of nature unrestrained, and indeed to somo extent reminded oui mends of the miniature growth in which the Chinese take such pleasure, dwarfing the giants of the forest into pigmies. io tiio Englishmen everything was atrangi with an unusual strangeness. They coma have understood the vagaries of Thibetan Lamasary. or the ration d'etre of a ruin in the pathless forest of Central Africa, but hero they had no prior experience on which to base a theory and they could only look ou and wonder, both of which thoy did to their heart s content. 4 Here,' said Lucia, halting before a huge archway, 4t here ia the entrance to tho caverns from which our ancestors dug out the material with which thoy built Femintcr, aud there are many strange stories told of these gloomy catacombs. Our ancestors had a wonderful veneration for old Rome.' 44 And do not their fair descendants share .n tho veneration ?' Watson asked. 44 Even we whose ancestors were painted savages when Rome was the proud mistress of the world, even we have a sort of reflected glory in her glory, and how much more you — ' ,,^1 c.oursc do,' Lucia answered. Glory in a race or even in a family is always an incentive to great things, but — ' 44 1 voto,' Smythe interrupted, 44 that we exploro these old caverns.' 'It in for that reasou,' Lucia answered, that I have brought you here. Indeed,1' she added, smiling at Watson with her glorious eyes, 'it was Canide who suggested it to mo to bring you hither ; for what reason I Jo not know, but Canide nevoracts without i reason.' 44 Oh then,' said Watson, 44 wo must co at 5nce.' ° ' sa'1^ » 4 c these catacombs ire different from what we have up here. It i 2arkn?M ^lorc — thick darkness— so thick that it becomes almost palpable, l/anide alone knows all their intricaciea and windings, but I have been in a little way — only a little way indeed— and I think I can guide you. Tho horror of being lost in those Awful realms of blackness is dreadful to pause upon, and yet there is a tradition that nhen tho old state of affairs was broken icore# of women wero driven down and left to perish. I remember being lost for a while in the Roman catacombs,' said Murray, 44 and don t want to renew tho experience in benuntcr, I assure you.' * ne°d not fear being lost,' Lucia said. Canide knows everything. And now let each take one of these littlofamps. Press the little knob firmly when you want more light.' ,.f^l®^row/rom h.or robo threo lamps shaped like those found in Etruscan tombs which the spade of the peasant has unwittingly vulated, but the jet of flame which roso clear and brilliant from the little spout waa supplied by no oil. It rose pure and steady a few inches above tho orifice like an emanation horn some living spirit confined ! withm the narrow limits of tho lamp. These ! friends' *° ^,Ta*80nt w^o supplied his To BE CONTINUED. A correspondent suggests tha^^*yiflj Is used as a titlo for ladies 