CONSECRATION OF A PRELATE. THE BISHOP OF PORT AUGUSTA. AH IMPOSING CEREMONY. It is only at long intervals that a ceremony so impressive as the consecration of a new bishop is to be witnessed in Adelaide, and it is therefore not surprising that the Catiiolic Cathedral was crowded to its fullest capacity on Sunday morning when the Very Kev. Father James Maher was inducted into his j . office as Bishop* of Port Augusta. The cere mony was a great success, with its solemn ritual, its beautiful music, its splendid robes, and that completeness of detail which dis tinguishes the functions of the Catholic Church. Besides a host of minor ecclesiastics the consecration was attended by the Archbishop of Adelaide, and the Bishop of Sale, Ballarat and, Sandhurst. The ce.remony was of great length, as it lasted, including the sermon of the Kev. Father JJietel, from 11 in the morning until a quarter to 3 in the after noon. To those who were present it was .A't-ry clear that Bishop Maher will make a digni fied as well as able and popular administrator of the great diocese which the holy father has coniided to his care. When stationed at Pekina Father Maher won golden opinions among the Catholics of the north, and there is 110 question that his selection is heartily welcomed throughout his new see. The Venerable Bishop of Sale (Dr. Cor'oett) acted as consecrating bishop, and his line voice was heard to great advantage. The bishop-elect has recently made a retreat at the Passionists' House, den Osmond, and he and the consecrating bishop fasted on the day previous to the ceremony. The Archbishop of Adelaide occupied the throne to the right of the altar, but did not take any active part in the proceedings. The ceremony was a most impressive one, whether as regarded in its outward form or in its inward significance, and the special choir thrilled the hearts of all present when the voices sank low in the appeals of the " Miserere" or pealed forth in the joyful strains of the "Te Deum." The ceremonial in front of the altar, although very intriciate to the onlooker, proceeded with the- utmost regularity from the litany of the saints until the important act was reached of anointing the head of the new bishop, and the handing to him of the pastoral staff and the ring, emblematic of the union between tiie prelate and the church. Later on he presented to the consecrating bishop bread and wine, as the essentials of life, and two lighted caudles, typifying the mystic sacrifice which the new bisiiop makes of him self to the service of liis flock. Finally the Bishop of Port Augusta went through the congregation, supported on either side by two brother prelates, and distributed liis blessing among those present, who rose reverently to receive him. , THE CONSECRATION. , The ringing of tho vestry bell shortly after 11 o'clock announced the formation of the procession of prelates and priests, who filed into the sanctuary with "stately step and slow." First came the joint masters of cere monies (Fathers Oosgrave and McEvoy), then the crossbearer and acolytes, and after them the following priests:—The Kev. Fathers Cleary, Carroll, Norton, O'Dowling, S.J., Doyle, Delahunty, Carey, Vincent, O.P., T. O'Neill, Williams, Comes, Martin, and Healy, There would have been a larger attendance of the clergy, but they found it inconvenient to get away from their parishes. After the priests marched the Bishops of Ballarat and Sandhurst, and then came tho bishop elect of Port Augusta and the eon-, secrating prelate of the day, the Bishop of Sale, who was attended by Fathers Hurley and Murphy, the deacon and subdeaeon of tho mass, and Archdeacon Russell, who was the assistant priest at the aliar. Shortly after wards his grace the archbishop, wearing the pallium, arrived, and was assisted to they, throne by the Very Kev. Arehpriest Nevin and Father Delahunty.' When the consecrating bishop /and the bishop-elect, with liis two assistant bishops, were vested, they took their places in front of the high altar- The consecrating prelate sat before the Centre altar, and the bishop-elect and his assistant bishops having saluted him they tooktheirseats. Thesenior assistant bishop then addressed the consecrating bishop as fol lows : — "Most Reverend father, Holy Mother the Catholic Church requests that you raise the priest here present to the burthen _ of tho episcopacy." The consecrating bishop as lied, "Have you the apostolic mandate ?" The papal brief was accordingly produced, and Father Norton read it aloud, after which the bishop-elect knelt and took the oath of fealty to the church and the sovereign pontiff. What is called the exami nation of the bishop-elect then took place, and he promised to teach his people by word and example the doctrine of Holy Scripture and the traditions of the church. This examina tion has been commanded by the Holy Father in order that he who is chosen for the rank of a bishop be first diligently queried concerning the faith of the Holy Trinity and be interrogated upon the morals which are be fitting sucli government and are necessary to be kept up according to the saying of the apostle—" Be thou not hasty in consecrating any man," and for this purpose also—" That he who is about to be ordained may be in structed how he is bound to demean himself when established in this rule within the church of God, and, lastly, in order that they who gave the consecrating imposition of hands may also be irreprehensible." Some of the questions put to the bishop-elect were:— "Wilt thou by word and example teach the flocks for whom thou art to be ordained in that which thou uuderstandest from Holy Seripture?" to which he answered "I will." "Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed apostle, to whom was given by God the favor of binding and loosing, and to his vicar, Leo XIII., the present Pope, and to his successors, bishops of Rome, faith, subjection, and obedience according as thecanons enjoin?" —"I will." "Wilt thou for the sakeW the Lord be easy of access and pitiful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all that are in need ?"— I will." The assistant-bishop then led the bishop elect to the consecrating bishop, whose hand he kissed, and the latter begun the celebration of . solemn high mass at the high altar. Meanwhile the bishop-elect proceeded to St. Joseph's altar, where he was vested in the pontifical vestmeifts for mass, and he also began the offering of the Holy Sacrifice. After the "gradual" the consecrating bishop went to his seat, and the bishop-elect was led to him. The former said:—"It is the archbishop's office to judge, to in terpret Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm." All knelt, and the bishop-elect prostrated him self upon the ground while the litanies were being sung by. Fathers Norton and O'Dowling, who were assisted by the choir; "To Veni Creator" also being intoned. At the conclusion of the hymn all rose!. The consecrating prelate then plnc'ed the Book of Gospels upon the shoulders of the bishop-electand both consecratingand assistant bishops placed their hands upon his head saying, " Receive the Holy Ghost." Certain prayers having been said, the consecrating bishop annointed with chrism the head of the bishop elect, saying, "Be thy head annointed and consecrated in the order of high priest by heavenly benediction in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The hands were also anointed, and were bound with linen bands while the pas toral staff and ring were blessed and given to the new bishop. The Book of Gospels was handed to him and he was commanded to preach to his people. He was given the kiss of peace, and the mass proceeded as far as the offertory inclu sive. The newly-consecrated bishop then made the offertory to the consecrating prelate, and both continued the mass on the one altar. After the blessing the mitre was placed upon the head of the new bishop, who was then enthroned, and while accompanied by the assistant bishops he went through the church blessing the people the " Te I)eum:' was sung. When the hymn was finished Bishop Maher gave his solemn blessing from the altar. Afterwards he thrice bent the knee to the consecrating bishop, singing each time "Ad multos annos.*"' This closed the proceedings. 