HUMOUR w Miss It. was telling her Sunday-sohodl class of small boys about the shut- in-society, whose members are persons confined with. illness to their beds or moms. ' "Whom can we think of,' said she, that would have haa great sympathy for these that are so shut in " 'I know,' said a little boy I ' SOfflS 000 in the Bible, ain't It, teacher ?' ' YeS and Vyho, Johnnie? 'Jonah,' was the spirited answer. London Tid Bits tells a story of a railway porter, living in Lancashire, who was in the habit of frequently getting up in his sleep, aud from whose actions it was evident that 1 his daily occupation was ever present in his mind. One night he jumped up hurriedly, ran. down lo tfia feifaten, vigorously opened tlxe oven, door, and cried out, 1 Change here j for Boltou, Bury and Manchester.' Mabel : Jack tola me he had an fiWf U 1 hard time getting you to. say you loved htm. Dorothy ; Yes. He fairly squeezed it out of me. Sue Moved These ! — He : "What was a man'B knee mafic for ?— Why, iu case of need. — Fiok-Me-Up. X>9CI9B : "Woilj I consider the medical pro- fession very bafily treated. See how few monuments there are to famous fioctore or surgeons. —She : Oh, doctor 1 Look at our cemetery ! — Judy. RaKTcsEy urn Love.— Mistress : J≠, why do you wish me to spare you. thia afternoon ? — Jane: To have mv baud uhoteretraffed. please, m'nv — Mistress: Your hand! W?hat- ever nonsense nest? — Jane: It's ail my yonng man's fault, m'm. He squeezes my hand so he won't believe he hurls me till I send him my b0H4fl. — Moonshine. Paux PonicEtfiM > You can't sleep hare !— i Tramp ; Well, it ain't comfortable ; but it's rough ou me to be woke up because you've fOUSfi that Out I — Photos aud Sketches. XXis Last Wood. — Brown, (who haa d6V6- loped a pretty quarrel with Smith) : Sir, we Shall meet again, but I — shall not be there ! — Fiek-Me-XTp. Yawn#, — The young man who had travel led began ; — ' Anfi there I stood, the abyss yawning at my feet—'—' Was it yawning before you got there, or did it begin after you arrived?' asked the young woman who had never been away. She yawned ll4rSSlf as she spoke. — He ' tumbled' as it were, at onee, and as soon as he could find his hat melted away into the yawning night. — ; Illustrated Bits. Spiteful. -—Miss J ellus to Miss Mature, who is handsome, but not so _ yonng as she used to he) I believe you paint yout' Cheek B. — Miss Mature : No, X don't; Nature paints them, — Miss JelluB : Then I must say X wonder at Nature bhooBing such a worn-out piece of canvas to work on J— Fun. SKHD0I/D0TS' HSB0J35, — First Boy : I tell you those Australian orioketers are fiewn- Fighfc jolly chaps. Why, one of 'em let me carry his cricket bag all the way from the station to the field. — Second Bey i Y4P luflky beggar I — -IV or Id's Gomic. Beotjectv. — Solicitor (to a man Who has been accused of stealing a watch) : I have uo objection to defending you, my man, hut I shall want BOIue security -£or my fee. — The Accused ; Well, yer can 'ave the bloomin' watah, if yer like. —Funny Oats. Adwats toe Same,—' Mr, Lofis-, I don't helieve there was a dry eye in the house when the curtain, went down on the third | aet.— Mrs. La fly .» Na ; hut there seemed to , he the usual number of dry throats. Geatitude. — Magistrate (severely, to pris oner) : Last time you were here I lot you off with, a emtiau. Prisoner ( eaaUv ). Y as, that's why I'm 'ere agin ; it sort of en- couraged me. \- A Mveter (yp OrraiOE. — First Railway Tassenger : Trial hy jury is a grand thing, ' Sir, Second fiivto (grwliugly) : Danno 1 'bout that ; it once got me seven years, Tub Foouish Ghe,— The "Wifiow ; Yes, poor John left some insurance, He; Enough to cover the loss? From this time on I shall believe in ! ghosts.' Why so ?' 4 You know that widower who has haau devoting himself to j me all the evening ? Well, hia dead wife I appeared just now and took him home.' DisaavERHn.— ' I learned to towim a hit at Harvard, you know.' 1 Oh, of course ! Jack said you learned something or other there, and I couldn't imagine what it was.' I Diner (excitedly) : Here, waiter, there's , not a single oyster m this tureen of oyster , soup, "Waiter (politely) : Yes, M'sien j hut m'Bieu must remember that he only ordered a half portion. The oysters are in the other half. A clover Washington woman has bit npon a scheme for finding oat how long her has - hand keeps the letters ehe asks Mm to mail lu his pocket. She slips a postal addressed to Vieraelf into tlx© collection and a-ter waiting ft remarkable length of time demurely aeke ber husband if be hadn't better go oat and post tho letters she gave him. REBMEfO Them Orr,— 4 X should think the tourists coming to this place would destroy this lovely park of yours,' said the northerner to the Flaridfftti. Well, they used to pick the oleanders and steal my ooeoanuts, hat I put up that sign over there, aud since that time they've respected my rights.' The Northerner walked over to the sign and road as follows ' 1 Yleaso fio not irritate the rattlesnakes.' 