'A ' [?] MmiaitT, «u, ar «. «. umwoart mmmnt. : MiwiMu «v irtoia MUUMasMtxr am tmbw. f Ctniiinued.j iiieu who horo tlio bnmt of the fiercest U:;litiug of tho cuniintign that the lush of jiri-os and palpit full. But old ICcnyon was In Ills eloiucnt. To tho best and kindliest ot luon tltcro is In being able to my "Didn't I tell yon Bo'r" a joy tlint snrpnsses tho sweets ot reliu'nius ennsolntion. it wus KOinctlilnjt to lionr liiiu deelniining itinona the artil lery nud infiuitry ofiiecrs during the days that followed tliouiiuouncmnont of ofHcial invesligntion at tho cxpenso of lliod'awnee buttulioiis. "Why. gontlo- won.''enid liu, "I hnvo never censed to thu'nk Uod I didn't tnko tlmelimice Tor prnwotlon that mine in the roor0'nniza- lion twenty yenra ago. I was ono of tho senior captains of infantry then. I could have got one of thoae cavalry vacancies jnst na well as not — been a yellow major ton years boforo tlio leaves dropped on my shoulders in tlio hinoi hot If by any chance I worn ordarod into thu dragoons today I'd swap out or quit fur good. Prom the tiiuu those Bloods and Picgans got" ."j heir deservud tlir.ishing at. the Iannis of Tim Bukcr'a battalion I've Itnomi enough to stser dear of it. You know llmso faeta us wcSI as I do. You knowthitto Itiiliatis laid been murdering, robbing, burning, pillaging, for two years. Yon know how nil Montana begged nnd implored Uuucral Sheridan to pet a stop to it. There was no catch ing them nulil winter, nnd then when he sent tlmsu Second cavalry fellows np there with orders to thrush slieol ont of tlicni. v.dait wiui the result? Didn't the pupers east and west turn to awl damn him mid thnui? Didn't tlicy dnb Idm Piegan Phil' from tli.it time forth? No, sir, 110 cavalry service for 1:10. There's only ono thing hardor tlmn tho knocks tbut tlicy havo been gutting for tho Inst twenty years 011 the frontier, and that's tho knocks they've had to hear at home.'' But toward tho end of.lannary tlio ohl post was bo;, -inning lo pluck r.p heart again, anil to tlio keen delight of Mrs. Berrien anil Vi iuifred their particular major was able to drive with >'hein, bundled up iti his furs, and lolling hack in thuoushiousof Dorcugnrin's barouche, na I10 termed his wifo'a comfortable car riage. with that rejoicing matron by his sidu distributing smiles nnd snnshine awl jnyoitn nodaof recognition wherever sho west, everybody waving hand or lint or handkerchief as they howled nlcng. and Winifred— bonny Winifred— beam ing upon her father front lite front seat. Very, very sweet Misa Berrien was look ing just now, raid all who saw hers yet there waa a shade or wislfulnesa in iter face, a constant expression about tliose deep, dark eyes that seemed to tell they were ever on 'watch for 0110 who never cawo. Shattered ns was Ids saber arm, Gnrly Crewaicr had scoffed at tho idea cf being sent back to Pawnee. What's tho use?" lie said. "I would ho utterly alone there, wlillo hero 1 have nil tlio fellows about me. What better care do I need?" In tlio midst of all their trials awl an noyances, in the thick of tho whirl of events that followed their sharp ami sudden light, tho officers and men of the Twelfth found themselves more closely drawn together cvou than before. Very little was said when outsiders wero by 11a to the depth of feeling nronsed in their ranks by tho nnarcountiihle crit icism of tho press. Very littlo had to bo said in tho odeinl investigation of the affair to clear them, ono nnd all, of the array cf allegations lodged at their doors. Bnt that every man. front the colonel down, bare away froui tho Held cf their wintcr'e travail 11 sonso of in jury beyond tho scar of savage missilo, who conld donht, who could blame? it did not prevent their having cotno qnict Tun of their own, however. Gray lmircd Parqnhttr was whimsical in liis sym pathy with I'.ulfo, whoso scalp had been Buved by tlio man or nil others ho hud most reviled— Sergeant Ellis. Randolph from tho recesses of tho hospital tent poked no end of gibes at Rldgowny, who had lost Ills oyoglasscs in tho morning ugut mm nun ticcn uenri y ran oiz wuu by tho Sionx. As for Rolfc's plight, "ho lost all tho skin from ilia sido instead of tho top of his head," laughed Gorliuin. It was pitiablo enough to imtko tlio boys forget tho austerity of ids post, for to his dying day Rolfo would carry the marks of his Involnntary "scrap with a squaw," It3 Randolph termed it. "Rolfe's scars lmvo come to tho surface," chimed in Warren, who never could got along with bitn. Thoy all hoped that he wonlil go back to Pawnco with tho wonnded train, and he did. Bo, too, did Ellis, wearing on tho arm in a sling the now chovrons of a first sergeant, won, us said his colonel tn presenting tliem, "together with tho heartiest recommendation for a medal of honor 1 could write, for bravery on tlio Held of battle,". Rolfs turned his baudaged .head away when Holdeu gavo hint all the story. Be know not what to think, mach less what to eay. EUishad leaped tlirongh tlieswann of fighting braves and with tho butt of his enrbino dashed aside tho nnsexed Bend whoso clntchlug claws wero in tho captain's hair, and then had fongbt like a tiger over tho prostrate body and saved the life of the man who had maligned bim. . /'Ono half second moro and yon were gone, Uolfe," said Holden gravely. 11 novor said ho wasn't a Sno soldier," answered Rolfo faintly. "Porhaps 1 didn't know bim aright." '.'That isn't ail there is to it, Rolfo." was tho. doctor's reply. "He is moro than a soldier. Bo is a gentleman, and I know it." Yet when Rolfo expressed a desire to see and speak with Ellis later ho calmly begged the doctor to oxenso him. Bnt jnst why Browstor would not go homo with the wounded the boys conld not quiio understand. ' Bo wonld bo off duty for months. Ho might not . Bwing saber again for a year, bliss Borrien was there, all readiness, na doubt, to thank .him .warmly for all lie had- dono to savo hor and. her mother from the blizzard, from tlio Indians, and heaven knows what all— to. bless him for his rssopo of papiWrtQ.beain. npon him with thoso wondrous dark eyes, thought poor "Ridgoway, who felt somehow that, after all. his caho was all dongb. 'And yet Curly wouldn't go. What was more, he hud never so much «3 exchanged one word Wmu v» urn rea Berrien iruni Hie moment of the discovery of tho ambu- . lance. It wus "B thro op," as Murphy ; said, that had the honor of conveying - tho ladies on to camp and tho bedidtlo of - tlio astonished mnjor. ' It was a blo.w to v Winifreii to learn that within twolve- honrs nf tor tlieir arrival the old battalion had ridden awny, Brewster with it. ."l.know why Curly doesn't dare go . back," said. one of thu sages of the bach elor mess. "He's afraid Rnowlea:wiU couioontnnd insist on lagging him off to town to bonnrscd under his roof or elso of her going ont -to nnrse bim. Begadl it may bo tongh, bnt it's a heap , safer hero."- - And so "Antinona" re mained with his follows in the wintry Bold, and old Berrien, who never conld be got to write n letter to anybody for.tid ho conld atund it no longer. He bade Bcrengarin write nnd say— well, something; something really tntist be said about how they appreciated his condnot; "bygones bis bygones:" some thing. nuything: be didn't know: she did; sho nlways knew jnst what to say "So write, Bess." "Bnt I have, Dick." "Berongarial And without my con sent?" "Richard Plnntngenot, Coenr do Lion, Tete de Venn, of ennrso— ten days ago." "Wbnt did yon say?' "Everything that wns proper, I trnst" "What did he say?" "Nothing." . "Didn't lie answor?" "Bow could ho, Dick? Von can't with two bauds: he has bnt one, tho toft at that.", . "Ho might hnvo got somebody to write for him. I did." . "So did ho." "Thonght yon said he didn't say any thing." . . "Well, I10 didn't Ho said everything that was gentlemanly courteous, appre ciative, nnd yet— nothing. A model let ter, Dick." "What does Winnie say?' "Nothing." "Didn't she seo it?' "Why should slio.Dick? Two months ngo yon practically forbade their meet- , ing." "Oh, I know; bnt— I didn't know him then." "Not oven after seven years' servlco with him, Dick?' "Oh, well, that— that party in petti coats there in town, I didn't know her cs well ns— well, as after 1 heard all abont her from thoso follows In tho Eleventh." "But I knew her, Dick, from the start." "1 know yon did, Bess. Yon snid so. and I suppose I've bcon an ass," said Berrien rnefnlly. "Yon soinotlmcs do cross tho danger lino, Dick, dear. That is, when I let you." The major had nothing to say in re- sponso to 'this accusation. He pondered in Bilence a moment. "Well, n fellow can change ills mind, can't he, us wetl as n woman?' "Not as well as a woman, Dick. ' Still he can change: And snpposo a certain fellow were to change his mind now and take six months' leave and go away to hoenred?: ' "What! Brewster change his minor— abont Winnie.do yon mean? Why: con found him! I'd ronnd him npso qnick— . The idea of his going bock on Winnie'. Why if I thonght such a thing possible rd have him here on his knees at her feet inside of a week.'' "Oh, no, yon wouldn't, Dick." said the, langhlhg softly. "Wouldn't? Wbynot?" "Jnst bccanse two women wouldn't let yon— I for ono, Winnio for two." "Yon still think sho cares for him?" "I won't answer that, Dick. But this." A-itU sudden change from her hinghiug \- manner, "1 will say, no lnnttcr what sho cared or how she suffered, neither yon nor I, Dick, nor any ono of ns on this wide earth, would over wring ouo word from her lips." And oyer at Holdon's things were going on in an odd groove. It was Ken- yon who was a freqnent visitor there now, not Rolfe. Mrs. Holden was still in St Lonis with hor oUve branches, for tho doctor had frankly told hor that jnst so long as ho had all theso wounded on his hands the children wonld ho in his way. "He means me," snld Jennie to Miss Qothrio, with prompt reseutment "But ho says next month lie'll come on here— business will require it ns well ns pleun- nro— pay as a ten days' visit and take ns homo. Then ypn'll coma, too, won't yon, Nits?" But Miss Uuthrio shook her head. ' . . " '' Yon promised ns," said Mrs. Holden toprooclifnlly; ."and Rolfe won't be there to worry yon tide timo," Bhe faltered. "He's going to tako n long leavo nnd go abroad." "Bnt oven that," wrote Jennlo to her iiege, "did not seem to comfort her. She says she will never, probably, viirit Paw nee ngain; and I know well as can be it i3 oil on account of tlmt terrlblo frigbt What on" there hnve been behind It all? Now that the Twelfth is coning home nnd yon have everything nmubig smoothly, don't yon think it possible to find out something abont tbat strange affair? Yon have never written 11 word, and I can see Nita'e oyes 'questioning mo every time sho knows I lmvo 11 let ter. Tlio other day 1 was in Iter room and looking oyer some old nlbtiins that 1 drew from the bottom of 11 desk I cuuie across a picture of bers jnst like the one : that is in tho littlo silver fruuio on the toilet table in her room ut Pawnee, ex cept tbnt this wns blurred nnd worn. 'Why, Nitnl' I cried unthinkingly, us sho ontered, 1 thought yon told luu mine wus tho only onu luft of this bind, uud hero's ono that looks as if it might have, been worn next .somo fellow's heart'iind bcen'Tiirisscd u million'— aud then 1 stopped short and dropped it, for she had turned whitoiisdouth and wnnstretebiug out hor hands. 'Where did yon find thut? alio whispered at iust 'Betweuu the: leaves' of this old album.' I said. 'It wus lying there- loosely.' ' I liad not wen it fur six years. 1 thonght I hud burned it , with' — - shuddered, but seized it onil took it : «wcy..ft If she wonld only talk to moot , Jack; but she will not, even tliongh I lmow that aver slnco the suicide of Mr. Perolvhl last August Mr. Gnthrio has been' working day and .night reopening . the bid ihatter.' AH tho friends of the Gnthrlcs ore now mora than aver confi dent that Jack was absolutely innoront —tbat Mr. Pcrclval as president of the bonk had made away with those missing - fnnds and securities and charged it to jack and to his friend Hnrold Warden. An cffort has boon made to get at Mr. Pcrclval'e papers/nil of thorn, bnt ids widow is still co broken that Bhp.cannot', bo seen by any one, soy her physician!. It is believed she knows something of. tho inner history of tho whole case, nndi that sho is striving, to hide what alio' known for hor children's Boko. Of tourso pooplo say she lins behaved very 11— thut sho onght to sell, and restore to tho bank real cstato and property that i from time to tlme llr. Pcrcival bad sot-' ' tied upon her, Bnt alio only goes -into hysterics when ldftyers (fro mentioned. "Mr. Gnthrio is now in a highly, nerv- ' bns and excltabto' stnto, whlohnntnral- ty reacts upon ITlta. I wish wo conld . get l:er away from lioree He went west, ' yon remember, when lie left hor with as at Pawnee. lie wont in tho hopes of Inding some trace of Mr. Wordcn,. so 1 '.earn now, and to nrgo tlio immediate return to Bt. Lonis of Jnck'a old and in- timnto friend to demand; justice at tho hands of tho Percivals, fur ho was mined irretrievably by Pcrclval'a accu sation when dismissed from the bank. Bnt bo lias vanished ntlcrly, and I know that they havo abont given him np for dead, A detective agenoy has beon at work for months,- and twice of lata men havo conio to thu bouse asking if it wore not- possiblo to find Bomewhero a picture of Mr. Wordou; but Nitn says none ex- fst tlmt alio : knows of. I boliovo that sho burned all that bUo hnd. "Why will sho not trnst me and tell jio alioat it— she who nsed to have no icerct from, me? Wo lmow thut ho was deeply in lovo with her and that sho was believed to care for bim, bnt there was n fenrfnl scene between him and Mr. Gnthrio over -poor Jack's body. The ' old gcntlcmun was wild with grief, and in his misery ho upbraided Worden as tho cause of it idl — accused him of be ing tho thief and cursed him for con cealing the crime nt tho expense of Jack's lifo and honor. Possibly ho did jeliovo it then, bnt since Perdval's '.euih everything is changed. I believe u; -would give all ho owns to make intends to Worden now, and somotimcs I think tbnt that i3 whatisldllingNita." " 'That that is what is killing Nita,' " read Holden again, this time half aloud, is ho pondered over tho word. Then a round nt the door attracted him. He glanced np qniokly. > "Oh, cotno in; sergeant. I did not hear you knock." "I beg yoni' pardon, sir," was the an swer, in Ellis' -deep voico, a faint flash, .rising to. his. pale, black bearded face.1 "I knocked twico at tlio onter door," mid: then, knowing the doctor to be here,, \- ventured into the hall. Am I too eaxly, ; sir?" ... "Yen ore jnst in time. Come in. Shut' that door and ait down. How's the arm to day, Ellis?! . ' ! Obediently the tall trooper had stepped i within and closed tho door, bnt he still . remained erect, n shade of hesitation in his manner. "The arm seems doing, well, sir." . "And yet yon yonreelf do not pick np ; us'I conld wish. Take that chair, Ellis; wo shall not be interrupted, and I want to talk with yon about your case. Yon ' have won honor and troops of friends in this campaign, and when the regiment gets back and they find yon pale and umgnid, so utterly nnlike yonreelf and unfit to tako your duties as first sergeant, tbey will say I was at fault. Can't stand that, yon know, so I have spoken' to Major Kenyan about the matter, and he MOO uiiwnu tuub j uu luutuuu tvt tuu hospital forthwith and under my roof. No; keep yonrseat. Yoa are to report to mo for special duty in making np tho field papers and reports, and I shsdl need yon right hero where I can superviso it all and look after yoa." For u moment the two men sat gazing straight into each other's eyes. Then 'again, trembling slightly, Ellis strove to rise. "Dr. Holdein, I— I onght not to take advantage of this. Indeed I ennnot." "That will do, Mr," was the qniatly smiling reply. "Orders are orders, ser geant, and being a pationt yon ore doubly undermine. What's moro, you cun ask no question until, that chevron ; Is replaced hy the shoulder strap, Ellis, under what name shall the officers of the Twelfth ask that yon be made one of ! tlieir nnmbort" Making no roply, tho sergeant bowed his head and covered his faco with his hands. La to that evening old Kenyon, drop ping in to see the doctor, fonnd tho tall cavalryman seated at a dosk in Holden's library, and, as he promptly aroso and stood erect in acknowledgment of the presence of the post commander, the major strode straight np to him and held ont bis bond: "Sergeant, I am as . proud and pleased ns your own father conld be. When a whole regiment recommends atnan for a commission, as this day's moil tells us, it's worth more than all the senatorial backing in Columbia. It may not fetch it, hat I'd rather have it ' Now, have yoa any friends to aid yon?1 "Nono in the world, sir." "No relatives?. No kin? Not even a congressman?' "Notovonn congressman. A sister, perhaps; |int tbat is all." "Wbll'/o'woll, wolll Novor mind, though, my lad; well seo yon through. -What yon must do is get strong and well. : You're but the ghost of yourself, nnd tho doctor nnd I havo moved yon over. here as a matter we owo the regi ment. I thonght you were told to go to bed an hour ago. Which is yonr room?" "Tho doctor has given mo the ran of the top floor, eir, hnt mine is the front : room oh - this sido," answered Ellis gravely.®. "Well, it's time tor yon to turn in, so 