NOTES AND COMMENTS. It is a matter for science to investigate how it comes that all politicians seem utterly devoid of a sense of humour or of the ridicu lous. Is it because none with an eye for the comic would follow, the stump oratory trade ? The seriousness with which prominent mem bers of both political parties addressed their bleeding country during the Waverley con test, in speeches, Dainful with exaggerations, and bristling with inconsistencies and con tradictions, seem inexplicable. The only bright ray through the dark dreary business was the Premier's speech. As usual, he sensibly treated the affair as a joke, and he was consequently witty, sarcastic, and effec tive. The rest of the orations, however, were a miserable assortment of soap, sugar, candles, and Japanese boots, that would in duce any reflecting Australian to curse the day that these articles of domestic utility were invented, and register a vow never to gaze on them again. Here are specimens of some of the reasoning of the Protectionists. Protection is necessary to give employment to our people. The Freetraders tell us that the unemployed difficulty continued under Protection, but then Protection never got a fair trial. We had but three years of it, and it was of too mild a quality. What has Freetrade done for you ? You have it now for the last six weeks, and it has brought you nothing but Japanese boots and Cana dian corn. What is the use of Freetrade giving you a pair of boots for 6d. when you have not the 6d. to pay for them ? The Freetraders retort item for item, and show that the Protectionists are trying to forge manacles for the working classes, and to crush out the spirit of liberty in this young country. All the arguments on both sides have been worn so threadbare that only a professional politician could now have the courage to use them. If any patriotic move ment was started to give large money prizes to anyone that might discover something new as regards the fiscal dispute, The Catholic Press would warmly support it. Meanwhile we are eating diseased meat, the alien difficulty is increasing, provincialism is striking roots, drunkenness is destroying the manhood of our people, our municipal ar rangements are a disgrace to reason, lar rinkinism reigns unchecked, and beside all these horrors our members draw their salaries for tearing one another to pieces over the red rag of nscalism. Her Majesty the Queen has issued a letter thanking her subjects for their sympathy in the late bereavement of the royal family, in which she states that the ' blighted happi ness of the Princess Beatrice is hard to bear.' It will be surprising, though, the number of these same subjects that will have the fortitude to bear up under the trial with perfect equanimity and entire resignation to the dispositions of Providence. The time has certainly passed for the belief that the nature of Monarchs, Queens or Princesses differs in any essential way from that of peasants, or that their hearts are more sensi tive ; that family ties among them are stronger; and that the loss of a relative afflicts them more keenly. Some millions of the subjects to whom Her Majesty's letter is addressed are starving, without homes or friends or food. They have to bear about with them, too, the inseparable burdens that always attend on black poverty, disease of mind and body, ignorance, degraded com panions, the foul moral and physical atmos phere of city slums, the loss of self- reverence and self-control. For all these creatures of flesh and blood, of mind and heart, with possibilities of eternal happiness if they were but cared for, there is no sympathy, no consideration. They may live in sin and shame and die in hunger, and it is but regarded as the natural order of things. What were they, after all, but poor wicked wretches ? The lady's lap-dog must be washed, combed, fed and petted, and her favourite birds attended to — but they belong to high society — the occupants of the back slums are only — men and women — only that — and nothing more. They were not born to princely inheritances, nor nurtured in the lap of selfish luxury ; therefore they have no feel* ings — they are vulgar ! Reflecting on these things, we feel that the loss the Princess Beatrice sustained on the death of her husband is not such as to wring our hearts with excessivs grief. She has yet many things to be very thankful for. There are numbers that would be delighted to exchange positions with her. It is extraordinary that there was never less of the true spirit of democracy in the world than at present. Never was there more talk about the dignity of men ; but then we kneel and worship money, position and elegant dresses. In the abstract, we love humanity— but let no man with a ragged coat or empty stomach come nearer. v It has happened, in past years, that private concerts and social entertainments for local charities were arranged on St. Patrick's night, with the effect, of course, of drawing people away from the National Concert. It is sin cerely to be hoped that nothing of the kind will be attempted this year. A great demon stration, worthy of the Irishmen of the colony, is being organised for the ensuing feast, and it is to be fittingly terminated by a brilliant concert in the Town Hall in the evening. Every true Irishman, everyone with a heart capable of appreciating the wondrous beauty of our National melodies that recall so power fully the past. refinement, culture, and great ness of our race, should be present at the concert. It would be unpatriotic and ex tremely petty on the part of anyone to appeal for Irish Catholic support for any object, ho matter how praiseworthy, on that occasion. If such an appeal is made we trust that it will meet no response, and that it will be the failure that it deserves. There are other nights in the year when the interests of local matters may be adequately consulted, but St. Patrick's Day, our great National feast, must be a National celebration. We must have unity of purpose and action, and the position we are to hold in the estimation of our fellow-citizens of other nationalities or creed will depend considerably on the success of the great efforts now being made to worthily celebrate the memory of our Na tional Apostle. For all true Irishmen, then, the Town Hall must be the place of meeting and of enjoyment on the 17th of March. In the morning there will be a religious celebra tion at vSt. Mary's, the Cathedral Church of the city, and the very same reasons should induce all our people to be present. It would be a lamentable pity if devotions in other churches diminished the effect or interfered with the National aspect of the Cathedral celebration. It can be easily arranged that in local districts the Masses will be at an early hour, thus giving everyone an oppor tunity of attending at St. Mary's. As in the evening so in the morning none, no matter how good his intentions may be, should do anything that would please our enemies by causing any want of perfect unity in this feast. * Servant girls have been receiving a rather liberal amount of abuse and ridicule lately from various quarters. It is alleged against them, as a very serious oflence, that they have become too educated for their station in life, that they . have lost respect for their mistresses, require enormous salaries, and show a manifest distaste to lower themselves to any menial occupation. They also have become possessed of the wild, revolutionary idea that they are entitled to a little recrea tion, and that, even to the kitchen, they bring with them faculties of mind and heart that require development, and that seek enjoy ment even as ' my lady ' herself amidst the fairy beauty of loveliest drawing-room scenes. As, it is our pleasure to seek to reach the level of Shakespeare's ideal philosopher, who could find — ' Sermons in stones, books in tho running brooks, And good in everything' we have been casting about to see if we could not discover some redeeming features even in domestic servants, and something that might be urged in extenuation of the many and serious offences with which they are so readily charged. Our labours have not been in vain. We here enunciate it as a sound philosophic principle that no one has a station in life irrevocably fixed by any other laws than the limits of their own ability, tact, and fortune. Therefore, the charge against domestic servants ol their notions and edu cation being too high for their station is ridiculous. No girl need be a servant if she has the ability and power to go higher. The station of many ol our most insolent and haughty leaders oi fashion was once the lowest menial service. That many servants have but little respect for their mistresses is not so much to the dispraise frequently of the former. How many mistresses are un worthy of respect ? Coarse, ignorant, and selfish, and always, by the vulgarity of their nature, prompted to treat their domestics as if they were inferior even to the household animals ! Even servants have feelings, and can be hurt by coarse insults, and by studied and continual brutality. When they are compelled to submit to this life it is no won der . that they exact the highest wages possible, in the same manner as people en gaged in noxious trades and callings danger ous to health and life. The servant, moreover, has often not only to endure the mistress, but to be the object of attack and spleen on the part of a crowd of unmannerly, utterly spoiled, pampered children. The desire of servants for some evening's recreation in the week is legitimate, and, with proper safe guard, should be promptly and gladly con ceded ? by ' every humane mistress. The fatigues, the monotony, and hard labour of domestic service are very trying, and impose on those that have to undergo them the necessity of having some recreation, Mis tresses whose entire existence is spent in dissipation and pleasure might well permit their dependants for a few evenings weekly to breathe a little fresh air. Lastly, that servants consider themselves the equals of their mistresses is a matter opposed to neither the natural or divine law. They are the equals, and in mind and character often immeasurably the superiors. # ' Hi story repeats itself' is one of those commonplace phrases that seems to express something, but leaves one entirely in the dark as to what that something is. Perhaps it means that the events of to-day are pretty much like those of all the days that have gone, that the burden of life's song is for ever about — ' Some natural sorrow, g'i'iet1, or pain, That has heen and may be again.' For practical purposes, the meaning is as good as any other that we can assign to it. The deputation that recently waited on Sir Henry Parkes and implored him to come forth to contest Waverley and ' save the country' brought the historical repetition theory to our minds. When the safety of the Roman Republic was imperilled, some representative citizens wended their way to a village farm and took Cincinnatus from his wooden plough and placed him at the head of public affairs. Who does not see a remarkable similarity in Australia's present recourse to Parkes ? There are a few points of difference between the two remarkable events — but they are minor ones. The Waverley deputation do not find Sir Henry at the plough, because when he was in ' hoffiss ' not even a few acres of the public land would he set apart for his own private benefit or pleasure, but it discovered him amidst a scene of most tender domestic felicity and endearment — rocking the cradle. No poet's pen, nor painter's brush, nor sculptor's chisel has yet attempted anything so majestic in simplicity, or so full of sublime suggestiveness, as the Old Man Parkes, with the snows of eighty winters on his head — the statesman, the poet, the patriot, the spiritualist, who communed so familiarly and for so long with the 'Kiama, Ghost;' the moralist who spoke so finely about virtue, bending over the sleeping babe and swaying gently the tiny cot, his vener able face illuminated with the indescribable rays of paternal affection. Never before did infancy and old age meet in an intimacy so delightful or under circumstances so practical and full of lofty pathos. Cincinnatus and his plough, in comparison, lose all their romance and charm and become extremely vulgar and petty. We would let the curtain fall on Sir Henry here and leave him to the delightful solitude and calm joy of his home, lighted up by infantile grace and loveliness ; but 'good government' and ' Freetrade ' and the monster Reid have again torn him away and faced him into the battle and storm of public life, and thither, too, we must follow him. He told the deputation that a member of Parliament should possess a mind capable of grasping Australia, and that could not be circumscribe i by the miserable wants or affairs of any single constituency. He has this mind : whatever Australia desires he is capable of giving, and is also only too willing to give. Some vulgar mem ber of the deputation reminded him that he gave Waverley a park. It was from the sublime to the ridiculous. If he did it was rude to recall it — it was an act of indiscre tion of his early political youth. He is now above these small things, and dwells in lofty contemplation regarding the destinies of nations. No thoughts of local bridges or schools, etc., enter his mind. The unpatriotic Waverley electors could not, of course, appreciate this greatness of soul. They voted for a mere matter-of-fact man, and the country is left ' unsaved.' * As an instance of the blessings that the New South Wales secular system of educa tion is conferring on society, and of its admirable efficiency in turning out virtuous, law-abiding, patriotic Australians, we may mention that a pair of lads, brothers, aged seven and nine respectively, last week broke the windows of the Rockdale Catholic church, and, having effected an entrance, showed their industrious habits of mind by destroying everything about the altars and in the sacristy, of which the construction was not such as to baffle the attacks of their juvenile powers of mischief. We expect that when the motion to grant ^'10,000 to Sir Henry Parkes will be before Parliament none of the Catholics of Rockdale will be very enthusiastic in its support. The old man with the ' breadless 'ome ' boasted that the Public Instruction Act would end the priests' calling. If we may judge from these two Rockdale specimens of public school culture, we are inclined to think that the boast was not altogether vain. It is evident that Parkes knew thoroughly the tendency of godless education — that' it would send forth a generation of individuals, each a menace to society ; raised far above the old-fashioned notions of honesty or of respect for the rights and feelings of others. In such a Parkesian society there will be most certainly an end to the calling — and to the life and property as well of every honest man. Of course, if Catholics complain about the injustice of the public school system, they are at once held up as conspiring against the ' Constitooshun,' and from the lower regions promptly arises the ' Kiama Ghost ' to reveal their dan gerous views and tendencies. Still it is rather difficult to admire the ' Constitooshun ' that deals with people in this manner. Take the Rockdale Catholics. They built their church out of their own pockets, and from the same source drew the funds to purchase all the requisites for the fitting celebration of Mass and for the other ceremonies of their religion. Out of their pockets, too, they built a school for their children, and are sup porting it. Into the same pockets, however, they have annually to put their hand, and draw forth their share of the taxes for the public ? schools that they cannot use, and that supplied the mental equipment to these young larrikins to enter and profane their church and tear and desecrate everything that they could reach. They will now have to pay for new altar requisites, and further more they will be taxed to support those boys in gaol or on the Sobraon. It will be objected to this very clear, sound reasoning of ours, that if these boys never entered a public school they might still be mischievous. We agree. But the fact remains that the)7 are being educated at the public expense, and that their conduct is just what the bishops again and again declared might be expected from irreligious education. In all histor}' a man without respect for God or religion has been a monster. The public school system, by its own intrinsic nature, tends to weaken respect for God and for religion. It is there fore a danger to public stability, to order, or government of any kind, and its author should receive not praise but the contempt of every Australian. 