THURSDAY MORNING'S TRAINING NOTES. ? MORPHETTVILLE. . The track was in splendid order at Morphettville, and a fine morning brought trainers out early. George Anderson was the first to get going, and he sent Fioodbird for long steady exercise. Swithin finished up with a mile in I min. 57 sec., but Playmate was not extended. Keily's team, including Thunder Queen, Miraelum, Port Admiral, Royal Admiral, Fleet Admiral, and Respond, were restricted to gentle exercise, while Pitchery finished up with a spurt ovfer a couple of furlongs. Scutum and Security had the assistance of Jack Tar fora four-farlong spurt, which they cut out in Foliage, Nomadic, and Supposition put in a couple of rounds, the last at half pace. The Golden King went strongly over a couple of rounds. Rosedaie, with Beveridge in the saddle, got over a mile in a taking maimer, while Ensign, who is on the big side, did long work. Clytemnestra ran a mile in even time, and Anglo-Saxon finished up with a smart six furlongs. Trentalto moved along for five furlongs. Nackara (Tothill) left a mile behind him in 1 min. 56 sec., and Diadem traversed five furlongs in 1 min. 10 sec. Thunderer was not extended. Smitherens (Foon), on the inside track, left three furlongs behind him in 43 sec. Fair Saxon (Rogers) got over a mile in 1 min. 55J sec. Daubydale, looking healthy and well, negotiated a round at haif-pace. Happy Jack (Rogers) and Huree (Foon) were coupled for useful exercise, while The Idler left five furlongs behind him in 1 min. 0J sec. Hill's team, including Lord Salisbury, Taliesin, Broken liill, Dalesman, Blodwen, Mermaid, and Priucess of Wales, were restricted to steady and half-pace exercise. Bluff went three rounds with necksweaters on, and the Lady Lovelace filly was credited with useful work. Taradale did good steeplechase work. THE OLD COUBSE. Sheppard was the first to start, and he sent Lord Grenville. who is looking well, three rounds at a steady gait. Wahine (Sheppard) wound up with a round at three-quarter pace, while Confidence put in four miles, increasing the speed the last round. Dick Whittington and Firelock were coupled for a threefurlong spurt. Barter was bowling along for a couple of rounds, and Juliet was sent over the same distance steadily. Conscript, Carmelite, and Playboy covered their last six furlongs in 1 min. 2S sec. Helena left five furlongs behind her in 1 min. II sec., and Gipsy Queen negotiated her last round in 1 min. 59-i sec., while De la Volta was half a second quicker getting over tho same distance. Dianthus and The Royalist were coupled for a six-furlong spurt, which they traversed in 1 min. 294 sec. All Fours and Angler, both of whom are on the improve, were companions for a couple of rounds, the last occupying 2 min. 4 sec. Jack Sprat was credited with good work, getting over his last round in 1 min. 59 sec. Gaillardia and Radiant, the latter looking well, also put in serviceable exercise, their last mile being left behind in 1 min: 52J sec. Saracen, a halfbrother to The Arab, was not idle, and Woodfield did sound steeplechase work. Cigarette finished up with a three-furlong spurt, while Regent and Recoup left seven furlongs behind them in 1 min. 41i sec. Havelock went three times round at half and three parts pace. Opal and another spurted half a mile, and Home Rule covered his last round in 2 min. 11 sec. Strike only cantered, while Holly worked steadily, and Kase got to the end of seven furlongs in 1 min. 39i sec. Kingfish and Consequence were not extended, but Trout got over three rounds at half and three - quarter pace. Barunga worked steadily, and Longbow spurted six furlougs in 1 min. 2oi sec. Kirkby finished up with a spurt over a couple of furlongs. Eaglehawk and Encounter concluded with a smart halfmile, the watch registering 57 sees. The Ghost did long steady work, and First Master left seven furlongs behind him in 1 min. 41A sees. Mompa rattled along over a mile and a quarter, negotiating the round in 2 min. 1 sec. Conventioner, Hamlet, and Sir George were bracketed over three rounds, covering their last round in 2 min. 1 sec., Hamlet finishing in front of Conventioner. Jackeroo did good serviceable work, while Orb trotted once round, and Fund encompassed a circuit at three-quarter pace. 