NOV-KIL. [?] BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) It was still dart and storming furiously when the bugles of the battery sounded the reveille, and by the light of the swinging lanterns of men marched away in their can vas stable ri-r, looking like a column of ghosts. Yet, despite the gale and the tor rents of rain, Pierce was in no wise surprised to find Cram at his elbow when the horses were led out to water. ' Groom in-doors this morning, Mr. Pierce. t Is Waring home ?' ' No, sir ; Ananias told me when he brought me my coffee.' 4 Hold the morning report, then, until I come to the office. I fear we have both first lieutenants to report absent to-day. You and I may have to go to town : so get your breakfast early. We will ride. I doubt if even an ambulance could get through. Tell me, Pierce, have you spoken to Waring about — about that matter we were discussing? Has he ever given you any idea thas he had received warning of any kind from old Las celles — or any of his friends ?' ' No, Sir. I've had no chance to speak, to be sure, and, so far as I could observe, he and Mr, Lascelles seemed on every excellent terms only a few days aso.' ' Well, I wish I had p-poken myself,' said Cram, and turned away. That morning, with two first lieutenants absent without leave, tha report of Light Battery ' X ' went into the adjutant's office just aR it& commander and his junior subalt ern went out and silently mounted the drip ping horaes standing in front. The two orderlies, with their heads poked through the slit of their poncho?, briskly seated themselves in f-addlo, and theu the colonel hurried forth just in lime to hail, — 'Oh, Cram ! one minute.' And Cram reined about and rode to the side of the post commander, who stood under the shelter of the broad gallery. 4 I wouldn't Bay anything about this to any one at head quarters except Reynolds. There is no one else on the staff to whom Waring would apply, is there s' ' Iso one, sir. Reynolds is the only man I can think of.' 4 Will you send an orderly back with word as soon as you know ?' ' Yes, sir, the moment I hear. And-d — , shall I send you word from — there,' — and Cram nodded northward, and then, in a lower tone, — ' as to Doyle ?' ' Oh, drop Doyle ! I don't care if he never ? ' But here the commander of the post regained control of himself, and with part ing ?ypavo of the hand turned back to his office. Riding in single file up the levee, for the city road was one long pool, with the swollen river on their left, ard the slanting torrents of rain obscuring :\U objects on the other baud, tho party made its way for several squares without oxohangiug a word. Presently the leading file came opposite the high wall of the Luscelles place. The green latticed gate stood open, — au unusual thing, —and both officers bent low over their pom mels and gazed along the dark, rain-swept alley to the pillared portico dimly seen be yond. No!; a jouI was in sight. The water was already on a level with the banquette, and would soon bo running across and into the gate. A vagabond dog skulking about the pale gave vent to a mournful howl. A sudden thought struck ihe captain. He led the way down the slope and forded across to the north side, the others follow ing. ? Joyce,' said he to his orderly, ' dis mount and go in there and ring at the door. Ask if Mr. Lascelles is homer If not, ask if Madame has any message she would like to send to town, or if we can be of any ser vice.' The soldier was gone hut a moment, and came hurrying back, a negro boy, holding a long fold of malting over his head to shed the rain, chasing at his heels. It was Al phorise. 'M.'sieu' not yet of return,' said he, in labored translation of his negro French, ? and Madame remain chez Madame d'Her villy. I axii alone wiz my mudder, and she has fear.' ' Oli, it's all right, I fancy,' said Cram, reassuringly. I saw your gate open, so we stopped to inquire. We'll ride over to Ma dame d'Hervilly's and ask for them. How came your gate open ?' ' Ne connais pas ; I dunno, sare. It was lock' last night.' ' Why, that's odd,' said Cram. ' Better bolt it now., or. Jill the cattle along the levee wiil bo. in therf. You can't look out the water, thQiigh. Who had the key besides Mr. ? La-.oeries or ilaaame?' . ' ' Nobody, hare ; but there is muddy foots all over the pizza.' 4 The devil ! I'll have to look in for a mo ment.' A nod to Pierce brought him too from the saddle, and the officers handed their reins to the orderlies. Then together they entered the gate and strode up the white shell walk, looking curiously about them through the dripping shrubbery. Again that dismal howl waB raised, and Pierce, stopping with impatient exclamation, tore half a brick from the yielding border of the walk and seat it hurtling through the trees. With his tail between his legs, the brute darted from behind a sheltering bush, scurried away around the corner of the house, glanoing fearfully back, then, halting at «afe distance, squatted on his haunches and lifted up his mournful voice again. 4 Whose dog is thatP' demanded Cram. ' M'sieu' Philippe's : he not no here. He is de brudder to Monsieur.' At the steps the captain bent and closely examined them and the floor of the low veranda to which they led. Both were dis figured with muddy footprints . Pieroe would have gone still further in the investigation, but his senior held up a warning hand. 4 Two men have been here,' ne muttered. 4 They havo tried the door and tried tho blinds. — Where ? did you sleep last night, boy?' and with the words he turned suddenly on the negro. ' Did you hear no sound ?' 'No, sare. I slept in my bed, — 'way back. No, I hear nothing, — nothing.' And now the negro's face was twitching, bis eyes staring. Something in the soldier's stern voice told him that there was tragedy in the air. ' If this door is locked, go round and open it from within,' said Cram, briefly. Then, as Alphon&e; disappeared around the north, sido, ho stepped back to the shell walk and followed one of its branohes around the other. An instant later Pierce heard him call. Hastening in his wake, the youngster came upon his captain standing under a win dow, one of whose blinds was hanging partly open, water standing in pools all around him. 4 Look here,' was all he said, and pointed upward. The sill was above the level of their heads, but both could see that the sash was raised. All was darkness within. 4 Come with me,' was Cram's next order, and the lientenant followed. Alpbonse was unlocking the front door, and now throw it open. Cram strode into the wide hall way straight to a door of the east side. It was locked. 4 Open this, Alphonse,* he said. 4 1 have not the key. It is ever with M'siea' Lascelles. It is his library.' Cram stepped back, gave one vigorous kick with a heavy riding- boot, and the frail door flew open with a crash. For a moment the darkness was such that no object could be distinguished within. The negro servant hang back, trembling from some indefinable dread. The captain, his hand on the door knob, step sod quickly into the gloomy ap artment, Pierce close at his beels. A broad, flat-topped desk stood in the centre of the room. Some ahelvea and books were dimly visible against the wall. Some of the drawers of the desk were open, and there was a litter of papers on the desk, and others were strown in ,the big rattan chair, some on the floor. Two student-lamps could be dimly dis tinguished, one on the bis: desk, another on a .little reading table placed not far from the south window, whoso blinds, half open, ad mitted almost the only light that entered the room. With his head near this reading table and faintly visible, a bamboo lounge stretched its length towards the southward windows, where all was darkness, and some thing vague and indistinguishable lay ex tended upon the lounge. Cram marched half- way acrofss the floor, then stopped short, glanced down, stepped quickly to one side, shifting his heavily-booted feet as though to aroid some such muddy pool as those en ceuntered without. ' Take care,' he whisnered, and motioned warmly to Pierce. ' Come here and open these shutters, Alphonse,* were the next words. But once again that prolonged, dis mal, mournful howl was heard under the south window, aud the negro, seized with un oontrollable panio, turned baok and clung trembling to the opposite wall. 4 Send one of the men for tbe post surgeon at once, then come back here,' said the cap tain, and Pierce hastened to the gate. As he returned, the west shutters were being thrown open. There was light when he re-entered the room, and this was what he saw. On the China matting, running from underneath the sofa, fed by heavy drops from above, a dark wet ttain. On the lounge, stretched at full length, a stiffening human shape, a yellow-white, parchment-like face above the black clothing, a bluish, half-opened mouth whose yellow teeth showed savagely, a fallen chin and jaw, covered with the gray stubble of unshaved beard, and two staring, sight less, ghastly eyes fixed and upturned as though in agonized appeal. Stone-dead, — murdered, doubtless, — all that was left of the little Frenchman Lascelles. 1 CHAPTER V. All that day the storm raged in fury ; the levee- road was blocked in places by the boughs torn from overhanging trees, and here, there, and everywhere turned into a quagmire by the torrents that could find no adequate egress to the nothward swamps. For over a mile above the barracks it looked like one vast canal, and by nine o'clook it was utterly impassable. No cars were mn ning on the dilapidated read to the 4 half way house,' whatever they might be doing beyond. There was only one means of com munication between the garrison and the town, and that, on horsebaok along the crest of the levee, and the people in the second story windows of the store and dwelling houses along the other side of the way, driven aloft by the drenched condition of the ground floor, were surprised to Bee the num ber of times some Yankee soldier or other made the dismal trip. Cram, with a party of four, was perhaps the first. Before the dripping sentries of ithe old guard were re ieved at nine o'clock every man and woman at the barracks was aware that foul murder had been done during the night, and that old Lascelles, slain by some unknown hand, slashed and hacked in a dozen places, ac cording to the stories afloat, lay in his aloomy old library up the levee road, with a flood already a foot deep wiping out from the grounds about the house all traces of his assailants. Dr. Denslow, in examining the body, found just one deep, downward stab, entering above the upper rib and doubtless reaching the heart, — a stab made by a long, oharp, straight, two-edged blade. He had befin dead evidently some hours when dis covered by Cram, who had now gone to town to warn the authorities, old Brax meantime having taken upon himself the responsibility of placing a guard at the house, with orders to keep Alphonse and his mother in and everybody else out. It is hardly worth while to waste time on the various theories advanced in the gar rison as to the cause and means of the dread ful climax. That Doyle should be away from ihe post provoked neither comment nor speculation : he was not connected in any way with the tragedy. But the fact that Mr. Waring was absent all night, ooupled with the stories of his devotion to Madame, was to several minds prima facie evidence that this was the bloody hand that wrought the deed — that he was now a fugitive from justice, and Madame Lascelles, beyond doubt, the guilty partner of his flight. Everybody knew by this time of their, being together much of the morninsr : how could they help knowing, when Dryden had seen them ? In his elegantly jocular way, Dryden was al ready condoling with Ferry on the probable loss of his Hatfield clothes, and comforting him with the assurance that they always u-ave a fellow a new black suit to be hanged iu, so be might get his duds back after all, only they must get Waring first. Jeffers doubtles3 would have been besieged with questions but for Cram's foresight : Ids master had ordered him to accompany him to town. In silence a second time tha little party rode away, passing the flooded homestead where lay the murdered man, then, farther on, gazing in mute curiosity at the closed shutters of the premises some infantry satir ists had already christened ? the dove-cot.' What cared they for him. or his objeotlo11 able helpmate? Still, they could not but note how gloomy and deserted it all ap peared, with two feet of water lapping the garden wall. Summoned by his master, Jeffers knuckled hid oil-skin hat-brim and pointed oat the spot where Mr. Waring stood when he knocked the cabman into the mud, but Jeffers' tongue was tied and his cockney volubility gone. The tracks made by Cram's wagon np the slopa were already washed out. Bending forward to dodge the blinding storm, the party pushed along the embankment until at last the avenues and alleys to their right gave proof of bettor drainage. At Rampart Street they separated, Pierce 'going on to report the tragedy to the police, Cram turning to his right and follow ing the broad thoroughfare another mile, until Jeffers, indicating a big, old-fashioned, bread- galleried Southern house standing in the midst of grounds once trim and hand some, but now ehowing signs of neglect and penury, simply said, 4 'Ere, sir.' And here the party dismounted. Cram entered the gate and pulleda clang ing bell. The door was almost instantly opened by a colored girl, at whose side, with eager joyous face, was the pretty child he had seen so often playing about the Lasoelles homestead, and the eager joyous look faded instantly away. ' She t'ink it M'sieur Vareeng who comes to arrive,' explained the emiling colored g';si. 'Ah ! It la Madame d'Hervilly I wish to sse,' answered Cram, briefly. 4 Please take her my card.' And, throwing off his drip ping rain-coat and tossing it to Jeffers, wno had followed to the verandah, the oaptain stopped- within the hall and held forth Ms hands to Nin Niri, begging her to oome to him who was so good & friend to Mr. War ing. Bat she would not. The tears of dis appointment were in the dark eyes as the little one turned and ran away. Cram could hear the gentle, soothing tones of the mother striving to console her little one, — the ono widowed and the other orphaned by the tid ings he bore. Even then he noted how musical, how full of rich melody, was that soft Creole voice. And then Madame d'Hervilly appeared, a stately, dignified, picturesque gentlewoman of perhaps fifty years. She greeted him with punctilious oivility, but with manner as distant as her words were few. 4 1 have oome on a trying errand,' he be gan, when she held up a slender, jewelled hand. 4 Pardon. Permettez. — Madame Lascelles,' she called, and before Cram could find words to interpose, a servant was speeding to sum mon the vory woman he had hoped not to hare to see. 4 Oh, madame/ he murmnred low, hur riedly, c I deplore my ignorance. I ean not speak French. Try to understand me. Mr. Lasoelles is home, dangerously stricken. I fear the worst. You must tell her.' 'OmeP Labas? C'est impossible.' ' It is true,' he burst in, for the swiih of silken skirt was heard down the long passage. 4I1 est mort,— mort,' he whis pered, mustering np what little French he kmew and then cursing himself for an im becile. ' Mort ! 0 oiel !' The words came with a shriek of anguish from the lips of the elder woman and were echoed by a scream from beyond. In an instant, wild-eyed horror strioken, Emilie Lascelles had sprung to her tottering mother's side. 4 When? What mean youf* she gasped. 4 Madame Lascelles. he sadly spoke, 4 1 had hoped to spare you this, but it is too late now. Mr. Lascelles was found lying on the sofa in his library this morning1. He had died hours before, duriug the night.' And then he had to spring and catch the fainting woman in his anna. She waa still moaning, and only semi-conscious, when the old family doctor and her brother, Pierre d'Hervilly, arrived. Half an hour later Oram astonished the aides-de-camp and other bored staff officials by appearing at the general loafing-rooni at head quarters. To the chorus of inquiry as to what brought him up in such a storm he made brief reply, and then asked imme diately to speak with the adjutant- general and Lieutenant Reynolds, and, to the disgust and mystification of all the others, he dis appeared with these into an adjoining room There he briefly told the former of the mur der, and then asked for a word with the junior. Reynolds was a character. Tall, hand some, and distinguished, he had served throughout the war as a volunteer, doing no end of good work, and getting many a word of praise, but, as all Mb service was as a staff officer, it was nis general who reaped the reward of his labors. He had risen, of course, to the rank of major in the staff in the volunteers, and everybody had prophesied that he would be appointed a major in the adjutant- or inspector-general's department in tha permanent establishment. But there were not enough places by any means, and the few vacancies went to men who knew better how to work for themselves. ' Take a lieutenancy now, and we will fix you by and by,' was the suggestion, and so it resulted that here he was three years after the war wearing the modest strap of a second lieutenant, doing the duties and accepting the responsibilities of a far higher grade, and being patronized by seniors who wore as much nis inferiors in rank as they were in ability during the war days. Everybody said it was a shame, and nobody helped to better his lot. He was a man whose counsel was valuable on all manner of subjeots. Among other things, he was well versed in all that pertained to the code of honor as it existed in the ante-bellum days, — had him self been 4out,' and, as was well known, had but recently officiated as second for un officer who had need of his services. He and Waring were friends from the start, and Cram counted on tidings of his absent sub altern in appealing to him. Great, therefore, was his oonsternation when in reply to his inquiry Reynolds promptly answered that he had neither seen nor heard from Waring in over forty eight hours. This was a facer. 4 What's wrong, Cram ?' ' Read that,* said the captain, placing a daintily-written note in the aide-de-camp's hand. It was brief, but explicit : (TC BB OOHTDTOBD.) Professor (returning home at night, hears noise) : 13 some one there ? Burglar (under the bed) : No ! Professor : That's strange ! I was positive some one was under my bed. A prize of one guinea offered for the best definition of 'life' has been awarded for the following definition : ' Life — A trial trip be fore the launch into eternity.' Visitor— -' I should think you would be afraid to give your children so much cake. Hostess — 4 1 am. Those are my next neigh bor's boys.*— Chicago Inter Ocean. *' Father (impressively) : Suppose I should be taken away suddenly, what would become of you, my boy ? Irreverent Son : I'd stay here. The question is, What would become of you? 4 Youshould have seen Dudell when I told him you were going to break his face.' 4 Why, what happened ?' 4 Nothing, only his countenance fell.' — Buffalo Courier. She — ' Why do they have favorites in horse races?' He— 'Er — to show people what blanked chumps th-*y were for not playing the outsiders.' — Buffalo Courier. Fortune-Teller : 4 You may in time make an income, but you will never be rich.' Young Man : ' Eh ? Why not P' 4 You are not saving. You are wasteful.' 4 H'm ; well, I'm afraid that is true. You have a wonderful gift. How did you know I was wasteful ?' 'You have just wasted half-a-crown in getting your fortune told,' 