WHEN THE WORLD WAS Y0UHGER. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XVII.—' TEE MOTIVE— MURDER. For Lady Karobnm and her sister September nnd October made a blank interval In the story ot life — uneventful as tho empty page at the end of a chapter. They spent those months at Farc- ham, a house which Kyaclnth detested, a neigh borhood where she had never condescended to make menus, sue conuemneu me local gentry ua a collection of nobodies, and had never taken the trouble to please the three or four great families within a twenty-mile drive, because, though they had rank and consequence, they had not fashion. Tho Uaut gout of Paris and London was wanting to them. Lord Fareham had Insisted upon leaving Lon don on the third of September, and had, his wife declared out ot pure malignity, taken his family to Fareham, a place she hated, rather than to ' Chilton, a place she loved, at least as much as any civilised mortal could love the country. Never, Hyacinth protested, had her husband been so sul len and ferocious. "He Is not like on angry man," she told Angela, "but like a wounded lion; and yet, since your goodness took all the blame of my unlucky es capade upon your shoulders, and ho knows noth ing of Da Malfort's Insolent attempt to carry me off, I see no reason why he should have become such a gloomy savage." She accepted her sistov'o sacriflco with an ami able lightness. How could It harm Angola to bo thought to havo run out at midnight for a frolic rendezvous? The maids of honor had some sucli adventure half a dozen times in a season, and were found out, and laughed at, and laughed again, and wound up their tempestuous career by marrying great noblemen. "If you can hut got yourself talked about you may marry as high as you choose," she told her sister. Early In Novembor they went back to London, and though all Hyacinth's flno people protested that the town stank of burnt wood, smoked oil, and rosin, and waa altogether odious, they re joiced not the less to be back again. Lady Fare ham plunged with renewed eagerness into the whirlpool of pleasure, and tried to drag Angela with her; hut it was a surprise to both, and to one a cause for unea3ine33, when Ills lordship be gan to show himself in scenes which he had for tho most part avoided as well as reviled. For 6ome unexplained reason he became now a fre quent attendant at tho evening festivities at. Whitehall, and without even tho pretence of being Interested or nmused there. Fareham's re-appoaranco at Court caused moro surprise than pleasure In that brilliant circle. Tho statue of the Commandante would scarcely have seemed a grimmer guest. He was there in the midst of laughter and delight, with never a smile upon hla stern features. I-Ie was silent for tho most part, or If badgered Into talking by some of his moro familiar acquaintances, would vout hl> snlRfm in a tirade that startled them as the pleasant chirpings of a poultryryard are .startled by tbo raid of a dog. They laughed at his conver sation behind his back; but in his presence, under tho angry light of those grey eyes, the gloom of those bent brows, they were chilled into submis sion and civility. He had a dignity which made his puritanical plainness more patrician than Ro chester's finery, more impressive than Bucking ham's graceful splendor. Tho force and vigor of hi3 countenance were moro striking than Sed- ley's beauty. The eyes of strangers singled him out In that gay throng, and people wanted to know who he wa3, and what he had done for fame. A soldier, yes, cela santo aux yeux. He could be nothing else than a soldier. A cavalier of tho old school. Albeit younger by hult n lifetime than Southampton and Clarendon, and tho other ghosts of the troubles. Charles treated him with chill civility. "Why docs the man come here without his wife?" he asked De Malfort. "Thero Is a sister, too, fresher and fairer than her ladyship. Why aro we to have the shadow without the sun? Yet It is as well perhaps they keep away; for I have heard of a visit which was not returned — a conde scension from a woman of the highest rank slight ed by a trumpery baron's wife, and after an offence of that kind she could only have brought us trouble. Why do women quarrel. Wllmot?" "Why are thero any men In tho world, sir? If there were none, women would live together like lambs. in a meadow. It Is only about U3 they fight. As for Lady Fareham, she Is adorable, though 110 longer young. I believe she will bo thirty on her next birthday." "And the sister? She has a wild rose pretti- ness, I thought, when I saw her at Oxford. She looked like a lily till I spoke to her, and then flamed like a red rose. So fresh, so easily startled. 'Tis pity that shyness of youthful purity wears off In a week. I dare swear by this time Mrs. Klrk- iand is as brazen as the boldest of our young houris yonder," with a glance In the direction of the maids of honoi, tho queen's and the duchess's, a bevy of chatterers, waving fans, giggling, whis pering, shoulder to shoulder with the impudontest men In his Majesty's kingdom; the men who gave their mornings to writing comedies coarser than Dryden or Ethorege, and their nights to cards, dico, and strong drink; roving tho streets, half- clad, dishevelled, wanton; beating the watch, 'and insulting decent pedestrians, with occasional vici ous outbreaks which would have been revolting In a company of Inebriated coal-heavers, and which brought these fine gentlemen before a too lenient magistrate. But were not these the manners of which Saint Evremond lightly sang — "La douce erreur ne s'appelalt point crime; Les vices dsnllcats se uommalent des ptaislrs." "Mistress Klrkland has an Inexorable modesty which would outlive evep a weok at Whitehall, sir," answered Roclioster. "If I did not adore the matron, I should worship the maid. Happily for the wretch who loves her I am otherwise en gaged." "Thou Insolent brat! To bo eighteen years of age, and think tbyseir irresistible." "Does your. Majesty suppose I shall be more attractive at six and thirty?" "Yes, villain; for at my ago thou wilt have ex perience." "And a reputation for Incorrigible vice. No wo man of taste can resist that." "And pray who Is Mrs. Klrlcland's lover?" "A Puritan baronet. One Denzil Warner." "There was a Warner killed at Hoptown Heath." "His son, sir. A fellow who believes In extem pore prayer and republican government; and swears England was never so happy or prosperous as under Cromwell." "Aud the lady favors this psalm-singing rebel?" "I know not. For all I have seen of the two, she has been barely civil to him. That ho adores her Is obvious, and I know Lady Fareham's heart is set upon the match." "Why did not Lady Fareham return tho Coun tess's visit?" There was no need to ask what countess. "Be sure, sir, the husband was to blame. If thero was' want of respect for that lovely lady. I can answer for Lady Fareham's right feeling in that matter." "The husband takes a leaf out of Ilydo's book, and forgets what may be passed over in the Lord Chancellor, and a man of prodigious usefulness is Intolerable in a person of Fareham's significance." "Nay, sire, insignificance Is scarcely tho word. I would as soon call a thunderstorm inslgnitlcant. Tho man Is a volcano, and may explode at any provocation." "Wo want no such suppressed fires at White hall. Nor do we want long faces, as Clarendon may discover some day, if his sermons grow too troublesome." "The chancellor is a domestic man, as your Majesty may Infer from tho slzo and splendor of bis new house." "He Is an expensive man, Wllmot. I believe he got more by the sale of Dunkirk than his master did." "In that case your Majesty cannot do bettor than shift all the disgrace of the transaction on to his shoulders. Dunkirk will he a suro card to play when Clarendon has to go overboard." That Incivility of Lady Fareham's In tho matter of an unrcturued visit had rankled deep in the bosom of the king's imporious mistress. To sin more boldly than woman ever sinned, and yet to elalm all the privileges and honors due to vir tue was but a trifling inconsistency in a mind so fortified by pride that It scarce knew how to reckon with shame. That she In her supremacy ot beauty and splendor, a fortune sparkling In either oar, the price of a landed estate on her neck — that she, Barbara, Countess of Castlemalno, should have driven in n wlndowless coach through dusty lanes, eating, dirt as It were, with her train her ladles in a carriage in the rear, to visit a per son of Lady Fareham's petty quality, a Bucking hamshire knight's daughter, married to a baron of Henry tho VIII.'s creation! And that this amaz ing condescension — received with a 3mlling and curtsoylng civility — should havo been unacknow ledged by any reciprocal courtesy was an .iffrcnt that could hardly be wlpod out with blood. In deed, it could never be atoned for. The wound was poisoned, and would rankle and foster to the end of that proud life. Yet, on Fareham's appearance at Whitehall, Lady Castlemalno had distinguished him with a marked civility, and even condescended, .'mlllngly, as if there were no cause of quarrel, to Inquire after his wifo. "Her ladyship is as pretty as ever, though wo aro all growing old," she said. "We exchanged curtsies at Tunbrldge Wells the other day. I wonder how It Is we never get further than smiles and curtsies? I should like to show the dear woman some more substantial civility. She is burled alive In your stately house by tho river, for want of an Influential friend to show her the world we live In." "Indeed, madam, my wlfo has all the pleasure she desires— her visiting day, lior tea-table, her friends." "And her admirers. Rochester Is always hang ing about your garden, or landing from his wherry, when I go by; or, if he himself be not visible, there are a couple of his watermen on your steps." "My Lord Rochester has a precocious wit which amuses my wife anil her sister." "And then there Is Do Malfort — an Impertinent, second only to Grammont. Ho and Lady Fare ham are twin stars. I have seldom seen them apart." "Since De Malfort has tho honor of being some what Intimate with your ladyship, he lias doubtless given you full particulars of Ills friendship for my wife. I assure you It will bear being talked about. There are no secrets in It." "Really; I thought I had heard something about a sedan which took tho wrong road after Kllll- grew's play. But that was the night before the fire. Good God! my lord, your faco darkens as If a man had struck you. Wliatovor happened before tho flro should havo been burnt out of our memories by this time." "I see his Majesty looking this way, madam, and I have not yet paid my respects to him," Fareham said, moving away, but a dazzling hand on his sleeve arrested him. "Oh, your respects will keep; he has Miss Stewart giggling at his elbow. Strange, is it not, that a woman - with as much brain as a pigeon can amuse a man who reckons himself both wise and witty?" "It is not the lady who amuses the gentleman, madam. .She has the good sense to pretend that he amuses her." "And no more understands a jest than sho does Hebrew." "Sho is conscious of pretty teeth and an enchant ing smile. Wit or understanding would be super fluous," answered Fareham, and bowed his adieu to the Sultana in chief. (To be continued.) 