A CHEERFUL TEMPER. From my father I received the best in heritance, namely a ' good temper.' ' And who was my father V That has nothing to do with the good temper} but I will sa;y he was lively, good looking, round, and fat) he was bo'h in appearance and cha tacter a complete contradiction of his profession,, ' And pray what was his pro fession and his standing in respectable society V Well, perhaps, if in the begin ning or a book these were written and printed, many, when they read it, would lay the book down and say, 'It- seems to me a very miserable title, I don't like things of this sort.' And yet my father was not a skin-dresser nor an executioner ; on the contrary, his employment placed him at the head of the grandest people of the town, and it was his place by right. He had to precede the bishop, and even the princes of the blood ; he always went first, — he was a hearse diiver ! There, now, the truth is out. And I will own, that when people saw my father perched up in front of the omnibus of death, dressed in his long, wide, black cloak, and his black-adged, three-cornered hat on his head, and then glanced at his round, jocund face, round as the sun, they could not thiuk muoh of sorrow or the grave. That face said, 'It is nothing, it will all end better than people think.' So I have inherited from him, not only my good temper, but a habit of going often to the churchyard, which is good, when done in a proper humor ; and then also I take in the Intelligencer, jast as he used to do. I am not very young, I have neither wife nor children, nor a library ; but, as I said, I read the Intelligencer, which is enough for me ; it is to me a delightful paper, and qo it was to my father. It is of great use, for it oontains all that a man requires to know; the names of the preachers at the church, and the new books which are published ; where houses, ser vants, clothes, and provisions may be obtained. And then what a number of subscriptions to charities, and what inno cent verses ! Persons seeking interviews and engagements, all so plainly and naturally stated. Certainly, a man who takes in the Intelligencer may live merrily and be buried contentedly, and by the end of his life will have such a capital stock of paper that he can lie on a soft bed of it, unless he prefers wood shavings for his resting- place. The newspaper and the churchyard were always exciting objects to me. My walks to the latter were like bathing-places to my good humor. Every one can read the newspaper for himself ; but come with me to the churchyard while the sun shines and the trees are green, and let us wander among the graves. Each of them is like a closed book, with the back uppermost, on which we can read the title of what the book contains, but nothing moro. I had a great deal of infor mation from my father, and I have noticed a great deal myself. I keep it in my diary, in which I write for my own use and pleasure a history of all who lie here, and a few more beside. Now we are in the churchyard. Here, behind the white iron railings, once a rose tree grew ; it is gone now, but a little of evergreen, from a neighbouring grave, stretches out its green tendrils, and makes some appearance ; there rests a very un huppy man, and yet while he lived he might be said to occupy a very good posi tion. He had enough to live upon, and something to spare ; but owing to his refined tastes the least thing in the world annoyed him. If he went to a theatre of an evening, instead of enjoying himself he would be quite annoyed if the machinist had put too strong a light into one side of the moon, or if the representations of the sky hung over the scenes when they ought to have hung behind them ; or if a palm tree was introduced into a scene represent ing the Zoological Gnrdens of Berlin, or a cactus in p view of Tyrol, or a beech-tree in the north ol Norway. As if these things were of any consequence ! Why did he not leave them alone ? Who would trouble themselves about such trifles ? Then gometimes the public applauded too much, or too little, to please him. ' They are like wet wood,'' he would say, looking' round to see what sort of people were' ' present, 'this evening; nothing fires then*.' Then he would vex and fret himself beoausa they did not laugh at the right 'time,' or because they laughed in the wrong places; and so he fretted and worried himself till at last the unhappy man fretled LimBeU into the grave. Here rests a happv man, that is to say, 8 man of high birth and position, which was very lucky for him, otherwise he would have been scarcely worth notice. It is beautiful to observe how wisely nature orders these things. He walked about in a coat embroidered all over, and in the drawing-rooms of society looked just like one of those rich pearl-embroidered bell- - pulls, which are only made for show : and behind them always hangs a good thick cord for use. This man also had a stout, - useful substitute behind him, who did duty for him, and performed air his dirty work. And there are still, even now, these ser viceable Cords behind other embroidered bell-ropes. It is all so wisely arranged, that a man may well be in a good humour. Here rests, — ab, it makes one feel mournful to think of him!— but here rests a man who, during sixty-Beven years, wag never remembered to have said a good thing; he lived only in the hope of having a good tidea. At last he felt convinced, in , his own mind, that he really had one, and was so delighted that he positively died of joy at the thought of having at last caught an idea. Nobody got anything by it;' indeed, no one even heard what th^ good thing was. Now I can imagine t hit this ? same idea may prevent him from resting quietly in his grave ; for suppose that to produce a good effect, it is necessary to bring out his new idea at breakfast, and that he can only make bis appearance on earth at midnight, as ghosts are believed generally to do ; why when this good idea would not suit the hour, and the man would have to carry it down again with him into the grave— that must be a troubled grave. The woman who lies here was so remark ably stingy, that during her life she would get up in the night and mew, that her neighbors might think she kept a oat. What a miser she was ! Here rests a young lady, of good family, who would always make her voice heard in society, and when sha sang 'Mi manca la voce,' it was the only true thing she ever said in her life. Here lies a maiden of another desorip* tion. She was engaged to be married,— but her story is one of every-day life ; we will leave her to rest in the grave. Here rests a widow, who, with music in her tongue, oarried gall in her heart. She used to go round among the families near, and search out their faults, upon whioh she preyed with all the envy and malice of her nature. This is a family grave. The members of Chi? family held so firmly to gether in their opinions, that they would believe in no other. If the newspapers, or even the whole world, said of a certain subject, 'It is so-and-so;' and a little school boy declared he had learned quite differently, they would take his assertion as the only true one, because he belonged to the family. And it is well known that if the yard-cock belonging to this family happened to crow at midnight, they would declare it was morning, although the watchman and all the clocks in the town were proclaiming the hour of twelve at night. The great poet Goethe concludes his .Faustwith the words, 'may be continued;' so might our wanderings in the church yard be continued. I come here of^en, and if any ot my friends, or those who are not my friends, are too much for me, I go out and choose a plot of ground in which to bury him or hpr. Then I bury them, as it were ; there they lie, dead and power less, till they come back new and better V characters. Their lives and their deeds, looked at after my own fashion, I write down in my diary, as every one ought to do. Then, if any of our friends act ab surdly, no one need to be vexed about it. Let them bury the offenders out of sight, and keep their good temper. Sarvant (applying for place)— tC And I shall want all day Sunday eff, mum.' MiBtreea— ''. 'All day Sunday ! Whatever do you mean V Servant — ' Well, you see, mum, I go cycling oa Sundays with my young man.' Tommy (studj Ing hi3 lessons)— 'I say, pa» where does tho Thames the, and Into wbat sea dooo if empty ? ' Pa—' I don't know, my son.' Tommy — ' You dou't know, eb ! And to* M-Tfivv \h\ t«:ichi-v Kill lick rau o.v. Bce-oni q{ your iguor«u(?o,' ' 