LITERARY NOTES. In a tract published at Vienna, entitled j "Der Pharao des Exodus," Dr. E. Mahler I (says the "Athenajum") sets forth a series ] of facts from ■which he arrives at the con-; elusion that the exodus of the Israelites j took place B.C. 1335, in the thirteenth year j of the reign of Barneses IT. He supports j his views by the synchronism of the reigns < of Ainenophis IV. and Bumaburras and ; Assur- uballit, which is proved by the Tell j el-Amama tablets. [It has hitherto been I held that the exodus took place in the j reign of Barneses' successor.] j I The "Spectator" of September 12 begins j ! a review of Mr. William Morris's works in j ; these words:—"On the death of the poet j Crabbe Lord Melbourne rubbed liis hands j {gleefully and 6aid, 1 am so glad when one , | of these fellows dies, because then one has I his works complete on one's shelf, and there | is an end of him.' Happily we are not in-1 [ debted to such a plea for oar gratification I [ in welcoming this fine edition of Mr. Wil- j I liam Morris's works." At the time the i article appeared Mr. Morris was suffering | his last illness, and he died a week or so later. Sir Walter Besant's first novel, "Beady Money Mortiboy," -written in collaboration with Mr. James Rice, brought in from first to last £400—that is to say, £200 apiece. They had some difficulty in getting it pub lished in volume form. "Once a Week" published it in instalments, paying for the privilege £100; bat the authors afterwards had to print it themselves and sell it on commission through a publisher. They printed 600 copies, all of which were ndhL The publisher second about £80 profit, the authors about £100, Then the cheap norm was sold to another firm for five year* for £50, and finally all remaining rights were sold oat for £100. This leaves £50 to be: accounted for. that sum bring represented by a cheque from an American firm, who sent it presumably for what are called early sheets. There is a district in India the inhabi tants of whjch got to believe that it w possible to overdo praying for rain. The story is told in "Longman's Magazine" by Mr. Andrew Lang:—"After it had not rained for many months, an English lady heard a singular set of laments, hymns, and prayers. She was informed that twelve Takeers had been put on to pray for tain,] and she remarked that as many as a donen; fakeers all praying at once might rather; overdo the effect. Next day 2tw. of rain fell in right hours, and not very much of the district was left. The inhabitants panted about on barn-doors in the rained streets of their native town. Public opinion sided with the English lady. Twelve fakeers were too many. A few weeks later thrnatives, to the number of 5,000, fled from their houses to the neigh bouring heights, on an exaggerated report that she had said she woukTnot wonder if they had some rain. The brothers Grimm, the great ■phffi icta had a mmiflove experience. Tt ~iaid*m aunt was their housekeeper, 1 upon Jacob, the elder, but as he c< bis inability to Jo the courting, VVilhdJ? the younger, undertook to propose ior fori to the lady selected by their aunt. In •course of the operation, however, he him Belt became enamoured of the ladv and stricken with remorse, fearing lest his W flier should regard him as a traitor, he con fided the situation to liiB aunt, who told Jacob, and the latter embraced Wflhdm as a benefactor, considering that he had re. lievcd him from a very unpleasant predict ment. ' A story apropos of bad handwriting ig told by the "Printers' Register" letter from Mr. Wieass came to "The Times" office in the absence of Jlr. Dg. lane, the chief editor. The signature wag a hieroglyphic scrawl, defying all efforts to decipher it, and it was printed "WiseassV A wrathful remonstrance followed, and in next morning's issue there appeared an editorial excuse from Sir George Dasent, the assistant editor. It stated that 'after a careful study of the writer's ealicraphy we came to the conclusion that a difheii existed as to deciphering the first part of the signature, but there was no mistake in the latter part.' " An anecdote about Thomas Bewicke, the ornithologist and wood engraver, who had to endure Caudle lectures, is related by Sir Wemyss Beid in the "Nineteenth Cen. tury," in an article on Northumbrian celebrities:—"Bewicke's fame was dear to the people of Tyneside, and the fact that members of bis family were still living in the place was regarded as a matter of local pride. He was a jovial person, and like most jovial persons of that generation had a weakness for late sittings at the public house, whicb represented the club of modern times. His wife did not appre ciate this side of the character of her dis tinguished husband; and her tongue was sharp and bitter. One evening, according to a legend I heard from one of Bev.icke's friends, the great man came home late re!"}' late. But when he entered the nup tial chamber, to his relief he saw that his wife was, to all appearances, wrapped in profound repose. Quickly and silently he undressed and slipped into bed. Scarcely was his head upon the pillow, however, be fore the good lady bad laid aside the mask she had chosen to don, and had begun to pour forth all her grievances in a flood of angry words. For half an hour bv the clock she continued to berate her erring spouse after the manner of Mrs. Caudle, and then paused for want of breath. 'Thomas Bewicke,' she said, as her last words, Tiast thou nothing to say for thy self?' Turning slowly in his bed, lie yawned ostentatiously, and then, as though sud denly awaking to consciousness, murmured in his softest tones, *Hinny, wast thou talking?'" At Delnvel-hall, in Northumberland, once one of the stateliest of English mansions, the work of Sir John Vanbrugh, and gene ral}- recognised as superior in beauty and majesty to Blenheim itself, an optical effect is sometimes produced which is known as the ghost. Sir Wemyss Reid de scribes in the "Nineteenth Century" the i' ; i i sight he had of it on a recent run to the i North of England:—"The greater part of i the mansion has stood for more than a 1 century in ruins. The 'wicked Delavels' | have disappeared, and the strange rites and unhelv snorts which were once carried on within the grey walls are now only matter of tradition. One of the three huge pavi lions which constitute the hall has been restored by the present owner, Lor<] Hast ings, aud he lives there on the scene of the former grandeur of an ancient family. As we drove near the front of the house, my companion bade the coachman stop, and pointed out the different features of the building to me. 'Do you see the housemaid standing at that window?7 said my host's : wife, indicating an upper window in the central pavilion. I saw someone at the spot indicated, but my defective vision did not allow me to recognise the ses or condi tion of the stranger until I had donned my spectacles. Then I saw plainly and un mistakably a woman clad in the dress of a housemaid apparently watching us as we eat in the carriage. *WeIl," I said by-and by; 'what about the housemaid V "Ob, don't you know? That is the ghost!' I laughed at the notion, for there was cer tainly nothing ghost-like about the figure I was watching. At a sign from my host, the carriage advanced a few paces, and in stantly the woman at the window vanished. I aaw at the same' moment that the window at which I had seen the figure belonged to the ruined portion of the hall. The appari tion was of course nothing more than a curious optical illusion, the effect of the lights and shadows from the carved stone work adjoining the'window; but so real was the spectral appearance, that I was not sur prised that local tradition claimed it un hesitatingly as -lite ghost of a building which, if tradition speaks truly of its former owners might Certainly well be haunted." An obituary notice of "The Vagabond" appears in the "Athensum,'' which speaks of him as "Dr.* Julian Thomas. It has beat condensed from articles in Australian papers, and it repeats some of their errors such aa the statement that "The Vagabond took charge of "The Argus" expedition to New Guinea. That expedition was under tne care of Captain Atnuk What "The Vag. did was to runt Pbrt Moresby some time afterwards to dispose of the stores whicn the expedition .hid left there. A raw1*8®* tative of "The Argus" was sent to Towns wale in September; 1883, to close up a* counts. While he was doing so "The Vaf opportunely arrived in ttelnui^ rac™'*" ins ship Elizabeth from the South Seas, and when asked to do so promptly went off to Port Moresby for the purpcie stated. On the day Mr. Thomas landed in Tome vIDe a batch of immigrants J'0"",® arrived, so one of the prat sights they®* and wondered at was ?The Vagabond, who wee strolling up and down the■ street with .his^Ums" comrade, a dome-shaped pith hat, a . of white duck, a glaring redmab, and a * volver. He was rather pleased at the effect he produced ontheuew drams. What school routine was like in the days of Leigh Hunt is told by Mr. E-B- JohnMn in "Chrisfs Hospital," one of the ^ London puNic schools:—"Wd rase to t» caU of a 'M' at «> maamer, and # » winter; and, after eombing o^^ ^ rail of auuUrar breakfaat todr m aKntit an ra#. -rrom ^ Dinner took place at 12. a"little play till i.^hen.we «-honl, and remained till 5 Ed went o « ^.inter- At(i waB the HP—.inpr. '"iu -i .f m summer 'sum"10!''a ill to Play after it m summer Uc " t • we proceeded from supper In wi":lc'. vp the school-time of the • 0,1 b" nrcup ed in church, both ^.^S andns the Bible was fiUr (iJlVB - "r„ingawl evening; and as the Jitoio was S lo us every day before every meal, and "».»cr to l)rd, besides prayers and graces, a1.„ ivilimntia uart iroinP*5 TorioukVin tlie religious part ■ rivr-lled thj- '■ ■ 1]ld tl)e Melbourne ... JllhP.*. Hi1"1 . ^ourdiitie;. s(vnc]. soine years ago trimly r1;' 1)!(, delicacies did not please Icrause the • . Qf i)read and meat sav t° ,a a") - - ' for dinner three days a tiisnally)..!'1,'"1],;,, other.days (at Christ's recti'' 11,0 m"c' v" -fjspiMl). we had a milk porridge, ludi Kptrsly thin, or rice-milk, which was better. jieie were no vegetables or puddings. Once [month wc had roast beef, and twice a Lr(l blush to think of the eageraesB with Jrhicli d Wl,s loo'^od for) a dinner of pork. fcnewas roast and the other boiled, and on The latter occasion wc had our only pud imc. which was of peas." Persons in mourning in Korea have to phmit to a good many inconveniences, as llr, f!. X. Cnizon relates in "Problems of Far East." First, there is the hat 1T..J w the tar j*-- v;onl7 Under ordinary cir rasants ,[• colof 1^5 ^viulse circumference em fehnc"? ''peasants and"bull-driven are P ort-nhle for colossal pent-houses of which almost conceal tlie eaturcs, ana ««u!w — iraces the full width of the shoulders. The noiirner lias the worst time, for, uot only nnst lie wear a somewhat similar extin uisher. hexagonal at the brim, but for a ieriodof one. two. or three years, according [obis relationship with the deceased, he is [omjielled to don a hempen robe, tied by a joiri round the waist, and to carry in front if bis mouth a small hempen screen be ween two sticks, in order, I believe, to ,eep at a proper distance the spirit of the leparted. During the period of mourning rescribed h.v an indexible regulation, he is iirtlier forbidden to marry, or indulge in ny of the lighter occupations of life; and istanees have occurred of ill-starred bride rooms, a continuous mortality among rooms, a win.... , —„ rhose relations has left them stranded high nd drv for years on the sad sands of celi ac}-. their fiancees meanwhile growing grey nd ill-favoured before their eyes." The true comicality of the Korean Court writes Mr. Curzon, iu "Problems of the arEast"), can only be properly estimated jpon one of the occasions, somewhat rare, when the king goes in state through the aty to visit some temple or tomb. Of one inch function I was tlie interested witness. From an early hour in the morning the streets were guarded by military, of a species unique in the world. The infantry Sned the roadway, and were for the most lart lying asleep upon the ground. They ad almost as many flags as men, and their nufkets, which I examined as they stood piled together, were commonly destitute either of hammer, trigger, or plate, some times of all throe, and were frequently only held together by string, while the bayonets [were lient- and rusty. Infinitely more re toarkahle, however, were the cavalry. These were clad in uniforms, probably some 300 years old, consisting of a battered helmet with a spike, and of a cuirass of black leather studded with brass bosses, and worn over a heavy jerkin of moth-eaten brocade. Enormous jack-boots completed the costume, and rendered it difficult for tbe men to mount their steeds, even although these were rarely more than eleven hands high. Banners of red, yellow, and green, with a tuft of pheasant feathers at the top, and stacks of arrows were carried in front of the officers, who were with difficulty supported by squires upon their pyramidal saddles. Tlie middle of the roadwav waR supposed to be kept clear, and was strewn with a riband of sand about a font and a half in breadth: but this was trampled upon ind scattered almost as soon as sprinlded. 