ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. Sunday last was kept as a day of great rejoicing, being the festival of Whitsun Day. There vrere celebra tions of Holy Communion at 6.45 a.m., 8 a.m., and midday, a goodly number receiving the sacrament at each servico. The midday celebration was choral, the music sung being Dykes in E. Before the celebration the " Veni Creator Spiritus " was sung to Attwood's beautiful setting, all the congregation kneeling. The incum bent preached on the doctrine sot forth by the festival, his subject being " The coming of the Holy Ghost, tho assuranceoi'faith." Achildreu'sservice was largely attended in the afternoon. Tho church was filled with a great congregation at evensong. Tho ser vice was fully choral, and the choir sang tho fine anthem, by Steggall, " God came from Teman." The Rev. W. Charles Pritchard was again tho preacher ; his subject was " Imperial responsibilities." Ho first showed that the festival of Whitsun Day was notable as the day on which the kingdom of Christ was set up in earth by the beginning of tho Christian Church. Tho test, taken from Zechariah, iv., 6, spoko of the secret of tho Church's mighty influence. Prom this tho preacher went on to speak of the growth of worldly kingdoms, instancing tho present coronation of the Czar as a demonstration on the part of Russia of her might and power. It would be the policy of British statesmen to see that at such a time our national prestigo was fully maintained. This suggested a brief review of the mighty extont of the British Empire. The secret of its power was undoub tedly due to tho spread of Christian civilisation—that was to tho infiueuccs of the spirit that prompts every good. The responsibility which rested upon us was that such influences should he extended. The work of missions was the great means of this extension. Our duty in Australia was especially to those missions which cared for the enlightenment of tho heathen in and around our own con tinent. Tho National Anthem was sung before the offertory at morning aud evening service. Tho day's re joicing closed with the hearty chant ing of the To Doum. The church was beautifully adorned for the festival, the red flowers and hangings proper for the day giving a special brightness to tho decorations. The collection for the missions made in response to the special appeal was the largest for some years past. In connection with tho Whitsuntide services there will be choral evensong to-night, when the Bev. P. H. Gibbs, of South Melbourne, will bo the preacher. 