HORTICULTURAL NOTES. Some time ago it was computed that all the vines within three miles of the phylloxera infected area at Straihfieldeaytf could be up rooted and compensation paid for a Bum of about £15.000. This estimate was based on the assumption that a radius of three mileB from one point would be sufficient This is not so, aa there are several affected areas, and a radius of - three mileB from each seat ol the disease would be necessary, the up rooting and compensating would thus mean an expenditure ot more than double the sum previously mentioned. The opening of the new wine cellars at the Dookie Agricultural College on 11th inst was the occasionof a gathering of a large number of viuculturists from Benalla, Dookie, and Shep-. parton. The building opened yesterday forms only a little more than one-fourth of the full design, but the remainder will only be added as occasion demands. The portion com pleted measures 81ft. by 32ft., the cellar having been cut out of a solid formation on the top of a hill adjacent to the vineyard, and surmounted by a brick building having valla 13ft high oovered with a Clark roof of corrugated iron. The floor is of concrete, and the cellar is fitted with swinging plat forms along which the output of the grape crashers will be carried to casks on either gide. The plana were prepared by and the work carried out under the supervision of Mr. J. A. K. Clarke, architect, of Sheppar ton. At the annual meeting of the Royal Horti cultural Society of Victoria, held at the Athensum on llth June, the year's balance ehcet and forty-sixth annual report were read and adopted. The moat gratifying feature ofthe report is the large increase of members during the past 12 months. The spring daffodil show was a great success, both as regards a fine display and from a pecuniary view. The chrysanthemum and fruit show of last April was the most extensive yet held in the colony; £110 was paid away in prizes, anil this large amount prevented the show from being such a'direot financial success as itotherwise would have been, yet it was the means of a number of new members being enrolled. At the monthly meetings exoellent exhibits had been staged, but regret was expressed at the small attendance'of members. Mr. Wm. Anderson was re * elected president; Mr. W. G, M'Beath (amateur) and Mr. James. Lang (professional) were elected vice-presidents; Mr. Wm. Bell trea surer ; Messrs. E. C. Carter, T. Pennefather, A. J. Stoddart, and W. h. P. Webber (ama tears), and Messrs. C. T. Cole, Geo. Cooper, R. Bragato, and J. Paton (professionals), were elected members of committee; Messrs. Geo. Watte and B, W, Holgate as auditors. Seven thousand pounds, it is stated, has been paid for one solitary plant by Miss Helen Gould, the gentle maiden millionaire. This lady takes a qreat pride ih tier conser vatories, and the plahtshe has paid thia enormous price1 for is a magnificent specimen of Ravenala Madegascarensis, standing a trifle over 82ft high, and nearly 100 years old. The French oall it the" travellers' tree," probably on aocountol the water which. is stored up in the large cap- tyke 6heaths of ? the leaf-stalks, and with which travellers are | Baid to allay their jhirst.; The leaves of gigantic site, somewhat like the Abyssinian banana, but arranged in two rows on op posite Bides of the arboreous stem. The tree bcommonly termedapalra, but it is more nearly related to the masas. Among the moat lingular of that singular wibe of plants, tiie orohide», ia the peristeris elata, or the "dove" plant, snd known by tae Spaniards and others at Panama, when to * natire, «s the "Holy Ghost" plantain consequence of the resemblance of the ttejtewetto a dov^howrtDg with seen in artiatio representations of the "Hoi? Ghost." The le&veB; of this singular plant, when folly developed under proper treatment, grow 5ft. to 6ft. high; these are of a pale green colour, as though in harmony with the delicate parity of the blossom. The flower stalk is about as high as the leaves, and the young buds are arranged on the stalk mncb like thoBe of the hyacinth. The flower is of a creamy-white colour, and in Shape resembles the old style English pulpit. No effort ot the imagination is re quired when looking into the centre of this strange blossom, for there in its very heart is the perfect image of a dove. Right in the cup of the blossom, with the snow-white canopy about it, rests this wondrous image. The flowers are very fragrant. Specimens of this singular plant are to be found in many of our local collectiors of orchids, but it is Beldom seen at our public flower shows. Numerous vegetables act medicinally. Asparagus is a valuable diuretic, and forms part of the cure for rheumatic patients at such'health resorts as Aix- les-Bains. Sorrel is bat little used here, although in many parts of Europe it it is in almost universal consumption. It has fine cooling properties, and forms the staple of that herb soup which a French lady will order for herself after a long and fatiguing journey. In Savoy an infusion of carrots is used as a specific for jaundice. The yellow core of this esculent is a little hard of digestion, but the outer red port is tender enough. The roots contain a quantity of sugar, and are therefore avoided by some persons. The large sweet onion is very rich in those alkaline elements which counteract the poison of rheumatic gout. If slowly stewed in weak broth, and eaten with a little cayenne pepper, it will be found to be an admirable article of diet tor patients of studious and sedentary habits. The stalks of cauliflowers have a similar value when boiled properly. Turnips are some times thought to be indigestible, but are only so when ill cooked. The cook boils them badly, then pours some butter over them, and the partaker cf such a dish is sure to be the worse for it. Chrysanthemum-growers will be interested to know the result of M. Georges Trnffaut's analysis of the chemical constituents of that flower. They are here given in the order of their importance1, lime ; 2, phosphoric acid ; 3, potash; 4, soda; o, magnesia; 6, nitrogen; 7, silica; 8, sulphuric acid ; 9, oxides of iron and manganese; 10, chlorine. In the flowers nitrogen exists abundantly, as well as phosphoric acid, magnesia, and potash ; lime exists in the leaves, and large quantities of silica in the roots. The compost recommended by M. Truffaut for the cultiva tion of this plant, as the outcome of his in vestigations, is made up as followsLeaf mould, 1 part; mould from an old cucumber bed, 1 part; coarse sand, 1 part; loam, 1 part; wood ashes, i part. Over this is dusted one per oent. of phosphate of lime. Those about to plant pear treeB in quantity should accept the advice given in a recent number of the American Agriculturist. Vic torian pear orchards are much smaller than those found in California and other parts of America; but even in our more limited plantations it has been found that better crops are assured when there are not a large number of trees of the same variety planted together. Within the last few years the pol lination of pear flowers has engaged the at tention of a few of our leading orchardists, but in America the subject has been widely taken up, and considerable space has been devoted to it in many of their horticultural papers. This has been brought about through the losses sustained by those growers who had planted large tracts of Bartlett and other pears. Instances were given where trees on the margin of the orchard bore well, while thoBe in the centre were barren. Experi ments were made under various conditions to test the pollination theory by gentlemen at various places, with one uniform result Bags and netting were placed over the unopened buds to exclude pollen from the outside; careful hand pollinations of flowers which were emasculated while yet in bud, and protected from all other pollen by paper bags, were made. The inquiry carried out by Mr. M. B. Waite, and which has just been published by the Vegetable Pathology De partment of the United States, may be sum marised thus -That many varieties of pears are partially or wholly incapable ot setting fruit, when limited to their own pollen, and therefore need cross-pollination. That Bome kinds are capable of self-fertilisation. Cross pollination must be effected by using pollen from a distinct kind, and not that from a tree of the same variety. Impotenoy of the pollen is oaused by the lack of affinity between the pollen and the ovules of the same kind. The pollen of two varieties may be self-sterile, and at the same time per fectly cross-fertile. The health of the tree and its general environments affects its, ability to set fruit either with its own pollen, or that from another tree. Bees and other insects are the agents for the transportation of pollen. Bad weather during flowering time has an injurious effect on fruitage by keeping away insect visitors, and also by affecting the fecundation of the flowers. Pears produced by selWertilisation are very uniform in shape, differing from crosses not only in sixe and shape but also in some cases in time of maturity and flavour. Self-fecundated pears are deficient in seeas, usually having abortive ones, wbile the crosses are well supplied with sound seeds. The practical conclusions drawn from the observations made are that large blocks o one variety should not be planted unless ex perience has shown it to be P"f«tiy self fertile. Mixed orchards are the best. Where a Sock of one variety which blosaoraed well and has failed to fruit for «v«ftl ve^ ^th; out any &PP;«rent reason occurs, it is exceed of cross-pollination. The remedy 3e to graft ini other varieties, and so supply foreign pollen. The value of bees is great in all orchards* The value of lime to potato crops 1b not generally known, but from recent ex periments made at the agricultural station of Rhode Island it has been found that where the land contained a sufficiency of organic matter, the application of air-slaked lime was very beneficial to the growth of potatoes. Applied at the rate of two tons per acre, the weight of good marketable tubers was raised from 63 to 74 per cent., the onlimed portion producing 37 per cent, of small tubers as against only 26 per cent, in the dressed portion. In 48 different ex periments it was found that while the total yield of potatoes was not increased by liming, the percentage of large marketable tubers was, with few exceptions, increased. In other experiments the total yield of potatoes was also increased, apparently as a result of liming. A gain of 10 per cent, in large tubers by the use of lime is considerable, but there is one drawback, as it has a tendency in some Boila to increase the potato scab. Crops of potatoes should not follow each other at close intervals ; it should be so arranged that two or three crops inter vene between the time of liming and the growing of the potatoes. The experiments made showed most corclusively that while lime itself does not produce the scab in potatoes, it does in some way favour the growth and development of the disease germs upon the tubers. 