KATE CARNEGIE. By IAN MACLAREN, Author of 'Beside the Bonny Briar Bush,' ?* Auld Lang Syne,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter III.— A Home of Many Genera tions. — ( ConiitvucA. ) Janet Macpherson was waiting in the deep doorway of the tower and gave Kate welcome as one whoae ancestors had for three genera tions served the Carnegies, since the day Black John had, married a Macpherson. 'CalFof my heart,' she cried, and took Kate in her arms. 'It iss you toster mother that will be glad to tea you in the home of your people, and will be praying that God will give you peace and good days.' Then they went up the winding stone stair with deep narrow windows and came into the dining-hall where the 50 Jacobites toasted tbe king and many a gathering had taken place in the olden time. It was 35 ft. long by 15 broad and 22 ft. high. The floor was of flags over arches below, and the bare stone walls showed at the windows and above the black oak panellinjr, which reached 10 ft. from the grouud. The fireplace was (i ft. high and so wide that two could Bit on either side within. Upon the mantelpiece the Car negie armB stood out in bold relief under the two crossed swords. One or two portraits of dead Carnegies and some curious weapons broke the monotony of the walls, and from the roof hung a finely wrought iron candelabra. The western por^ tion of the hall was separated by a screen of open woodwork and made a pleasant dining- room. A door in the corner led into the tower, which had a library, with Carnegie's bedroom above, and higher still Kate's room, each with a tiny dressing closet For the Carnegies always lived together in this tower and their guests at the other end of the hall. The library had two windows. Prom one you could look down and see nothing but the foliage of the den, with a gleam of water where the burn made a pool, and from the other you looked over a meadow witli big trees to the Tocfaty sweeping round a bend, and across to the high opposite banks covered with brushwood. First they visited Carnegie's room. ' Here have we been born and died if we did not fall in 'battle, and it's not a bad billet after all for an old soldier. Yes, that is your mother when we were married, but I like this one better,' and the general touched his breast for he carried his love next his heart in a silver locket of curious design. Three fine deerskins lay on the floor, and one side of the room was hung with tapestry ; but the moat striking piece of furnishing in the room was an oak cupboard, sunk a foot into the walL 'I'll show you something in that cabinet after luncheon, Kate ; but now let's see your room.' ' How beautiful and how cunning you have been,' and then she took an inventory of the furniture, all new, but all in keeping with the age of the room. ' You have spent far too much on a very self-willed and bad-tempered girl and all I can do is to make you promise1 that you will come up here sometimes and let me give you tea in this window seat where we 'can see the woods and the Toehty.'' ' Well. Donald,' said the general at table to his faithful servant, ' how do you tninkDnim- . tcchty.wiU suit you?! . ... ', DEFECTlVlTOR' sixor mayoe fourteen I hefbieia mefefit^j^nSb' ' hef the language, 4-iit;, not good G^uTe^^ortr poor Perthshire talk ' £pr Bsnaia ywUJSPi* Highlander and prided himself on^hlft Belfe; V speech. . -.'?', ????-??? ??-:****?&£'..??:' . ? : 'And what about a kirk, -Dpnaiat , ^rjp* you Free like Janet?' . ! rS; / ;^ r 'Oh, yes, I amJTree, but it iss' not iio Jihit' . kirk I will he going to here and I am telling Janet that she will be coring 'more about a man that has a pleasant way with him than about the trath.^. 'What's wrong with things, Donald^ since we lay in 'Edinburgh twenty years ago and you used to give me- bits of the Free Kirk - -sermons ?' '?It issaU wrong that they hef been going these last years, for . they stand to sing and they sit to pray, and they will he using human _. hymns. And it iss great pieces of the Bible they hef cut out and I am told that they are notdone yet, but aregomg from had to worse,'' and Donald invited questioning. ' What more are they after, man T 'It will be myself that has found it out, and it iss only what might be expected, but I am not saying that you will be believing me.' 'Out with it, Donald ; let's bear what kind of people we've come amongst'' ' They've been just fairly left to themselves and tbo godless bodies hef taken to watering the whisky.' Chapter IV.— A Secret GnASfBEB. ' The ? cabinet now, dad, and at once,' when they went up the stairs and were Btandiug in the room. 'Just give me three guesses about the mystery, but first let ma examine.' It was pretty to see Kate opening the doors, curiously carved with hunting scenes, and searching the interior, tapping with her knuckles and listening for a hollow sound. 'Is it a treasure we are to .find? Then that's one point. Not m the cabinet? I have it; there .is a door into some other place. Am -n't I right V ' 'Where could it-be? Wie'rcin a tower cut oil from the body of the Judge, with a room above and a room below ;' caul the general sat down to allow full investigation. . After many journeys up. and down the stair and many questions that brought no light, Kate played a woman's trick up in her room. 'The general wishes to show me the con cealed room in this tower, Janet, or whatever you caliit Would you kindly tell us how to get entrance? You needn't come down, just explain to me;' and Kate was very plea sant indeed. ' Yes, I am hearing there ie a room in the tower, Miss Kate, that strangers will not be able to find, and_ ft would be very curious if the Carnegies did. not have a tale place for an honest gentleman when he was in a little trouble. All the good housoa will have their secret places and it will not. be. -easy to find some of them. Oh no ; now I will remember one at Glamis Castle ? ' 'Never mind Glainse, nurse, for the general is waiting. Where is the spring ? Is it in the oak cabinet?' .. ' It will be good for the general to be rest ing himself after his luncheon and he will be thinking many things in his room. Oh, yea,' continued Janet, settling herself down to narrative and giving no heed to Kate's beguiling ways, 'old Mary that died near a hundred would be often telling me stories of the old days when I wass a little girl, and the one 1 liked bwt was3 a boat the hiding of the Duke of Perth.' '* You will tell me that to-morrow, when I come down to see your house, Janet, and to« day yon 'ill tell me how to open the spring.' ' But it would be a pity not to finish tho story about the Duke of Perth, for it goes well and it will be good for a. Carnegie to hear it.' And Kate flung herself into the window-seat, but was hugely interested all the same. ' Mary was sitting at her door in the even ing, ajid that ifould be three days after Cullo den, for the news had been sent by a sure hand - from the laird, when a man came riding along the road and as soon as Mary saw him she knew he was somelwdy ; but perhaps it will be too long a story,' aud Janet began to arrange dresses in a wardrobe. ' No, no ; as you have begun I want to hear the end ; but quick, for there's the room to see and the rest of the Lodge before it grows dark. What like was he T ' He '.vass a man that looked as if he would be commanding, but his clothes were common grey and stained with the road. He was very tired and coujd hardly hold himself up in the saddle, and lus horse wass covered with foam. ''Is this Tochty Lodge V he asked, soften ing iiis voice aa one trying to speak humbly. .' I am passing this way and have a message for Mistress Carnegie ; think you that I can have speeoh of her quietly f 'So Mary will go up and tell the lady that, one wass waiting to see her and tliathe seemed a noble gentleman. When they came down to tbe courtyard he had drawn water for his horse from the well and wass giving him to drink, thinking more of the beast that had borne him than of hie own need, as became a man of birth. 'At the sight of the lady he took off hia1 bonnet and bowed low and asked if be , might have a private audience, to which Mistress Carnegie replied, 'We are private here,' and asked, 'Have you been with my sonf ' ' We fought together for the Prince three days since — my name is Perth. I am escap ing for my life and desire a brief rest, if it please you and bring no danger to your house.' ' ' Yo had been welcome, my Lord Duke,' and Mary used to show how her mistress straiglrtenened herself, 'though you were the poorest soldier that had drawn hia sword for the good cause, and ye wi33 stay here till it be safe for you to escape to France.' _ 44 He was four weeks hidden in the room, and although the soldiers searched all tho house they could never find the place, and! Mrs. Carnegie put scorn upon them, asking whv they did her bo much honor and whontf they sought Ob, yes, it woes a cunning plaoft for the bad times, and you will be pleased to # see it.' . 'And the secret Janet,' cried Kate, her hand upon the door; yon know it quit* welL' 'So does the general, Catherine of my heart,' said Janet, 'and he will be liking to show it himself.' €o Kate departed in a rage and gave 4 orders that there be no more delay, for she would not spend an afternoon seeking for rat*. holes. ' No- rat-hole. Kit, hut » very fair chamber for a hunted man: it iB 20 years and more: eiiioe ttis door opened last, for none knows ^Hf r» w I-* trick of it save Janet and myself. There it gees.' ' 1 A panel in the back of the cabinet slide aside behind its neighbor and left a passage through which one could squeeze himself with an etfort. ' W-j go up a stair now and must have light— a candle will do ; the air is perfectly pure, for there's plenty of ventilation;' and then they crept up by steps in the thickness of the waila till they stood in a chamber under Bix feet high, but otherwise as large as the bedroom below. The walls were lined with wood and there were two tiny slits that pave * air, but hardly any light. The only furniture in the room was an oaken chest, clasped with iron and curiously locked. 'Our plate chest, Kit ; but there's not much silver and gold in it, worse luck for you, lassie; in fact, we're a pack of fools to set store by it. There's nothing in the kist but some old clothes and perhaps some buckles and such like. I daress-v there iB a lock of hair also. Borne day we will have a look inside.' 'To-day, instantly,' and Kate shook her father. 'You are a dreadful hypocrite, for I can see that you would rather Tochty were burned down than this box be_ lost. Are there any relies of Prince Charlie in it ? Quick.' 'Be patient; it's a difficult key to turn; there now ;' but there was not much to see — only pieces of woollen cloth tightly folded down. 'Call Janet, Kate, for she ought to see this Opening, aud we will carry everything down to my room, for no one could tell what like things are in this gloom. 'Yes, Perth lived here for weeks, and used to go up to the gallery where Black John!s mother sat with her maid ; but the son was hiding in the North and never reached his house till he came to die.' First of all they came upon a ball dress of the formsr time of white silk, with a sash of Macpheraon tartan beside much fine lace. 'That is the dress your grandmother wore as a bri;io at the Court of Versailles in the seventies. She was only a lassie and seemed like her husband's daughter. The Prince danced with her and they counted the dress something to be kept, and that night Lochiel and Cluny also had a reel with Sheena Carrsi iji«, while Black John looked like a young man, for he had been too sorely wounded to be able to dance with her himself.' And then the general carried down with his own h ands a Highland gentleman's evening dress, trews of the Royal tartan, and a velvet coat with silver buttons and a light plaid of fine cloth. 'And this was her husband's dress that night ; but why the Stewart tartan ?' ' No, lassie, that is the suit the Prince wore at Hqlyrood, where he pave a great ball after Prestosij.'tius and danced with the Edinburgh ladies.' 1 1 was smuggled across to France at Lost with other things of the Prince's, and he gave it to Carnegie.' ' It will remind you of our great days,' be said, 'when the Stewarts saw their friends in Mary's palace,' Last of all the general lifted out a. casket and hiid it ohv his table. Within it was a broojli. such as might once have been worn eiU)i-r by a man or a woman ; diamonds set in gold and in the midst a lock of fair hair. 'la it really, father?' Aud Kate took the jewel in her hand. 'Yes, the Prince's hair — his wedding pre Bent to Shemia Macpbersoii.' Kate kissed it fervently and passed it to Janet', who placed it carefully in the box, while the general made bolievo to laugh. ' Your mother wore the brooch on great occasions and you will do the same, Kit, for auld lang syne. There are. two or three families left in Perthshire that will like to see it on your breast.' 'Yes, aud there will maybe be more than two or three that will like to see the lady that wears it.' Th is from J anet. '? Your compliments area little late and you may keep them to yourself, Janet ; it would have been kinder to tell me. . . .' ' Tell you what V' And the General looked very provoking. ' I hate to be beaten.' Kate first looked angry aud then laughed. 'What else is there to see :' 'There is the gallery, which is the one feature in our poor house, and we will try to reach it from the duke's hiding-place, for it was a cleverly-designed hole and had its stair up as well as down.' And tlien they all came out into 0110 of the strangest rooms you could find in Scotland and one that left a pleasant picture in their minds who had seen it lit of a whiter nijilit, and the wood burning on the hearth and Kate dancing a reel with Lord Hay or some other brisk youngman. while the general looked on from ouo of the deep window recesses. Thfs gallery extended over the hall and Kate's drawing-room and measured CO ft. long from end to end. The upper p:irt of the walls wns divided into com partments by an arcading, made of painted pilasters and flat arches. Each compartment had a motto and this was on one Bide of the fireplace — A ? nice ? wyfe ? and A ' bacl: dooio Oft * tnakclh ' a rich Man ? pooie. And on the other — Give libcralye To neitif vl ? folke ? Denyc ? nane ? of ? Them ? al ? lot ? Htle Thow ? kjiawest ? heir In ' this lyfe ? of what Chaunce ? way ? the Befall. The glory of the gallery, however, was its ceiling, which was of the KBventeonth century woVk and so wonderful that many learned persona used to come and study it. After the great disaster when the Lodge was sold and allowed to fall to pieces tliis fine work weut first, and now no one examining its remains could have imagined how wonderful it was and in its own way how beautiful. This ceil ing was of wood, painted, and semi-elliptical in form, and one wet day, when we knew not what else to do, Kate and I counted more than three hundred panels. It was an arduous labor for the neck and the general refused to help us ; but I am sure that we did not make too many, for we worked time about while the general took note of the figures, and our' plan was that each finished his tale of work at some amazing Least, so that we could make no mis take. Some of the panels wore circles, and they wore filled in with coats of arms ; some were tsuuiu-ea, and they contained a bestiary of that day. It was hard indeed to decide whether the circles oc. the squares were mora interesting. The former had the arms of every family in Scotland that had the remotest connection with the Carnegics, and besides ^ swept in a wider field, comprising David King of Israel, who was placed near Hector of Troy, and Arthur of Brittany not far from Moses— all. of whom had appropriate crests and mottoes. In the centre were the arms of our Lord Christ as Emperor of Judea and the chief part of them was the cross. ' But it came upon one with a curious shock to bee this coat among the shields of Scottish nobles. There were beasts that could be recognised at once and these were sparingly named ; but others were astounding and above them Were inscribed titles such as these— Shoe-lyon, Musket, Ostray ; and one fearsome animal in the centre was designated the Ram of Arabia. This display of heraldry aud* natural history was reinforced by the cardinal virtues in seven teenth century dress— Charitas as an elderly female of extremely forbidding. aspect receiv ing two very imperfeotly-clad children ; and Temperantia as a furious-looking person male on the whole rather than female — pouring some liquor, surely water, from a jug into a cup, with averted face and leaving little to be desired. The afternoon sun shining in through a western window and lingering among the blank and white tracery, so that the marking of a shield came into relief or a beast suddenly glared down on one, bad a weird, old-world effect. 'It's half an armory and half a menagerie,' said Kate, 'and I think we'll have tea in the library with the windows open to the Glen.' And so they sat together in quietness with books of heraldry and sport and ancient Scot tish classics and such like round them, while Janet went out and in. 'So Donald has been obliged to leave his kirk;' for Kate had not yet forgiven Janet. *' He says it's very bad here ; I hope you won't go to' such a place.' 'What would Donald Macdonald be saying against it?' enquired Janet severely. _ 'Oh, I don't remember— lots of things. He thought you were making too much of the minister.' 'The minister iss a good man and hass some Highland blood in him, thouph he hass lost his Gaelic, and he will be very pleasant in the house. 'If I wass seeiug a sheep, and it will be putting on this side and that and quarrelling with everybody, do you know what I will be thinking V' 'That's Donald, I suppose ; well?' ' I will say to myself that sheep iss a goat.' And Janet left the room with the laurels of victory. Chaptee V.— Concerning Besoms. 'It is one of the miseries of modern life, for which telephones are lees than compensation, that ninety out of a hundred city folk have never known the comfort and satisfaction of, dwelling in a house When the sashes are' flying away from the windows and the skirting boards from the floor and the planks below your feet are a finger breadth apart and the pipes arc death-traps, it does not matter that the walls are covered by art papers and plastered over with china dishes. This erection wherein human beings have to live and work and fight thoir sins and prepare for eternity is a fraud and a lie. No man compelled to exist in such an environment of unreality can respect himself or other people ; and if it come to pass that he holds cheap views of life, and reads smart papers, and does sharp things in business, and that his talk be only a clever jingle, then a plea in extenuation will be lodged for him at the Great Assize. Small wonder that he comes to regard the world of men as an empty show and is jfull of cynicism who has shifted at brief intervals from one shanty to another and never had a fit dwelling-place all his years. When a prophet cometh from the Eternal to speak unto modern times as Dante did unto the Middle Ages and constructs the other world before our eyes, he will have one circle in his hell for the builders of rotten houses, and doubtless it will be a collection of their own works, so that their sin will be its punishment, as is mo3t fitting and the way of things. Surely there will ateo be some corner of heaven kept for the man who, having received a charge to build the shell wherein two people were to make a home, laid its foundations deep and raised strong walls that nothing but gun powder could rend in pieces, and roofed it over with oaken timber and lined it with the same, so that many generations might live therein in peace and honor. Such a house was the lodge in those days, although at last beginning to show signs of decay, and it somehow stirred up the heroic spirit of the former time within a man to sit before the big fire in the hall, with grim Caruegries looking down from the walls and daring you to do any meanness, while the light blazing out from a log was flung back from a sword that had been drawn in the '15. One was unconsciously rein fcrced in tlie secret place, of his manhood, and inwardly convinced that what concerneth every maii is not whether he fail or succeed, but that he do his duty according to the light which may have been given him until he die. It was also a regeneration of the soul to awake in a room of the eastern tower where the Carnegies' puests slept, and fling up the window, with its small square panes, to fill one's lungs with the snell northern air, and look down on tho woods glistening in every leaf, and the silver Tochty just touched by the full risen sun. Miracles have been wrought in that tower, for it happened once that an Ediuburgh advocate came to stay at the lodge, who spake after a quite mar vellous fashion, known neither in England' nor Scotland ; and being himself of pure bourgeois blood, the fifth son of a factor, felt it necessary to despise his land, f roni its kirk downwards, and had n collection of japes at Scottish ways, which in his provincial sim plicity he offered to the Camegies. It seemed to liim certain that people of Jacobite blood and many travels would have relished his clever talk, for it is not given to a national decadent to understand cither the people he has deserted or the ancient houses at whose door he stands. Carnegie was the dullest man living in the matter of sneering, and Kate took an instant dislike to the mincing little man, whom she ever afterwards called the Popinjay, and so handled him with her tongue that his superiority waa mightily shaken. But there was good stuff in the advocate besides some brains, and aftor a week'* living iu tho Lodge he forgot to wear his eye-glass and let his r's out of cap tivity and attempted to make love to Kate, which foolishness that masterful damsel brought to speedy confusion. It wa3 also said that when bo went back to the Parliament House every one could understand what he 6aid, and that he got two briefs in one week, which shows how good it is to live in an ancient house with honest people. ' Is there 'a ghost, dad ? They were sitting before the fire in the hall after dinner— Kate in her favorite poBture, leaning' forward and nursing her knee. The veterans and I thought that she always looked at her best so, with her fine eyes fixed on the fire, and the light bring ing her face into relief against the shadow. We saw her feet then— one lifted a little from the ground— and V. C. declared they were the smallest you could find for a woman of her size. 'She knows it, too,' he used to say, 'for when a woman has big feet she always keeps them tuoked in below Jier pown. A woman with an eight size glove and feet to correspond is usually a paragon of modesty and strong on women's rights.' 'Kate's glove is number six and I think if s a size too big,' broke in the colonel— we were all lying in the sun on a bank below the beeches at the time, and the colonel was under stood to be preparing a sermon for some meet ing — 'but ifs a Btrong little hand and a steady ; she used to be able to strike a shilling in the air at revolver practice.' 'Ghost, lassie. On, in the lodpre, a Car negie ghost— not one I've ever heard of; so you may sleep in peace and I'm below if you feel lonely the first night.' ' You are most insulting ; one would think I were a milksop. I was hoping for a ghost —a white lady by choice. Did no Carnegie murder his wife, for instance, through jealousy or quarrelling ?' 'The Camegies have never quarrelled,' said the general with much simplicity; 'you see the men have been generally away fighting, and tho women had never time to weary of them.' ' Isro woman ever wearies of a man unless he be a fool and gives in to her — then she grows sick of him. Life might be wholesome, but it would have no smack ; it would be like meat without mustard. If a man cannot rule he ought not to marry, for his wife will play the fool iu some fashion or other like a run away horse and he has half the blame. Why did he take the box-seat ?' and Kate nodded to the fire. ' What are you laughing at ?' 'Perhaps I ought to be shocked, but the thought of anyone trying to rule you, Kit, tickles me immensely. I have had the reins since you were a bairn and you hare been a handful. You were a 'smatchit' at 6 years old and a ' trimmie' at 12, and you a qualifying for the highest rank in your class.' ' What may that be, pray ? it seems to me that the Scottish tongue is a perfect treasure house for impertinent people. How Scots must congratulate themselves that they need never be at a loss when they are angry or even simply frank.' 'If it comes to downright swearing, you must go to Gaelic,' said the general, branching oif. 'Donald used to be quite con temptuous of any slight efforts at profanity in the barrack-yard, although they sickened me. .' 'Toots, colonel; ye do not need to be troubling yourself with such poor little words, for thsy are just nothing at all and yet the bodies will be saying them over and over again like parrots. ' ' 'Now, aLochabar man could hofbeensaying what lie was wanting for fifteen minutes, and nefer hef used the same word twice unless he had been forgetting his Gaelic. It'sapeauti ful language, the Gaelic, when you will not be fery well pleased with a man.' ' ' That is very good, dad, but I think we were speaking in Scotch, and you have not told me that nice complimentary title I am living to deserve. Is 'cutty' the disreputable word? for I think I've passed that rank already ; it sou nd s q uite f am il iar. ' 'No, it's a far more fetching word than 'cutty,' or even than 'randy' (scold), which you may have heard.' 'I have,' replied Kate instantly, 'more than once, and especially after I had a difference in opinion with Lieutenant Strange. You called me one or two names then, dad — in fact you were quite eloquent ; but you know that he was a bad fellow and that the regiment was well rid of him ; but I'm older now, and I have not heard my promotion.' ' It's the most vigorous word that Scots have for a particular kind of woman.' ' Describe her,' demanded Kate. 'One who has a mind of her own,' began the General carefully, 'and a way, too, who is not easily cowed or managed, who is not ... ' 'A fool,' suggested Kate. ' Who is not conspicuously soft in manner,' pursued the General, with discretion, 'who might even have a temper.' ?' Not a tame rabbit; in fact. I understand what you are driving at and I know what a model must feel when she is being painted. And now kindly pluck up courage and name the picture.' And Kate leant back, with her hand behind her head, challenging the general —if he dared. 'Well'?' ' Besom.' And he was not at .all ashamed, for a Scot never uses this word without a ring of fondness and admiration in his voice, as of one who gives the world to understand that ho quite disapproves of this audacious woman, wife or daughter of his, but is proud of her all the time. It is indeed a necessity of his nature for a Scot to have husks of reproach containing kernels of compliment, so that he may let out his heart and yet preserve his character as an austere person, destitute of vanity and sentiment. ' ,. ' ' Accept your servant's thanlcs, my general. I am highly honored.' And Kate made a sweeping curtsey, whereupon they both laughed merrily ; and a log blazing up sud denly made an old Carnegie smile who had taken the field for Queen Mary and was the very man to have delighted iu a besom. ' When I was here in_. June ' — and the general stretched himself in a deop red leather chair — 'I stood a while one evening watching a fair-haired, blue-eyed little maid who was making a daisy-chain and singing to herself in a garden. Her mother came out from the cottage, and, since she did viol; see me, de voured the child with eyes of love. Then something came into her mind — perhaps that the good man would soon be home for supper; she rushed forward and seized the child, as if it had been caught in some act of mischief. ''Come into the hoose, this meenut, ye little beesom, an' say yir carritches. What's the chief end o' man V ' ' Could she have been so accomplished at that ag* ?' Kate enquired, with interest. 'Are you wire about the term of endearment ? Was the child visibly flattered ?' ' She caught my eye as they passed in and flung me a smile like one excusing her mother's fondness. But Davidson hears better things, for as soon as he appears the younger members of a family are taken from their porridge and set to their devotions. -. ' 'What are ye glowerin' at there, ye little utty ? Toom (empty) yir mooth this meenut and say the twenty-third Psalm to the ininis^ tor.' -'.-?? : ' Life seems full of incident, and the women make the play. What about the men? Are' they merely a chorus? ' A stranger spending a week in one of our farmhouses would be ready to give evidence in a court of justice that he had never seen women so domineering or men so submissive as in Drumtoohty. ' And why 1 Because the housewife who sits in church as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth speaks with much fluency and vigor at home, and the man says nothing. ' His normal state is doing wrong and being scolded from morning till night— for going out without his breakfast, for not cleaning his boots when he comes in, for spoiling chairs by sitting on them with wot clothes, for spilling his tea on the tablecloth, for going away to market with a dusty coat, for visiting {the stable with his Sunday coat, for not speaking at all to visitors, for saying things he oughtn't when he does speak— till the long-suffering man, raked fore and aft, rushes from the house in desperation and out side remarks to himself by way of consolation, *Losh keep's, there's nae livin' wi' her the day ; her tongue's little better than a thresh in?-milL' 'His confusion, however, is neither deep nor lasting and in a few minutes he has started for a round of the farm in good heart, once or twice saying 'Sail' in a .way that bIiows a lively recollection of his wife's gifts.' 'Then the men love to be ruled,' began Kate, with some contempt ; 'it does not give me a higher idea of the district.' 'Wait a moment, young woman, for all that goes for nothing except to show that the men allow the women to be supreme in one sphere.' ' In the dairy, I suppose ?' 'Perhaps; and a very pleasant kingdom, too, as I remember it, when a hot, thirsty, tired laddie, who had been fishing or ferreting, was taken into the cool, moist, darkened place and saw a dish of milk creamed for his benefit by some sonsy housewife. 'Sandie and I used to think her omnipo tent and heard her put the gude man through his facings with awe, but by-and- bye we noticed that her power had limits. When the matter had Jo do with anything serious, sowing or reaping or kirk or market, his word was law. 'He said little, hut it wsp final, and she never contradicted ; it was rare to hear a man call his wife by name ; it was usually ' gude wife,' and she always referred to him as the 'maister.' And without any exception, these silent, reserved men were 'maister;'- they had a look of authority.' 'They gave way in trifles, to rule in a crisis, which is just my idea of masculine govern ment,' expatiated Kate. 'A woman likes to say what she pleases and have her will in little things ; she has her way, and if a man corrects her because she is inaccurate and nags at her when she does anything he does not approve, then he is very foolish and very, try ing, and if she is not quite a saint she will make him suffer. 'Do you remember Dr. Pettigrew, that prim little effigy of a man, and his delightful Irish wife, and how conversation used to run when he was within hearing ?' 'Glad to have a tasting, Kit,' and the general lay back in expectation. ' 'Oi remember him, as foine a young officer as ye would wish to see, six feet in his boots.' ' ' About five feet ten, I believe, was his exact height, my dear.' ' ' Maybe he wasn't full grown then, but he was a ?'good upstanding man and as pretty a rider as ever sat on a horse. Well, he was a Warwickshire man. . . ' / ' ' Bucks, he said himself.' ' ' He was maybe born in both counties for all you know.' ' ' Aletha,' with a cough and reproving look. ''At any rate Oi saw him riding in a steeplechase in the spring of 'Gi) at Aldershot.' ' ' It must, I think, have been 'CG. We were at Gibraltar in '67. Please be accurate.' ' 'Bother your accuracy, for ye are driving the pigs through my story. Well Oi was telling ye about the steeplechase Jimmy Brook rode. It was a mile and he had led for half and so he was just four hundred yards from the post.' ' ' A half would be 8S0 yards.' ' ' Oi wish from my heart that geography, arithmetic, memory, and accuracy, and every other work of Satan were drowned with Moses in the Red Sea. Go, for any sake, and bring me a glass of irritated water.' ' 'Capital,' cried the General. 'I heard that myself, or something like it. Pettigrew was a tiresome wretch,'but he was devoted to his wife in his own way.' 'Which was enough to make a woman throw things at him as very likely Aletha did when they were alone. What a fool he was to bother about facts ; the charm of Lithy was that she had none— dates and BucliMike would have made her quite uninteresting. The only dates I can quote myself are the rebel lion and the mutiny, and I'll add '75 when we came home. I don't like datey women ; but then it's rather cheap for one to say that who doesn't know anything.'' and Kate sighed very becomingly at the contemplation of her ignorance. 'Except French, which she speaks like a Parisian, murmured the General. 'That's a fluke, because I was educated at the Scotch convent with those dear old absurd nuns who were Gordons, and Camerons, aud Macdonalds, and didn't know a word of English.' 'Who can manage her horse like a rough rider,' continued the General, counting on his finger, 'and danco like a Frenchwoman and play whist like a half-pay officer, and ? ' ' That's not education ; those are simply the accomplishments of a besom. You know, dad, I've never read a word of Darwin and I got tired of George Eliot and went back to Scott' 'I've no education myself,' said the General ruefully, 'except the Latin the old dominie thrashed into me and some French which all our set in Scotland used to have and . . . I can hold my own with the broadsword. When I think of allw,those young officers now I wonder we old clmps were fit for any thing.' ' Well, you see, dad,' and Kate began to count also, ' you were made of steel wire and were never ill : you could march for a day and rather enjoy a tight in the evening ; you would go anywhere and the men kept just 18 in. behind ; you alwavB knew what the enemy was going to do before he did it and you always did what he didn't expect you to do. That's not half the list of your accomplish ments, but they make a good beginning for a fighting man.' 'It will be all mathematics in the future, . . ? ,..'.;_? ..?.?'..?? ... . ; . ., ,.. i'*;- -;.-v'*vf Kit* and there will be no fighting at close qofti' Trty ten. The officers will wear gldves and epeo -: tacles — but where are we now,- grumbling as if -x-, we were sitting in a club window? Besides, ' -' these young fellows can fight as well as pass -v exams. You were saying that it was a shame '. - ; of a man to complain of his wife flirting,' - and the General Btudied the ceiling. ; — 'You know that I never said anything of . ' ' the kind, but some women are flirty in a nice ''- way, just as some are booky, and some-are dressy, and some are witty, and some are :.. horsey; and I think a woman should be her self. I Bhould say ihe right kind of man would be proud of bis wife's strong point and give her her liberty.' 'He is to have none, I suppose, but just be a foil to throw her into relief. Is he to be allowed any opinions of his own? . , . It , looks hard, that cushion, Kit, and I'm an old, ' broken-down man.' 'You deserve leather, for you know what I think about a man's position quite welL If he allow himself to be governed by his wif« in serious matters he is not worth calling t man.' ? - ' Like poor Major Macintosh.' ' Exactly. What an abject he was before that woman, who was simply ? ' 'Not a besom, Kate,' interrupted the General anxiously, afraid that a classical word was to be misused. ' Certainly not, for a besom must be nice and at bottom a lady — in fact a woman of de cided character.' 'Quite so. You've hit the bull's-eye, Kit, and paid a neat compliment to yourself. Have you a word for Mrs. Macintosh V ? 'A vulgar termagant' — the General in dicated that would do — 'who would call - her husband an idiot aloud before a dinner table, and quarrel like a fishwife with people in his presence. ' Why, he daren't call his Boul his own ; he belonged to the kirk, you know, and there was a Scotch padre, but she marched him off to - our service, and if you had seen him trying to find the places in the prayer book. If a man hasn't courage enough to stand by his faith he might as well go and hang himself. Don't - you think the first thing is to stick by your religion, and the next by your country, though, it cost one his liie V 'That's it, lassie ; every gentleman does.' 'She was a disgusting woman.' continued Kate, 'and jingling with money ; I never saw so many precious stones wasted on one woman; they always reminded me of a jewel in a swine's snout.' ' Kate ! ' remonstrated her father, 'that's ? ' ' Bather coarse, but it's her blame, and to hear Mrs. Macintosh calculating what each officer had — I told her we would live in a lodge at home and raise our own food. My opinion is that her father was a publican ana I m sure she had once been a Methodist.1' 'Why?' 'Because she was so churchy, always talk* : ing about celebrations and vigils and explain* ing that it was a sin to listen to a Dissenting chaplain.' : , 'Then, Kate, if your man — as they say here — tried to make you hold his views ?' 'I wouldu't, and I'd hate him.' 'And if he accepted yours?' ' Pd despise him,' replied Kate promptly. ' You are a perfect contradiction.' 'You mean I'm a woman and a besom, and therefore I don't pretend to be consistent or logical or even fair, but I am right.'V Then they went up the west tower to the General's room, and looked out on the woods _?; and the river, and on a field of ripe corn upon the height across the river, flooded with the moonlight. ' 'Home at last, lassie, you and I, and another not far off, maybe.' _ ?' Kate kissed her father and said, 'One in love, dad . . . and faith.' (To be continued.) - 