FICTION. A Gold Coast Mystery. 9 Prom the London Weekly Telearavh, The Royal Mail Steamship Maboona was steering Blowly along the Gold Coast, bound from Accra to Liverpool, and the passengers, lying about in deck cnairs, gazea lazuy ouc rroin unaer iub shade of double awnings across the glittering water at the long coast line, which unrolled itself like a panorama before them. Long lines of yellow beach, where the blue Atlantic rollers broke in sheets of snowy foam, low bluffs crowned with great cot ton wood trees, clusters of native huts lyiDg beneath the shade of feathery palms, roaring surf-covered bar and river mouth, all came into sight, and disappeared as the steamer rolled along, until, lying some distance behind the coast among what ap peared to be miles of mangrove swamp, a lonely flat-topped mountains rose in view. The summit could be plainly seen against the blue tropic sky, but the upper slopes were covered with wreaths of mist, which was strange, as the rest of the landscape lay sharp and clear in the sunlight. That must be the Ghost Mountain our black passengers tell us the strange tales about. By the way, you promised to tell us about the time you went to the top, Commissioner, said the Doc tor, turning to District Commissioner Odd jr, who lay hack in a cane chair. The latter was a slightly made, spare man, who was returning home in valided, haggard and yellow in the face from the climate and fever, but still showing by the flash of his eye, and the iirm moutb, traces of energy and de cision. He turned to the Doctor, and answered : Yes, I lived — and several times nearly died — in sight of it for three rears', but although I once tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives say no onebut a Ju Ju man ever reached the summit and lived. Ilere the passengers drew in their chairs to listen, and the Commissioner continued : It was some twenty years ago that Jevons, a trading agent, and myself sat out on the verandah of my house, smoking an after dinner cigar. It had been a trying day, as hot as fire, and at night it was if possible worse ; the in side of the room resembled an oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze stirred, bringing with it the usual smell of burning wood, orange flowers, and lilies, mixed with the foul odors of mud and swamp, and although there was considerable risk of fever, it was just possible to breathe there, which you couldn't do inside. After we had smoked a while in silence, Jevons stretched out his hand, and pointed across the miles of dense forest and mangrove swamps that lay beneath the bright moonlight, opening out here and there to show the glisten ing surface of a broad river reach, or the foul black mud of a tidal lagooD, to here the Ghost Mountain stood out carly against the sky, with a silver a|4s of mist wrapping its lower m shall we climb that wonderful moln, Oddy ? . . ' v enever you wish ; to-morrow if you In j answered. We were both youDg, at |jea(j fuj 0f tjje varied ?nfOqation jn departmental books, I tho,ht I knew everything about Africa Q(j j£s natives. I have changed my m. Bjnce and am -just beginning to lean a little now — while Jevons, a burly xi-faced Englishman, was firmly conviLe(j that there was nothing worth knog except how to make 2o per cent prob for hia firm by cheating the native both of us laughed at the svperstitiononceiW the mountain bo having decked to go I called fo.- my Shantee boy, h6w my whistle for Sergeant Arnun. and Ivossao, for there were ten Ha-issas attached to the station. A few moments later the two Baus sas, who are, asyou know, Mohammedan black troops, entered. Pine, tall men they are, from the far interior, with features much finer than those of the Coast tribes, dressed in brow-a J£arri uniform and a red fez. While ti.ev stood at attention, I told the boy to hg two hammocks and eightbearers ready by sunrise on the morrow. At this he urged us to abandon the idea, saying that for four hundred years no onebut a ,1 u Ju priest had ever reached the summit without either dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. How ever, we both laughed at the superstit ious idea, and turning to the black ser geant, I said : Are you, too, afraid to go, Arnum, Mountains be great Ju Ju, sah ; not good to meddle with the Eetish of the heather ;but where Commissionah go, Arnum and Kossoo go too, even though the mountain be full of devils, was the faithful fellow's answer. That is the nature of the Mahommedan. Treat him fairly and lead him well, and he will follow you through Hades. We started at daybreak next morn ing, travelling as far as we could in our hammocks, with plenty of black carriers, until the bush became so thick that we had to go on foot. I remember the morning well, the bright sunshine" 'and brilliant flowers where the forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness and wreaths of mist that lay around the trunks where the great branches met above us, every tree festooned with banging creepers. We did not know then that this mist might mean quick death, and that the smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half repulsive, was generally full of fever. On we went, winding in and out among the trees, now crossing a clear space, and again cutting our way with hatchets through the thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped beside a little creek, and I lay awake until dawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and the voices of the forest, and- watching the fireflies flashing in the grass. In the morning we made an early start, and after a hard day's march, climbling and stumbling- among man grove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in the pools of fathomless mud that abound in these swamps, we camped at sunset under the mountain itself. Dividing us from it ran a broad, shallow Btream, rippling plea santly over a sandy bed, only to Iobo itself lower down among the rotten ness and slime of a mangrove swamp. The moon shone brightly on the water, and in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, hut the mountain in- front lay wrapped in a dark cloud of mist, out of which we could hear the rustling of trees and the moaning of a night breeze. Our bearers, in spite of the liberal pay promised them, showed signs of mak ing off, declaring that none of us would return alive, and it was only by threats that we could induce them to remain. (To be continued). 