STEN OGHAMS. Things in General and Nothing in Particular. By 'The Innocent.' i Tbe police officials at St. Kilda and the local O.P.S. evidently do not imbibe from the same tea cup. The O.P.S. is a stickler for bis j rights and privileges, and the ser geant in charge is ditto. The ser- 1 geant declines to taxc any responsi bility for the clerical work that is the proper duty of tho Clerk of Petty Sessions, and the latter says that the policeman will have to, as he is 44 too busy.' Then tho jus tices have a cause of complaint, too. The court is only opened two days a week, and drunks and criminals generally will persist in offending on other days. This necessi tates the attendance of a justice at tho watchhouse to remand the delinquent to the usual court day! and the justices have 'jib- bed.' Now the Minister of Justice is to be asked to chip in. And it may be remarked right here that if St. Kilda is worthy of a court, let it have a proper one; and not a shandygaff sort of hall of justicc — the pure liquor or nothing. And,, also, what right has any Minister of Justice to decide that if a druuk is run in on a Tuesday afternoon he shall remain until the following Friday to be dealt with? It is almost enough to make a St. Kilda man swear off. # # # # * But it is preposterous to suppose that a man, who may be friendless and moneyless, may by lining himself too freely with malt liquor, receive several days' incarceration without a chance. If he is in a ' good posi tion' there is bail avaliable, and a donation to the poor box does the rest. But if he isn't? Something should be done ; and water is my future tipple at St. Kilda until defi- I nitely seized of all possible conse quences of an overdose of ' ink.' And we have the dictum of the Chairman of the Prahran Bench that ' it is many a good man's fault.' Yet the authorities make it almost a criminal offence to a poor man at St. Kilda. * * * * * Tho medical men are giving the unfortunate man M/Credman a nice time of it. First he was presented on a charge of larceny and assault, at the same time being possessed of a ' lovely pair of black eyes' and a face something liko underdone steak, likewise acknow ledging a slight attack of D.T's. He was remanded for a week, and then brought up on a charge of lunacy — according to the medical officer of the Melbourne gaol, l'wo other doctors stited he wasn't insane ; re sult, another remand. Then another doctor appears and the voting be comes a dead heat — two for his in carceration in a lunatio asylum, two against. Once more a remand, and a referee to be called in. However he decides the accused will have the consolation of knowing that two of the medical profession at least have not treated him as he would have liked, especially if he is relegated to Kew. * * » * * * A. recent cablegram supplies the news that His Holiness the Pope has bestowed his blessing upon some hundreds of sailors of the British navy as represented by the Mediter ranean squadron, now visiting the ports of Italy. His Holiness en tertained the British tars, who recognised his courtesy by indulging in three hearty cheers — and a 'tiger' too, I suppose, although the cable man mentions it not. Fancy three cheers of British tars re-echoing in the air of the Eternal City a cen tury since ! How great Oassar's ghost and the shadow of Hildebrand must have been astonished at the call for . three times three and one over ; the latter presumably for the banquet provided. But I should like to know what sort of a dinner and refreshments the sailor men were treated to. The average Bristish sea dog would cheer for Old Nick if the refreshments were good. If it were otherwise and they were feasted on weak wine and biscuits then the cheering must have had a deeper source. We will be better able to form an accurate idea when we have seen the menu. * » * . * We have heard of and read much about the ''splendid isolation of Great Britain,' but it sinks into insignifioance by the side of that enjoyed by South Yarra in the person of its parliamentary repre sentative on the firBt division taken in the Legislative Assembly this session. Absolutely alone, not even a brother member to act as teller and count him. ' Splendid isolation !' it was magnificent. ? * * He is a frequenter of the courts, And has made a cloBe study of die procedure from a spectatorial point of view. In giving advice he is immense. Becently a friend met him in Alma-Btreet and noticing a resolute look on his usually quiet face, ventured to enquire the reason. ' J am full up of I shall study law.' ' But,' queried his friend, ' isn't that profession very much over crowded ?' 'Possibly but it is no fault of mine. We have all to look out for number one. T thaU ttudy law . Those who are already in the pro fession must take their chance.' 