WHEN TIIE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. Br MISS Bit ADDON, Author of "Ishmael," "Dead Men's Shoes,' "Lady Audley's Seeret," "Wyllard'3 Weird," "Phantom Portune," "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the authofi Allrights reserved.] Chapter XVI.—! Continued.) Most of the sufferers looked on at the ruin of their homes paralysed by horror unable to help themselves or to mitigate their losses by energetic action of any kind. Dumb and help less as sheep they saw their homes^ destroyed, their children's lives imperilled, and could only thank Providence and those few brave men who helped them in their helplessness for escape from a liery death. Panic and rum prevailed within a mile eastward of Fareh&m; House, when the boat ground against the edge of the marble landing-stage and Angel a alighted and ran quickly up the stairs and.made her way straight to the house. The door stood wide open and candles were burning in the ves tibule. The servants were at the eastern end of the terrace watching the fire ; too much en grossed to see their master and his companion laud at the western steps. At the foot of the great staircase^ Angela heard herself called by a crystalline voice and, looking up, saw Kenriette hanging over the bannister rail. " Auntie, where have you been ?" " Is your mother with you ?" Angela asked. "Mother is locked in her bedchamber and mighty sullen. She told me to go to bed. As if anybody could lie quietly in bed with London burning!" added Papillon, her tone implying that a great city in fiame3 was a kind of entertainment that could not be too highly appreciated. She came flying downstairs, in her pretty silken deshabille, with her hair streaming, and flung her arms round her aunt's neck. "Ma chatte, where have you been?' " On the terrace." "Fi done, menteuseJ I saw you and my father land at the west stairs five minutes ago." " We had been looking at the fire." "And you never offered to take me with you. What a greedy pig !" "Indeed, dearest, it is no scene for little girls to look upon." "And when I am grown up what shall I have to talk about' if I miss all the great sights ?' " Come to your room, love. _ You will see only too much from your windows. I am going to your mother." " Ce n'est pas la peine. She is in one of her tempers and has locked herself in." " Ho matter. She will see me." " I doubt it. She came home in a coach and four nearly two hours ago, with Monsieur de Malfort, and I think they must have quarrelled. They bade each other good night so strangely, but he was more huffed than mother." " Where were you that you know so much ?' "In the gallery. Did I not tell you I shouldn't be able' to sleep 1 I went into the gallery for coolness and then I heard the coach in the courtyard, and the doors opened and I listened." " Inquisitive child!" "No, I was not inquisitive, I was-only nastly hipped for want of knowing what to do with myself. And I ran to bid her lady ship good morning, for it was close upon 1 o'clock; but she frowned at me and pushed me aside with a ' Go to your bed, troublesomo imp. What business have you up at this hour ? ' As much business as you have riding about in your couch,' I had a mind to say, metis je me tcnais coy; and made her ladyship la belle Jenning's curtsey instead. She curtseys lower and rises straighter than any of the other ladies. I watched her on mother's visiting day. Lord, auntie, how white you are. One might take you for a ghost I" Angela put the little prattler aside more gently, perhaps, than the mother had done and passed hurriedly on to Lady Fareham's room. The door was still locked, but she would take no denial. " I must speak with you," she said. 