MY BARBER. [By Close Shave.] Sir," lie said "can you explain to me how it is that so maoy parsons possess traps V* The ^singularity of the question struck me, and I was unable to give an immediate answer. But he fol lowed up with another query, " Did you ever see a parson in a hurry f "No,1' I replied on the spur of the moment, but then I recollected that I had once seen a clergyman chasing ;.aj tram car, and I remembered that he looked very distressed. "Well then, sir," pursued my barber, "how is it that the parsons are always knocking up and have to go away to recruit f' ■ ■■■■ " Brain work,'' I said. " What about a member of< Parlia ment? He ^speaks more than a parswin.'* Of t^nrse thero was an obvious reply to this, but I only smiled; " I know, what you're laughing at, sir. The ideafof a member of Parlia ment having braios, eh? There are some of ,|em have 'em, aud i don't know that the average member of Parliaments is very much behind the average parson." roused your spleen ? What have the clergy been doing to "It's their attempt to interfere with our Edheation Act, sir. Why iutn'tv/they.^keep. to their pulpits and nht go meddling with politics, which they don't understand. We've got the best sy ste ua of education -In the world, and now they want to hack it about just for the sake of having some religions teaching introduced^ The idiots can't see any further than their noses. They'll upset free educa tion as sure as my name's Bill if they go on. No w, if I^as a selfish man, not having a child of my own, I'd say let everybody pay for the educa tion of their youngster^. But 1 ain't that, sir* My opinion is that just as it's the duty of the State to keep a child from starving, so it's also the State's duty to educate that child and fit him to go out in the world. The Rite's got nothing to do with religion \ tliat was fixed from the first in South Australia^ We've got so far as I can make hut about 47 different religions, and everybody thinks that he's the possessor "of the true one. Once let the black coat enter the State school and we'll never get it out. It wont be denominational teaching at first. Oh, no. But afterwards—well, sir, excuse me, there'll be the very devil to pay." " But what about the Roman CatholicsV " There, sir. If anybody's got a right to complain they have. Their convictions wont adow them to send their children to the State schools. Bu !;f sir, they knew when they built their schools what they were doing. They knew how this colony ' was founded, and that the Church was clean cut off from the State. I respect the Roman Catholics, and I don't blame them for* trying to get 1 a Government subsidy, but if I was in Parliament I-wouldn't budge an inpfa. I'd keep the education system just as it is, and I'd give the parsons—I don't mean the pries fcs, sir—-something more to do*" " Oh, thea you think——'' " I think, sir, that Satan finds s una mischief still for idle hand * to do. If our parsons were to spend a little more time studying elocution and polishing up their sermons they wouldn't have to complain about the empty pews on Sundays, and they wouldn'c have so much nonsense to talk about our g>dles3 system of education. Great Caesar's Ghost, sir ! How can they expect the youug men to go to listen to wearying discourses, delivered iu what I call a 1 dead meat' kind of way % If a man's been working hard all the week he likes to hear something on Sunday that will set him thinking. But does he 1 Not very often, and so he gets out of the habit of going to Church. The parson doesn't think it his own power lessness to attract, or if he does, he is not honest enough to say so. Oh, no, it's the godless system of education.* Isn't it rot, sir % When I was a hoy we used to ha ve Bible lessons, and if the master went out of the room the Bibles would be flying all over the place. You can't make people religious that way. The reform's gob to hegin in home life, and that's where the parsons ought to set an example, and don't. They drive about delivering tracis that nobody reads, and——" "Sappbse we say with regard to your sermon, * To be continued in our | next T /Tell mo your opinions of the Australian Eleven." i "Oh, fdr!" He gized at me re proachfully. Seeing, however, that I looked serious ho we at on—" Well, my opinion is that the teams all right. I'd like to see Lyons go to England, and I'm sorry Clem Hills left out. But b'ess your heart, sir, somebody had to be dropped, and though it's hard lines when you happen to be the one, it will all come right in the long run. Fm glad Jones is going, and I expect him to make some big scores. You see he wont have any small boys on the chains to guy him, and he'll hit as hard as he does with the pick when he's working for the Government." " Well," I said, " if I had a son and heir v I should seriously consider whether 1 should educate him as a cricketer or a cyclist." "Not a cyclist, sir," remarked my barber earnestly. " He might turn out a scorcher, and take to riding people down. One of them ran into me the other night and nearly spread eagled me. Instead of apologising- he called out, 4 Where the d——1 are you goin^ f and rode off like the wind. If I had been near enough I'd have put my stick between the spokes of his front wheel. Of course all cyclists $re not like this. I heard of one who ran over an old woman, and was in a great funk lest he should have to go before Jim Gordon. So he asked the lady what she would take in assessment of damages, and sbe compromised the matter with aglass o£ beei^ to taking to cricketing or ^ a profession*, I don't know. You see an Aust ralian Eleven only goes to England once in about three years, and there are only four positions open as far as South Ausfcraia is concerned. That?# not much when you consider the niimh#r^ of youngsters who are playing cricket. Besides the tours are not always financial successes. On the whole I think the cyclist has the best of it with the cash prizes." " Ye-, and a snug billet found very often." "Isn't it pretty much the same with cricket, sir % If a man is a good cricketer he needn't be out of a billet veiy Ioag.< There's always some man of influence in a club who can manipulate the ropes. No. I begin to change my mind again. A cricketer need never starve. If he's any sort of a clerk at all, he can always be found some light easy work." " I suppose, William, been a cricketer yourself." 44 Yes, sir. I can remember the time when men used to play cricket in tall bats. Lord, wouldn't they look foany now. Jaet fancy Jones rushing up to the bowling crease with a bell topper on his head. Or imagine the three infants on the Oval, Kekwick, Drew,, and Heddle, walking out of the pavilion wearing nulcsyns ? The only man who would reallyJoik respectable ih a 'topper would be Jack Lyons; and I'm afraid he wouldn't mount one." "Is your wife quite reconciled to the existing condition of things V " Quite. She says she's got a vote in South Australia, and she's nothing to the West where they don!t recognise the proper status of woman. I expect in a few weeks the missus will be attending election meetings and putting questions to the Premier She hadn't been reading the Parliamentary debates for nothing." " And of course you wilL accompany her?" " I rather: guess I shall be the Prompter^*hjrbarber replied with a grin. 