CURRENT TOPICS Keeping Stock Alive. — The Burra District Council a day or two ago re ceived a letter from the Surreyor Sieneral notifying that commonage was avaiiaurc ai jrmaroo ior depasturing large cattle only. The plan and notice may be seen at the Institute reading room, and full particulars can be ob ained from Mr. J. D. Cave. ♦ * ♦ Strawberries and Cream.— It is hardly necessary for us to refer to the fact that the strawberry fe*te in connec tion with St. Mary's Church will be held in the Institute to-day. A very nice lot of fruit has been obtained, and a most enjoyable time should be spent by all who do not indulge too freely in the tempted luxury provided. Opera tions will be commenced at 2*30, and continued vigorously until 10*30. An interesting feature will be the doll and pin-cushion competition open to all comers, for which several prizes are offered. A Christmas tree will be loaded at 7 o'clock, and stripped (we hope) an hour later. Sixteen Little Maidens. — Six teen maidens of Charleston, in the United States recently, presented a petition to Governor Johnson, of South Carolina, entreating His Excellency's influence and interference to prevent widows from re-marrying until the spin sters had been provided with husbands by fining the offending parties if no more severe punishment could be in flicted. The petition urged ' the great disadvantage to us maids is that the widows by their forward carriage do snap up the young men, and have the vanity to think their merits beyond ours, which is a great imposition on us, who ought id have the preference.' * * * ♦ Even With the Loafer. — A day or two ago a burly- looking fellow called on one of our residents with a request that he should be given a cup of tea, and seemed determined to have it sup plied. 'Now, you are sure it isn't whisky you want ?' asked the house holder. ' No, I declare before all that is great, I want a cup of tea j whisky is not in my line,' he said. ' Sorry, my good fellow, to disappoint you, but there ain't any tea in the house worth drinking. If you said whisky, it would have been alright, you could have had enough to quench your biggest thirst,' replied the man of the house. The loafer turned away completely smashed up, and' most likely he will prepare a better plan in future for quenching his thirst. * * ♦ * Taken Back. — Wifely anxieties do not alway spring from the causes as signed them by self- complacent hus bands. Blank is very fond of shooting, and is in the habit of getting up early and going for a bit of sport by way of shooting before breakfast One morn ing his wife remarked at the breakfast table : ' Blank, I am so anxious while youareawaysbooting in the morning, and I can't sleep a wink until you get back.' Hubby felt unusually flattered to think that his wite thought so much of him, and being decidedly anxious of allaying her apprehensions be said : ' Don't be alarmed ; I know how to shoot, and there is no danger of me getting shot.' ' I was not thinking about you getting shot ; that never entered my mind foi a moment, but I'm afraid that some thief, knowing that you are away, may sneak in and steal the silver.' Collapse of hubby ! * ♦ ♦ * Burra Institute. — The monthly committee meeting was held on No vember 10. Present — Mr. Harvey (president) Dr. Brummitt (treasurer^, Mr. Moore (hon secretary), and Messrs. Wilkinson, Pearce, Williams, McLaren and Furniss. The minutes of last meeting read and confirmed, and the financial statement for October read and received. Accounts passed for pay ment £4 7s iod. Circular received from Mr. A. Rose, hon. secretary Coun try Institutes Parliamentary Committee, with a list submitted, which was approved. Arrangements were made for printing 200 catalogues. Scale of charges for hire of hall, etc., was re vised and adopted. * ♦ ? ♦ Absentmindedness. — The other day a rather pretty girl residing within our town sat down to write a letter to her beau. It contained the usual kind words, but in concluding the epistle the tender-hearted girl wrote : ' Please dear ? come, and come early to avoid the rush.' The poor fellow was terribly taken back when he read it, and in a loud tone — loud enough to draw the attention of his mother — he exclaimed, 'I have often thought that was the case ; that accounts for me not being able to see her frequently, although I use the signal at the garden gate.' The concluding remarks were too much for him, and he straightway went over to the girl's house and said he was going to stop till evening to avoid the rush, but he was knocked completely out when she replied: 'You must take your chance the same as the others.' Presents and everything nice has been returned since by mutual consent. * * * ? Capital Use of Pigeons.— There is a medical practitioner in Scotland, says the ' Medical Press and Circular,' whose area of practice is so wide that he has resorted to a method of using carrier pigeons for the purpose of assist ing him in his daily labors. When, for example, he is called upon to visit patients far from his home, he takes with him a number of his stock of carrier birds. As soon as the pigeon reaches his home a domestic carefully extracts the message from under its wing and hands it to the doctor's dis penser, who makes up the prescription and despatches the medicine to the patient. Another convenient arrange ment resorted to by this enterprising practitioner is to leave one of his pigeons at the house of a far-distant patient whose case may require his early attention. When in such an in stance the doctor's presence is urgently demanded, a pigeon is despatched with a message, and the doctor is soon on his way to the patient's house. * * ? ? Hoax. — A silly joke was manufac tured by several idle lads on Wednes day evening. They have probably read or more likely heard of ghosts, and the effect they have on nervous people. They, therefore, resolved to make a ghost and place it on the footpath. Having done this they retired to a secluded spot and waited for develop ments. Half an hour later two young women had occasion to pass the statue, and before they got close to it a flash ot ghost yarns passed through their minds. They drew each other's attention to the horrid-looking object, and become very frightened. They dare not budge an inch closer, bat with a straggle retraced their footprints as quietly as possible, and told a friend of what had happened. An investigation lead to the fact that the boys had made a rough frame of a ghost and covered it with paper, which even gave the adventurer a fright when he first attacked it with the handle of an umbrella. The erection was, how ever broken down, and thus satisfied the ladies that the 'ghost' was only made of wood and papet, and was quite harmless so long as they did not attempt to strike a match with him. * * - ? » Concert. — Father' O'Dowling is never tired in well-doing, and having successfully held a three days' fair in the Institute he is now busy arranging a first-class concert to beheld in the same place and for the same object. Miss Lulu Gillespie, who was bora in Burra and baptised in St Joseph's Church, will delight her old associates with favorite songs, and will be assisted by the best local talent The concert comes off on December 4, so that there is just enough time for everyone to prepare for a treat The object itself is a noble one, but when such talent as will be heard at the Institute on the above-mentioned date . comes forward, it is advisable for all to show their un limited appreciation. » ♦ ? * The Day of Reckoning. — Once more in the history of the Burra Cor poration the annual ratepayers' meeting will be held in the Institute on Friday eveqing next, when His Worship the Mayor and councillors will, if necessary or called upon to do so, give an ac count of their stewardship during the past 12 months. The meeting will, in all probability, be an historical one, owing to the pecularities surrounding it. North Ward is defended by only one councillor, owing to the second be* ing in the West. Councillor-i-eders6n has filled Councillor Parks's place in East Ward, and is again illegible for election on December 1, as is also Councillor Sampson. Councillors West and Winnall will fill their old places in West Ward, and the same re mark applies to Councillor Lockyer for North Ward, but a colleague for him must be found. His Worship the Mayor (Dr. Brummitt) has received a requisition asking him to again consent to fill the Mayoral chair, and has given a favourable reply. * * ? ♦ Cost of Living at Perth. — Those who go to the West feel satisfied that there is money in it, but the following will bear out the old and true maxim, 'All that glitters is not gold': — A statement made by a gentleman of the middle class is worthy of repetition as illustrating the difficulty with which both ends are made to meet ' There are eight in our family,' he said, ' and in the first place, I pay 35s for house rent That sum is regarded as moder ate indeed when it is paid for a house in which a family of eight has to reside. The bread bill has been 16s, now it is 1 8s per week. The meat bill is 15s, and it includes two joints; firing 5s, milk 5s, and groceries and vegetables average over ^1 per week. This is a moderate computation, and the total is nearly £$, and I receive only £4 10s a week. How do I make ends meet ? Well, I can't tell you. It has to be done, and clothing, so far, has been out of the question. Yet I am expected to keep up an appearance.' Another housewife said she has a family of ten children. Her husband earns ^4 per week, and one of her boys receives wages of jQx a week. Out of this amount of £$ she has to pay 30s a - week for rent, £1 for bread (60 loaves) jQx 6s for groceries, 16s for meat, 10s for vegetables, 4s 6d for wood, 4s for milk, and 3s 6d for school fees, making a total of /5 13s 6d. With the present cost of living, she states that they have no means of buying clothing, and they have had to depend upon the generosity of their relations to clothe the family. * * * ? Redruth Court. — Some entertain ing points were raised at the Court on Wednesday last during the hearing of ?' the case against Mr. McBride for not eradicating bunny and destroying its home. Mr. Foster and Mr. Winnall had several little dialogues during the proceedings, which caused a number of ' cockies' to follow the case with wrapt attention. As soon as the ball was set rolling Mr. Foster objected to techni calities concerning the appointment of the inspector and the information. Arguing the points took up a. consider- - able amount of time, and only for the ' chipping in' by *' the learned friends' the assemblage would have become weary. Mr. Morgan presented two witnesses to prove that there were rab-' bits on Mr. McBride's land, and Mr. McBnde had ' nine good men and true' to combat what had been said against their master, but they were not called into the field of battle, although one or two were very anxious to hold forth. Mr. Foster told the Court of a little advice he once gave to a client of his. He told him to kick any man off his land who could not show his authority for coming on it This seemed to fall right into the hands of Mr. McBride, and looking over with a smile to the inspector made signs which signified his intention of introducing the 'flying mare' in one act, if -the; ; inspector did not show his authority . in future. Mr. Winnall quoted authori ties on technical points, but Mr. Foster said it was -a 'musty lav,' and Mr. Winnall inferred that the quotations by Mr. Foster conveyed a wrong impres sion. The justices were divided on the question of the Gazette notice, and a third had to be called in. Having had a substantial repast each counsel was in trim to ' go through the battle and the breeze,' and at 4*30 a verdict was given against the Council with costs. * * * Scarcity of Employment at Menzies. — Large numbers of men are arriving at Menzies in search of employ ment, almost every team bringing a fresh contingent. Over 20 arrived dur ing the last few days. At present there is a difficulty of obtaining employment, and the approach of the exemptions renders the outlook for new arrivals a gloomy one. On Saturday a number of miners came to town from Mulline and were paid off. The Daimio leases there have ceased operations owing to the water difficulty. Recently numbers of men were discharged from the Flor ence mine. There is likelihood also of a large number of men at present en gaged in prospecting a local group of leases being paid off shortly, and there is no demand for labor. — Goldfields Courier. ♦ » * Romantic Adventure. — A mishap occurred to a mounted trio — a horsey man and two domestics — on Sunday afternoon. They were fully equipped and were bound from Kooringa to World's End, and one of the fair sex nearly reached there unexpectedly, the dissolution of partnership with her quadruped creating much excitement, owing to the instantaneous manner in which a separation was brought about. Her guardian, however, suggested a change of animals, which was readily accepted, and before he arrived at his destination a little dissatisfaction took place, the rider being lodged on terra firtna in two shakes. The animal, of course, made for home, at intervals de positing its regalia along the road to signify its route, and next morning it was found outside its master's gate patiently waiting for admission. The rider and his ' charges' were far from their place of abode, and none of them were equal to the occasion to solve the problem of 'how to return.' Next morning the adventurer returned home, accompanied by one of the girls, and the second was picked up by a Good Samaritan on Tuesday morning and landed safely in Burra. As the trio did not reach home somewhere near the appointed time, many were under the impression that the party had really gone to world's end. Moral : ' Never take more than you can manage, whether on horseback or on foot.' ♦ ? ♦ ♦ Burra and N.-E. A., H. and P. Society. — At a meeting of the above held on November 13, a preliminary statement of accounts was presented, from which it was noted that after the Government grant was received the society, it was estimated, would start next season in about the same position as at the beginning of this one, viz., with a fair credit balance. It was de cided to have another meeting to pass balance-sheet after it was audited. The financial position was considered satis factory taking into account additional expenses incurred, also full prize-list paid, and that the show day had been an unfavorable one. Two objections to prizes awarded were considered, and the judge's decisions adhered to — these were in the classes for entire horses travelling the district, and second for four-horse teams. Votes of thanks were accorded the president, P. L. Killicoat, J.P., for presiding at meet ings, and Mr. Winnall for assistance given re reception to Governor. An honorarium was voted to the hon. sec retary. * * * Burra Hospital.— Special Board meeting at Hospital October 29. Present — Messrs. Sandland (chairman) Bowman, Harvey, Killicoat, Lockyer, Moore, O'Leary Pinch, Drs. Sangster and Brummitt. Nurse Richardson's resignation received and accepted ; the chairman and medical officersto appoint successor. ConUactor for bread having failed to deliver same Mr. C. H. I^owe's tender was accepted to the end of the present year. Ordinary meeting Novem ber is. Present — Messrs. Sandland, (chairman), Harvey, Killicoat, Moore, and Pinch, Drs. Sangsterand Brummitt. The chairman reported selection of Miss Bickford as nurse. The Visiting Committee reported that the water meter had been injured, and it was being repaired, the mechanism being right but the dial smashed. It was re solved to secure it from intrusion in future. Payments, £80 id. Sub scriptions received — Mr. Jesse Hum phrys £x is. Gifts — Illustrated papers from Mrs. Moore, Mrs. E. Lockyer, Miss Cave and Mrs. W. Pearce ; old linen, Mrs. W. Pearce. 