NOTES AND COMMENTS. At a meeting of the Commercial Travellers' Association on last Saturday night, Major General Hutton was in attendance, and, as he is about leaving the colony, his presence evoked considerable enthusiasm. The Major General was at the summit, on the occasion, of his colonial martial glory. He had earlier in the day announced that he had freed the artillery forces of the colony from politi cal and ' petticoat ' influence, and the strain of his speech reached the lofty pitch of Coriolanus' 'AhouE I did it, boy!' His silent victory over petticoats made him feel like Wellington after Waterloo. Who will sneer at women's pretensions after that, or dare to maintain that they are not to be entrusted with a vote in the public affairs of the land ? When to conquer them has been a ' glorious victory,' they must have some courage, mind, and influence ! Crowned with immortal laurels, and standing for evermore beside England's great heroes, he naturally felt inclined to elevate the tone and thought of those who were around him a little bit, and consequently he told them to keep ever before them the lofty ideal of a name less quartermaster in the Royal Dragoons, 'who never said he wouldn't, Who PQyer sa.i-4 he couldn't or who never said ' I don't know 'ow.' Ordinary people might have thought that there was little difference already between commercial travellers in general and this exalted type of humanity in the dragoons — that their over-weening sdf- confidence and self-assertiveness was their great defect — and kept them considerably apart from such men as Newman, Newton, Herschell, Dante, Michael Angelo, Emerson, Edmund Burke, etc. Of course, none of these ever attained to the great dignity of quartermaster in the Royal Dragoons 1 The reason was they often said ' they wouldn't,' they often said ' they couldn't,' and they often said ' they didn't know 'ow.' With all due respect to the opinion of Major-General Hutton, we think, with Cardinal Newman, that there are times in life when even commercial men would be better for saying ' No,' and also that it might be well on occasions if they admitted that they were neither omnipotent nor omnis cient. These attributes may be claimed, perhaps, by a quartermaster in the Royal Dragoons, but any other individual's preten sion to them would only make him look amazingly ridiculous. The commercial tra veller's calling is a very useful one, but after all it is not the most sublime in life, and the attempts being made here of late to exalt it to the first place, but emphasise the shop keeping, mercenary spirit of the age. ~:. The London Speaker lately published an article on the ' Transformation of the Clergy,' which was copied into the Sydney Herald of last Monday. The dreadful news is therein announced that the Anglican parson has abandoned the legitimate calling of playing with kittens, gossiping with ladies, making jokes, and indulging in the pleasures of light literature, and has put forth the ominous, startling claim that he is a man and a citizen, and that he has a mind and heart, and that these have been given him for some purpose. He is actually interesting himself in the social and political life of the land of his birth, and the Speaker warns him that the spirit of English liberty, won at the cost of so much blood, will not permit him to indulge in such criminality. If he hopes to live, he must return to his kittens, his womanly gossip, his jokes, and his harmless literature. Now, the unfortunate parson is in every way to be pitied. The world ridi cules him and laughs at him for his femininity, his want of courage and earnest ness ; and, if he strives to act manfully, and to assert himself as a citizen, it threatens him with murder and revolution. The Anglican Church, in its fettered, helpless conditions, the slave of public opinion, the tool of contemptible politicians, we can well imagine laments the day that it renounced its glorious birthright and cut itself adrift from the Catholic world. The Catholic Church, with the liberty of its Divine Spirit, has in every age given to the world men who worshipped not at the shrine of iniquitous power, nor trembled before the threats of hollow-hearted, self-seeking politicians. St. Thomas A'Beckett would read the Speaker's menaces with considerable composure of mind, and St. Paul referred all his actions to a higher tribunal than the opinion of a secular press. Even the Saviour of Man was not in touch with the political and social life of His time, nor did He ever state that public opinion was to be the standard of His disciples' conduct. As regards Anglicanism, however, the Speaker is right. It is the ' Church of politicians established,' and to politicians, therefore, ought it obsequiously bow. It publicly and solemnly renounced its independence at the time of the Reformation, and it is but fair now to hold it to the letter of its word. Its slavery disgusted Manning and Newman, and they sought the freedom of the children of God. We trust that the spirit of man hood that is awakening in the Anglican parsons, and that is frightening the Speaker, will urge them to follow the glorious example of these illustrious men. ?» * * In our columns will be noticed a report of a meeting of the shareholders in The Catho lic Press Company held on last Monday, at which the directors submitted a most satis factory statement as regards the present' position of this paper. They also declared that their hopes of future success were of the' brightest. The resolutions submitted to the meeting were carried with perfect unanimity and great enthusiasm, each one present seeming firmly resolved to make strenuous efforts to bring the Catholics of the colony into line with those of the rest of the civilised world in the matter of reading Catholic papers. The number of clergy present shows how strongly the movement started to spread Catholic reading appeals to their sympathies, and also their conviction that The Catholic Press can be used as a powerful auxiliary in the work, to which they have solemnly dedi cated their lives, of spreading and defending faith. Politicians, social reformers, humani tarians, lovers of Australia, should all heartily ? encourage every movement tending to deepen religious conviction and to eliminate the brutal elements from man's nature. In the words of Tennyson — ' Solf-reverenco, solf-knowlodgo, self-control ' exalt the individual, and make great nations possible. We desiderate citizens endowed with these fine qualities. Religion alone confers them. It would be. .It'he highest prac tical wisdom, then, for every 'statesman, every friend of hun.ia.nity, and of civilised life, to , promote unceasingly the. interests, of the Catholic Church. When men show, jealousy, of religious influence they are but proclaim ing, their ignorance of the laws of social progress, and the extren?e; littleness of their mind. It would not be too much to expect,, therefore, to find all the- priests and every intelligent lay-Catholic in generous rivalry in labouring to increase the intrinsic merits of The Catholie Press, and to, spread it. among the, people., As the Rev., Father Moynagh points, out, in, an admirable letter appearing in- another column, by means of a Catholic Truth Society,, such as exists in other coun triesMTuE- Catholic Press could be placed qnthe table of the poorest Catholic home. The St; Vincent de Paul's Society relieve admirably the temporal miseries of the poor.. ' Is not .the- life more than the meat,' how . ever, and is it- true charity to leave our poorest Catholics hungry in mind and soul ? The Catholic Press would brighten their homes weekly and do them good, if they could get it. We intend to, never rest till. we bring, this paper to all our people, and the enthusiasm and earnestness of Monday's meeting gives: us hope of having our ambition fully realised.. v Mr., Ballington Booth, directing the Salva tion Army forces in America, has given offence to the: General, has been recalled, and his brother appointed to the position that he forfeited. Mr. Ballington, though, seems to think that his judgment and spirituali enlightenment are not inferior to his father's, and. has accordingly determined to remain at his post. If this does not give perfect satisfaction to the General, he will organise in the ''land of the free ' an army of his own. We can well imagine Mr. Ballington Booth's and Mrs. Ballington Booth's, reluctance to quit their present sphere of army operations, and' to commence again beating drums and singing unearthly songs; in the cold1, foggy streets of English cities. They have obtained) an entrance to the- wealthiest homes in America, and they can consequently hold their meetings amidst the more cheerful surroundings of the drawing-rooms of American millionaires. To; returni to the primitive Army idea of the irresistible lungs would be somewhat pain ful1, and the gentleman, shows worldly wis domi at least in staying where he is. The Salvationists here announce that the cable reports must be false, for the simple reason that) the discipline of the Army is such that any act of disobedience on the part of the General's own sons would be disastrous and ruinous to the entire organisation. Which style of reasoning, while creditable to their child-like simplicity, is not by. any means of a nature, to/ force conviction home to scep tical people. There is no reason to imagine that General Booth's sons cannot, if they chose,, be disobedient, nor would this be the first, occasion on which a son preferred his own views and interests to those of his father. If the organisation, therefore, de pends on the perfect obedience of the General's large and pampered family*, its stability can be but of short duration. With no bond of union except the noise of a drum,, the wonder is that the peculiar elements of the Army held together even for so Jong. It' has entered rich drawing rooms in America, and has commenced to fall* to- pieces. Like every other ephemeral religious organisation, its life can: be but that, of a generation,, and its work superficial and, transient. One Church and one religion alone triumphs over time, and can survive persecution and contempt as well as the applause and patronage of the world. ' Forgot) not the field whore ho perished, The truest, the last' of the bravo.' It was on this poetical text that the Sydney newspapers opposed to Mr. Reid preached' tlieir homilies on the stupidity and ignorance of the Waverley electors in reject ing Sir Henry Parkes. Every kind of un seemly ti scurnful adjective they ' hurled1 at the enl ghlrned voters who on the memorable day of the Waverley election, drew a, pencil mark- across Sir H'enry's nime, a.n-f by each' mark emphasised the uhmistakeable fact that another has taken his old place in public life, and that he is politically dead. The Waver ley electors, however, are not so much to blame. They but did what every constituency in the colony would be bound to do were the old man to ask their votes. To spend an old age, ignored and forgotten, has ever been the cheerless lot and the well-merited punish ment of those politicians who rose to power by injustice and by trafficking in the abomin able merchandise of the vilest bigotry, and any attempts to attribute to Parkes breadth of mind or statesmanlike ability are simply laughable. . Imagine Edmund Burke resort ing to spiritualistic communication with ghosts to inflict cruel injustice on one-fourth of the people of the country in which he lived ! The measure, too, that he glories most in having passed, the Education Act, is founded on illiberality and injustice, denies freedom of conscience, and' aims at subverting the na tural and divine law by subordinating man's, soul to the interests of his temporal life. Had he, moreover, even one spark of great ness of mind or manly courage, he would not be piteously appealing to the people to listen to him while he enumerates all he did for them. Mr. Gladstone finds a more dignified way of spending the evening of his life. The Waverley electors have sent Parkes to that obscurity from which he should have never emerged, and their decision about his merits makes us believe in universal suffrage. He entered the public life of this colony for harm and mischief, and his example has rendered a political career among us extremely diffi cult for a self-respecting, honourable man. His rejection by his fellow-citizens, and his poverty-stricken old age, ought to be a warn ing to all who would seek popularity on the rotten basis of bigotry and tyranny. *** Mr. J., C. Neild has published a book of poems ! For this unprovoked attack on the sense of a civilised people, the only justifica tion he offers is that he has an ' active mind' and that he wished to keep it continually occupied. Of course, if he means to imply that if he did not engage his mental faculties in the compilation of doggerel verse they would inevitably, drag him to pursuits more dangerous still to the peace and happiness of the community, he deserves a certain amount of prai?e and respect for his good, intentions and forbearance. There is not a line, however, in the volume of common place that, by some strange hallucination, he imagines, is poetry that would lead anyone to suspect him of this dangerous mental activity of which he persuades himself that. : he is the unhappy possessor. From bitter experience, the New South Wales people i were thoroughly aware that in one portion i of him at least — to wit, the jawbone — there was an, activity as strong and'as uncontrollable as a fierce volcano ; but that his mind was burning and seething with great thoughts seeking utterance is a revelation, for which they were totally unprepared. It would, be interesting to investigate whether another eminent politician's weakness for. poetry lias not led Mr.. Neild to imagine himself of a high-souled, tender, and pathetic disposition,, and fired him with the bold desire to tear the laurels from off the venerable brows of Shakespeare, Milton, and Chaucer, and to place them proudly on his own. There is a very serious side, though, to this matter. What will become of the English language, and what will become of the colony, ij more of our politicians turn their active minds; to versifying ? We would require another defence corps at once established to protect us against snch an appalling calamity. The English Government used torpedo-boats to save Dr. Jameson from, an invasion of savage pressmen. What military scheme or device would guard us, from, a combined, assault of, ' political ' poets ? We have only to hope, that none of the others will, follow, Longfellow's, advice to — ' Look, then, into, thine heart and avrWe.'1 If they look intoi themselves ati all they wills be certain, like Mr.Nield, to discover that they haye M active minds,' . and thenr- the* deluge, There is a small group of worthless Irish Catholics in this colony whose one aim in life is to crawl into some snug, fat position by ignoring as much as- possible their ; nationality and their faith. To ward off the i contempt that their meanness would inevit i ably bring upon them, they make pretension to a superior liberality of. mind, and loudly proclaim that here we. must be Australians — that the name Irish or Scotch must; not be mentioned, and, above all^.that we must be non-sectarian, or, in other words, that we must, on all occasions, like them, apologise for our misfortune in being born of Irish Catholic parents. The one answer we have to make to such people is that their lives are in accordance.- with their principles — worthless. Even an infidel — a celebrated ' English philosopher— heaps scorn on them in the following beautiful . passage : — ' A Sidney, dying on the field of Zutphen, hands over the cup of water to a wounded soldier, because his soul, nourished in noble thoughts, and his fancy, fed by the old ballads, which, like that of ' Chevy Chase,' stirred him like a trumpet blast, had led him to conceive of a perfect knight who would have been tarnished by any shade of a selfish action. Gordon sacrifices his life at Khartoum, not only cheerfully, but almost instinctively, because the suggestion that he might save himself by abandoning those who had trusted in him, for the same reasons, seems an absolute impossibility.' Shall we, then, come down.,' to the crouching, base material creed of these materialistic people and forget the memory of the illustrious heroes of our race ? Will we never think again of Sarsfield, Robert Emmett, Thomas Davis, Daniel O'Connell, St. Laurence O'Toole, or Owen Rpe O'Neill ? Will we be ashamed to mention the Irishwomen who, in the famine years, died of cruel hunger by the roadside in hundreds, having first witnessed their babes perish before their eyes rather than barter for sotifi and bread the faith of their fathers? To please these smug, fat creatures, will the sons of Scotland . here never allow their blood to warm and their spirits to soar as they think of Ban nockburn, and of Bruce,. Wallace and Bobbie Burns ? To forget its past means ruin to a race. Small, too, would be our recompense for not opening the pages of Irish history to remember that we have the lofty example of Parkes, John Haynes and Francis Abigail to substitute for. that of the great men of Ireland's past. The best Australians will be those who will be truest to. the best tradi tions of their* fathers ; and if we had no better men in. this country than the group who tells, us t,o be Aiistraliansy.it would have ? been a misfortune, that ever the aboriginal blacks were disturbed in their savage simpli city. Catholics ! attend at St. Mary's Cathedral* in all your strength on St. Patrick's Day! Irishmen! on St. Patrick's Day make it clear to the world that you are not. ashamed of. your origin ! You have no/ reason to be. 