HAWKSBURN LADIES' COL LEGE. The New Town Hall, Prahran, was filled to over flowing on Monday even ing last, on the occasion of an invitation concert given b? Mre and Miss Mongredirn, of tbe Hawks burn Ladies' College, and these ladies must take [the large attendance as a h:gh compliment not only of the popularity of their school, but alao of the excellency of the programme which they had prepared for the evening's enjoyment. The opening numbrr wa^ a skilfully played quartette ' Sins Souci' (on two pianos) by tlie Mis^s Emerv, Merlin, Watkin, and Pngh. The action sangs '' Lullaby' and ' lapar.ese Fans' were very much appreciated end clearly evidenced a large amomt of careful training to enable the per formers to arrive at such a state of perfection, whilst the action songs ?-Golden Boat'' and ' Sleigh Song' were equallv good. The solos 'Taran- tella' by Miss Emery ; ' I-s Couriers*' by Miss Jennie Banks ; and 'Andante and Rondo Capriccioso' by Miss M. Hodgson were all very artistically ex ecuted. Miss Young's solo ' A Soft Star' with chorus was a very pleasing number, and the piano duet ' Fan taisie' by Mits M. Hodgson and Mr. Hans'ein on two pianos was highly appreciated, as was also the quartette on two pianus by the Misses E. Cock bill, J. Banks, M. Bowman and Mr Hanetein. A charming little operetta was giren entitled ' Lazyland' in which the characters were as ft llows : King, Miss Minnie Bowman : Q leen, Miss Beryl King; R-seleaf and Zephyr ('adies in wiitms), the Misses J. Banks and E. Cockbill ; Herald, Miss Elsie l.eeve ; and Merry Boy, Miss Beatrice HigginsDr. In tbe second half of the pro gramme a prominent position was given to a very interesting play ' Lucietia's' Ghost,' the caste being as follows : Lucrotia and Miss Howard (cousins), Mifg^s E. Williams an-- E. Lux ton-; Augusta and Kitty, (sisters) Misses I. Martin and E. Ileeve ; Clod pole (farmer), Miss E. Cockbill ; Snsan, Miss M. Luxton ; ladies, Mies M. Spain and E. Cock bill, Cr Wm. Davies in the unavoidable absence of Mayor Luxton, distributed the piizes and real the annual report, which was very satisfactorily. Mr E. H. Hanstein acted as con ductor very efficiently. Undoubtedly the entertainment was a vary enjoyabla one, for which mauy thanks are due to Mrs and Miss Mongredien. PRIZE LIST. Dux, Hettie Lambert. Painting Scholarship, A Cockbill. 1 Matriculation Class, H. Lambert, Algebra, French, Arithmetic and Geography. A. Cockbill, 2nd Arithmetic and Algebra. E. Saunders, Botany, Physiology and History 6th class. R. Clack, English, Scripture, Geography, Bistory, Botany, Physiolgy, Music ; E. Emery, Arithmetic, Algebra, Mapping, Drawing'; E, Cockbill, Improvement Physiology; E. Cockbill, Latin; A. Forbes, 1st Writing, Needlework ; F. Morton, 2nd Writing ; A. Watkin, French ; E Williams, Examination Prize ; E. Jack, highest num ber marks first half-year. 5th'ctASS. M. Luxton, History, Scripture, Latin, Needlework ; E.' Luxton, Geography, Mapping, French; E. Evans, Arithmetic. English, Writing,. Needlework ; J. Banks. 2nd English, Composition ; F. Spain, Bead ing ; M. Spain, 2ndDrawing, 1jUVYH.II, I. Martin, 1st English, History Geo graphy, Scripture ; E. Reeve, 2nd English, 2nd Geography ; B. Higginson, Mapping ; M. Hockin, Reading, Writing, Arithmetic ; M. Bowman, Needlework ; Z. Boig, Music. 4th class. A. Cooper, English, Geography, Reading, Writing, Scripture; J. Howard, History, Arithmetic, Needlework ; L. Webb. 2nd English loweb P. Grey, Mapping, 2nd English, Reading writing ; F Emery, Mapping ; E Skeet, His tory, Geography, Arithmetic Scripture ; E Pngh, careful preparation exercises ; L Taffs,i careful preparation exercises ; E Ralph, general improvement ; M. Watts, needlework. Third Class. F. Martin 2, G. Emory 2, Higginson 2, Douglas, Whitty 2. A. Forbe°, J Deuchar, S Robley, P Hockin 2, H Gordon, D. Eeeve 2, D Browne 2, M Hockin, V Pugh, E Seward. Miss Veitch's prize, location, Miss E Williams. Mrs Hanstein's prize, Mnsic, Miss M. Hodgson, Miss E. Emery. 