CYCLING. WHEELNOTEB. By FHIUDDSTEB. About three thousand-people patronised the sports < gathering held on tbe South Melbourne Cricket- i ground lut Saturday afternoon in aid of the widow and family of tbe Iwfee >Cr. 3. Winter, M.L.A. After ' two months of no racing it was a pleasant change tor 1 riders, friend*, ami supporter* to assemble acuta, and , everyone seemed to appreciate the meeting. About 1 three hundred wheelmen rode to the grounds, and he tennis court was stacked with blcyoles, bo that altogether there oould not have been mach less than £6,000 worth' of cycles on the grounds. This was only an off meeting, *0 that we can gain an idea of what tbe (joining season will be when it opens in October. The racing in many of the events was splendid, especially mien A. A. Middieton and l>on Walker met. Middieton never rode better, and Walker quite oame out of hi* shell riding with-for him quite an unusual dash-«o that it looks as though his new trainer, Bob Lee, means to develop his speed in a proper manner. A floe -oontest took place in the two-mile amateur race,'.Which waa won by H. Scott, who managed to beat T. Orosthwaite at the last moment, the latter apparently being blocked through Scott hastily taking Hie inside running on nearing the tape. During the afternoon a display of running, jumping, and fenolng exeroises was carried out by tbe A and 0 Batten F.A. Athletic Olub. A patent scoring-board was used during the meet ing. Tbe affair ha* been designed by Mr.' H. C. Bones, and works on the same principle as spring roller blinds, the numbers being exhibited in aseries of square glass-fared boxes, suspended on a frame of iron and worked by cords. The raoes resulted as follows : Barriers' Baoe, hall a mile.-P. M'Farlane, SO yds start, 1; P. Go*, soratoh, 2; F. Bligh, 20 yds, S. South Melbourne Cycling Club Race, one mile, run in heats.-Find Heat-B. Halliwell, 95 yds, 1; A. Kuhle, 100 yds, 8; J. O. Scott. 135 yds, 3. Amateur Wheel Bace, two miles, run in heats. Final Heat-Tl Soott,. 80 yds, 1; T. Crosthwaite, scratch, 2; H. Crosthwaite, 00 yds, 3. One Mile Teams' Race, run in beats.-This race was between teams from different cycling clubs, three members being allowed from each club, and the heats Hping,decided on the number of {joints made by the 'MdjfrMnal members of the dubs. In the first heat tfcMfoqth Melbourne (Bub beat the Speedwell and thdOMIngwood; in the seoond the East Melbourne beta tbi Wanderers; smd3n the third the Victory bebujht Biohmond. In tbe final heat South Mel Wkr&Fwon; with 20 points, against 16 made by East Suraurae, and 9 by the Victory. Harriers' Bace, 120 yards, was won by T. A. Moir, Scratch ; P. H'Fortaoe, U yds, was second, and G. tf'Kenzle, 9yds, third. South Melbourne Wheel Race, two miles, run in heat*.-Final Beat-A. A, Middieton, 25 yds, 1; D. J. Walker, 10 jds; 2; J.-QrColeman, 220 yds, 3. L.V.W. Hsndicappets* Raoe, one mile.-C. Neun holler, 20 yds, 1; C. A. A. Schwaebsch, 2. A considerable amount of indignation has been raised amongst cyclists and others over the proposal of the league to refuse sanation to almost all Mel bourne race meeting* unless run by the league itself. Even the warmest supporters of tbe league recognise that sudh a policy will seriously interfere with the progress of cycling sport, whereas it the league simply reserved half <Mlo*en dates during the season for its own raoe meetings, and allowed the remaining dates' to be applied flftr by Sports promoters as usual, the league would have ample soope to obtain some of the big profits which might be made from race meet ings. Raoe meetings are dangerous speculations for a governing bodv toundertake, and we have full evi denoe of this in tbe first and only raoe meeting which the league has carried out. On that occasion splendid weather prevailed. The cost of the meeting was £825, the profit £208. Had rain'fallen on one of the two days the result would have been disastrous. There is another, and absolutely sale, method for obtaining funds, that is by charging sports promoters a tax of 6 per oent. on prise money given. This tax last year brought in to the league £200. Seeing that the L.V.W. requires funds for up to date grounds of its own, the present tax might safely be doubled as far as the metropolitan district is concerned, and besides this sports promoters should also give tbe league some of their profits. Such a course, while on the face of it seeming hard, would, I feel sure, be readily agreed to by the parties interested in prefer ence to the speculative and sport-killing policy now mooted. The Exhibition trastees have obtained an addi Usnal 80ft. of ground on the northern side of the | sports oval, and are sow preparing plans lor an | altered track. Nothing short of a thirty-one-mlle- an-1 hour track will satisfy our riders, BO the trustees might just as well do the thing properly and follow the plans of one of the famous French, English, or American tracks. Let us hope that when the swarm of old-world riders arrive in Melbourne in a few months' time they will have such a track to race upon. With 60 paid members the newly-formed Civil Ser vice Bicycle Olub is making rapid progress. The ofHoe-bearers are-Patron, lord Brassey; president, Sir Hartley Williams; vice-presidents, H. C. A. Harrison, E. T. Dunoombe, and A. W. Smart; Captain B. II. H, Oollan; bon. secretary, D. Bennett; and committee. Messrs. A. W. Smart, A. Boiton. H. X. Etotman, E. Currey, a E. Bowen, E. Ferrier, H. Dwyer, and J. Weld. No doubt the next step will bstoeend a delegate from tbe club to ibe league eouocil table in order that the interests of the cluh may be conserved. A short time ago * Melbourne young lady, while cleaning her Mqyde-ohau), jambed the first Joint of the index ftnnr between tho ohain of the cogs. Though painful*! first/her doctor assured her the wound would Boon besi. Instead of healing, how ever, tbe sore beoam* worse, and a second doctor was seen,and immediately amputated the first joint of the finger, as the bona bad rotted. He assured his patient tbatishe mlgfet thank her oyoling tor her splendid health, oUwwissthe arm might have been It may be well for crailtts ta know that when the tide U-out a fine 13b can be made along a bard beach between NordtaUoo and Krankslon. A lit*1 fi taMC date school in one of tbe suburbs of Melbourne promises to develop, into a JarGoold. Unkaowe to bis schoolmates, he is in the bant of MrlaM fetettie,paying half a crown a day tor (til use. He'taktttn* machine to school and sublets it to the bon at 2d. for five minutes. At this game be tor a tfuemsde from 2s. to 8s. a day profit' At <me of the online sob oolj now so numerous about Melbourne teen are plenty of rats, and it is 90 9|WoniB0ft<iMiira to eee the fettive rodents fi,nnHltg Djmo rats ate some* Ujart^usslul (n ¥*Wj:jB^%hcn UiMhstruotors set boid of fat ladlw^ftMrto learn the mysteries of wheeling, and find patterns exhausted, the/ simply give the marfiine an extra tttoVe, at Un MOM time whispering " Hats." The effect i« electriosl, for the akirted one, with a truly feminine ahriek, pedal*, away for dear life, quite unmindful of the fact that the has only half learned to ride. Owing to the foot thai hordesof bicycle maken an now flooding the American market* with cheap and Inferior machines, it has been suggested by Mr. Over man, one of the leading makers in the States, that ac companying each blovcle a sworn statement of par tlculars shall be given to the purchaser setting out the workmanship oi the machine. Mr. Overman proposes that state legislation should be made in the. matter in the interests of the general public, for lives may be endangered through the oollapse of inferior machines. Makers of repute spend thousands a year advertising, and they have a name to uphold, benoe the reason they are so proud of their name plates, whioh are so distinctive a feature of American , bloyoles.- It seems to me, however, that the day is not far distant when leading makers win combine and form an association to "Hid] Mark1* every faithfully built machine, muoh in the :satf>e ,,way as jewelleiy. This will enable makers Of high-grade Mqrdtt^iget a standard price for their wheels. . The report and balance-sheet of the League of Vic torian Wheelmen shows oash in bank at 80th June ' £365, and with stook, &c.;, bring the assets up 4o £108. The liabilities were £1. Tlie receipts for the year amounted to £238, while the expenditure was £35 less. There are now 23 associated dubs, and a membership roll of 1,000. Dr. Thomas, a Chicago divine, recently spoke to his congregation on the subject of cycling on Sunday. He said" When we think of the close indoor life and the hard work of men and women in ourdty during the week, one should be glad that they can go out on their wheels on Sunday; the change, the fresh air, the exercise will do them good. But when one sees them going by the hundreds and thousands on Sun day mornings it means that all these young people will not be at any church. There ouicht to be some way to acoomplish both ends-to attend church and have the needed change and rest. Every young per son should attend churoh on Sunday morning, and there seems no sufficient reason why they should not goto church on bicycles as they do to their work on week days." The " Referee" saysThere are many machines on the market which cost about £7 10s. each. They are made of material it would be saroasm to call steel. The factories, so called, where these alleged bicycles are made are well nigh impossible to find, they are like' the sweat shops of the garment store, bow different the machines with which old reliable firms have built up their immense trade. How different the machine that, light as a feather, yet solid as a rock, carries you over good and bad road safely and surely. Tim tubing is specially rolled and forged. It is so perfect in construotion that both inside and out it has the polish of a shotgun barrel. If the casual observer visited a bicycle factory and saw the rows of intelligent faces bent over powerful magnifying glasses uiving each and every ball used in a bicycle bearing a critical examination, he would, doubtless, wonder why die men were wasting their lime thete. A good bicycle, like a thoroughbred horse, costs money, because it has got the stuff in it, and both have taken years to perfect. The whaleback steamship, Christopher Columbus, has a bicycle track the full length of the boat on the lower deck, 15 laps to the mile. Prizes will be offered durine the season to the riders making the most mileage while the boat is making her trip to Mil waukee. W. Martin has returned to Sydney from Queens land, where he admits he enjoyed a rich financial trip, and under the cireumstanocs he naturally speaks of Queensland in glowins terms. It is said that he has arranged a 25-mile match with M'Donnell, the newly arrived American, to be run at Brisbane on 5th September. The mat:h is for £50 a-side. The in tention is to ride without pacemakers. So as to prevent loafing, both riders will start from the same mark, but will travel round the track in op posite directions. Such a race will be as dangerous as it is absurd, for if by any chance the men happen to come into colhsion-well, anyone can imagine the result. Besides this the man who rides with his left hand to the inside will have all the best of the contest. Today the Winter Carnival of the League of New South Wales Wheelmen commeuces on the Agri cultural grounds, Sydney, and a tremendous gather ing is anticipated. The three chief races are the \VinterStakes,distance half mile ; the Hampden Wheel Race, distance two miles, and the half mile champion ship of New -'outh Wales. Owing to the extraordi narily low entry fees, which range from Is. up to 2s. 6<L-the latter fora £50 prize-the numerous entries require as many as eight beats and a final to decide some of the events. If Martin, Don Walker, Middleton, and Pither meet in any of the finals the going will be of the keenest description, and Pither's supporters say they like his present chance before any others. We will have some remarkable battles this season on the pkth-battles between ridere of rival machines. This kind of sport is only in its infancy, but it will mature with wonderful rapidity before the season is half over, and sensational racing will be the order at every meeting. In scratch races ordinary riders will not have a ghost of a show with the lions of the trade, who will train like gladiators and fight every inch of the way up the finishing Btraigh'ts. Colombo, from Italy, will race for the first time' in Sydney to-day, also* A. B. M'Donnell, and Ken Lewis, Clinton, M'Lean, Body, Keilow, Weilby, and Porta are also there. Mr. A. E. Trengrove, of Christchureh, N.Z., has patented an invention to increase the speed of a bicycle by means of lever motion. A private trial is | reported to have given much satisfaction, and £1.250 was subscribed by a syndicate in a few hours to con trol the invention. The Victory Cyoling Club is arranging a musical cycling parade, to i« held at the Royal-park on first Sunday in September, in aid of the Brunswick Ladies' Benevolent Society. Over £6,000 worth of bicycles were exported from England to Australia for week ending 3rd July last. More than half of this amount came to Melbourne. The exports in tho previous week amounted to £7.500, of which .Melbourne absorbed £5,230 and Sydney £1,550. A cyclist*' church parade was held at Northcote last Sunday afternoon. There were about 400 cyclists out, but the collection only realised £10, which goes to the Melbourne Hospital. Thousands of people lined the roads along which the procession passed. In "Bicycling for Ladies," Miss F. 3. Erskinc tells her fair readers how to pedal. The directions may be useful to men :-" "Hid movement of the feet is describing a circle. Half the stroke is pushing, the other half is pulling, the ' clawing' action. - Imagine the face of a clock, and take the right foot, reversing all the movements for the left. At twelve, the beginning of the stroke, the heel is lower than the ball of the foot, the toes on the pedal pointing upward ; at three the sole of the loot is perfectly level ; at six the heel is raised and the toes are beginning to curve round the pedal-bar, bringing it up with a ' hooking' movement to nine, where the foot is again level. Here the ' hooking' movement begins to change to a push, the toes go up, and the heel is kept down as the foot begins the stroke again at twelve. Position in pedalling is also important. The fore part of the foot should be used, the ball of the great toe resting on the front bar of the pedal. As I have before mentioned, the toes must assist in the pedalling and twine round the front bar when working. Our toes have great nrchensible power, and it much simplifies matters if we use it Learners Are apt to be stubborn in this matter." Another authority on cycling, after giving the same sort cf directions as Miss Erskine has printed, cautiously adds-" This is the theory ; a good deal of ptadice is necessary before the movement can be performed automatically." 