NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) TOE VOLCANIC ERUPTION. WELLINGTON, December 18.— The main ereut of the day is tho explosion at Mount Tongariro. As you know, there are four principal volcanoes in the volcanic region lyiug between Mount Eg- mont, on the West Coast, and the North Island to White Island, on tho Bay of Plenty or the East Coast. The former is a majestic volcano, but extinct; the latter is a small volcano in daily and very sulphurous activity. The world would have no difficulty in getting its whole supply of sulphur there if necessity arose. In the absence of the necessity, White Island does not figure in the list of our vast resources. Along the lino between these two volcanoes are two others; you get to them just before reaching Lake Taupo as you come from the west, journeying eastward. These are like the other volcanoes, equally divid ed between Hfo and death; ono (Tongariro) being active, the other (Ruapehu) being extinct. The Maori legend is that these occupy towards one another the tender relation of husband and wife. It further informs us that once upon a time the married pair were on their way across the island on a journey to the West Coast. With them tra velled a young buck among volcanoes, the ma jestic and irrepressible Taranaki. Arrived at a certain point in tho Tangaroa plains the rakish Taranaki did what young rakes, however inajcs- f tr. /Kaii. norpaafl 1 nnnflorflltPh tYlflY RnTUPt 11110 R are apt to do: he forgot himself, anil said words to the wife of his friend that it. would have been bettc-r to have left unsaid. The result was that the majestic Taranaki had to fly for his life, his speed being augmented by a vast rock thrown after bis flying form by the injured husband. The rock is shown to this day in one of the reaches ot the Wangaeliu River. In one bound the majestic Taranaki reached the westernmost point ot the West Coast, and, becoming fixed there, gavo up the ghost. The insulted pair having done vengeance on the besotted wretch, determined to stay where they wore, and stayed accordingly. In due course Ruapehu departed this life into ex tinction, and Tongariro survives to this day to moan the heavy loss. How tlieso mountains became volcanoes Is quite well understood by our Maori fellow- subjects. There is no mystery whatever about it. The thing is just simplicity itself. Some Maori di vinity. whose name lias for the moment slipped my memory, conceived the Idea of walking across tbe Island from the Bay of Plenty westwards, and got as far as the top of Tongariro. Hero he found tbe cold quite too much, and roared for a fire. Thereupon his henchmen, taking torches, plunged into the water of "White Island," the volcano aforesaid in the Bay of Plenty, and car ried fire under the ground to their lord and mas ter, shivering in the breeze among the elevated ice fields of Tongariro and Ruapehu. While the lord and master was warming his toes, the whole country between them and the Bay of Plenty shore took fire, anil water has been boiling and bubbling and gurgling anil leaping in springs, baths, fumeroles, anil solfataras ever since, in the desolate but picturesque region under the shadow of Mount Tarawera, on tho banks of the Rotorua Lake. During these years tho Atua of Tongariro lias taken good care to let everyone know that he is much alive and more exercised. It was his pleasure in years to keep the Maori in fear and trembling. To him is duo without doubt the terrible explosion ot Tarawera, which de stroyed the Pink anil White Terraces, anil once again he is active. He lias on the present occa sion given pyrotechnic displays on several nights which the oldest inhabitant out of the two dozen or so who swarm In this district, have pronounced to he not only magnificent, but unprecedented. There were "earthquake and thunder," and tliey did "rend asunder the liars" of the soiiil earth below. The latter was incessant tho other night, while the earthquakes reached to tile re spectable figure of 110 in a single night. Before the inhabitants hail time to recover from this visitation, a loud roar was heard, and then there was a sudden spirt upwards into space of flame, smoke, clouds of every kind. Onwards it lies' into space; for a mile it kept together, at the end ot the mile It began to spread, anil growing outwards with the shape of a gigantic mushroom, rained volanic dust over all the earth. Tho inhabitants, whose nerves are braced to this kind of thing, felt very much relieved. Their idea is that the subterranean lorces wnicn are always appearing themselves have found relief. Their conviction, consequently, is that they are safe for a time. Two things have to be noted about the series of outbursts which has been going on for about five weeks. One is that the habit ot refraining from hurling out lava, which has dis tinguished the place since that first day when the "Atua" called for firo to warm ills toes, has not been broken. Secondly, tho whole country to the eastward, as far as Napier in the bottom of the bight, or Hawke's Bay, is covered with a fine film of grey volcanic ilust. Such a visita tion has not been beard of in modern times, but must once have been frequent, as the character of the pumice plains between Napier and Lake Tatipo gives abundant reason for supposing. The set tlers declare that the first shower of rain wfll wash off tliis remarkable unpicturesqne grey r.oat, and change it into a valuable and quick fertiliser lying at the roots of all vegetation. In both the volcanic and tile political worlds, we have had explosions, and in both things remain much as thoy were before. HINEMOA. Another Maori legend has been brought into great prominence lately. The cause of tho re surrection is the talent of a talented pair of young men. Maorilanilers both. One of them, Mr. Adams, has written once more the story of tho maiden Hinemoa. and her lover Tutanokai in words of poetic grace and masterful simplicity, things rare among opera or cantata librettists. These tho other (Mr. A. Hill, a musician who has been trained in Leipsic) has set to suitable music. The story is familiar enough, of the maiden living with her tribe on the banks of the Rotorua Lake, who falls In love with the young chief Tutanekai, of the tribe dwelling on tile island of Mokoia in the lake. The tribes are at war. and the lovers are unhappy. One night Hinemoa hears the sound of her lover's flute wafted across tho water by the evening breeze. She plunges Into the lake and swims onward guided by the beloved and friendly flute, until she reaches the island, falls into tho arms of Tutanekai. and Is promptly married, according to the customs of the tribes. Of course, tho tribal war ceases, and the lovers livo happily for evermore. Tho various themes suggested by this story have been remarkably well handled by the com poser. His cantata opens with a pleasant lan guishing air, played by the flutes in the orches tra. It is the "leit motif" round which overy- thinc is grouped. A chorus of maidens follows, tender, graceful, with a flowing melody and bright orchestration. The change to war is abrupt, the male voices shouting a war chorus of extraordinary powor, singular barbaric splendor, and terribly vehement energy. After that we bear the lover, a baritone — not, as usual, the "dear, delightful tenor," who in this cantata is only an ambassador— and his song is, of course, t.hs "leit. motif" runniug through the opera. Tho fairies appear next on the scene, encourag ing Hinemoa, who is singing her love anil her laments on the lake shore, to dare the waves, and promising to escort her safely over: she con sents. and they accompany her on her way. This is one of the most beautiful effects in the whole work, suggestive of lapping waters, sum mer winds, love songs, epitlialamiums. all things graceful, poetical, and beautiful. Various duets, love-making and otherwise, are sprinkled over the work, which ends with the orthodox fiigueil chorus, i nthis case a very solid and vehement nicer nf writinc. Thn nnntnfn whtnli v-ng duced ot tho opening of the Industrial Exhibi tion being held bore now, has been received with the greatest pleasure, as an exceedingly bright composition. There are lofty people who talk slyly ot "Lohengrin." "Lorelei," "Unillne," anil say things ahout "Shreds and Patches." But I feel sure that when your people hear it, they will bo pleased with it. and will find it a thing with a fine stamp and genuine ring, ail its own. THE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. It has been full of visitors, who havo been amused, instructed, Teil, and sang to, and "hiked" for: and it will not cost tile guarantors anything. Far and away the best things are the exhibits of woollens, the tweeds, blankets, rugs, merino fabrics, and a hundred other things being equal to anything anywhere, anil superior to most things of the same category. It makes one wonder whether a great export trade does not await our enterprising woollen manufac turers. There are those who declare that free- trade Sydney ofTers the very market— a market large, rich, increasing fast, without fear and favor alike, animated with nothing but a desire for the host. Candles and soap come next, but when one looks, over the sea, and thinks of the soap and candle works in the great centres there — one thinks of the absurdity of carrying coals to Newcastle. Tho exhibitors do many things "coram publico" — tliey make butter, they weave tweeds, they ill) embroidery with sewing ma chines, and very pretty embroidery It is, too. These and various other th/ngs are done for the entertainment of the visitors, who are, besides, provided with the usual displays of natural wealth, in the shape of coals, clays, woods, paints, meats, various tilings in bottles, wheat, flour, maize, fruits, and so forth. Bicycles abound, anil carriages chiefly of the gig order; furniture appeals to you on every side; there is a grand representation of homo industries; there Is ,1 small collection of pictures, a' large concert- room, and a fine asphalted bicycle track. About the last-named there is growing up the fire of a hope that it may be permitted to survive the ex hibition. in order to build a town-hail out of tile profits of a perennial series of bicycle carnivals. The bicycle carnival is, of course, the most pro fitable thing of the age, anil bicycle carnivals will pay the city a better rent for the section on which this "track" stands than any possible col lection of warehouse. Therefore, we already see a superb town-hail rising up like the immor tal buildings in the story which the Genie UGCd 4CLaUliifBK.-fit.tlla. BWfitfi 