? v There appears to bs a general desire prevalent amonget members of both branches of the legislature to termi nate the present session, and conse quent); the present Parliament, this week. The feeling in the country certainly rune in that direction. The tendency there is Etrongly to the opinion that the Besfiion has been too long, and this is attributed chiefly to tbe exhausted energies of Parliament, which evidently wants the tonic effects of an appeal to the constituencies. This Parliament has nearly outlived its statutory period of existence, but dur ing its time it has done good work for tbe colony. In the main, it has loyally supported Ministers in their difficult task of setting the finances straight. Taking the condition of Tasmania at the time of the last general election into consideration, with the outlook then for the future, if Parliament bad done nothing more than set itself enthusiastically to work to pull tbe colony out of the mire, and having once begun followed that policy np to a successful issue, it wonld have justi fied its existence. A curious feature about this Parliament is that its last session has been the most prolific in tbe way of legislation. Tbe first ses sion was broken by a change of Minis ters, when the Dobson-Henry combina tion retired to make way for the present occupants of the Treasury benches. Then followed an almost complete monopoly of time by- the Govern ment with its new taxation measures and sweeping scheme of retrenchment, which, to mention simple matters of history, were found to bs so generally Cabinet as to be readily accepted and passed into law. Probably no Parlia ment in Tasmania, certainly no previous Cabinet, ever had its time more fully occupied with important work, Minis ters worked early and late to formnlate their schemes, and the legislature sat long and interested itself to an almost surprising degree in the entanglements of retrenchment and new taxation. But for the quantity and varietyof legislation brought before it and disposed of in a single session, coat waicn everyDoay hopes will end at the latest on Friday has established a record. For a mori bund Parliament so mnch legislative vitality is not only unique, but conveys an impression that members have been excessively liberal as to quantity with a possible balancing loss of quality. It is marvellous that a community of less than two hundred thousand people should require nearly eighty bills put through its legislature in one session. Already more than fifty bills have been passed by both Houbce since Parlia ment opened Its doors, and by the time they are Bhut the total will probably be between seventy and eighty. The colony certainly does not stand in danger of barm from a lack of legisla tion, whatever might be the possibili ties and the consequences of an over dose. The Assembly notice paper now only contains two measures of any im portance. These are the Great Western Railway Bill and a bill to establish the referendum. with regard to the former it is clear that a compromise lias been arrived at between its sup porters and opponents, the result of which will be a bill that, while it doeB not sacrifice the interests of the colony in any respect, will be of a sufficiently liberal character to give the promoters a fair chance of obtaining the capital necessary to carry out the work. Two or three important points ODlyare now left to be settled. The price that the company shall be called upon to pay for all the water power it takes over and above what will bs wanted for the railway and reduction works has to be fixed. That is to say, while tbe com pany will be permitted to take as much an 35,000 brake horse-power for general purposes it will have to pity a certain rate for all tbe water so monopolised. It is bnt a reasonable proposition that if the colony puts tho company in a position to make money out of the natural resources of th-i island it should stipulate for t. ceriain -ayinent to the Treasury, jnet the same for water power us it doeB In requiring a royalty on all minerals raised. The bill as it stands is really only an enabling measure authorising tbe Government to enter into ft oontmot with the com pany to oarry out a specified work The termB of tbe contrast itself are of vital importance. That document will be the binding agreement between tbe | colony on the one hand and the com pany on the other. According to what tbe Premier said in tbe Eonse last week, when he intimated that the law department would immediately get on with the drafting of the contract, it ought to be ready for members when they reach the Assembly to- night. Mr Back's suggestions will no doubt have been largely appropriated and em bodied in the contract for the protec tion of tbe colony's interests. Under all the circumstances there seetnB to be no reason why the railway bill should not be quite clear of the lower House by Wednesday night. The Oooncil might' by that time be expected to have cleared its notice papar of tbe few Email bills still awaiting attention, leaving Thursday and Friday clear for dealing with the railway and referen dum bills. Tiio referendum ongbt to meet with an easy passage through the Assembly. Differences of opinion be tween the two Houses will probably be more frequent in the future than they have been in the past, and it is deBir able that the machinery to cope with situations of that kind should be erected without delay. Something must be done to put an end to the power of one branch of the legislature to destroy the best work of the other branch at its own sweet will. The appeal should be to the people, and the referendum will enable every case of a sufficiently important character to be submitted for the popular verdict. On Gtknli nviainn a mrpnh lfiHila will rip stated, and the electoral mind will not be clouded as it frequently is by the side-winds of a general election. An appeal to the country on a ques tion as between the two branches of the legislature by meanB of a general election is an utterly useless proceeding. The will of the electors as expressed at the ballot on Buch occasions can still be treated with exasperating indiffer ence. Both HouBes ought to heartily welcome tbe referendum as a constitu tional relief to an undesirable state of affairs. The referendum is the only satisfactory means yet put forward to meet the difficulty. Its adoption will be a long step forward in the direotion of completing what is now by courtesy called government of tbe people, by the people, for the people. Our present system does not give us so much. Bnt it is what we want. And the refer endum will go as near to giving it to us as is possible. It is highly interesting and somewhat instructive to observe the various Bide effects on a small oommunity conse quent upon the introduction to the legislature of such a bill as that to permit the construction of the Great Western Bail way. A measure of that kind could not fail to excite some sup port and Borne opposition based on Bound reasoning and inspired by patriotic motives. On tbe other band, indi viduals and localities will rise np either for or against euch a bill with nothing more solid to stand upon than merely interested purposes. The experience in this colony dur ing the past few weeks has been rjifir, mpmhflrs jrpnpxflllv nrtnpnr to support or object to a great work chiefly according to bow it will affect their popularity in their respec tive conBtitnencies. The national character of an undertaking receives little or no consideration in such in stances. The primary qnestion with the average Parliamentary delegate, the term representative being a mis nomer under Buch circumstances, is what do the majority of the electors in my constituency think abont it r i uLir Huuuruujgjy, wzie&uer; they are for or against the bill. Mn'ch the eame characterises tbe action of tbe prospective candidate for Parliamentary honors. It is a tine opportunity for aspiring legislators of the calibre who aim to drift with the stream rather than to breast the tide and become leaders of men. In either case the most is made of the temporary advantage, and the SDoils of the controversy are taken by those who succeed in most effectively dust ing the eyes of the electors. That all has to do with tbe personal and individual phase of a big public dis cussion in a small commnnity. When we turn to localities, the same kind of phenomena presents itself. A district will invariably be found to be either in enpport of or opposition to any pro p -sed legislation ai its own particular prosperity is concerned. If a settled district is likely to get advantages from the construction of a particu lar work it will be unanimously in favor of, the largest scheme that can be pnt forward. On the other hand, if carrying 'out the work will probably detrimentally affect the inter ests of some other locality, or even if it will merely not be a benefit, it is Buffi cient excuse for tbe most pronounced opposition. One other phase of a con troversy like that now upon us is the way in which astute politicians and other persons play off one district against another. For instance, s good deal is being said about tbe probability of Devonport eclipsing Launceston as the chief port of communication with the mainland. It is said that the op position to the Great Western Railway Bill, as shown at the pnblic meeting recently held at the Mersey town by no means represents tbe actual state ofjgeneral feeling there in regard to the proposal. Devonport, it is urged, has nothing to pain from associating with LaunceFton in opposition to the rail way. It will pay Dev-onport better to be playing ber own game, say these same people, and in this instance that is to get a daylight service with Mel bourne. All this is very humorous to those Who will but take tbe little trouble necessary to work it ont. Of comae there is not the slightest reason why there should not be a few swift steamers scudding across the Straits between Devonport and Melbourne. It ib merely a circumstance in the great and sweeping idea of centralising tbe shipping in the Mersey that before a daylight service conld be inaugurated' it wonld be necessary1 to get faster boats built than areas yet to be fpnnd in AuBtralastan waters. Thio -would be but a kind of difficulty that a sufficient expenditure of capital conld surmount. Another matter tbst would b§ inseparable from such a scheme, and wbibh might cause some trouble, wonld be that Devonport must under take to supply tbe necessary passen gers and freight at this end in order to make the ventnre a financial success. Putting the qnestion of the steamers on one aide, the impracticability of inducing passengers to undergo a three or four hours' railway journey, in preference to a smooth rnn up the Tamar, after toasing across tbe Straits, is so obvious as to need no emphasis. Bat nobody really takes this gosiip of Devonport running Lannoeston seriously. 'It probably amuses some people to toy with tbe loyal and patriotio sentiment of particular localities, a sentiment but for the existence of which no centre wonld ever make much real progress. Bnt the people who dwell on the banks of the Mersey can be depended upon not to burn their fingers with a wild pro ject that might half a oentnry hence have something in it, but which at present is a mere flight of the imagina tion of those people who wonld like to set LannceRton nnrl npvnnnnrt hv t.hn ears, and barking at each other, with out the ghost of a possibility of a bite. The Qbavelly Beach Deowkino Case. —Yesterday Superintendent Berresford left with grappling Irons for Gravelly Beach in tbe steamer Eclipse to inititnte a search for the bodies of Duncan Campbell and William Hensbaw, who were drowned on Sunday. Tbe two youths Thomas Buasell and Peter Wilton accompanied Mr Berreaf ord. Drag ging was continued throughout the day until doBk, when tbe party desisted from tbrir laboii without being successful. Several rumors were circulated in tbe city last night, one being that one of the sur vivors had succumbed from the shock he had sustained, and another that the bodies had been recovered. Both reports proud to be groundless, although it is understood that one of the lads was diving to aid tbe search party yesterday, and on eoming to the surface he was exhausted, some dim. culty having been experienced in restoring animation. Dragging will be resumed this Jubilee Tbaisb akd Faeee.— In to day's columns will be found the Bailway Departments train and fare arrangements iui luc uuniiDg jnoun conuuemoroaon o tbe Launceston Church Grammar School. Cheap trips to Lannceiton from the Main, Western, and Fingal lines are included, while late trains will run on the Western Line on Wednesday and Thursday nigbta, and the cheap trip tickets do not expire until af t«r the whole ot the proceedings are over. The arrangement! are aljo published tor the Lannceston Baces to take place on Batnrday, November 14, and for the Westbnry Show on Wednesday, November 18. Cheap trip tickets will be issued on all llnes: MUBDEE IH AN OlBTEB BaLOOH.— A murder took place in George.etreet, Brisbane, on Wednesday night. A Greek named Bomass entered an oyster aaloon in George street, and had an altercation with a young man named Smith, an assistant in the aaloon. Ihe Greek drew a knife, and, it Is alleged, stabbed Bmltb, who died a few minutes afterwards. Bomass made off, and wkb c»f/iurea oy a connaoie, obe eecapea while being conveyed to the soene of the murder. Doiens of police were soon search ing tbe city, and abont an hour afterwards he was arrested under a lenoe in 6t. John's church-yard. He was taken to the watch house, charged with the murder of Bmith, and locked up. Bomass was brought before the Court on Thursday, charged with the murder of James Smith, and remanded for eight days. A constable deposed tbat pri soner bad blood on his band when arrested. The pait mortcvi on the body of Smith dis closed a koffe wound Sin deep, extending from the collar-bone down through the lung. Lepbosy is New South Wales.— The report for 189G of tbe Board of Health upon tbe administration of the Leprosy Act was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday night by the Premier. At the beginning of 1896 40 persons remained under detention at the lacaret. During the year 10 persons were .reported to the board as being Eospected lepers, and three of these were eventually admitted to the lazaret. The number of deaths during the year was five, and one patient was dis charged. This patient was admitted In 1888, when only 14 years of age, and from the time he fell under observation his symptoms gradually receded, until, so says the report, as tar back as two or three years ago, little re mained but some deformities. These were evi dence, not of active disease, but of disease which had existed, and which had cauBed the mutilations during the by-gone time of its activity. In view of the apparent reooverv of the patient, bis relatives bad for some time made repeated application for his re lease, but the board felt themselves unable to grant it until they had satisfied them selves, both by lapse of time and repeated examination, tbat no danger to the public health would result. This conclusion being at last, In their opinion, warranted, and to the satisfaction of the board that they were able and would suitably pro. vide for his care and keep, the board authorised his discharge. The number re maining in tbe lazaret at the end of the year was, therefore, 37. Of these 16 were whites — four of them being females — while the re maining 21 wore members of various colored races. The total number of patients ad mitted since 1883, when the first patients were received, Is 68. A Labob Membee ik England.— Mr Trenwith is busy edncating London workic-g men up to the Australian ideal on the labor qnestion. Be has spoken at Exeter Hall. Etrand, and at Battersea Town Hall. At the latter place be took a rather depressing view — from the labor standpoint — on the con dition of Badicalism, and, Bpeaking under the auspices1 of Mr John Burns, expressed a hopo tbat he would soon have the pleasure of welcoming Mr Burns to Australia; 