Sermon for Sunday. Gathering to the Standard. BY REV. DB. TALJIACIE. Onto Him shall the Gathering of the people be.— Gen. xix. 10. All tho ages of history on the pivot of ton upright beam of too Cross of tho Son of God — B.C., A.D. I do not care what- you call Him — whether Conqueror, or King, or Morn ing Star, or Sun of Righteousness, or Balm of Giloud, or Lohanon Codar, or Brother, or Friend, or tako too name used in tlio varso from which I take my text, and call Him Shiloh, whioh means His Son, or tho Tran quilliser, or the Peacomakcr, Sliiloh. I only want to toll you that " unto Him shall tho gnthoring of the people be." 1\. In tho first pinoo, tho peoplo are gathered round Christ for pardon. No sensiblo man, or hoaltofully ambitious man, is sutisfiod with his past life. A fool may think ho is all right. A sensiblo man known ho iH not. I do not care who tho thoughtful man is, tho reviow of hiB lifetimo behaviour boforo God and man gives to him no . ospeoinl satis faction. " Oh," ho save, " thoro havo boon so many things I havo "done I ought not to havo dono ; tooro have boon so many things I havo said I ought never to havo said; thoro havo boon, so many things I havo written I ought novor to have written ; there have boon so many things I havo thought 1 ought novor to liuvo thought. I must somehow get things read justed. I must somehow havo toe past reconstructed. Thoro ara days and months and years whioh ory out ngaiust me in hor- riblo vociferation." Ah, iny brother, Christ adjusts the past by obliterating it. Ho docs not erase the record of our misdoing with n dash of ink from a registrar's pen, hut, lifting his right hand, orushed, red ut tho palm, Ho puts it against his bloeding brow and thon against liis piorcod sido, and with too orimson accumulation of all thoso woimds Ho rubs out toe accusatory chapter. He blots ont our iniquities. Oh, never bo anxious about tho future ; bettor bo anxious about tho pust. I put it not at tho oiul of my Bormon ; I put it at tho front ; mercy and pardon through Sliiloh, too sin- pardon ing Christ. "Unto Him shall tho gather ing of the peoplo bo." " Oh !" says some man, " I havo for forty yours been as had ns I could ho, and is there any mercy for mo ?" Moroy for you. " Oh !" says someono here, " I had a grand ancestry, tlio holiest of fathers and' tlio tenderest of mothers, and for my porfidy there is no excuso. Do you think -there is any moroy for me ?" Mercy for you. "But," says another man, "I four I linvo committed what thoy call the unpardonable sin, nnd the Biblo says if a man commit thut sin ho is neither to be forerivon in this world nor tho world to como. /Do yoti think thore is uuy meroy for mo?" Tlio fact that you havo any solicitude about tho matter at nil proves posi tively that you havo not committed tho un- pardonnhlo sin. Meroy for you. 0 the graco of God which bringcto salvation ! You notice thut nearly nil tho sinners men tioned as pardoned in too Biblo wero great sinners — David a great Binuor, Paul a great sinner, Rahul) a great sinner, Magdalen u great sinnor, the prodigal son a great sinner. Tho world oasily understood how Christ could pardon a hnlf-nnd-lmlf sinnor, hut what tho world wuuts to ho persuaded of is, thut Christ will forgivo the worst sinnor, too hardest sinnor, too oldest sinner, tho most inexcusable sinnor. To tho sin-pardoning Shiloh let all tho gathering of the peoplo he. 2\. But I remark again, tho peoplo will gather around Christ an u sympathiser. Oh, we nil want sympnthy ! I hear people talk HH though thoy wero iu'dopendont of it. None of us could livo without sympathy. Whon parts of our family are away, how lonely the I10U80 seoms until they all got home ! But alas for thoso who never come homo ! . Some times it seems as if it must ho impossible. What ! will their foot never again aomo over the throsliold f Will thoy never ugnin sit with us nt tho tablo? Will they never ngnin kneel with us nt family prnyor? Shall wo never agnin look into thoir sunny fttaos ? Shall wo novor aguin ou ourth take counsel with them for our work ? Alus, mo ! who onn stand under theso griofs? Oh, Christ, Thou oansb do more for iv bereft soul than anyone elso ! It is Ho who stands besides us to toll of tho resurrection. It is Ho toatoamo to give peace. It is He that comes to us nnd broutiios into. us tho spirit of submission until we can loolc up from the wrcok and ruin of our brightest oxpoctatioiis and say, "Father, not my will,, but Thine ho dono." Oh, ye who are bereft, yo niigiiish-bitton, oomo into this rofugo. Tlio roll of thoso who camo for relief to Christ is larger and larger. Unto this Shiloh of omnipotent sympathy, tho gnthoring of tho peoplo shall be. Oh, that Christ would stand by all thoso empty orndlos, and ull theso desolate homesteads, and all theso brokon hearts, nnd persnndo us it is woll! The world oannot offer you holp at suoh a timo. Suppose tho world oomes and'offors you money. You would rathor livo on a crust in a collar and havo your departed lovad ones with you, than livo ill palatial sur roundings and thoy away. Supposo tlio world offers you its honours to console you. What was tho prosidonoy to Ahralmin Lincoln whon littlo Wiltid lay dead in tho Whito House ? Porhaps tho world coines and says, " Timo will ouro it nil. " Ah, there nro griofB that havo ragod on for 30 years, and uro raging yet. And yot hundreds havo boon oomforted, thousands havo boon comforted, millions have been comforted, and Christ lias dono tho work. Oh, what you want is sympathy. At the story of punishment a man's eye flnshos, and his teeth sot, and his fist olenohes, nnd ho prepares to do battle oven though it he against tho hcavons ; yet what heart so hard but it will suooumb to tho story of oompassion ? Evon a man's sym pathy is pleasant and helpful. Whon wo liavo boen in Borao hour of weakness, to have a brnwny man stand beside us and promiso to seo us through, what oouruga it gives to our heart und what strength it givos to our arm ! Still mightier is n woman's sympathy. Lot him tell the story who, when all his fortunes wero gone, and all tho world was aguinBt him, oame homo and found iti that homo a wife who could wrlto on tho top of tlio empty flour barrel, " Tho Lord will provide " ; or write on tho door of tlio empty wardrobe, " Consider too lilies of tho flold ; II God - so clothed tho grass of toe flold, will Ho not olotoo us and ours P" Or lot that young man- toll too story who has gono too whole round of dissipation. Tlio shadow of too penltontinry is upon him, and oven bis father says, "Bo off 1 novor oome hoino again!" Tho young, man finds still Ehift mothor s arms outatrotohod for him ; und w she will stand at tho wioket of tho prison whlspor consolation, or got down on hor eos boforo too Govornor, bogging for pardon, hoping on for lior way ward boy aftor all others are hopeless. Or let hor tell tho story w)io, under villainous allure- Iment, and' impatient of parental restraint, I baa wandered off ' from a home of — whioh she was too idol into toe murky and thunderous midnight of abandonment, away from God, and further away, until some time she is tossed on tho bcuoh of that early home a mere splinter of a wreck. Who will pity her now? Who will gather these dis honoured looks into hor lap ? Who will wash off too blood from tho gashed . forehead? Who will toll her of that Christ who came to savo tho lost? Who will put that weary head upon tlio clean whito pillow, and watoh by day, and watoh by night, until too hoarso voioo of tho sufferer bocomeB too whisper, und the whisper becomes only a faint motion of tho lips, and tho faint motion of tho lips is oxolmugod for tho silent look, nnd tho out fcot arc still, und too wenry oyes nro still, und tho frenzied heart is still, and all is still? Who will have compassion on her when no others' have aompas.-ion ? Mothor! mother 1 Oh, there is something bountiful in sympathy — in manly sympathy, wifely sym pathy, motherly sympathy ; yea, in neigh bourly sympathy. I havo to toll you that if you will nggregnto all neighbourly, manly, wifely, motherly sympathy, it will " bo found only a poor, starving thing compared with tho sympathy of our groat Shiloh, who has held in His lap too sorrows of the agos, and who is ready to nurso on His holy hcurt tho woes of all who wilt como to Him. Oh, what a Saviour wn havo 1 I havo thought tout this partioulnr ago in which wo livo may bo givon up to discoveries and inventions, by which, through quick und instantaneous communication, nil cities and nil communities nnd all lnudH will be brought tagethor, und thon — in another period, por- linps — theso inventions, which lia /o beon used for worldly purposes, will ho brought out for Gospel invitation, and somo grout prophet of too Lord will como andsnatohtho mysterious, sublime, and miraculous telophono from the hand of commoreo ; and all lands and king doms connected by a wondrous wire, this prophet of tho Lord may, through tolo- phouiu communication, in an instant un- nounco to nil nations pardon and sym pathy and lifo through Joans Christ, and then, putting tho wondrous tube to tlio cor of too Lord's prophet, tho rosponso shall oom'o back: "I behove in God, tlio Father Al- 1 mighty, Maker of heaven and earth ; and in Jesus Christ, His only-begotten Sou ; and in tlio Holy Ghost — tlireo Persons in one God." You and I may not livo to seo the day. I think those of us who arc over forty years of ago can scarcely, oxpeot to soo the day. I expect before that timo our' bodies will he sound asleep in tho hammocks of tho old Gospel ship ns it goos sailing on. But Christ will wake us up in timo to soo tho achieve ment. Wo who luivo sweated in the hot harvest fields will bo nt tho door of tho garner when tho sheaves como in. That work for whioh in this world, wo toilod'nud woptgand struggled and wore oursolvos out, sluilinob come to consummation and wo he oblivious of tho noliiovoment. "Wo will bo allowed to oomo out and shako hands with tho viators. ,' We who fought in tho earlier battlos will havo just HH muoh right to rejoice as those who redden thoir feet in tho Inst nrmageddon. Ah I yea, thoso who could only givo a cupful of cold water in tlio naino of u disoiple ; those who could only sorupo a handful of lint for a wounded soldier , thoso who could only minister to old ngo in its decrepitude ;' those who could only conx a poor waif off too stroot to go hack homo to hor God ; those who oould only lift a littlo child to, tho arms of Christ— will havo as much right to .take part in tho ovation to tho Lord Jesus ;' Ohrist as a Chrysostom. It will bo your victory and mine, as well ns Christ's. He toe ' Con queror, we shouting in His train, Christ tho Viotor will . piuk out the hum blest of His disoiplos in too orowd, i.and, turning half around on the . white bone of victory, Ho shall point her out for. approval by too multitude, as Ho says, "She did what sho could." Then, putting His hand ou the head of somo miin who by his industry mudo ono talont do too work of ton, He will say, "Tlion bust been faithful ovor a few things, £ will make thee ruler over ten oilios." There is some Scriptural authority for say ing tont Christ will coino iu person und sit on a throuo I should like to see tho : ecurrcd foet going up tho stairs of a palace in which nil tho glories of , tho Alliambrn, and tho Taj Mahal, uud the St. Mark's, nnd tho Winter Pnlnnci, are gathered. I should liko to see the world pay Ohrist in lovo for what it did to Him in maltreatment. I should liko to he ono of too grooms of tlio chargers, holding the stirrup as too King mounts. Oil, what u glorious timo it will ho on earth -when . Christ shall ' break through tho heavens, und right hero, where Ho has suffered and diod; have thio prophecy fulfilled, " Unto Him shall Jho gathering of the people bo 1 " Oh, my friends, I should liko to meet you pn tho day whon our Lord oomes liaok ! Garlands ot nil nations on his brow—of the bronzed nations of tho south und tho pallid nations of tho north — Europo, Asia, Africa! North and Sonth Ainoriuu; and tho other oontinants that may arise menntimo from the sou to tako tho places of thoir sunkon pro- ' decessors ; Aroh of Trajan, AroU of Titus, \- Arch of Triumph in too Chumps Eiysces — all ton poor to welcome this King of kings, and Lord of lords, and Conqueror of conquerors, in His angiiHt arrival. Turn out all heaven to meet Him ! Hung all along tlio route tlio flags of earthly dominion, whothor de corated with eresuonl, or star, or eagle, or lion, or coronet ! Hung out heaven's brightest banner, with its one star of Bothlolipm nnd blood-striped of tho Cross ! I hoar tho pro- cession now. Hark ! tho tramp of the feet, the rumbling of the wheels, tho olattcriiig of the hoofs, und the shout of too riders !: Ten thousand times toil thousand, and thousands of thousands! Put up in heavon's library, right bosido tlio completed volumo' of the world's ruin, tho completed volumo of Shiloh's triumph. Tho old promise, struggling tlirqinrli . the uges, fulfilled at last, " Ujttp Hiiw tho gaiheriug of tho people ln> " l "Tho Health and Vigour of nn inclividyj,1 depend upon tho quantity and quality of too Blood. "When tho tissues have been at work, there ara thrown into tho blood wusto pro ducts, and if these be not eliminated, but (through uuy cause) detained in tho blood, thoy influence nutrition und funotion, and finally produco organic disease." — The Humanitarian. In ousos of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Logs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, tho effebta of Clarko's Blood Mixture are marvollous. Thousands of wonderful oures liavo been offeoted liy it. Clarko's Blood Mixture is sold overywhoro at 2b. 9d. por bottlo. Be waro of worthless imitations nnd substitutes. In English hanking oirclcs it is stated that tho 7,000,000 roubles which Russia is raising for too purpose of lendiiig to Coroa is to ho guaranteed by Russia holding the two northorn provinces of Cores, inoluding Broughton Buy, ns security for too payment of the loan. 