[?] Postage on Nkwspapebs. . For cool impu- donco - Mr. Gttoih's /v'stotomehtV.takro : too' odke, that, toby;/ the picbvinoial Press, > would not mind an extra 24 per bent duty on pabbf;'. imported for nip, if they, could be': relieved of , the postage! /. - , ! i ) . e, .-.v-!: ; - , Of oourse thoy -.'vronld not, for' tlie. simple' reason: that tlio . extra 2 per cent duty woutd' 'not' toiioh their .pockets us tho oirouiation of tbcir riigs is so 'email. : ' . ' , - / The mettopolitan' Press, :'ae matters now( stand,, pay: fully one-half of ' too 6 per cent duly. oh pator.. !"' :'/ "( Fedeeition Convention Meeting." -The clique who held tho mooting in too Centennial! Hall last night numbered at most 176.; : Wiufl a noble and infiuential eeotion of the nnmmnnif.tr t r\ tnflnnnnm mililin nnlninn .«« fV>«a question.; : '/ Subely they, must reiilise'hy this time that they are how. known se the ' mutual admira tion sooioty. ; . ' //:,: As little Fitzgerald, M.L.A., put it,, after: stumping' over"his cToctiori campaign", hp- tweon 800 and 900 .rafios, hot one question had been asked about federation. Hew is this for high f - . The rumour tii'at some mombsrs of the Assoniblv intend- to prcsont too Homo Seore tary with a handbook on liigio, and an illu mination of the, motto "Boil it down;" is entirely without foundation. At the celebration ' of too - 41st annni- versary of toe Bund of Hopo Union in Lon don, it- wns.reportcd tout thero were now, 22,302 bands of hope and other juvenile , teniperariob societies, ah inereoso of 848 in tho past year. . ' ' At tii'o Rev. Charles Clark's ldoturo last night there was uu unreliehrsed inoidont, some of. tho eleotria lights going out. - Peehats the " ChristmaB Carol" ghost wae about. - . , . '; " . 1 ' Mb.. Six was prevontod from speaking- at the federation .meeting in too Confennial - Hall last night, o:ving. to . an attaok of. rheumatism. . Fbdebxtion itself is suffering, in that way iii theso parts.1 , . ' Those who hesrd Sir Hugh Nelson's spcocli in tlio Assembly yesterdny, must have thought of too adrieo given by a famous diplomatist to one of bis young, men whom he was sonding on a mission — 11 Above all, 'no.cnfhusiasm." - An American nowspaper talks about the ' 1 hop movement." THE,term is asseointcd ivith a numb'or of .figuros wliiuli somo might imagino had to do with- too number of hops. But hopping has nothing to do with tho business at all, except thiit the figures have habits of hopping up and down. Bbewebs, however, know - all about toe movement in bops. - : . , -Now and airnin- visitors - (o tho snprcmo talking academy of Qiieenslaiid, aro 'miido aw.aro of the fact tout Mr. So and So, the mombor for somewhere, found a.'dbuutnont in liis-.'box;-'- "Please noto,'' they as good as bay, "I havo u box of my own. -. " : ;!. i- Thebe. always appears to- bis something suspicious or extraordinary nbout thoso docu- ments'boing found in the boxes. - - . ;-The members on tho side -opposite to ilmt on which too Premier sits siiy. that gantloman rofen-od to tho publio as a beast; v.- / . v >: "Mii. Hoolan took up tho iden tind; added to fit; i(j': "- \- He said- tho publie was a . beast of burden, und he wus abbut, right. , , . v / ; The publiu have to 'bear tbo burden" while somebody olse rides. - . "..Tue- French newspapers are;1 making nnotlior bigf urm. , . This - lime lt is -ail along, of 'a .-fow- stray- pigeons whioli. being let loose at Chei-bdurg, -How to England. . !/'' : \- It is a wonder that siioh opioiirettns,a,s the Froneh liavo not droppod before ,'now to toe virtues of pigeon pie. -i , . BKsmES the dehglit of" eRting.'em, " you' have the satisfaction of knowing tout their -/power of mischiof-mskiug becomes rather cir cumscribed. - ' ' Mb. J. T. Bull. M.ii.A.'J lind a li't'fle' jaunt out on tlio DinmimtinH before coming to .Brisbane for tlie session. '> '' ' : Tirk'Sydhey reporter lay. onJiis! eiderdown! couoh; slowly breathing liis lifo away. It was evident tout tho end was very near. Suddenly the luxuriously famished room was filled with a phosphorescent, light, lind n pale sliude appeared standing at toe bedside, grim iind'inftorutablo. " I ax the messenger of doath !" ho said. ."One moment, please!" gasped tho re porter, reaching feebly for liis notebook and- pencil,. " What do you think of our harbour f" Splendid Suits of OFrioss, suitable .for sank pr .insuranue . company, on ground .floor, Telegraph Chambers, oti marble corri dor. The offices aro beautifully lighted arid splendidly fitted up. Apply early to Business Manager. , ' OinouLATioN Coins Up. Advertisers will please, uote that the circulation of the TWe-1 graph is beyond doubt the record/ for ririy paper issued in Queensland. The Telegraph leads, other papers follow Wo challenge comparison . with any datl papor in Queensland. \- Everybody knows that advertisers get bent . value by inserting their advertisements in th( paper with the largest oiroulation. " Beyond oOxpaxison." The Telegraph bai . more toan double the oiroulation of any othei daily paper in Brisbane, thorefore.advertisori get more than dogble toe value by advertising in it in preference to other daily papers. Tr.i toe oheap prepaid advertising columns. Sei speoial advertisoment. . 1 1G words, one insertion, for SIXPENCE. 1G words, three insertions, ONE SHILLING. 