Parisian* Parlance. llnv 9. The murder of the Shah of Perna adds one complication more to tlio un-' certainly of Europe Any fresh conflict between Hussion'and British: interests reacts on the other Powers, and morc especially on Prance, who is hook and eyed to the Muscovite. and must occupy her bed ■ as. she has made ■ it;.. A clear-, tho-way writer suggests that in order to eecuro peace at once,;at the outset, the rivals ought to agree fh take what they are certain to brmg about in the course of a few years, the division of Persia .between them. The Czar .would take the'north pole moiety, the,. Empress of India the southern half. The latter ought to include the whereabouts of the Garden of Eden. Sneli a second holy laud windfall to Albioil ought not to chagrin France, since one. of her sons, it is said, wrote a brochure as profound as a thesis by a blue- goggled Gennan savant, that the true site of the Garden of Ecien was. neither round about'the Euphrates nor in: the vicinity of.the' lyorth. Pole, hut Paris. . Perhaps the o^et . topo graphical boundaries have disappeared with-1 the Jardin ; JMhbillee;- A.. very wideawake public rnab^ and a' f irarcllcd Thane," mode a singular remark to_ me a few evenings ago. Kussia lias a dread that; England may. invade her from India, a matter, quite practicable,- and so destroy lier Asiatic prestige, and that England holds -the German; Em peror by her tried and histm-ical friend ship with Austria and Italy. It is,best to judge, the new Shah from iris work ; as a rule, heirs apparent become new characters. «n ascending thi-ones. The Prince of Wales andialstafi, the Kaiser andjBismarck to wit. . ' : . In presence of the sudden outburst of summer, people take no interest either in home or' foreigu - questions. Kinety degrees in the shade has even destroyed all curiosity in the hanging , man, who docs his own Jack Ketch work during 13 days for the gate money. Except having, no white- cap over his head, and a blonse for. a winding sheet, the swinging: is perfectly done. '• He has a three feet drop from. the ceiling of a cafe, concert room ; comtcmplateq space with half, closed eyes, muscularly jlistens to; the orchestra' executing all the known " Dead Marches," from that in Saul to Kam-Hill'B " Pcndu." [_He'.is allowed- fifteen minutes for" re iroshincnts. five minutes, greater, liber ality than at n railway station, and which consists of a rest for Ins feet oil tue ruug of uhiddui, oywuging ma v«n gested hands and fees, and spraying his nose with ether till time he called. : The municipal elections hiivo unmis takably shown'that the nation- remains profoundly indifferent to political ques tions, and apparently does not care irfig either for the "Montagus, or itlio' Capu-: lets. ..' The newspapers cannot' crack up the' peopleto- dance -at -all to their piping. The journals do hot re cord the ridhoad operations,' mid their conquest", consequences of • the English Dongola-wants.. Thanks to tho moral, and the hinterland material help of Britain, Italy is recovering her porition in Ahysshiia. She trill. be; omnipotent when the Anglo-Egyptian railway skills Kassala : and Massowaii ; ' that with through trains from Berber to' Suakirn, and river police on the..JTilo' in the form of, stern paddle-wheel gunboats, ' will restore , the Khedive his full territory; Indeed, railways are quite as. important as Maxim. {pms for. opening; up territory.. France ought to start h line from Obock, if only for. the1 accommodation- of ■ the scientific missions and ambtdance chips of ^Russia; The - Czar-is making a railway rush at .Herat, and England is going to lay down rails through Belbochistan; that .scheme will aid the Shah and givo fresh""grit to.'the Ameer, .who, besides, is able to.' look after him self from Caliul to . Herat. He has all the ehormdus war resources .'of. Jibrtli IVestern iliidia to he placed at liis demand for help against raiders. ; ■ The Transvaal is,not now considered to'be a'danger. It is .A pity that the officious Temps, that prints letters from' its'spocialcorrespondents always signed by1 them, has forgotten to do. so - in tho case, of its contributions from BreWia. That / anonymityfor / the Temtts deprives its statements of hext'to' all value. . The French,, not the less, have to a(Lmt ;'thiit neither--the British OJoyernment nor the British nation were cognisant of the raid against the Trani rani,, and ython' fully informed of the lamentable facts tlicy did not hesitate to indignantly condemn i'heui. But that said, I'readeiit Kruger is not relieved, from the -responsibility of removing a souree'of trouble and of grave danger to South" Africa,• by tolerating the political; arid civic iniquities • that cry. aloud :for redress.in his republic. - They were Jn toierances ; .and evils of not an un like nature that led to the dis appearance of Poland; " Incapable , to' lie mended, .olio was ended. Every well organised: Government eannot re main indifferent to, cannot allow, chaos and nnrest:ta continue' in States, claim ing, to be, more or less f independent, while touching its frontiers;how nin'ch less; can they be expected to display angelic" patience when such a dissolvent exists dwithin; its f own realms. The United States compelled the. Mormons to iftfet " because, their mode of govern-, merit was • in violation'- of civilised usages. -Ultimately thb sect had to he squeezed, into conformity with' modern laws and customs. There is an international exhibition party, whose members, -like -- .' the academicians, are immortal. : They keep alive the sacred fire of world's fairs by annual banquets and mutual admiration yams. Ono.olthese feasts has just taken place, and endless paeans were iudidged in respecting the 1900; coming glory". The futiire show docs not dcvclop-fhe ghost of enthusiasm, save among the officials" and the hahgera-bn with- axes tb grind.. It is gratify ingto find that the dissidentshave joined the-majbrity, , and that' aU is going as a marriage bell. It is strange that no view6 of what the 1900 Exhibition building is, or will.be; are displayed in; the .photo shops, the fine art depots, or on poekothandker chicfs. The structure; is too big tp he done in gingerbread or; to figure on n pipe howl. Ko' eighth: wonder of the world has.yet been registered as due at the. show. The project of opening flats deep into the earth corre sponding to, geological .strata has been renounced! the heat of the apartments would be so intense that only salaman ders could become tenants. Deputy Deloncle, who has British evacuation of Egypt on' the brain, .has received tho raw material of the glass for his big telescope, ■ which is to. bring the moon within .40 miles of our eves.- With the Itontgen X ray .the deputy ought to he ahlo to solve immcmis equations,, such' ns .when "tho constitution mil to revis^SfiJ when the Al ton list of J 04 purists wilLs .^printed;.wKou lVcsiflontlCrugpLV^iilf;'! risit London; an;l wjhcu:tlic Dangoinfrij/irii^ de luxe mil start for Xurfiu'andKyfcrri,:?; calling- at Johannesburg. fpf \growling|^ TJitlandcra. /riic glass -will be* abledby£ riiako4'cvtdations tcfore tci/ig tlefinitelySl mounted. It ought to kill theguild:\oi^ somnambulists';: and break dho/bchrkoife IMllc-'Angol-Gabriel Couldou. ; Could'cl the. fortune-telling spyglass not ' bd V. worked; in- with; the pcnny-ih-tticrslbtfil machines ?' The latter now tiirow off'i'a the Vhnlfpcnny-a-lick ices in tinfoil!;:' packages.:. . L: : vlWhotlicr-the; Belgian troops on the 1 .Congo"; Joiu:. (or-- otherwise) ■ Italy - andd'| England 'to"smash Mahdism, itmusknotj# j he '.forgotten. that. the - 'cominanfiiht^i Lothaire, cooilyand wiKuUymnrcTeredon|sl innocent "British subject,, and Lbthaire'st§ punishment cannot he bought off brany-L; mess of pottage. ;Sincg the militaryrenMsK| snnce of England set. im last: Januniy^jit she must display a Cromwell rigour infj teaching; nations, how ..to respect. ' hctitf sons/ . There must be no temporising^ with the British: ilogroo doctrine, api''J plicable to. all. parts..' of the .world-=i'£ civis RoiHfinus ego- tstiui. : The kimguigSt of \Iothairo from a " big tree" in the ; Soudan, would; have-more effect on tho'd ilhhdists than a battalion ■ of; Beigiani.^ OmcrXothairc.into the dock,at Brusselkifft and: let" justice take a few ihstantahe^J? of his crime., . I1-', *! ./ The autormobilc veluclescommtecco-toSj be very numerous, in •• the : stveeik; ;i Bel.wcentheinandbiorcleSjhthera'willS;; soon be; no moving safely in the• ei^yVf.-'i The; cyclists; seem to .make;aklSondmj=| sacrifieo tohot'block the.waythey^afeSj thi victims1 of mortal accidents. Bat,1"; tfiOT,vtbey,rcany,"'such'"ainuin3iM^g-S packages) on their heads, " strappcd-;'oa;l: their)hacks, hr-tied to .thb' niacMhp^tlnityl being. crus'hedheyondaUsurgery-iS'to/;; ■be expected.. A motor a car_ can; pull;-; up within a yard, especially when.- run^ into'Jiy a three-horse omnibus;: a. cyclist -J cahnbtlcome'tpla ■ standstill .withhitilat^i short distance often.liis ,eoursp-is -hutJaiS choice between Scylla and ChoryMis/v) It-appears'that iftheseparceb/ddiveiyi) cyclists- dc converted into pancakes, tl'.c .' persons- who .employ them. as carriers-,' can.hodicld liable for damages .to : thoi. rela'riyes;.,.. Happily:' h^-seV"stilhf.\yeahv; winkers, so aire enable to perceive theirr./ rivals the automobiles. A hew invcife a tion has appeared, the raft-bicycle; -/Iffy; is a wheeler On dry land,/with a carriaggyii .annexe; ,'ithe latter Van'he fixed up Way;, canoe, and.wheelsman" and his.hikc^L'cSicj cross a stream, wind- and- weather-.,pcrj'Ji mitring.-• a: Parisians arc. busy packing npvtqs retire totlieir,. suburban reridenpesi- fork; the summer. : The ability. to'i'doy&oij; is ever , a barometory. of; tho- "wcll^ being of . a family. Unable foVqaiiji: his" city ..flat, .'pains '. patcifainiHas mi; account of-his el^idi^'s..]i^tlifl^v^^ dulgcs in no.false.pride in. the' teepingk I up of appearances. - He1 informs t affy; whom it may interest that- ho cannot; afford the' expense, so phflosophicallyji resigns to seek i consolation - inhis.cafe;/ with old cronies in a game of pppjbtjy and drawipgouthis mazagranbrfbocky to keep his. throat moist hyhndsipsk till the hour. fixed by his'.wifd forithh^ cihfow copies round. But he will never.; get into 'debt for the will-b'-the-;wispifflp| of keeping up. appearances. One" .pf i. the J.-; greatest pleasures I of ; residing/ m ; Prance is - that a Mrs.. Grundy) is • n»s more' rc-cogniscd . than the Ducd'tirjj leans ' orPrince ' Victor HapolMnjl and. that the Prcnch do not bestow .thai slightest attention upon, or ipkthp/rbj'-; iriotest way concern. themsdvea, about*;'; your movements or affairs. There'are) fewer families " summering'.'-this scashhj than as compared with' other'; rimes j) there would be less only forthc'eAep-i sion of the co-cporative aystem^widcnJ enables families to board' and: dbagal together; It is a highly/. 'economical fonn of collectivism, and is • not -thjr worse for the ha'ckhitings and fratcrnh' tics, the . exchange' of nmlcdictionsy ahdc the swearing of ' eternal friendships i.But that's life "and love. The remains of ail the. Czarsof Kus.-,ia ginae Peter tho Great lioin a memorial chapel bailfc on one of the islands of tlis lieva/- All'tllS cenotaphs ore exactly alike, each being-.,» block of white marblp without any decoration whatever; /The only distinction -by/which each is marked laths - name .of the; deceased ;Emperor, . .;; - 