o t x » to Cop . Bike.—How do w'e knçw if the bicycle is going to supplant the horse ? We know at anyrate that it is likely to supplant the " poodle'' at Chiltern. Last Sunday morning we foimd a piece of india rubber tyre in our breakfast sausage ! We don't want the odious thing mentioned in our hearing again. Turu your attention to a more digestible theme the next time you write to us. NELLIE.—You complain to us of the treatment yoii received from your " young n\an'' last Sunday. You sq,y that you made him a birthday present of a beautiful black tie, and that he refused " to go to church dressed in it," at which you are indignant. You muet be a funny sort of a girl, Nellie. Where were you reared ^nyway ? Are you an aboriginal ? We should think he would refuse to go to church on Sunday last, hot and all as it was, in such sparse raiment as a black silk tie. Is that the way the young men dress, where you come from? For we assume you are a stranger here and not yet familiar with the customs and manners of the district. If Constable Bones met him in such fancy- ball costume as you suggest, few would envy him his board aúd residence for the next three months. Young wqipan, we advise you to leave this district,'as 'soon as ever you can gather your belongings into a red cotton pocket handkerchief ; ^nd take your young man with yon. too, if he can trust his future to such a radical as you appear to be. Eorrir.—You seem hard to please, young woman. You take objection to the gaudy colours of the young fellows who compriso our lopal band, and say «• it makes tbieni conceited." Well, and suppose it does ! Is your own sex free from the imputation when they sfc^rfc q-it for phurch on Sunday morning. with a new head-gear largely elaborated with the plumage of ' some tropical fowl ? Nq, we don't agree with you, Edith. As for our^elyes we rather admire these gorgeoujsly buUiqu-striped trousers worn by city band- masters, always reminding us of a narrow gauge railway. Besides, what c%n l^ea prettier sight than to see yquug felloes blossom out like the jewelled çide of a pa\|rnbroker'j window, dressed out at Chri?ttr,as time to attract the country visitor ? Yqu have no taste Edith. That goes without contradiction. Bicycle.—You can spa by o ( ur answer to " Bike," that we are averse to cleal with any theme in which the bicycle plays a p»rt ? We won't clhcusa this potential faotor of immeasurable çastropbe —not at any price, young fellow. And alrqost for. the same reason that prompts us never tQ touch mustard. We'll confide that episode in 04r life to yctu some day—when the goodygoodies a\:« away on a holiday, arçd not likely to seethe issue in which wo purpose to. be, confidential. In the meantime wo reiterate our assertion that we won't touch the " bike" queries upon any inducement. W.P.—You allow your zeal tq outrun your discretion. We knew the man from first to last, but allowed the game to be played out on the dupes to the bitter end It is the same man of South Melbourne immortal memory. Surely we ought to know something about that. We a,lso know of the Melbourne Town Hall incident, that created a sensation at the time, but whioh was hashed up through the forbearance aí the victim®. West Australia, though far away, added another item to the varied incidents of this remarkable career! We may be tempted to speak out on the next occasion. Silence may l(e golden, but it is not always the best policy to pursue. In this case, however, we thought, and still thiuk, it was, Under the circuuutanees. Mad as a Hatter.—Well, we see nothing foi it but to cairn do»vn. You gain nothing by your ineffectual anger. We have lost umbrellas ourselves before to-day. We never lay our umbrella aside now, when we enter any house. We have made it 4 rule of our life, owing to the loss of an occasional , guinea umbrella in our day to tri^t qo man, or woman, either, when tl^e gods favor them, or the moment is propitious for annexing our giugham. The majority of people regard umbrellas in the same light as the goods of the early Christians were viewed. The tendency of the age is to nationalise this most coveted thing. With regard to all umbrellas, tare our own, our mortis are t little lax. In fact we are disposed to think, that umbrellas should not be held under the narrow restrictions of an efFete indivi dualism. Charlie.—Youhftveour.cleepest sympathy, poor hoy. She ha* treated you scandalously, according, to your version of the case. Read, ing your p ithetic account was like the ghost of our .own youth looking back at as out of the mirror of memory. We were, there, Charlie, ourselves. Aud, would you credit it, were thrown over for afellownobetterlooking thau the newspaper fellow down—? But no, we will be generous. And we wero good looking then Charlie, as you may well ffuesa hy our great physical attractions at this dar. Forget her Charlie. Forget her, my boy. Learn the lessons of wisdom from age and experience— especially experience. 