FARMERS' UNIONS ANO ASSOCIATIONS. AT présent there is a disposition amongst the agricultural and dairy communities of the.colony to form themselves into unions, or some such organisation, for their protec- tion. It is strange that while there are labour organisations and pastoral unions, such a large body as the farmers should be disunited, or, at least, not represented by an association of any description.. That the loss is theirs is very easily seen.' Powerful organisations representing the farming industry could be formed without either trouble or expense, provided the element of. union were prevalent amongst the body .of farmers. This may be taken for granted to exist, as the interests of producers are identical, and the only reason why some asso- ciation does not exist is simply due to indiffer- ence, or from the want of some leading and energetic spirits to take the initiative. Each district should have its union, the. several centres being represented by delegates. The principle might.be carried further, so that cané-growers and dairymen might each have their unions, as well ns those who are recog- nised under the more broad distinction of farmers. These could combine where their interests warranted'.. Or one general' union could espouBO the cause of. the whole pro- ducing interests, cane, maize, dairy produce, poultry and pigs. At Muswellbrook, Mudgee, Scone and other centres of the colony, steps are being taken for the formation of unions," and the movement appears to bo spreading. In Queensland, cane - growers' .unions are being formed, and one called the Pioneer :Ri.ver" Farmers''Association- did; good work during its brief career. . Through' its agency, reductions in the duties on farm implements and^ machinery were ' ohtaiiied. Polynesian labour- regulations passed in favour of the planter, the scope of the State Nursery was enlarged to admit of experiments in cane growing and manuring being carried on. When the advantages of a union become to he experienced, bur farmers will wonder how they had got along for sb lengthened a period without a representative association of this character. ils FLIRTATION WORSE THAN ADULTERY. Madame Bentzon, in an interesting article upon "Family Life In America," maintains that the French consider flirtation as bad as adultery. She admits that with Americans, who have co-education of the sexes, lt may not be quite so Bimple One does not seem to know In ' the least that flirtation trans-j planted from-America into certain Parisian I circles inspires in us a horror equal to that with which Puritans severely regard 'ain;\ because we do not see in flirtation the excusé of an irresistible passion. .Flirtation ls a constant transgression of the law : " Thou shalt : not play. with, love." In its native country it may be rendered inoffensive most of the time by the temperament and. the habits of those who give themselves up to lt. It all depends on the partner one has In this game,-on the conventionality on which one rests,-on the education which has prepared us. for it. Go-education radically modifies the elements that enter into the future inter- course between men and women, v It tempers maidenly shyness bri the one side and passion on the other, it clothes the. young girl jn an armour of assurance,-and Alls the young man with, reserve and respect. I- believe that' it has, at. the bottom, ,a better effect bri him than on her. Long habit prevents most of the inconveniences that we should expect. From the kindergarten onward, the future woman learns to guard herself, and. receives from her masculine comrades those pro- tecting attentions, which they will show, toward her all her life.; ; ' ,'. <*.'-..'. INEXPENSIVE FOOTBRIDGE. - A' 'cheap footbridge is described In the Leader made over the Ovens River by Mr. Hodgeos, who owns' land on each side, Two , wire;ropes, each formed bfttve or six strands of fencing' wire; are stretched in parallel lines,* a few, feet apart, from bunk to bank, and; firmly secured to trees. Upon these the planking is laid. and fastened with wire, and tho structure ls completed with two slighter wires stretched across . for hand rails. The 'entire cost was less than £5. Mr. John Hurst, J.P., of Summerleigh, near Romsey, has had a similar bridge over the Deep Creek, con- necting his properties, for many years, No trees being available, Mr. Hurst had to put in piles, and fasten the twisted wires to posts embedded in the ground at either end. The bridge is remarkable for Its simplicity, arid although it has a span of upwards of 100ft., it has only cost' Mr, Hurst £2 10s. Being above flood level and very. ; strongly con- structed, this bridge is likely to. last.fbr'an almost unlimited period of years. : THE SILO.-The; silo ls fast j winning its way into favour with _the Victorian" dairy farmers. Bach 'season ensilage linds a number of new advocates, and the man who once experiences the benefits of the system never allows u good season to' pass without making due provision for the time of dearth. Southern papers declare that every dairyman who has a good silo «nd who had fed its con- tents Intelligently this winter, applauds to the echo the silage system. All maintain that it will revolutionise dairying wherever it is properly' adopted. ' > The greatest recommendation of the silo is (hat material otherwise useless is made available " for fodder when subjected to the process. ' Corn i stalks, thistles, weeds,. " rubbish ".. of ' all ' sorts may, by its aid, ho turned into a valn ! able winter stand-by with a minimum of expenditure. .,. . . . . " -] \ : À BIRTHDAY REVEL,.-On Sunday last the Japanese nt Broome, 'Western: Australia, were celebrating the birthday of a child. all of them being under the; influencé, of drink.' One "of them, leaving the party; nrnïéd him- self with a rifle, revolver, and sword,.;lind' then returned to the scene of the festivity. He fired three shots at one of his country- men, but as none "of them took effect be drew his sword and killed the man insliintly. The murderer then returned tn bis house, on tho way threatening to shoot constable Bruce and another man whom he mot. The constable being unarmed, went to procure a ride, meanwhile the Japanese entered his house arid shot himself dead. :: . : The JSoofcjiimiKlves prominence to a curious relic of the Browning family-a scrap-book filled with drawings by thefnlherof the pnot; " There .is first. of all a series of some forty heads, which, are supposed to represent the various tellers of and listeners to a ghost story. The extraordinary variety of ex- pressions, tho saturnine humour, melancholy^ cunning, lear, and the lui uti red other emotions depicted on tho. faces, remind, one of nothing sn much as Browning's own great human gallery." v : . : . ; . . .. . " j : An enterprising firm of American bicycle manufacturers has presented Miss Russell, the prima donna, with a golden bicycle. This is tho second presentation to the singer. Tho manufacturers themselves .ara the authority for tup statement that this wheel cost com- plete £280. Every partof ' the wheel which could be plated has three layers of gold,' and the value of the bullion'used-in the plating process was £100. r -A French florist has offered a prize of £1200 to any one who can produce a plant which will yield blue roses. 