TOWN TALK. The yacht Sunbeam, with His Excel lency Lord Brassey and Lady Brassey on board, left Hobson's Bay at eight o'clock on Wednesday evening for Sydney. The vessel cleared Port Phillip Heads about eight o'clock yesterday morning, and a couple of hours later she was signalled off Cape Schanck. Contrary to expectations, the members of the Bellarine shire council did not take advantage on Wednesday of the visit of His Excellency Lord Brassey to Drysdalo to present the new Governor with the illuminated address thev had prepared for him on the 4 th February. The notice of the Governor's iuteution to visit | Drysdule, in order to inspect the United I Service Home, was too short to permit of the council being summoned to meet Lord Brassey's party, which consisted of the Eurl of Shuftesbury, Sir Holled Smith, Commander Collins, Major Purchas, Captain Neville, Mr E. G. Fitzgibbon, Rev. Dean O'Hea, and the Rev. Father Kennedy. His Excellency, on landing from the steamer Courier, was, however, welcomed atPortarlington by Mr F. Willoy, J.P., und Mr Edward Harvey, J.P., one of the members of tho Bellarine shire council, and a large assemblage of residents of Portarlington. In the course of a visit to Geolong yes terday Mr W. R. Church, the energetic secretary of the Royal Horticultural Society of Victoria, was interviewed by a few local citizens concerning tho proposal to establish a Horticultural Society in Geelong. A society of that character was in existence in Geelong for a few years, and it is now intended to renew interest in this important subject by the formation of anew society. Mr Church mentioned that he would make an effort to attend the preliminary meeting, which will be held shortly, to assist in the work of thoroughly organising tho new society, and advising as to the most advantageous lines upon which the socioty may bo managed. Next Monday a meeting of the Gee long Town Council will be held at 7.30 p.m. The notice paper of the business to bo brought before the council consists of recommendations by the several com mittees, which has been already re ported. Owing to the Geelong Swimming Club having failed to.bold their annual swim ming matches this season, tho directors of the Geelong Sea Bathing Company have arranged for swimming competitions to lake place next Saturday afternoon, weather permitting, in the Eastern baths. The object of the natatory exhibition is to encourage swimming and not to obtain money, and this is shown by the fact that the charge for admission wiil be 3d, giving onlookers the right to have a bath at the conclusion of the matches. Tho races will he for boys and youths under the ages from S years to 18 years, and the programme arranged includes the following events and distances: Under 8 years, 50yds.* under 10 years, 75yds; under 12 years, 100yds; under 14 years, 150yds; under IS years, 200yds. • In the first four events three prizes for each event will be given, the prizes consisting of useful books, and suitable prizes will be offered to competitors between the ages of 16 and 18 years. A trophy, given by the Corio Bay Rowing Club, is offered to swimmers under the age of 18 years, and a well-known bather has promised to give a silver medal for competition among bathers under the age of 16 years. It is, not intended to severely handicap the various swimmers. The train from Ballarat last night in stead of arriving at five minutes past nine o'clock did not reach tho Geelong railway station until 10.30 o'clock. The delay was occasioned by some disar rangement of the train service beyond Ballarat. The lost train for Melbonrne instead of leaving Geelong at 9.25 p.m.', did not leave for the metropolis untii 10.50 p.m. A slight collision occurred in the Market-square yestorday afternoon be tween a cab driven by Mr J. Mead and a conveyance belonging to Mr George Gardiner, of Marshnlltown. The cabman who was driving one of our Upper Houso representatives to his office" in Yarra street, took a sufficiently wide turn when going round tho corner of Messrs Bright and Hitcbcocks' establishment to clear himself of responsibility, and his pas senger had the matter settled to his satisfaction, tho damage being trifling. A case decided at the police court yesterday was of considerable interest to residents of Germantown, inasmuch as it was a test of the legality of their action m removing marl from a pit reserved for the purpose 20 years since. Since that time they had been drawing upon an ex tensive deposit of the material, which is of great value to them oil account of its fertilising properties, without taking' out licenses under tho Land Act. At tlm instance of the South Barwon shire council the area reserved was increased about two years ago by tho inclusion of three-quarters of an acre additional. .Several witnesses called for tho defence of a young man, who was charged with re moving loam, gave evidence that tho material was practically all marl, aud that they had been in (he habit of ca'rtiii" it on to their land without paying any license fee, under the impression that the reservation of the pit gave them the necessary authority. The information was dismissed, in view of the evidence that the material removed was marl, hut the henclx practically decided against tho j residents by expressing the opinion that j the reservation ot the pit did not cntitlo [ anyone to take it away free of charge I Further proceedings aro likely to be taken in the matter. At tho Geelong "VVest police court yesterday forenoon there was one sum mons ease before tho magistrates, Messrs P. Smyth and E. Coulson. The action was Spcnoe v. Dickson to recover £7 8s, for use aud occupation of a house and shop. Mr Goddnrd appeared for tho complainant, and the justices gave an order for tho amount claimed with £1 3s 6d costs. A police ease of considerable public in terest is to he heard in Geelong next luesday, the defendant being George Cuiiningbaui. He has been summoned to the police court on two charges of having unlawfully 'and ' maliciously wounded Jus. Higgins and R. Stockdule. Hie steamer Age left Newcastle for Geelong with 3000 tons of ooal early i yesterday morning. [ Tho steamship Wendoureo, which lias boon the subject of inquiry by tho bangster Board, continues to exhibit her seaworthiness by runuing between Ade laide and Noweastle. She arrived at Adelaide on Wednesday evening froni Newcastle with a cargo of 3000 tons of coal. (But has she met that storm vet which will test her seaworthiness ?) ' ^ The matinee performance of " Uncle Tom's Oivhin," which is to ho civen in the ExhiWtioh Theatre ^morrow afternoon for tho benefit of country residents and school children, will be upon tho scale of com pleteness that lias characterised' its successful production during the past two pyemngs. The drama, which is founded upon Mrs JleecherSlowe's famous story of Southern life before the emancipation of the slaves, lias much to commend it from a moral aurl relieious point of view in addition to its merits "as' a fine spec tacular oiitertainuiorit. The performance will be begun at two, and children ivill be admitted at half price. Special atton- , tion is called to the production this even- ; in# of the emotional drama, " East' Lynue," to be followed by a variety ' entertainment by Frank Clark's " All Star Company." j Mr S. H. Justin, who came out hero , with Zimmerman, and has made two or three journeys round the world on matters connected with cycling, recently gave his impressions of Australia to au English paper. He says that in the streets of Melbourne more cyclists are to bo seen than in any other city in the world, and the reason is, he supposes, that the streets are so perfectly made. He further said, " If you ask me for uiy opinion as to which is the finest city in the world I should say Molbourne." Mr Justin stated that £80,000 worth of cycles were exported from England to Australia in 1895. On his way back to England Mr Justin visited the American cycle shows, and he found the progress of cycling more marked in America than anywhere else. It has been roported to the police that n riding saddle and a single rein bridle, valued at £3, and belonging to a farmer named John Buckley, of Cororooke, were stolen out of the stable at tho Union Club Hotel, Colac, on the 17th inst. Inquiries are being made by the police as to the whereabouts of a boy named Edward Duncan, aged 13 years, who absconded from his foster parent, Mrs Giles, at' South Geelong, on the 17th inst. An Albury telegram to the " Argus " says" A sensation was caused on Wed nesday on tho receipt of tho intelligence of a wonderfully rich gold discovery at Back Creek, Tumbarumba, about 100 miles irom Albury. Tho discovery was made by Heincke Bros., who obtained 373oz of gold from a piece of stone only •141b weight. The stone was taken from a depth of 10ft, and though tho lead is not yet well defined the country is being pegged out in all directions for a radius of about three miles. Mining operations have been carried on in the district with varying success for some years, but this is tho first remarkably rich find made." A new steamer, intended for employ ment in the intercolonial trade here, is about to be constructed in Sunderland, England. The vessel is for tholluddart. Parker line, and will bo built on tho most approved modern principles. Her dimensions will be: Length, 260ft; breadth, 41ft; and depth of hold, 25ft ; and her cargo carrying capacity' will bo equal to about 3000 tons. Special atten tion to passenger accommodation both in the saloon and steerage will be paid, and in point of speed the steamer will take a front rank among her coastal rivals. The German Emperor is having a big racing cutter built on the Clyde from designs of Mr G. L. Watson. The secret has been well kept, but it was let out by the Emperor himself in a telegram to the officer in command of the naval station at Kiel, in which he stated that ho handed over his old favorite Meteor to the German navy as a training vessel, and that henceforth she would be known as the Comet, as he had decided to retain tho name of Meteor for his now cutter. To-night, at the Gordon College, a lecture will be delivered under the auspices of the Geelong Field Naturalists' Club by Mr H. T. Tisdall, F.L.S., of 'Melbourne, tho subject being, " The edible fungi of Victoria." Mr Tisdall's ability as a scientist and lecturer is so well known that it is hardly necessary to recommend him to tho public of Geelong, and thoso who are fortunate in hearing Mr Tisdall this evening should receive an intellectual treat. The Field Naturalists' Club of Geelong are to be commended in their noble object in thus, by lectures, papers, and practical work, extending, in no small degree, the advancement of natural science, especially that of our own district. By advertise ment in another column, a hearty invi tation is given to visitors to bo present af the lecture this evening, and members arc requested to meet punctually at 7.15 p.m. Visitors will be admitted at a quarter tc eight. Last Tuesday afternoon the remains oi the late Mr Win. Shechan were buried in tho Queenscliff cemetery. The funeral cortetje was headed by a large number oi tho brethren of the local and districi Masonic lodges, and the local lodge of the Ancient Order of Foresters, the hearse and mourning coaches being fol lowed by 20 private and public vehicles containing very many friends of the deceased gentleman. At the cemetery the pall beavers comprised members of the Queenscliff borough council, the Masonic and Foresters bodies, whilst two services were hold at the grave, the first being by the Rev. Mr Beattie, Presby terian minister, and tho second by the Rev. J. H. Wilkinson, chaplain to tho Cosmopolitan lodge of Freemasons at the 'Cliff. Both were eulogistic of tho deceased, who it wus stated wus generous in the extreme, a good and valuable resi dent of the borough, and one who could be ill-spared from the community. Tho mortuary arrangements were conducted by Mr Wm. Priddle, undertaker, of Queenscliff. To-night tho combined concert by tho Liedertafol and Artillery Band will be held in Johnstone Park, when a first class programme of operatic and instru mental music will be rendered by the two organisations. A very small charge is being made for admission to tho concert, and this should ensure a big attendance of the music loving public. Wo have been requested to notify that admission to the grounds will be by way of the main gates to the park in Qhcringhap street, and they will be open at 7.30. After about ten weeks' prospectiug at a locality near the Abercrombie River, known as Rocky Bridge Creek, in the district of Careoar, Messrs James Lock aud N. Davis have succeeded iu obtaining, on what is locally kuown us the opal field, geuis yvhich are pronounced by experts to be beautiful opals of the first water. Mr Bondurant, the Government to bacco expert, has furnished the secretary for Agriculture with a report on his recent visit to the tobacco plantations in tho North-Eastern district. He states that the planters have yet much to learn iu the method of cultivating tobacco and curing and grading tho leaf. The curing sheds wore in most instances of a primi tive kind, with open sides, instead of boing closed, with spaces for ventilation to regulate tho temperaturo. He adds that before the industry can prosper here steps will have to be taken to ascertain what varieties of tobacco thrive best in particular districts, in different soils, and climate. With the view of obtaining this information ho recommends that tho Government should establish experi mental stations in various parts of the colony, where several varieties of tobacco could bo grown, and that which was found to bo best adapted for the district could then be grown by the farmers in the locality with a fail- prospect of obtaining a remunerative return. Ho also suggests that model curing houses should be erected at these experimental stations, which could bo visited by in tending growers of the tobacco, and the methods of cultivation, curing, and grading practised there watched by them, so that they might benefit from these practical object-lessons. Mr Bondurant concludes by remarking that if Crown lunds'arc not available for theso experi mental stations tho owners of land in a district might combine ar.d purchaso'a small block of a few acres and baud it over to tho Government as a site for a station, as it would be to their interest to do so. A contest of an interesting nature to military mpp took pluoo on Saturday afternoon betweou tho trained signallers of the Second Battulion Infantry Brigade and a corps of cyclists which Colonel Burstou, tlio officer commanding, has lately attached to that ' battalion; A message of some 30 words, referring to the advance guard of a supposed enemy, was sent from the' Powlott'-street' drill grouiid to bo delivered to an officer stationed at Mont Albert, 6J miles Sis tant. The signallers having: been pre-i', viously permitted to arrange stations | along the route, four commanding j positions were selected, and from these the flags were worked by the ordinary ' Morse code, both bodies reociving the , messego at the same time. The j oyclists had tho advantage of some j few minutes . in tho delivery oLj their despatch at Mont Albert, and delivered the return answering message( in 54 minutos from tho time they hud first left Powlett-street, the sigualiors' answer not coining through for a long time afterwards. The work of the cycling corps, under Lieutenant Kerr Freeman, is regarded as very smart for a body of five men, particularly as Saturdny morn ing's rain had spoilt the roads, although the dull weather also affected the quick ness of sight reading of the flags. A shocking fatality occurred at Albuvy I at two o'clock yesterday morning. On the main railway lino, about a mile from Albury, at the hour mentioned, a fettler named Adam Dick was conveying Mrs Davoy, a nurse, from Albury station on a tricycle along the lino to attend his wifo. About a mile out they were overtaken by an engine, which was running out to a cattle trucking yard to pick up trucks. Dick jumed off and tried to pull the tricyclo off the line, but he failed to do so. Mrs Davey then jumped, but, being a heavy woman, she fell 011 tho line, and was run over by the engine. The woman's head was completely severed, as well as both logs and one arm. A rather serious loss was sustained 011 Wednesday evening at Portarlington by Mr Massingham, photographer, of Gee long. Some commotion was caused in shipping several racehorses on the steamer Courier, and Mr Massingham, who was about returning from tho Port to Geelong, whilst looking after seveial packages he was placing on tho vessel, left a valuable camera and outfit on the wharf. Tho package on tho wharf was not missed until the steamer left for Geelong, and yesterday morning, when the police were communicated with, it was ascertained that 110 0110 had reported the fiudiug of the camera. On Wednesday afternoon, about four o'clock, a train arriving at Colae was unable to pull up at tho station owing to tlio fact that the rails were extremely slippery after the heavy rain which had just fallen. 'The truiu dashed 011 through tho gates at the Gravcsend-street cross- j ing, which wore carried away. It was mentioned about a fortnight siuce that a set of buggy harness, belong ing to the Rev. W. Burridgo, of Coluo, and formerly of Geelong, was stolen from tho coaehhouso at the rear of that gentle man's residence. On Wednesday evening it was reported to tho police that Mr Burridgo's horse had been stolen. On Wednesday last Mounted«eonst,-.hlo Kiely, who is stationed at Portarlington, had a narrow escape from serious injury. When about to mount his horse the animal suddonly started to play up, and tho constable, who had one foot in the stirrup, was placed at a disadvantage, as I10 failed to secure a hold of the saddle. The horse by its plunging managed to throw the trooper with great violence on to a grass plot, the left side of his faeo being severely bruised. Mr John James, tho well known horse and cattle breeder, of Glen Alvio station, near Colae, is to ho a passenger by tho steamer Austral which leaves for Euglaud 011 Saturday. He intends being away from the colony for about six months, and whilst in the mother country ho will procure for residents of this district—two first-class draught stallions, sevoral pure bred shorthorn bulls, three Berkshire pigs for the firm of Messrs Robinson, Burns and Sparrow, and some choice descriptions of poultry for district breeders. Mr Morrish, of Pirron Yalloak, sus tained a very serious loss about three o'clock 011 Tuesday morning, when his large hay stack containing about 50 tons of first-class hay was burned to the ground. The only conclusiou Mr Morrish can come to regarding the origin of the fire is that a spark from tho firos of potato diggers, who are camped .vithin 50 or GO yards of tho stack, must have blown 011 to the stack and thus caused tho conflagra tion. Tho loss will be a very severe one, as 011 Saturday last Mr Morrish refused £100 for tho stack, which was not insured. Arrangements have been made by the members of tho Victorian Police Brass Band, to give a grand entertainment on the Melbourne Cricket Club's Ground, on Wednesday evening, 1st April. Tho object in view is to replenish tho fund of the police band, which bus been, during its existence of four years and six months instrumental in distributing among tho different chnritublo institutions, a sum of £2265. The appeal now made to the public is to provide tho band with music and instruments, so that the bandsmen may continue the good nnd generous services. The police band in their entortaiiiment will lie assisted by tho Victorian Railways Musical Society, numbering40 members, and the band of the 1st battalion of Victorian Rangers. There is also to be a grand display of fireworks, specially arranged for tho occasion by the Phoenix Fireworks' Company. Tho charge for admission to the cricket ground, wiil be Is, and an extra shilling for a seat in the grand stand, overlooking the cricket arena. Correspondents sending paragraphs for this culuinn relating to Societies, Church Unions, Lodges, etc., Kill please observe that no an nouncements of ovents to take place aroadinis siblo in such paragraphs unless tlioy refer to un advertisement in another part of tho paper. Mr Clms. Sommers will sell by auction on Monday next, on tho various lots, starting at 11.30, valuublo and centrally situated town properties, tho property of Mr G. F. Warner, who is leaving the colony. Entries for tlm athletic sports meoting to be held at tho Clifton Springs, near Diysdalo, will bo received until nine o'clock 011 Saturday evening. McssrsII. Blomfield Browu and Co. will sell by auction, this morning, at 11 o'clock, on the premises of Mrs Tangye, Ryrio-street, house hold furniture nnd effects, also piano by Carl Hess. Tho usual fortnightly meeting of the Congre gational Church Literary Society took place in the schoolroom 011 Tueadny evening. Mr W. H. Iliggins, vice-president, occupied tho cliaii and there was a good attendance of members. ' After tho business of the class had been dis posed of tho subject for tho ovening, viz., " Magazino night" was entered upon. Papers, contributed by the members, were read on : " Tlio greatest evils of tlioday," " Woman and | lady," " Woman on a bicycle," ''The ghost period," " Tho ant," " How to look at life," " Origin of the words ' tariff and foolscap and turncoat,' " " Suggestion for musical even ing," " Receipt for happiness," " Am tne chuiu letters now in existence a hoax or other wise ? " "An acrostic: What is truthV" " Bachelors ! " by the magazino editor, Miss II. Ottowaj, assisted by tlio members, also Bovoral poems in blank verso, which were much appreciated by those present. Criticisms wore freely indulged in by tlio members, and tlio remarks by tho Iiev. Mr Bongcrs, of New a South Wales, who was most cordially wol- 1 coined by the chairman, met with a hearty reception. A vote of thanks to tlio magazine editor terminated a very pleasant and profit- j able evoning. Mr H. F. Richardson will sell by auction in tho Exhibition Hull, commencing at II a.m. to-day, a large consignment of Japanese goods direct from the manufacturers, consisting of crockeryware, bamboo fishing rods, basket ware, brooms, toilet soap, ami a quantity of carpenters' tools, etc. Tho usual weekly meeting of the German town Mutual Imjirovemont Association was held last Tuesday evening at tho W esloyan schoolroom, Germautowu, tho president (Mr T. Horwood) in the chair, and there was a fair at- 1 tendance of members. After some business | bad been transacted tlio subject for tho even ing, '• History," was proceeilud with. Short, but oxcellent, papers wore road, ono by Mr P. Winter oil tho •' History of Australia," another by Mr O. Rau on the " History of South Africa," and another by Mr Pacholke on tho " History of Anciont Britain." Aftor tho read ing of each paper a disoussiou took place among the members on tho subject matter of tlio papers read, which proved full of instruc tion. Tlip Roy. J. Cameron acknowledges, with thanks, the recuipt of XI towards tho building fund of tho proposed Belmont Anglinan Church from Mr John Ley, of Batmbool Hills. 