S. JOHN'S CRURC? . The recently installed vicar of S. John's, the Rev. T. J. Bentley, B.A., officiated for the first time on Sunday last when largo congregations grcetvd him both morning and evening. In tile morning the rev. gentleman preached from St. John, xxt., verses l5,1 and 17:"So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these ! He sailh unto him, Yea, Lird; thoun knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs. He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas. Invest thou me ? He saith onto him, Yea. Lord ; thou knowest that I love'thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep. He saith onto him tile third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lonvest thou me! Peter was grieved be. cause he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me! And he taid unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou koowest that I love thee. Jesus saith nnto him, Feed my sheep." In the course of an exceeding!y appropriate discoorse, which was greatly appreciated by his auditors, the preacher said that the supreme qunalification and test of the pastoral office was love to Christ, the Chief Shepherd, and this love must not he self-reliant but ?trustful and dependent- its expression was not "I knoiw. that I love thee," but " Thou knowest that I love thee." Love was the pastor's one thing. needful ; gifts of, eloquence, nobility of character, powers of ligllt and leadership in true relorm, knowledge atid research, were all requisite "i their own degree, but the one all comprehending en dowment for tile pastoral office was declared by the IncarnateLove to be love-for it was love which could hear all things, hope and eidurc all things, Sntler long anti no kina. The pasoral oftce was distinguished from tile epircopal in that the essence of the former was "feeding" while that of the latter was "seeing." The work of the pastor was ercellently symbolised in the shepherd's staff, with its three constituent parts of crook, rod and goad, In these might be traced the threefold aspect of min'itetial work-priestly, kingly, pro phetic. With the crook of love the shepherd was to recover the lapsed and straying members of the flock from the pit falls and thorns of sin and difficulty ; with the rod of love, righteousness and impar tiality lie was to. hold the balance even be tween contending interests, to reprove, re buke, exhort with all, diligence and long suffering, nod to administer the Godly discipline of the Church of God ; with the goad of love he was to stimulate the indifferent qnd arouse the careless as well as, defend the flock from incursions' of the world, the fleshl and the devil. Thus the discharge of the office, to be at all efficient and teal, must involve no little difficulty, and require much tact, courage, eelf.sacrifice and faithfulness. Nothing but the love of God ashed forth by the Divine Spirit could supply the power needful to such a delicate and weighty task. On the part of the flock there wis absolute need for FympaLthy with their pastor-the symrpathy %lhich could only grow from mutual knowledge awln fir underst tuding of each other's aims and objects, the sym pathy begotten from bearing a common burden and enduring a common danger. If the flock desired to secure a faithful and living ministry, let it deal with its pastor as a man, for assuredly his office was a manly one, if it was anything, calling forth the highest attributes of mianlicss. Let there not Ibe two characters-one which was put on for the parson to see, the other the character which we really bear. What he c'esired to strive for was the blending of the good is the Low churchman with the good of the High and Bro.d, in one great Catho bec faith and practice,",o that what was worthy in each might be secured. In the evening Mr. Bentley took re his text, Romans irr., let verse, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the metecies of God, that ye present your bodies a linng sacrifice, holy acceptable unto God, wl Fch is your reasonahle service." There wJs, he said,a remarkable entrast between the manner in which St. Paul spoke in the tent and that in which all the non- Christian religions had appealed to the hearts of men. All the religions outside of Christianity had been built on the idta that the great God was a cruel and bloodthirsty being who was de'ighted to see the creatures he had created suffering and who demanded that for the ).ropitiation of sin thocheicestof the sons dnl dlaughters of men should be offered in saeri fice to him. St. Paul's basis of appeal was .ltogether different. He besought for sac rit'ce by the mercies of God, by the loving ness of God, by the tender self-sacrifice of God-by all these lie besought that those lie addressed would render up their bodies a living sacrifice. The basis upon which an appeal rested made all the difference in its power. They might appeal to men to execute the highest things, but unless the appeal was on the right basis, unless it was rightly conditioned, it would he made in vain. On this, his first Sunday amongst them. he besought, with St. Paul, by the mercies of God. He did not threaten, no man had a right to do that. He had a right to beseech them because he himself had tasted of what were termed in the text the mercies of God. Did he please to do so he could beseech them on the hasis of the authority of God, the authority of his parentage and his ownership. But lie pre ferred to base his appeal upon God's infinite mercies. God had sacrificed for them the choicest of His 'sons-His only son-and is that great sacrifice the all loving heart of the Father had been manifested, and it was on that account that appeal could te made on the basis of the mercies of God. God had not only redeemed them, but had given them the highest hopes, the largest espacities, and the best of all possible as pirations. Yet too many of them had refused to render Him the return for which He asked-had refused to make to Him the presentation of their bodies for which ice sought. It was God who had made the human body in all its beauty and perfec tion,who had bought it with the priceof IIis blood until it was no longer our own possession. That was Christianity; that was the Christian position, that we no longer belonged to ourselves,that we held our bodies and all else appertaining to us in stewardship for God. God had deigned to come from heaven and take upon himself human form to dwell in a body fashioned in all particulars as ours was and had, moreover, consecrated that body to be tileorgan andthetemplenof thieHolyGhost,by tht indwelling of which it was q ickened and sanctified. That was the crowning of all God's mercies. He besought them by the tender mercies of God the Father who had made them, of God the Son who had hought them and God the Holy Ghost who sanctified them that they should present their bodies a living sacrifice to Him. They were no longer called in sacrifice to lay upon a stone altar the bodies of their sons iand daughters. The Christian sacrifice was a living one. The essence of all sacrifice was life, as was typified by the blood, which was the essential element in the sacrifice of the old law. And life was cer tainly of the essence of the Christian sacri fice-the rendering up of the life to the God who had given it. This was the sacrifice that God badly wanted and that he gould not, receive unless his people were willing to make it. It was strange that le shonld condescend to demand this. The cattle upon a thousand hills were his and all the birds of the air, and yet the one thing for which hie craved was that which must he voluntarily and willingly given or not at all-the living bodies of his people. The sacrifice of the human body our Lord as snmed was voluntary, and so must he the sacrifice offered to him in return. He appealed to them that night to give up the best of what they had-.the heart might he merry, the pulse quick, the -:capabilities great, yet sooner or later they would have to face the terrible questinn .f their sacrifice-the determina lion, of that question would be to every man his Gethsemane. It amight ie, perhaps,that we would be drawn to make the sacrifice by the visitation of bereavement, or sickness, or bodily or mental worry. Then when we are weakened in mind or body. God would, still in his mercy, press hits claims upon us and have his will of us. He asked them not to wait for that time ot suffering and weakness, not to wait until the boly had become enfelled, poor and despised, until they had nothing to give but the poor remnant of a life. He exhorted them rather to voluntarily surrender themselves whilst they were full of strength and vigor, wlhilst their capacities and their possibilities were still great-to give to Him who had given all the hest of what was in them. God did not ask thenm for their son-s, or prayers only. He did not ask for thespirit only but for the case in which it was en closed. There was a terrible connect'on between religion and the daily life; he who worshipped well wonid live well, he who prayed well worked well. Religion did have issue in life and Christians had better bodies, because bodies more carefully used and more reverently handled those who were not Christians, and real Christians had bltter bodies than sham Christians. The Christian recognised his body as the special creation of God, as having been blought by Christ, as being the temple of the Holy (Ghost and as destined for sacrifice, and therefore was scrupulous in his care of it. The sacrifice of their bodies should he mnade in their sports, in their work in their study- in all their strength. And the poor invalid, too, had his sacrifice to make-he ncould offer to God his poor weak and suffering Ihody, who had nnmadle and hought that as he had made and ihought tihe body full of health and strength. The daily life presented frequent oppor tunities for sacrifice, and every duty and every pleasure might might he consecrated into an act of worship. The service was to lie followed ty a cele bration of the Holy Communion,in which rite tihe sacrifice of tihe living body, of the life was especially made. He asked that very many should approach the sacrament and, in the words of the service, there, at His altar, presrnt unto God Ithemselves, their souls and bodies, a holy, reasonable nndl acceptable sacrifice. The evening anthemn was Ho Shall Feed His Flock, the solo part lcing efficiently taken by lir. Alf. Langlandl. Mr. Riclhard Olney, Secretary of State, proposes that the United States shallpur chase the Dutch West Indies for 10,000,003 dollars. There is a good story told in the Scolttisl Lender- regarding a coal strike in Scotlan. Dr. l tGregor in his prayers " used to remember ' all those who travel by land and sea,' andl sometimes added. 'and all those whoso lator is underground.' On one particular Sunday during a strike, he went over the usual prayer, incorporatinr the clause as to undergroud laborers, and significantly added after a slight pansc, 'when at work.' The congregation, who were paying high prices for coals, enjoyed the qualification." i no largest assnrtment of W atcics,Ciocks and Jewellery in the district at W. SACK'S. Pr;ces to suit the times.-Anvr. A youth, aged 17, grew to death at East Bridgeport. He added 15in to his stature in two months, and his constittion could not bear the strain. In the Whitechapel County Court a widow recovered a sum which she had paid a photographer to visit a :emctery and photograph her weeping at her husband's grave. The lady waited, but to defend ant did not turn up, the Judge remarking that the plaintiff had lost thereby a " most tempting bait for another husband." The latest novelty in the "travelling business" carried on by the professional tramp is that of passing ont information from one to the other. Thus a gentleman at Camberwcll gave a trmnp t shilling, and afterwards found written on the corner of his front garden fence:-" This blokn is good for a bob." CH.AP SADDLES AT A. ABoTrr's-A splen lid assortment to choose from consisting of Queensland, South Australian and Victorian horsebreakers. Stock, park, racing and boy's saddles, also harness for milk carts and a large stock of General Saddlery and Harness A. Arnott is a cash buycr'of horsehair. \dvt 