THE MISTLETOE By the,Author of 'Married in a Dream,' '.The'Mystery !of- Greyfriar's Grange,' ' \ '~\ ' . etc., etc. I CHAPTERS I.—' Continued. One' of his follow-travellers was a so-called 'humorist.' He leaned ? ? ? out of the carriage door to call ? after- th-? retreating figure in the darkness1 : , ? . ' Good night', and a merry Christ mas when it cornea ! I say, would you 'expect a'lrierry one if you spent it'a£J2arlesmere?' ? ? No: reply came ' back from the gloom. So the speaker turned to the rest of1 his -companions with a grin. '''..'?., ''' I'll bet a penny that fellow 1ms good cause to remember Earles mefe. 'He looked scared out of his liie~ivhen he ' heard the name. Shouldn't wonder if he committed \- , a murder here years ago, and the body's been lying under the snow v. ever since. That's the sort of tiling they put in Christmas stories ; hl... come, to -think of it, there is a haunted house somewhere here. I know -I've -heard ? of the White . Lady of Earlesmere Court, if he walks to the village perhaps he'll get lost in the snow, till he wanders to the house and -there sees the ghost. . By Jove ! If that's before him no wonder he looked frightened to death when he heard the word.' ?Meanwhile, the young fellow had hastened, onwards, unconscious of the conjectures his agitation had aroused. Perhaps if he had heard of the ghostly legend of Earlesmere he might have felt' some apprehen sion, though he was not generally superstitious ; but, as it was, he passed onward with a long swing ing stride that carried him fast over the frozen snow, completely en grossed ifi. his own thoughts. ' Earlesmere,' he muttered once, speaking the words half aloud . ' What fate is it that has brought me to her home, and. at Christmas i time ?' The train had beoowu blocked \- where the line ran through a deep and narrow cutting, across a wilder ness of wild northern- moors. The' banks were far too high and steep ' to think of climbing them, so he hastened .on as well as he could over the rugged heaps of snow till the welcome lights from the signal . ' box aUhe ...level .crossing came in sight. The stranger' paused leaning on the gate, and drew a dcap breath ; for, of a sudden, a light, lurid, fierce and flickering light had sprung up behind a dark band of trees far oii' across the moor, shining with indes cribable weirdnedS aud splendor over the darkness and the snow. A. slight sound made him look up, to find the signalman watching him from the now open doorway at the top of the wooden stairs. ' Cold night, nieaster,' was the greeting on seeing himself observed, ' Wintry but seasonable, as the sayingHs, so we mustn't grumble. \- You'll be one of the passengers from the tf'40 down, and be going to walk to Earles.mere, I reckon ?' . ' Yes ; that was my intention. But I was wondering what that light might be. Is - the whole village in flames?' ' No— no ; the village lies away to the- right yonder. That light comes from the mere itself — the lake, you know. ' There's a. torch light skating carnival for all the grand folks as they've got staying at the Court, and my missus was 'telling me it's going to be the prettiest sight as ever was,though I ' don't hold with such gallivanting, and the squire not laid in his grave more than six months. Ah, there's many as thinks ? ' The stranger started. ' The squire'!' he exclaimed. ?' Do you mean sir Luke Merivale ? Good heavens ! is he dead?' ' Ay ;died ?'last'- summer, after marrying' a second wife that's not much older than his daughter, Miss Marion. He went away on his weddine trip, and died hi ioreirrn parts ; lor they .brought him home t in his coffin to lay him under the church yonder. Such a funeial as it-was, and the- finest monument money could buy ; and his -widow tearing her hair and screaming as if she'd, gone clean' daft, and every - ' . one hereabouts saying how sad'it was- for -her, poor .young thing, to . lose the husband she loved so much. I' don't ''believe'' in such, grief as .. that ';'f or now she'g laughing— ay, and sweethearting — with the best best of 'em, and has got the house full for a Christmas ball. It don't seem she ever thinks of Sir Luke, unless it's when she looks at his grand- new monument.' , .'-? And — and .Sir Luke's daughter ?' the stranger said, with some hesitation in his voice. ' You called her Marion — she is still un married then?''- ' ? ' Oh, ay ; bless her ! Her father's second marriage' almost broke her heart, and if his -widow don't mourn for him his daughter does. Poor young lady ! after being his heiress for so long, it must have been a sore blow to her to find herself left, as the saying is, ' without a penny in the world.' ' The stranger started, then sprang forward up one or two of the wooden steps of .the signal box in ' v his great eagerness. . . ' What is that you say ?' he asked. ' Miss Marion, Sir Luke's daughter, ' left ' penniless ? How ??/ , ' -could .that be r ' 