A BALLARAT GHOST. Murders, suicides, sudden deaths, and other striking events apparently have their special seasons, and the ghostly season in Ballarat seems to be about the beginning of winter, for again has it been reported to the police that the " spooks are about." It may be remem bered that some twelve mouths ago there was a veritable ghost scare in and around the city, and that the ghost was only laid when saluted with a shower of buckshot from the gun of a Militiaman one Charles Horman by name. On that occasion, notwithstanding what appeared to be a dose of shot in the leg, the spirit managed to vanish before it could be apprehended, which would most as suredly have heen its fate but for its flight. Again, this season, the same gentleman has the honor of drawing " first blood." -According to the story as said to be told to the police, he was proceeding along Armstrong-street, and when near Seymour-street, Soldiers' Hill, he was suddenly confronted by a veritable "Geordie" after the style of Mrs Mellon's own heart. It suddenly ap peared before him with outstretched arms, long white covering, a ghastly face, from which gleamed eyes of phosphorescent brightness and horrid teeth, and, in fact, the entire appearance of one presumably risen from the earth. It was, too, close on the " witching time of night, when church yards yawn and graves give up their dead ; " but this gallant knight of St. Crispin was not to bo alarmed, even by a spirit from below; so be promptly knocked it down with a heavy walking stick. The blow did not pass through air, but fell with resounding force on a skull of particular hardness and thickness the owner whereof fell incontinently into the gutter. About to make a closer investigation Mr Horman was surprised to hear a sigh, and looking in the direction from which it came he saw a female—for it was a bright moonlight night—just recovering from a swoon into which she had apparently been frightened by the apparition. To hasten to the assistance of beauty in distress was the work of but an instant with this layer-out of ghosts. On her fuller recovery, he returned to the side channel in which he had left the fellow, only to find that he had fled. The police having been communicated with on the subject, it now behoves them to put their best foot forward and promptly nip in the bud any recurrence of the " ghost-walking" of lust winter.—■ 1 Ballarat Courier.' 