THE GRAND DUKE. THE LATEST GILBERT & SULLIVAN OPERA. The Savoy Theatre is itself again (writes Oxonian on March 13). On Saturday night the fourteenth Gilbert and Sullivan Opera started a career which bids fair to equal any of the previous successes. The plot is, however, terribly complex, and quite half the audience lose the continuity of the story. In brief it is as follows:— Ludwig, the leading low comedian, in the company of Ernest, has unwittingly given the details of a plot against the Govern- ment to the detective of Rudolph, Grand Duke of Pfennig Halbfennig. Ludwig and Ernest are in a sorry plight, and a notary suggests that one shall die in a, statutory duel and that the other shall turn King's evidence. By the laws of Pfennig Halbfennig the lapse of 100 years ipso facto repeals any law not renewed. As it happens the statutory duel has just twenty-four hours more vitality. This is its lyrical description — By our ingenious law If any two shall quarrel 'I'hey may not fight With falchions bright (Which seemed to him immoral), But each a card shall draw And he who draws the lowest Shall (so 'twas said) Be henceforth dead, In fact a legal ghoest (When exigence of rhyme compels Orthography forgets her spells) And 'ghost' is written 'ghoest.' Ernest and Ludwig proceed with this statutory duel, and Ernest draws a king and Ludwig an ace. Thereupon the manager becomes civilly dead. Ludwig goes off to tho Duke, who is greatly terrified by this un- exploded conspiracy. Ho too jumps at the idea of civil death, assuming that if he can put Ludwig into his place and he himself dead for a few hours Ludwig will doubtless be killed, and when tho 100 years limit which is to be reached on the morrow really arrives, that he can then resume his ordinary conditions of existence as the Grand Duke of Pfennig Halbfennig. The Duke therefore picks a quarrel with Ludwig, and manipulates the cards so that Ludwig immediately becomes Grand Duke. Ludwig's first act on step- ping into Rudolph's shoes is to renew the statutory duel law for a cen- tury. Punishment, however, comes quickly. Ludwig, the low comedian, was engaged to Lisa, the soubrette of the troupe, but Ludwig, by overcoming Ernest, is bound to marry Julia, the English leading lady of the company, whilst as Grand Duke he is be- trothed to the elderly avaricious Baroness von Krakenfeldt, and also to the youthful and appetizing Princesse de Monte Carlo. How many of these ladies he actually marries is rather misty. It is clear, however, that he does wed the Baroness, and is about to espouse the Princess when his career is suddenly cut short by the appearance of Rudolph and Ernest in deep black and the notary. To Ludwig, Ernest, and Rudolph it is explained that really the ace is tho lowest card, and therefore that Ludwig is tho loser in each of the duels, and therefore dead twice over. Also as a consequence his renewal of the law was invalid, so he comes to life, and all ends happily, since it is assumed, though not quite obviously, that Rudolph will indulge in a gene- ral amnesty. One of the hits of the evening is the Mana- ger's song, of which the following stanza is the brightest: — Both A and B rehearsal slight, They say they'll be 'all right at night' (They've both to go to school yet) C in each act must change her dress, D will attempt to square the Press. E won't play Romeo unless His grandmother plays Juliet. F claims all hoydens as her rights — She's played them thirty seasons. And G must draw herself in tights For two convincing reasons, Two very well shaped reasons. Oh, the man who can drive a theatrical team, With wheelers and leaders in order supreme, Can govern and rule with a wave of his fin All Europe, with Ireland thrown in. All the characters in the play are supposed to be German except the ''lovely English comedienne.' Amusingly enough, all the German characters speak faultless English, whilst Madame vou Palmay, as the English artiste, has a strong Teutonic accent. Madame von Palmay, who is a Countess in private life, was a star of last year's light of German opera at Drury Lane. The Times remarks of 'The Grand Duke' : — 'It is not by any means another 'Mikado,' though it is far from being the least attractive of the series. This time the libretto is very conspicuously inferior to the music. There are still a number of excellent songs, but the dia- logue seems to have lost much of its crispness.' Though there are next to no topical allusions the dialogue has a considerable number of whimsical ideas. 'Drains that date back to the reign of Charlemagne' is a phrase that deserves to pass into the language. It is a good many years since the composer has given ua anything so fine as the opening chorus of the second act, with a sham-Greek refrain, a melody so spontaneous, dignified, and original that it seems hardly suited to its surroundings, or to the taste of most of the audience. From this point, up to and includ- ing the tuneful song in which a herald intro- duces the Prince of Monte Carlo, is, musically speaking, the best part of the work; the actor- duke's exceedingly funny song about the manners and customs of ancient Greece, the clever duet in which the 'leading lady' gives her 'notion of a first-rate part,' her scene 'So ends my dream,' written in evident imitation and derision of the conventional operatic aria. of the last generation, and the elderly baroness's drinking song, which sets out with a remi- niscence of the Irish tune 'Kate Kearney,' are all certain to be popular. The first act contains a number of pretty choruses, some concerted vocal numbers as effective as usual, and a capital march of the chamberlains, all neatly finished and in strict conformity with the pattern established for such things a good many years ago. That form of instrumental humour, in which Sir Arthur Sullivan has delighted ever since the famous 'bassoon joke' in 'The Sorcerer,' finds excellent opportunity in a song in which the grand duke describes his ailments, to the accompani- ment of some orchestral symptoms so realistic as to be almost painful. Mr. Rutland Barrington, on whom falls the chief burden of the piece, is intensely funny as the actor Ludwig. Mr. Walter Passmore, in the character of the stingy and dyspeptic grand duke, comes nearer to Mr. Grossmith's level than he has done yet. The capital song in which he is obliged to keep back a sneeze until his handkerchief is pompously handed from the 'Acting- Temporary- Sub-Deputy- Assistant Vice-Chamberlain' to his superior, and so with much state from one of the seven officials to another, was receved with en- thusiasm. The herald's song with chorus is one of the most taking things in the opera. The opera was conducted by the composer, and the famous Savoy triumvirate were called and warmly applauded at the end. The scenery, dresses, and mounting are as usual irreproach- able, and the street perspective in the first scene is one of the most successful things of the kind ever seen on the stage. The complete list of the Gilbert & Sul- livan plays are:— 'Thespis,' 'Trial by Jury,' 'The Sorcerer,' 'H'.M.S. Pinafore,'' 'Pirates of Penzance,' 'Patience,' 'lo- lanthe,' 'Princess Ida,' 'Mikado,' 'Ruddi- gore,' 'The Yeoman of the Guard,' 'The Gondoliers,' 'Utopia, Limited,' 'The Grand Duke.' 'Thespis' was first put on the stage nineteen years ago under the management of Madame Selina Dolaro. ' Patience' was first played at the Opera Comique, and was then transferred to the Savoy, where all its suc- cessors have since been performed. 