The Wheeling World. —0— The League of Victorian Wheelmen intend to run a big meeting on Jan. 23rd. The A.N.A. intend to celebrate Jan. 26th, of '97, by giving away .£700 prize- money to cyclists. The A.N.A. Wheel Race will be worth £500 on its own. Henceforth all meetings of the League will be held at the Cyclists Club. Phil. Tierney, the Victory man, who is now a member of the executive, is going for municipal honors at Brunswick. The St. Kilda Club have been granted the 21st November. Theo. Heide's motion, that the previous resolution " refusing the club patronage " be rescinded, being carried unanimously The most important business to come before the adjourned Council meeting on Wednesday next is Billy Salter's notice of motion: "That the patronage of the League be not granted henceforth to any sports meetings except those which are recognised by the Council as having vested interns, orjthose which are arranged by any of the affiliated clubs, or those arranged for the benefit of charity." There are 4800 registered wheels in Stockholm. The ghost of Hamlet's father must have come a very bad cropper when he remarked " Oh, what a falling off was there." Bikomania is affecting the latter-day novelist badly.. Pick up any cheap novel now and you will find such idiotic phrases as " ' Yes,' remarked the Earl, stepping gracefully on to his shining safety," or, "So -saying, the Viscount flung himself savagely from his wheel." Dunlop tyres in France : A co. was started with £28,000 capital in 1893. It has just been floated into a new co. with £700,000 capital. Rather than look like the beastly "[.common herd of wheelists, with their breeches clipped in at the bottoms, the deah boys of the Brassey staff ride with chain covers so as to allow their matchless turned-up pants to flap in the wind without catching in the chain doncherknow. A trio of Hinglish wheelists started a month ago on a tour of the world. They are, John Foster Fraser, Edward Lunn, and F. Lowe. They go through Europe, get to India by way of the Caucasns, and then travel through China and Japan. From Japan they take boat to • -, 1r * - Q v, , Fraser, r . party, r '«" We w fBhall ^ ^cycle ^ down l ^ Vthe Aeast ^coast l S of Australia, calling at all the big towns on the Sunday excursions causing the churches to be neglected. All tradesmen complain of their wares being unsaleable. The doctors praise it, as having relieved the nation from chronic dyspepsia and rheumatism. Young Davidson, who distinguished himself at Sydneyside carnival, has only been riding twelve months. He is only 23, and weighs over 11 stone. Out of the last ten starts he hasonlv been unsuccessful once, and which bids well to land him in the very front rank. After all, Sydneyside League refused to sanction the Martin-M'Donell race. In all probability it will arrange a carnival, when a special prize will be given for the two Yanks to compete for. Comedian Nat Goodwin advertised his bike for sale the other day. It was built specially for Him, cost .£25, and was soon snapped up at .£15. Nat isn't giving up wheeling. He n simply wanted to change his mount, ? . On another page we publish the prospectus E of the Montgomery Railway Door Controller Co. Ltd. A model of the invention is on view at the offices of Messrs. Langdon and Co. "The Olderfleet," Collins-street, where full particulars of the patentare obtainable. £ BALLROOM DANCING—MESSRS. «nd MISS ROBERTS, the well known Teachers .f Dancing, of 196 COLLINB-STREET, MELBOURNE, have on rale a revised edition of Useful and Fashionable Dancing, including description of the Modern Waltz. * b etp. Prioe la., by post yd. extra. 