THE LORD'S DAY. (To the Editor.) Sir,-The resolution passed by the Ministers Union, and printed in Mon ay's '"Miner," to promote the religious observance of Sunday, is noticeable both for what It states, and for what it omits. Three reasons are given for supporting the resolution:-1. Because the proposed railway excursion is a desecration of the Lord's Day. 2. Be cause it is an inducement to the child ren to disregard and break down the sanctity of the day of rest and worship. 3\. Because it is using the State pro perty for purposes of private gain on the 'Lord's Day'. The one noticeable feature of the resolution is the omission of the word "Sabbath," and the sub stitution of the words "Lord's Day." This is an admission by the Ministers Union that Sunday is not the Sabbath, and as this is true, it is satisfactory to observe that the Union recognises that fact. But to give to Sunday a sacred character of some kind, it as as serted by implication that that day is entitled to the description of the "Lord's Day." But upon examination it will be found that Sunday has no more just claim to the title of Lord's Day than it has to that of the Sabbath. The expression is found only once in the scriptures (Rev. 1:10):- "I was in the Spirit on the Lord's Day." To ascertain what day was the Lord's Day in A.D. 92, when the Apostle John wrote the Revelation, must be learned from other scriptures, and this is by no means difficult. In Mark 2, 27 and 28 we find these words:- "And he said unto them, the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath. Therefore the Son of Man is Lord also of the Sabbath." It follows, therefore, with the conclusion of absolute certain ty, that the day over which Christ proclaimed Himself Lord' as the "Lord's Day" and that day is not Sunday, but the Sabbath Day, from Friday at sun down to Saturday at the same hour. This is brought out most clearly in Isaiah 58: 13 and 14 :-"If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thy own ways, nor find ing thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words, then shalt thou de light thyself in the Lord, and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father, for the mouth of the Land hath spoken it." These words were written by the Spirit of God or of Christ, and leave no doubt as to which day of the seven is His "holy day." If the Ministers Union have made up their minds to reject the true Sabbath of the Lord, it is time they adopted the logical position on this question taken up by the Roman Catholic Church. This position is well stated in a series of articles published in 1893, in the Catholic Mirror, (Balti more, U.S.A.,) entitled "Why do Prot estants keep Sunday ?" and the pith of the reasoning is contained in the fol lowing sentences: "The Catholic Church, for over one thousand years before the existence of a Protestant, by virtue of her divine mission, changed the day from Saturday to Sunday. We say by virtue of her divine mission because He who called Himself the Lord of the Sabbath, endowed her with His own power to teach, 'he that heareth you, heareth Me, commanded all who believe in Him to hear her, under penalty of being placed with the heathen and publican; and promis ing to be with her to the end of the world. She holds her charter as teacher from Him - a charter as infall- ible as perpetual. The Protestant world at its birth found the Christian Sabbath too strongly entrenched to run counter to its existence; it was therefore placed under the necessity of acquiescing in the arrangement (thus implying the church's rights to change the day) for over three hun- dred years. The Christian Sabbath is therefore, to this day, the acknow ledged offsprlng of the Catholic Church as spouse of the Holy Ghost, without a word of remonstrance from the Pro testant world.' The central fact of the position, the change of the day, is here truly stated, but when this position is accepted by the Protestant world, it is equally plain that they are not entitled to the use of the word Pro testant, for they have ceased to take the Scriptures alone for their rule of faith, and rely upon the dictum of the Roman Catholic Church. Under these circumstances it must have been peculiarly pleasing to Father Comer ford to assure the Ministers Union his support. Truly a strange combination! And all this because professed Protestant ministers refuse to be guided by the Word of God, preferring the commandments of men to a plain "thus saith the Lord." It is not yet too late for them to see their danger, which I earnestly desire they mav be fore it is too late. -Yours, etc., ALEXANDER COSTELLO. 