FIELDS OF fair RENOWN. By Joseph Hocking, Author of “All Men are Liars,” “ The Story of Andrew Fairfax,” &o.; published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock Ip Bowden, Ltd. [all itiguts reserved] CHAPTER III. lW JIKRUN FOUND HELEN GRANVILLE. 1’otafew minutes Merlin Eosevear stood amid=tthe prostrate forms in despair; he shy life had left the bodies of those who laj" ftt his feet- It was as ’Siali Trus cott had said, there was no air. After breathing a short time, they had consumed all the oxygen, and, like the people in the Black Hole of Calcutta, they became suffo cated; that was why he breathed with so much difficulty, and why the candle burnt so dimly when ho entered. The foul air had a difficulty in escaping, and the purer atmo sphere the same difficulty in entering. Had he reached them half-an-hour before, it might have been different; but he had done his best. He began to look around the cavern again. It was only partly filled with the huge pile of rocks which had fallen from “ the backs.” it might be that at the other end of the cave others might be lying—she might be lying With a shudder he picked his way among the prostrate forms, until he came to a dark corner; then he gave a cry, for, with her head supported by a piece of rock, crouched the girl he had seen the Saturday before. Her face was strangely white, and her eyes wore closed. Hear her was the gentleman he recognised as her father. He, too, lay stiff and stark, while close by him was Captain Kent. He took Miss Granville’s hand in his; they were cold as death. Then he knelt down, and placed his ear over her heart. He heard it beating ! Yes, it beat, slowly and feebly, but life was not extinct. Perhaps — perhaps all might be saved. The place was now filling with better air, and he remembered that a man spoke to him not long before his candle went out. Inliisexcitementanddisappoint ment at not seeing Miss Granville, he had forgotten this; but it might be that this man, at least, could be restored. What could he do ? It was a strange situation, and he was almost incapable of thinking coherently. Still, a great joy filled his heart, in spite of the fact that he saw still, prostrate forms lying all around him. She was not dead! He placed his ear over her heart again. Yes, it beat more strongly. She would live ! He went back to the hole he had made, and felt the slight current of air that came through; then he looked around for the man that lay nearest the hole. He had no diffi culty in discovering which had signalled to him. Even now a pick lay in his hands. He took one of the miner’s hands in his. Yes, he too, was alive. He was not too lateafter all—at least, to save some. His plan now was to hurry out, and tell what he had done and seen; then a party of miners would come to the rescue. Yes; that must be his method of procedure. His eyes turned towards the end of the cave where Miss Granville lay. Ho, he could not leave her; he could not. She might die if left there ; besides, suppose she came to consciousness, and found nothing but darkness and the still forms of the entombed miners ’. Ho ; he could not leave her in such a way. The men did not matter so much; they would not mind so much. Besides, he could leave one of bis candles burning, and they would know what to do. But he dared not leave He tried to discover if her father was alive, but could not be sure; he was too distracted to judge correctly. Besides, the forms of the miners lying around him pre sented a ghastly spectacle, and he felt like crying out in fear. His overstrained nerves were giving way. He was not far from madness. Scarcely knowing what he was doing, hut possessed by a great longing to save Miss Granville, he took her in his arms and carried her towards the hole through which he had come, and then with great difficulty lifted her through it. When he was alone with her in the next cave a great joy surged through Iris heart. He possessed this beautiful girl! He longed to kiss her cold lips and call her endearing names ; but something, he could not tell what, forbade him doing so. Perhaps her very uncon sciousness was a sentinel which guarded His head throbbed wildly, and his limbs trembled beneath him, but as if imperilled by an overmastering force, he prepared to carry her through the gloomy level out into the light. She lay perfectly passive in his arms. She might have been dead for all the movement she made. So still was she that Merlin,in fear,put his hand to herhoart again, but life was not extinct. The heart was still beating—feebly, it is true, but the young man knew she was alive. He took his coat from his back, tore it into strips, and with the strips made a kind of rope, which he fastened around his shoulders. Then he took the young girl in his arms, after which he fastened the rope around her body in such a way as to keep her weight from falling so much on her arms. After this he staggered slowly down the level, bearing the burden for which he felt he would have died. It was a strange experience. His footsteps echoed along the level, while the candle on the top of his hat cast a flickering light all around, so that shadows seemed to come out of the darkness as if to mock him. But he grew bolder at each step. He was nearing the light, and surely—surely he was saving the young girl for whom he had conceived such an ardent love ! When he had seen her in the cave near the forms of the miners, and thought her dead, it seemed as though life hid lost its meaning. He never realised till then how he loved her; and now a3 he carried her on to the light, his strength seemed to increase, for great hopes surged within his breast. Presently he came to the spot where he had placed a candle, and where the level had changed its course. Here, too, a pile of stuff had fallen, and the passage was narrow. He slipped the ropo from his back, and laid the precious burden carefully on the ground. He watched her face as he did so, and he saw her eyelids quiver. She was coming back to life. For the first time he realised his own personal appearance. His clothes were badly torn, his jacket had been torn into strips, so that ho might the more easily carry her. He felt the blood and the sweat trickle down his face while his handker chief was tied across his forehead to cover the wound that had been made there. He was almost afraid for her to bo restored to consciousness just then; the sight of him might frighten her. Still, better that she should open her eyes to the living than to the dead. He began to chafe her hands. “ You are getting better,” he said. She opened her eyes, and looked around her like one in a dream. “You are getting bettor,” lie repeated. "Where am I?” She said this like those who talk in their sleep. She was only half conscious of her existence. “ You met with an accident,” he said. ‘ Don’t you remember ? You went under ground with your father and Captain Kent, and the ground fell, while you escaped to the open place at the end of the level.” She shuddered. “ I remember,” she said. “ Where’s my father ?” “ I hope ho is all right,” replied Merlin, “ but I am trying to get you to the open But how did you get to us? Captain Bent said there could be no chance of being rescued for days, and then we had a diffi culty in breathing, and then-” She shuddered again. “ I heard of this level—heard that it led up close to the place where the ground fell in. That was how- But I can tell you another time.” “ But who are you ? There is blood on your face. You are wounded.” “ That is nothing. My name is Merlin Eosevear. I passed you last Saturday evening. Don’t you remember? It was not far from Creekavose gate.” “ Yes, I remember, But—but the cave in which we were entombed was blocked in on every hand. Howr did you get to me ?” “ Oh, that was easy. I had a pick, and dug towards you. You see, I know the mine, and no one but myself knew about this level but old Abraham Eichards.” “ And how far is my father and the others away from here ? ” she asked, anxiously. “ About a hundred fathoms.” “ And how came I here ? ' “ I—1 carried you,” he said. She looked at him in a way which he could not understand, and was silent. “ I will remove these stones,” he said, “ and then we shall bo able to get through this hole; after that we shall soon get to the open air.” She did not speak, and Merlin made the passage through which he had come so mo time before sufficiently large for her to get through with comparative ease. “I think you can get through now,” he “ But my father ? ” she asked, anxiously. “ Pure air is now entering the place where they arc lying,” lie said. “ I think they may have recovered by this.” •“ But you will send help ? ” “ As soon as ever you are out.” “ Not before ? ” “ Not unless I leave you here alone. I have no one to send. I came alone.” Again she shuddered as if in fear. “ Let us get out quickly,” she said. “ 1 will go first,” he said. “ You can take my hand, and I will help you through.” She grasped his hand eagerly, and a few minutes later they were in the level which ran in a nearly straight line to the open valley. “There is not room for two of us to walk abreast,” he said. “ I will go first, and you can follow me.” “ Let me hold fast to your hand,” she said, timidly. He held out his hand, and then stag gered along the level. “ How far is it to the end ? ” she asked. “ About a hundred fathoms,” he said. “ And how long will it take us to reach there ? ” she asked. “I do not know,” he said. “I—lam afraid I can do no more for you. I—I think I am ill.” He stumbled heavily forward as he spoke, and in a moment more fell to the ground, his head being supported by the side of the level against which he lay. “ Go straight on, and you will find your way out,” he said, faintly. “Then go to the engine-shaft and tell—tell ” He said no more, for he became uncon scious. His overstrained nature at last gave way, and he was no longer able to do what he had ventured so much to aceorn For a time the young girl seemed too stunned to know what to do. Then she remembered that her only means of helping him and saving her father was to find her way to the valley, as he had suggested. It was terrible to leave him alone in the darkness, and yet it was the only thing she could do. She clasped li.s hands, but they lay per fectly limp. She took the candle from his hard “ hat-cap,” and tried to examine the wouud on his head, but she soon realised that she could do no good in this way. It seemed an ungracious thing to leave him there, but it might be long before he re covered, and there was no other means of helping him; she shuddered at the thought of finding her way along the level alone, but it was the way, not only to her own safety, but to that of others. From his waistcoat hung another candle, the last he had. It was twisted and broken, but she took it from him, and in spite of her past terrible experience lit it ] with a fairly steady hand. Then holding the light in her hand, and with a strange yearning look towards Merlin, she groped along the level. At last her heart gave a great leap, for away in front of her was light, the light of day. It was only a faint streak, but it was different from the yellow light of the candle. With a cry of joy she hastened forward, and yet the cry she gave was half a sob, for her heart was sore at the thought of leaving her rescuer alone in the silence of the dark tunnel. Still it was her only means of saving him. She could not help him by staying at his side. At least so she thought. With many a fear, and fast-beating heart, she struggled towards the light, and a few minutes later she crept out of the dark level into the light. It was evening, and the brightness of the day- was fast departing, but to her, after more than five hours of dense dark ness, it was glaring. At first she looked around her, not realising where she was. The thought of her past experience and her safety seemed to daze her. She felt faint and dizzy too, but by a supreme effort of the will she mastered herself. Then she bathed her forehead in the stream which ran close to w'here she stood, and after drinking of the cold water, she felt better. No sooner, however, did her strength begin to return to her, than she realised the peril of those she had left, and remembering Merlin’s words, she hurried towards the engine-shaft. As I said, the shades of evening were now gathering, and she had a difficulty in finding her way to the spot, where a group of people still remained, -waiting for news from those who had gone underground. It was a sorrowful gathering which btood by the engine-house, and not one of the sad-eyed watchers spoke aloud. They seemed afraid. In subdued tones they talked one to another, shaking their heads when they spoke of the mission upon which a dozen miners had gone. “ There ca’ant be no chance,” said one. “No; Siah Truscott do zay it’ll taake days to git to ’em. Poor Betty Martin ! an’ it’ll be a wisht Sunday for she when it do come. Two of her booys and her ould man tooked away in a minnit. Aw, tes terrible ’ard.” “ Iss,” replied another; “we must all pray for her. The Board is the father of the fatherless, and the ’usband of the .nd ed’nt et terrible too that Squire ville and the young laady shud’a’gone at such a time. They cudden ’a’ bin more’n a nour or so, afore they were killed.” ss, and she did seem so peart and ant too. Look, who’s that comin in’ ?iy ?es a maid of some sort. "Who can it naw, I’m sure; but she’s cornin’ dear ! but ’twill be awful wisht to here at nights now. Their spirits 3 to hauntin’ the plaace.” there, a maid es cornin’ ’ere. \\\ by, hat Miss Granville.” is—why tes she!” it caan’t be she—why she’s—law . be her spirit, can it ?” minute they were all held by one at thG visitor was not human, and ear crept into their hearts, ibe—tes she. Look, she’ve got the ithes, only she ain’t a got no ’at, hair es streamin’ down her back, ne back for some purpose, prap’s to imethin’, like Betsy Knight’s booy to hes mawther when he was Aw, ’ere’s Siah Truscott. Siah, prayer laider—speak to er my dear, her proper, my dear. She wa ant irayer laider, and a man ov the >ung girl came up slowly, for her was now nearly gone. She was the lips, and her eyes were shining unnatural light. She came close to the excited group, and then stopped’ “ Help,” she said. “ In the naame of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, who be you ?” said Siah Trus cott, solemnly. “ Help,” she repeated. “ Hut who be you ?” repeated the miner, witn trembling voice. “ I am Helen Granville,” she replied. “ Come and help.” “ Doan’t be lured away with a sperrit,” said an old woman who stood by. “ Be you in the flesh or in the sperrit ?” ashed Siah. To him it was impossible that she should have escaped. There was, he thought, no other way that anyone could come than by the engine-shaft, while she came from the valley; and to the Cornisli man, reared in an atmosphere of supersti tion, this must be the spirit of the young girl, who was either the sport of Satan, or else come with a message from the dead. “ I’ve escaped,” she said, excitedly. “ A young man, called Merlin Rosevear, came to us, and has helped me out. But he lies in the level unconscious. Come and help. Bring stretchers and all may be saved. My father is there—oh ! do come quickly.” “ But how ded ’ee git out r1” said Siah Truscott, excitedly. “ There’s no other way than by the injin-shaft.” “ Yes, that young man knew of an old level. A man called Abraham Richards told him.” “ Lev’on?, feel yer hand, to be sure you be tollin’ the truth,” said the old woman, Betsey Flew by name. The young girl held out her hand, and cried piteously, “ Don’t wait; come at “Her ’and es warm and plum” (soft), cried Betsey. “ The maid do tell the “ Hurrah!” cried some. “ Praise the Lord!” said others more religiously inclined. “ I was wonderin’ where Merlin was,” said Siah, “ and now-” “ Come!” cried Helen Granville, “ don’t “ Tell us what you do knaw,” cried Siah. “ and we’ll come, but we do want to knaw what things to take.” Rapidly she told her story, and a few minutes later a shout of joy echoed through the evening air, while the men hurried to the valley, and Betsey, with tottering foot steps, went to the cottages to tell the When they came to the level, Siah Trus cott, who became the leader of the band, asked one of the men to take Helen Gran ville home, but she refused. “No!” she said, “ I will go with you. See I am strong, and I want to get to my father.” No further resistance was made, and they entered the level. “ How fur up did ’ee laive Merlin then, miss ?” said one of the men “ He said we were about a hundred fathoms from the mouth of the level,” she said, and again they toiled forward. “ It was just here,” she said presently, looking around; “ I know it was about here. I remember this rock.” Each man carried a candle, and thus the level was lit up brightly. “ But he edn’ ’ere now, miss.” “ Here’s his hat-cap,” said another, “ and a candle. Where can he be ?” “ Aw, and this ’es blood upon this stone, too.” The young girl looked eagerly around, but nowhere could Merlin Rosevear be 