BY FABIÁN BELL, .Author of "The Maharajah'iDiamondB," «.After Long Years," "The Lett« in Cipher," « He and She," ftc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. [FOB THS MIHSR.] CHAPTER in. THE ICEBERG. ... There were no ocean greyhounds in those days (in the early sixties), no swiftÍ steamers .^plying day and night between Britain and. her remotest colonies ; and if there bad been Oon . rad Hardcastle mould still have pre- ferred to havo taken bia passage on board of one of the old-fashioned liners, which carried few passengers, and did nob lay themselves oat to render life on board one long round of gaiety' and amusement. " Go in a sailiog ship and avoid delay and excitement" had been tho doctor's orders. Accordingly he took his passage in the Danbar. A 1 ab Lloyds, ? ; a Clyde-boih clipper ship, bound for the port of Sydney, N. S. W., with a fall cargo and a small number of passengers. And less than a fortnight after the orders had been given the Danbar, . cowed by her tag, went slowly down the et ream to Gravesend, thence to the Djwns, then when her skipper could feel the breeze, he had her white sails shaken ont one by one, and she stood out to sea. ! Days, weeks, months passed away. The voyage was one of few incidents, beyond tho usual squabbles between the leading chaperones in which their male friands and connections were forced to take part, and the flirtations between the junior officers and the young lady passenger?, at which the skipper winked; knowiog that ib kept both parties ia good humor; 'showing a little of the envy, hatred, , malice, and all uncharitableness which seems inseparable from the forced juxtaposition of so many diveree 'interests, tistes and characters, and a life of idle companionship withoub union. The usual storms in the Bay of Biscay, the calms in the tropics, the ceremonies-nob then obsolete-of crossing the line ; the setting, for the \- last time, of the familiar Northern Constellations; the rising of the Southern Cross and its brilliant pointers. ; All these went and came in the usual manner. - To the sailors the life was busy, though monotonous, the passengers complained of deadly dul neBS . and sighed for. some excitement; V Even a shipwreck," said the live- liest, of the ladies. Ct .Conrad. Hardcastle layon the deck . via the : hot san with a white umbrella ,/OjrejC his ,head and well-coloured merrr ¿chaum in bia mouth. He found loaf- ing less, difficult than he bad expected. ,He* was absolutely, alone, free, and unfettered. Herbad-,sought for.and obtained no confidences among his follow passengers ; he had formed none of those intimate relations wi ich often ? .bind shipmates for life, though at other ;. times they do not survive the.ordeal of i, a week on shore ; Conrad had formed . no such tie?, and his fellow passengers, .- finding that, he had no inclination to ; v be sociable, left him severely alone. , -'.^1,, They judged him proud, stand off, ; . ana stuck-up ; he preferred their in \ difference to their attentions, and y;;-;'^Mke4;:i.8Menely in the sun. He had ?; could ' .W pleasant. . Across the circumscribed field of his vision passed and re-passed a couple who interested him more than any others on board, a young girl, annarentlv in the last stage, of con sumption, and ber mother, a widow lady, whose whole life appeared cen^ , tred in thia hst and dearest child, three otters having succumbed to the* v . disease. The anxious love, the ^ constant unwavering service, the 8ub Slime abnegation 0f this poor moth pr ? - ^' ' toached him in spite of himrelf. lb ? y Jijirasyety certain that she never thought %>f herself, of her own health, hsppi '"' neaa,' or prosperity. AU hope, all 'aapirafcioris; life itself were centred on Í ; ' the girl whó; to every eye but here, was ,-:V;clyiog. - ' ::- '. . . --Conrad watched - Mrs. Rainbird ^cnrioàBÏy.' i He ?wondered whether she ;-".>; 'f^ ijhWlî ^'buKUn^OTO^her/daiighter, \- Í-In iniítihgíapóñ^ her;^ in inhaling her \\.breath, she herself ff»s absorbing tho fatal disease. He wondered whether she . knew this, and whether, if Bhe knew it, it would make any difference. He felt inclined to ask her the ques- tion, and amused himself by speculating as to bow she would take it, how she would look, and what she woald say. For the girl herself, ho felt at first no kind of emotion. She had too little vitality to arouse in him either interasb or sympathy j she seemed little more than a semi animated corpse. The good, ship waa becalmed just [ south of the liner for three weeks. The captain and officers swore, and the passengers growled over this delay. Hardcastle alone made no complaint, He basked in the sun's rays^like a lizard. They seemed to give him new life. He began to dream of a tropical isle bathed by summer seas, where it was always afternoon, a lotus-eater's paradise. The blocd ran more freely in his veins, he grew lusty and strong, life was more and more desirable to him. Day by day the sick girl grew weaker, fading like a delicate flower in the hob sunshine. Conrad had a strange fancy that in exactly the same pro- portion as she lost vitality he gained it ; that in some inexplicable way his life forces were fed by hers ; that as he gained Bhe lost. It was a strange fancy, but ib did not put him out of the love of lifd ; on tho contrary, the more fiercely the blood throbbed in his arteries the stronger became the pas- sionate desire for health. "Why should a man die?" he queried. "Death is not natural or inevitable, it. ia extraneous-a curse ss the religionists tell us. I do DOD seo why, under proper conditions, a man ahoeld nob live for ever, or at least so long aa he cares to live. One might perhaps get tired of it in the end." Bat he soon Eaw that the necessary conditions for perennial health were not obtainable in the bustle and rufah of city life in the race for wealth, in the struggle for place, position and fortune. Now that be waB removed from these things which he , bad ! desired as much as another, he suddenly saw tbab they were incom- patible with the joy oí living, the delight of boundless vitality which he now felt for the firsb time. No, to be strong, and then to be happy, one musb be free-free from hard work, from the trammels of an artificial society, from the thousand and one unhealthy conditions of modern civilised life.. It Beemed lo him that had he been free to do so he could easily have made for himself the con- ditions of a perfecb life ; and he aßked himself more than once whether this was altogether impossible. Tho ship continued her voyage. She ab last escaped from the region of calms, and much to the captain's delight caught the trade winds and ! sped merrily southward. Every day ¡ the log entries showed a good progress, and every day the weather grew steadily colder. It was no longer pleasant to He on the desk and bask in the sunt The nights and mornings were distinctly chilly, and even ab high noon the heab was by no means oppressive. Ethel Rainbird revived in the cooler air,, it seemed to brace her feeble energies and to infuse new life iuto her feeble frame. The mother openly rejoiced in this and sang the praises of the medical man by whose advice they had taken tho voyage. Bub Conrad Hardcastle ag«in suffered from sleep'ess nights and ail the thousand ills of insomnia. Again the strange fancy recurred to him that as Ethel Rninbird gained he Iosb ; tbab as the flame of life bumed more brightly in her lamp it ebbed and sputtered in his. His indifferences took the form of active dislike, he I began to hate tho unconscious girl. A violent storm struck the Dunbar. The lady passengers were forbidden the deck; and the men who ventured up wera web through ia a fow moments in spite of oilskins and son' westers For three days and nights tha men and officers scarcely knew what it was to have a dry stitch upon them ; the waves put out tho galley fires once and again, the cabin was flooded, and the stewards struggled in vain to keep up their traditional neatness. Cjn fusion^and discomforb reigned every- where.* Then the storm subsided, but before they bad found time to con* gratúlate themselves ib was upon them once more with added violence. Conrad had heard of waves moun- tains high, now he saw them ; and the great white crested monsters that rose suddenly behind and around a lurid sky which hang so low that it seemed to touch thom, impressed him with a sense of overwhelmingand inexo- rable fate. The Danbar lay between them, the one spob of sentient life where sky and ocean met, a boy, a shuttlecock. lb Eeensed absurd that so much strength should bo expended in the efiorb to destroy anything so feeble. If one of those graab wavo3 had pooped her, ad would have been over in a few seconds ; bub two men at tho helm kepb her bead to the tho wind, and the rollers slid away under her keel instead cf breaking on her deck. But as she roso, another came behind her, and yet another, and all day and night they Dursued her with a relentless strength. Surely alie could not escape. The port boat and part of the port bul- warks wero carried away and the ship reeled and staggered under the blow. One of the men ab the wheel was taken co the fo'castle with a broken arm. The mate sprang into his place and held the vessel on ber course with a grip of iron. She shook herself free and plunged on bows down into the hissing foam. Tbepasaengers thought she had struck a rock and that all wa9 over. Somo flung themselves on to their knees and began to pray, others sought their valuables and stuffed their pockets with money and jewels. Some rushed hither and thither distraught with fear, and a few-among whom wa? Mrs. Rainbird-appeared perfectly calm and collected. "We shall at leasb die together," she said, as she took her daughter's hand and held it firmly. For her death appeared to have no terrors. Conrad could nob imitate her. He forced his way on deck to inquire the extent cf tho damage, and was relieved to find that ib was but trifling. The storm, loo, appeared to have spenb ib3 fury. Riin fell heavily and boat down the great waves with its sub- duing force. He returned to his cabin and mado himself comfortable under a pile of ruga and blankets. For days tho grey weather con- tinued, and cd 1 rain fell persistently. That the vessel was driven out of her course WAS tolerably certain ; how far the captain could not tell, as it was impossible for him to obtain her true < position. He surmised, however, that abe was too far south. The winds were fitful, and the intense and grow- ing cold threatened a new danger of which, however, be spoke to none. He was no longer content with going on deck occasionally, but appeared on the bridge at all hours and haunted the poop like an uneasy ghost. 11 What the deuce ails the ekipper ?" queried the second mate, but the senior knew only too well. At la3b the weather cleared a little, and a speck of blue Bky appeared; but before noon ib was again overcast. The captain did not appear at tbs dinner-table, and one of the passengers took his place. He walked the decks scanning the misty horizon anxiously. A piercing wind sprang up, chilling the very marrow of the bones. The mist grew more dense. It appeared like a wall cf fog. The ship was beading straight for i\ " Head off her course two points to the north !" It was done. . Still they approached the fog. Or waB it not rather that the fog ap- proached them. "Take the helm yourself, Mr. Elliott," commanded the captain, and again her course was altered-the wind coming and going in flaws, while the swell drove her steadily onward. " The fog is upon us," said the a.ate. And in five minutes they were wrapped round with a fleecy, impene- trable, impalpable mantle. In the cabin it became suddenly dark, aud the lamps wore lightod, bat the vessel moved with even kee), and no one there suspected danger. Sud- denly the fog lifted a little, aud those on deck saw a great white wall not a hundred feet from them, towards which the ship was steadily drifting. A great cry rose. " Starboard your helm ! Starboard !" yelled the captain. Too late. The mighty indraw could not be resisted. The berg came steadily on, white, cold, inexorable es death. Escape was impossible, though the gcod ship, answering to her helm, fell off her courso by some points. She grazed tho berg on the port side already weakened by the recent storm. A horrible grating noise followed the crashing and rending of timbers, the grinding of spars and rocks ; a sicken- ing sense of disintegration and def pur. The people in the cabin staggered to their feet. «' Oh ! God ! What was that ?" White with terror, the stewards cried out «« A berg. An iceberg-" All who could rushed on deck, up- setting each otber in their hurry and confution, and reckless of everything but their own curiosity. . When they got there nothing was to be seen. The wall of fog had again encircled them and no man could sea a bandsbreadth beyond tho ship ia any direction. They turned and looked at each other in amazement. What had happened? Where wot thb unseen enemy ? The berg bad passed them, driven bj an undercurrent, bat tho mischief was already done. " She is sinking fast," said the cap- tain, " Lower the boat?." But the port boats had been airead} destroyed, and the other two were nol large enough tu hold oil the crow and passengers. Conrad Hardcastle knew this. Ht drew at once to the starboard gang- way. Many of the passengers, deceiver, by the calm manner of the officers descended into the cabin to fotel clothea and valuables, but he nevei budged. During the storm he hac put on the bolt of diamonds and h< had not removed it since ; he now pul down.bis hand to feel if it was safe and finding that it was maintained hi: position. A beat waa soon launched. " Bring up the women and children,' commanded the captain. Conrad slipped over tho gangwaj and dropped into the strra sheets. Some of tho sailors began to grumbh and threatened to pub him overboard bub there was little time for discussion Every moment was precious and aa th* women and children were now handec down he v/as suffered to remain. The boat was soon full, the seconc officer being appointed to navigate her All tho women were in her except Mrs Rainbird and Ethel, who now came or board for tho first time, the motbe; having delayed to wrap up her child. " Shove off," eaid Conrad, suiting thi action to the word. Hold hard. Thoro are two mon women." " We are too full already. If w< take one more we shill endanger om own lives." " Coward," muttered the men, anc cursed him under their breath. " Make baste, Mrs. Rainbird," saic the captain. She looked over into the boat. "There is no room herp, wo an already overcrowded," said Hardcastle She drew back.. " Please let us go in the other boat, she said " Qaick ! Shove off ! The vessel i sinking !" yelled Hardcastle ; and with a frantic gesture he snatched the painter from a sailor's uncertain grasp ; and in a momenb the boat had dropped astern, and tho fog closed in between her and the doomed vessel. For a time the Danbar loomed misty and indistinct, assuming gigantic pro ! portions. Then she faded from their j sight, and they knew not whether abo ; had foundered or whether opposing I currents had driven them apart. They listened for a sound or cry, but heard nothing ; they hailed the other boat, but their voices came back to them muffled and Btrange from the wall of fog which compassed them on every side. The officer looked at the useless compass ; he knew not whero they were, or whether he should steer north, south, east, or wes\ " Itt seems to me," he said, quietly, " that wo are no better off here than we should have been on board the ship -it must end in the same way-we j Bhall only protract the agony." I And the fog grew denser every moment and was more hopelessly I impenetrable than any wall ; it clang to them, their skin;, and their gar- ments ; it hung in drops from their beards and eyelashes ; they breathed it into their lungs till they began to cough and choke. Everything within a boat's length cf them was losb and swalldwod up, and their own voices sounded strange and unnatural. So the fog closed round them and they, too, were lost to sight1. (To be continued on Thursday.) 