Brisbane Notes. frtWSI OUR OWN COmtEHI'ondent. . ... , Tbo socond batoli of olcctions, jbough numerically insignificant, created ap parently no loss interest limn Hie. Jjrst. coqio of us, indeed, who had beard Btrartco thiucs us to the determination of tho/lioioan Catholic vote, uwaitcd results hi'p Saturday with greater anxiety than thhtdayweok. -The suspense was soon dispelled, tbo numbers proving, as I had fully dcoided already in my own mind, tho statomont about tlio Catholics joining tlio Labor party; out of pique at the defeat of Koman Catholic ean iidutes on tho 21st., was tbo outcome of mcro throats of temporary auger. A mad thing,, truly, it would be, because of certain dofeals, to join hands with thoso who accomplished those defeats, and so consummate tbo triumph of tho storios trumped upof sectarian bigotry! Yctdml half inclined to believe the throat was not barren of( at loast local result. ''Watch tho polling at Woolloongabba noxt Saturday," counselled my informant. . I watched ; and while tho Socialist polled moro than tho two Individualists tor gothor, you may imagine my deduotions. But at last the Ministerialist-' camo with a rusb. -icuving him only' OD behind in tbo primary computation. If tlio eleotorB 1 would but rccogoiso tlio pririlcgo con tained in tlio contingent vote, the candi? | dato of tho majority would be elected#' for nearly 300 votes wcro given ta/Wie Individualist nt tho bottom of tT-polf, nil of which should go to &jroil;\sv Individualist, who is also fcha/Aliinsteria!- ist, Mr. Duncan Sinclair. Through tho olcclors being frightened tho con tingent vofo by tho tactic of tbo Labor party, I expect tbo fina)- result will bo no more than placing Mr. Sinclair 30 or 40 votes nearer Mr. Dmloy. But you will know by tho tim you get this, I sap- pose. / Being muok'interostcd in tho Gympio election, ana only tho insignificant results of tho Bpbano, booth polling being posted at th 0 warier offico at 6 o'clock, I wont into& "oighboriog restaurant for a cup .tfj/cn, and while thoro my ears wero greeted with several tumultuous expres sions of " popular" joy, " When dogs howl it is a bad sign. I reflected ominously, expecting nothing less than a sweeping majority for " fc>t. Andrew" and Ids acolyte, what was my surprise, and delight then, on rc-omcrging, to sco saint and his acolyte at the bottom of tho poll by a sweeping majority, with tbe word "comploto" underneath. That was a load off tho miud. Tho thing was done,, tho victory won beyond recall. Presently tho poster came along, tore of? tho word " complete," and commenced to paste over tho figures 1 It was an anxious moment, and tho "doggory" indulged in gasps of hope and expectation. First tho big figures were placed against the namo of Smyth, then against that of Stumm, and I knew it wa3 all right. But the howlers did not loso hope, not ovon when tho total score was pat up; for the poster ncgloctcd to rcplaco tbo word "complete," and while there is life tlicro is hope. But I know Gympio could not muster many more electors— tbo poll was wonderfully heavy as it was— not enough, anyhow, to materially reduce tbo majority, not to mention alter tho result; and in a short time the word " comploto" restored to its place, set all doubt3 at rest. Tho not result of Saturday's events is nnn rlmu win In llin CnvArnmnnf M'Cord, .Ministerialist, being returned for Burnett, tho seal lately hold by Mr. Catlel, Oppositionist (I em xoing by (tho returns available lost nii;lit—uii nliorotion or two mny bo c fleeted beforo this ap pears in print.) I oxpeclcd both Uaranoa and Fort . urtis would liavo boon won from Labor and tlio Oppositionist res pectively — and tboy have in a manner, Mr. King, who led by 35 votes last night for Marnnoa, is a rebel to.if not a seccdor from. Labor. Ho refused to sign its platform, und tlioreforo was neither " plobiakyted," nor accredited by tho " Control Executive" of Messrs. Glassey, flinohcliffe, and iicid. And Mr. ' Jason Dolos, tbo (apparently)' re-elect of Fort Curtis, no longer bolongs to tlio Opposi tion. No, Sir, bo is a " Democrat." You soo Mr. Boles bails from the land wbero politicians aro mainly dividod into Democrats and Iiopublicans, with minor subdivisions of Mugwumps, Copperheads, Know-Nothings, &c.;, & o., &o.; Mr. Bolos bids fair to occupy tbo unique position of being tbo only true Democrat in tho twelfth Fnrliomont of Queens land. His dovicos ouco more . amusingly illustrates tbo naviot of all candidates (except Laborists), hitherto opposing tbo Government, to rid tbomsolvos of all evidoneos of suoh hostility. Tho dovolopmont of Mr, Oallan will sorvo as illustration of tho process. From tho timo lioekliampton was " defrauded" of tho Winton Railway, tho hon. momhor for Mount Morgan oonld not say any thing bad enough of tho Governmont; and when tho sossion closed ho wont back to tbo coldon Monnt nnnnsinrr t.linm I of all the corruption a Labor member could invent, and declaring ho would havo gone ovor to tbo Opposition long ago.if thoro had boon an Opposition to go to. " Como to next Parliament, Mr Oallan," eouusellod tbo delighted con sultation organ, "and you will find an Opposition to go to." So Mr. Callan proparod to como back and was duly soliodulod as an Opposition candidate. But, bphold ! About a week ago a loiter oamo from Mr Callan, with - an easily im aginable touch of iadiguation in its" tono, complaiuing ho- was wrongly sehodnlod. Ho was not nil Opposition, but a Minis terialist, if you ploaso ! So, with very fow osoopiions, prosumptivoly hostilo candidates, . wlicro thoy do not right- about-fneo and go tbo- straight Govern ment ticket, brand themselves I or IM. Only six candidates remain with tho suggestive round O aftor their namos, and of those, only about half havo tho ghost of a show. Thoy. would havo had a bottor show if thoy had taken my advice and branded thomsolves D.H. (Doad Itorso), or anything suggoslivo of less hostility to tho Governmont than tho round 0, Mr. Byrnosj who did not sulk a bit ovor his defeat, is. still undooidod as to futuro aolion, -Mr. Nelson is determined not to loso his rorvicos, so if tho Attornoy.Gcnornl continuos in his re pugnance to accept n seat at thooxponso of u friend, I suppose bo must bo-sent to tho Upper Houso for tho prosont. An attempt was mado to socuro Warwick for him. Horo tho oontost is botweon a Ministerialist,' Mr.- Arohibald, and an Indopondent Ministerialist, Mr. Johnson. Mr Archibald, whoso eloction was a moral, otfero'd lo rotiro With alacrity, and ondcavorcd to pcrsuado Mr. Johnson lo do likowino, but tho latter, who . had not the least show, angrily rofused, ovon though his own comeuitteo added tlioir entreaties to Mr.' Arohibaid'a. As Mr. Byrnes only consented to bo nominatod on condition of both tho other candidates voluntarily withdrawing, that was an ond nf Ji nn fnr n« Lio wuIiaq wa>a . but,. without consulting thoso, somo of his Warwiok friends nominated him on Saturday, I don't know what ho intends doing, whether withdrawing his nomina tion eg, simply remaining passivo in tho mnttor\ Ho will never proceed to con.1 tost thevseut against tlio othor candidates!) Tho yhost exciting rnco of yostordayV moot wns -Jor tlio Bulimba stakes. Eaitn lod-in turn by a head nil tbo way round tbo /oourrtiV but it Was tbo old horsd& 1 !- Qt tb Qja&itofatmm; 