RELIGIOUS NEWS. REV. CHARLES CLARK.—On Sunday evening the Rev. Charles Clark conducted the service at the Flinders-street Baptist Church, and the edifice was crowded to its utmost capacity. The rev. gentle- man took for his text Matthew xiii. 43, and dealt eloquently with the parable of the wheat and the tares. He described these parabolic sayings as pictures drawn by a master hand, vivid in colouring, and justified by truth, and when he depicted the sower, going forth to sow his seed, and the enemy coming when the mantle of night had fallen, and the stars had crept out, and scattering the darnel plant his hearers could readily behold in their mental vision the scene in the Eastern fields at dead of night. When the wheat grew up the deed of the enemy was apparent, and the servant wished to destroy the tares, but the wise master, fearing that the wheat would be destroyed, forbade them until the harvest was garnered. The field was God's field, and the seed town was vital, everlasting, incorruptible; and although the enemy might sow tares, it must grow till the harvest, when the wheat would be separated from the noxious weeds. He drew from his text a contrast of the Church of the present and the Church of the future state. To-day the Church was encompassed with mists and shadows of earth, but the Church of the future would rejoice with the refulgence of the everlasting God. The earth was the place where the vital battle between good and evil must be fought battle and the scene of the strife was man's innermost soul. Every one was swayed by the influences of good and evil, and although man knew the bounds of good he was conscious of low passions and yielded to them in spite of the promptings of his better nature. Human passions could not be eliminated from the human breast, and the intermingling of food and evil in man's soul was the cause of the intermingling of the wheat and the tares in society. Although the Church might now be surrounded with dangers and difficulties, he believed in the almost unlimited possibilities of man's development. The Church's place was where there was evil, so that the disciples could attend to the lost children of the faith. The rev. gentleman drew a picture of the angels who walked the earth, and he held his hearers spellbound with his eloquence when he painted the glories of the Church of the future, when all the knowledge and beauties, not of one world; but of the whole universe would be revealed. TUF. Late Mk. W. Deaj,-.— The Church of St Matthew, Kensington, has lost a faithful supporter in the death of Mr. W. Dean, who assisted in it* building forty-nine yean ago,' and was a constant uttcmkiut at t'10 services. It was fitting, there fore, that mention should be made of hi* death at the service* on Sunday. The Itev. W. A. Swan, in the course of his sermon in the morning, said that one who ha-l been present with them ou the pre vious Sunday had been nuddenly called to hin rest. Ever since the Church «\n built he bad been a inoit regular attendant, and was well known to almost every .worshipper there. His regularity of atten dance, in fact, had been very uoticeable 1 ill the illness be bad to bear about two years ago. Hi* familiar form amongst them would therefore be minted, and he was but expressing tho feelings of all present, when he said that he most deeply sympathized with the widow and family in their xdvero .affliction, and prayed that tho Father of AU would sustain them with that comfort which Ho alone could give. Suitable hymns were sung during tht- service, and the ' Dead March? was played by Mr. E. S. Hall, tbe organist. Primitive Methodist District Committee.— The quarterly meeting of the Primitive Methodist General District Committee was held on Friday in the . Morplictt-street Schoolroom, when a large ji mount of iinporUnt business was dealt with. - The resignation o( the Rev. T. Weatherill, who was ap pointed to the Gawler Circuit by tbe last Conference, w;is received, but as it did not como through the proper chinnel it was sent to theCircuit authorities, to whom it should have lieen forwarded in the first place. The Revs. K. J. Daddow, tho President of th? Conference,' and A. WV Wellington were deputed to attend the Qawler Circuit official meeting. - Although Mr. Weatberill has been stationed at Gawlor for «omc months he has also continued his medical practice 'in the Mallala diMiict. Methodist Union is Rermant.— The Methodist Episcopal Church in Germany is chiefly at w»rk in tho north of the Kniplre, the Wesleyan Church in tbe south. There is but uuo instance of overlapping, but there has been ? growing conviction for year* that a union of the two branches would be mutually benefici*! ' mul was essential to tho prosperity of Methodism in tbo country. The Baroness Lnngenau, though ' warmly attached to the Wesleyan Church, and one of its most munificent supporters, plesided for the union again and again. Still there was oppuiition. Eight of the twenty seven Circuits were against it. In the District Synod twenty-eight ministers voted for union, twcnty--ine ngaiust, and nix were neutral. When thu question was submitted to ib ? members, out of 2,300 1,263 voted for union, nbout 500 against, and the rest were neutral. Tho request for nmon with the Methodist Episcopal Church was presented to tbe General Conference last May, and that assembly 'by a rising vole unanimously contented to receive the Weslcyan Methodist* of Ger m-iny.' The matter was considered by the British We.-tleyan Missionary Committee, which spent, days orer it, and at length recommended Conference to agree to the propose;! amalgamation. Lt»t month tho subject camo before the Confe rence, nnd occupied much time. . The Kevx. Dr. lib;, Dr. Stephcnsnn, F. W. Mncdonald, Hiiro I'rlcc Hughes, ami others fpoko in favour of union, and tho following resolution wa* carried unani mously:— 'That tho Conference sanction the transfer of tt-o Society's mission in Germany to the MctLoillKt Kpixcoiul Church of tbe United State* in case negotiation* to that ond now pending bo brought to a satisfactory conclusion.' / . ? Pai-.ksidi; P.M. Cjkccit.— The Parkside Primi tive Methodiit quarterly meeting was held Sep tember 5. The Societies were fairly represented. The Rev. Tt. J. Oatlilow wan elected Premdent, and Mr. J. E Robinson .Secretary. The absence of Mr. 1-Mward Rom,- who has brcn un energetic ,and faithful worker in the Church, and a regular atten dant althe quarterly meetings for years, was felt, und a motion of sympathy with him in his illness was- ctrried. The Circui: .Steward*' balance-sheet showed si small dttnci--u-r: Provinon was mado for the annivcrsuriei and specjil services during the o.nartcr. Tho Itev. R. J. Daililow rea-ired and iiccopted a unanimous litOutioii to remain in the Circuit for tho fourth yeir. Mr. W. W. Winwood was re-elected Circuit Steward. Sr. ArnrsTiNE's Church, Port Acgl-sta.— A Variety Fair w.w held on Thursday afternoon, 10th inst., and evening, when the Town Hall was sally arranged with stalls of fancy goods, flowers, toys, swueu, pioducc, and refreshments. Ladies worked willingly aud well, an.l the takings amounted to £G5. Mr. Tnylor's fatuily and Curdnatta Band ribe coursed music, nnd chiliiron. trained by Mr. Webb, contributed several attractive musical pieces. Mr. Voting sprang a surprise on tbe gathering by an nouncing after tea that he liad collected £53 towards the reduction of tho Church debt, which, together with the proceeds ot tbe fair, would con siderably relieve the finances of the Church. . The y.M.C.A.— The fifth of tbo wries of men's own meetings : wa-! held in tbe Victoria Hall on Sunday af tcnioou. The attendance was very satis factory. Hie Honorary Acting Secretary presided, and uflor devotional exercises and a solo, ' David's foment,' by Mr. Poa^um, the Rev. A. J. Clark, of Cnrro:idown, adilresncil thoso present on the sub ject of ' SainnonV Weilding Trip.' Ho caid he liad always retarded Saunon as one of the comical men of tho* Bible— one who. was ' always up to a joke nr on for a lark. - Nevertheless, ho was one of God's heroes, for his name was found in the betil roll of such in the Epistle to thu Hebrew*. His life, hu smid, was a picture of our struggle!), difficulties and conllicts. There was a Waterloo in every Ohrislimfit experience which influenced tho whole of his future. Samson slew the lion in tho power of the Holy Ghost, and in this way only could men overcome. Samson's life afforded a further illustra tion of life's joys. He found a swarm of bees and honey in the carcass of tha Hon. So we found joy in tbe pence of conflict, in conquered besetments, and vanquished temptations. Lastly, .Samson km a symliol of life's service. After partaking of the houey himself hu took tome home to his father and mother. God expected men to talk about the go--d they received and to carry tlieir religion into every thing. The speaker interspersed hi* remarks with mnny bright sallies and anecdotes, and kept the close attention of the nudicucc. Baptist Union.— In connection with the annual meetings of the South Australian Baptist Union, which are to take place this week, addresses were given in the various Baptist Churches on Sunday afternoon, September 13, on the subject of "Baptists: their principles and history." The object in view was the instruction of the scholars attending the Sunday-schools of the denomination in the principles and practices of the Baptists. 