? literature. TILL THE DAY OF ? JUDGMENT. ; By E. P. OPPENHEEM, Author of ' The Mystery of Mr. Bernard Brown,' ' A Monk of Cruta,' &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IIL My father's first sermon was a great success. Ab usual, it was polished, eloquent, and simple, 'and withal original. lie preached without manuscript, almost without notes, and he took particular pains to keep within the comprehension of his tiny congregation. Lady Kaselton,' who waited for me in the aisle, whispered her warm approval. ' Whatever induced your father to come to such an out of the way hole as this?' she exclaimed as we passed through the porch into He should preach at eatledrals ! I never heard anyone whose style I liked better. But all the same it is a pity to think of such a uermon being preached to such a congregation. Don't you think so yourself T' I agreed with her heartily. ' I wonder that you girls let him come here &nd; bury himself with his talents,' she con tinued. ' I had not much to do with it,' I reminded her. ' You forget that I have lived abroad all my life. 1 really have only been home for about eight or nine months.' ' Well, 1 should have thought that your Bister would have been more ambitious for him,' she declared. 'However, it's not my business, of course^ Since you are here I shall insist, positively insist, upon coming every Sunday. My liusband says that it is such a drag . for thp . horses. Men have such ridiculous ideas whero horses are concerned. I am sure that they take more care of them than they do of their wives. Come and have tea with me to-morrow, will you ?' 'lficau,' I promised. 'It all depends upon what Providence has in store for ine in the shape of callers.' 'There is no one left to call,' Lady Nasel ton declared, with her foot upon the carnage Btep. ' 1 looked through your card plate tiie other day wlien 1 was waiting for you. You ?Will be leit lu ptsace lor a little while now.' 'You forget our neighbor,' I answered laughing, 'lie has not called yet and 1 mean him to.' Lady Naselton leaned back amongst the soft cushions ot her barouche and smiling a pitying smile at mi-. 'You need not wait for him, at any rate,' she Baid. 'If you do you will suffer for the want of fresh air.' The carriage drove off and I skirted the churchyard and made my way round to the vicarage gate. Away across the park 1 could see a huge knickuriioekered figure leaning over a gate with his back to me, smoking j. pipe. It was not a graceful attitude, nor was it a ' particularly reputable way of spending a bun day morning. \- I was reminded of him again as I walked up the path towards the bouse. A few yards from our dining-room window a dog was lying upon a. flower- bed edge. As I approached it lipped up winning and looked at me with piteous brown eyes. I recognised the breed at once. It was a beagle- one of Mr. Deville's without a doubt. It lay at my feet wiih its front paw stretched out aud when £ stooped -down to pat it it wagged its tail feebly, but made no effort to rise. Evidently its leg was broken. I fetched some lint from the house and com menced to bind up the limb as carefully as possible. The dog lay quite still, whining and licking tny hand every now and then. . Just as I was finishing off the bandage 1 be ? came conscious that someone was approaching : the garden — a tir.ni, heavy tread was crossing ? (be lane. In a moment or two a gruff voice Bounded almost at my elbow. '1 beg pardon, but I thiuk one of my dogs ? is here.' The .words were, civil enough but the tone was brusque and repellant. I looked around . without removing my hands from the lint. Our neighbor's appearance was certainly not . encouraging. Hib great frame was carelessly . clad in a very old shooting suit, which once i might have been of good cut and style, but was . now only tit for the rag dealer. He wore a ? grey flannel shirt with a turn-down collar of ? the same material. His face, whatever its . natural expression might have been, was dis figured just then with a dark,- almost a ferocious, scowl. His hand was raised, us though unwillingly, to his cap, and a pair of .. picroing grey eyes were flabhingdown upon mo \- from beneath his heavily-marked eyebrows. ? He stood frowning down upon me from his . great height, a singularly powerful and for bidding object. I resumed my task. ' No doubt it is your 1 . dog,' ? I eaid calmly. 'But you must wait until I have finished the bandage. You should r take .better care 'of your animals. Perhaps : you don't know that its leg is broken.' i. He got down on his knees at oneo without glancing at . me' again. He seemed to have 1 forgotten my very existence. 'Lawless,' he exclaimed softly, 'little lady, little lady, what have you been up to? Oh, you silly little woman 1' The animal, with' the rank ingratitude of its kind, wriggled frantically out of my grasp and fawned about its master in a paroxysm of delight. I was socompletely forgotten that I was able to observe hind at my ease. His face and voice had changed like magic. Then I saw that his : features, though irregular, were powerful and not ill-shaped, and that his ugly flannel shirt was at any rate clean. He con tinued to ignore niy presence and taking the dog up into his arms tenderly examined the fracture. ' ?? ' 'Poor little lady,' ho murmured. 'Poor little Lawless. One of those damned traps of Harrison's, I suppose. I shall kill that fellow some day 1' he added savagely under his breath. I rose to my feet and shook out my skirts. There are limits to one's tolerance. ' You are perfectly welcome 1' I remarked quietly. There was no doubt as to his having for gotten my presence. He looked up with darkened face. Lady Naselton was perfectly right. He was a very uply man ! 'I beg your pardon,' he said. 'I had quite forgotten that you were here. In fact, I thought that you had gone away. Thank you for attending to the dog. That will do very nicely until I petit home,' he added, touching the bandage. ' Until you get it homo !' I repeated. 'Thank you ! Do you think that you can bandage better than that ?' I looked down with some scorn at his large, clumsy hands. After all, were they so very clumsy, though ? They -were large and brown, but they were not without, a certain shapeli ness. They looked strong, too. He bore the glance with perfect equanimity, and, taking the two ends of the lint into his hands, com menced to draw them tighter. 'Well, you 6ee, I shall set the bone properly when I get back!' he said. 'Tins is fairly done though for an amateur. Thank you— and, good morning!' He was turning brusquely away with the dog under his arm, but I stopped him. 'Who is Harrison?' I asked, 'and why does he set traps ?' He frowned, evidently annoyed at having to stay and answer questions. 'Harrison is a Bmall tenant farmer who objects to ray crossing his land.' 'Objects to your crossing his land,' I re peated vaguely. ' Yes, yes. I take these dogs after hares, you know— beagling we call it. Sometimes I am forced, to cross his farm if a hare is running, although I never go there for one. He objects, and so he sets traps.' ' Is he your tenant?' I asked. ' Yes.' 'Why don't you get rid of him, then? I woulda't have a man who would set traps like that one for a tenant at all.' He frowned and his tone was distinctly im patient. He was evidently weary of the dis cussion. 'I cannot. He has a long lease. Good morning.' ' Good morning, Mr. Deville.' He looked over his shoulder. ' You know my name !' 'Certainly ! £-on'fc you know mine?' 'No.' ' Let me introduce myself, then ! I am Mies Ffolli'ot, the pale-face chit, you know !' I added maliciously. ' My father is the new vicar !' I was standing up before him with my hands clasped behind uiy back, and almost felt the flash of his dark, tiery eyes as they swept over ino. I could not look away from him. There was a distinct change in his whole appearance. At last he 'was looking at me with genuine interest. The lines of his mouth had come together sharply and his face was as black as thunder. 'Ffoliiot!' he repeated slowly. 'Ffolliot! How do you spell it?' 'Anyhow, so long as you remember the two Fs !' I answered suavely. ' Generally double F, O, double L, I, 0, V. Rather a pretty name, wo think, although I atn afraid you don't seem to like it ! Oh, here's my father coining ! Won't you stay and make his acquaintance ? My father, returning from the church with his surplice under his arm, had been attracted by tho sight of a strange man talking with me upon the lawn and was coming slowly over towards us. Mr. Deville turned round rather abruptly. The two men met face to face— my father dignified, correct, severe ; Bruce Deville untidy, ill-clad, with sullen darkened face lit by the fire which flashed from his eyes. Yet there was a certain dignity about his bearing and he met my father's eyes resolutely. The onus of speech seemed to rest with him and he accepted it. ' 1 need no introduction to Mr, Ffolliot,' he said sternly. 'I am afraid that I can offer you no welcome to Northshire. This is a sur prise !' My father looked him up and down with stony severity. 'So far as I am concerned, sir,' ho said, ' I desire no welcome from you. Had I known that you were to be amongst my near neighbors I should not have taken my abode here for however a short a tima' 'The 'sentiment/' remarked Mr. ' Deville, ' is altogether mutual. At any rate, we can see as little of eacn other as possible. I wish you a good morning.' He raised his cap presumably to me, although he did not- glance in my direction, and went oil' across the lawn, taking huge strides, and crossing our flower-beds with reckless un concern. My father watched him go with a dark shadow resting upon his face. He laid his fingers upon my arm and their touch through my thin gown was like the touch of fire. I looked into his still, calm face, and wondered. It was marvellous that a mau could wear such a mask. 'You have known him?' I murmured. 'Where? Who is ho?' My father drew a long inward breath through his clenched teeth. 'That man,' he eaid slowly, with his eyes still fixed upon the now distant figure, 'w;»s closely, very closely associated with the most unhappy chapter of my life. It was all over and done with before you were old enough to understand. It is many, many years'ago, but I felt in his presence 88 though it were but yesterday. -It is 'many years ago— but it hurts still— like a knife, it hurts.' Ho held his hand pressed convulsively to his side and stood watching the grey, stalwart figure now almost out of sight. His face was white and strained — some symptoms of yester day's faiutness seemed to be suggested^ by those wan cheeks and over-bright eyes. Even I, naturally unsympathetic and callous, was moved. I laid my bands upon his shoulders. 'It is over and finished, you say. this dark chapter 1' I whispered softly. ' I would not think of it.' He looked at me for a moment in silence. The grey, pallor still lingered in his thin, sunken cheeks, and. his eyes were like coal fires. Itwasa face which might well guard its own secrets. I looked into it and felt a vague sense of trouble stirring . within me. Was that chapter of his life turned over and done with for ever? Was that secret at which he had hinted, and the knowledge of which lay between these two, wholly of the past, or was. it a live thing? I could not tell. Vly father was fast becoming the enigma of my life. ^ 'I cannot cease to think about,' he said slowly. 'I shall never cease to think about it until — until ? ' ' Until when?' I whispered. ' Until the end,' he cried hoarsely. ' Until the end, and God grant that it may not be long.' Chapteb IV. This was a faithful and exact account of my meeting with the first of those two of our neighbors who seemed, according to Lady Naaelton's report, to remain entirely outside the ordinary society of the place. Curiously enough my meeting with the second one occurred on the very next afternoon. We came face to face at a turning in the wood within a few yards of her old little house, and the surprise of it almost took my breath away. Gould this be the woman condemned to isolation by a whole neighborhood — the womau on whose shoulders lay the burden of Bruce Deville's profligacy. I looked into the clear dark eyes which met mine without any shadow of embarrassment— returning in some measure the Tteeh interest of my own scrutiny ? — and the thing seemed impossible. She spoke to me graciously, and as though to do £0 were quite a matter of course. Her voice completed my subjugation. One may so often be deceived by faces, but the voice seems an infallible test. 'There is going to be a terrible storm,' she said. ' Won't you come in for a few minutes ? You will scarcely be able to get home, and these trees are not safe.' Even while she was speaking the big rain drops began to falL I gathered up my skirts and hurried along by her side. 'It is very good of you,' I said breathlessly. 'I am dreadfully afraid of a thunderstorm.' We crossed the trim little lawn aud in a moment. I had passed tho portals of the Yellow House. The front door opened into a low square hall, hung with old-fashioned engravings against a background of dark oak. There were rugs upon the polished floor and several easy chairs and lounges. By the side of one was a box from Mudie's, evidently just arrived, and a small wood fire was burning in the open grate. She laid her hand on the back of a low rocking chair. ' Shall we sit here V she suggested. 'We can keep the door open and watch the storm. Or perhaps you would rather see as little of it as possible 5' I took the easy chair opposite to her._ 'I don't mind watching it from inside,' I answered. '? I am really nervous, but those trees look horribly unsafe ! One wants to be on the moor to enjoy a thunderstorm !?- She looked at me with a faint smile, kindly but critically. ' No, you don't look particularly nervous,' she said. ' I wonder ? ' A crash of thunder drowned the rest of her sentence. In the silence which followed I found her studying my features intently. For some reason or other she seemed suddenly to have developed a new and strong interest in me. Her eyes were fastened upon my face. I began to feel almost uncomfortable. She suddenly realised it and broke into a little laugh. ' ' Forgive my staring at you so outrageously, ' she exclaimed. 'You must think me a very rude person. It is odd to meet anyone in the woods about here, you know ; and I don't think that I have ever seen you before, have I?' I shook my head. ' Probably not, unless you were at church yesterday,' I said. ' Then I certainly have not, for I do not attend church,' she answered. 'But you don't live in church, do you ?' I laughed. 'Oh, no; but we have only been here a week or so,' I told her. 'My name is Kate Ffolliot. I am the daughter of the new vicar, or, rather, curate-in-charge.' Once more the hall was filled with white light. There was a moment's brreathless silence and then the thunder came crashing over our heads. When it was over she was leaning forward with her face buried in her hands. She did not look up immediately. 'The thunder is awful,' I remarked. 'I never heard it more directly overhead. I am afraid it is making you uncomfortable, is it not?' She did not move her hands or answer me. I rose to my feet frightened. 'What is the matter?' I cried. 'Are you ill ? Shall I call anyone ?' She raised her head and looked at me, motioning me to sit down with a little wave of her hand. Evidently the storm had affected her nerves. Her face was paler than ever save where her clenched fingers seemed to have cut into her cheeks and left red livid marks on either side. Her dark eyes were unnaturally bright and dry. She had lost that dignified serenity of manner which had first impressed :ne. 'No ; please sit down,' she said softly. 'I am all right— only very foolish. That last crash was too awlul. It was silly of mo to mind, though. I have seen worse storms. It is a sign of advancing age, I suppose.' I laughed. She was still regarding me fixedly. 'So we are neighbors, Miss Ffolliot?' she remarked. 'Clc-ooues,' I answered. 'There is only a little belt of trees between ub.' ' I might have guessed who you were,' she said. ' For the moment, though, it did not occur to me. You are not,' she said with a faint smile, 'at all what one looks for in a country clergyman's daughter.' 'I have lived abroad nearly all my life,' I said. ' I was at school in Berlin aud Heidel berg. My sister has a! ways been my father's helper. I urn afraid that parish work does not appeal to me at alL' I am not surprised at that,' she an swered. 'One needs a special disposition to interest one's-self in those things, aud without being a physiognomist I can tell that you have not got it. ' People in the country are so stupid and they take so much for granted,' I remarked. ' If I were a philanthropist I should certainly choose to work in a city. 'You are quite right,' she answered ab sently. 'Work amongst people who have learned to think a little for themselves is more inspiring.' . . , ? We were silent for a moment or two. She was evidently not interested in the discussion, so I did not attempt to carry it on. I turned a little in my chair to watch the storm outside, conscious all the time that her eyes scarcely left . my face. '' 1 had grown so used,' she said -presently, 'to the rectory being empty that Iliad quite forgotten the possibility of its being occupied again. The vicar used to live several miles away. I wonder that Mr. Daville did not know anything about you— that he did not .know.ypur'name, at any rate.' . Now I was sorry that she had mentioned Mr. Deville. I was doing my best to forget all that I had heard from Lady Naselton and to form an independent judgment, but at her words the whole substance of it returned to me with a rush. I leaned back in my chair aud looked at her thoughtfully. She was a woman whose age might be anything between 35 and 40. She was plainly dressed, but with a quiet elegance which forbade any idea of a country dressmaker. She was too thin for her figure to be considered in any way good, but she was tall and graceful in all her movements. Her thick brown hair, touched here and there with grey, was parted in the middle and vigorously brushed away from a low, thoughtful fore head, over which it showed a decided pro pensity to wave. Her features were good and strongly marked, and her skin was perfect. Her eyes were bright and dark, her mouth piquant and humorous. She had no pretence to beauty, but she was certainly a very attrac tive and a very well-bred woman. I had never in all my life seen anyone who sug gested less those things at which Lady Nasel ton had hinted. Perhaps she saw the slight change in my face at Mr. Deville's name. At any rate she turned the conversation. ' Have you been living in the country before you came here, or near a large city?' she asked. ' You will find it very quiet here.' 'We came from Belchester, I answered. 'My father had a church in the suburbs there. It was very horrid, I was not there long, but I hated it. I think the most desolate country region in the world is better than suburbanism.' 'I don't think that I agree with you,' she smiled 'In a large community at any rate you are closer to die problems of life. I was at Belchester not long ago and I found it very interesting.' 'You were at Belchester,' I repeated in surprise. 'Yes. I was electioneering. I came to help Mr. Densham.' 'What ! The Socialist !' I cried. She nodded and I could see that the corners of her mouth were twitching with amusement. 'Yes! I thought that Belchester was rather an enlightened place. We polled over four thousand votes. I think if we had had another week or two and a few less helpers we might have got Mr. Densham in.' 'A few less helpers?' I repeated aimlessly. 'Yes. That is the worst of labor and socialist meetings. There is such a terrible craving amongst the working classes to become a stump orator. You cannot teach them to hold their tongues. They make silly speeches, aud of course the newspapers on the other side report them and we get the discredit of their opinions. One always suffers most at the hands of one's friends.' I looked at her in silent wonder. I too had helped at that election — that is to say, I had driven about in the Countess of Applecoru's barouche with a great bunch of cornflowers in my gown and talked amiably to a lot or un interesting people. I have a dim recollection of a one-horse waggonette which we bad passed on the way preceded by a brass band and a lot of factory hands, and of Lady Applecorn raising her gold-rimmed eyeglass and saying something about the iSooialist can didate.' ' Did you make speeches — and that sort of thins ?' I asked hesitatingly. She laughed outright. ' Of course I did. How else could I have helped ? I am afraid that you are beginning to thiuk that I am a very terrible person,' she added, with a decided twinkle in her rich browu eyes. ' Please don't 6ay that,' I begged. 'Only I have been brought up always with people who shuddered at the very mention ot the word both here and abroad, and I daresay that I have a wrong impression about it alL For one thing I thought it was only poor people who were Socialists.' For a moment she looked grave. 'True Socialism is the most fascinating of all doctrines for the rich and the poor, for all thoughtful tpen and women,' she said quietly. ' It is a religion as well as the very core of politics. But we will not talk about that now. Are you interested in the new books V You might like to see some of those,' pointing at the box. ' I get all the new novels, but 1 read very few of them.' I looked them over as she handed the volumes out to me. I had read a good many books in which she was interested. We began to discuss them, casually at first and then eagerly. An hour or more must have slipped away. At last I looked at the clock and sprang up. ' You must have some tea,' she said with her hand on the belL 'Please do not hurry away.' I hesitated, but she seemed to take my consent for granted, and I suffered myself to be persuaded. 'Come and see my den while they bring it !' She opened a door on the left hand of the hall and I passed by her side into a large room of irregular shape, from which French windows led out on to the trim little lawn. The walls were almost lined with books— my father's library did not hold so many. A writing-table drawn up to the window was covered with loose fihi'ets of paper and workB of reference turned upon their faces. For the rest tho room was a marvel of coloring and relined femininity. There were plenty of cosy chairs, and three-legged tables, with their burden of dainty china, rare statuettes, and many vases of ilowers, mostly clustering yellow roses.- But what absorbed my attention after my rapid glance around waa the . fact that Mr. Bruce Deville was sitting in a very comfortable chair near the window reading one of theloose sheets of paper which he had taken from the desk. lie rose to his feet at the sound of the open ing of the door, but he did not immediately look up. He spoke to her and I scarcely recognised his voioe. Hisgruffness was gone 1 It was mellow and good-humored. 'Marcial MarciaJ Why can't you leave poor Harris alone f he said. 'You will drive him out of bis senses if you sling Greek at him like this. You women are eo vindictive I' \- ? .. ?-.... »- ? ? 'If you will condescend to turn round,' Bhe answered, smiling, 'I shall be glad to know. ? how you got in here and what you are doing \ with my manuscript.' . ..' : ' He looked up and the sheet fluttered from his fingers. He regarded it with undiluted astonishment. - 'Well, I came in at the window!' ho answered. 'I was in a hurry to escape getting wet through. I had no idea that you « had a visitor.' I glanced towards her. She was in no way discomposed or annoyed. ' I am not inclined to walk this afternoon,' the said. ' Will yon come down after dinner, about 9. I want to see you, but not just now.' ? ?- He nodded and took up his cap. At the window he looked back at me curiously. For a moment he seemed about to speak. He contented himself,' however, with a parting bow, to which I responded. Directly he gob outside the garden he took his pipe from his pocket and lit it. The incident did not Beem to have troubled her in any way. She pointed out some of the treasures of her room, elegant little trifles, collected in many countries of the world, but I am afraid I was not very attentive. 'Is Mr. Deville a relation of yours f I asked rather abruptly. She had just taken down a little Italian statuette for my inspection and she replaced it carefully before she answered. ' No, we are friends, I have known him for a good many yeara.' A tiny Burmese gong rang out from the hall. She came across the room towards me, smiling pleasantly. ' Shall we go and have some tea ? I always want tea so much after a thunderstorm. I will show you some more of my Penates, if you like, afterwards.' I followed her into the hall and took my tea from the hauds of a trim little maid servant. With the Dresden cup between my fingers a sudden thought flashed into my mind. If only Lady Naselton could see me. Unconsciously my iips parted and I laughed outright. 'Do forgive me,' I begged. 'Something came into my mind — it was too funny — I could not help laughing.' 'To be able to laugh at one's thoughts is a luxury,' she answered. 'I know a man who lived through a terrible illness solely because of his sense of humor. There are so many things to laugh at in the world, if only one Bees them in the right light. Let me give you some more tea.' I set down my cup. 'No more, thanks. That has been delicious. I wonder whether I might ask you a question?' I added. 'I should like to if I might.' 'Well, you certainly may,' she answered good -humored ly. 'Mr. Deville spoke of }'our work,' I con tinued ; ' and of course I could Bee tliat you had been writing. Do you write fiction? I think it is so delightful for women to do any thing for themselves— any real work I mean. Do you mind my asking V' 'I do not write fiction as a rule,' Bhe said slowly. ' i write for the newspapers. I was a correspondent for several years for one of the dailies. I write more now for a purpose. I am one of the 'abhorred tribe,' you know — a Socialist, or what people understand as a Socialist. Are you horrified ?' 'Not in the least,' I answered her; 'only I should like to know more about it. From what 1 have heard about Socialism I should never have dreamed of associating it with— well, with Dresden cup3 and saucers, for in stance,' I laughed, motioning to her own. Her eyes twinkled. ' Poor ohild,' she said, ' you have all the old-fashioned ideas about us and our beliefs, 1 suppose. I am not sure that if you were a properly-regulated young lady you would not get up and walk out of the house.' A shadow had fallen across the open door way and a familiar voice, stern, but tremulous with passion, took up her words. ' That is precisely what my daughter will do, madam. At once and without delay.' Do you hear, Kate?' . I roue to my feet dumb with amazement. My father's tall figure drawn to its utmost height stood out with almost starting vividness against the sunlit space beyond. A deep red flush was on his pale cheeks. His eyes seemed on fire with anger. My hostess rose to her feet with dignity. ' Your daughter is at liberty to remain or go at any tiuie, she said coldly. 'I presume that I am addressing Mr. Ffoliiot ?' She looked over my shoulder towards my father and their eyes met. I looked from one to the other, conscious that something was passing outside my knowledge — something between these two. Her eyes had become like dull stones. Her face had grown strangely hard and cold. There was a brief period of intense silence,_ broken only by the slow, monotonous tickling of the hall clock and the flutter of the birds' wings from amongst the elm trees outside. A breath of wind brought a shower of rain drops down on to tlxe gravel path. A sparrow flew twittering into the hall and out again. Then it came to an end. ' Marcia !' ' His single cry rang out like a pistol-shot upon the intense silence. He took a quick step across the threshold. She held out both her hands in front o£ her and he stopped short ' You had better go !' she said. ' You had better go quickly 1' I went out and took my father's arm. He ' let me lead him away without a word ; but he would have fallen several times if it had not been for my support. When we reached home ho turned at once into the library. 'Go away, Kate,' he said wearily. 'I must be alone. See that I am not disturbed,' I hesitated, but he insisted. I shut the door and left him. I, too, wanted to be itlone. My brain was in a whirl. What was this past whose ghosts seemed rising up one by one to confront us ? First there had been Mr. Deville and now the woman whom my father had called Marcia. What were they to him? What had he to do with them ? Where had their lives touched ? I pressed my hot fore head against the window pane and looked across at tho Yellow House. The sunlight was flashing and- glistening upon its damp, rain-soaked front. In the doorway a woman was standing shading her eves with her hand and looking across the park. I followed her gaze and saw for whom she was waiting. Bruce Deville was walking swiftly towards her. I saw him leap a fence to save a few yards and he was taking huge and rapid strides. I turned away from my window and hid my face in my hands. I To be continued.) 827 | 