The Storyteller. A BICYCLE RIDE FOR LIFE. I intended to break the record, as the slang phirase goes-no very difficult matter, I re flected, so far as a Canladian winter record on a bicycle was concerned. To do so, however, required judgment. I knew I had the long rise in forest before me and I must reserve myself for that. I went steadily on ! I had crossed the level at last, and I knew I had done well. The light was bright cIQtugh-to see the time, but I decided to wait until I entered the forest. It was no longer quite so easy to keep the bicycle up to speed. 'I'here was more effort in the pressure on the pedals, a little more sensation in the muscles of the legs, as I did so. I looked round. Yes, I had alreadly made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was regular, but not steep enough greatly to reduce my speed. As I went I glant?ed from side to side-for I was conscious of the oppressive solitude of the forest; but my pace was not retarded for a moment. One of: the sleighing party had been talking of wolves. The winter, it seemed had been an early one, and it cer tainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, hadl been showing in packs not 20 miles to the north. There wasnot asound but the low crisp crunch of the snow under, the wheels of my machine, and even that seemed hushed and distant. Yet, what was that? Was it fancy, or did I hear something shrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand? Surely there was something-if it was only the wail of a distant gust of wind moaning through the forest pines ! I bent over the bicycle and concentrated my ener giesupon facing the long assent. There it was again. It was no wail of the northern wind--no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of a living thing. It was nature's savage complaint against the pars of hunger I On and on we flew. There was not a breath of wind to stir the lightest snowflake on the tenderest spray, yet my hair was thrown back from my brow, where great drops of perspiration now gathered and began to trickle down my face. On and on ! without a thought but that of pressing for ward, without a hope but that of reaching the descent of the slope, and the edge of the forest. And as I went I knew that I was followed. From the dim arcades on my right came from time to time a short. gasp ing howl, cut short in the moment of utter ance by the exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were in full cry. It was a race for bare life. I leant forward, and threw every energy I possessed into the one effort to press oa . The trees flitted past me like ghosts. The long hanging boughs nearly brushed my face as I swept past. The cold air blew in my face and carried even the heavy fur of my coat behind me as I rushed through the night. And yet my pursuers did not lose ground. On the con trary, they were gaining. Not quickly, not with a rush; but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainly that was deadly; with a monotony that was ghastly beyond expres sion. I clenched my teeth with fierce deter mination. I kept my eyes fixed on the line of light that stretched on and on in front, as if it would never end I The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild buzzing in my head, there was a weary feeling growing in my limbs, there was a despairing sense of the uselessness of efforts growing stronger in my mind. At any rate it was now for the first time 1 saw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on my right-only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a head--a long sharp muzzle-the mouth open, the lower jaw hanging, the ears erect I It crept on. Little by little it gained on me-an inch--only an inch at a time, but always an inch more. This shadow became an horror to me. At last ! The long straight head made a curve to the right. Not a sharp curve, but enough to bring me to closer quarters with my untiring pursuer. In a moment as I pressed upon the handles and followed the sweep of the road he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had given place to a substance-2-with a long panting, snarling growl a hiuge wolf was by my side. He was old, for I could see that his mhair was groy as it showed in the moon light. His huge mouth was wide open, showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hungfrom his slavering jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red coals gleamed from beneath the thickly matted hair that rang over his face. There was a look of ex Tjstlon about him that for the moment increased the horror of his appearance. In voluntarily I swerved as he sprung, and his great jaws came together with a snap not an inch from my knee. His leap had cost him something in speed, and he fell back quite half a yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gathering horror of his pursuing shadow, and the change amroused me. My hand went instinctively to the handle of Bob's revolver. The familiar touch seemed to reassure nme. I drew itfrom my belt. I weighed it in my hand so as to grow accustomed to it. I dared nbt turn in my seat, and yet I must get a shot at the a grizzled leader of the pack. Insensibly I slackened my pace for a second 1 or two; insensibly the huge head crept up once more to my hind wheel, to my;foot, a little in front of my foot! Once more hel i was gathering himself up for a spring. Once more his blood-shot, hungry eyes were turn ing towards m as he kept up his long lealp ing galloj It was The indmezjt. _uibk a4 thought r firdI. The "ball struck him struck him, I think, on the shoulder, for with one fierce snarl, that seemed to express pain, disappointment and terror all in one, he rolled over in a heap almost against the rushing wheel of my bicycle. There was a pause in the chase. Once mole I turned to the track. Once more I concentrated every energy to increase the distance between myself and my relentless pursuers. The welcome respite was but a short one. My head swam dizzily with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long and fierce excitement; my limbs grew numb and heavy under the desperate strain. Thank God II was on the downward slope. Thank God ! there was at last a prospect of escape. The descent made itself quickly ifelt. Ex hausted as I had been I couldn't have kept it up much longer, and I must have been overtaken. Down the long, smopth slope'we rushed at a pace that was monieutarily ih creasing. I looked behind me once more. The wolves were following still, but they too were groWing exhausted. I glanced at the ascent beyond the bridge; I glanced at the laboring pursuers behind me-I could do it still. I dashed at the bridge. I1 was across, and now the ascent began ; I bent over the bicycle, I forced my weary limbs to exert them once more. For fully a hundredl yards the ascent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I seemed to go with each mroment. The perspiration poured from my face, my legs and ankles burned as if steeped in liquid fire. I clenched my teeth and gripped the handles as if for bare life, and at each slow turn of the wheel j seemed to hear the panting of the wolves behind me. At last I did it! At the top of the slope I turned and looked behind. The moon shone white on the grey leader as he bounded on to the bridge; two others followed him closely, the rest were scattered behind them on the road. Not one had as yet abandoned the chase, not one had yet given up hopes of the prey. I drew my revolver from my belt once more, I rested the barrel for a momenit. on the handle of the machine. As the leader neared my end of the bridge I turned and fired. I hit him. With a sharp howl he sprang into the air and fell half across the 1lparapet, then he turned over and I could see his body glance whitely as he plunged into the river below. Exhausted as 1 was, I found that I could make an effort still. I could hear nothing of the wolves, but yet for aught I knew they may be following still. Imagination supplied the place of my dulled senses, and I could fancy I heard their pant inig behind me-I could even imagine the slharp suffling of their feet on the snow. Sud denly a broad stream of light fell across the road. There was a sound of voices which sounded strangely far away ; there were the figures of men, though they looked like the men we see in dreams. My bicycle swept on, but Icould not control it. Everything swam before my eyes, my limbs refused to move any longer-I felt that I was falling falling-and I was caught in Dr Jackson's strong arms.-" Scribner's Magazine." 