OORRE8PONDENOE. -4---. [We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions expressed by our Correspondents.] (To the Editor of the Standard.) Daa Sta,-- Iu these days of general en. lightenment a frequent question is "' What shall I read." With your permission I wish to advise any one, who has not yet done so, to read Mari Vorelll's "Barrabbas." I do not submit my recommendation to children, or to those men and women whose" bodies cer. tainly, have "grown up," but whose minds have not been properly nourished. With the above advie I desire to indicate some noticeable errors in Miss Corelli's book. The firt I will notice is her portrayal of the character of Judas Iscarlot, in whitch Misn Corelli ignores the information in the Canonical writings, that Judas was a "thief," and that his improper desire to grasp money is the generally accepted motive fur his base betr.ayal of his Master. An error of more importance is stated in the account of the Crucifixion, in which Miss Corelli places the wounding by the spear as having been made before our Lord "yielded up the ghost." A comparison of the man Pilate, as descri bed in the book under notice, with the ac. count given by Canon Farrar, leads one to think that biss Corelli has preferred to snake an artistic effect to de:cribing this sarah and blood-thilsty Roman as he really appears in the light of imiartial history. Josephus' Book xxnIt, records that Pilat 's government had been so harsh that he lost his appointment in consequence of his repea ted cruelties. The author's wholesale condemnation of the Priesthood, put from the month of t* Melchior," is an evident straining for effect. Even in those days there was a Zacharise, and why should the fact that a man is a "professing Priest" be auffi cient to condemn him as lost to all aciouse influenco? licrause th re was one Popo Alexander must we forget all those shining lights who, under their baster, con. trolled the church in the early days ? The office of the Priest in honorable, and one ex posing the holder of it to many temptations not felt by tie orditnry layman. If there had been no Bishops in the early church what, humanly speaking, would have been the organization and records of the Churob when she was exposed to active opposition and persecution? Another matter in which I think Miss Corelli is seriouslyat fault is in her descrip tion of St. Peter. Could the man described by her be the same spoken of in such approv lngterms in Mutt. xvi 17 ? The incousis tency is too glaring ! The converston of !Barrabbas (page 444) is well drawn, but seems to me an imitation of the confession of St. Thomas. Notwithstanding all these discrepancies I think that Mise Corelli has done well to write" iBarabbas," and that anyone, fairly eduu.tod, will derive some benefit and pleas ure by the reading of it. When so ninmany peoolo waste valuable time in consuming masses of sentimental rubbish, such a book as 'Barabbas" must have r tendency to draw men's minds to the wonderful records of The Book, and to the things invisibll but absolutely true, and inevitable in their inci dence.-Youra, etc., A LAYMAiN. 