Our Tuesday's Tale. GRANNY'S GHOST. It was in Mill town, this haunted house -of which I write, and, as usual in such cases, the occupants were ill at ease. It was annoying, to say the least, to Bear that , ghostly rocking, rocking to and fro in midnight hours, when the slightest sound assumed startling pro portions. Squire EIMns had bought the place as a bargain—or so it seemed; but if he had known it was haunted he would not have taken it at any price. Not that he was nervous or believed in ghosts i bat it was " deucedly uncom fortable/' he said, to be roused from slumber half a dozen times in a night; with the information that somebody j was rocking the big armchair. j " Well, let 'em rock," he growled, j " I don't want to." - ' " Yes ; but Harvey, what is it ?" " Ijdon't know and don't care. ,Go to sleep, Sarah." And Sarah tried—perhaps she suc ceeded ; but when that mysterious rocking began again the scene. was. re peated, until in desperation the sqnire would go to the large apartment which answered forkitchenand dining-room., It was very comfortable there.- A. big i rocking-chair, occupied, the cozy <»rner' between' the hearth and the ^abtry door. TJpon a small stand were the evening papers and a lamp. Jnst op posite was Sarah's low chair, in' which she was wont to rock and knit. But why the rocking should continue after1 the occupants of the chairs were in bed was a matter that puzzled and alarmed her. Only lately that she heard the sound, but she was sure'her ears did not deceive ber. The squire did not tell her upon his return from the investigating tours which she forced him to make that the big chair was swaying back and forth as if recently vacated. " Some natural cause for it; but I'll be confounded if Isee just .what,?- be;, muttered, then unbloshingly declared to his wife that not a thing was stir ring, not even a moused • & When she began to talk of ghosts he ridiculed the idea, yet wondered the while why the- places-was sold -so cheaply. To be sore the bonse was somewhat out of repair but paint and plaster would soon remedy- that; the -lind'^ns. good and *|pelkjocated; if ijthereshould besucb a thing asahouse ibeing hapntcd, that would ^account. " But, pshaw I'there iare jioghosts," he mentally exclaimedand he dismissed the matter from his mind and slept the sleep of the just. . Nhtso poor Sarab.~; When the idea had once possessed her mind she could not get rid of it. She began to make cautious inquiries of the neighbours concerning the former owner and his ] family. She learned that Mr. Harris had been a widower with several chil dren. A servant girl and his helpless old mother completed the family. " When she died he sold out and moved away. The house doesn't look the same without the old lady. She i always sat in that comer and rocked. I 'pan just shut my eyes and see her now." Thus the volluble neighbour chatted on, 'unmindful of the horrible certainty that took possession of Mrs. Elkins. " I just know it, Harvey. The honse is actually haunted," she said to her husband that night in a terrified whisper. "It's old Granny Harris's 'host rocking in your big chair. What ever shall we do!" " Do nothing," snapped the squire, to whom the subject had become an exasperating one. " The old woman is welcome to rock all night, just so she don't dispute my claim to the chap: before bedtime." " Oh, Harvey, how can you talk so ? I would not sit in that chair for the world." It ^The old woman,1 Harvey 1 She's rocking! I can't stand it." " Confound the old woman—and yon, tool I never heard of a thore peaceable ghost. What would yon do with one that wandered around in a winding sheet, with fiery eyes and sul phurous breath 1" Poor Sarah cowered beneath the bedclothes while her husband resumed his snoring-—a sound much more for midable than the mysterious rocking. Squire Elkins was not a cruel man, but he knew little about nerves, and had not the least sympathy for his timid wife. Nothing but bodily dan ger could alarm bim. " Harvey, can't I send for Cynthia ? I'm really ill," said Sarah one morning after a night of almost incessant rock ing- . " Why, of course, if you want to; but not a word about ghosts to her." Cynthia was her maiden sister, who lived with their brother John, in New ton. -She came at once. . , . " Well, Sarah, you do look bad, for a fact," was the sympathetic spinster's greeting. "But I'll chirk you up a bit. . I .-brought some sassafras and ca momile and a lady's slipper with me." The day passed pleasantly enough, and at nine o'clock ail was as quiet as usual. Cynthia slept just across the hall from her brother and his wife. There was only a partition between the bedrooms and the kitchen, though both doors opened into the hall. "Sarah," called Cynthia, an hour later, " are you ill V "No," was the muffled response from the covert of the bedclothes. "Is Harvey?" " No," again. " What's he sitting up for?" "It ain't him Cynthia." " Well, who is it T " I don't know." " Don't know ? Well, I'm going to know!" The bedroom door opened and an energetic-step was heard in the hall. " Don't don't, Cynthiai Listen to me?".came in terrified accents from the opposite room. Cynthia opened the door as Sarah whispered faintly— "It's—it's a ghost, Cynthia; but don't let Harvey know I told." " Harvey, Harvey!" cried Cynthia: " Get upland see who's in tha£roeking chair."® J ff ^ S, "> j? ^ - "Iotdj>res«fe as] ^Wh^llil do with ?"%roahed poOr squire, as Cynthia retreated to bed and' stuffed the clothes in her ears to shut out the mysterious rocking that came and cfe&sed;, and came and ceased,; and came again, all night long. In the morning she heard the story and undertook that no herb, however potent, would " chirk up" her sister in-law. A^&er;,xiighty a repetition of the first, Cynthia returned to John's house, taking Sarah with her. - ¥ Squire Eikihs felt greatly relieved' at first; but when a week had passed he began to long for company, and hailed with pleasure the night's so journ of a passing peddler. To his annoyance the transient guest enquired in the morning the meaning of the rocking he had heard. The squire ex plained, and the news that the Harris house was haunted flew on willing wings. Then the real trouble began. He was deluged, with enquiries and confronted by the most senseless and bloodcurdling tales imaginable. He dented and exaggerated hy tums, and the ball kept rolling. The house was avoided as if a pestilence lurked there; teamsters whipped .hp "their horses and harried by. Some even viewed the Squire askancfe, iintil in his righteous indignation he grew so fierce that it was said he was going crazy, and- that (in addition to the ghost) was why ti»g wife had left him. A few venturesome spirits essayed ' an investigation, but each one heard the mysterious sounds, and went away to add freisb fuel to the flames. One even asserted that he had seen a shadowy form,, in cap and spectacles, swaying to and fro within the chair, and heard a moaning as of someone in distress. And nobody questioned the truth of the statement, though not a single hearer would have believed the man on oath in a business transaction. The squire grew sick of the "infer nal nonsense," as he termed it, before two weeks bad passed, and wrote to his wife to return home. When she did not come he went over to Newton to see about it. He gave a full his tory of how his neighbours—" the con founded idiots]"—were talking, and bid Sarah « pack her duds and go home to shut their mouths." "Oh, Harvey, sell the place—give it away—anything but take me back there?" pleaded Sarah, and Cynthia seconded her entreaty. Squire Elkins stormed and tore, and swore he would never do it for any ghost, nor the foolish whim of a wo •man. ' ' Hoes the chair really rock, Uncle Harvey ?" asked his neice, . Kitty Elkins, when she found the squire alone. " It does for a fact, Kitty." " But what makes it go f' Granny Harris, I reckon—I don't know what else. They say she always sat in that corner • it's a very comfort able one; I don't wonder she likes to come back j and I'm -sure no one ought to complain if I don't. We never oc cupy the chair at the same time." "But she's dead, Uncle Harvey;! you surely don't believe in ghosts ?" ' | Hon t know, Kit. There's some thing mighty queer about it. But I never heard of a sensibler ghost. As long as she don't take to wandering around, I've not a word to say. She can have my chair whenever I don't want it. I don't see how folks can be so selfish." «I'll tell you what we'll do, Uncle Harvey. If Net Baker will go along —and I know she will, she's always in for any fun—we'll go with you and lay that ghost, so Aunt Sarah can re turn to her home again." The next, night two meriy, miscbie I vous girls were domiciled in the hall j bedroom. " How's the ghost 1 asked the squire , in the morning. "I entirely forgot that 'Granny' doesn't introduce herself when she comes, and we went to sleep and never woke up till broad daylight," admitted Kitty. " We'll stay awake to night Uncle Harvey." _ So the next night they turned their light down and told stories to keep up till the ghost should make her presence known. They had not long to wait. Turning up the light they hastened to the kitchen. - Yes, the chair was rock ing, bat nothing further could they discover. If was vacant, for Kitty sat in it, to make assurance doubly sure. They withdrew leaving the light this time. When the rocking was repeated they rushed upon the. scene with the same result as before. It did look queer—that s waying chair, propelled by unseen forces; but neither of the girls was superstitious in the least. "One thing we've learned," said Hit, " the ghost isn't afraid of a light. We 11 stay, too, this time." So they brought a quilt and pillows, and curled down in semi-shadow to watch. All was quiet, and Kitty was fast losing consciousness when a slight noise ronsed her. She eafc vp and petted anxiously.at the rocking-chair. Nothing "pnusual:ronldshe see; but just beyond a slight movement caught her fcetfUCye. "She grasped:Net's arm and. said in suppressed merriment— " Granny must be coming. See those two little black eyes just bejond thicbSirl? •# . $ ,i" In an instant the eyes were followed by a tiny brown head. Then an agile mouse sprtang from a hole in the wall to the back of the chair. Down It ran to the arm, jumped from there to the stand,'and very industriously be gan tearing pieces from " a newspaper. "When it had all it coulJ carry it hied away home by its?previous route. >, i The girls had been so interested id the little creature's movements that the truth never dawned npon them until it had jumped from the swaying rocking chair and disappeared into its hole. " Granny, as I live!" exclaimed Kit. " Hprrafa 1- Uncle.i Haryey! TJncle Harvey! we've spotted the ;host !" And then they laughed long and loud until the squire appeared. The chair was still rocking from the impetus thetiHy^mouse had given it, and the mystery'was explained. " I thought the old lady had been making kind of free with my papers lately ! but I hated to mention it, not wanting to-seem'' selfish," was the Squire's only comment. Aunt Sarah came home after the walls had been replastered, and Uncle Harry gave each of the girls an . ele gant gold ring for services rendered. And would, you believe it % After the thing came out, not a soul could be found who ever believed there was any ghost—not even Mrs. Elkins her self. That ring is still among Kit's choic est treasures, and she is often per suaded to exhibit it to her children's guests—of which I chanced to be one —while she relates how the Harris ghost was laid. 