AT HOME AND ABROAD. ' Outis' takes a stern and lofty, not to say a tragic, view of the obligations of the Irish , patriot. He will by no means admit that any thing relating to the traditional skittles and beer should enter into the surroundings of the character in question. He is oven ready to pardon the patriots of the past for their sur vival and preservation, m the shape or pictures, 'in wonderfully- fitting breeches and top boots ' in many Irish homes, because of the risk they ran and the suffering they endured. The eye of the critic might, however, be less exacting if he remembered that in those days men really did wear tights and boots. If the art of the period did more than justice to their tailors and bootmakers — that was the inevitable result of a less advanced stage. Engravings of' the kind were by no means confined to the Irish patriot, nor is it only in Irish homes that they are now to be found. It is a slight failure of acuteness in our clever friend to point out as remarkable what in fact is very commonplace. Nor, indeed, is this the only respect in which our clever friend makes a slight mistake. The old-time patriot, for example, was not, as he says, ' always informed against by some of the boys.' The informers whose memories are most deservedly held in execration — Shearers Armstrong, for instance, or, in Ionian times. Talbot— had never been among the 'boys,' and those of them who had been so were un fortunates round whose own necks the halter had been placed, and whose object was the salvation of their lives. It is a doubtful stroke to be given by a friendly hand to the ' boys ' that they produced informers. 'Weaklings, no doubt, there were too often among them whose weakness and fears the unscrupulous officials of an infamous system knew how to play upon an d corrupt. Had a govern men t of eq ual infamy existed elsewhere, the probabilities are that similar tactics would have been employed by it with similar effects. What, meantime, our clever friend cannot endure is that the Irish patriot of the present should be received with civility abroad and treated pretty much as any welcome visitor is treated. Surely a banquet or a picnic given in honour of a visitor is too ordinary a mark of civility to require much comment. ' Outis ' evidently writes a propos of the picnic to bo given to Mr. Blake. But here again, strange to say, our clever friend makes a mistake. In order to receive such civility, he says, the modern Irish patriot ' does not require to show his patriotic quali ties at any great expense of personal con venience.' Our clever friend, then, knows little of the history of the struggle still proceeding. What, for example, of Michael Davitt, the Irish patriot, who, the latest, was cordially received here ? Had his long years of imprisonment subjected him to no personal inconvenience ? What of John Dillon, and William O'Brien, and T. D. Sullivan, and many others? What, in short, of the recent records of Kilmainham, and Tullamore, and G-alvvay ? They tell, we fancy, a different story. We may, indeed, conclude that the bitterness of death is past ; but can ' Outis ' pledge his acuteness for it that imprisonment— manacles and Manitoba, to quote Lord Salis bury — may not still enter into the expedients of a Unionist Government ? If, meantime, Irish patriots who have abun dantly proved their readiness to brave such measures are ready also to enjoy life while they rationally may, or if their friends are anxious, on occasion, to offer them the moans of doing so, themselves at the same time partaking in the enjoyment, is it a matter for sneering ? A Gradgrind, perhaps, might find it so. But it is foolish, as well as invidious, to attempt to throw cold water on a demonstration such as that to which ' Outis ' alludes. The tragic vein, even when it is sincere, but ill befits a jester. Its assumption, for a not very genial purpose, gives to his sallies too palpably the tone of a sardonic grin. Things in South Africa have assumed a more peaceable aspect. President Kruger has ex pressed his intention to release Dr. Jameson and the other prisoners, for which he has re ceived an appreciative acknowledgment from Her Majesty the Queen, who gives it as hot' opinion that the action will conduce towards peace and a better understanding between the Dutch and the British in the Transvaal. The President, however, is reported to demand the banishment from South Airica, nob only of Dr. Jameson, but a)so of Mr. Cecil Rhodes — a matter, in the latter case, looked' upon as im possible. The Boers, too, are said to have behaved themselves with some humanity, hav ing, on the field of battle, supplied their van quished enemy, who had been fasting for three days, with food. A. return had been made by the conqueror r, ' however, to the tactics of Majuba Hill, and they had firod from under the cover of rocks. Military preparations in England, meantime, have been modified. The militia and volunteer forces, as intended, will not now be mobilised. The flying squadron, to be commanded by Rear-Admiral Dale, is, nevertheless, an accomplished fact. It, as well as the Channel fleet, will be strengthened by the addition of torpedo destroyers. It is rumoured, moreover, that this reinforcement of the navy is, in great part, due to a belief that France and Russia are about to move with regard to Egypt, and also on some points in connection with the Armenian question. Feel ing in Q-ermany, on the contrary, is said to be milder than it was at first. Rumours and suggestions, as a matter of course, are infinite ; but, on the whole, it seems probable that danger, for the moment, has passed by. It would be rash to predict that no results are still to come. The chief danger of the times, as we have already said, consists in the colonising jealousy, that is one of their prominent features, more especially where England is concerned. Here, for example, are two authorities to bear out our words. We quole, not from the newspaper Press, where some hot-headed journalist might express himself, as lias possibly been the case in a good deal adverse to England that has 'lately been published in France, more with the thought of creating a sensation than anything else. A cool and moderate writer of philosophic i 'frame and qualifications — that is, M. Paul Leroy-Beaulieu — is one of our authorities. The 'other is one who boars an English Chris tian name, and whose surname, to say the least of it, is not of anti-English suggestivenesB — that is, M. Francis do Presaensc. Both write in ?t\\\ei\Revue des 'Deux Mondes. M. Beaulieu tells us that the time for the partition of Africa,- if not also of a part of Asia, has arrived. Those,' he says in effect, who should hold back from it would be too late in ten or twenty years ; what they had hesitated to take others would have seized on. ' This policy of gradual extension,' he adds, 'would havo led only to the monopoly of the greatest part of the world by the most active and the most ambitious Powers.' Hence, he explains, the necessity that exists for the different civilised peoples to provide themselves with more territory than they can use either now or in the immediate future. 'It is one of the necessities of the competition between the nations ; that which ? should show itself too circumspect would end by finding itself excluded.' M. de Pressenso explains that, of late years, a powerful reaction has taken place in England in favour of Imperialism. ' The idea,' he says, ' of the indivisible unity of the British Empire appears no longer a chimera. To the passionate reso lution of maintaining intact this depot of the conquests of past generations is joined a not less lively desire of still increasing this patrimony, and of leaving to the future a Greater Britain aggrandised again.' ' It would depend only on Lord Salisbury,' ho goes on to say, ' to give the signal for an aggressive policy. A word would sulliee, and this word would be received with enthusiasm. There is the danger.' M. Leroy- Beaulieu, then, enun ciates the general principle, M. de Pressenso points out how England stands afliected towards ,it. Bv the way, that remark made by ' Outis,' in his character of art critic, as to the por trait of the Irish patriot who wore tights and held his hand on his breast puts us in mind that into a ppepch made at Blois the other clay, on the centenary ol: -A ugustin Thierry, by M. Brunetiere, the French Academician, a consideration of the kind entered, Among the things which the speaker mentioned as marking the difference between the Frenchmen of the present day and those of by-gone centuries was the wearing of the garment in question — on portait des culottes. The speaker, in effect, gave to Augustin Thierry the credit of having taken this also into con sideration in depicting the French life of the past, as it had actually existed at different periods. ' If the court of Louis XIT.,' he said, ' is not now confounded with that of King Dagobert, it is due to him.' 'When ' Outis,' therefore, writes of men who wore breeches— and possibly their method of placing their hands was incidental to the wear — he should remember that, ipso facto, they differed from the men of the present age. Anything that will enable our clever friend to make honest distinctions or contrasts should be of use to him. There are numerous applicants at Denili quin for eight blocks of land, of about 160 acres each, thrown open near the North Com mon for homestead settlement, as also for land thrown open for selection on Calimo Station. — An outbreak of anthrax among cattle on Murray Flats is reported from Albury. — In the Bulli district the heat has caused great losses to bee- farmers, the combs melting and the honey smothering the bees. The Minister for Lands explains that, owing to the fact that several applications can be made by the same person for the same block of land, the demand appears greater than it ac tually is. He admits, nevertheless, that it is considerable. A rush, he says, is setting in under the homestead provisions of the Act of 1805\. He gives, in explanation, that people are beginning to see that it is to the land they must look for employment, and that men who have been vainly waiting for work about the towns at length perceive the necessity of lay ing out on a bit of land what money they have left. Better late than never seems the appro priate comment. The decision arrived at by the stipendiary magistrates of Sydney, with one exception, to grant hawkers' licenses to Asiatics of good character, appears to be in accordance with justice and sound sense. To permit the people to come to the country and then forbid them, without distinction, the means of earning a livelihood, is both inconsistei t and unjust. In various quarters, however, the magistrates con tinue resolved to do so. Mr. Chamberlain is rich in names — pet- names or nick-names, perhaps, according to the disposition of those by whom they are made use or on the particular] deserts from them of the bearer. The latest flname bestowed upon him is that which he has obtained from the Bechuana chiefs. It is Moatlhodi, or the man who sets everything to rights. The signification is not necessarily flattering. In the present instance let us hope it may ultimately prove to bo so. It is an old saying, and possibly a true one, that truth is stranger than fiction. Here is an instance in which, at any rate, it is quite as piteous. A crime was committed in London the other day, which recalls that for which Victor Hugo's famous hero, Jean Valjean, inr curred his punishment. The crime in ques tion was the theft of three pints of milk, by a man whose children were lying ill of scarlet fever, aud who had no work and no means of providing them with nourishment. He had gone out of their sick room in the morning, after a night passed in watching them, and yielded to the strong temptation that came in his way. His sentence was a month's imprison ment with hard labour. It may not be right, perhaps, to call the action of the law in ques tion. It is, however, of use to all of us to consider now and then, without the aid of a storyteller, the sufferings that the unfortunate are called upon to undergo. In an allocution recently delivered by him, the Pope alluded to the Armenian question, expressing approbation of the efforts leading statesmen were making to restrain slaughter and secure tho safety oE the innocent, His i Holiness recalled his own exertions made for a similar end, and expressed his intention of continuing them. The recent election for Trinity College, Dublin, which had been made necessary by the elevation to the peerage of the Hon. David Plunket, and in which Mr. Lecky, the historian, was returned, is described as of a verv lively character. The Kentish fire, as we anticipated, had a large share in it, helped out by horns and whistles, and all the accompaniments, instrumental and vocal, that the undergraduate, bent on surpassing himself in noise, could obtain or invent. Mr. Lecky, who, though he proved to be the successful candidate at the poll, was evidently less popular in the hall, notwithstanding the unbroken interruption, went calmly through with his speech, betray ing some warmth only in referring to the question that had been raised as to his attitude towards religion He said that a stranger would imagine that they were engaged in choosing a person to represent them on some theological council in a time of the greatest religious intolerance, instead of a member to represent them in Parliament. But, in fact, we may remark in passing, if the Evangelical party in Ireland are not greatly altered, an intolerant theological council is exactly what they would make of their Parliament. Little or nothing that Mr. Lecky said, it must be understood, could be heard, even by the reporters sitting close to him, while he was speaking. His speech in manuscript was afterwards given in. As a conclusion to the riot, Mr. Wright, the opposing candidate, was shouldered by a body of students, and carried by them in procession around the statue of King William. A peculiarity of the polling, we may add, is that it is by open voting, tho Ballot Act not being applicable to the elec tions in question. Brigadier -G-eneral French, O.B., at present serving in Bombay, and who some years ago filled a similar office in Queensland, succeeds Major- General Hutton as military commandant in New South Wales. — To check the influx into this colony of unemployed from elsewhere, it is announced that none except those now registered will be employed on the Centennial Park work, and that those so registered will be drafted off as soon as possible on public works and forest- thinning. Unemployed from other colonies are warned against coming here, Government being already overburdened. The hot weather still continues a topic of remark. At Euston on Thursday the shade temperature reached 121 deg., and at Balranald it was 120. At Sydney on Friday the register was 9S'5j, moisture in the atmosphere contribut ing to make the day most oppressive, more so even than that of the higher figures, 105*2, at tained some days before. At a meeting recently held in London of the Catholic Social Union — a society instituted by Cardinal 'Vaughan to unite the Catholic popu lation in social work among young people — Mr. Justin McCarthy made a very pronounced declaration of the attitude of the Irish National Party towards the education question. Their motto in this matter, he said in effect, would be absolutely no surrender. The Catholic claim, he said, was for justice only — that they might be placed on a level with all their neighbours, and not in front of any of them. He denied the charge that money was demanded for the support of religious education. They only asked to be helped to maintain in their own schools a standard of secular education equiva lent to that which, in other schools, received public funds. For religious education they did not ask a penny from the State. Religious and secular education must, for Catholics, go hand in hand, and nothing would ever induce them to accept any other system. Mr. McCarthy concluded by reiterating that, whatever might be their necessities or their trials, the men who acted with him would stand up for this prin ciple regardless of the interests of any Govern ment, any party, and any section. The share of net profits of the Chartered Company, which last year fell to the lot of Mr. Cecil Rhodes, amounted to £333,532 8s. 5d. Mr. Rhodes is, besides, in the annual receipt of large sums from other sources — such, for example, as the De Beers Diamond Mining Company, of which he is also a managing director. Among the cardinals created at the consis tory held on November 29 was Monsignor Francesco Satolli, Titular Archbishop of Lep anto and Delegate Apostolic in the United States of America. Cardinal Satolli was born at Marsciano, in the archdiocese of Perugia, on July 21, 1839. — At the same consistory Cardinal Perraud, Bishop of Autun, created and held in petto on January 16, 1893, was proclaimed. Cardinal Perraud is particularly distinguished as a writer — among his works being one of much interest and importance on the condition of the Irish people. Signor Crispi has made a somewhat remark able admission of the power of the Papacy — though, perhaj^s, in making it he assumed something of the tone of the fly upon the wheel — the liberty allowed to the Pope by his G-overnment is hardly a matter of freewill. ' The Vatican Curia,' he says, 'is overpower ful by reason of the liberty which we allow it. Also by reason of its organisation and a move ment in its favour which is going on in the world.' The acknowledgment' made of the inherent strength of the Church and its in creasing power is the important, point. One of the Deputies also — Canzi by name — on the same occasion — both speaking in Parliament — bore unwilling witness to the truth. 'It is my opinion,' he said, ' that the unity and in dependence of Italy will be conspired against as long as the Papacy is with us. The Papacy not being able to allow Catholicism to lose its universal character, feels that it cannot live in a State not its own lest it should receive a national character ; temporal power is neces sary to it. This power may be great or small, but it must exist. If the struggle between ?Italy and the Papacy were to cease, the latter would be Italianised, and then, by a natural k feeling of pride, many people would be with . held from giving allegiance to a power thus ^ localised'.'' Leaving out * the - consideration of what would happen were the Papacy to become Italianised, as an unprofitable dealing with the impossible, it would be difficult to find a clearer admission that the claims to the temporal power are inalienable. The testimony of an enemy, as we see once more, is often very much to the point. The death of Count Taaffe, which occurred at his country seat near Vienna on November 29, recalls the evil days in Ireland, when penal laws and religious persecution at home obliged many, who, in their own persons, or those of their descendants, gave illustrious servants, statesmen or soldiers, or both combined, to foreign countries, to fly from their beloved fatherland and seek a refuge among straugers abroad. There o,re few of the greater contin ental countries in which names of Irish origin have not, in this manner, gained renown. We find it mentioned in a biographical notice of the late M. Alexandre Dumas that he did not attempt to bend the minds of his children to his own religious opinions. The disposition implied seems a strange one. Surety, if a man believes that his own opinions are the best, he will try to have them shared with him by his children If he does not believe that they are the best, he seems hardly justified in remaining content with them. It is added that one of M. Dumas' daughters, Mme. d' Hauterive, married into a Catholic family, being baptised previous to her marriage. M. Drumont, of an ti- Jewish renown, answers for M. Dumas' fair dealing with Catholicism and the Catholic priest. Report.* have been current as l;o the doclining health of the Pope. Apart, however, from Mis Holiness' advanced ago, there do not seem to be any particular grounds for them. Catholic correspondents, writing from Home under recent dates, pronounce his condition satis factory. The Bishop of Limerick, moreover, on his return to his diocese from the Eternal City, a few weeks ago, described His Holiness as follows : — ' He is, as you know, a very worn, emaciated, old man. You hardly ever saw a thinner man ; you might almost; blow through him. I would say you might; ulmoM; see through him, but the man that could do that has not been born yet. But, feeble and worn as he is, when he comes to speak his face is jit up, and his deep voice, tremulous with nervous energy, is poured forth. Then you see that there is yet, thank G-od, plenty of life and plenty of work for the days yet to come in Leo XIII.11 The Marquis of Eipon has caused some surprise, or given some offence, by refusing, in his capacity as Mayor of Hipon, to attend a Protestant Teligious service. Something inoie latitudinarian had been ignorantly expected of him. The Committee of the Foreign Eolations of the United States House of Representatives proposes to employ Satan to rebuke sin, as the old saying has it. The proposal is that, among American interests to be represented by Russia in Armenia, should be the claims for the losses sustained by American missionaries. The attitude of Russia towards all religions except that of the Orthodox Church is notorious. A pathetic arrival is reported from Paris : It is that of eleven children, ranging from two to six years of at?e, who had been brought over from England for treatment at the Pasteur Institute. They had all been bitten by the same dog on their way home from school at; Nunbury. The prevention of the terrible effects in this case, if it were accomplished, would of itself alone sullice to crown the deceased Professor's work. Mr. John Morloy, speaking at Newcastle on Monday night, December 2, pledged himself to the abiding character of the Home 'Rule question. Whatever might be the change of opinion in Great Britain respecting it, he said, there was, and would be, no change in Ireland. A settlement must be made of it. Mr. Q-erald Balfour, Chief Secretary for Ireland, speaking at a Scotch gathering at Bray on the evening of St. Andrew's Day, ex pressed himself somewhat timorously.) The reporters, ho said, were there to throw a wet blanket on patriotic demonstrations. ' Al though he should be prepared to blow the Na tional trumpet it somewhat froxe the genial soul to think that the words which were uttered to-night by lamplight and over the flowing bowl would, be criticised to-morrow in the grave and silver light of morning.' Why, wo should have thought that if Scotch whisky hud been invented for anything it was to screw the soul of tho Scotch patriot up to the - pitch of truthful expression — and why should truth fear tho light of day ? A timorous spirit like that of Mr. Balfour must tend to throw doubt on the harmonies of Auld Lang Syne. Mr. Timothy Healy, in a speech made by him in Dublin on November 27, gave rather a telling answer to a smart remark made a little before by Lord Salisbury : — ' Lord Salisbury told us,' he said, ' that if Strongbow's ghost were to return to Ireland he would say, ' What ! are those Irishmen quarrelling still ?' Now, 1 don't think Strongbow's ghost would say so at all. I think if he were to visit Lord Salisbury in the watches of the night, 'What !' he would say, ' after all these 700 years have, not you beaten these Irishmen yet ?» (Loud* cheers.) Though you had Henry and . Eliza beth and James and Cromwell, who sometimes worked in these years a little overtime — (laugh-» ter) — and William, and have you got no fur ther in this business of conquering. Ireland*?' -'- Mr, Healy added a word or two more which were also very much to the point, as, for example: — 'And I tell Lord Salisbury that though we do differ a little amongst ourselves, we are all united against the foreigner (loud cheers), and that what our differences are about are not the question of place or power or salary, but as to the best means of obtain ing the freedom of our native land. (Hear, hear.) 'Well, we are fond of fighting. There is one thing we don't do with our fighting men — we would not leave the men if: we had the power and were a nation who took part in a Balaclava charge to die in the gutters or in the poorhouses. (Hear, hear.) And I tell Lord Salisbury this country, divided though it may be upon questions of detail, is united in essence and in principle. What the people want is but a rallying centre (hear, hear), and they will find it again as they found ifc before, and if we do not find it in our time we shall bring up our children to hand down the tradi tions of the fighting men of old. (Loud cheers.) The Telegraph takes up the cudgels against the Catholic hierarchy in their pastoral letter. Our contemporary assumes a tone of erudite superiority, and assures his readers that if, indeed, as the prelates claim, the spirit of the age be opposed to the supernatural order, and the sentiment of reverence bo derided as a weakness, the reason is that reason has gained the ascendant, and everything — religious supernatural ism included — is submitted by a more enlightened generation to its judgment. This, however, is to beg the question. T.t is unreason itself, we say, that sits in judgment upon the supernatural ; and from what it knows, or fancies it knows, concerning facts, presumes to claim, in effect, t.:at the infinite may be comprehended by the finite. Reason, too, if for the sake of argument we admit that this is reason, is opposed to reason. .Reason, ill the hands of a .Newman or a Pasteur, we contend, is as thoroughly and ably wielded as it is in the hands of a Renan or a Huxley. Men, indeed, of candid minds, who impartially examine what the province of reason, even in its highest expression, science, is in the matter, admit it to be very limited. We may quote, for example, M. Ferdinand Brunetiere, to whose article in a recent issue of the Tlemie des Deux Mondes we would refer our learned contemporary. But as to those tens of thousands of men and women in civilised countries to whom our contemporary points as, although under the guidance of reason, preserving a spirit of reverence, can. it be easily determined how much of their disposi tion is due to the circumstances of their birth or their earlier associations or surroundings ? What, too, are tens of thousands among tens of millions! Gros-Jean, in a word, may figure as a very clever fellow, but when he takes it upon himself to correct his cure, his presump tion may possibly land him in difficulties, and expose his shallowness. Intellectual blindness, according to our con temporary the Herald, is rather a common affliction. Our contemporary, speaking of M. Zola, says : ' He must be blind who does not sec that he is a fierce and determined moralisr,who chooses his own methods of deal ing with realities.' But there, for example, is Mr. Max (3' Hell, who, in defending his country men for their high appreciation of the writer in question, says nothing of his morality — as under the circumstances, if he perceived it, might bo expected of him. He values Zola merely for his charm of style. This alone, he says, it; is that recommends him to his French readers. As for his English readers, says Max O'Rell, they read him for his coarseness ; not one out of a thousand of them being able to appreciate his stylo. Max O'Jiell evidently does not perceive that these English readers may plead in their excuse that they read the writer in question for his morality of any kind. French readers of M. Zola, he says, are dis gusted at his coarseness, for which, neverthe less, his style makes up to them. Mr. Max O'Rell, then, suffers from intellectual blind ness, and doubtless many with him. The writer in the Herald, meantime, is to be congratulated, not only on being, as we may presume, the one among a thousand English readers who, not withstanding his disgust at M. Zola's coarse ness, can appreciate M. Zola's style, but, in addition, on owning a keenness of intellectual eyesight that may be taken as quite unique. The eye that can pierce through gross im morality to where a ' fierce, determined ' morality lies, must be keen indeed. ' Wife : * What does this paper mean when it says, ' The reasons which induced the com pany to take this step are obvious ' V Hus band : * It means that the reporter couldn't find out.' ' A rev. minister, speaking on Sunday night in Sydney — that is the Rev. T. Ferguson, at St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church — took for his subject a religious view generally of the Boers. It must be admitted that the rev. lecturer dealt very candidly with his subject — nothing extenuating, if he set down nothing in malice. The Boers, he said, were an intensely religious people, revering and almost worshipping the J3ible, reading no other book, and giving to their children no other book-education. Their inspiration so obtained was that the native races were Canaanites, and consequently they had always cruelly treated them. They justi fied slavery by the example of the Patriarch ; their god was the god of battles. According to the Boer the Zulu had no soul, and was to be subjected to service, driven out, or obliter ated, in the name of the Lord. 'But,' con cluded the rev. lecturer, ' they did not use the Bible in the spirit of Jesus, otherwise we should see them take up another attitude to wards all people whom God had made of one blood.' By what authority, nevertheless, does the rev. lecturer judge these people ? They have their Bible as he has his Bible. They have their right of private interpretation as he has his. How dare he assume to direct its exercise ? The fallibility may be with him and not with them. Who, indeed, is to judge be tween them ? Or if the 'unaided Word ' has failed among the Boers why should it not also fail elsewhere? The rev. lecturer, in short, has not only been very candid in speaking about the Boers and their religion ; he has been very candid as well in exposing the worth of the Protestant doctrine as to the rule of faith. ' Teacher (to scholar) : ' What are you laughing at. Not at me?' Scholar : ' Oh, no, sir.' Teacher : ' Then what else is therein the room to laugh at.' ' But we may add, for our own part, there is a lesson concerning the past also to be derived from the religious character of the Boers. In them, for example, we see more especially the spiritual descendants of the Ghieux, with whom Philip IL and Alva dealt so severely in a by gone age, and whose memory is commonly re called as that of Protestant martyrs. The necessity under which King Philip found himself and the nature of the martyrdom, thus interpreted, seem very plain. Our learned contemporary, the Telegraph, has also a word or two of correction — albeit more modestly — to administer to the Arch bishops and Bishops with respect to their ad monition regarding the prevailing desire for wealth. He questions whether this is stronger now in human hearts than It ever was before, or stronger among the least Christian sections of civilised communities than among the most uncivilised. We may admit our learned con temporary's modesty in leaving the matter doubtful. His conclusion i&, meantime, that there is no reason to infer that the extremes of wealth and poverty now existing are, to quote his words, ' due to a greater greed for wealth, which should be stronger, according to the logic of the Pastoral Letter, among the miserable, irreligious many than the wellpro vided cathedral-going few.' Our learned con temporary also leaves this point doubtful, and, in fact, a failure to attain wealth by no means proves that a greed for it does not exist in those who fail. As to the ' well- provided cathedral going few,' all the millionaires hardly deserve such a description. On the contrary, those among them who do so seem to be in a minority, and oi them, too, m at least one or two not able instances — good luck and an adventurous spirit — not an inordinate desire for wealth, it was that made millionaires. One or two among the millionaires also might be named who are notably not cathedral-going. On the whole, then, our learned contem porary seems to have exercised discretion in his more modest paragraphs, and wisely to have left the matter doubtful. Another boy has been killed by a shark. The occurrence took place at Johnstone's Bay, Pyrmont, on Saturday atternoon, the victim, a boy in his twelfth year, named William lieddie, being shockingly mutilated. A man named Alfred Johnson made a brave but ineffectual attempt to rescue him. The police complain that it is impossible to keep the boys from bathing in this dangerous manner. They will listen to no warning. The keenness of eye-sight possessed by our contemporary the Herald does not extend to everything. Our contemporary, for example, ranks among poisoners, to quote his words, ' the Borgia in the chair of St. Peter.' Our contemporary should perceive that the charge in question has not been able to stand the test ?of examination, but has been fully exposed as a historic calumny — the Abbe Moigno, for ?example, can show him this. Our anticipations that the heat record had reached its maximum on Monday, the 6th inst., were not realised. On Monday last the ther mometer at Sydney stood three degrees higher — that is, at 108'5. The effects were severely felt, several deaths resulting from them. Prom the country parts also over which the heat wave passed many deaths were reported, especially those of children. Mr. P. J. O'Kegan, M.H.R. for Inangahua, N.Z., who is on his first visit to the Australian colonies, arrived in Sydney on Monday by the x.z.Waihora. Mr. O'lleganhas been interviewed by a representative of the Telegraph, on whom he seems to have made a very favourable im pression. 