The History of the Banda noola Horse. [ fly 0-\\*E 01' TlIESI.] For years and years some fortunate countries have no histories and then, as if some spell had been broken, changes and events coino tumbling over each other's heels. It was just like this with Port Strong. That great epoch -maker, the ocean steamer Taukpot, had scarcely left us a twelve month before the district was again -stirred to its depths. Everybody must remember how the great ocean steamer came to place Smeeley^ store in direct communication with London, -and how the directness of that line was broken by the machinations of the miserable Port Frowsy folk, who, for a few bales of sheepskins and old bones, backed by shameless exaggeration, lured the great s.^. Taakpot into what they were pleased to call tiieir port. How completely all the sweets of their shameless triumph were turned to gall when our own great sea captain, Harbormaster Chester, who had never been to sea for a day « in his life, navigated the Tankpot into Porb Frowsy, crushing with scornful contempt all their own harbormaster's offers of pilotage. All this was still discussed at the Kose and Crown Hotel. It was a busy day in Port Strong. Business was humming, there were at least five men in from different parts of the district. There was old Traggs in from his place at Wombab Hollow with a cart saddle that needed lining. Schliegel, from Limestone Fiat, arrived with a collection of old shears, which it outraged his thrifty soul to think should be wasted. I was .in town to have it out with the blacksmith about a bad plousrhshare he had palmed on to me ; and Trevor, the young surveyor, late P. & O. -officer, well, he was in town because he had seen me ride past his camp. We wero great friends, Trevor and I, and both lov?d Ethel Chester, aud to save me the pain of a hopeless suit the good fellow followed me and monopolised Ethel's society that my poor wings might not be seared at that beauteous flame. All our several businesses had been com pleted early, and now, at 11 a.m., we had fore gathered on the Port Strong Rialto— the verandah of Smeeley & Company, general storekeepers, and general everything for everything and everybody. ttineeley was comprehensive. To-day, however, he excluded second-hand shears, and to that thrifty soul's diagust, for Schlieatel's unique collection refused even a pair of colored 'moics.' The conver sation then naturally drifted to the topic of the hour, the disturbed state of European politics. Amid some little excitement Trevor read out the latest of the 'scare.' All the world must remember it, but it may be ae well just to remind them it was the trouble that arose out of the refusal of the Prince of Monaco to pay for his washing. The political atmosphere was thundery. 'Aud there's no mistake we want protection here,' said Smeeley with a decisive and im pressive pat on the old packing-case of clothes pegs he was seated on. ' Protection '. Thought you was all for free trade,' said Traggs. 'No, not that protection, defence is what I mean. Just look here now ; suppose all these French and Russian and Yankee' and German coves take to the old country, how are we going to keep the wretches from lootin' and ransomin' here? That's what I want to know. Why, they'd just come in here aud make a cleau sweep of the lot.' Smeeley waved his hand to wards thcstoreandoureye3all rested on the row of fly-spotted tin 'billies,' hopple straps, and a couple of garish-hued rugs that waved m the breeze at the door, such tempting booty to a privateer. .. 'Schliegel '11 be in a tight place,' said Trevor. If the Germans come here and catch him fighting they'll hang him, and if he don t £ght we'll hang him.' ??»,?? ' Vight? Til vight ride enough. Mino and and minevarra is my gundry dey owes me a hundred and fitty pounz.' *» 'Them's the boys to give them pertikler goss,' and' young Haldon clutched a picture almanac that swung in the wind, on which were stencilled a line of charging soldiers in such perfect order that it was hai-d to believe they were not all spitted on a long skewer. ?^Them's the eovea ; they'd knock nice* kinds ofSpots out.of any chaps that dared to land here.* It will thus be evident that alL were ttorougbjy autpressed with the belief that at tbafirwr^. iaoment,the. wo* councils of Europe lKflEeisHting.'late witk wet towels round their headjs.wreBDling with that complex problem to b$ knp.w.n later in military history as the ?'Beductijjn of Port Strong.' \- 'I- reckon,, if. we, -was to get all the coves round here to forni.theiraelves up into. a tegi ttenfc, they 'wouldn't dare leave their ships to tpuch'ua;' 'of this young Charley Haldon was quite confident 'Theyft get. Johnny ug $he orchard if they did. Beckon if I'd a good horse under me I'd kike tea with them chaps any time.' ''' ' ' 'If Td a good torse under me, ventured Trevor,, 'I wouldn't mind their landing. How far is it to the Mount Slump ridge?, and which would you cattthe best bit of scrub to plant in till the coast wasclear, Haldon?' And it was from tbissraali beginning that grew the Port Strong troop of the Bandar noola Horse. Port Frowsy in its miserable fashion followed suit, and; as usual, claimed the credit of initiating the movement. I should like to tell of the public meeting, at ?which the great sea captain presided, 'To consider the defence of Port Strong and the formation of a mounted force.' He assured the war scared inhabitants that no foe should walk up that jetty excepting over his shattered and derelict hulk. He'd load the piece of seventeenth century ordnance opposite his house (it was 2 ft. 6 long and usually trans ported on a wheelbarrow) — 'load her right up to the muzzle and rake the jetty, even if it swept away the lighthouse at the end' — but here he was safe, his cannon would not have carried half way — ' and the cavalry should make prisoners of the survivors.' ' Shiver his timbers, but he'd join and 'list with them him self, but they knew a horse was a strange craft for a true seaman to board and handle, keel haul him if it weren't.' Naturally public meeting.? brought down the member for the district, old Joe Magnitude, ?who, after carefully feeling the district pulse and finding that sentiment was unanimous, roared strongly in its favor. 'The splendid patriotism of his electorate should not be burked or the Government should fall.' Then, bitterly regretting that he had pledged himself to support the Ministry all through the session for the miserable conside ration of a little culvert over Dog's Hindieg Greek, he boarded the Government the follow ing week with the electorates' petition for arms, uniform, and an instructor. Boarded them in the smoke, as it were, for old Joe Magnitude entered the Ministers office just as Mr. Tony Plivcem, at the head of a deputation, was in dulging in his favorite pastime of 'Giving 'em H — 11' _ (the Ministry were the recipients), requesting the removal of Sergeant Macscrag gan from the charge of the city markets and public-houses. ' Maescraggan was a tyrant, no market gardener was safe, and he summoned publicans for breaking the law ever so little, the man was a martinet and a despot,' ended Placenj, amid a hum of approval. The Minister made tho 'rubber stamp' reply ' The request would receive the earnest con sideration of the Government,' and so it followed naturally that. Sergeant Macscraggan appeared at Port Strong to enrol the corps of mounted volunteers. The enthusiasm was immense and 'Captain' Macscraggan was inaugurated in his command with the usual banquet. He was a tall, spare, eandy grey, hard-bitten old warrior, with a fttern sourish expression acquired during ten years' service as drill sergeant and .occasional riding-master with the 107th Royal Irish; Bragooiis — a regiment: so' noted for its ability to make good soldiers out of the wildest and rowdiest material that recruits were drafted to it accord ingly. We soon, felt Tiow. much of. this- fame must have- been dne to 3Jacscr*ggan. He sat through that tedious, complimentary func iion and' listened to all the speeches, mostly wild and blood thirsty^ without a. 'change. of expression,' and when, in a very flowery effort, that king of oratory — our member— proposed his health he replied in a curt and unemotional fashion; CouldJie have spoken bis thought* be would probably have ?d—- — d tbe blathering with much feryor and' a w.ealth of natural eloquence. ' ?' ? * ? 'We'll have ajblry Wine getting the corps in order, captain,' called young HaMoa across table. ' Won't we* old man?' 'Oi think so ; vurra jawIyOi'm thinkin',' and there was just the gleam of white in his eye like a mule's before aiming a. kick. When the uniforms came was the time for a second burst of enthusiasm, and it was, truth to tell, somewhat needed, for the preliminary drills under the '-Captain'- were no child's jjlay. This, however, is slightly anticipating. With such imminent danger to the Band'a noo'.a- district, and Port Strong, its metro polis, of course everybody turned up to be enrolled. Squatters and their sons, farmers and boundary riders, iu fact every soul that owned a horse. Even Tommy, tie Chinese cook at the Rosa and Crown, came gallantly forward and waxed indignant when told that Chinese were not eligible. ' ' My no Chinaman now ! Long time ago my b'Jong Chinaman; my Inglisseman now ? ' My sot welly goode boss,' he plfiaded, and presently appeared tugging up an obese old creamy mare that battened on cabbage and potatoes, and other surplus dainties from the table of the Rose and Crown. But this was too much for Charley Haldon. ' Clear out, you ! What the devil next, you and your yellow mare. Go and boil cab bitshe,' he shouted, with so much -fierceness that, fearinpr personal damage, Tommy re treated to the full length of the fat mare's bridle and left, tugging her back after him. 'That smart cove Trevor put him up to that to make a fool of the thing, :; concluded Haldon, perhaps correctly. . I have said bow eager we all were to don the exceedingly smait, stylish semi-brigand Uniform when it arrived, but on this. detail | 'Captain' Macscraggau had a word to say at the next drilL 'Before there is ere a button of that uni form issued, before ere a wan of the Ban danoola Horse is uniformed, he'll have to look like a soldier widout them, an' properly set up as a soldier should be. Look the Dragoon, that is the mounted man — Y' understand me now? ShouldersbackNumber-rFaowur? Heels together Nuniberl7 ! Hould yerselves like men and not like straggling drunks crawling before the beak in the morning! Chins up and chests out ! Stiffen up, men ; ye're like so much wet rags on a clothes line, Number-r Favour (wild horses will not drag from me who was No. 4), Number Favour, shift that lump from be tween your showlders, and ye'd look like a man and not like a sick dhrumedary; this is no camel corps. Steady now, every man of you ! Now, when I give the order ' Stand at ase' ye'll — Number seven, wud ye like a peg stuck in the warl to hang yerself from,:) &c;, &c.; Such were the earnest ministrations of Cap tain Macscraggan. Too earnest for some of us, who would have left Port Strong to its de struction at the hands of an enemy but for shame and for the sergeant's taunt that he really did not think there were more than half a dozen in tbe whole roll who'd- make soldiers. 'Sowldiers; be me conscience ; forty shtraw Guy Foxes 'ud look better.' But we persevered, and so did the sergeant with all that winning suaveness of manner which his ten years moulding rowdy Irish recruits had given him. How we sweated, and drilled, And marched, and- extensive .motioned, and' sword exercised,' and rifle drilled, and yet only one or two, and on tbe uiost transparent excuses, resigned. At last we had finished, our foot drill, 'f ufc' drill the Macscraggan called it, and. asked for pur uniforms. ' What, before ye've done riding school? '' The mere request seemed to tickle the. sergeant. He had never Been known to laugh, but it was judged that he came near to ib that time. . It was the old reason, 'Not till we looked like mounted men without1 the clothes should the -clothes be served out to us.' Whoever hfis gone through 'riding school' under a 'stiff drill' needs no description to recall his ex perience, and, of those who have not, noteven the most gifted and imaginative can realise. :what that rugged instruction is like. To borrow from Browning's beautiful lines, 'It takes one who has been there to feel.' Through this time of bitter trial we were, how ever, encouraged by the reports of the rival troop at Port Frowsy — 'trained by a fat lump of a thing that might do ' Whipper-in to aEora Mayor's Show,' but never for a, cavalry regi ment,' so said Macscraggan, 'an' his troops 's like a botchers' picnic.' This was sweet to us. Macscraggan micrhfc be sweating and gruelling us to within an inch of our lives, but at least We should shame the Port Frowsy frauds and ba a real mounted corps and no amateur gang. At last we got our uniforms, after a most particular and detailed instruction on ' turn out.' Then there chanced that way a travelling photographer, who must have made more than a small fortune. The whole trdOp was taken, ? each section was taken, mounted and on foot and at every kind of exercise, and every man in the 'troop was taken, with and without his -horse, and with and without his' arms-, ' ahdVtlie officers were taken together- and '.separately, and in full dress and in undress, and 'li* groups with their familiea Really, for a common travelling photographer he was the quickest of operators — evidently a finished tradesman. He just placed us easily and without any of the initiatory fussing about posing, snapped us, wrote our names on the back of a pJate, took our money in advance, and when the whole tvoop, or every man of them, began to make his life a burden to him, bothering him to show them a proof — well, he just steppedon board the Sarsaparilla ketch overnight, and was seen of Port Strong no more. ? ' Now you all know what is meant' by a 'travelling photographer,'' said Trevor. Shaving and military pointed mustaches had come into fashion of course, and there is little doubt had that swindling photographer not victimised us and a picture of the local corps appeared in the illustrated papers tbe war councils of the Powers would have given up as madness any attempt to 'reduce Port Strong.' It need scarcely be said that we wore uniform on every occasion, and even when there was no occasion. If I called for Trevor at his camp to corco into tbe township with me he alwayirwondered whether he ' ought to come in plain clothes or uniform' to order the survey camp's sugar and beef. We reached the highest pinnacle of our military glory when we were brigaded with the Port Frowsy troop for tbe general's in spection. All except the bedridden from both ports came to see the inspection in a paddock about mid-way between the town ships. We marched, trotted, and wheeled past. We charged, and went through all the usual squadron movements in a manner that Macsccaggan managed to let.us know between each manoeuvre, 'was enough to make a- man think we had been born that day and never seen a horse or a drill before — enough 'to make a man shoot his aged mother with ' dishgust.' ;' ' ' Hould yerselves ! Heads . up ! Ye're not.lookin'' for poisoned rabbits, ye miseries,' he hissed at us in the true in structor's sotto voce, so that only/ those ad dressed should hear. ' 'But: ye're better than that mob of shtragglers from Frowsy, any-, way.' . . ' ? The general at the end of the day said many (complimentary things of our troop, while Macscraggan looked anything but pleased; in [fact, I never saw him look more awfully grim than' under the general's compliments. His jaws sot harder than ever, and Tie glanced aV us as much as to say, ' When the general has finished giving you this kind of soft pap P1L take you in hand.' Then the general told: 'Macscraggan how pleased he was with the ?inspection. ?' The credit of ic is due to their i instructor; I. can see you have worked hard with them.' Macscraggan made his usual salute in acknowledgement, and we marched, home. „ i How far the military strength of Port Strong had affected the European Powers it is,, of course, impossible to say, but it i3 certain that just about the time the next mail arrived in England the political horizon suddenly nlearod, and who is there so bold as to say that the Bandanbola Horse had not helped to bring this about. The dispersion of the war clouds did not of course mean the disbandment of the. iBandanoola Horse ; far from it, but stiil there .was a perceptible cooling of our warlike ardor ;and a proportionate fall in the war strength of |the Port Strong Troop. Unfortunately,, it happened just then.that.one of the officers left the district, and at least 30 per cent, of the tank and tile saw at once that if any other than himself were promoted it would mean the inevitable ruin of the corps. I will admit that though many were more clamorous for the vacancy than I, I seriously thought of re signing when Smesley, wLo rode like one of his own flour-bags, got the commission. There were nasty things said about old- Joe Magnitude, our member, and his account at Smeeley's store— mere ill- temper, of course, although it was quite true they had business transactions with one another. Uniforms, too, seemed to lose some of their lustre and, disappointingly soon, ceased to have that taggering effect on the ladies of the neighbor hood . Drills were less frequent and the captain instructor to make profitable use of his spare time, rented a small farm about six or seven miles from the port where, he took up his abode. On drill days, however, he was the same Macscraggan as ever, blazed out at us about the shameful condition of our arms and accoutrements and gave us the stiffest of drills. There was a uniformity about the man, a lack of light and shade in his composition which failed to gain him even the least popularity, and being a stern and reserved old fellow nobody acquired anything approaching to inti macy with him. ' I'm gettin? a bit full of this soldierin' busi ness,' grumbled young Haldon one day after a drill, 'nothing but dry graft and hard cussinsr from Macscraggan, I'll chuck it,' but he didn't, unfortunately, like many others, who preferred amusing themselves to drill ; he merely absented himself from drill, till after a short eighteen months it seemed as if the Port Strong troop of Bandanoola Horse was dying a lingering death. Frowsy's troop had died and their fat drill sergeant had been re called to headquarters and retrenched long ago. When, for month atter month, only half turned up to drill, and then these gradually dwindled till only a poor seven or eight turned up to the musters, it looked like the beginning of the end; The 'Staff* «rote hard things to Maescraggan, threatening d'sbandment and the loss of his billet if tho attendance did not improve, and when, after these sominunicatibns arrived, the seven or eight anforiunates came to. drill, the old sergeant visited on them (it is always ? ? ? ^T~~'~~ ll — ?«?» stoK.-ail the' wrath'rSe*'Mt'~iwSlistr*'tte absentees.:;;^ - ? ' i-''-'?;-.'J ?'??.' :~y~ ,;r,-.,; . i ? '? .''.?tSniafc particularJy annoyedihint:was thatfot a ball at the institute ma aH taried up in uniform as bravely as possible;,, and -in nearly full numbers. .' .Whoa tia Ministry came down, ? toJight the new kerosina ^burner in the little light j tower at tfee end of the jefitSj % great ' - oqcasioBj, and .tii&«9aldVlseaV, captain1 Vnjade a'spTendia- speech a^ufrcatelopjaricity lights -??.: jmd niany other tning# which Tre^Ss^wSd was : ftfi&e;, Bai⁢ was a,i£eat Jt^he^ -w&y;/*he whole troop turned but to escort 1i3ffi; Ministry ;jEbr Hib Inst £?& miles of the rtip&: Slyery inan Jarik' of jtheniipa, turned :oufc; for -George jTyler's wedding, and we: formed1' a mbumful Nescorfc at poor Jemmy Shacklofaon'e funeral, who: was killed under his own dray, and yet; in spite -rf the general's wiggings, the skulks would not attend their drills., : For Captain Macscraggan to ask a man to attend would have outraged; the discipline that was 90 per cent of the old.fellbw's nature, so ho only remained proudly and disdainfully apart, and we neglected him. The end of the corps wo knew was only a matter of weeks. General (dealer) Smeeley had been told so ia town quite lately, by one of the 'Staff,' and altogether we were not very Borry the thing had grown stale and become a re criminatory nuisance, besides old Macscraggan was such a biting old Tartar. - - We felt a little guilty, when a' few weeks later we learned that our 'instructor was seriously ill. One or two of the troop went out to enquire after him and came back with doleful news and a 'bee in their bonnets,' set there by the old warrior's spouse. His wife, it was said, was just such another ??' old severity' as the Sabreur, only more &o;« and, it was rumored, ruled him as strictly at home as he did the troop on parade. ' My word, she dropped it on to us,' reported one of the enquirers. 'Took to me as if I'd made tho old mau ill. Said her old man was clean knocked out because the whole troop had gone back on him, and the general- had blamed htm because we were a set of skulks.' Under these circumstances it may be imagined thab enquiries were not frequent. The female Mac scraggan appeared in the township once or twice in their old spring-cart to get a trifle or two from the store, which she took care to explain to Smeeley she could not get at Port Frowsy, for the old lady had 'boycotted' Port Strong, and even called in the Porb ?Frowsy doctor. Though considerably shocked we were not altogether unprepared when Traggs rode into the township oae morning with the. sad news that poor old Macscraggan bad died the evening before and would be buried the next day at half-past 10, all the funeral arrange ments being made with Port Frowsy people: A fiery north wind carrying clouds of dusb swept right into our faces .is those of us whar lived at or near the township, defiled from, it under the temporary command of Lieutenant Smeeley. Captain. Miller and all others we were to pick up on the road. He had few friends or acquaintances outside the troop, so there were only one or two others with us on. tho same melancholy mission. Captain Chester was one, of course, and_ so was the mounted trooper and a district council clerk, and that completed the. partya but as nearly every other male iu the neighborhood belonged to the troop there were not many left. The 'morale' of the troop was low, not perhaps inappropriate to the occasion, and, with the exception of the faithful few who had attended drill regularly; the troop was uniformly remorseful, for had not our disgusting laziness and neglect embittered the last few months of the old warrior's hard life. Thefaithful were scattered here and there among the others who joined as we went along, and rode in twos and threes at dusb distance from each other. ?? For my part I don't mind allowin' that we treated old Macscraggan bad,' said young Haldon with outspoken penitence. 'He was a man an' no bloomin' mistake; none of your oringin' and crawlin' about him. A grand old sort, by gosh, he waB. Spoke his mind out, too.' 'Yes, a good officer and a Blashing fine drill,' endorsed Trevor. ' My word he was.' I reminded them how he had taken us in hand aud in less than four months, when the general inspected us, he said we were nearly tit to work with regulars. ? 'And how the old chap would rub it into us,' ,aid Sraoeloy, 'fine command of language. sRub it into all alike. Them young Talbv* thought themselves bits ot toifs, but they got it just as hot as anybody else, hotter if any thing.' ' Well, all I can say is,' began young Hal don again after a long reflective paune as we jogged along in that scorching wind and dust, 'all I cau say is I wish I had it to do all over again. I'd never miss a single drill, I wouldn't, Bepmcnever,' And so, as we rode alone: and were joined by' the others till we were within one or two of our full strength, we canonised the hard old drill master. And more, we decided as we drew near his little homestead that, out of genuine ro epect for the old fellow's memory we would all rnetst imd drill regularly, 'as regularly as ?when we began.' It would be a kind of living monument to the old officer that should endure iu the country for ever, and we would add to our strength and, better still, besides the oiiicird title, we should be known to the world as tli;; ' ftlacscriis-gau's Own.' It was won derful how this proposal took, and what further developments might have resulted from the idea it is hard to say, but just here we came to tho gate of tho late JVlacscragRan's grass paddock, an enclosure of two or three hundred acres, at the further side of which stood liifl house. We 'formed' before enter ing aud rode up in proper troop order. Evidently we had been expected, for there was a lad at the gate who closed it carefully after us. Nothing struck us as so significant of the reserve and loneliness of the old man as the fact that we appeared to be the only ones who bad come to pay him our last respects, and yet scarcely our last, for should we not always maintain the troop in splendid form as a 'memorial of hiswork. Across tlie open paddock we rorie in 'file' and within a few yards of the tiny garden kept so neatly by the sergeant and liia wife Captain Miller halted us, marched tho front rank across the path and faced it about-., and there we were, drawn up ns an avenue of sorrowing comrades till the mourn ful procession should pass between us. Till then there was nothing for it but to wait in the blazing heat, which, of all kinds of wait ing, is perhaps the i most tryipg. For how long who could say, for the affair was iu 1'ort -Frowsy hands, and as usual they were lata. Now and again we cast a look at tho little cottage, which told ub nothing, though once I noticed the curtain held aside for a good five minutes. The bereaved widow, I supposed, looking for the funeral vehicle from Port Frowsy. But we were grilling there bo long that at last Captain Miller passed up between the lints of troopers to the house to make enquiries. We were in extended order, each horseman about six paces from bis next number, and the captain had got -within two or threo of the end of tho line, when, with a sudden jerk and clatter of stirrup and scabbard, he pulled his charter almost on to his hocks. Everyman immediately craned : forward, and thoir gaze passed from Captain Miller to what had evidently transfixed .him and ri vetted him to the spot. There, silhouetted against a clump of .dark titree Chat flanked the .cottage* on one side, was a mounted figure, inotion Jiesa as the house itself, and facing down between the lines. The ends of the line furthest away drew in towards one aiiotliurj forming a long narrow ' V.' gazing with outstretched necks and leaning forward .over their horses' ears for a better view. Some thing of the electric tensity of our feelings was oouimunicafced to our horses, Smeeley's grey gave a snort, and every horse's ears pointed to the motionless mounted figure hefore that dark titree clump. 'By heavens, it's him,' whispered young Haldou with awe, and Corporal Mike Flary crossed himself. And who could mistake him ? From where I was I could distinctly see his sandy red mustache standing out fiercer than ever, his eyes glaring at us as they always did when the line wobbled. We were mesmerised, and scarce dared look at one another. The grand old dragoon never looked more splendid. The horses were magnetised ; they recognised a ghost horse. A sudden gust of hot whirlwind caught the back of Mike Flary's hat as he leant forward. Snatching to seize it as it blew past his horse's ears he missed the hat and ?struck his horse on the eye ; the horse bobbed his head and wheeled suddenly. It was enough. Every man and horse seemed to leave the ground as one ; with oue lift of all four feet the wholo troop was a rushing, scurrying, panic-stricken stampeding mob stretching across that grass flat to the gate, every rider pulling double and every rider pulling half. 'He's coming,' called Haldon with a frightened squeal heard above even the thun dering of two hundred hoofs. A backward glance showed the drill instructor's tshade with fine ghostly action following as if on air. To the gate, a bare Bix hundred yards, we raced in better than Newmarket .Handicap time. I was well in the centre of the route, and we crowded hard on the leaders to get through and on to the road and away. Fools, as if the gate would stop that deathly figure haunting us thus early for our misdeeds. ' Locked !' cried Mike Flary in the lead, despairingly, and we wheeled to tho right and streamed along the fence. It was this sudden turn that was too much for Lieutenant Smeeley — he rolled oft like one of his own bags of flour, and scrambled through the fenw, leaving his horse behind him. Away along the fence we pounded, where, we knew not, with the ghostly horseman sweeping lightly along behind us. Away to the lower corner, but here was wire again, and not a man in the troop of Baudanoola Horse would have dis mounted to strap it down for all Kaj gooriie. ' 'Tis only a low post-and-rail at the back,' called Mike, still in the lead. 'Out that way !' and we turned once again and thundered along the fence streaming out like a flosk of sheep before a dingo. The Band.inoola Horse feared nothing of flesh and blood, but this was something quite different. Wo raced hard for the low post-aud-rai). but, as if divining our motive, the ghostly dragoon had cut oil' a corner and was riding to head us. Ciu us o1f he must, although the pace was still excellent. I was tibtwt as scared as tho rest, but 1 bad wits enough to pray that one of the leaders would break a raiL Miller, our captain, now raced for and took the lead on bis thorougtibre&bay;, but the figure was heading him. ' Av ye break a panel of that finee, ye— ye flyin' scuttlin' mob of candors, Oi'll have the law av ye. Faith it's dr. mil line ye look now, like a troop of well-drilled harrse.' In an instant we hud pulled up, aud stood a bunch of lathering, snorting horses aud men, turned as if by magic from panictosiioutsof laughter. ' D ? n ye !' roared the undoubted living voice of the only Macscragg-.iu. 'That's the Bnudanoola Harse, is 'it? Baud of scared, panic-shtruck sight Yin and scampers.' Ho laughed. It was the only time he had ever been known to laugh, aud the shock nearly . banished our new-found courage. ' Flyin' helther skelther, h ? 1 for leather, from what ye thought was a inan-wanEt ! Lookat yer silves ! I'd give a month|p pay for yourportraiti»raftB,a,nd I'd put a name uudefr it.tbb.- : Wan-ye'd -.be known by, I gra.iild^' and^ijie criahed sardonically, for one brief moment.'-^ 'V Ye'tniseries !' Av-.there'd been wire all round Td^uv i»pt -^e oirncuBsin' round in.loaae'file'till ye died of .flight, rfconly feared for that post-and-rail, and lii&l; if y'd^av got out I'd uv lost ye for the niceday's dhrill we're goin' to have \' It would not be easy accurately to describe tho mental condition of the l'uvt Strong Troop of Bandanoola Horse at that moment. ' Fall in !', ordered Macscraggan 'sharply. 'Dismount! Now 'hang yer harsea to the fence and gather round here.' We obeyed. .'Thought I was dead ; well ye had reason for that. Now I recollected that this was the very last day's drill of the quarter'— his half closed eyes were fixed on us 'with a gleam of cunning— 'and the returns go to headquarters Monday next, bo Oi thought Oi'd just delay the final ceremony of my obsequies, and Oi'm quite myself the day, I thank ye.' 'But, look here now, this is hardly fair,' mildly protested Captain Miller. 'Not fair?' turning severely on Miller. ' Not fair, no, it is not when ye'll go to any dog-fight in full strength ancHull uniform and — and skulk from yer dhriUs, losin' a man his billet because ye won't attend.' ' That'B right enough, Captain Macscraggan, but- — ' 'Well it's much obliged I am for the com plimentary ye've paid me tumid* out like this to pay your last respects, and I'll see we make full use of the occas on. By the powers ! the gineral will be well plased. But listen now, Captain Miller, what cud I do? I couldn't have a wedding for you widout com mitting big Amy, nor a christening ' for my youngest is 27 and troop-sergeant-major in the 19tb Diehards in Hindustan. I cud only dhraw ye out to my funeral, a little roosey do gare. Now, 'Prepare to mount 1' ' In spite of the trick that had caught us, I can say for certain that we were all honestly delighted at his resurrection, our joy perhaps a shade qualified later when, through all that terrible afternoon, Macscraggan endeavoured to make up for waBted time. If he had had handed over to him the bad hat residuum of the whole British army he could not have laid himself out to 'shape' them with greater zeal, and only those who have experienced can imagine what Macscraggan could rise to when in thorough earnest. It was a record hot day, and we never challenged the record 'Now, see here,' concludedTMacscraggau to what was left alive of the troop at the end of that day, with a touch of sardonic humor. ' 1 can't die very often to get a full muster, an' it won't do for all the world to know the | whole Pore Strong troop ran from one dead man in broad daylight us if the ould one was behind them ; now the harbormaster and that other cove that camo out kindly to plant me they'll only think you were doin' a squadron movement round the paddock and we'll let it stop at that. But, mind me now, if there's more of this wholesale skulkin' from drill ? well, Oi'll not kape Port Strong from knovvin' what that squadron movement was — now, d'ye understan me now ?'' We did. The Port Strong troop of Bandanoola Horse returned wearily and very unbravely along the road. ' How about those memorial drills, Haldon ?' askecL Trevor quietly, as we kicked our tired horses along in tho dark. 'Well, I reckon we'd bettor stick to that programme; no mistake old Macscraggan's a smart old hack.' Perhaps the reader can now understand why the Bandanoola Horse is the smartest and most regular in attendance at drills — 'an example to the whole force,' vide 'the general's report' — why throughout the dis triot there is such a feeling of security. And this also at once explains the long continued European peace spite, of war clouds and bloated armaments. 