Nyora Eases, The above races were held oh Wed nesday and were a decided, success. The weather was fine and not oppres sively hot. The attendance was good, the fields the same, and the accom modation and conveniences for the public were much appreciated, while 1 the course was in thorough going order, and plenty of betting was to he obtained from a goouly number of ; bookmakers. Towards the last the I dust raised by tire horses was rather j objectionable, but ail took it as a matter I of course. No accidents marred the j enjoyment of the day; everything passed off pleasantly. The big pony race was the subject of a good deal of discussion,- Palestine and Ruby being unable to get under, whilst Gracie, who to all appearances is a higher pony, success tally passed through the standard. Palestine with a start, was a good thing, and much dissatisfaction was expressed, especially by the Kor umburra vi diors, at her not having a j run among the ponies. Gracie, who is by The King, won all the way, | carrying 8 lbs. overweight. She has i only recently recovered from a collision j with a wire" fence, and her performance was no mean one. She has run con sistently every time she started, and always managed to get near the front. Eiieen was put out of the 12.8 Pony Race, and it was thought a good thing for Flora, although some of the know ing ones got on to The Queen, while Snapshot was also considered a likely one. The Queen, with young Adkins (about 5st.) and a disproportionate saddle up, made tracks for the judge as soon as tne word was given to go, hut either the pony, or the child, or tbe big saddle mistook the way and made a detour to the bush, much to the chagrin of those who put their money down wish a will. Another good thing went under in the Ulaiden Plate when Fon ran off. Clown was making the running with Sweet Marie, and when Hogau had got lid of him. he was much surprised to see r on flash past him before he was aware of it, but Hogan had only set to work on the Merry man mare when Fon made for the bush. Clown gave up the ghost going up the hill, but he ran fairly well, considering his rider had broken one of his stirrup leathers before the start. Never Tire came with a good run at the finish and got second place. The hurdle race was shorn of a lot of interest when the pen went through such nauies as Darriman, Confusion, Trawalla and Circassian King, and the issue ap parently lay between Dora and Swiveller II. The former cut rather a sorry picture in the race, and gave it up too soon, Laplander sticking to Swiveller. Paddy made a great attempt to get at the winner, and ere the season is over will take some beating over the sticks. The handicap was a grand race between the three best horses at present in training in our district, and the only regret was that Trawalla did not make a better show of it with them. Reporter got into first position with that long swinging' stride of his, and, with you'll Do and Irene within a length nearly all the way made a race worth looking at, and many were tiie encomiums passed on the handicappers as the three finished — Reporter in. front, You'll Do on the off' side at his shoulder, and Irene on the inside, at the leader's quarter. It was a tough race all through, and a splendid finish. Jack O'Shannessy on Casino gave an exhibition on trying to stop, a horse with a hard mouth and a lot of wind when- the Selling Race came round,, and it was suggested that the Licht- wark patent reins be used nest time. Of course he was not in it when the field got going, but otherwise Mr. Lecky's black gelding might have been shook up a bit. Old Banjo started in this race, so did Limejuice and The Cob,, but they were among the un placed. The Poowong Stakes brought eight to the post. Dishonor, Queenie, Tasma and Palestine being out for the first time that day. The Disturbance horse was much fancied, especially as his forte seems to be a short flutter, but that sterling old chestnut. You'll Do, in splendid order just now, won, Palestine making a game attempt, bat she was outclassed. Mr. C. It. Mail- gave his decisions as judge with promptness and exactness, his closest finish being tbe handicap. As starter, Mr. I'ofcjoy generally got his fields away fairly, although the 14 h.a.u. Pony Race and Selling Race starts might have been much better. Mr. E. Ferguson, made, as usual, a notice able figure as cierk of the course, with t his full colors on. Mr. J. Horsley at the scales, also performed satisfactor ily'. Mr. "W. Grieve and Mr. R. C. Scott had a thankless job measuring the ponies, b"fit done > their work un flinchingly aiid without favor. Mr. Fred. Cook, the secretary, had every thing in order, and was courteous and obliging. Mr. E. S. Watts did good business at the publican's booth, while Mr. Weiekhardt could not complain of his treatment at the refreshment booth. The following are details : — Hurdle Race, of 1 0 sovs.. second horse 2 soys. out of stake : one and a half miles. Mr. IV. Duff's Lr g Swiveller II. a, 11.4 (Mr. F. Fry) 1 Mr. A. Henry's b g Laplander. <1 yrs, 9.4 (Johnson) 2 Mr. T. Ridgwny's b g Baddy, a, 10.2 ... (McDonald) 3 Dora and Ancient also started. Betting : fi to 4 Dora and Swiveller, 5 to 1 others. Swiveller just bad bis note in front at tbe first, hurdie, then came Dora. Laplander, Pa- My and Ancient. Jiomil tbe back Dora kept company wills Sv.-ivciier, t lie two with a slight lead, Laplander lying third. Tbe M'cond time round Laplander took Dora's place, and ibis order was maintained till the final effort wa< made, m hen Swiveller drew away from the i'omvoug horse, Paddy making a bold bid for second place which he almost secured. 7J aides' Plate, of 5 sovs.; about, three- quarters of a mile. Mr. 11. E. Einsedei's b in Sweet Marie, 8.12 ... ... ... (Hogan) 1 Mr. A. Mackcv's br g Never Tire, 8.10... (O'Shannessy) 2 Mr. IV. McHarg's b g Clown. 5 vvs .. (P. Boweher) 3 Fon also storied. Betting : 2 to 1 on Sweet Marie. 3 to 1 r. Fen. 4 1o 1 Never Tire, fi to 3 Clown. Sweet Marie soon settled down to battle with Clown. Foil and Never Tire closely following. Round the back Clown chucked it up. and Fon shot past Hogan. but as soon as she had established a lead she; ran off, and Sweet. Marie was never afterwards troubled. Never Tire beating Clown on the post for second honors. 12.3 h.a.u. Pony Race, 3 sovs., about four furlongs. Mr. T. Butler's br m Flora, a. S.9 i (J. Beck) 1 Mrs. Osborne's br m Snap-hot, (1 yrs (Boys) 2 Mr. P. A. Lob's b m Abaa. 3 vrs. 7.0 ... !.. (White) 3 Ten started. Belting 2 to Flora, and Queen, 4 to 1 Jane and Miss Dainty, 0 to 1 others. The Queen got the best of the start and at once went away in front, soon outdistancing tbe others, and it looked as. if tbe race was to be a boil over, but The Queen done a Fon — ran off. Flora then won as she like-.!. | Great .Southern Handicap, of 35 sovs., ! second horse 2 sovs. out of stake ; one ami a quarter miles. Mr. T. Maroncy's b h Reporter, a. 8.1 1 ... (J. O'Brien) 1 Mr. J. Leckv's ch g You'll Do. a. 8.0 ... "... (Hogan) 2 Mr. P. Kennedy's br in Irene, 5 yrs. 8.12 (Johnson) 3 Trawalla also started. Betting : Evens Trawalla, 2 to 1 otheFS. Trawalla was the j Last to get 011 his feet, and kept, in that posi- i tion throughout the race, never appearing to make any effort. A splendid race from start- to finish ensued between the other three. Reporter baviug his nose in front all the way. Owning up the straight, produced the most exciting finish seen 011 the course, less than a length separating the three, tbe time being 2 lain. 18 sees. 14 h.a.u. 3'ony Race, of 5 sovs.; about five furlougs. Mr. P. A. Lob's g m Gracie, 5 yrs, 7.0 ... (White) 1 Mr. R. Armstrong's blk g Atiios. a, 8.9 .. (Armstrong) 2 Mr. IV. Greening's b g Harlequin, 3 yrs, 0-7 (Boys) 3 Nine started. Belting: Evens Athos, 3 to 1 Larrikin and The Obstacle. S to 1 othcrs. Grauic went l<> tbe front directly the flag fell, and being ridden all the way, w;is never headed. Athos made a good attempt to get. on even terms with the leader, but left it till rather late. Selling Race, of 5 sovs.; about four furlongs. Mr. J. Lecky's blk g Not Particular, a, ' S.10 (Hogan) I Mr. IV. Ca lee's b m Glorious Kate, a, S.32 . (Scarlett) 2 Mr. E. S. Watt's b m Countess, <5 vrs, 8.12 ... ... (Johnson) 3 Betting: fi to 4 on Not Particular, evens Casino, 4 to 1 The Cob. S to 1 Others. Some delay at the post caused Casino to get the mastery of O'Shannessy, and he went round the course three times on liis own before he could lie pulled up. When the flag fell Countess got in front and led to the distance, where Not Particular took the lead, Glorious Kate, who showed a turn of speed in the straight, beating Countess on the post. Poowong Stakes, of 5 sovs.; about six furlongs. Mr. Lecky's ch g You'll Do. a. 9.0 (Hogan)- I Mr. Wis. Perridge's br g Dishonor, <> yrs,. 8.7 (C. Howie). 2 Mr. G. Johnston's eh m Palestine, 5 yrs,. 6.7 ... ... ... (J. Beck). 3 Seven started. Betting : 2 to I You'll' Do and Reporter, 3 to 1 Trawalla and Dishonor. 8 to 1 others. Dishonor took a good place at the start and led into the straight,, where You'll Do and Palestine challenged him, tbe former- winning a good race, the pony being third. 