SPORTING NOTES. [By Tabcjcin. I Racing men in South Australia are not permitted to remain idlelong. On Monday next they will have the S.A. J.C. Winter Meeting at Morphettville to engage tlieir attention, and, judging from the acceptances received this week, there will bo some capital sport. The fields wQl, numerically speaking, be strong, and the various events will certainly take some picking. In order that the last-flee seed not be decided in the dark, the Club have agreed to open the proceedings a quarter of an hour earlier than usual—a change it will be well to note. Fifteen have been left in the Hurdle Race, for which the top weights will doubtless dispute favouritism. Benecia Boy has been unlucky since his arrival from Victoria. He ran off at the first fence at Oakbank, and fell on the Old Course, while he missed the first hurdle race at the S.A.J.C. Meeting by a head. With 11 st. 7 lb. he ought to be there or thereabouts again on Monday, but wherever he is Father Confessor will also be. In fact,1 the latter should beat him on their running in the S.A.J.C. Second Hurdle Race of the same distance. Then Benecia Boy with 11 st. 7 lb. failed to get a place, while Father Con fessor with 9 st. 5 lb., or 5 lb. less than he has now, was only beaten by Floodbird by a nose. The Gawler winner Radiant will no doubt be in request again, with only an additional 6 lb. on his back, but with a difference of 9 lb. in their favour Gipsy Queen and Sir George may turn the tables upon him. Baccarat may occasion a surprise, but with 3 lb. less Isinglass is to be preferred. Home Rule and Shootover are both on the 9 st. mark, which should give them a chance, -but I think the result will be something like the following:— FATHER CONFESSOR 1 BENECIA BOY 2 RADIANT 3 The lot in the Disposal Handicap will meet on practically the same terms as they did in the Disposal Stakes on the last day of the AR.C. Meeting, in which none of them could get a place behind Fair Saxon. Perhaps on the Evanston Handicap running at Gawler, Burnside reads best, but he is unreliable, and it might be tetter to rely upon Cigarette with all her weight or Miola. If Mr. Cowan's mare could only be depended upon to shape as wel as she did against Esau in the A.B.C. Auction Stakes, she would score. Esau was well backed when Fair Saxon won, while Quickshot has been going to do something out of the common on more than one occasion. I would, however, sooner stand by MIOLA 1 CIGARETTE ... ... ... 2 BURNSIDE 3 The Accession Handicap should be a good betting race, as at least eight of those left in are fancied by their respective stables. Port Admiral won this race last year with 9 st. 4 lb., or 4 lb. less than he will have on Mon day, and then came out and also appropriated the Farewell Handicap with 9 st. 13 lb. If he be in the same form now there is no reason why he should not" repeat this performance. Anyhow, he niay be ex pected to make a bold bid for victory. Over the distance 9 st. should stop Lord Gfrenville, but Foliage has continued to do splendidly since the A.R.C. fixture, and even an addi tional 11 lb. may not prove too much for him. Still Thunderer will meet him on II lb. batter terms, and this may bring them closer to gether, as Mr. Purvis's colt should be able to got a mile and a furlong. ' Broken Hill is fancied, and the better of Mr. Crorier's pair wilPhave. to bo reckoned with. This will probably be Viking. With only 7 st. I am inclined to trust iNaokara this time in the hope that his luck will change, and Staffa ought to render a good account of himself with only 6 st. 12 lb. Then there is Kirk by, who has been in the background for some time, but who would have to be respected if all right with 8 st. 3 lb., while if Pitchery be better than Port Admiral he will be well worth a sovereign. I think it 13 very open, but Mr. Barker may hoist them THUNDERER or NACKARA... 1 FOLIAGE ... 2 PORT ADMIRAL 3 All Fours will probably start first favourite for the Steeplechase, which she won last year with 10st. Bib. When she fell at Morphett ville recently she had 10 st. 7 lb., and conse quently she has been raised 12 lb., but then Strike has also gone up 11 lb. for running second to Banjo. TTbepair may .finish first ana second, hut over two miles and ahalfWilpena wi th 10 st. 121b. should be dangerous. Mai I boy's latest performances have' nardly been en couraging enaugh,butif Taradaie and Motala are alright ag&n; there ia no reason why one of thPmshouId not win. Theothere dp not look like creatineasfirpriso, andit may be wiser to stick-to toe threetop weights— ALL FOURS ... ... ... 1 STRIK E ' ... .„ ... ... 2 WHiPENA ... — ' .. 3 The Junior Handicap reads like a match between Marryatville and the better of Hill's pair. If Eleasinian has improved since ho ran second-in the Adelaide Stakes he will no doubt be preferred to Princess of Wales, but he will have to be at his test to conquer Marryat ville, and therefore I shall write them MARRYATVTLLE I ELEU9JNIAN 2 HEAR HEAR ... ... 3 If backers should have happened to have atrnck a bad day they will not have much chance on paper to get a recovery in the \- - — - Tbi ' " Farewell Handicap/' There are at the time of writing no less than twenty-one engaged, and at least half of them have claims for considera tion. I shall content myself by voting for WRANGLER. " ... ... ... 1 VIKING .. ... ... ... 2 NOMADIC or BERNICE ... 3 Mr. Dakin issued his weights for the V.R.C. Grand National jumping double on Monday, but tbey have not assisted backers very materially to pick the double. Redleap would certainly __ not__ find 12 st. lrf id. too much iu tne iiuraie ttace if he were in Anything approaching' his best form, but this is doubtful, and it is also noticeable that the name of the champion is missing from the entries for the Caulfield Grand National Hurdles and Steeplechase. The Messrs. Miller may therefore have to rely upon one of their other trio, Artist, Preston, and Leslie. Preston has received quite enough in 12 st. 5 lb., and he will no doubt be reserved for a later engagement. Leslie and Artist, however, should . be a dangerous pair. Certainly they have both been pretty well taken care of by Mr. Dakin, but Leslie-on the Queen's Birthday won in a canter at Flemington over two miles carrying 11 st. 13 lb. Artist has been jumped from 10 st, 5 lb. to 11 st. 9 lb. for scoring over two miles and a half at the V.R.C. Autumn Meet ing. There were only five starters on that occasion, though'the crack Figaro was amongst them. Emmalea may be a good mare, but she haB caught it hot in 12 st. 8 lb., and may bo passed over. It goes without saying that the selected of the Messrs, Manifold will take no end of boating. Backers of doubles coupled three out of the four, Pivot, perhaps, being in the most request, but both he "and Geometry have been withdrawn. This points to Dungan, who is very fast, and who may win the double. Corncrake^ cannot score with 11 st. 7 lb. on his Adelaide form, but Woonoke, who ran second to Emmalea last year, has claims for consideration with 11 st. The MorphettviUe-bred Lord Byron won at Flemington over two miles last April with 11 st. 10 lb. in 3 min. 50sec., and with only another 2 lb. on his back he cannot be discarded. Of the New Zealand pair Tiritea may start, while Mutiny may be reserved for the Steeplechase, but I would sooner trust to Black Flag. Since bis arrival in Melbourne, the latter has not been out of a place, and he won pretty comfortably at Flemington on Saturday over two miles with only ft pound less than hehasnow. Morago, who has been "installed nominal favourite, is by Bras- de-fer from Satanella. He won the Hurdle Race at the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting last October with 9 st. 3 lb., Corn crake (10 st. 10 lb.) being amongst the beaten division, and at Caulfield he was credited with a good performance. There he scored over two miles with 10 st. 1 lb., the beaten division including Ripple. Bacossa, Rosestem, and others. He, however, failed in both the hurdle races at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting with 1.1 st. and 11 st. 3 lb. I saw Gratiano run Borderer to half a head over three miles last November with 10 st. 7 lb. on his back, and now with 10 st. 6 lb. one must be partial to him, as he is an undoubted stayer. Lucid is spoken of favourably, but Bisohoff has been a failure in the past. Mr. Frew has ZourofT also engaged, but he has done nothing of note, and Leap Year would be a better investment. The best half-dozen at the weights appear to me to be— LESLIE. MORAGO, GRATTANO, WOONOKE. DUNGAN, BLACK FLAG. In the Steeplechase no less than throe stables have twelve horses engaged, and they are a formidable lot. The Messrs. Miller are repre sented byRedleap, Dart, Larnook, and Whern side, and ot ttns lot uart will proaaniy tie the chosen. He suffered defeat at the hands of Rorke's Drift last Saturday, but the extra dis tance may be more in his favour, and it will be remembered he ran second last year with ft st. 10 lb. The Messrs. Manifold have Dungan and Apsley to choose from. Dungan has the same weight—12 st. 0 lb.—as ho won with at Tattersall's Meeti ng on the Old Course, and he is such a great jumper that he will have to be treated with the greatest respect. Grandwing, Leap Year, Zouroff, and Will o' the Wisp are in the same stable, and Will o' the Wisp will beat more than will beat him. This week he was tried over the big timber at Fleming ton, and jumped faultlessly. Joi may have a few pounds more than it was expected he would get, but he will strip an improved horse, and 11 st. 9 lb. may not stop him. He is set to meet Dungan on 15 lb. better terms for his defeat at Oakbank, and the advan tage should bring them closer together. Quick light at 11 st. 9 lb. is one of the picks of the handicap. She won the first Steeplechase at the V.R.C. Meeting last March as she liked with 10 lb.. 6 lb, and she was to all appearances scoring in the second with 12 st. just as comfortably when she fell. She is reported to be doing favourably at Flemington, jumping in first- class style. Timoni should run well with 9 st. 8 lb., while of the others Campaspe 10 st. 9 lb., Walter 10 st. 7 lb., ! and Mercury 10 st. 2 lb. I think the winner ought to come from QTJICKLIGHT, DART, JOT. DUNGAN, TIMONI. The course proper at Morphettville was opened on Thursday morning,'and some good work was get through. Jack Perry was the first out. He asked Successor a question over seven furlongs, which was negotiated in 1 min. see. Hasty was treated to long steady work, whiie The Arab, with Kirk up, was moving along over six furlongs. Rose dale had Trentalto for a companion in a seven-furlong flutter the pair finishing to gether in 1 min. .27? sec. Foliage beat Kirkby by a dozen lengths at the end of a mile and a furlong, the watch registering 2 min. 8? see. Foliage went very well. Nornadie. and Clytomnestra finished up with a two furlong spurt. Supposition put in a round at. half pace. The Golden King was given a turn over the hurdles, but shaped badly. Staff* did long steady work, finishing up with half a milo in 56 sees. The whole of Quinn's yearlingswere credited with useful exercise. Nackara, with TotbiH in the saddle, was asked a question over a mile and a furlong, Playmate joining in the last mile. Nackara covered 'the full distance in 2 min. 11 sec. Hear Hear {F.. Horn) carved out six furlongs'in 1 min. 20j«ec., while Berniee did aseful work. Arctic put in a couple of steady rounds. Floodbird, looking well, went once round; while Switcher andScallywag worked steadily. Fair Saxon (Foon) and First Bolt (Rogers) were coupled over seven furlongs, which they negotiated in 1 min. 40j sec. Some service able steoplechaae work wan recorded to Taradale and Benocia Boy, who negotiated a mile and three-quarters. Elusinian, Princess of Wales, and Principle were bracketed for a seven-furlong spin. Princess of Wales pulled off, sifter going five furlongs, and Prin ciple,'.. running over his companion, covered tho distance in 1 min. 401 sec. Broken Hill left a mile and a furlong Behind him in even time. Danbydale traversed seven furlongs in 1 min. 41 sec. Port Admiral, Royal Admiral, and Pitchery were sent on a mile and-afurlopg journey, Anglo-Saxon assisting them Hie first five furlongs. The full distance occupied 2 min. 9J sec. John Bull bowled over the same distance in even time. "Viking (F. Burn) and Hortensius(Willis) were coupled for a round, which they negotiated in 2 min. 50 sec., Viking having most to say at the finish. Surefoot and Concussion worked steadily. Theyearlingsunder Kiely'sand Hill's care, were treated to gentle exercise. On Wednesday the Golden King was schooling over the hurdles, but he jumped none too well. Conflict was also tried over the small sticks, at which he came to grief.. .Roaedale, with young Burke up. was also given a turn over the hurdles, and she shaped well for a beginner. The course proper was also ro^onwL_on the Old Course.on Thursday morning. iJhootovor wa3 sent on a mile-and-three-furiong journey, Ho: which he negotiated in fair time. Home Rule got to the end of a mile and three-quarters in 3 min. 30% seOV, Dianthus bringing him home the last mile, whioh was run in 1 min. 591 sec. Juliet.lield Gipsy Queen safe at the .end of a mile and a half in 3 min. 3 seo. The Idler got over five furlongs smartly. Lord Grenville (Stennett) and Gormaine (Sheppard) were coupled over a mile and a furlong, the chest nut finishing in front in 2 min. 6% nee. Parnell was credited with good steeplechase work, while Carmelite and Encounter did useful exercise on the cinders. Helena left six furlongs behind her in a taking manner. Motala was restricted to long steady work, but The Ghost moved along for a round. Gail lardia, Troy, and Radiant were companions for a mite and six furlongs, the last round of which occupied 3 min., with Radiant in front. Kase left six furlongs behind him in I min. 25J sec. Mailbov (Curtin )• put in some sound steeplechase work. ^Paul Jones and Tallawa ran once round in 3 min. 10 sec. They were schooled over hurdles on Wednes day, and jumped well. Pluvius and First Master cut out three furlongs in 414 sec. Trout was dispatched over a miJe, Union Jack assisting him for seven furlongs, while Esau accompanied him for the first five, which they covered, in 1 min. 9 see. The full journey took Trout 1 min. 54 sec. Consequence was schooled over the fences, and acquitted herself creditably. Woodfield put in goad steeple chase work, while Sir George was bowling along over a couple of miles, Electric assisting him the first part of the journey. Fund, look ing well, worked steadily, and Mompa encom passed a mile in even time. Cigarette and Recoup left five furlongs behind them in 1 min. II sec., while Ulva ran a mile in 1 min. 57 sec. Regent, Jack Sprat, Young Lucifer, Gort, Hamlet, and several others put in useful exercise. Radiant and Troy were schooled over tho hurdles on Wednesday, and shaped well. The Cambria Plate and Purse will be decided at Flemington on Saturday. The places in the former may be filled by Miss Gladstone, Carlton, and Mercia, while Shannon, Nobody, and Bon Ton may supply the situations in the Purse. Alveary was submitted to the hammer by Messrs. Barker & Cornelius on Friday week, but she was passed in at 140 guineas. Idolater, Mon Ami, Badajos, and Colorado have been shipped from Melbourne for India. Mr. W. R. Wilson has purchased the yearling colt by Robinson Crusoe from Mon talto. The Robinson Crusoe—Hatason young ster has been sold to Mr. R. O'NoiJ. Solanum and Sainfoin are both to be taken to Mahonga Station in Nev South Wales, the property of Mr. James McLaughlin. Theeonditions of the Callington Handicap Rifle Match to be fired on Monday, June 29, have been advertised in the Rer/Uter. The distance is 200 yards, and any kind of rifle is to be allowed. Nominations must reach the promoter, Mr. W. S. Lambert, at Callington, by 9 p.m. on Monday, June 22i The-Grystal Brook Coursing Club have post poned their Annual meeting until July 22 and 23\. Nominations close with the Hon. Secre tary, Mr. D. L. Forgan, on July 15. 'I have to acknowledge receipt of the V. R.C. Rating Calendar for June. The FJerpington correspondent of the Aus tralasian last week wrote:—"Pivot is look ing remarkably healthy, and is almost the best-looking horse training with us. He has filled out a lot since I last saw him run, and, with the exception of a rather piggish-looking eye, it would he hard to fault him. He is still on the big side, and it will take his trainer all his time to get him ready for the hurdles. Dungan, on the contrary, has lost a lot of flesh since he ran here last, but he is as hard as iron and looks in perfect health. On Saturday morning last he pulled up a bit sore, after cantering slowly. He has rather a nasty-looking splint on the near fore-leg, which seems spreading over the tendon, hut as Harrison appears to treat it with indifference it cannot bo very bad. I was informed that on Saturday afternoon he acquitted himself right well in a gallop over the hurdles in company with Geometry and another. Apsley is looking in great heart, and Waterloo has evidently done a good prepa ration. So far as I know they have not jumped since their arrival at Flemingtou, but probably have had plenty of sell ...riling at home. Lynch has Bi.vbotf looking in great form. He does a hit of work, and appears to thrive on it. Ta-miin, who has a good re putation in the Western District, arrived last week. He is in J. Smith's charge, and is a jumping-looking horse. Mr. Frew is likely to be very much in evidence during the jump ing campaign. His string appears to be con stantly increasing, and he has some good ones in it. Will o' the Wisp is looking and jump ing well. On Saturday last he run right away from Manns (an up-country horse in Cripps's stable) and outjuniped him' at every fence. Zouroff, who is apparently a very delicate horse to train, is looking fresh and bright at present. Mr. W. Glasscock has Jbi in great heart. At no period of his career has he looked m such buckle. On Tuesday morning last, in company with Oak, he gave us % rare display of jumping capacity. Ridden by Brewer, he measured his fences admirably, and never made a semblance of a mistake. Oak, although a hotheaded one, is as clever as a cat, and takes a deal of bringing down. Cameron rode Win and handled him well; Leap. Yean a nine-looking horse in Frew's stable, has been doing strand work, and seems ready to race. - Old"Larrikin is looking asgay as a two-year-old, and another ancient one in the Sydney Billy Boy is training here. Walter* Hickenbotham is going to try Earls ton oyer hurdles, and ban engaged Douglas to school him. He should shape well, as he has the ap pearance of a good hurdler, and is a boldi dashing goer." A fair number of entries were received in Adelaide by Mr. S. R. Heseltine on Tuesday for the Port Augusta Meeting. For the Port Augusta Cup jPitchery, Kingbolt, Mompa, Supposition, Baccarat, The Goose, and Regent were rutminated, while Miola, Electric, wir rawa, Poissonnier, and Eupliane were among those entered for the other flat races. Sour- j sobs, Isinglass, Pebble, Taradale, Mailboy, Cataract, and Juliet have the right to start in ! the jumping events. Mr. Berry through an oversight omitted to ; nominate Simulator *nd Banjo for the V.R.C. j Grand. National Hurdle Race and Steeple- i chase, but both horses were entered this week ' for the two big jumping events to he run ! under the auspices of the V. A.T.C. Havelock's display in the Hurdle Race at FleraingtonlastSaturdayisdescribed as having been poor in the extreme. He was a bad last nearly Tall the way. - Bischoff after jumping several hurdles at Flemington on Saturday creditably pulled up a little lame, but no trouble is anticipated. Realgar was really responsible for bringing Geometry and Deerfoot to grief in the V.R.C. Hurdle Race last Saturday. According to an exchange he was on the inside and about a length ahead of tbe maro, and jumping across cannoned against her, bringing her down and Deerfoot on top of her. Realgar reeled under I the force of the impact, and Robertson had a j lucky escape, as be was on the horse's neck 1 and bunched up in the field for about thirty i yards, when he got out and pulled off. It is-stated that Patron and Portsea have definitely retired from the turf. I The weights for the Melbourne Cup will be j declared by Mr. Dakin on Monday next. Owing to Monday being a public holiday, i however, the imposts will not-be published in South Australia until Tuesday morning. First forfeits for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase are due by 4 p.m. on Monday next. General entries for tbe meeting must be to hand by the same hour. Wicket, who finished second to Beverley in tbe June Handicap at Flemington on Satur day, has started eix times since she has been brought to Melbourne, and has run second on each occasion. She was only beaten by Beverley by a necJc. Beverley is.now trained by Carsiake. j An advertisement published this morning announces that the meet of the Hoyleton Coursing Club has been postponed to J uly 2D j and 30. ; Jhe programme for the winter Meeting of S.A. Tattersall's Club, which is to be I held on the Old Course on Saturday, July j 18, has been advertised. The com mittee have issued a tempting bill of fare to which owners can hardly fail to respond , liberally.'' The total amount to be given away i in stakes is 623 sovs., or 125 sovs. more than I was subscribed for the same fixture last year, j Tattersall's Handicap is worth 150 sovs., while ! the Steeplechase has been fixed at 125 sovs., | nnd the Hurdle Ra ce and July Handicap at 100 sovs. each. Entries are due with Mr. J. Moorhouse on Tuesday, June 30, and the weights will be declared on July 11. Mr. Seth Ferry has purchased the training establishment known as Jordan Park, lately owned by Mr. Thomas Jordan. The amount paid is reported to Have been £2,000. I The Neckersgat pfelding Catspaiv has been purchased by Mr. Olark, but remains in the j Btable of Mr. C. W. Brewer, The steeplechaser Reckless was sent back to j Sydney on Monday. _ j Joi, who has been awarded 11 at. 9 lb. in the V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase, was i backed in Adelaide before the publication of the weights to win £1,000 at 10 to I. i Havelock's weight in the V.R.C. Gra.nd National Hurdle Race is 9 st. 12 lb. Confi dence, who may be set down as an unlikely starter, has 9 st. 13 lb. in the Steeplechase. Hast year Mr. Dakin annexed the V.R.C. Grand National Ilnrdlo Race with Tim Swiveller with 12 sfc. 10 lb., and the Steeple chase with Dondi 12 st. 5 lb. This year Rerl leap has been awarded 12 st. 13 lb. and 13 st. 12 lb. respectively, The Port Augusta Gun Club announce that nominations for the £50 pigeon match to be fired in connection with theciub on Wednes day, July 8. will close at 9 p.m. on June 24 at the Port Augusta Postoffice. The Adelaide hounds will meet on Saturday at Walkerville. The throw-off will take place at 2.30 p.m. in Mr. Philip Levi's paddock. The weights for the first day—July 1—of the Mount Gambier Racing Club's Winter Meeting have boon declared. First Bolt, who is engaged in the Mount Gambier Handicap of a mile and a quarter, the Volcano Handicap and the Federal Stakes, both six furlong events, has been allotted top weight in each of the races, viz., fist. 7 lb., 9 st. 9 lb., and 12 st.-7 lb. respectively. The nomination of the son of Thunderbolt appears for the first time in the namo of his owner, Mr. T, L. Ware. Conscript, the gelding that ran on the city courses recently, has been awarded 9 st. in the vlount Gambier Handicap. In the South-Eastern Steeplechase, of two and a half miles, to be ran on the first day, Motala has list. 4 lb., Cuttlefish 11. st., Lallawa 10 st. 7 lb., Pardon and Young Lucifer 9 st. 7 lb. each. First Bolt is the only Adelaide horse engaged in the Blue Lake Handicap on the second day, July 2, while Motala, Cuttlefish, Lallawa, and Young Lucifer are entered in the Mount Gambier Steeplechase. The Master of the A delaide Hunt Club has agreed that the hounds shall finish their run on Saturday, June 27, on the Cheltenham Park Racecourse on the occasion of the Port Adelaide Club's Win tor Meeting. Tricolor has been scratched for the V.R.CL Grand National Hurdle Race. The-Gawler Jockey Club has forwarded to the 8:A, J.C. Committee £5 Btf.asa donation to thepistressed and Disabled, Jockeys' Fund ffom the totalizator tractions received at their wintormeeting.' . The Count (of Oxenham & Co.) notifies by advertisement that he will remain in Adelaide till Friday, Juiie 26. The firm report having transacted extensive business in Melbourne on the Grand National Hurdles and Steeplechase since the publication of the weights. The following are some of the principal doubles which have been laid:—1,000 to 10 each Dungan and Quicklight, Dungan. and Joi, Dungan and Dart, 1,000 to 20 Dungan and Dungan, 1,000 to 1.0 each Morago and Woonoke,' Morago aiidTirnoni, Morago and Joi, Lucid and Corncrake, Lucid ana Joi, Lucid and Dungan, The Don and Dart, The Don arid .Joi. A number of doubles have also been laid on t the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups. The Argm of Tuesday writes:—"The issue of the Grand National weights yesterday had the effect of stimulating the betting market to a slight extent only. Joi was a strong favourite before the weights came out for the Steeplechase, all the money obtainable at 10 to 1 being taken,- and be is now the nominal favourite at'7 to 1, though with the weight allotted him there does not seem any dis position to rush him. Quicklight-is next in demand at 10 to 1, which price was accepted for a fair amount, and £1,000 to £70 was taken on behalf of the stable about Timoni. For the Hurdle Race 10 to 1 is offered on the field, with Morago the nominal favourite. In doubles the two Dungans were backed at £1,000 to £20, and at 100 to 1 Morago, Dungan, Pivot, The Don, and Geometry were picked, in .various combinations .with Joi, Quicklight, and Dungan." i bare received from Mr. J. n. smith a copy of the Western Australian Racing Calendar for J une. Tinstream.has been awarded top weight in the Cambria Plate to be decided at Caulfield on Saturday. She has 9 st., while Mainstay has 8 st. 13 !b.f Roselcaf 8 et. 11 lb., and Wilton' 8 st. 10 lb. Sternchaser, Oulloden.'Pounamu, and Mous quetaire, who have arrived in Melbourne from New Zealand, will be sent .to England on Saturday by the steamer Wamgal. ■ The entries for the Caulfield-Gran-d National Steeplechase are ten less than' those received last year. For the Hurdle Race three more were nominated than were entered twelve months ago, ErI King, whois now owned by Mr. S. H. Gollan, and who is to be tried over hurdles in England, will be shipped from Melbourne on Saturday. Nora. Creina, who has 9 st. 9 lb, in the V.R.C. Grand National Hnrdle Race, will shortly- bo shipped from Tasmania to Mel bourne, She is by The Assyrian from Nora. Medallion, who is to do duty at the Tocal Stud, New South Wales, has arrived in Sydney from New Zealand. He is by Norden feldt from Locket (imp.), and as a yearling cost 500 guineas. He was a fair performer on the turf in Australia. A Sydney exchange says that Mr. Tom Payten has caused a writ to be served on tho proprietor of a Melbourne weekly paper for an alleged libel which appeared in it a few weeks ago. The damages are laid at £2,000. Bloodshot has arrived in Melbourne from New Zealand, and has joined E. Power's string at Flemington. • There has been some betting in Sydney over the big Victorian Sprinsr events. New haven was a firm favourite for the V.R.C. Derby at 3 to 1, while 6 to 1 was offered against Coil. For the Melbourne Cup Wallace was nominal favourite at 100 to 6. while Newbaven was tho best-backed hoTse for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to 3. 