JOSEPPI. (Concluded from la*t week). "Wretch," Popora cried, " where is my score ? You left my door unlocked, and my treasure is gone ! I am robbed ! Great Heaven ! Robbed !" Poor Joseppi! For a moment he gazed up at the furious countenance and bloodshot eyes before him, and a great terror took possession of his soul. Poldel! As in a flash lie realized the miserable truth, with a bound he cleared the stairwav and gained the street. Only two desires held him m thrall_to escape the glare of those accusing eyes, and to discover the m hereabouts of his treacherous comrade lor hours his weary feet trod the rough stone flagging, traversing street after street with feverish haste. For hours his wide open blue eyes, set in a haggard face, scanned every passing countenance ; but the shadows of evening fell, and he was no nearer his quest. At one time, when murky darkness had succeeded twilight, he lav down to rest with his head against a curb, but he soon rose, stiff and sore, and went on nis restless way. At length, just as a distant church clock chimed the hour of midnight, sending a dozen dismal echoes over the slumbering: he found himself in a narrow, filthy street, flanked i»y a small tavern, from the closed doors of which came a confused sound of riot and laughter. The windows were high • but he seized a stone coping and climbed up nimbly as a cat. Sure enough, there was Poldel, with several dogged-looking com panions, seated at a table, with a flask of white wrne before them. At the leader's side lay the packet of music, poor Popora's lite treasure. Bravo, comrades J'' Poldel was savin testing a coarse hand 011 the manuscript5; therein lies a fortune ! Herr Holzbauer will double his guerdon for possession of the original; but we must work cautiously." g W\th ,riShfceous rage, Joseppi s id down noiselessly to the ground, lifted the primitive latch, and walked boldly in 1 old el turned quickly and stared as if he liaa seen a ghost. Give me back what you have stolen," the boy cried, eagerly, " or " He never finished the sentence. A sudden more' & and Joseppi knew 110 ' ^ad to be forced to hush the voice of a bird, laughed Poldel, "and I fear twill be some time before it chirps a note again ; eh, comrades ?" Hours, days, or weeks may have passed, lor all poor Joseppi knew, when he woke from that death-like stupor. All seemed darkness; but a strong hand was about his f a second r<>«ghly felt the bones of his thin form. Thin as a rail, supple as an eel, and light as a feather,' announced a strange voice in a tone of extreme satisfaction. " He could hole » u*» a CI'ac'£ or penetrate a key " Bravo !': answered another. " Then he will suit our purpose bravely." Suddeiilj- a light flashed before the prisoner s dazzled vision. 'Twas a ray from a « carried in the band of Poldel. " Attention, boy!" he exhorted, with an evil scowl. " 'Twould never do to let you return to the dear Popora, so from this moment you are of us. Listen to your dutv, and question nothing. You are to leave here in our company, and walk along with us quietly. At a given signal you will enter a house that we will point out,' by means of a small window, and open the door for us from the inside. Any treachery on your part will be rewarded by a pistol ball through your brain." In a secomis time Joseppi had collected his bewildered thoughts. "And if I refuse ?" Then \ 011 die ! The house is a league's distance from Vienna, and is the palace of the Count Martinez. He lives there alone with his daughter and a retinue of servants share*" y °f thalors wU1 faH to our "Lead 011, then," said Joseppi, simply. Ihe night was murky, and a flue, soft rain falling, wet the boy to the skin. A weary tramp brought them beneath the gables of a stately mansion. Not a light was to be seen. The whole household slept profoundly. Poldel produced the dark lantern; another called Dominic, shook a small window con cealed by a creeping vine, and it opened noiselessly. " Now, boy, I will lift you up. Be faith xul, or a ball will reward your treachery Joseppi grew pale to the lips. "Coward !" muttered Poldel. "How I used to hate your saintly girl-face when you sung in the cathcdral choir. • As if you were any nearer heaven with your bird-voice than I with my raven croak ! Now Poldel seized the lad and lifted him up as though he were a feather. "The door, to the left," he whispered, when the other, was fairly inside. , One second Joseppi paused ; then he ran like lightning to a door that he spied on his right, and beat on it with his clenched lianas, shouting : "Thieves! "Help ! help !" " Die, traitor !" shrieked Poldel. The suddeii report of a pistol woke tlie slumbering echoes of the* long marble cor ridor, and Joseppi fell bleeding across the threshold just as the door was opened by a tall,- commanding figure, bearing a light in one hand and a sword in the other, while pale-faced servants gathered round quaking with terror. " The thieves—follow them gasped the poor lad, and then fainted away. For days Joseppi lay between life and death, but one morning he awoke to con sciousness a second time, and looked up into a face, fair as a snowdrow, bending anxiously over him. " I am the Countess Maria Martinez," the fair vision announced, smilingly, "and I have joyful news for you. The gang of thieves were captured within a mile of Vienna, and the villain Poldel has con fessed." " And the opera score gasped Joseppi. " Safe in Popora's own hands, who is ready, after the fashion of his Italian coun trymen, to devour you with love and gratitude. He swears that you shall be his favorite pupil." And Joseppi could answer nothing for sheer rapture. Popora's pupil! At the very thought something deeper than joy shone in the soft blue eyes that, in the old days of choir singing, sentimental cathedral worshippers likened to those of an angel. When, days after, Popora heard for the first his one-time servant touch with his long, slim fiugers the strings of the splendid Viennese violin, a present from the grateful Count Martinez, he nearly wept. " You will be a great man some day, my lad," he cried, " or Popora is a fool !" Joseppi'snew friends remained his greatest benefactors to the day of his death. Aud did the prophecy of the testy old Italian musician come true ? You who have listened almost with rapture to that glorious chorus from the oratorio of the "Creation," " The heavens are telling," can answer for yourselves; for Joseppi, the ill-treated, half-starved lad of Heimburg and Rohran, and Joseph Haydn, the gifted, world renowned composer, are one and the same. 