SPORTING. SWEEPSTAKE SAILING RACE EIGHTEEN FOOTERS. A WIN FOR THE ARIEL. I An 18-footers Sweepstake Race was sailed under the auspices of the Queensland Yacht Club in the Hamilton Reach yesterday afternoon. Five boats started, and after a most exciting race, the Sydney boat, the Ariel, Avon from the Queensland boat, the Britannia, by 1min. 6sec, the Vera being third. Mr. George Ellis sailed the Ariel, and Mr. A. Earle the Britannia, and there was some clever sailing done by both skippers. The wind was a light, puffy breeze blowing east by north-east. Mr. James Clark, com- modore of the Queensland Yacht Club, followed the race in the steamer Alice, which had a good number of people on board. The Miner, with a small party on board, was also on the course. The following is a description of the race 18 FOOTERS SWEEPSTAKE RACE. A sweepstake race, for 18-foot boats, of £1 each, with 22 added by the Queensland Yacht Club. Course from the start ing line at the Hamilton down round the black buoy off the Powder Magazine, thence back to and round the starting flag buoy, thence round the red Cairn- cross buoy, and finishing between the flag-boat and the Hamilton shore. Distance, about 14 miles. Start'îtt^S.30 pm. Ariel (N.S.W.), AJ Kinninmont (G. Ellis) .,.4£..v'<.'.V. 1 Britannia (Q.), H. Anderson (At 'Rule) 2 Vera (Q ), J. H. Whereat (Sn Sandberg) 3 The Yvonne (N.S.W.), W H Golding (owner), and Olinda (N S.W.), T. H. Snowdon (W. Read also started. From a close start the Yvonne, and Vera were the first to cross the line, followed by the Ariel, Olinda, and Britannia All the boats stood on the port tack. The Vera was the first boat about, going on the starboard tack at 3h. 36min , and passing astern of all the other boats. The Ariel was next boat to go about, at 3h. 37min. 30sec. passing astern of the Britannia, and ahead of the Olinda. The Yvonne meanwhile held on her port tack, going splendidly. The Vera went about again, and made for the south shore, which she hugged for some time. The order at the red buoy was the Yvonne leading, with the Riifannia second, and the Ariel and Olinda sailing pretty well level, though the Ariel was to windward of the Olinda. The position of the boats at this point, commencing from the Hamilton shore, was-Britannia, the most to windward, Ariel, Olinda, Yvonne, and Vera the most to leeward, all on the port tack, the Ariel and Olinda carrying topsails. Just below the Acids Works the Yvonne went round on the starboard tack, and passed ahead of the Britannia, forcing the latter boat to give way. The Olinda and Ariel were both close up, with the Vera a good deal to leeward. The Britannia went about next, and the Yvonne twenty seconds later on the port tack. When the boats crossed, the Britannia was leading the Yvonne having to give way. The Vera had now come round, and was, with the Ariel in company, going up a bit on the leading boats. When the Yvonne went on the starboard tack again she caught the Britannia, and forced her round, both boats going almost neck and neck across the a ever. The Ariel meanwhile had been going strongly on the port tack, and when she came about on her starboard tack near the Queens- port buoy she crossed (ahead of the Britannia and Yvonne. Two tacks later the Britannia Whilst on her port tack broke off badly, and being seemingly caught in an eddy, made a lot of leeway. The Ariel again passed ahead of the Britannia and Yvonne whilst on her starboard tack, but all the boats were very close together. The Ariel got a splendid puff off Cunningham's Island, and again passed ahead of the Yvonne and Britannia. The Ariel, Britannia, and Yvonne now all made for the buoy, the Ariel being to windward, the Yvonne next, and the Britannia to leeward of the first two boats. The Yvonne forced the Ariel up, the boats being neck and neck, and the Britannia, neatly coming in, slipped round the buoy first, though only about half-a-second ahead of the other two boats. The times of (rounding were Britannia, 5h. 10min. 20sec Ariel, 5h. 10min. 20sec. 1 Yvonne, 5h. 10min. 20sec ' Vera, 5h. 14min. Olinda, 5h. 32min. Immediately on rounding the Britannia ran up her topsail, and got her spinnaker smartly out. The Ariel followed with a squaresail, cafes, and topsail. The Yvonne set a topsail and squaresail, the Olinda a squaresail and topsail, and the Vera a topsail and spinnaker. The Britannia, Ariel, and Yvonne made for the Parker Island shore, the Vera and Olinda keeping more in the channel. At the eastern point of Parker Island the Britannia led, with the Ariel and Yvonne very close up. A little later the Ariel ran up a ringtail, which had the effect of bringing her almost on level terms with the Britannias The three leading boats were now in a line close in shore, scarcely half-a- boat's length separating one from the other. The Vera, which was getting along fast under her big spinnaker, now came in towards the other boats, the Olinda standing last. The boats then opened out somewhat, and level with the Graziers' the Britannia still led, though the Ariel was coming up fast. The Britannia a little later seemed in trouble with her spinnaker, and the Ariel passed her. The Vera set a balloon jib, and, challenging the Yvonne, which had a race up, the two boats raced neck and neck for third position. The times of passing the red buoy off Cairncross were Ariel, 4h. 43min. Britannia,. 4h. 43min. 28sec Verandah. 44min. 24sec..: Yvonne, 4h. 44min. 26sec. Olinda, 4h. 45min. 30seo.L''i-# '. The Vera, after, passlnf^ihe"1" mark, passed the Yvonne, and 4 hp Britannia still hung on pretty close to the Ariel. About 100 yards before rounding the flag buoy off) the Hamilton the Ariel told in her ringtail, but kept. the rest of her big press of canvas flying right down to the flag buoy. The order and times of rounding were Ariel, 4h. 55min. Britannia, 4h. 55min. 16sec Vera, 4h. 17min. 35sec. Yvonne, 4h. 58min. 25sec Olinda, 4h. 59min. 30sec. On the thrash back to the Cairncross Buoy, the Ariel, Britannia, and Vera kept their topsails up, the Ariel gaining 9sec. on the slog-, the order and times of rounding the red buoy being Ariel, 5h. 5min. 20sec Britannia, 5h. 5min. 45sec Vera, 5h. 7min. 50sec. Yvonne, Eh. 8min. 30sec Olinda, 5h. 10min. After rounding; the Ariel and Britannia jibed. The Ariel set the same canvas as she carried on the previous run, and the Britannia a spinnaker, which lifted and went over the fore stay. This mishap took some little time to remedy, and the Britannia lost ground thereby. She had hardly got It right When the spinnaker boom snapped and dropped the man overboard who was sitting on it. He caught hold of the boat, and was got on board again without much delay. The order of the boats did not change in the run home, though the Vera and Yvonne had an exciting' run for third place. The finishing- times were Ariel, 5h. 18min. 30sec Britannia, 5h. 10min. 35sec Vera, 5h. 22min, Yvonne, 5h. 22min. 2sec Olinda, 5h.. 23min, 45hgo \ SAILING_N_ÖTBS Trade departure of the Aramac having been delayed until 9 p.m. on Saturday (to-Morrow), all the Sydney boats and officials will stay for the City of Brisbane Sailing Club's regatta. The Queensland Yacht Club's settling up and farewell to the Sydney visitors will take place in the Protestant Hall to-night at 8 p.m. After the settling up a smoke concert will be held, at which some of our best-known vocalists will perform. There should be a good roll up of boating men and the general public to give the visitors a befitting send-off. I'D RP NOTES The unexpected again happened in connection with the (Carrington Stakes, run at the Sydney Tattersalls annual meeting at Randwick on New Year's Day, the favourite Courallie, who started at the remarkably short price of 0 to 1 in a field of twenty-four runner's, being unable to get a place, while the winner turned up in the outsider, True Blue. The Queenslander, 'Babel, ran fairly well, and had his condition been perfect he should have won, seeing that it took the winner 1min. 16sec. to run the half-dozen furlongs. The total amount of prize money distributed at the late U.T.C. Second Summer Meeting was £700, and of this the largest shares went to J. Finnie and R. Johnston, each of whom won £100. If. Nolan came next with £83 ; T. Mark- well won £75 ; W. 0. Scott, £35 ; T. E. Kennedy, £00 ; Richard Thurston, £43 ; Mrs. MMICooper, T. J. Higgins, A. J. Noud, and J. Smith each "£35 ; G. E. Cooper; A. Boldery, and J. M'Cabe each £10 and A. Cowell, W. Blacklock, J. Gaven, and J. McEwen each £3. G. Selby, M. Ryan, and L. Strickland headed the list of successful jockeys with two wins each, and those who each rode one winner were W. Booth, A. Colley, C. Colley, W. Stewart, Holmes, and W. Tucker. The Newbold coll Lord Baldwin is still in a precarious condition, and, though he has improved slightly within the last day or two, Mr. Irving is unable yet to hold out any hope of his recovery. The colt as in a state of high fever, suffering from acute inflaming section of the lungs and bronchitis. Mr. James Smith, the owner of Stud book and Lady Archie, has purchased the well-known Buckthorpe horse Young Buckthorpe. and has placed him in E. J. Easton's hands to train. The Q.T.C. Second Summer Meeting turned out successful from a financial point, the club making a profit of £130 on the two days' in dug. But for the unfortunate postponement on Boxing Day this sum would probably have been more than doubled. BRISBANE RACING CLUB The following weights have been declared for the races to his held to-morrow (Saturday). 4th instant : Open Handicap. Pyrrhus. 9st. 3lb.; Staulbook, 9st. ; Barman. 8st. 10lb.; Mona, 8st. 2lb.; Exchange. 8st.; Lady Archie, 7st. 3lb).; The Nipper. 7st. 8lb.; Hibiscus, 7st. 8lb.; Confidence, 7st.; Cognac, 7st; Woodbine, Gat. Stb.; He coup, (9st. 7lb.: Highweight Handicap. Betty, Ost.; Lady Melissa, 8st. 11lb.; Rubicon, Sst. nth.; Lady Trenton, 7st. Flying Handicap.-Capriste, 10st. 4lb.; Alma, 9st. 8lb.; Wild Olive, 9st. 10lb.; Gloaming, 9st. 7lb.: Staulbook, 8st. 8lb.; Exchange, 7st. 7lb.; Lady Archie, 7st; Iyti'dy Lynne, 6st. 7lb). Welter Haudiaaiu.-Golden Plover, lOst. 12ft.; studbook, 10st. 2lb.; Pc trowna, 9st. 8lb.; Signal, 9st. 3lb.; Adelbert 8st. 5lb.; Guardirou, 8st. 3lb.; Even- tide, Sst. Highweight Welter Handicap The Nipper, lOst. 41st.; Lord Lorne, 10st. 3lb.; Lady Norman. 9st. 10lb.; Lady Melissa, 9st. 10lb.; Comfidonce, 9st. 8lb.; Ethel, 8st. 8lb.; Speaker. 7st. 8lb.; tuneless, 7st. 6lb.; Music, 7st. January Handicap Mile. 9st. 4lb.; Alma, 9st. 4lb.; Rlr Oliver, 9st. 4lb.; Telephone, 8st. 12lbs.; Golden Plover, 8st. 10lb.; Stud-book, 7st. 13th.; Exchange, 6st. 11lb.; Gtnxrdiron, Ost. 71. W. RICHARDSON, can do capper. CUNNAMULLA RACES (By Telegraph from our, Correspondent.) CUNNAMULLA, January 2. The New Year's Meeting of the South Warrego Jockey Club was held yesterday, and was a great success, there being a large attendance of visitors. The following are the results of the principal events : Trial Stakes. Sentry, 1 ; Trident's Daughter, 2 ; Chesterman, 3. Flying Handicap. Sentry, 1 ; Lone hand, 2 ; Ballet Girl, 3. Stockman's' Purse The Coon, 1 The Plunger, 2. New Year's Handicap.-Lonehand, 1 ; Overshot, 2 ; Ballet Girl, 3. , Selectors' Handicap. Sentry, 1 ; Ballet Girl, 2 ; Dominus, 3. Consolation Stakes. Bron tie, 1 ; Chesterman, 2 ; Overshot, 3. There was an off day's racing to-day. TAROOM GRASSFED RACES (From Our Own Correspondent.) December 29. The Taroom Grassfed Races, which came off on the 27th Instant, were a great success. Large fields, fast times, and in most (cases close finishes were the order of the day. Great credit is due to the secretary, Mr. E. T. Gatehouse, for the way in which the programme was carried through. After paying all expenses, the balance was on the right side. One?remarkable feature was that the grassfed hacks did times equal to the trained cornfed horses. One of our local sportsmen remarked that the only way he could account for it was that they trained the wrong horses ; the hacks were fed and trained, and the racehorses were let run in the bush untried. Below is a detailed account of the races : Malden Plate, £5 ; % Miles'. O. Scott's ch.m. Zephyr, 1 ; W. Lawson's ch.g. Stranger, 2. Twelve others, started. Zephyr went to the lead at the start, and won easily. Time, 3min. 26sec. Hack Race, 3 sovs.; 5 Furlongs, welter weight for age. Ratz, ch.g. Dawson. 1 ; W. Lawson's ch.m. Ghost, 2. Idalia, Friction, Sting, Orphan Boy, Ruphus, Amber, and Vision also started. This was a splendid race. Orphan. Boy took the lead into the straight closely followed by Idalia and Vision with the others all in a bunch. At this point Vision crossed Idalia and brought her on to her nose, and so spoiled her chance. Dawson and Ghost then came with a splendid run, overtook the leaders, and finished in the order named. Time, 3min. 15sec. Christmas Handicap, 1 Mile ; £10. W. Hickey's b.g. Ishmaelite, 1 ; W. Lawson's ch.g. Stranger, 2 ; A. Ferricks brig. Czarewitch, 3. Glengarry, Star, Miner, Cavalier, and Pilot also started. Cavalier and Stranger were the favourites for this event, but their supporters were let down, as Ishmaelite bowled them over after an exciting finish. Time, 1min. 50sec. Hack Race, 1% Mile, weight for age. Eleven horses started in this event, and the winner turned up in Mr. W. Lawson's Baker, with Mr. Ray's Dawson second. Time, 58sec. Ladies' Plate, 6, 3 Mile, handicap. Mrs W. O. Scott's Gaslight, 1 ; Miss Lahey's Ishmaelite, 2 ; Mrs. R. L. Scott's Tichbourne, 3. Mary, Isis, Banker, and Cavalier also started. Gas- light took the lead at the start, and was never caught, although Ishmaelite ran very close on to her at the post. Time, 1min. 22sec. Jumbo Stakes, £3, % Mile, 14st. up. W. Lawson's g.g. Schoolboy, 1 ; M. J. O'Brien's b m. Truth, 2; A Ferricks ban. Exchange, 3. Satan, Sultan, Lady Grace, Japan, Esau, Gray skin, and Figaro also started. Truth took the lead at the fall of the flag, but was overtaken by Schoolboy before half the journey was travelled, and the balance of the field, all of a bunch, were in close attendance. Truth challenged School- boy again on the rails, but was unable to beat him. Time, 1 min. Farewell Handicap, 2 Miles. J. O'Brien's b m. Truth, 1 ; C. H. Claire's br.g. Star, 2 ; W. Walker's e g. Alarm, 3\. ningarry. Pilot, Aladdin, Bravo, The Baron, Tlchbounne, Sweet William, Esau, and Sting also started. This was the best race of the day, Truth only winning by a head on the post, with the rest of the field all of a bunch on the rails. Time, 4min. 27sec. Some races were run off on the second day, the principal event being won by The Drummer and Ishmaelite, will ran a dead heat, and their owners divided the stakes. BRISBANE CYCLISTS AT GYMPIE In an account of the Oddfellows' Sports at Gympie on New Year's Day, the " Times" says For the bicycle events there were three Brisbane competitors, and they proved altogether too good for the local men, as they appropriated all the prizes but one. These were not be- grudged them, for they rode gamely, and Herbert especially gave a fine exhibition of riding, and both his and Sandeman's spurts opened the eyes of the spectators, for when they laid down to work the other competitors seemed to be almost at a standstill. One-mile Bicycle Handicap.-First prize, C ; second, £2 ; third, £1. First heat : W. White (Brisbane), 225 yards, 1 ; S. Street, 177 yards, 2 ; R. Sandeman (Brisbane), 25 yards, 3. J. Jefferson, 175 yards, and H. Miller, 200 yards, also started. For three parts of the distance White and Jefferson kept about the handicap distance apart, although at times the latter got closer to the limit man. Sandeman in the sixth lap ran into fourth place, and shortly afterwards Jefferson retired, and Street assumed second place. From this out White had it all his own way, and won easily by twenty-five yards, Street beating Sandeman for second place by about five yards. Time, 2min. TiSfPC Second heat : E. J. Herbert (Brisbane), 05 yards, 1 ; J. Hopper, 180 yards, 2 ; G. Jefferson, 235 yards, 3. This event proved a gift to the Brisbane cyclist, who had the field at his mercy in the fourth lap, and in the last (seventh) lap put on an excellent sprint, and although the others tried to catch him, he won with ridiculous ease by twenty-five yards. Jefferson was beaten for second place by about a yard. Time, 2min. 55sec. Final : E. J. Herbert, 1 ; W. White, 2 ; R. Sandeman, 3. Six starters. At the commencement of the fifth lap White assumed command, closely followed by Herbert. These two drew away from G. Jefferson, and a good race even sued until about half-a-lap from home, when Herbert spurted, and won by twenty-five yards from White. Jefferson was in close attendance, and looked like getting third place, but Sandeman came with a grand spurt, and beat him on the post. Time, 2min. 56sec. Three-mile Bicycle Handicap.-First prize, £8; second, 22 ; third, £1. R. Sandeman (Brisbane), scratch, 1 ; E. J. Herbert, 90 yards, 2 S Street, 300 yards, 3\. The visitors had too much pace for the four local men who started, and when two and a-half miles had been traversed they went to the front. From this until the last lap they took things quietly, but the two then put on pace for half-a-lap, Sandeman winning by two yards, Street, twenty-five yards away, third. Time 9min. 53sec. 