Plain Girls "Do plain girls ever' become pretty?” asks a correspondent. The answer is. Not always. Sometimes a girl ot ordin ary looks grows into a most fascinating woman, and if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to be good looking. How often the tall, bony. awk ward girl—the acknowledged ugly duckling of the family—develops into a perfect specimen of lovely woman. The bony limbs have rounded them selves, plump soft flesh has filled up un sightly hollows, the squareness and an gularity are departed, and the budding woman is as delicately proportioned as Venus. Just so the plain girl of 17 may in time become the attractive young latlv of 21 or so. A face that in early vouth is blank and devoid of expres sion often changes considerably as the girl grows older, giving to the features a beauty tliat was not traceable there before. Beauty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness play se I not these alorie.‘ for’Natur>v ofTfer’ own accord, sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its former self. The features are not al tered so much as the expression, and expression has a deal to do with the beauty of countenance- In fact, a plain face owes much of its unattractiveness to its lack of expression—there are a heaviness and stolidity about it; where as a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation, has a grace ful airiness and ease that add greatly to its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution, for as the maid becomes a woman she undergoes a wonderful transformation. With the development of the figure the ftice often alters considerably, and mostly for the better. How often one hears the remark among friends, meet ing after some few years of absence, “How you have altered; I really shouldn't have known you.” Plain girls, therefore, are not always plain; and healthy exercise, happiness, and contentment, with care and attention, may do much toward the development of good looks and general attractive ness.—“Exchange.” 