PARLIAMENT. LFBOir 0TO MELBOUBNE COBBESPOXDENT.J TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER Sin. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker took the chnir at half-past four. "Mr T. Smith asked the Poshliaster-General •whether it was his intention to reduce the pre sent high charges levied for telephone rates. Mr Duffy said that he was awaiting the I result of the Postal Board^ inquiry. (Laughter.) He hoped that the inquiry would result in I some reforms, and that one of them would he a substantial reduction in the telephone charges. TREASURY BONDS BILL. The House went into committee on the | Treasury Bonds Bill. On the item, converting first-class bogie cars | into second-class corridor cars, £15,000. Mr Baker moved that the amount be reduced | to £5000. Mr Williams pointed out that the expendi ture was required iu order to provide the car- I nageswiththosesanitary appliances which were necessary for long journeys. The matter was one which had been specially referred to in the I reports of the Boards of Inquiry, and he thought I that the House should repose confidence in the | new manager. Mr Longmore thought that without difiicultv | the sanitary arragemonts could he made suffi cient. He did not see why this enormous sum I should be lavished on the railway stock. There | was far more rolling stock than was requirod; and there was no need to rush into extraor- I dinary expense simply because there was a | new mau. The new manager was following " the footsteps of one who had been cashiered. J Had the last three commissioners proposed such an expenditure it would have been f ; scouted. Mr Outtrim suggested that it would he | ■ desirable to discuss the whole item. ■ The Chairman agreed to this course. ; Mr Outtrim said that some of the second | class carriages in the country districts were disgrace. (Hear.) He should like to know, however, whether the colouy was to he com mitted to an expenditure of £Sl,000. He was very dubious as to whether it was necessary to expend £43,500 on the work of replacing old waggons with modern standard stock of greater capacity suitable for carriage of perishable produce and coal traffic. He should like to know how many trucks it was proposed to build in the next three years. If the require ments of the tmfiifl worn .-><T .w. meats of the traffic were falling off where was the necessity for budding COO more trucks. An officer of the department had been bitterly condemned for breaking up trucks. He should like to know whether the same thing was now going on. Mr W. Anderson said we had been extrava gant in the past, hut there was no reason why we should bb mean now. There had been neglect, and carriages were going to ruin for a ' little repair. He was glad to see that the new commissioner recognised the necessity of action. He would -also like to know whether the item carried .with it the expenditure of £S*,000. He fully admitted that more trucks were wanted, and believed that this-would be found out during the forthcoming season. He thought that it would be unfair if members in voting for £75,000 out of revenue were autho- ] the expenditure of £139,000 out of capi tal.. - . - . Mr Styles deprecated the attack on the new manager by Mr Longmore, seeing that Mr Mathieson had been only two months in office, and had not had a ghost of a show. He con sidered that the work for which the expendi ture was proposed was a liighly necessary one. "With regard to the re-laying of the Dimboola line, he would remind the House that the Department was against the employment of light rails, but the House overrode the Depart ment. The committee might, he thought, give the expert a chance of showing what he could do. If he could not manage the lines, why pay him £3500 per annum. Mr M'Coll said that a number of the altera tions proposed were luxuries, in view of the comparatively short distance between the stations. The member for Williamstown did not care whether the railways paid or not, as he was a party mau. Mr Styles roce to a point of order. Mr M"Coll withdrew the observation that Mr Styles was a party man.. . Mr Smith thought it time the second-class passengers should have consideration | seeing that they were all cash customers. He com plained of the unsatisfactory' lighting of the railway carriages, and said that things were much better on the other side of the border. Mr Wheeler agreed to the proposal to ex pend £15,000 for converting first- class bogies into second-class corridor cars. It would be a great mistake if things were to drift and the colony he short of trucks, as was the case some years ago, There would be an increasing coal traffic, which would have to be provided for. (Mr G. Turner: We have provided for twenty five.) - There was 110 doubt that trucks suitable for perishable products would be required, and he thought that the amount asked for was a reasonable and proper oue. -Mr Foster Rogers said tliat previous to the accident on thp Dimboola line a friend of his foretold such an accident, owing to the GOth rails being insufficient for the rolling stock. He supported the expenditure. •.Mr Murphy said that the Commissioner, should be allov* »"d a free baud. He claimed that a fair share of the repairing work should be done at Ballarat, the second city of the colony, as by that means much jealousy would be averted. He considered that the expendi ture should be sanctioned. Mr Levien suggested that the alteration from, first to secoud class carriages might he effected by altering the designation from first to secoud class. He hoped the corridor design would not be adopted, as corridor cars were draughty and uncomfortable. He approved of the pro -"M " « - posal to replace old waggons with those suit able for the carriage of perishable produce and coal traffic. The .Minister of Railways said that the department would not build more carriages than were necessary. After some discussion Sir Baker withdrew his amendment, and the item ivas agreed to. The discussion upon the 3rd clause brought ahout a slight scene between the Premier and Sir M'Coll. The latter wanted some informa tion in regard to the bonus, and moved that it should be paid out of the vote under the till. The Premier said the Government would not accept the motion, as it would tie their Lauds. Mr M'Coll did not consider that was an an swer. The Premier said it was the onlv answer Mr M'Coll would get Mr M'Coll, at the request of the chairman, withdrew his expression in regard to the Premier, who subsequently furnished the de sired information at the request of Mr Levien. i; jThe remaining clauses were agreed to, and the measure reported. The supplementary estimates were passed, and the estimates for the denartniniits nf «... Minister of Education, Attorney-General, and Solicitor-General were similarly dealt with. On the motion for the adjournment of the House, , Mr Higgius wished to know when the Premier would give the House an opportunity ' of deciding definitely upon Hie proposal in re gard to Mr Lascclles and the malice land. The Premier undertook to bring the matter np for consideration 011 Tuesday ovenni"-. At 11.15 the House adjourned. ° 