I 'flic SI aliulupsi Diamond." I A South AFHICAJ." STOBV. i ij A HhvI'EN, IN Chambers' Journal. BT rt I CHAPTER III. oito Staarbrueker was the first wit- I called. He g» evidence w.th at cli arness, and conveyed, with con- laa.e skill, tbe impression of his e reluctance and pain at having Z.. lirnnoht his former fneod into rn hie Only the natural instinct of I Tnroteclion, on behalf of himself and I n sister, and the absolute refusal of the I r Isoiter to ' declare the diamond, had faced him to lake the extreme Btep of I informing the authorities. 0-.e item , tbot an important one, was added I to the evidence tendered by bim Upon the Decision of the prisoner's committal. I ue bad omitted then to state that on I tiro evenings, shortly before his discovery I of the diamond in Farnboroogh's posses- I "on he had seen the prisoner, not far from the house, in earnest conversation (h a native. The time was evening, I nd it was dark, and he was unable to I Dositively identify the ' boy.' This evi- dence, as was suggested by counsel for I the prosecution, tended manifestly to I maple the prisoner with a native dia- mood thief, and thereby to tighten the I damning chain of evidence now being I roundabout him. Staarbrueker suffered I it to be extracted from him with an art altogether, admirable. He had not mentioned tbe fact atthe former hearing, poking it of trilling importance me prosecuting advocate, on the contrary, I exhibited it with manifest care and par- ade, as a most i aiportant link in the case. I jfri, pifee of evidence, it may be at I once stated, was a piece of pure and I iniimous iuventiou on Oito's part, an I afterthought suggested by seeing Frank I once give an order to a native groom. I in the hands of himself and a clever I idrocate It did its work. In cross-examination, Otio Slaar- I brucker suffered very little at the hands 0f the defending advocate, skilful though tbe latter proved himself. The prisoner's I theory (and indeed, perfectly true etory) I of bis, istaarbrucker's, repeated offers of H i prospecting partnership, and of his ultimate rage and vexation npon Frank's refnEaI, lie treated with an amused, I slightly contemptuous surprise. The H mm was a finished actor, sod resisted I ill the assaults of counsel upon this and I other points of the story with supreme skill and coolness The touch of I sympathy for the prisoner, too, was I never lost fight of. Frank Farnborougb, I u be glared fi< reel)' at this facile villain, I reeliog off lie alter lie with damning I effrontery, felt powerless. What could I be do or say against such a man ? To express the burning indigation he felt, I would be but to injure his case the more I litally. With difficulty indeed, while be felt his fingers tingling to be at the I slanderer's throat, be. restrained himself, I « Ottu's calm eye occasionally wandered I to bis, expressing, as plainly as might be for the benefit of all present, its I sympathy and sorrow at tbe onfortonste dtuation of bis former friend. I Tbe next witness called was ' Miss I Nina Staarbrncker.' Again tbere was a manifest sensation. Miss Staarbrncker I was well known in Kimberley, and every eye turned in the direction of tbe door. There was some delay ; at length i passage was made tbroogb the crowded court, and Niua appeared. Before she steps iDto the witness-box It may he well to explain Nina's attitude and feelings from the morning of the day upon which frank's arrest had been made. After cooling down somewhat from the paroxysm of rage and revenge, which had impelled him to tnra traitor npon his friend, and deliver bim' Into lbs none too tender hands of tbe detective authorities, Otto Staarbrncker had suffered a strong revulsion of feeling. He regretted, chiefly for bis own ease and comfort, the rash step he bad taken, and would have given a good deal to retrace it. But the die was irrevocably cast : having chosen his path, he must perforce follow it. Se was well awaro of Nina's friend- ship— kindness be might call it — for Frank ; her sympathy would most certainly be enlisted actively on the young man's behalf immediately upon hearing of his position. At all hazards I she must be kept quiet. Shortly before H tiffin, he returned to the hous=. Calling I Nina into the sitting-room, he shut tbe I door and 6at down. 'Nina,' he said, 'I have somo bad I wwb for you. Don't excite yourself, or nuke s noise, but listeu carefully and I luietly to what I tell yoo,and then we'll pot our heads together and see what is I best to be don p.' I Nina turned palp. She feared some I ®eB6 f disaster to Otto's business, which I hterly, as Bhe knew, had been none too I nourishing. Otto went on. I '' heard, la'e last night, from an I "Bsxpccted quarter, that the detective I PfP'e bad an inkling of an unregistered dnmoud in this house. You know very well what that means. I went to Frank ' Fambotough both late last uight and I Wtly this morning. I begged and ea I boated him, for bis own sake, for all our «»eg, t0 g0 at 0QCe gr8(. tjjjng this ffloruing and hand over and declare the stone. This he refused to do, audio a very insulting way. I had no other course open for my own safety and I 'lul to give the information my- «elf. I am afra;,j maitPrB )lave boon complicated by the discovery that tbe '8 a Beer's stone, nndoubt- B v stolen. Frank is in a temporary "mesR.but we sball be able to get him out of thedifiieolty somehow.' Nina had ottered a low cry of pain at the beginning of this speech. be knew too well the danger, and, as Otto went on, her heart seemed almost to stand still within hfir. ' Oh,' she gasped, what is to be done! What shall we do 1 I must see Frank at once. Surely an explanation from ue both should be sufficient to clear him I She rose as she spoke. My dear Nina ; first of all we must do nothing rasb. We shall no doubt be easily able to get Frank out of tbie trouble. The thing Is, of course, absurd. He has been a little rash— as indeed we all have — that is all. Fur the present you must leave everything to me. I don't want to have your name dragged into the matter even for a day. If there is aoy serious trouble, yon shall be con sulted. Trust to me, and we shall make matters all right' By one pretext or anuthcr, Otto man aged to keep his slater quiet, and to ally her wont fears, until two days after, by which time Frank had been sent for trial and was safely in prison. Nina had meanwhile fruitlessly endeavoured to possess her soul in patience. When Otto had come in that evening and told her die news. ' Why was I not called in evidence,' she asked fiercely. ' Surely I could have done something for Frank. You seem to me to take this matter — a matter of life and death — with very extraordinary coolness. I cannot imag ine why you have not done more. You know Frank is bs ionoceDt as wc are ourselves. We ought have moved heaven to save him this dreadful degradation. What — what can he think of me f I shall go to morrow and see his solicitors and tell them the whole of the facts 1' Next morning, Nina read an acconnt of ilia proceedings in the newspaper, it was plainly apparent, from the report of Otto's evidence, that there was some thing very wrong going on. She taxed her brother with it. ' My dear Nina, be reasonable,' he said. ' Of coarse Frank has got into a desperate mess. I was not going to give myself away, because I happened to know, innocently, that he- had an nn-< registered diamond for two or three days in his possession. I have since found out that Frank knew a good deal more of the origin of that diamond than I gave bim credit for, and it was my plain duty to protect myself.' Tbis was an absolute fabrication, and Nina more thau half suspected it. ' But you were trying to make arrange ments with Frank to prospect the very place tbe stone came from,' said the girl. ' I admit that, fully,' replied Otto calmly. ' But I never then suspected that the diamond was stolen. I imagined it was innocently come by. It was foolish, I admit, and I am not quite such an idiot, after giviog the informa tion I did, to own now that I was pre pared to go in for a speculation with Frank upon the idea of the diamond being an up-country one. Now, cleat ly understand me, not a word must be said upon tbis point, or yon may involve me in just tbe same mesB as Fra-ik is in.' Nina was fairly bewildered, and held her peace. Matters had taken such astounding turns. The diamond, it seemed after all, was a stolen one, and a De Beer's stone to boot ; she knew, not what to think, or where to turn for guidance and information. And yet, something must he done to help Frauk. For the next few days, the girl moved about the house like a ghost, seldom BDeakine to her brother. exceDt to eive tbe barest replies to bis scant remarks. . Several times she was in a mind to go straight to Frank's solicitor and tell her version of tbe whole affair. But then, again, there, were many objections to snch a course. She would be received with great ' suspicion, as au informer from au enemy's camp. After allnost insnffeiable doubts and heartaches,Nina judged it beat to wait until tbe day of trial, and then and there to give her version of the affair as she knew it. Surely (he judge would give ear to a truthful and unprejudiced wi'ness, anxi ous only to save an honest and cruelly misused man ! Surely, surely Frank could and would be saved 1 About a week before the trial, she was subpoenaed as a witness on - behalf of both prosecution and defence, and finally, the day before the terrible day, Otto had along interview with' her npon the subject of her evidence. Her proof be himself bad carefully prepared and corrected with the prosecuting solici tor; excusing bis upon the ground of ilt-bealth and nervousness, but guaran teeing her evidence at the trial. He now impressed upon her, with great solemnity and anxiety, the absolute necessity of her story coinciding precisely with his own. Niua listened in a stony silence and' said almost nothing. Otto was not satisfied, and expressed himself so. « Nips,' he said sharply, Met us clearly understand one anoth< r. My tale is eimple enough, and after, what has occurred— the finding of a stolen dia mond and not ao innocent stono from upjeonntry— I oannot conceal from ray- self that Frauk must be guilty. You must see this yourself. Don't get me into a 'tiness, by any dasigerouB sym pathies, or affections, or feelings of that isort. Be tbe sensible, good sister you always have -been, and, whatever you do, he careful ; guard your longne and brain In court, with tWgrea&et; watchfulness. Bjnmomber, my regulation — your faro- . thpr's repntatinn— is at stake, as well as Frank's!' Nina dared not trust' herself to say much. Her soul sickened within her ; but, for Frank's sake, she must be care ful. Her course on the morrow was fully made up. She replied to Olto : 1 1 shall tell, my story as simply and shortly as possible. In .spite of what you say, I know, and you must know, that Frank is perfectly innocent. 1 know little about the matter, except seeing Frank with the diamond in hie hand that night. You may be quite content, f shall not injnre yon in any way.' Otto Staarbrncker was by no means satisfied with his sister's answer, but it was the best be conld get ont of her. He conld not prevent — it was too late now — her being celled as a witness. Come what might, she was bis sister and never wonld, never could, put him into danger. At last (he time had cntne. Nina made her way, with much difficulty, to the witnesB-box ; steadily took her stand and was sworn. All Kimberley, as she knew, was looking intently and watching ber every gestorp. She had changed greatly in the last few weeks, and now looked, for ber, thin and worn — almost ill. The usnal warmth of her dark beauty was lacking. Orly an ivory pallor vas in her face ; bat her glorious eyes were firm, open and determined, and honesty and troth, men well might tee, were in her glance. She looked once quickly at the two judges and the magistrate sitting with them, and hen- faer eyes met Frank's, and for bim a world of sympathy was in them. Jtdid Frank good and he breathed more freely. Niiia, at all events, wsb the Nina of old. The prosecuting advocate opened tbe girl's evidence quietly, with the nsnal preliminaries. Then very gently he asked Nina if she was well acquainted with the prisoner. Her reply was, ' Yes, very well acquainted.' 'I suppose,' continued counsel, 'I may even call him a friend of yours 1' Yes,' replied Nina, 'a very great friend.' ' Without penetrating unduly into your private affairs aud sympathies', Miss Staarbrueker,' went on the advocate, ' I will ask you to tell the court shortly what you actually saw on the night in question — the night, I mean, when the diamond was first seen by yourself and your brother.' Here was Nina's opportunity, and she took advantage of it. She told plainly, yet graphically, the story of that evening ; she portrayed the amazed 'delight of Frank on the discovery of the stone, his free avowal of his find ; the knife in bis hand ; the open crocodile on the table ; the pebbles previously takeu from the reptile's stomach. She went on with her story with only such pauses as the taking of the judge's notes required. Counsel, once or twice, attempted to poll ber up ; she was going much too fast and too far to please him ; bat tbe court allowed her to complete ber narrative. She dealt with the next two days. Mr. Farnborougb had kept the diamond, it was true. H was pozz'ed to know what to' do with it. He had, finally, announced bis intention of giving it np and declaring it, and he would undoubtedly have done so, but for his arrest. The stone might have been stolen, or it migbt not, but Mr. Farn borough, as all his friends knew, was absolutely incapable of steal ing diamonds, or of baying diamonds, knowing them to be stolen. Hie etone came into his possession in a perfectly innocent manner, as she could and did testify ou oath. As for ber brother's suspicions, she could not answer for or understand them. For two davs. be at all events bed bad none ; she conld not acconnt for his sudden change.- In spite of the judge's cautions, she con cluded a breathless little harangue — for 6be had let herself go completely now — by expressing ber emphatic belief in Frank's absolute innocence. She bad finished, and in her now deathly pale beauty was leaving the box. There was no farther questions asked by counsel npon' either side. Nina had said far too mach for one, and the advocate for the defence judged it wiser to leave such a runaway severely alone. Who knew in what direction she might turn next ! He whispered regretfully to his solicitor : ' If we bad got hold of that girl, by George ! we might have done some go id with her — with a mar tingale and double bit on.' The senior jadgo, as Nina concluded, remarked blandly — for he bad an eye for beauty — 'I am afraid we bave allowed you a good deal too much lati tude, Miss Staarbrueker, and a great deal of what you bave told the court is quite inadmissiable as evidence.' As for Otto, he had stared with open mouth and fixed glare at his sister daring her brief episode. He now heaved a - deep breath of relief, as he watched the judges. Thank God !' he said to himself savagely under his breath, 1 she baa overdone it, and spoilt ber own game- — the little fool !' Nina moved to her seal and sat now faint and dejected, watching with fever ish eyes for tbe -end. Tho run for itiH nmxHcution was soon finished. Three witnesses, experts of welW known reputation and uuimpeachiable character, testified to the fact that the etoue was a De Beer's stone, and by no possibility any other. Evidence was tben put in proving conclusively that the diamond was unregistered. Couuselfor tbe defence . had but a poor case, but he made the best of.it He dwolt upon the uoimpeachihle repu tation of the prisoner, of the utter ijm- probability of his having stolen tbe dia mond, or bought it, knowing -it to be etolen. - There wee not a particle of direct evidence upon these points. " The evidence of experts was never satisfact ory. Their evidence in this case was merely matter of opinion. It was weli known the history of gold and gem finding exceeded in romance the wildest inspirations of novelists. The finding of (he first diamond In Sonth Africa was a case vary much in point.- Why should not the diamond bave come from the Mahalapsi Biver with the other gravel in the belly of the dead crocodile 1 Mr. Farnborougb's friend, Mr Kentburn, wonld prove beynnd doubt that he brought the mummified crocodile from the Mahalapsi River, where he bad picked it np. The greatest offence that could by any possibility be brought home to bis client was that be had this stone in his possession for two days without de claring it ! That was Bn act of sheer inadvertence. The stone wsb not a Griqoaland West stone, and it was a puzzling matter, with a young and inex perienced man, to know qnite what to do with it. If the stone were, as he, conn- eel, contended, not a stone from tbe Cape districts at all, it was an arguable question whether the court bad any lights or jurisdiction in tbis case what ever. Wonld it be contended that a person coming to South Africa,innocently, with a Brazilian or ao Indian diamond in bis possession, conld be hauled off to prison, and thereafter sentenced for unlawful possession 1 Bach a contention would be monstrous ! Tbe great dia mond industry had iii South Africa far to much power already — many men thought. Let them be carefol in farther stretching or adding to those powers — powers that reminded unbiassed people more of the worst days of the Star Chamber or tbe Ioqoirition, than of a modern community. Had the prisoner attempted to conceal tbe diamond 1 On the contrary, be had shown it eagerly to Mr. Staarbrueker and his sister immediately he had found it. That was not of a guilty man I These, and many other arguments, were employed by the defending advo cate in a powerful and almost convincing speech. There were weak points, un doubtedly — fatally weak, many of the spectators thought them. These were avoided, or lightly skated over with consummate aft. The advocate closed his speech by a teaching appeal that a young, upright, and promising career might not be wrecked upon the vaguest of circumstantial evidence. The speech was over; all the witnesses had been called ; I he speeches concluded. The afternoon was wearing on apace, andtheconrt was accordingly adjourned ; the prisoner was put back into jail again, ' and the crowded assemblage flocked into the outer air, tn discuss hotly through out the rest of the evening the many points of this singular and absoibing case. CHAPTER IV. CONCLUSION. Again, as usual in Kimberley at this season, the next morning broke clear and invigorating. All Che- world of tbe corrugated-iron city seemed, after break fast, keen, and foil of life as they went abont their busines. The C«pe swallows flitted, and kawked,and played hither and tither in the bright atmo- phere, or sat, looking Bharply about them, upon the t-lsgraph wires or house- tops, preening their feathers and dis playing their handsome, chestnut body colouring. The great market square was still full of waggons, and long spans of oxen, and of native people, diawn from well-nigh every quarter of Southern Africa. Oat there in the sunlit marketplace stood a man, whoBe strong brain was just now busily engaged in piecing together aud puzzling out the patchwork of thisextraordinarycase. David Ayling, with hiB mighty voice, Scotch accent, oak-like frame, keen gray eyes, and vast iron-gray beard, was a periodical and excellently- well-known Kimberley visitant. For years be bad traded and. banted iu the far interior. His re putation for courage, resource, and fair dealing was familiar to all men, and David's name bad for years been a household word from the Gspe to the Zambesi. Periodically, the trader came down to Kimberley with his waggons nntfir nffop o vaip np fan bnpnf.in UU«H Uiq mawva m the distant interior. Yesterday morning he bad come in, and id the afternoon aud evening he seemed to hear npon men's tongues nothing else than Frank Farnboroogh's case, and the story of the Mahalapsi diamond. Now David bad known Frank for some few years, and bad taken r. liking to him. Several times be bad brought down-country" small collections of skins, and trophies of tbe chase, got together at the yonng man's suggestion. He had in his waggon, even now, some new and rare birds from the far-off Zambesi lands, and the two had had many a deal together. Frank's unhappy plight at once took hold of tbe trader's sympathies, aud the Mihalapri and crocodile episodes tended yet further to excite his interest. Certain suspicions had been growing in his mind. This morning, before breakfast, he badcire- fnlly read aiid re-Tead the newspiper report, of the trial, and oow, just before the -court opened, be was waiting im patiently -until further developments busily ovolviog'in bis Brain. There was a bigger crowd than ever yesterday ; the prisoner and counsel had come iu ; all waited anxiously for the end of the drama. - lu .a few .minutes . the court entered, grave and self-possessed, and the leading judge began to arrange his notes. At that moment, David Ayling, who had ehouldered his way to the fore, etoo1! up and addressed the court in his tre mendous deep chested tunes, which pene- : tinted easily to every corner of tbr chamber. ' My Lords,' be said, ' before yon pro ceed farther, I should like to lay one or two facts before yon — not yet known ir> this rase. They are very important, and I think jq.u should hear them in order that jnstice'may he done, and perhaps an innocent man saved. I have < only just come from the Zambesi and never heard of this trial till late jester- day aernoon.' Two persona, as tbey listened to these words and looked at tbe strong, deter mined man uttering them, felt, tbey- koew not why, instantly braced and strengthened, as if by mighty tonic,. They were Frank, the prisoner, bithertu despairing aud out of heart, and Nina Staarbrncker, sitting at the back of the court, pale and trembling with miserable anticipations. 'You know me, my lord, I think,' went ou David, in his deep Scotch voice. 'Yes, Mr. Ayling, we know you, of course,' answered the senior judge (every one in Kimberley knew David Ayling), and I am, with my colleagues, anxious loget at all the evidence available before completing the case. Tbis is somewhat irregular, bnt, upon the whole, I think you had hetter bo sworo and state what you have to say.' David went to the witness-box and was sworn- ' Tbis crocodile skin here,' he went on, pointing to the skin, which was handed np to him, '.I happen to know very well. I bave -examined it carefully before your lordship came io ; it is small, and of rather peculiar shape,, especially abont tbe bead. I remember- that skin well, and can swear to it; there are not many like it knocking about. That skin was put on to my waggon in Kimberley seventeen months ago, aud was carried by me to the Ma halapsi Biver.' Tbe court had become intensely inter ested as the trader spoke, tbe judges and magistrate pricked up their ears and looked intently, first at tho skin, then at David. 'Go on,' said the judge. ' Well, my lord,' resumed David, ' the skin was put on to my waggon in Febru ary of last year, by Sam Vesthreim, a Jew storekeeper, in a sma'l way in Beacunsfield. There was some other odds and ends put ou tbe waggon, little lots of goods, which I delivered in Bsrkly West But the crocodile skin, Sim Vestbreim said, was a bit of a cario, and he particularly wanted it left at some friend's place farther up-country. I was in a harry at tbe time, and forgot to take tbe name, but Sam said there was a label on the skin. The thing was pitched in with a lot of other stuff, and lay there for a long lime. I lost sight of it till we had got to tbe Mahalapsi Biver, where the waggon was over-turned in crossing. I off-loaded, and the croco dile skin then turned op with the label off. We were heavily ltden ; the skin was, I thought, useless ; we were going on to the Zambeti, and I had clean for gotten where the skin ought It seemed a useless bit of gear, so I just pitched it sway iu tbe bushes, in the very spot ae near as I can make it, where Mr. Farnborough's frieud, Mr. Kentburn, found it, nearly a year later, as he came down-country. That is one remarkable thing. I would like to add, my lord, that tbe Mahalapsi is a dry river, never running except in rains ; and in all my experience, and I bave passed it some scores of times, I never knew a crocodile up in that neighbour hood. Tbe chances of there being any other crocodile ekio in that sandy place and among thnse bushes, where Mr. Kentburn found, this one, wonld I reckon, be something like a million (David pronounced it iiudlion) to one. 'There is one other poin', my lords. Long aftir Sam Vesthrcim delivered tbat skin on tny waggon, I read in the newspapers tbat be bad been arrested for LD.B. — only a few weeks after I saw bim — and sentenced to a term of imprisonment. I have been puzz'iog mightily over this case, and I must say, :the more I think of ir, tbe more unac- couutable e9ems to me tbe fact if Sam Ve8lhreim sanding that' dried crocodile skin up-country. If it had been down- country, or to England, I could under stand it ; but in this earn it seems very much like sending coals to Newcwtle. 1 never Knew mat oam was in cue iu.o. trade till I saw his imprisonment in the paper. I think ho hid rome jeculiar object in getting that skin oat of his house. And I cannot help tbioking, my lord; that Sam Vesthreim, if he could he fonnd, could throw a good deal of light on this crocodile and diamond husinese. Iu fact, I m sure of it Ire quite on the cards, to my thinking, tbat he put the diamond in that crocodile him'self.' , Same questions -were put to the wit ness by counsel for both sides, without adding to or detracting from tbe narra tive in any way. . Tbe court seemed a good deal impressed by David's etory, I as indeed did the whole of the crowded audience, who bad breathlessly listened to its recital. Mr. Fiecknoe, the de tective, was railed, forward. He informed the court that Sam Vesthreim was "now at Capetown under-going a long term of imprisonment. He was"- no doubt at work on the Breakwater. The senior judge was a man of deci sion, and he had quickly made up. his mind After a short whispered consulta tion with his colleagues, he spoke. The turn this case baB taken is so singular, and the evidence given by Mr. Ayliog has imported so new an aspect, that in the prisoner's' interest we are deter mined to have the matter sifted t< the bottom. I.' will adjoarn tbe courl for a week, in order to secure thr convict Vesthreim's attendance here up on oath. Will this day week suit I he convenience of all counsel in this case f Counsel Intimated that the day of adjournment met their viewe, and once more the crowded court emptied. As David Ayling tnrned to leave, he caogbt Frank Farnboropgh'a eye. He gave him a bright/reassnring nod, and a wink which did hint's world of good. Alto gether Frank went back to another weary week's confinement in far better, spirits than he had been for many days. There was, at all events, some slight element of hope and explanation now. And it was refreshing to bim as a draught of wine, to find snch a friend aB David Ayling fighting his battle so stoutly, so unexpectedly. Nina Staarbrncker stole silently out of the court, ooly anxious to get home,- and escape observation. There wetc many eyes upon her, but she heeded them not at a:L Thank God ! there seemed some ray of light for Frank ; for herself,- whether Frank came ont tiinmphantly or no, tbere was no out look, all seemed blackness aod gloom. Otto's part in this wretched bnsioess had made rain of all her hopes. Her brother's treachery bad determined her upon seeking a career of her own — work of some sort— aoy where away from Kimberley ebe mast get, aud get at oncp, so soon as the trial was over, and whatever its result. Once more, in a week s time, the court wore its former aspect the char acters were all marshalled for the Goal act. The- "new addition to the caste, Mr. Samuel Vesthreim, a lively, little, dark-visaged Jew of low type, seemed on the beBt of terms with himself. For more than fifteen months ho had been hard at it on Capetown Breakwater, or road-making upon the breezy heighte ronnd the Cape peninsula — always, of course, under the escort of guards and the unpleasing supervision of loaded rifles — and really he needed a little rest and change. This trip to Kimberley was the very thiDg for him. What slight sense of shame he had ever bad, had long Bince vanished under his recent hardening experiences ; and as the little man looked round the crowded court, he raw tbe well-remembered faces of many a Kimberley acquaintance, and it did bis heart good. He positively beamed again — in a properly subdued manner, of course. The leading judge remarked to the advocates, 'Perhaps it will save the time of all if I put some questions to "this wituess myself.' The suggestion : was gracefully received, and the judge turned to the little Jew, now attentive in tbe witness-bix. ' Samuel, or Sam Vesthreim, you are a convict now undergoing a term of peual servitude at Capetown? I think-?' 1 Yetb, my lord.' 'It may perhaps tend slightly to lessen or mitigate the extreme term of your imprisonment if I receive perfectly truthful and straight-forward answers to the questions I am going to ask. Be very careful, therefore. Aoy future re commendation on my part to the authorities will depend upon yourself.' Yeth, my lord,' answered Sam, in his most serious manner — and he meant it. 1 About seventeen months ago yon were in business in Beaconsfield, were you not? ' Yetb, my lord.' I Do you know Mr. Ayling here ? pointing to the trader. I I do, my lord.' 'Do you remember entrusting Mr. Ayling with some goode about that time to take upcountry ?' ' I do, my lord.' ' Whet were tbey ?' There were three cases of groceries to be delivered in Barkly West, and a crocodile skin to be left at the place of friend of mine near Zeerust, in Marico, TranBvaa).' ' Take that skin in your bands.' The crocoiile was banded np like a baby. ' Do you recognise it f ' Yeth, my lord, that is the identical skin, I believe, that I banded to Mr. Ayling.' ' Now, be careful. Was thero any thing inside that crocodile akin ?' Tbe little Jew saw now exactly which way the cat jumped, and he saw, too, that only the truth could be of use to liirn in the weary days and years yet to come on Capetown Breakwater. The court was hushed, by this time to an ab solute silence. Yon conld have heard almost a fea'her fall. Well, mi lard.' the lit tie Jew rcDlied. ' there toath something inside that cro codile. I had had a little bit of a speculation, and there was a big diamond iuside the crocodile skin. I put it there myeelL You see, my lord,' he went on rapidly, ' I bad been doing one or two little transactions in stones, and I fan- niixl Itinn vu onm.Hiinfr in tho air. and so I pat away tbat diamond and packed it off in the crocodile skin, safe, as I thought, to a frieud in the Transvaal. It was a risk, hot juBt at tbat timB it was the only way ont of the difficutly. I meant to have had an eye on the akin again, myself, a few days, after, bht I Tiod a liftJn HifllAtllhf witll tllA DoltGd and I was prevented.' - As Bam Vesthreim finished, Frank could bave almost hugged him for" the news he brought. An irrepressible murmur of relipf ran round the crowded court, a murmur tbat the usher waB for a minute or two powerless to prevent, The judge whispered to an. attendant. Tbe diamond was produced aud bauded to the Jew.- 'Do you recognise tbat stone ?' said the judgp. ' I do, my lord.' answered Vesthreim emphatically. 'That is the etone I pnt inside the crocodile. I could swear to it among a thousand.' The little man's eyes gleamed pleasurably yet regretfully upon the gem ss he spoke. Here, then, was the mystery of th" fatal, puzzling diamond cleared np. Tbere were few more questions to ask. The little Jew frankly admitted that stone was a De Beer's etone, stolen by a native worker ; there was- little dee to learn. Fraok was a free man, prac tically, as he stood tbere, jaded and worn, yet at least trinmpbant. It was a dear triumph though, only snatched from disaster by the merest chance In the world— the coming of David Ayling. And the tortues, the agonies be had suffered in these last' few weeks of suspense ! He knew -that nothing— the kindly congratulations of friends, the tenderer affection of relitions,the hearty welcome of a well-uigb lost world — none of these good things conld ever quite repay bim, ever restore lo him whst he had lost. In a very few minutes Frank had been discharged from custody. The jndgrs in brief, sympathetic speeches, con gratulated him on bis trinmpbant issue from a very terrible ordeal, and trusted that the applause aod increased respect of bis fellow-citizens wonld in souie alight degTee make np to him for his undoubted sufferings. Frank left the court, arm in arm with David Ayling, whom he could not sufficiently thank for his timely and strenuous assistance. A troop of friends escorted him to tbe Transvael Hotel, where blB health was drank in the hearty Kimberley way with innumerable congratulations. All this was very gratifying, as was the magnificent dinner which a number of friends gave to him a day or two later, at which half Kimberley assisted. But, for the present, Frank desired onlv to bs left severely alone, with the quieter greetings of bis few most intimate friends. He was still half stunned and very unwell ; some weeks or months must elapse before be should be himself again. One of hie first inquiries was after Niua Staarbrncker, whom he wished sincerely to thank for ber brave and honest defence of bim at the trial. He learned, with a good deal of surprise, tbat she had left Kimberley on the morning after the trial, alone. He learned too, with less surprise, that Otto had quitted the town on urgent business in the Transvaal, and was not likely to return for some time: Beyond these bare facts, he could gather little or no thing of Nina and her whereabouts. He rather suspected she bad gone to some relations' near Capetown, but for tbe present her address was undiBcoverable. Very shortly after the result of the trial, Frank Farnborough was granted by his company six months' leave of absence, with fall pay in tbe meantime. It was felt that the yonng man had been injured craelly by bis imprisonment,aod that some atonement was dne to him ; and the Great Diamond Company he served, not to be behind in the generous shake of the hand, which all Kimberley was now anxious to extend to a hardly need man, was not slow in giving practical manifestation of a public sympathy. The stolen stone had been proved a De Beer's diamond, aud Frank, its uufortunate temporary owner, had not only been deprived of a valuable find, but for his innocent ownership bad suffered terribly in a way wbicb no honest man could possibly ever forget. In addition, therefore, to his grant of leave of absence and fall salary, Frank was banded a cheque for five hundred pounds, beinir, rough)/, a half share of the value of the recovered gem. Frank at once set out upon an ex pedition on which he had long fixed his mind — a banting trip to the far interior. His preparations were Boon made, and, a few weeks later, he was enjoying his fill of sport and adventure in the wild country north-east of the Transvaal, at tbat time a veldt r swarming with great game. After three months came the raioB, and with tbe rains, fever — fever, too, of a very danger ous type. Frauk turned hie waggon for the Limpopo Biver, aud, bHU battling with the pestilence, kept up hie shooting so long has he had strength. At last came a time when his drugs were con quered, tbe fever held bim in a death like grip, and he lay in his kartel gaunt, emaciated, weak, almost In the last stage of the disease. The fever had beaten him, and he turned his face southward and trekked for civilisation. The waggons — he had a friendly trader with him by this time — bad crossed the Limpopo and outspanued one hot evening in a tiny Boer village, the most remote of the rude frontier settlements of the Transvaal Republic. Frank, dow iu a state of collapse, was lilted from ' his waggon and carried into - the back room of the onlv store in the olace— a rude wattle and daub shanty thatched with grass. "He was delirious, and lay in high fever all that night. In the morning he seemed a trifle better, but not sensible of those about him. At twelve o'clock he was once more fast in the clutches of reging fever ; his tem- perature ran up alarmingly ; be ramoiea wildly In his talk ; at this rata It seemed that life could not loog support itseU in so enfeebled a frame. Towards sundown, the fever bad left him again ; ho lay in a state of absolute exhaustion, and presently fell into a gentle sleep. The trader, who had fr.ndwi bim day and night for a week, \- > " ' " — / now ftWlut Iv wearied out, emigbt ut« own whyp'iHatidJrrsnt lo'tfe&g; The utoreketprr , h9 jot,tri'd,>Ou1|yj£iiy«ung woman, passing through the pUoe, a goverccfi sou th qr wayiu noma J)«tpl>- luatiVfdrin, W,iohe4 by ih»j eitk two's u. iljilir '/ j .;»¥ It wet about tin houroftr nflSUifgot," ibo Afriogp dt»o had not yt ft .oqme, but the solitary eatidloobrii thiiibt light ; que, wew, UID «U ophuhtu LU urwiuin euddonly -tuore ohlll. The women rosii from bar chair, fetched a, light kuon from tho store, sud epresd it gently over the' nick mail's bed. Then she lifted his bead— it tm a heny task— and «d- tuiuietered eotne brandy and beef-tea. Again the young man slept, or ley in torpo. Presently the girl took hie band | in her right, then ailting close to hie bedside she, with hirlrf', gently stroked hit brow and hair. A eob escaped htr. ! She kiM>d,th« llatru. wasted hand ; then wi h a little cry she half rose, bent horeelf softly and tendeily, several j timra, the brow and the hollow, wasted cheek , of the fevsr-sti token ntsn. As she did at, haste escaped from her eyes and fell geutly, all unherdod, upon Frank's face and piilow, 'Oh, Lijty love, my lorn!' cried the girl in a sobbing wbisper, to thiuk that never again can 1 speak to you, take your hand iu tuiue ! To think that I, who would have died for yon, am now ashamed as I touch you — ashamed for the yile wrong that waa nono you in tuitie nuaeraoie nays. My love, uiy darling, I must now kiss you like a (kief. Our ways are apsrt, and the j imnev — my God — is to long.' Once wore, leaning over the still fig- ute, she kissed Frank a brow, and then, relapsing iuto her obair, cried silently j for awhile — a spasmodic sob now and ; again eriucing the bitter struggle within ; bet. The cold gray of tuoruing cams, and still she sat by the bedside, watch- ; ing intently, unweariedly, each change i of the sick ami's position, every flicker ' of tb» tired eyes, i taring the long bourn of the next : I wo days, Frank lay for the most part i in a topor of weakness. The fever had left him ; it was now a struggle between i death and the balance of strength left I I a vigorous constitution alter such a I bout, $ave for an hour or so at a time, Nfua had sstvr left bis side. . Hers was , ths gentle hand that cooled the pillows, 1 shifted tho cotton Kaflir blanks" s that formed the bedding, Jgave the. required uoutislmeBt, end adwW't ted thqmedi- ( cine. On the evening of the fourth day,, there wore faint syinptotna of recovery ; the weakened taiu seemed : visibly stronger, Oucc or twice he had feebly opened his eyes aud looked ah nit him — apparently '> ithout recogni'iatr of : those at hand. It was it the middle of this night that Frank really become coliseums, lie bad t -ken some nourishment, and after long lying iu a state betwixt sleep and stupor, he awoke to feel a tender stroking of his baud. Presently bis brew wis touched" H ;htly by soft lips. It reminded biui of his mother in years gone by. Frank was much too weak to be surprised at anything, bat be opened his eyes and looked about him. It was trot bis m< ther's face that he saw, as be h«d dreamily ha-f expected, bat the : fac« of one he had come to kuow- airuiet as welt. Cose by him stood NinaS aarhruckac ruuch more wore, much graver, much chauged fiom the sweet, merry, piq-isut girt be bad known so well at Ktrober- ley. But the dark friendly eyre — very loi'itir, yet sad and beseeching, it seemed to him wore dimlr— of the lost days, were still there for bint. Frank opened his pached lips and in a husks voice whispered, 'Nina !' '.Vw,' said ths svot, clear voice he remembsrsd w welt, 1 atu hers, nurs ing yvo. Yoo must not tatk. No, not a word,' as he essayed to speak again, or you will undo all the good that has ' been done. Rest, my darling (I can't help saying it, he said to herself ; ' it will do no harm, and he will never hear it from my lips again) ; s'eep again, and yon wil son be stronger.' Frank was stit! supremely weak, and the vvry presence of the girl seemed to bring peace and repose to his senses. Ha smiled — closed his eyes agdb, arid slept soundly far into the next dav. _ Th«t was the last he ever saw of Nina &arbrtttker.; £$ ferit banished, and although Frank, m .begcew from ivmslwcftics to strength, made many empsims as the months wrort hf, hn 010 »ewr toonwd'.j poitain satts- ' ijtmj tMtnp of ber. ; H» mace heard t»t tie had heen sees to DeUgoa Riy, that was all WVtfcvr in the years to come they will ewe meet again, time a«u van sates arooe caa aay. it aam maatcyfy prohabi-. Africa is vast, and Mtrme eafehr within her honont the sec. tvt of many a tent attre. (TtMEMk) 