The Man Who Was a Liar. ".There dwelt in a certain city a man who was a liar, not only in things where he might be ad- vantaged thereby, but in all; so that it was repor- ted of him that not even to one who asked what hour it was, or to a stranger that inquired of him the way, would lie speak the truth. And when he saw that he was justly despised for a liar, so that none would willingly deal with him, and his hUBiness was marred, he essayed to mend his way, hut could not, for he was full of lies, and when he opened his mouth he uttered them. Now upon a day he went to worship in the tem- ple of his god, and prayed that this his manner of lying might he taken from him, though it was not for any love of truth that he desired this, but for his own profit. And immediately the ground trembled whereon he stood, and all the pillars of the temple quaked; and out of the inmost shrine was a voice, se.ying: "As thou hast prayed, so shall it be unto thee. Heroafter the thing that thou speakest shall be the thing that is." Then the man went his way, and came to his own house. Now it chanced that he had á mule, which was slow-paced and ill to ride, and of so curst a tem- per that he who harnessed it had need be wary, le>st it should bite, or strike him with its feet. And hearing that one of his neighbors sought to buy a mule, he bethought himself to sell him this beast. , So going to the house of his neighbor he said ; that he had a good mule which he would sell him cheaply. It went' swift and smoothly, he said, and was, moreover, of such gentleness that his children played with it. And he set him a price for it, which was not great for so good a beast as lie would have it to be. Then his neighbor said to him, "I will come and see thy mule, and if I like the bargain I will buy it at thine own price." So they went toge- ther into the court of the man's house, and found there the n\ule, that had got loose from its Btall,. and the children were playing with it, climbing . Ita lega, and pulling it by the tail, while it dealt tenderly with them, and did them no harm at all. Then they saddled the mule, and the neighbor having mounted, it went with him both softly and swiftly, so that he was pleased, and bought it gladly; and he took it with him to his bouse, say- ing to himself, "I hear of many that" this man is a liar, but this thing at least he has spoken truly, when he said that he would sell me a good mule cheaply." But the seller of the beast was both grieved and ? angry that he had let the ether have so easy a bargain, and when the lad returned whom he had sent with his neighbor to bring him back the saddle and bridle of the mule, he vented, as men will, his anger upon him who had done no wrong, Chiding the lad for that he had made no better speed. And at last, striking him sharply with the palm of his hand, he bade him go his ways for a dog and son of a dog. So the lad ran weeping to his mother, who was the cook, and presently, when it was dinner time, the master wondered that none came to serve; and when he had called twice or thrice without answer, he went down himself into the kitchen, and found there neither the woman nor the boy, but a grey bitch lying before the fire, and a pup that played round her, biting her tail and ears. For in this also the thing that he spoke had be- come the thing that was. Not many days later it chanced that the man was bidden to feast with certain of his kindred, and being inclined to stand well with him that was the giver of the feast, he greatly praised both the meats and the wine; saying that kings had no better. Now, before this speech of his, none had noted any such especial goodness of them, though indeed they were well enough, but after it, all were arrayed at their excellent delicacy, and one said, "Our friend says truly, for not even at the King's table have I dined more nobly." After dinner they waxed merry, and to bet- ter their mirth one of those present, being a witty fellow, both sang songs and spoke jests that were exceedingly diverting. Then he of whom the tale telleth, when he had laughed till he was weary with laughing, said, "Forbear, I pray thee, for if thou speak but one such other jest I die of laughter," and the fellow, fairing this for praise, went on to speak a yet merrier conceit than any he had as yet spoken. But as soon as the man heard it, he gave one great laugh, and therewith fell back choking, and gave up the ghost. And when the spirit was gone out of him, it went down death's ways dolefully, and beheld things not lawful to be uttered. At last, when it already appeared thàt an ill doom was upon him, such as was meet for his lying and other mis- deeds, he said within himself, "Surely this ls no- thing else than an evil dream, from the which I shall speedily awaken." With the word, he was again in the body, and sitting up, remained some while where he was, but laughed no more, nor continued very long in company, but excusing himself, went away to his house. . And so long as he lived thereafter he spoke but little, and that circumspectly, as one unwilling to say more or less than was true; so that before he died his word was as much esteemed as aforetime it had been lightly regarded. His counsel also, and his judgment in hard mat- ters, were sought of many, for it was noted of him that ever the thing he spoke was the thing that C. P. 