im MAINE. ... CAPTAIN CHARLES KING (U.S.A.), Author of 'The Colonel's Daughter,' 'Be- \- . tween. the lAnes,' &c.; CHAPTER TV.— (Continued.) And tliat one thing was that Will had ap plied for aud would hear of no other regi ment in all the army than that at the head of which his father had died— the Twelfth Cavalry, and no one could understand, and Mrs. Farrar couldn't explain, how it was— ivby it Tra& that that at all others was the oue she had vainly hoped he 'would not choose. He was wild with joy and enthu siasm when at last the order came, and vriih beaming eyes and ringing voice he read aloud, ' 'Twelfth regiment of cavalry, Cadet Will Duncan Farrar, to be second lieutenant, vice Watsou, promoted, Troop C Leale's troop, -Queen Mother— blessed old Malcolm Leale! What more could 1 ask or you ask? What captain in all the line can match him? And J^itty's uncle in command of the regiment and post! Just thiBl- of it, Madre dear, and you'll all come out and we'll have grand Christmas times at Frayne, and we'll hang father's picture ov-ff the mantel and father's sword. I'll wire Leale this very minute, and write my respects to Fenton.' What's he like, any way, mother? I can't remember him at all —nor can Kitty.' « But Mrs. Farrar could not tell. It was years, too, since she had seen him, 'but he was always a faithful friend of your father, Will, and he wrote me a beautiful, beautiful letter -when we came away.'/ And bo, late in September the boy lieu tenant left his mother's arms, and followed by her prayers and tears and blessings, was borne away westward to revisit scenes that w^re once familiar as the old barrack walls at West Point. Then it required long days of travel over rough mountain roads to reach the railway far south of the Medicine Bow. Now the swift express train landed him at the station of the frontier town that had grown up on the site of the prairie dog vil lage he and his pony had often 'stampeded' in. the old days. Here at the station, come to meet the son of their old commander^ ig noring the fact that the new-comer was but the plebe lieutenant of the Twelfth, were the ruddy- faced old colonel and Will's own troop leader, Captain Leale, both heartily, cordially bidding him welcome, and com menting not a little on his stalwart build ana trying hard not to refer to the very downy moustache that adorned his boyish lip. And other and younger officers were there to welcome the lad to his new station, and huge was Will's comfort when he caught sight of Sergeant Stein, the veteran stan dard-bearer of the regiment, and that su perbly punctilious old soldier straightened up like a Norway pine and 6aluted with rigid precision, and hoped the lieutenant was well and his lady mother and Miss Far rar. 'There's nothing,' thought Will, 'like the discipline of the old regiment, after all,' as the orderly came to ask for the checks for the lieutenant's baggage, and all went well until the luckless moment when the colonel and Leale, with some of the elders, turned aside to look at a batch of recruits sent by the same train, and Farrar, chatting with some of his fellow- youngsters, was stowing his bags in the waiting ambulance, ana there in the driver Wall recognised Sad dler Donovan's freckle-faced Miekey, with , whom he had had many a hunt for rabbits in the old, old days, and then an unctuous, caressing Irish voice fairly blubbered out: 'Biven save us. if it isn't really Masther I Wiil!' and there, corporal's chevrons on his I brawny arms, was old Terry Rorks, locking I wild, to embrace him, and even as Will, half I ashamed of his own shyness, was shaking hands -with this faithful old retainer of his father's household in years- gone - by, the squad of recruits came marching past. The third man from the front, heavily bearded, with a bloated, ill- groomed face and restless ly glancing eyes, gave a quick, furtive look at the new lieutenant as ihe passed, then stumbled and plunged forward against his file leader. The squad was thrown into mo mentary disarray. The sergeant, angered at the mishap at such a time, strode quickly up to the offender and savagely muttered: 'Keep your eyes to the front, Graice, and j-ou won't be stumbling up decent men's backs,' and the little detachment went briskly on. 'I thought I'd seen that man before,' said Leale an instant later, 'and no^ I know it —and I know where.' ' CHAPTER V. , The winter came on early at old Fort Frayne. Even as early as mid-October the ice was forming in the shallow pools along tho Platte, and that eccentric stream itself had dwindled away in volume until it seem ed but the ghost .of its former self. Raging and ucfordable in June, swollen by the melt ing snows of the Golorado peaks and the torrents from the Medicine Bow, it spent its strength in the arid heat of a long dry sum mer, and when autumn came was mild as a mill stream- as far as the eye could reach, and fordable in a dozen places within rifle shot of the post. Many a time did 'old Fen ton wish it wasn't. Frayne's reservation was big and generous, but, unluckily, it never extended across the river. Squatters, smugglers, and sharpers could not intrude upon its guarded limits along the southern shore, and the nearest groggery— that inevit able accompaniment of the westward march of civilisation — was a long two miles away down the right bank, but only a pistol shot across the stream. In his day Farrar had 'waged war against the rum-sellers on the ftorth shore and 'won, because 'then there 'were only soldiers and settlers and no lawyers — outside the guard house—within ninety miles of the post. But with the tide of civilisation came more set tlers, and; a cattle iown, and lawyers in abundance, and ?with their, coming the ques tion at issue became no longer that of. ab stract right or -wrong, but -how a jury would decide it; and a frontier jury always decides in favor of the squatter and against the sol dier. Fe-nton strove to take pattern after Farrar and very nearly succeeded In landing himself in gaol, as the outraged vendor went down to ;. Laramie, hired lawyers there, ewore out- warrants of assault and appealed to his countrymen. The fact that no less than foiir of the Twelfth within six months had died, with their boots on, victims of tie ready knives or revolvers of the squatters across tJhje' stream, had no bearing in tae eyes of fhb law. Fenton had warned the j divekeeper (a. dozen times to no purpose, but I when finally Sergeant Hannifin was set upon and murdered there one fine April evening ?within easy vange and almost within hearing of Ms comrades at Frayne, Fenton, broke I loose and, said impetuous things, whieii. ! reached the ears of hie men, who went «n-l did things equally impetuous, to the demoli tion of ttferffchack' and the destruction -'-*f : its stock of spirits and gambling parapher nalia, and it 'was proved ^o -the ^atisfaction of ?tfae- jary/'4&iat;:?^tD^'''dftt';ii^:iii^pbe9: to stop the-xow until', It iad burned itself and The r: '.'^hft^k'' Inside oat. T3» people rallied to the snpport-of .the saloonkeeper— be, at least, .was a map and a brother, a voter, and, when. he. couldn't lie. out 'of ttjr a taxpayer. The officers at Frayne, on the other hand,' in the opinion of the citizens of that section of Wyoming, were none of the four, end Bunko Jim's ne^w resort across the I Platte was a big improvement 'in point i of I size, titough not in stock or sanctity, over I its predecessor. Jim ran a ferryboat for the I benefit of customers from the fort It was I forbidden to land on the reserraUon, but I did so, nevertheless, when the sentry on the I bluff couldn't eee, and sometimes, it mast be ownea, when Jte.'&niliL; ' Tfce boat was used vrben Hie water *raa fcigfc* the fords ^hea it was low, and the ice when it was frozen, and It was a curious thing in winter to see now quickly the new-fa31en snow would be^ eeamed with paths leading by devious routes fron: the barracks to the shore and then across the ice-boun'd pools straight to Bunko Jim's. Bowing, as became tine soldier of the republic, to the supremacy of the civil law, Fenton swallowed the lesson, though he did not the whisky, but Jim had his full share of customers from the fort, and tine greatest of these, it soon transpired,, was the. big re cruit speedily known throughout the com mand as 'Tough Tom' Graice. Joining the regiment at the end of Septem ber, it was less than a month before he wajs as well, though not as favorably, known as the sergeant-major. There is more than on© way of being conspicuous in the 'mili- tary service, and Graice had chosen the worst. Even the recruits who came with him from the depot, the last lot to be ship ped from that once-crowded garner of 'food for powder,' could tell nothing of his antecedents, though they were full of grue some details -. his doings since enlistment. He was an expert at cards and billiards,' said they— for they had found it out to their, sor row — and a demon when aroused by drink. Twice in. drunken rage he had assaulted comparatively inoffensive men, and only the prompt and forcible intervention of comrades had prevented murder on the spot, while the traditional habit of the soldier of telling no tales had saved him from richly merited:' pur.ishment Within the month of h'is arri val Graice had made giant strides to noto riety. He was a powerful fellow, with fine command of language and an education far superior to that of tine general run of non commissioned officers, and. it was among the younger set of these he first achieved a cer tain standing. Professing to hold himself above the private soldier, proving himself an excellent rider and an expert in drill with carbine or sabre, he nevertheless de clarea it was his first enlistment, and gave it to be understood that a difliculty with the sheriff, who sought to arrest him,. had been the means of bringing him to the temporary refuge of the ranks. For the first few weeks, too, he drank but little, and wear ing his uniform with the ease and grace of one long accustomed to. the buttons, and be iu£ erect and athletic in build, he presented a very creditable appearance. The bloated, bloodshot look ne wore on his arrival, the result of much surreptitious whisky en route, passed somewhat away, and it was only when one studied his face that the traces of intemperance, added to the sullen brows, and shifting, restless eyes, banished the claim to good looks that were at first accorded him. From the first- however, the old sergeants and such veterans among the corporals as Terry - Rorke, looked ask am*e at Trooper Graice. 'Another guard house lawyer,' said the first sergeant of Leale's troop, as he disgustedly received the adjutant's notification of Graice's assign ment. 'Another wan of thim gaol birds like Mr. American Blood, the newspaper pet,' said Rorke in high disdain. 'We'll have a cir cus with him. too, as they had in the Eleventh, or I'm a Jew. Where have I seen that sweet mug of him before?' he added, reflectively, as he watched the new comer surlily scrubbing at his kit, and the new-comer, glancing sideways at the Irish corporal, seemed to read Ms thoughts, al though too far away to hear his muttered words. It was plain to every man in 'C' troop that there was apt to be no love lost between Terence Rorke and 'Tommy the Tough.' And there was another still who wore the simple dress of a private soldier, whose eyes, black, piercing, and full of expression, were constantly following that new recruit, and that was the Sioux Indian, Crow Knife, a youth barely nineteen years of age. He had been a boy scout before the days of the gho9t dance craze. A valued and trusted ally of the white soldiers, he had borne dis p^iebes up to the very moment when Kill Eagle's mad-brained ultimatum drove his band into revolt and launched them on the warpath. With them went Crow Knife's father and motiier, and the boy rode wildly in pursuit. ' He was with them, striving to induce his mother to abandon the village, when the warriors made tlieir descent on the ranches of the Dry Fork, and* later, when Farrar's fierce attack burst upon them like a thunderbolt through tlie snowclouds. Seizing his mother in his arms, the boy had shielded and saved her when Lease's venge ful men rushed- upon the nearest Indians, when unquestionably, yet unavoidably, some squaws received tlieir death wound in the fu rious fight that followed Farrar's assassina tion. Recognised and rescued by his former friends, Crow Knife went back to Frayne when tfae brief but bloody campaign was ended, and then was sent to the Indian schtol at Carlisle. Returning in the course of three years, he Jiad been enlisted in 'what was left of tie Indian troop of the Twelfth, and was one of the few of his tribe who really made a success of soldiering. By the autumn of this eventful year Crow Knife's comrades were rapidly being discharged and returning to their blankets and lodge life at the reservation, or hanging alwut the squalid, cattle town across the river. Crow Knife, sticking to his ' cavalry duty and showing unlooked-for devotion to his officers, ?was regarded by the Twelfth as an excep tional case, and was made much of accord ingly. 'What do you think of that fellow, Crow?' asked Corporal Horke one day as lie wateb ed the expression in the Indian's- face. 'You don't like ihim any more than I do. What's the reason?' l 'There is a saying among my people,' was the answer, in the' slow, measured tones of one wno thought in another tongue, 'eyes that cannot meet eyes guide hands, that, strike foul. He-that-staibs4n-the-dark is the name we give such as that man.' 'D'ye know him, Crow? Did y© never see Mm?' persisted Terry. 'Ever since ttie day he came the captain has had his eye on him, and so have you, and so have I. I can't ask the captain, but I can you. Wthere have you seen him before?' Exit Crow Knife shook his head. 'I can not- remember ihis face. It Is his back I seem to know. My . people say that way they see their enemies.' And so Rorke could find no satisfactory solution of the ever-vexing question. Twice or thrice he accosted Graice .and strove to draw him into talk, but the newcomer'feeem ed to shut up like an oyster in the presence of the Irish corporal; a. great contrast to the joviality he displayed when soliciting com rades to take a hand at cards.. The recruits had hardly any money left. - Graice had won what little there vpas on the way to Frayne, and now h» ihad wormed his way into the gambling set that is apt to be found in every fort— all comers who ihave money being welcome — and for' e. .few weeks for tune seemed to-smile upon the neophyte. He knew, be protested, very little of any game, but played for 'fellowship and. fan. Then he kept sober wihen others -drank, and so won, and then came accusations of foul play and a row, and the barracks game was bro fteaa ,^,~ onjy. to/be resumed at night in the resort ecross the PJatte,, and there -whisky was plenty, apd e» were the players, and there Graice began to lapse into intemperate spay^-aiid /byihe tinfe the long, long jatehis djCv:December -came, Ijis reputation as a 'tp'ugh' was established throughout the gar ijaon. ?AJi.-.ibfit-'iiaawB^or i biir of ine most dissolute members of pie command had cat loose from' him entirdy, & matter he ?re- gretted only, .because gay 'day ' was at hand — ;h© ^soldlfers;. would ^n kaye mone^iitv plenty for »rf«w.^or%^v?eHs^ioirf«^^^ egriattenf apd '«etQeias had none Tyiiil |£e soldiers were 'sttapped;' pod J?6 Graicfi and ?three or four Ishmaelitea like unto himself were left to the concentration of brutality to b& I Wind In ofir ^otiier^i jsjKdety. _ ' ?' '?? Clto toe flOTttaue-U) ,-. v. ?,.;?;' ?? . / .' . .'1 . ? ' :'. v - . '' ? '' 