NEW NOVELS. The Vanished Emperor, by Percy Andrew (Ward, Lock, and Bowden Limited. London, New York, and Melbourne), is a bold tod j ingenions attempt to blend contemporary history end politics with fiction. The chief j personages and countries of the romance art, as the writer frankly admits, all ««iiy { recognisable nnder their slightly disguised \ names. Tlie Emperor Willibald of Arminii,' for instance, ia the Emperor William of j Germany, the Duke of Cawbermere ia the I Dake ot Cumberland, Prince Ottomarck ii | Prince Otto TOO Bismarck, Count Capriciol j is Connt Gaprivi, Franconia is France, j Noveria Hanover: Berolingen Berlin, ba, The Btory opens with the mysterious diaap> pearance ot the Emperor Willibald. Tde> grams appear in the London paperl announcing this inexplicable event, and although tbe Aminian Government and press do their beat to minimise the incident it j becomes at length impossible any longer to conceal it. Week* elapse and the Emperor iB still absent, and no one has the faintest j idea of what has become of him. j The conjecture moat generally entertained il that His Majesty's disappearance ii coin nected with a revolutionary movement in j Noveria having for ita object the restoration j of the Duke ot Cnmbermere, who had bees j dispossessed of his throne by the events of j 18G6. It is thought that possibly thai Emperor may have fallen into the hands of] hia enemies, and be detained by then iaf captivity. In the meanwhile tbe situation in j Arrainia grows more mtiona every day. 18 j the absence of its Imperial head the Govern'] ment is paralysed, and uncertain what todfr j The Emperor's brother, Prince Heniy, de-j clines to undertake the duties of regent, thoj Federal Council of prinoea resolves to hold t | meeting in ^btingen tnd elect one of itf I number as ipting emperor, and the tl'J Chancellor, rpjice Ottomarck, visits Berlin f and is enthusiastically received by thjj populace.' The insurrectionary movement aj Noveria gains ground. The inhabitants ojj the Arminian oajftal clamour for emperor, and threaten to P« the Federal Council frptn choosing » c-saor. Fraijoonia makes arrogant demina in connection witih lost provinces, r "Russia steadily mawes her forces on ' frontier. Arminia. is threatened alike W revolution and civil war and by enemies, while all Europe seems to he j the eve of a general outbreak. Drawn, their OWgJJJtT ton, apgigl who, from bisnnrivaHed i^owledge^ - j pean politios and <eoottt;> is belterei^^l the onljr man capable of solvmg w^^ j inglyirsoloMe problem- Sir that bis abilities have not l«n# his diplomatic gaining l led^/pf fegfe hJ? f sooo&djp; hlspiission, despite the^ P'aoed in his wsybjr Ca prides, theChaV^Hor, * theory of tirt Eoopaor's disappp is with diffibnliy pewoatM. ga^ering i^ Amint* wi Jodont JM lapiff '''-' '. '"1 g!r=-.. (his is, but it may perhaps be t0 hint wna ^ ^ tjjftt the old diplomatist perffli^1- e ^ ^ t()porJr of human nature i0 a, ^'!hp Duke of Wellington, who, when j,eldfaytn <iiat one of hiB office rswaa in C"S'd .!«.».* "Wh.ti.h,r tron^' The yaw shed Emperor is a capital »«®e- . ork both in conception and in piece oi . ConiaJtoris Legacy: A Chronide of r ,h Country Byways, by Henry Johnston Sw CM. wtob >?» ton «"t to tiv Messrs. George RobertBon and Co., is °! Sent story of Scottish life and 8" e The plot turns on .an eccentric fbr°by which the testator's property is heqneatbed in equal proportions to his brother, who is a widower; the child widower, a little girl; and Miss Cowie, Ldanehterof a neighbouring farmer ; bnt Sh the proviso that if either George Con «ilton or Bell Cowie marry anyone else all the property goes to the other. Hence the Lniary interests of both the legatees would be promoted by their marriage with one another, which was what the testator de sired George Congalton, however, is a Ln of the world and an enterprising journalist, while Bell Cowie is merely 1 buxom rustic wench, who thinks a man of thirty-live is old, and is already half in Jove wilb Willie Mitchell, a yonne farmer. Mrs. Cowie, Bell's mother, is one of the best drown characters in the book. She j8 a worldly-minded woman, and is deter mined, if possible, to secure for her daughter the whole of Dr. Conga J ton's money. Her tiaiueavres with the object of bringing about a match between Bell and George Congalton, and them inner in which she dominates her slow-witted husband, are amusingly deBciibrd. The minor characters, Isaac Kilgour, Janet Iiet, Nan I'iukerton, Arc., are drawn with much truth and humour, and the tone of the Jw)k is throughout genial and pleasant. Mr. James Puyn long ago established his reputation as an expert and entertaining storyteller, llisnew book, 'The. Disappear ance of George Driffdl (Smith, Eider, and Co.). received from Messrs. Melville, Mullen, and Slade, shows that be can still excite the reader's interest and compel his attention ?by a skilfully woven plot, abundant inci dents, and naturally drawn characters. The groundwork of his story, the sudden and nnaccountable disappearance of a prosperous business men and head of a family, is not | ne<r either in fiction or in real life, and the same may be said of the reason for such itrangecondnct;in the case of George Driffell, bnt Mr. Payn contrives to give a good deal of novelty to a somewhat hackneyed situation by his manner of treating it. The sketches of university life and journalistic txperience and the love affairs of the young men and women are agreeably described, and the detective who is introduced to assist in solving the mystery is m -rely a shrewd tnd experienced inan of the world, and not one of the pret maturally gifted individuals of recent fiction from whom no secret can long remain hidden. On tke Verge and Rwst. of Odd, two volumes of short stories by Francis Prevoat, hive been Bint to us by Ward, Lock, and and Bowden. Thpy showtondoubfed ability, especially in the delineation of rather morbid characters and moods. One or two of them, notably "A Ghost of the Sea"and " Derelict" deal with the terrible remorse and retribution that may follow from heartless trilling with a wman's affections. The question, however occurs, would Dick Melton and John Ser Mt, wbo suffer so deeply from a morbidly sensitive conscience when they come to mow the sad ccnaeqaences of their conduct, acted In the way they did T Or, to re wrse the question, would men who behaved with such callous indifference to a woman's ngs have suffered such severe pangs of wnorseaa to drive both to suicide, even, as a the one case, after a course of distressing ^.nations? There seems an incon! Jtoicy here that requires clearing up. All °T? l,reat of the relations between the if "'a"d the* 8h<JW » good deal of subtlety, tf tomeumes eccentricity. One feels in «ften JL a8 do. n,i human beings . m this wayward manner, Jr u !ove such a dismal and tragic SPM "PPeara in Mr. Pre vest's pages? «S Shi met,me8 he write- with foroe othen he into "I tamp!? ? obscurities such as these *»« oontemptuow ^PerfidiMa !'p.8." "Imet ihe lady of h&d; to. . eraI t,naet that summer, and telle aa wfr . inde* of h« 111 the added mi£ '14 came to peeted rirh» con acy that an unsus ^qnitewT 0015 Pwwst Cn°^ *° bt>»bte10 dl* '"tag art IS ^^tieaof^le, where "" "eased more for their «m»d than for their sense. It la to be feared that Mr. I George Meredith, in his later bookB, is a i good deal responsible for the conceits and < affectations of some of our younger writers. " A Humble Enterprise," by "Ada Cam- i bridge " (Ward, Lock, and Bowden), haa < the one conspicuous merit which has made that well-known author an acceptable writer of Australian stories, and the absence of which has led to the failure of many other competitors. This is a certain breezy fresh ness of manner which suggests, though it does not imply, easy writing, and which certainly makes easy reading. Without this characteristic the author would hardly have been able to construct anything very readable out of the slender materials used for this tale of Melbourne life. The courageous struggle of a family with some pretensions to gentility to support them selves and their self-respect alike when left in straitened circumstances, and the ap pearance of the knight who is to' reward after her deserts the spirited heroine who is the leader -in this tussle against the world-this constitutes all there is of plot. But the Bubject is deftly.handled, the dia logue is smooth and appropriate, and the characterisation clever. It is aasy to feel interested in the sensible winsome Jenny Liddon; Anthony Churchill is better ilesh and blood than the hero of many a court ship; both Maude and Mrs. Oxenham are well- defined and well-drawn types of character. The tale has one or two of th'e imperfections from which the work of few lady novelists. is free. They occur chiefly when the authoress is engaged upon the congenial task of sugaring the love passages. It is a back-handed compliment, for ex ample, for a man to speak to a girl of her "dear little eyes." And the writer lias not been over careful in her proof-reading. When Bhe speaks on p. 110 of "the man in 'Punch' who was prevented getting married by his love for a domesticated life," she forgets that she has made the same pleasantry do duty upon the lips ot her hero not many pages earlier. These are but minor blemishes, however, in a prettily told story. 