FIRST MAN I: A BRAVE DEED. Among the many negro nations, dif fering widely f:-m one another in speech and physique, who obey the rule of the White Queen, as she is termed through out the West African littoral, there are none more remarkable In thelr manners and customs, nor.harder -to manage, than the tribes who inhabit-the limitless swamps and little -known forests of the Niger delta. They, are all men, of huge stature, with arms and chests splendidly developed. by constant labor at the paddle for they practically live in their dug-out canoes, but with the weak lower limbs of the negro. A little while ago, King Shaillu of Hioba, riot having the fear of the Government before his eyes, and disregarding what had -hap pened when the strong-hold'of the river pira to Nana went down before the wrath of the Protectorate: built himself a strong stockade around his city of mud walledihuts, and took counsel with his Ju-Ju men as to how he might ost easily acquire power and riches, and make a name fdr himself, -as did his fathers before the coming of -the white men. Soon afterwards mutilated corpses of unfortunate- .slaves commenced to draft down the rivers'with every fresh et, and inland traders, arriving at the scattered coast factories. told; strange tales of men buried alive among the I foundations of new houses or stockades. At last it was dotermined that Shailli Silently file; by file,. with scarcely the crackling of a twig or the rustling of a leaf ton mark their passage, the Yo rubas moved donn the steeps banli for they had been trained in forest warfare from childhood, and had held their wild land with spear-blade and flintlock gun against the fierce tribes of tlihe-Western Soudan and the Arab raiders from - the northern desert. -Captain 'Cranton watched them flitting like ghosts through the shadois; and abused the clumsiness of his siubaltern. -who tore his way noisily with nervous haste through eveary obstacle, until he heard their feet sucking in thessoflmii-e. Pre sently there was a splashing by the edge of the ford; then the sound melted into the gurgle of he river, and the last dim figure di'appitared into a drifting cloud of mist. "Get on there, this is no time for rest,- said .the.Captain as the leading files lialted; and he hurried . forward only to sink breast deep in a steep-sided hollow, and to wonder if they had blun dered and lost the track across the ford. While he hesitated there was another roar of flintlock guns and a shower of jagged potleg sang past overhead and splashed along the. surface of the river. A. Yoruba dropped his rifle- with a splash;. and clutching at hit side col lapsed, ailmp hesi -Into the stream. -A comrade dashed.forward, but it was,too late; thiere was a choking gasp, and writh an oily. guirgle the niuddy current closed over a ghastly fac6, and thieYorubawas. gone. The soldiers stared at orie.another for a- moment, and a- few of the Snider butts came home to the shoulder with a rattle, hut Captain Cranton said sternly, 'The man is dead; the first who fires without my order dies also. Forward there!" Then, with - set teeth. the Yorubas went.'ahead, floundering and splashing, struggling- shoulder' deep - against the power of the stream with uplifted rifles, while. the sickly Doctor gasped for breath as he was half carried, half dragged, wildly through the water. Just as-they- came dripping out. of the river, a long trail - of fire streamed upwards across the midnight sky, and - a deto nating rocket. burst into a cloud':. of crimson stars far overhead, , to show .that.the.landward gate had gone down before the attack of the flanking party. While the evil-smelling vapor was still eddying and drifting along the face of the stockade, with a yell the Yoru bas rushed forward, stumbling and blundering over shattered logs and glowing cinders, half choked by the sickening odors of the explosive, and swept down the main street of the vil lage, driving the river-men before them at the bayonet-point like a flock of frightened sheep. Some one had hurled a blazing torch into a hut, and the roar ing flame leaped forth from' thatch- to thatch, throwing a lurid light on the crowd of naked figures flying for their lives between the lines of mud-walled huts,or scaling the palisade andflinging themselves over into the darkness out side. Dripping with perspiration, and scarcely visible through the stifling smoke-wreaths, Captain Cranton dash ed along at the head of his tnen, swing ing, his revolver and threatening, in hoarse breathless gasps, all kinds of penalties on the man who fired without his order; for he knew if the Yorubas once got beyond control there would be no human being left alive in the town. While the doctor wondered what he should do, a chorus of yells, hisses, and whistles rose from behind a cluster of huts, and presently a handful of black soldiers came into sight, giving way slowly before a wild mob of naked river men. There was no time to load or fire. Spear-heads and the brass-bound butts of the trade guns rattled anlid crashed among gleaming bayonets and brown Snider barrels, for the Yorubas were fighting desperately as they went. four of them bearing what appeared to be a shapeles heap of tattered karki uniform upon a layer of woven palm fibre, torn out from the side of some headman's house. "Stop them-stop them-one time !" shouted the doctor, but his men needed no telling. With the aild shout of the northern raiders ringing out above the clash of spear and rattle of Snider butts they drove forward, and as the bright steel filled up the narrow way the foe were held In check for a fea- moments. Staggering up to the side of the rough litter, Surgeon atarsland felt the grasp of the big Yoruba sergeant on his shoulder, and heard a voice in his ear: "Officer man live for die. Sah; river man citop him aith spear. Say, carry me-first through stockade, alive or dead." "Never mind what hIe said, let me get at him. For heaven's sake keep those brutes back, he's bleeding to death," shouted the doctor, shaking off the grasp and bending down over the still form. Young Liscombe feebly raised his head."Good-bye, I'm about finished; but I was first man in." he gasped. TWithout a word tite doctor slit the tunic from the arm, and arenched open his instrument case as he saw the briglht blood pulsing in jets from a severed artery. "Oh, for ta-o minutes, just tao minutes!" ne groaned, as he slipped a rubber tourniquet around the white skin; but even as he did so, the crowd of river-men surged madly forward: there a-s a clash of bayonets and spear heads, and thougih the Yorubas parried and luntged desperately they staggered and yielded ground before the dead weicht of numbers. Never turning his ees, the doctor went quietly on witi his woric, in a grim race to save his comrade's life. Just as the thick rubber, biting into the firm flesh, choked down the spurting blood, the Yorubas broke away, and a huge naked river-man swung a gleam ing matchett back to the full sweep of his right armtodelivertheresistless cut the West African know-s so well at the doctor's head. Almost instinctively Surgeon Mlarsland closed his eyes. Then he felt himself hurled on one side as somethling rushed past him, and, glanc ing round again, saw the red bayonet of Sergeant IKoffee shoot past at the point from behind the shoulder and slide into the negro's naked flesh, until the socket clashed against the breast bone. Almost simultaneously he heard the-Yoruba's shout, and the swarming foe split up and melted away into fly ing groups as, swinging his spitting re vdlver right and left, Captain Cranton swept past at the head of his men. Tben his oveirtaxed strength gave ay,. aind:hie collapsed `a athnip unconscious heap acrops the foot' fthelitter. B efore moiirii:Hiobawias a heap of simoking ruins, and Shaillu a prisoner fast bound with titi creepers-"3Mac millan'p ." 