the rev. charles clark. DICKENS' "CHRISTMAS CAROL." Last night a crowded audience listened with rapt attention to tbo Rev. Charles Clarke's recital at the Centenary-hall of Dickens' "Christmas Carol." The whole story was narrated. It was an impressive effort, a testimony to a marvellously retentive memory and subtlo dramatic eloquence. There was the ghost of Jacob Marley, which vi sited his former partner to warn him of the coming of the three spirits whom Scrooge would have preferred to interview conjointly. There was tho Ghost of Christmas Past, who explained his business as the welfare and reclamation of Scrooge, and took him to the ball at Fizzwig's, where the four-and-twenty couples danced Sir Ro ger do Coverley, with Fizzwig's meaty legs seeming to wink in their rapid manoeuvres. Then there was tho Ghost of Christmas Present, the big bluff spirit who took Scrooge out among the Christmas fare that hung inside and outside the shops in such a way that people's mouths might water gratis. They went to Bob Cratchlt's, where a phenomenal goose was undergoing rapid demoli tion — such a goose as, in the estimation of the head of the house, had never before existed. And after the goose came the pudding, preceded by a smell like washing-day — a smell like an eating-house next door to a pastrycook's, with a laundry next door to that. These ripples of merriment, with the shadows which cross them, are, to most people, reminiscences to be cherished and dwelt upon. As such they are doubly welcome, when each character is Invested with tho life given to it by Mr. Clark. Last night was tho final appear ance In Sydney of the lecturer, and the subject was among the best in his repertoire. Prior to commencing his recital, Mr. Clark ex- piesscd his acknowledgments of the marked favor with which his lectures had been received. The only cause for regret was that the persistent rain had prevented large numbers of people from at tending, and he had been urged to postpone his departure. This was impossible, as engagements to lecture had been made in Queensland, and these had to be kept. Pressure had been brought to bear, however, to Induce him to break his return journey at Sydney, especially as some of his fa vorite lectures had not been given during the pre sent short season. It was passible that he might have the pleasure of speaking here again, and he ventured to think that the splendid audiences of that night and Saturday night might indicate that such a course would be approved of. 