OUR LETTER HOME. SUMMARY OF NEWS. Parliament is well at work now, the present week having been occupied in discussing the financial statement of the Treasurer, the glowing visions depicted in which have impressed members generally not a little, and succeeded in robbing the debate of much of the party rancour which sometimes, and, indeed, usually characterises it. Members apparently accept the position, and agree that, however they may have at one time criticised the way in which Ministers gained office, there is little to gamble at in the way they have retrenched and worked to place the finances of the colony on a sound footing, while at the same time they have administered their departments straightforwardly, apart of course from some of the high-handed acts of the Premier in changes he has introduced in his capacity of head of all the rest of the Ministerial team. A regrettable incident of the early part of the session has been a renewal of the attack made by a Northern member upon the administration of the Railway Department, and which, notwithstanding the revelations of last year's Select Committee, have been listened to BO readily,andjiave had such weight accorded to them that a Commission of Inquiry has been appointed by Ministers, over which the Chief 7 as tice has consented to preside. The first bill passed through all its stages has been one to continue the representation of Montagu (West Coast) on its present basis until the electorates are re- vised throughout the colony, which is supposed to be one of the duties of this expiring Parliament. Public Works have not yet been dealt with seriously, but the Minister has promised a statement of the progress and intentions of the department within three weeks' time, which will give members plenty to talk about on a subject near and dear to the hearts of all the constituencies. The name of Sir Philip Fysh has been mentioned more than once in the course of the debate as the coming Agent-General of the colony, but he has assured the House he has no present intention of filling the position, and it is probable that Sir Andrew Clarke will be asked to undertake the duties in succession to Sir Robert Herbert. Admiral Bridge has written from Suva, where the Orlando was at the time he penned his letter, complaining of the new regulations of the Hobart Marine Board in regard to vessels occupying the fairway of the port, which he re mr Is as an intimation of the desire of the harbour authorities to put obstacles in the way of Her Majesty's ships visiting Hobart, and to render it most in- convenient to assemble a squadron there. The Master Warden has pointed out that the Board's action has no such mean- ing as that attributed to it, but that, on the contrary, their sole object in re- defining the fairway was to prevent accidents which would occur had the former limits of the fairway been retained. The masters of the large vessels trading to this port have complained that it would be impossible on a dark, squally night to come up to their berths at the piers without damaging their own vessel or one of H.M. Squadron and at the recommendation of the nautical members of the Board the present fairway limit was drawn out and approved. The Board regards it as its duty to prevent, as far as possible, accidents occurring in the port to vessels of H.M Squadron as well as to vessels of the mercantile marine and on the next occasion of His Excellency's visiting Hobart, they will gladly confer with him with the view of eliciting any alteration in the fairway which would have that effect. The Government are sending to India and London samples of dried vegetables, with a view to their introduction as articles of food for the Army and Navy. Samples of the same class of goods are being sent privately to Johannesburg, in the hope of opening up a trade with the Transvaal miners. Another departing colonist is taking samples of Tasmanian produce to South Africa, timber, apples, etc, believing that there is trade to be done there in all such things if they are properly put before the purchasing public. Mr. Morrisby, the gentleman in question, seems full of hope and enthusiasm in the matter. He is a very experienced man as a Tasmanian fruitgrower, and understands a great deal about timber. Moreover, he is a most energetic, straightforward man, and it is to be hoped his efforts will be crowned with success. The season seems to be opening well for agriculturists. Fine open winter weather has characterised the present week, permitting the usual midwinter farming operations to be proceeded with uninterruptedly. The autumn-sown green crops are looking splendid, and many foretell an early spring. Already some fruit trees are to be seen bursting into blossom at Bellerive. Our sheep sold well in Sydney, and the fine stud ram " President," which fetched 2800 guineas at the recent auctions, has been brought back safely by his Tasmanian purchasers, Messrs, Grubb & Lawrence. The objection to branding wool with tar has been again brought prominently before growers, and is not likely to be persisted in during the coming season, The presence of tick, or Texas fever, in the Northern Queensland herds, has continued to exercise the minds of stockowners in this colony, and the Government are making arrangements to be represented at the intercolonial conference to be held in Sydney on the subject early next mouth. The Tasmanian Government is to be represented at the Wellington (N.Z.) timber conference by Mr. Perrin, the Conservator of Forests of Victoria, who will attend on behalf of that colony also. Western exploration is still the subject of research, the object being to open up the new mining district in and around Zeehan, and to establish communication between it and the more settled districts. Mr. Surveyor Innes has arrived at the upper reaches of the River Gordon, and speaks hopefully of finding a track route as the result of his work to the Silver West, but he does not bear out the good report of the land to be passed through. From observations he has made there appears to be a very large extent of open country south of Mount Wedge, between Wedge and Mount Ann, fairly level and good going. He wants to go through there if he can, and during his - way back to Hobart to hit the head of the Styx at a point he has fixed upon. Aylett, a northern surveyor, favours a route by way of Mount Pelion, by which he believes a track could be made from Liena to Mount Lyell within a distance of about 60 miles. He thinks it would be an easy track, and would enable cattle to be driven from Deloraine and surrounding districts to Mount Lyell by a shorter route than that through the Lake country, which is 122 miles in length. Aylett says that the Mount Pelion route, which is almost straight, passes through good timbering country, but it is understood that this is not the opinion of Russell, another surveyor, who has large experience of the country. It is likely that at an early date, the North and West Direct Route Association will appoint a strong deputation to wait upon the Government with a view of obtaining the services of a competent surveyor to examine the various routes between the North and the West Coast. A small triumph in the way of exporting has been won by Mr. F, Milsom, of Hobart, who was successful at Sydney last week in securing the first national prize presented by the New South Wales Minister of Agriculture for the best pen of table birds suitable for export. It was announced in the conditions that the birds would be judged for their suitability for the London market, quality of flesh, condition, fineness of bone and evenness of flesh colour being the chief recommendations, great size only counting in conjunction with other qualities and in addition, birds had to be bred by exhibitor, The judges were Messrs. W. T. Wright, W. Hope, and G. Bradshaw, of Melbourne, and out of 11 entries they only made one award, Mr. Milsom's birds were Indian Game, Dorking and Indian Game Langshan, eight months old. The University of Tasmania have made provision for successful competitors at the scholarship examinations who reside away from Hobart being placed more on a level with those who live in the city, by dividing the scholarships of £50 a year into two halves, one part of which will be associated with tuition, and the other half with cost of residence. When the winner of a scholarship is a city student the sum of £25 only will be placed at his disposal, whereas if the successful candidate is a country scholar the full amount will be accorded, so that he may come and live in the city, within reach of the educational advantages intended to be placed at his disposal, and devote the extra man to defraying the cost of an economical mode of living. Should all the successful candidates in any year be city students, then the Bums Set free by the new regula- tion will be given for additional scholarships of the value of £25 a year, to be awarded to those next in order on the prize lists. The change is a wise one, and is on decidedly right lines It should, moreover, do more than anything else to popularise the University in the colony. | The National Convention of Irishmen, which is to be held in Dublin in September next, has attracted some attention in the colony, owing to letters received from Mr Michael Davitt, Mr H, asking that Tasmanian delegates might he appointed to the meeting The Rev E M. O Callaghan, formerly of Hobart, and now curate at Mallow, County Cork, his been accordingly appointed to represent this colony on behalf of the Home Rulers of Southern Tasmania, and the Hon C H Bromby, once Attorney-General in this colony, has been requested to similarly represent the north of the island. Among the passengers by the s a Rimutaka from the Cape last WCLK, was Mr Mullins, one of the Transvaal heroes, who has recently been released from durance vile IU Pretoria on payment of heavy hoe He is a barrister by profession, and is merely touring the colonies for recuperative purposes after his recent unpleasant experiences at the hands of the Transvaal authorities Dr. O'Brien has resigned the post of Assistant Surgeon at the New Norfolk Asylum for the Insane, intending, after his approach- ing marriage with Miss Solly, to proceed to Broken Hill to practise. Dr. G. F. Read son of the squire of Redlands, has been appointed to Dr. O'Brien's place. The wife of the Hon. Thomas Reibey, a member of the Government, has at last she climbed to an illness which has prostrated her for years. The funeral was largely attended, three of Mr. Reibey's colleagues being amongst the pall-bearers, showing the deep respect in which the deceased lady was held. Parliament was adjourned for a week for the same reason. Captain Greenlees, who died at the Ship Hotel, Hobart, was a stranger to the colony, and little is known of him except that he had been an officer in the 92nd (Gordon) Highlanders, and a Mason of high rank. He was buried at the Cornelian Bay Cemetery, and his effects taken care of by the Curator. Another death is that of John COBS, an old Tasmanian colonist and military veterans, who came to Tasmania with his regiment, the 21st Royal British Fusiliers, in 1833, when Sir George Arthur was Governor, He remained here till 1839, when he went with the 21st to India, where, after many years further service he was discharged on a pension, and settled in Hobart, where he remained, obtaining employment in the Government service, from which he also ultimately retired on a pension. The Mount Lyell shares case, Dixon v, Henry and Ors., has been dismissed by the Full Court, with costs against the plaintiff, whom the Chief Justice denounces as a participator in a fraud, in which he could expect no assistance from the law authorities. The coats are said to be close upon £6,000. Casualties have been unusually frequent, amongst them being the death by drowning in the Derwent of Mr A. A. Lambert, a visitor to the colony, who was fishing from a boat in Kangaroo Bay, which was run into by the ferry steamer. A lad named Jolly has died in the Hobart Hospital from lockjaw through being run over by a cart at Sandy Bay. Edward Tuttle, a labourer, was killed by a fall of earth at the New Town brickyards. The Hobart ghost scare is over. The apparition is said to have appeared in Launceston, but the report is only a rumour as yet. George Horsley, a miner, has been committed for trial by a coroner's jury on a charge of murdering his wife at the Wyniford river. The activity in the various mining districts continues. At Mount Lyell the result of a smelting of 420 tons of ore has been made known. Eighty tons of matte were produced, containing 17 tons 4cwt. copper, 1,840 oz silver, and 40 oz. gold. The amount of valuable mineral left in the slag was very small. An important discovery has been made at the Mount Agnew mine, formerly known as the Globe S. M. Co.'s property, in the shape of a large formation of antimonial fall ore and pyrites, assays of which have given as high as 300oz. gold and 8 per cent copper to the ton. At the Hercules mine, Mount Reid the No, 3 tunnel is 10ft into the gossan without cutting the hanging wall. A splendid body of sulphide ore is coming up from the floor. Assays show its contents to be over 4oz. gold, 15oz. silver, and 20 per cent, lead per ton. The Zeehan and Dundas fields are very active, and a large quantity of silver ore is being produced. ' At Lefroy the Chums is crushing stone from the newly discovered gold shoot, and the New Waverley is preparing to erect a small crushing plant. It is proposed to amalga- mate the Volunteer, West Volunteer, and South-West Volunteer mines, and work them as one with a capital of £25 000. A shaft will then be immediately sunk to 4000ft., where it is believed the lode, which at about 500ft. and 600ft. is practically barren, will attain prove payable The other mining fields are steadily progressing. As a result of the great revival in the industry the revenue of the Mines Department for the month of June last shows an increase of £1,991 2s. 7d., compared with the corresponding month of last year. Shipping matters are rather dull. The barques Kassa and Wild Wave have arrived from Lyttelton and Adelaide respectively, the former with a car go of wheat and the latter with salt and guano. T'ie Wild Wave has discharged, and gone down to Port Esperance to load timber for Adelaide. The Kassa loads timber at Hobart for a South Australian port. The barquentine Mary Wadley sailed on 22nd inst. for Townsville, Queensland, taking a cargo of 58 000 staves. The American ship Great Admiral left Melbourne on Sunday last for Hobart, and is daily expected to arrive, She loads about 700 000, of timber. Her exact destination has not been revealed, but it is probably a French port, The usual intercolonial steamers have arrived and departed. 