WERRIBEE ITEMS. The directors of the Commercial Bank have taken the right step in deciding to open their branch at the Werribee daily. This course of action was justified, and indeed necessitated, by the generosity of the Shire Council in giving the bank I virtual possession of the Shire hall gratis, as such a concession to the bank, for the good of the district, could not be requited by anything less than a daily opening of the branch. Accordingly Mr. A. R. Far mer, from Wycheproof, has been appoint ed local manager, and Mr. J. Everist, of the Haymarket branch, will continue to Spay a weekly visit to the Werribee. These arrangements should prove to be very satisfactory. Nominations for the Boxing Day sports have to be made on Friday next. Mr. E. Hewitt, of the Pentland Hills, will commence threshing in the Werribee district on Monday, his start being for Messrs. Beggs and Connors. At the meeting of the Metropolitan B1 oard on Tuesday the Chairman contra 1 dicted the statement which was made in t the Age that the Government had issued a writ against the Board for erecting the Farm Jetty on a portion of a Government reserve. We have already shown that the 1 reserve in question does not include land , submerged at high water, otherwise the whole of the bay would be a reserve. It is not often in these days that any s Shire Council calls for tenders for three miles of metalled construction, yet that is the happy position of the Wyndham Shire Council to-day, the tenders being return I able on Saturday next. This is short r notice, but the specifications will be avail a able on Monday next. All the Councillors of Wyndham Shire are entitled to credit for making an united effort to get these t three miles of road constructed at once. r Supposing all the old Councillors had been turned out at last annual election, the new men could not possibly have s made a greater demonstration in favour of s the new tenantry in Wyndham Shire than Sthe old Councillors have done. All mal 1 contents should note this fact, and give a cheer for the old brigade in consequence, f also support theim nest August, and as I they make their triennial appeals for 1 re-election. Mr. Hamilton Sinclair, the Shire Engineer, is also to be commended In for having got the plans for these three e miles of road ready at extremely short \- notice. The contract for one mtile on a Duncan's road will be in two pieces-one 3 at each end of the 53 chatins now being \- made by dMr. HI. Hogan. The two miles s on the Metropolitan Farm road will con 1 ect the several metalled ptortions of that road, amounting to about 60 chains in all, f and will terminate at the foot of the steep d slope where te main sower crosses the 0 road, which is about the heaviest part of the road in wet weather. About 15 chains over the 80 chains will be required to d wholly cover this bad portion, and no d doubt the Council will make an effort to o get that extra length metalled before inter comes, but a decision onthis point, ad perhaps many others, will depend pon the amount of the tenders on Satur ay next. The Metropolitan Farm tenants re to be congratulated upon the unani ions good intentions of the Wyndham hire Council and Shire Engineer on their shalf. Wednesday week was a memorable day ithe history of the Church of England Werribee, being the occasion of the afirmation of 40 candidates (old and oung) by the Bishop of Melbourne, the ight Reverend Field Flowers Gee, D.D. mongst the candidates were several who ad come in many miles to receive the .ying-on of hands. The Bishop was met t the station by the Rev. G. ML. Mac onnell, of Christ-church, Newport, who ad come to assist in the service. The tmrch, which had been beautifully lorned for the occasion, was filled by an verltowing congregation, who all united lost heartily in singing the opening ymn, No. 157, " Come, Holy Ghost, our nuls inspire." The vicar, the Rev. J. yssen, M.A., then proceeded to read the reface to the office, after which the ishop, in a most clear manner, reminded eis candidates of the need of the strength ad power of the Holy Ghost if they 1ould be Christ's faithful soldiers, and ght manfully under His banner until heir life's end. He then asked them all stand up, and to renew before God the free solemn baptismal promises of Re unciation, Faith, and Obedience. After uis had been done the candidates appro ched in pairs, and, kneeling at the altar ceps before the Bishop, received the tying on of hands. When all had been onfirmed, and hymn 280, "Thine for ver, God of Love," had been sung, the lishop, in an earnest address, exhorted iem to be true to their captain, and ever to be ashamed of their religion, but n be specially faithful in attending the ighest service of the church-the Holy ommunion. After the last hymn, 271, O, Jesu, I have promised to serve Thee the end" had been sung, the Bishop's lessing brought the service to a close. 'hus ended one of the most impressive nd solemn services which have taken lace in the church, and the memories of hiclh will linger long in the recollections fthose who were present. The appeal case of Bennett Woolcock o. against the Wyndham Shire assess lent of £320 on 1,050 acres, Truganina, as been withdrawn by the appellants. The Queensville Estate Co. have given otice of appeal against assessments on roperty near Footscray. If this is gone n with the case will be heard at Werribee ourt on 23rd inst. Now that the Commercial bank directors ave seen their way to have the agency in Verribee open daily for banking business, would be a good thing if the Post-office )epartment could be wakened from their rofound apathy respecting the present nd increasing needs of the district in the latter of postal facilities. The pressure f railway work for the season has now ot in, and is likely to be of far greater imensions this year than ever before; so hat the officials in the railway service who, up till now have been saddled with be telegraphic work of the Postal Depart aent) will have their hands more than ill of duties belonging to their own par leular service, not to speak of telegraphic usiness which is sure to be commensurate vith the greater volume of produce egiinning to be dealt with this season. It s high time that the postal and telegraphic seeds of this community were attended to uroperly by the Post-office Department. Cihere ought at least to be an operating nessenger at the railway station, whose luties would be to attend to and deliver ill telegraphic business belonging properly o the Postal Department; and who would tive one delivery of letters daily within he township area. The obliging railway tlicials would no doubt readily undertake o attend to the instruments in the absence if the messenger. These arrangements vould meet the present rush of work, but tothing less than a separate post-office, .s an addition to the Station street front if the railway station, willreally meet the ust requirements of the inhabitants here. The quantity of grain and chaff now meing dispatched from the WVerribee is nimply enormous. At the present time ,at crops will average over 45 bushels per icre. Mr. Fitzgerald, one of the oldest itrmers in the district, affirms that lie will hresh 60 bushels from his new ground on he west side of the river. Messrs. Cam ron & West, who have leased the farm at he month of the Werribee river, from he Metropolitan Board of Works, are tbout to stack their oats, and are confi lent of 50 bushels. From 6 acres Mr. "rank Hussey has threshed 82 bags of ilgerian oats, which is about 54 bushels ;o the acre. Several intending competitors for the bicycle road race, which will take place here on Boxing day, have inspected the crack, and have expressed their approval of the same, and it is expectel that 25 at least will compets. One influential farmer says that he has not visited Melbourne for a month, as he ,an do all his financial business on the \Verribee since the branch bank was opened, and the tradesmen can supply him with all he requires from them at as reasonable a price as in Melbourne. The death of Mr. Sa:unel M'Naughton took place on Wednesday, aged 86. The leceased, who arrived in the Little River uo:ne 42 years ago, was the father of Mr. John Mi'Naughton, and Councillor A. M'Nauoghton, and resided the whole time at the Little River. We are sorry to have to announce the death of Mir. Charles Vinall, aged 54. For the last 33 years he has been a resident here, and no one who came in contact with him, either in business or otherwise, could fail to see that he was a genuine, kind hearted fellow. Since his arrival on the \Werribee hlie followed the occupation of butcher, originally for the late Mr. John Gardiner, and also Mir. PI. Kielly; but of late years he lhas been conducting business for himself in Watton street. The im mediato cause of death was heart troubles, but for the last four years he suffered greatly from astlhmna, and since his retire ment from business, somme six months back, ihe gradually got weaker. It may truly be said of him that he was a friend to thie poor and needy. The ittmense quantity of farm produce now being sent fromt the Werribee railway station, which will continue for the next three months, has caused things to look lively: and very little delay (thanks to ithe stationuaster and his staff) has taken place in loading; but the authorities might allow a longer day, as at present any loads arriving after 6 p.m. hlave to wait till next morning. The gates are closed punctually at 6, and as the railway employees do not load the trucks, there fore the only extra worke required from the porter in charge wonld be to lock a gate a little later each day. The plain and fitncy dress ball which is to take place in the Miechanics' Institute on New Year's Eve, having caused alittle discussion as to the catering, the com mittee called for tenders, the successfil applicant being Mirs. Thomats Beasley. The refreshment room, which it was thought would be built by that time, has not yet been deternmiued on, as the Board of Health liave discovered that several additions will have to be made. 