THE CRITIC. 'Who can undaunted brave the Critic's rage ? Or note unmoved bis mention in the Oritic's page ? Parade his errors to the public eye, AJid Uotber Grundy's rage defy V' The God-fearing Ministry will be handed down to posterity as clay-busts. An up-couiitry Chinaman has christened the first of his half-caste, slit-eyed off spring Henry Parkes Loon Sin ! Is this a compliment or a satire on the author of the Chinese Restriction Act? Ask the Chinaman or Parkes' Ghost. Sample of pecuniaey policy by Major MeKinley, the Republican candidate for the Presidency of the United States : — ' Financial honor is as sacred as the national flag, and American money must be equal to the best in the world.' Margaret Hall ' wanted a grocer's assistant ' in a bogus Castlereagh- street registry office. Thomas Bellemy answered to the 'wanted,' parted with a sovereign, followed Margaret up and she was fined £20 or six months' imprisonment. There are others — uncaught at present. The Attorney-General and the Crown Solicitor are to advise as the steps to be taken in the Mercadool, Clare and Nanina cases. There will be appeals and motions for fresh trials and heaps of ' refreshers ' for legal big-wigs, especially for those fortunate counsel in the good graces of the Crown Law Department. Had Mr. Lyue called tenders for the supply of 150, (WO tons of steel rails in terms similar to Mr. Young, 'twould have been interesting to have seen how the ' Telegraph ' would have proved that no Minister had the right to bind his suc cessors for such a lengthy term on a matter involving great issues of public policy. Certain respectable residents of Stan more-road, Marrickville, are having it borne in upon them that officials such, as Inspectors of Nuisances should refuse to allow themselves to be sooled on to one person by another, and should be particularly guarded when a notoriously sanctified person evinces a desire to use their official power for his own ends. Deaf and dumb men have been unusually unfortunate of late. A week ago George Brown was knocked down and run over at Redfern, and since then another deaf and dumb man has been taken down for over £300 by the cofi£ dence gang. Neither can make a noise about the affairs, nor can they tell if anyone is marking a noise fop them. What a ridiculous slap in the face that firm of VancouTer merchants gave the monopolistic Canadian Pacific Railway Company, when they sent their beeswax and honey via Sydney to London per steamer, and saved considerably by the tremendous detour. What must the freight rates be when such a tremendous sea- carriage can be done at lower cost ? Speaking before the Landdrosts' Court at Pretoria, in a slander action brought by General Joubert against Judge J orissen, Advocate Lohman thus described Dr. Jameson : — ' Information had come in of a treacherous rising at Johannesburg, and again that country had been invaded [ by a liighway robber, because Jameson was nothing else but a highway robber.' ! The -Sydney Morning Herald' must be trying to disturb the peace of the Vic torian fraternity if the following from their daily summary be true : — ' Yesterday afternoon his Eieelleacy tbeGover i nor, accompanied by Lady Hampden and two daughter*, Miss Sylria Darltry and two aides de-camp, left by express train for Melbourne, where th?y be gnesu at Government House. ' Farthev particulars state that the outbieak ba-4 takfca place amongst the civQiana of the town.' The ' Daily Telegraph,' noting the re port of the Public Service Board on the Post and Telegraph Department, oom placently remarks that ' it will be satis factory to some people to learn that the retirements do not include the names of any prominent officials, with tha excep tion of the Superintendent of Mails.' Besides this 'prominent' person there are 203 no account people invested with the order of thjj.' Sack.' There must have been a curse on the 1 money of that 'bus proprietor from Cool gardie. First of all he was idiotically taken dowu by a conlidcnce gang and lumbered them. Then he bought a couple of 'buses from McCauley, and young McCauley lost his life in shipping the conveyances. He went in headfirst aud stuck in the mud, while the Cool gardieite frantically offered £10) to any man who would bring him up alive. Mrs. Blayney, a well-known identity at Narrabri, died on Sunday last at the age of 108. The 'Evening News ' cor respondent says, she was probably one of the oldest women in the colonies, and that some of the grown-up family of sons and daughters left to mourn her loss are over 50 years of age. Consider ing the deceased lady might have left infants of 90 and over the 'News' is evidently trying to be humorous. Low Din Kor, the celestial who skipped this world by means of the fascinating opium, had too much con science. He complained of having to die with a lot of debts about him and being only a gardener, he probably knew nothing about the easy little journey up King-street, which is a thoroughfare for Gentile, Jew or Chinkic. His last advice to his son, he could not speak , was conveyed to the latter in hieroglyphics. In connection with the Mercadool cases let me note that, under clause 122 of the Crown Lands' Act of 1884, any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud induces, or make use of, any other person to make any conditional purchase, etc., declared by the Act to be illegal, sliall be guilty of a misdemeanour and shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labor for any term not exceeding two years and not less than three months. ' Peter Plaijispeech,' in a Brisbane contemporary thus describes the Hon. Horace Tozer : — ' I frankly confess that I do not like you. Your personal ap pearance is uninviting. Your eyes are foxy, and your mouth is cruel. You may be a very nice person, but if you are, your face belies you, and you have a splendid action for libel against your countenance. ' ' You may just as well find fault with a man because he wears square-toed boots or has only one arm. Melbourne Government Houso intro duces the all pervading bike in the ball roo.m- On July 7th a musical ride, a la. the Household Brigade, is to be the' feature ot the first ball of the season at Brassey's little place. A new arrival named Eckenstein is teaching a very swell crowd the evolutions, and it will be the first such performance in the world. N.B. — This statement has been ag Ecrievedly officially contradicted from Government House since its publication. Everything comes to him who waits. It is many years since John McElhone got a bit of dead wood on Dan. O'Connor at the Town Hall, and most people, even ould Daymosthinees himself, had for gotten tho circumstance ! The other night in tlie refreshment room of Par liament House, the pair repeated the former incident — with variations — said variations being decidedly to the credit side of the O'Connor account, and to the utter disgruntlement of the pot-valiant man from Woolloomooloo. By the look of things it would appear that Russia will soon have to advertise for a New Czar. The present incumbent is evidently of too fragile a nervous system, and is not a stayer. The slaughter of 8000 of his loving subjects in a friendly struggle for a free feed, seems to have broken the young man all up, and after a bad spell of nervous prostration, he is now suffering from a severe attack of yellow jaundice. Tho Czar who can't help contracting such a vulgar, ugly complaint as yellow jaondice ought to go out of bnsiness. If the scheme for building a railway (lanij grftnt of course) frpgi Adelaide Port Darwin,- comes to- a successful- issue it will make Adelaide the Federal City beyond a douht. It is said by those who ire pulling the string? it this et^ t^at they - can- get - ^18, 00®, 000 ia -'Ixnuitia witnin 24 hours after tliey have got the signature of the South Australian Govern ment to a bond guaranteeing the syndi cate 4 per cent on their outlay. If they get that guarantee, I should just think they could get twelve, am or fifty mil, lions on a 4 per cent dead certainty ! There's kudos and coin awaiting the swindled publican who can sheet home a charge of conspiracy or false pretences against the brewer, agent, ana retiring tenant who inveigle him into a rotting publichouse by means of false books, readied customers, and a crooked beer bill. This thing is done every day in the big Australian cities, and it is a more cruel crime than garottisg and robbing the victim. Often the beguiled one is a widow trying to make her late husband's savings keep his children — and the brewer and his jackall, the agent, get the lot and turn her out to starve. The Mayor of and the member for Balmain are most decidedly not like the little birds in their nest. The member accuses the Mayor of trying to undermine him, with a view to 'his seat, and the Mayor avers that it is impossible to gee along with stieh a cantankerous man as Wilks, butfor whom, says the Worshipful Milne, he would have had quite a park round the Post Office and cauliflowers in the Town HaU-jtasene^ Alpn - Wilks, M.P., of peeking -and prying', oi$ % his mayoral actions. It is a very pretty 'i quarrel as it stands, aud must he highly 1 edifying to the people who put the gen- J tleruen where they are. J *' Within 20 years of Burns' death ... J (writes a correspondent of the ' West- | minster Gazette ') my father heard th» J Rev. William Anderson in a Glasgow pulpit, lifting up the Bible, say that 'as .1 sure as that Book was the Word of God, the soul of Robert Burns was in hell fire ' ^ — yet he lived to hear the Rev. Georgo jS Gilfillan call the poet 'a God's gentle- ? man.' I recently heard a clergyman il- I the Fulham Congregational Church pass jj an almost unqualified eulogium on tho ? poet's works.' Burns himself on his j death-bed remarked : — 'Don't be afraid. I'll be more respected a hundred years ; after I am dead than I am at present.' ' This is the centenary year of his death. Thus the holy, unctuous undertaker's poet man placates the shades of tho departed and soothes the souls of tho srrvivors in the columns of the classics ; ' Austr»4asian ' : — ' ' Asleep iu J«us ! Karfromtbec Thy kindred and their graves may bo ; But thine \s still a blessed sleep, ; From which uouo never wakes to weep.'* Then tuning his celestial lyre to a mora joyous strain he ' makes the angels weep,' and winds up by washing his feet, or those nf somebody else : — *? L'uto Him whoso low has washed us ? Whiter tha.u fuow, f We shall pass through the shallow river \ | With hearts aglow. # ' - For the Lord's voiceoulho waters Liugeivth sivcet ; Ho that is washed nccdctli only ^ To wash his feet.' ™ During the discussion on the Factories and Workshops' Bill in the Victorian 1 Assembly last Tuesday the following J smart passage-at-arms took placg,betwecn. ? Hancock of tlie Labor corner, anefjladden, J the mad Conservative : — Mr Hancock : They hod arrived at the point* . i3 of requiring simply that womi-u aud girl oufc ;Jgj workers would havfe'to seud post-cardc with their /^sl j addresses to the in^cctor*. This was taken to » 1 meau iu the other Chamber that the privacy of thtt -£g| ! homos of tlio?e who had seen bettor days might b« -.. 'Sj | invaded at auy hour of the night ; but such & . -J 'aB thing wa* never contemplated- The fatt was thrt I nobody Iticed to weirlc. It wa* a great misfortune. to have to work for one's liviug. (.lAUfrhter.) 'SH Un Maddkn: It in a trre&t; misfortune you nc?^ Jfl had to work for your liviug. Mn Hancock would leavi» future historians to -!|H deal with that poiut. fBcnewcl lau^htor.) WhatJ W he wanted to point out was that itudsnotth* 'M regular poor worker* lie was fighting for in this M instance, but for those who had had j\ sudden 13 reverse of lortuue, aud whose urj?out necessity 9 rendered them peculiarly liable to besweawi. It; M ecetued to him that they were troubled with falsa '1 i modesty in objecting to rogigtmtiojj* j] A truly pretty carte and tiercc. ? In view of our Premier's frequent exhortations to thp young men of the colony to 'go on the land,' it is worth while knowing of some of the unjust impediments to be met with before getting there. A young man was successful in a ballot nine months ago for a section of resumed land, and having ?' passed all examinations and fulfilled the ?'?} necessary conditions of the Act, he pro- 1 ? ceeded to take charge, and with that VS object bought some stock with the money — ho had saved by constant thrift and .»'g. hardy toil. Tho former lessee then appealed against tho decision of the , local land board, declaring thai the new j lessee was unqualified. The unfortunate '2j fellow has lost all his stock, and is now S in Sydney waiting for the decision of | some Commission, Committee or Board 1 'i in some remote corner of the earth, | Truth's advice to the young men of tho colony, under its present conditions, is— - Keep off the land. J. E. Geakc. the defaulting solicitor, who absconded from his bail, is (remarks a cynical Melbourne scribe) a curious ' mixture, but I am rather glad he has gone. I have still hanging in my bed room an illuminated text he gave me, and one really does not like to think that one's spiritual father is in Pentridge. He was a strange compound of contradictions, and when I knew him — some eight or ten years ago — he was, I am convinced, most sincerely pious. He made no show of religion, and did not use it for a cloak, for ne loved to get a man in a corner quietly and preach to him. With the Acts of Parliament and Acts of the Apostles he was equally familiar. Ha would looser quote a tatt for nothing than quote a case by which he got two guineas. I can speak calmly of Geake, I for I never Jia4 any financial transaction* | wiit iiim, hut softie friendp of mme talk 1 very strongly about him ^ He never camei g to their house without offering ~a 'few 1 words of prayers and they have lost ! thousands by him. Two young ladies, Miss Mabel White, J postmistress at Mount Egerton, Vic., and 1 Miss Murphy, set off on foot ' for Balla- 1 rat on a recent Sunday at 6 a.m., reached ;| there, attended divine service, and J walked back, reaching home at half-past J 7 p.m-, a distance of 38 miles, doing an -£ average of four miles an hour for the whole distance. Whereupon, 'Woo- mera,' in the 'Australasian,' saith and singeth thusly : — ' The inspired poets, I notice, always 'dash off' tneir effusions. They never sit down and say 'White, .? write, tight, skite, fight — ah, that's it — ' fight ' is the word to rhyme with White.' No. They just dash it off. Certainly :? the subject is an inspiring one, so I niy -j as well havcj,a dash at it myself ? -* The youth to Hiss Murphy's . .4 Affections aspiring ' ^ Husv ber proof that His love iri uutiring ; t To win Erin's daughter t ? jf. Is oat- of hi# power, . ^3* ; Jij| Cuieii be can court lier '* At four mllo an hour. ' ' . -3 Miss White is a Jewel r Not picked up at random ; t|l First teach ber to ride on | A bicycle tandem. Who else bat a wheclcoΞ Dare Fue for her smiles, , When ehe 'goes out a walkiag' - * 