TURF NOTES. (By Atlas/) When Jack D wye' brought 1 he black horse Ohio to Albury some three weeks ago he was to all appearances a perfect wreck. The son of Pre cious Stone is now, however, quite a different animal — in fact one could hardly believe him to b8 the same horse. Not only is the horse look ing well, but I am informed he is doing well in his woik, and before very long he will, if all goes well with him in hia schooling, make his appearance in public over the ' little sticks.' A a 4-ViAra o-ra a rM*a¥. TYI nnir VlfirflPH in t,hft Border districts that are intended to take part in the spring meeting of the Murrambidgee Turf Club, it may be as well to remind owners that they will require to send in their nominations to the secretary, Mr, J. T. Williamson, before 9 p.m. ou Friday next, 30th inst. The races for which entries close on the above date are the Waggi Cap, First Hnrdle Race, and Steeple chase. General entries will be received up to 9 p.m. Monday, 9th November. ' Good Heavens I' exclaimed a well-known Albuty backer at Ganlfield as the horses passed the winning post in the Cup race, ' I have been beaten by a head only for £2000.' Neither Gremorne, Straighfire, Le Var nor Merman, who finished in the above order in the Oaulfield Cap, were nominated in the Melbourne Cup Cremorne, who was taktn to Tabletop on Tuesday, has no engagements at the V.R.O. Spring meeting. The Tnmut Pony and Galloway Race Club are a go ahead body. The club have put for ward a very attractive programme of six events ior their annual race meeting to be held on Wednesday, November 4. The list consists of a Maiden Plate of £6, for ponies and galloways, 14 3 a.u. ; Pony and Galloway Handicap, £15, for ponies and galloways, 14 3 a u ; Wynyard Handicap, £5, for ponies 14 1 a.u. ; Hurdle Bace, £12, for ponies and galloways, 14 3 a.u. ; Telegraph Handicap (horses), £5 ; and B are Well Handicap, £7, for ponies and galloways, 14 3 a.u. In Mr. J. E. Madigan the club have an excellent secretary, who is well np in tb.3 business of horse racing, having both owned, raced, and ridded horses himself. Amongst the many horses Mr. Madigan possessed wbb a hardy little grey pony, who was a champion amongst the little horses in the Tumnt district some five and twenty yea-s ago. I have often seen this pony (whose name has, with the lapse of tim?, gone out of my memory) winning races and matches with his owner up ; and besides being a fast pony it was not aa eaiy matter to find a horse to beat the grey over a j inrney. Two brothers, who at one time were residents of Davi-1.8treet, Albury, but who now reside near Walgett, were ou a visit to their friends, and took a run down to Melbourne to see the race for the Canlfleld Cup run. Whilst at the races thev fell ia f '-r a small slice of good for tune. Meeting a friend— a well-known horse dealer and sportsman from rhe Upper Murray— they of course asked him his opinion ns to what. horBe would ba the most likelv to win the Cup They were promptly told by their friend that Cremorne would win, so they rut 30? each together and placed the £3 on their friend's tip, ?with the reBult that they netted £100 by the transactor. Tne following were the drawers of ths placed horses in Tattersall's sweep (100,000 Bubscribsrn at 5^. each) on the Candid Gap :— First prize (Cremorne, No. 81 804), W. H. Stevens, Railway Hotel, Atmidale. New Booth Wales, £6750 ; second (Straightfire, No 79.776) Keating, care of J. Lennon, Richmond River, New South Wales, £2250 ; tbird (La Var, No. 50 569), W. Irvine, RoBe, Thistle, and Shamrock, H^rriet ville, Victoria, £1125. All Bre net amounts. As the borees passed the winning post on Saturday in the Cau'fleld Cup, Straight fire's trainer was offered £100 to £1 that Grand Flaneur's son had won. Mr Oarslake refused the bet, thinking Straighiflre had got home. Mr. D. O'Brien arrived in Albury on Friday last with his Maribyrnong Plate colt Patsiot, by Autonomy from Bungle Prior to leaving Sydney the colt had been troubled with a sore throat, but appears to be all right again. Patriot . ia a horse that will, taking recent form as a guide, make a good showing in the big two year old race across the Murray on the last Saturday ia the present month No one, I am certaiu, would begrudge Dan O'Brien his win were he to score in the ' classic ' two-ye3r-old event at Flemington. Mr. O'Brien ia one of the liberal school o£ horsaownors, whose luck haB not been of the best kind since Bab Roy ran away with the &.J. G.Derby. Tae Derby candidate Charge, by Carbine, was taken over to Melbourne a few days eg), and on Taesday the Derby and Cup horse Sabretache, who is by Cuirassier from Roie arrived in the Federal City and resumed the journey to Melbourne on Wednesday morning. Thi3 latter colt, report says, is a better horse than the New Zealander which went so close to effecting the downfall of Wallace in last year's V R O. Derby. The Messrs. Manifold sustained another severe loss at Can-field on Saturday. Whilst takiug part in the Second Steeplechase, Waterloo (who won the First Steeplechase on Guinea? Day) broke his leg near the fetlock and had to be destroyed. Waterloo was by Wellington from yiirt, therefore a full brother to Dungan (killed whilst running in the Oaulfield Grand National JIurdle Race a few weekB back). Jn winning the Cnulflold Gap at tUouge of. eight years. Cremorne has accomplished a task that falls to the lot o£ very few horses ia an im portant race. Although he had been, on the shelf for a considerable time, he ha3 had more than a fair share of hard 'graft' during his long career on the turf, and his brilliant victory on Saturday stamps him aa one of ths beat horses sired by old Glorious. Out of 57 starts Cremorne was to the judge first on 11 ocensions. Although very little money has been w---n locally over the victory of Cremorne in the Caulfield Cup, there are very few persons to be found who will not be glad to hear of tha locally bred horse scoring in such an important event. Mr. Jas. Mitchell, who bred and ownB Cremorne, is one of the most popular men in the district, a straight goer, and a liberal patron of the turf — both locally and abroad, d'emorne is by Glorious from Nea, by L;-rd Lynne from Hebe, and was bred at Tabletop. BdsMe3 the Caulfiild Cup, Cremorne has credited Mr. Mit chell with other valuable stake3, having won amongst other races the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Sires' Produce Stakes, Nursery Handicap at Rosehill, Foal Stakes at Albury, Shorts Han dicap at Hawkesbury, Saxonia Handicap and Welter Mile at Rosehill, A. J C. DoncaBter Han dicap, All-aged Stakes, aud Final Hindicap, and the Sydney T. C. Birthday Cup After winning the Birthday Cup CiTniorne lo=it his form, and did not win a race either as a five or six-year-old, and was sent up to Tabletop for a rest. The son of Glorioua was again caken in hand at the commencement of the present season by hiB old trainer, Mr J. Allsop, who h*d the horse in the pink of condition for Saturday's race. To Allsop great cred.t is due for the care and attention he bestowed on his horse, and E. Huxley is aUo deserving of a word of praise for the splendid horsemanship displayed by him at the finish of the race. Various rumor3 are in circulation as to the amount netted by Mr. Mit chell over the race. Oae report makes it £10:000, another gets up to £20,009. But I should think somewhere between £6000 and £7000 would be nearer the matk. At the sani^ time I am quite certain Mr. Mitchell's many friends in the district would be very glad to hear of the larger amount being the correct sum. For the past two months St/aightfire was one of the most consistently backed horses iu the Caulfield Cup, and had he got home the book makers would have received a heavy knock. As it is now Cremorne is said to have been taken in doubles with most of the best horses in the Melbourne Cup, so the double- event '? books ' may yet have to ' face the music.' The two favorites in the Caulfield Cap on Saturday — Hopscotch and Resolute — both ran well up to a certain point, writes ' Goodwood,' but failed to see the race out. They probably cut each other's throats, as the expression goes, racing one another from the fire furlong post. Previous to this Hayes — strong horseman though he is — found Hopscotch too much for him, aud could not hold the big horse back to his field. Hopscotch stopped at almost the same spot as he did last year when he was ridden very much the same kind of a race. He no doubt races best at the head of his fi.Id, but it is asking a horse a big thing to win from end to end with such a heavy impost as 9.9 Le V-»r and Merman were unlucky in the race, the bump the former got at the turn probably lost him the race, though it must be remembered that Cremorne was interfered with in the scrimmage which appears tn have taken place there. Mer man lost considerable ground at the start, but for which, on his running, he must have been a very hard horse to beat, Cremorne's iui'i'U succe:-s on the turf was, writes ' Tim Whiffiir'of th; Express, gained in 1890, when aa a two-jeir-oiti be won the Sicea' Produce Stakes at the Wagga Cup meet ing of thit year. Sportsmen who recollect the events uf that meeting will do doubt remember Oremorne's defeat in the Foal Stukes tun ou the Becond day Ia the raca in question only three ran : Cremorne, Tnirlmere (a colt than trained by Tom Pay ten) and Associate, it being the latter's first appearance under colours. When the flig fell Cremorne and Thirlmere jamped off and iheir riders adopted the cuttiug game. The pair led Associate half a dnzan lengths at the turn near the hill and when in the line for home it seemed that Associate hadn't a ghost of a show. The pace set by the leaders told on them in the battle to the winning post, and the despised outsider, A.'Bociate, who had watched the pro. ceedings from afer. took a hand half way down the running, and W. Curran, putting in one of his gallery fiaishes, landed Associate home a length winner from Thirlmere, Cremorne finish ing last. AEte.r every Cup meeting stories of all kinds are in circulation, wuich go to show how fickle are fortune's favors, A case in point has just ome to light. Iu the Victorian Club a tew weeks sioce a well-known patron of the C^ulfisld stable took £1000 to £40 about Cremorne for the Caulflild Cup, and saved with hia trainer, who had backed Straightflre, £50, The perform ance of Oremorne in the Toorak Handicap did not please the backer, and although he was assured the son of Glorious was doing grol work on the track, he did not like the bet, and offered the bookmaker frrra whom he took the wager £20 to scratch it. The penciller refused, think ing Cremorne had no chance, but when settling he most probably regretted not accepting the £20. The Yerong Creek Racing Club have decided to hold their usual annual race meeting on the 26th Janaary (Anniversary Day). The Sydney gelding, Lieutenant, who scored in the Windsor Handic-p at Caulfiald on Satur day, would appear to be a particularly slippery customer ; carrying 8 13 (W. Dalaney), he ran over the six furlongs in the fust time of Imin. ISsac, leaving a big field behind him, The good little galloway Cinder Ellen, with 8 9 in the saddle, finished two lengths behind tha winner. A few weeks since Mr. Gollings, of the Vic toria Hotel, Rutherglen, and a few other resi dents formed a syndicate and secured four or five tickets in one of Tatteraall's consultations, and were successful in drawing a £50 caih prize. Another nice little slice of luck has tound its way to the same hotel, Mrs. Gollings having received intimation on Saturday morning to the effeot that she had drawn a £100 cash prise in Tatteruali'o Caul fi id Cup conoultation. Betting on, th.3 Derby &r4; Gap ^ap fajrly brisk on Monday night. Newhaveh eaBed for the Derby. 6 to 4 being offered without finding takers. Charge wa9 backed at 10 to 1 and S.bretache at 12 to 1 for small amounts. Broken Hill was in good request for the Melbourne Cup at 100 to 6, and at the same price The Skipper was backed to win £2000. About Brebwon £5000 was secured at 100 to 4. Ia doubles, Darby and Cup, £5000 to £100 was taken New haven and The Chevalier, £5000 to £75 The Officer and The Skipper, £2000 to £50 New haven and The Skipper, and £6000 to £50 Charge and Broken Hill. In the Melbourne betting market on Tuesday speculation was fairly brisk Newhaven. how ever, showed f-igns of weakening for the Derby, £130 to £80 being offered against the colt with out takers, and 7 to 4 could, no doubt, Lave been £ot for the aiking. £200 to £50 was accepted about The Officer, For the Melbourne Cup, The Skipper was in good request, £2000 being accepted at 100 to 7, and £2000 was laid New haven at 100 to 6 About Broken Hill, £1000 to £60 was! accepted. The Chevalier was sup ported to win £1500 at 100 to 4, Tire being backed at the same price for £1000- Dream land was supported at £2500 to £75. The fol lowing doubles, Deiby and Cup, were laid: — £2000 to £30 Sabretache and Sabretache, £1000 to £30 Newhaven and The Skipper, £2500 to £25 Charge aud Broken Hill, £2000 to £20 Resolute and The Skipper, £20 -0 to £40 The Officer and The Skipper, and £200 to £20 The Officer and The Chevalier. Dreamland, who has not won a race since he ran away with the Muribrynong Plate three years ago, is at present working at Flemington, and is looking well. The son of Trenton — Nightmare is being still supported bv hia old aimirers, and as he ia now 5 years old be should make a good showing in the Melbourne Cup. The steeplechaser Chris, who met with an irjaiy to his knee after his arrival in Victoria, is to be sent back to New Zjaland. During the settling over the CAulfield meeting on Monday, wine was called for at the instance of Mr. James Mitchell, owner of the Cup winner. Mr. John Buckley proposed the toast of Mr. Mitchell's health, and referred to his sportsman like qualities. The win was the more gratifying to Mr. Mitchell because he bred Cremorne, the winner, himself, There were a few good win ners amongst backers, and he (Mr. Backley) only regretted that the horse had not been more generally bicked. In the absence of Mr Mit chell, an appropriate response was made on hi? behalf by Mr. Phil. Kennedy. The Middle Park Plate, the principal 2 year old race of the present season, was run at New mirket (Eng.) on Friday last, and resulted as under :— Mr. J. Gubbins's Galtee More, by Kendal— Morganette, 1 ; Lord Rosebery'a Velas quez, by Donovan— Vista, 2 ; Sir R. Affleck's Wreath Or, by Kilmartin— Field Azure, 3. After the finish of the Hurdle Race at Oaul fisld on Saturday, R. Smith, J. Smith, and the mare (Miss Tranter) were disqualified for twelve months, as the stewards did not consider the mare'a running satisfactory. An interesting day's racing took place at Rosehill on Saturday. The results were : — Gran- ville Stakes.— Sortie, by Gatesby— Mirosaa, 1 ; Courage, 2 ; Eug!o, 3. Hurdle Race.— C P., by IJalium — Caravan mare, 1 ; Michigan, 2 ; Laddie, 3. Flying Handicap. — Amiable, by Lochiel — Affection, 1 ; Freedom, 2 ; Seabreeze, 3\. Rjsehili Handicap. — Rcdavni, by Invader — Babette, 1 ; Old Clo\ 2 ; Kelso, 3. Juvenile Stakes.— Dj n Djin, by Forest King— -Cumino. 1 ; Phillip, 2 ; Burleigh, 3. Welter Mile —The Sketch, by Abercorn— Cartoon, 1 ; Freedom, 2 ; Bethel, 3 Mr. W. A. Long's chestnut gelding Rose Noble, by Grand Elaneur,— Aureola, was again in evidence at the Sandown Park (Vic.) races on Thursday week Carrying 7.7 (including a 71b. penalty) Rose Noble was sent out at 6 to 4 against for the Park Handicap, and he landed the stake by two lengths. The old grey horse Moscow finishing second, and Teilus a bad third. The Wagga-bred fitly Qnaligy, by Bengal — Qaeen of the Park, also scored a victory at the sime meeting. In the Flying Handicap she ran home a half-neck winner from Grand Brig, Cuolgardie, and a fairly good field, which included the Sydney horse Windfall. According to a Victorian paper the jackey Hicken is likely to go to England with his father, ' Abe ' Hicken, aud will most likely secure a situation in the stable of Mr, Porter, the well known English trainer. It ia seated that negotiations were opened up fur the purchase of The Officer after bis recent victory over the crack colt Newhaveo in the Oaulfl.'ld G-rineaa. The Officer was always a favorite wi-h Mr. Sam Cook, and of course, since his bringing about the downfall of the Derby favorite at Oau field, he has gone up consider ably in hia owner's estimation, and term3 could not be agreed upon. 