CHAPTER IV. — THE END OF THE STORY. As I had expected, the fun of Christ mas Eve was at its height when. I reached Silcoat Hall. I could see the j ruddy light of the broad hall window’s L *? -5 ’-tdi&nier; ds I. drew’nearer. " But I was'' sca-’rcely in a mood to enter upon the gaiety of a Silcoat Christmas Eve at once; so, instead of going in by the great door, I made my way round to a side entrance, and asked a servant to show me up to my room, and to tell Tom Sil coat of my arrival. Five minutes later I was seated in a deep easy-cliair before a roaring’ fire ; and by the time Tom could .make his escape from the company in the hall, I was beginning to feel myself again. In telling Tom of my experiences, I m'ade no reference to niy visit to the Moat Croft; for at present I felt disin clined to encounter his laughter and bantering questioning. He blamed him self for paying any heed to my-, sugges tion that he should not meet me with "horses. “I ought to have known that they would be badly off for mounts at the Station Inn, especially at Christmas time,” he said. "But here you are, safe and sound, and better late than never. I’ll send you up something to eat and drink, and then you must come down and help us amuse the youngsters. I must be off or they’ll follow me in a body, and carry me off by main force.” I found that my portmanteau had ar rived. and had been unstrapped, and while I was waiting for my supper, I renioved all', traces of my struggle-with the storm. When the tray was brought I made a hearty meal, and then, feefing quite refreshed, I left my rooms, and, guided by the sound of music, found my way down to the hall. Sir John and Lady Silcoat gave me a hearty welcome. "You afe fust in time,” cried Tom, coming up; "my Uncle Gerad has just returned home from Italy, and he has promised to give the youngsters a spfeeiai treat. I ,won't tell you what-it is ; but see, they are all taking their placed for tiie show! Come with, me, and I’ll get you a good seat, and introduce you; to my Cousin Stella at the same time,” T saw that seats had been arranged in rows across the-great hall, and now the whole company—men, women, and- chil dren—were hurrying to take their places. I submitted to be led to a place by Tom Silcoat. I was still, feeling a litte. dazed by my sudden entry from the storm out side into all the glitter of this gay scene; but I was suddenly roused by hearing Tom’s voice say: . r “Stella, I want to introduce my oldest chum to you.” ' ' I looked up, and'then gave a violent start, with difficulty suppressing a cry. A most beautiful,garl stood before me with extended hand—a vision of loveli ness so rare that an hour ago I should have said I had never seen anything like it.- But now I knew I had seen her be for. Tom’s cousin, Stella, was the nibst beautiful fair woman I had last seen in the Moat Croft, kneeling at the feet of— “What en earth’s the matter with you, ojd man?” cHed Tpm,, sharply, ::.''~y6u' look as if you had seen a ghost!'"; r The girl had withdrawn her hand, and was looking at me in surprise, and I could only bow stiffly, and say: “X—i beg your pardon; I was a little startled for a moment.” “■Well, well ; sit down,” said Tom. “See! they are putting the lights out." We sat down on the nearest chairs, and as we did so, the hall grew nearly dark. Just before us I saw a pair of heavy black velvet curtains, and pre sently a strong white light was brought to bear upon the place where the cur tains were slightly separated. Natu rally every eye in the hall was fixed upon this spot, and as I gazed at it, a feeling of strange uneasiness crept over Suddenly the black curtains parted slightly, and a pale face appeared at the aperture. Then, indeed. I gave a spasmodic gasp, and pinched myself to see if I were awake. The face was the face of a young man, u Traxcr^-ri^-its- -dcHpesy, and-^Jfair igs&ff; beautiful enough to be the face of Stella Silcoat’s brother ! “For Heaven's sake, tell me what this means, Tom !" I whispered, hoarsely. “Why, what’s got into you, man?” he replied. “Can't you guess ?- My Uncle Gerad's a ventriloquist, and that’s his lay figure. Handsome chap, isn’t he?” Tom's voice was drowned in an out burst of clapping and cheering as the curtains were parted again for a moment to allow a second figure to pass through —the figure of a tall; foreign-looking man. with black, pointed beard and moustachlos. He was dressed in a suit of ruby velvet, and wore the sword of-an Italian nobleman: and as he .bowed to the company, Tom whispered: “That's my Uncle Gerad." I sank back into my chair in a state bordering upon collapse. I wanted to yell aloud with laughter,but I was afraid it would disturb the entertainment. The sudden tansition from tragedy to come dy was almost too much for my already excited nerves, and T was thankful that Uncle Gerad's entertainment proved to be of a comic nature. As it was, some of the graver children looked at me in as tonishment from time to time to- see if it could possibly be a grown-up man who was laughing so heartily at -a children’s entertainment. After the affair was over and the chil dren had all gone to bed. the elder mem bers of the company gathered round the Yule log and somebody suggested ghost stories. “I can tell the latest,” I said; “for it only happened to-night.” I was instantly commanded to begin and I repeated the story of the crime told by the landlord of the Travellers’ Rest, and went on to relate what I had subse quently witnessed at Moat Croft. When I told how I opened the door of the room and saw the stiff, stark figure lying in the light of the lantern, Gerad Silcoat burst into a short and sudden explosion of laughter, and then he remained quiet till I had finished. “It’s a most remarkable coincidence,” he said; “but I must supply the sequel to the story. Of course, the story of the murder at the Moat Croft is all new to me; but Stella and I and our wax figure have evidently played the parts of the ghosts of the murderers and the murder ed to-night. This is how it came about: Just as we were driving past the old house part of jthe harness broke, and our man said he roust patch it up before we could friend neeuec^nsmch or two in his coat, we carried him in with us, and Stella sewed him up by the light of the car riage lamp. We heard the slamming of the door, and as Stella had been getting a little nervous, we took up our man and carried him out at the window, and, finding the harness repaired, drove off at “No wonder you looked a bit startled when I introduced you to the beautiful murderess.” said Tom. “I hope Miss Stella will forgive, me,” I I think she did then. I know that she did soon afterwards; for before I left the Hail at the end of the Christmas holi days Stella Silcoat had promised to be my wife. 