FALSE BVIPBNCB By E. Phillips Oppenheim. Author of " A Monk of Cruta," " Daughter of the Maroni," etc; Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock $ Bovoden, Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED]. PROLOGUE, The last sally had been made and re pulsed, the laBt shot fired ; the fight was over, and victory remained with the white men; And yet, after alii was it a victory or a massacre! if you were a stay-at-home, ani rend the report from the telegrams in your clob, or in the triumphant columns of the : daily papers, especially those on the side o£:the Ministry! you would certainly have pronounced it the former; But if you had been there on the spot, and had seen the hal£-naked, iil-armed natives, with the fire ' of patriotism biasing m their eyeB and leapiDginthekhearts—hadseenthembeing shot down in ro ws by the merciless guns of the English batseries—another view of the; matter might , have presented itBelf to you. It might have occurred to you that these men were ^ fightingon their own soil for; their freedom and their country, and that the spirit which was blinding: their eyes to the hopelessness of resistance, and urging them on to resist the strangers' progress with saoh paBaionate ineffectiveneBB, was, after all; a natural end a poefcio one. But, after' all, that has nothing to do with my story. The battle was over, and lc was morning, away in the east a dull red light had arisen from over the tops of the towering black mountains, and an angry sun waB sullenly shining on the soene of carnage. It wasaiow:hillside,j)noepi'ea8antenoaghto look upon, but at that moment probably the most hideous sight which the whole universe could have, shown, The Bllvery streams, which had trickled lazily down to the valley below, now ran thick and red with blood. The luxuriant shrubsand high waving ferns were trampled down and dis figured, and, most horrible sight of all, everywhere were - strewn the coppercoloured forms of the beaten natives. Tiiere tbey lay apart and in heaps in all im^gin able poatureB, and with all Imaginable expressions oa their hard,- battered faces. Same lay on their sides with their fingers looked around their spears, and the rigidfrownanitconvuiaedpasBionofahun dying hatred branded on their nnmbed fea tares. Oshers less brave had been shot in the back whikt Hying from the death- dealing fite «f the Earope»n guns, and lay stretohed "about in attitudes which in life would have been comical, but in death wera. grotesquely hideous ; and over the sloping fields the misty olondsof smoke still lingered and curled upwards from the bat- tered extinct sheila which lay thiok on the ground. High above the soene of devastation, en a rocky plateau at the summit of the range of hills, were pitohed the tents of the victors, A little apart from these, conspicuous by the flag which floatedabove it, were the general's quarters j and underneath'that sloping roof of canvas a strange scene was being enacted, " Seated amongst a little group ol the superior oMcers, with a heavy frown en his stern face, sat the general, Before him, at aiiltle distance, with a soldier en either side,etoodatal^BUghtyoungmaniinthe uniform of an officer, but swerdiess. His smooth face, as yet beardless, was dyed with a deep flush, whioh might well be there,' whether it proceeded from shames ot indignation. For he was under arrest, and charged with a orime whioh, in a soldier, is heinous indeed—it was cowardice. It was a court-martial before whioh he stood arraigned, although a hastily improvised one. But soldiers have prompt ideas of l^stloe, and General Luxton was a martinet in all matters of discipline. DieoiplinarUn theagh he was, howevert he liked little the task whioh was now before him. He looked up from the papers, whioh were stretched out on the rloketty little round table, with a sudden movement, and bent his frowning gaze upon the accused. The young man returned his gaze ateadily, but the colour in his cheeks grew deeper, " Herbert Devcreux, yoa stand accused of a crime whiah ; in your profession, nothing can palliate or exousor Have you anything to say for yourself ?' "There will be no need for me to say anything, sir," was the prompt .reply. " It is true that I turned my back upon the enemy, but it was to face a greater danger. The man whose life I saved can disprove this oruel charge against me in a moment. I admit that, from your point of view, appearances are suspicious, but you have only to learn from my half-brother, Rupert Deverenx, wliy l quitted my post, and what I effected by so doing, to absolve me at east from: all suspicion of oewardice, however much I may be to blame as a matter of discipline." General Luxton appeared surprised, a little relieved,. «I hope so," he said, not unkindly. '< Roberts, send an orderly to Lieutenant Deveceux's tent,and command his presence at once." The man withdrew, and there was a few minutes' delay, - Then the entrance to the tent was lifted up, and a tall, dark young man, with thin but deolded features, a*}d {bailing black eyeB, stepped forward. H§ was handsome, after a certain type, but his expression w*£! too UfelesB and superQiUons to he prepoBsesBing, General Luxtonlooked up and nodded. " Lieutenant Devereux, your halfbrother, who stands aooused of cowardice in the face of the enemy, appeals to yeu to give evidence on his beh*U< \- T what yo^ saw u * us hear fi- 1 - 4^ uim daring the recent tuning," Eagerly, and with a confident light in his fair young faoe, the prisoner turned to* wards the man to whom these words were addressed. But slowly and deliberately the latter turned his back upon hiB half-brother without notiolng his glanoe of appeal, and with a scornful light in his eyes. There was a slight murmur, and an interchange of looks amongst the few who were presens at &iB; significant aotlon. •II do not know, General Luxton," he said, slowly, "what the prisoner can expect me to say likely te benefit him, He oan scarcely be so mad aa to expect me to shield him in this matter on account of our relationship, or to preserve the honour of onr name, and yet I do not see why else he should have appealed to me, I saw very little of the affair, audi would rather not haw sees tfeiSt I w%nldiof to with a message from Colonel Elliott; and, as I passed trench 4,1 saw the prieoner suddenly leave his oompany amd run towards me. He passed several yards to the left, and as he seemed to be hurrying along aimleaaly, I called to him. He made no answer, but——" "Liar I' The word seemed hurlod ont with suoh a passionate intensity that every one started. General Luxton looked up angrily. " Silenoe, Sir ! Ton will have an opportunity of saying what you have to Bay presently. Proceed, Devereux," "As I was saying," Rupert Devereax continued oalmly, without appearing to have inoticed the interruption, " he made no answer, but seemed to wish te avoid me. As the message with whioh I was entrusted was an important one, I rode on and left him hurrying towards the rear," With a sterner air even than he had at first assumed, General Luxton turned towards the unfortunate young man who stood before him. He was standing aB though turned to stone, with wide-open eyeB, staring at the man who had just spoken, attitude and expression alike be speaking an overpowering bewilderment. " You are at liberty to ask the witness any questions;" the General Baid, shortly. For a moment there was a dead silenoe, Then the words came pouring out from his quivering lips like a mountain torrent. ^ Rupert, what have you said ? What does thiB mean ! Good God, are you try fng to ruin me ? Did I not run te your as< sistance because you were beset by those three blackguards! Didn't I kill two of them and save your life ? You can't have forgotten it! Why are yen lying'? Hilton saw it all, and so did Fenwiok. Where are they? My God, this is horrible!" The deep flushhad gone from his cheeks, and left him pale as death. Great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead^ and there was a wild look in his deep blue eyes. But the man to whom he made his passionate appeal kept his back turned and heeded not a word of it; Instead of answering he addressed the General. " General Luxton," Rupert said, oalmly, " the aooused, in denying the truth of my statement, mentiens the names of two men whom he admits were witnesses of this lamentable occurrence. Might I suggest that they be called to give their version V' The General nodded assent, and the thing was done. But Hilton was the only one who answered the summons, and on reference to. a list of the killed and wounded it was found that Fenwick was reported missing. " John Hilton, the accused has appealed to you to give evidence on his behaU. Let us hear what you saw of him during the recent fighting," j The man, an ordinary-looking private, stepped forward^ and saluted. " I only saw him for a moment, sir," he said, slowly; and with a marked reluotanoe. "Iwas ridingbehind Lieutenant Devereox when I saw him leave his company and pass us a few yards to the left. It struck me that he looked very pale, and I thought perhaps he was wounded." "He did not leave his company te come to your master's assistance, then ? ' ( ( Certainly net, sir. We were not M any need of it. None of the enemy were near UB." " Thank you. You oan go, Hilton." The man saluted and went. There was a dead silenoe for a full minute. Then there came a passionate, hysterical cry from the prisoner— "Liar! Liar! General Luxton, upon my honour j eithermy brother and this man are under some hallucination or they have entered into a conspiracy against - me.: Before God Almighty I swear that I only left my post because several jof the enemy had crept down from the hill behind and had attacked my brother and his servant. I killed one of them, *ud the blood of the other 1b Btill on my sword. Why, Rupert/ yon know that you.oalled out, 'Thanks, Herbert, you have saved my life, 1 These were your very words!" The man appealed to shook his head slowly and j» though with great reluctance. The Bight seemed to madden the {prisoner, andhe made a sudden movement forward as though to spring at him, "Oh, this !b horrible!" he cried. " Where is Fenwlck? He saw It ail. Let him be called," General Luxton glanced ^ain at the list " You are unfortnnato in your selections," he said, dryly. " The evidence of Hilton and your brother, to whom you appealed, only strengthen the case against you, Penwick is missing, Herbert Devereux," he went on sternly, " the charge against you has been proved. I, myself, at a most oritical moment, saw you desert your post when it was the centre of attack, audit fell to another's lot to lead your men on to the pursuit. The reasons whioh you have brought forward to aooount for your unwarrantable action have been clearly disposed of. You are most certainly guilty of a orime, whioh, amongst soldiers, there is no pardon, But you are young', and I can- ^ not forget that you are the son of one of th8 most distinguished officers with whom it has been my good fortune te be associated. Fer his sake I am willing to make some allowance for yon—on one condition you may retain your commission, and, I trust, retrieve this well-nigh fatal mistake in the future, To the crime of cowardice you have added the orime of lying! fer that your account of the attack upen your half-brother and your rescue ia a pure fabrication I cannot doubt, The peculiar curve in the defile behind trench . 4 unfortunately hid yon from the field of battle and prevents further e^ence as to the occurrence wfcfclb y6u say,.took But that y QW story is false ne one mwy doubt, The place has been oarefuUy examined,, and there arene dead bedu» within a hundred yards. It seems, from your appeal to your half-brother, that you expected him to shield you at the expense of bis honour. This lie and false statement of yours you must retragfe if you nope fer any mercy from me," There was a offlavulsive agony in the bay's wWte, steamed face as he drew himself up, *?T 0 I ! ? d plteoasly, half indignantly at his judge. But when he tried to speak ne could not, and there was a minute qf two's dead silence whilst he was straggling to obtain the mastery over himself," Illexpeoted a confession, and General Luxtdn removed his eye? icom the prisoner, and bent gJese ever his papers, that none might md the compassion whioh was in his heart, and whioh was reflected in his face. . The words came at last j and shrill and incoherent though they were, there waB a ring of genuine dignity in them. "General Luxton, I have been guilty . on the sword which my fathe; iiimself put into my hands before X left England; by everythlng that is most holy to me I swear that my aooount of this awful oocurrenae is true. Ask the men of whom I was in command when I caught sight of —of him "—and he pointed witha trembling finger and a gesture than whioh nothing could have been more dramatic to his halfbrother—" ask them whether I bore myself like a ooward when those spears were: whistling around us, or when we were fighting hand-to-hand after the first repulse. God knows that I did not, I left my post to enoonnter a greater danger still. Bitterly do I regret that I ever did so ; but it Is the only indisoretios of whioh I am guilty.^ I swear it," General Luxton raised hia head, and what there had been of compassion in his faoe was either gone or effectually concealed, "You have sworn -eaongh already," he said, sternly. "Herbert Dsvereux, I am bitterly disappointed in you. I was willing It IgSK father the gisgr^e whfe I fear will kill him; but yeu out away the ground from under my feet. You are most certainly proved guilty of gross cowardice in the faoe of the enemy, found guilty, not upon the evidence of one man, but of two, and one of those your own relative. Circumstances, too, are strong against you, so are the probabilities. Most undeniably and conclusively you are found guilty ; guilty cf falsehood. You will remain under arrest until I can find an opportunity of sending an escort with you to the Hekla. Your commission is forfeited to the Queen, whose uniform you have diBgraoed." Never a sign of gUilt in the prisoner's countenance. Proudly and indignantly he looked his General straight in the faoe, his cheeks red with-a flush, whioh was not of shame, and the wild fury in his heart bias- ing out Of his eyes. "It is net I who have disgraced the Queen's colours; bnt he—he who has fabricated and sworn to a false string of lies. Rnpert, in your heart alone is the knowledge of why you have done this thing. But some day you shall tell me—dr die," ' There was something Intensely dramatic in the passionate bitterness which vibrated in the shrill boyish, tone, and, as though moved by a common impulse, every one In the tent followed that threatening gesture. But the faoe of Rupert Devereux was little like the face of a guilty man. He looked somewhat agitated, and a good deal pained; but although he was the cynosure cf all eyes, he turned never a shade the paler, nor fUnohed once from the passionate fire whioh was leaping frem the eyes of the young prisoner, He seemed as though about to make some reply; but the General raised his hand, ««Remove the prisoner." There was a sudden commotion, for, with a deep, despairing groan, and arms for a moment lifted high above his head, he had staggered baokwards and sunk heavily to the ground in a dead swoon, What wonder! He was but a boy after all. * * * # # "Herbert! Why, Herbert! Good God! where did you Bpring from ? Are you in« valided ?" The moonlight was streaming (in through the high oriel windows of the long picturegallery, glittering upon the armour and crossed weapons which hung upon the walls, and casting fantastic rays down the polished oak floor. Colonel Sir Charles Devereux dropped the cigar which he had been peacefully smoking, and brought to a sudden halt his leisurely perambulation of this, his favourite resort. Before him, with drooping: head, with sunken cheeks, and with deep black rims under his eyeB, stood, hissenHerbert, who, only a few weeks ago* had departed on his firstcampaign, a happy, carelesa young sub. Was it, indeed, his son, or was itaghost that had Btelen upon him out of the gloomy -shadows of the vast gallery t " Invalided J Would to God that I was dead f' broke from the boy's quivering lips; "lather, I have brought disgrace upon yoa —disgrace upon cur name." And he / stretohedoat his hands towards the long line of pictured warriors, who seemed to be • frowning down upon him from the: wall* «Disgrace that you will' never forgive, never pardon." Like a statue of stone the proud ol<2 soldier: stood: while he listened to his son's story. > Then, with a half-smothered groan, he dellberafeely turnad his back upon him, "Father," he pleaded, "listen to me. Before heavea-X swear that I am innocent. Rupert lied, Why, I don't knew, but ha lied, I never felt fear," His father turned hslf round, "You have been put en yenr defence. General Luxton would never have found your father's son guilty of oowardioe bad there been room for doubt. Th$ ohargg waB proved against you in court-martial. " But, father, it was because they believed Rupert and his man. The'only other men who saw the struggle are dead." Colonel Devereux turned away aud hid his faoa in his hands, ( l A Devereux guilty of oowardioe i" he . groaned, "My God I that it Bhould have been my son 1" Then with a sudden' movement he tamed round. His son had sank upon hia knees before him, and the moon .was throwing -a ghastly light upon his haggard, supplicating face. ' " Oat of my sight and out of my heart for ever, Herbert Devereux!" cried hia fatiier, his tones vibrating with a passionate contempt. You have brought disgrace upon a stainless name. Curse you for it, though you be a thousand times my son. You shall not sleep under this roof again. Be* gone I, -Change your name, I command you t Forget that you are a Devereux, as I mw| snrely shall, Turrn linsndraper, or i£an» milliner, cr lawyer, what yeu will eg that I never see or hear from 1 you again, fie. gone, and eurge you," Scathing and vibrating with soorn though words were, they seemed to touch a dw t , bayVheart, notof humUlation, out 01 rlghteons anger.. He sprang to Ida feet, and held himself for a moment'aft proudly as any of hia armoured ancestors who looked down frem the walls upon father and eon. "Iwfligo, then," he cried, firmly, "ft is rightthat I should go. But, after, aU.it Is false to e»y that I have dlmftti^rosr name. It is Rupert who has £one this.' He turned and walfesd steadily awayi without a baokwara glanee. Oat of the swing, doeia ox* '^e broad staircase, he paseedale^ »>0oiecorridors, between rows Of mpfo statues, down into the mighty 'iO'me-llke hall, and out of the house which he had loved so well. And the servants, who would have pressed forward to weloome him, hung baokin fear, for there was that in his face whioh they shrank from looking upon. Out into the soft summer night he stepped, heedless cf their wonder-C ing glances, and dssm the broad avenurna hurried, never panning ones to breaf&a; in the balmy n ! ght wind, heavy -with She odour of sweet-smelling floweryor to listen to the ringing in the low copse whioh bordered the gardens^ Through a low Iron mte be stepped Sato the park, and walked along, aevei glancing to the right'orto the I e » « vie strange shadows cast by the "mighty oak-trees en the velvety turf, or at the startled deer, who gprnng up on every side of him and bounded gracefully away/or at the rabbits who were scampering about all around in desperate alarm ; once he had loved to watch and to listen to all tlleie things; but now he felt only a burning desire^ to escape from them, *jad to find himself outside the oonfine^ of the home wiroh he wag leaving ever, And not until he had reached the last paling, and had vaulted intq ; fae broad, white toid, did his strong dfeaest him. Theo, fsint and and heartsick, he sank down in a heap on the roadside, and prayed that M might die. A cloudless summer morning, with <tha freshness of dawn etili lingering in the air, A morning whioh seemed about to herald in one of Nature's perfect days, on whioh to be sad were a crime, and to have troubles abBard.. Already the dreamy humming of bees wae floatingin the atmosphere, and the lark had given place to noisier, if les$ musical, songsters. It was a gloriou menu* Jng, Q ?er t^e low, Iron gate of an old°fashioaed garden a girl was leaning, her head mtisg lightly upon hoE hand, gasing ftoroes tho pleasant meadows to tha dacs woods bs* yoad, with a saffe, far-away look in her grey eyes—for she was tbinkiog of her lover, She was dressed in a blue print gown, which hung in simple folds around her straight* slitn figure,and she had carelessly passed the long stalk of a fall-blown red rose with, in her waistband. It was a very pleasant \\\m tb^ tfea adiairingj l^ut an^ sb* • w .'H- obWt |r s |t„ And Gbwe s?ar * soAotntor, although no 4- a casual oue Sadder.!?. like a ghost. the figBVo i:.; mt ^Teavaa stood before hoe. Pale hsandd&hereiled;'leokicg, he Earned t<s h%,vn risen out of the very graced ; sad It wse very Utile to be wondered at that, at Srsfe, sH tthrusk back alarmed. ! Herbert! Herbert! can if; redly be He a aev«r i&aswspdL; buias the fir?* surprisa bsgta to fa^e away, she movi d ferwtrd, sad would have thrown hersetf !n h;s arms. Bsfc ht stont>ed her, Keep bjioe, Marian," hs cried, hoarsely j u keep away from rae S I have come to bid you go«d'bye." A swiff; sadden fear drove the colour from her efceoks,'••and chiliad her through a ad 'hroaghj feufe she faltered out ah answer. "Good-bye, Herbert What d® yeu mew? Ob, tell me what has happened, (JU'O^E l' 1 ''•The one thing worse than death, Marfan—-disgrace Aod then, with Mb face tamed away, and bb eyee resting wearily on the picturesque landscape, h* told her his story. * * # * « The last word had left his quivering «ps, and be stood as though in a dream. The worst wag ever. He had told his father, and he had told her. It seemedllke the end a £ fellthings to him. Suddenly a pair ©f white arms were thrown around bis neck. and a great red rose was crushed "to pieoes against his w&Isfccaat;,. "Herbert? ob, Herbert S how dreadful 1 Don't feok like that, you frighten me He -was striving to free himself, but she would not ?et him go, " Dearest, yeu don't understand ! This fa ruin to res. My father has turned me from the faeuaa,commanded me to bear another aame, disowned me; Be brave, Marian, fer we must part. I am here only to fceHyou this, sad to feidyou farewell." Still she would not let bias go. " You will do nothing o! the sort, sir. I'll not be thrown over in thai: fashion," tebe said, straggling to emlle through her tears. " And Herbert, ch, Herbert! how III yon look I You've bsen &ut; all algbt." Bs did not deny it, but again he strove to disengage himself. Bat she would have none of It. 11 Bertie, dearest," she spoke cheerfully, though her eyes were still swimming with tears, ''you mustn't think that you're going to get rid ef us in this way. You've just got to some into breakfast with me, and afterwards we'll tell grannie all about it. Come along, sir, I insist." He braced himself np for resistance, but be bad still to learn that against a woman's love* mac's will can prevail nothing. At first he'w&s; firm, then wavering, and finally be was led in triumph aoress the smooth lawn and alojsg the winding path to the Fcsfjob window of the morning-room. Bu+ "when bo found himselfface to faoe with the kind eld' lady who bad loved him as her own eca, and saw the tears trickle down her withered, apple-red cheeks as she listened to the tale"which Marian, poured cat, he felt that he bad passed the limits of selfsndura&ce.; For more that ^twenty-four beers be bad neither eaten nor drunk, and fee was sick at heart. Gradually Marian fs-lfc the ixm t which she had drawn tightly s^wugh hers, grow heavier and heavier t tttil at last; ss she finished her tale with a ; little burst of Indignation, be sank back in ' iba arm-ch&.ii', and slowly iainted. But through the miBt which closed in upon him be saw ^nothing but kindly pitying faces bending' over bis, and beard Grannie's i gentle whisper— " I believe you, Herbert," and more emphatic but nbne the less earnest were her wcrf?8j whose sweet, tear-stained faoe, so close to bis, was the last be saw when uncomciauBEeBs was closlng-In upon him. "So do I, Bertie, I bate JJunert," and sweeter ^ban the most heart- stirring music wets the following words she added—*• "-Add I love yeu better than ever. Ob, Grannie, Gr&mie; s lie has fainted !" CHAPTER, I.' M Y A P O L O G Y . Fortune Is the strangest mistress a man ever wooed. Who courts beribe shuns, "who deserves ber she passes over, ajid on him who defies her and .takes so pains to ^ secure ber she lavishes ber favours. I am one o£ those to whom she has shown herself moefc Mad. Msny years ago I vowed my life away to one purpose, and that partly an immoral one. It was a purpose whiob held my I swore it seek no end apart from it, aad I put away frem my thoughts all joys that were nei Included iu sits aeeomplisbment. And yet, having kept my eath, I still possess in the . prime of life every* thing wblttb a man sould wish for. I am rich, and well thought of amongst my ' fellows. I ainniamed to the -Rjbtaan whom I love and life^ is flowing en with me as calmly'and peacefully as the murmuring waters of a woodland stream in' the middle of summer. And, abave all, my heart is at ease, fori have kept say vow. She is « strange mistress indeed ! Nothing hava l gbughi or deserved of her, yet everything! have. Whilst he who was far above me in bisdaserviegs, atid whose suffer- Y ingsnona save himself thoreughiyundersteod, passed through a gloomy life, buffeted by . every wind, stranded by every tide of ' fortune*; misunderstood, wronged, falsely aoouBfid, and nairowly escaped remaining in men's minds only as a prototype of a passionate, unforgiving, Qrifxotio man. That the world may kaow him as he was, and form« better judgment as to bis character, ,1 have gathered together the threads of my life iadissoiubly connected with bis, and have turned them inside out. I have never Indulged myself with the feminine luxury of a diary, but "with a Burer progress than of pen over paper has the record of my strange life been written into , my mind; and so € tell it just as it all oomes back to me, not as a professed storyteller, with harmonious dateB and regular ' evolution of plot, and neatly paged chapters, but in a bolder way, leaving much to be gaessed at, and some things untold, If tbere be any of them I bave occasion to speak still amongst the living (my life hus bo contracted 1 of late tbatmany bave passed out of its horizon),-let them rememberior what purpose I write, and for Ms sake for- ^ bear to compltdn. If the sword were tbe t pen, then woald naine be the pen of a ready writer, ^nd I mifglit be able to touoh lightly on their Bhortoomings, and gild over tbe bl&ck; spots on my own lifer But enough of- excuses. I 'take up my pen a blunt Englishman* an athlete rather than a scholar, to write a plain story which shall , serve not as a eulogy, but as a justification of,the man to wbem many years of my life have been ungrudgingly given,' Let all those who may feel disposed to cavil at the discpsne&ted;&ejB; of my loosely jointed story, remember-this, and besilent. CHAPIER II. T H E J I E S T C L O T T B . About a'mile seaward from. Porlook, separated from it by a narrow strip of tbe most luxuriant meadewland in Devonshire, lies tbe village of Boeslngton. Perhaps it were better called a bamlet, for at the time •when I knew anything About It (which, let -the tourist remember, js Jnany years ago) it oensis&ed;^utiof sis or seven cottages, a farmhouse, Jand a half-ruined old manor < liou$e, for fchBprivilege of llfing ia whioh my J&tiier; pjiid ten pounds a year, or some each trifling sum, to the neighbouring clergjrcaan. whoso property it was. But what the place lacked in size was certainly atoned for—and more than ^tr,* -.Ity^- bpswtv ft H-B F«tBltHon. sW- lb, llVe A w\gMv protective rose Bopsfngton Headland, covered alwa^ wJtb a soft, eprlnev turf, and plow- , 5 »g in midsummer with the brilliant db1^ur« Ing of riob pn?ple heatW and yellow gertie. Oftwn biye. I etood on its highest point, and with my bead bared to the etren? fresh breeze, wafefced the sun rise over the Dartmoos Hills a.ad Dtmkflrry Beaoon, and wailsd antil It shed its first warm cJeams on the white oottages and queer old church* tower of TPo?Jeck, wHoh lay olaatered to. eether in picturesque irregularity at tbe bead of the little bav. And almost as often bave I gaizad upon the same scene from the same spot bv the leas distinct: but more fa&rssonicne; light el the fnlLharvest moon and hare wondered in which guise it seemed the fairest. Behind Boseinstton lay Aliercombe Woods, great tree-covered hills sloping on one side down to the road which connected, and «UU ooaneots, Forlock with Minehead and tbe outside - world, and on the other, desoending precipitously to the Bea ; so precipltonsly indeed that It seemed always; a wonder tame bow tbe thickly growing but stunted fir trees could preserve their shape and rega!»rity, ; The descent from Bossing-1 t3? Headland lnto Porleck wse by a steep ^ winding path through AMeroombe Woods, and many a time I have looked through the thin coating of creen leaves upon the fields which stretched like a piece of patohwork below down to the sea,: and wondered; whether any other country in the world <1 had never been out of Devonshire then) could be more beautiful than this. - Within a stone's throw of where the blue sea of our English Bay of Naples rippled in en to the firm, white sands* was the tumble^ dewn old building in whiob we lived. What there bad been of walls had long before our time been bidden by -climbing plants and iw, and i» smmmer-time the place from a distance somewhat resembled a gigantic nosegay o£ cottage roses, jessamine, and other creeping Sowers. There was'but a small garden and no sround; for Bossington Headland rose precipitously close to the back of the hease, and in front there was no space for any. A shed served as a Stable for one or two Exmoor ponies, and ssJso as a eleeplng place for the lanky, raw- boned Devonshire lad whom we kept to look after them. - - There were but fewJiabitabls rooms in our mansk>n, but they were suffioIent, for our household was a small one. a My father, mother, sister,^ myself, and a country, servant oomprieed it. We never had a visitor, save ecoaslonally the clergyman from Porlook. We never went anywhere. We knew no one, and at seventeen years of age an idea which had been developing in me for a long time, took' to itself the tangible shape of words. "Father," I said to him one evening when we were sitting out bpon. our little strip of lawn together, be smoking, I envying him for being able to smoke, "do yon know that I have never been ent of Devonsbire—never been further than Exeter even, and I am eighteen years old?" It was long before he answered me, and when, at last, be turned round and did so, I was distressed to see tbe luek of deep an^ety in his worn, handsome faoe, and the troubled ligbt in his clear eyes. " I know it, my boy," he said, pityingly. "I bave been expecting this. Yon are weary of tbe country." I stood tip, with my hands in my pockets and my back against the latticed wall of the bouse, gazing over the sparkling, dancing sea, to where, on tbe horizon, the stars eeemed to stoop and meet it. Was I tired of tbis quiet home ? I scarcely knew j country sports and country sights were dear to me, and I bad no desiro to leave them for ever. I thought of the fat trout in-theExfordBtreanis,»nd'thebuntBman'* rallying call from "t'other side Dunkerry," and tbe wild birds fbat needed so much getting and such quick firing, and of the depp sea fishing, and tbe sheeting up tbe 'coombs from Farmer Puisford's boat^and of tbe delight of shipping ojq* hot summer's day and diving deep down into the cool bracing water. Why should I wish to leave all this? What should I be likely to find pleasanter in tbe world of which, as yet, I know nothing? For a moment or two I hesitated—bnt It was only for a moment or two, Tbe restlessness wbioh bad been growing, up within me fer years was built npnn a solid foundation, and wonld not be silenced. "No, I'm not tired of tbe oountry, father," I Answered, slowly: " I love it too much ever tff be tired of it. But men don't generally live all their lives In ona place, do tbey s without having any work or anything to do except en joy themselves?" " And wbat should you like to be ?" my father asked, quickly. I had long ago made up my mind npon that point, and was not slow to answer— "I should like to be a soldier," I declared, emphatically, I was very little prepared for the result of my words. A spasm of what seemed to be tbe most acute pain passed across my father's face, and he oovered it for a moment with hie haods. When be withdrew them he looked like a ghost, deathly pale in the golden moonlight, and wben he spoke bis voice irembled with emotion. <« forbid that you should wish It seriously he said," for it is the one thing which you can never be." " Oh, Hugh, you do not mean it really; you do not wish to go away from us I'' J turned ronnd, ifor the voice, a soft and gentle one, was my mother's. She was standing in the open window with a fleecy white shawl around her head, and her eyes,- tbe sweetest I ever saw, fixed appealingly upon me. 1 glanced from one to the other blankly, for my disapointment was great. Then, like a flash, a sudden conviction laid bold of me. There was some great and 'mysteriouB reason why we had lived eo long apart from the world. {To be Continued.) 