AtDeadoflght. ? «. ? flu Bustraiiau GUost Story. You don't believe in ghost stories, I suppose-r-the power of human creature to return, even for a few fleeting mo ments, to thiB earth of ours ? Well, I j^ was sceptical on the point myself once. ^Q More years ago than I care to re member, I found myself in Perth (W. A.) wnitner i Bad drifted with some vague idea of proceeding to the goidfields, at that time at the zenith of their fame. But I was not destined to see ' the West,' as it turned out, for many a long day after that. The alteration- in my plans was due to my chance meeting with a man named Adrian Ross. Ross was quite the most extraordinary fellow I have ever known. I think we became fast friends at once. What is that mysterious something that attracts us so strongly to some people at first sight and as strongly repels us from others ? Personally I am a firm believer in the value of these first impressions. I have very rarely found them lead me astray. Ross, I soon discovered, had come out for the benefit of his health. During the long voyage in a sailing ship— it was before the days of steam communi cation with these distant colonies ? a financial crisis occurred in London, and the bank in which Ross's little fortune was — he was an orphan—' suspended payment,' and from being a man in fairly easy circumstances he was all but ruined. He took the reverse with extraordinary coolness, and having completely recovered health andstrength during the four months' voyage, decided, instead of returning to England within a few months, as he had originally planned, to remain and seek indepen dence in the colonies. At that time he was barely thirty, tall, very dark, and with one of those faces whioh, while they oannot claim for a moment to be considered handsome, are yet Bingularly attractive. The expression of the dark eyes was thoughtful and earnest, the rare smile particularly winning. But it was what, for the want of a better term, I must call the personal magnet ism of the man that was so extraordin ary. I verily believe that Boss, if he had set himself the task, could have won the confidence of anybody. One result of our meeting at the hotel was a compact to stick together. The prospect of such companionship delighted me. Ross was a fascinating companion, indeed, deeply read, thoroughly well informed, a brilliant conversationalist, and possessed of a store of information on out-of-the-way subjects at once my wonder and my envy. He took the deepest interest in psychological matters, for example, and although he shrank with the timidity of a girl from exhibiting his powers amongst strangers, was a very remark able ' medium,' as I can testify from personal experience. And it was after a night devoted to ' manifestations ' of this sort that we entered into another compact. It was this: that which ever of us two died first should, if suoh a thing were possible, come back and appear to the other. Boss had no doubt whatever on the subject. To his mind, long oooustomed to dwell on the mysteries beyond, the possibility of the spirit, freed from its earthly bonds, returning here, under certain conditions, had long ceased to be a problem. He regarded it with the calm conviction of one who knows. With me it was quite otherwise. I listened to his arguments, witnessed the extraordinary things he did, and while powerfully impressed, was -yet unconvinced. After many suggestions as to our future plans, and just as we had almost decided to go to Kalgoorlie, a letter caused our thoughts to turn in that direction. Amongst Adrian's fellow passengers in the sailing-ship from London was an old Australian digger, Jack Davis, by name, who had taken a violent fancy to him, and who, hearing of the failure of the bank in whioh (Adrian had confided to him during the voyage) his money was, now wrote over to propose that he should join him ' if be had nothing better in view' at the Kangaroo Flat diggings. Our minds were made up at once. Jack Davis, Adrian assured me, was a fine specimen of the digger (a real white man), rough and ready, but good hearted, and as honest as the day. We arrived in Sydney, all right, after a terribly rough passage, and next day took coach for ' the new rush ' at Kan garoo Flat. Jack Davis and his mate Charley Rogers were waiting for us at 0Ur journey's end, and piloted us over to the camp, seven miles away. ' Kangaroo township, where the couch put us down, was a wonderful place, streets of tents and bark huts, with here and there a corrugated iron store, and no end of weather board ' hotels,'' , The ,pppu tion was some 7.000 then, and' grow ing every day. And4vemonths;before the site of that towramp waa.a nownng wilderness, given fever to shakes mid jingoes I And now the Bnakes and dingoes are once more in poasession; for Kangaroo township has Vanished off the face ot totrii, Adrian v.M ngh* : {Taok . Davis jwas one of th -ight sort. He told me all abou/iJ l'k*8 ''d the prospects as wet*1* oar way to the camp. Sai3 he -Sti Uy glad to get two snoh matejr ; -t he expected to bottom the new jm -efoie very long, and that they Werjfi» anxioos to finish that they Jjad, whjp%waiting Adrian's tpply, titan orjE couple of wages men. ^KBut,' says he, looking with eyi-. flu satisfaction at our athletic build, jHfe'llsoon send them to the right flpnt now, for to tell you the ^h J ?En't half care about * iham. - And. nBarley here thicKs with me. Suppose ? =^=^ we keep 'em on another week and then pay 'em up and let 'em go ? If Cooper and Oakley hadn't been in such a deuced hurry to get away on a wild goose chase to another rush, more than 200 miles away the other side of the big town, I never would have taken on Joe Driffield and Sam Burr. I wanted the other two to wait and see how this hole would pan out. But you see (his lace tell) it s not tbe first we ve sunk, and they're tired waiting, so we bought 'em out for a song, and put these chaps on. But here we are.' The slab hut stood on a bit of a clear ing, all by itself, the next hut was hilf a mile away, or more, and hidden by scrub. urimeld and ISurr, the two wages men, just knocked off work, came in before long, and their appear anie impressed Adrian and my self as unfavourably as it had Jack Davis and his mate. They looked like old ' lags,' and that is probably just - what they were. Driffield was short, broad, bandy-legged and muscu lar. Burr was a sandy, freckled giant, gaunt, but immensely powerful. Both had that furtive, shifty look, so charac teristic of the habitual criminal. Both were taciturn, reserved, sullen. I drew Jack Davis aside the first chance I got, and asked him in the name of wonder how he could have taken on such fel lows ? ' Because,' he replied, 'when Cooper and Oakley slipped us up, we didn't know what to do, for hands, and wages men, let me tell you, are pretty hard to get, just now. But now you two have come, I shall pay them up, and tell them to clear out.' We went out, Adrian, Jack Davis, and myself, after tea that first night, to explore our surroundings. They were not inviting. There might have been a score or so of diggers round about, scattered over an area of two or three miles, because this was compara tively new ground, and a sort of off shoot, as it were, from the main field. There was one little store near ns where they sold mostly everything diggers want (including grog — on the sly), and were open to buy gold, or take it in exchange for goods. Old Levy, the proprietor, made that branch of the business pay well. No, I can't say we fell in love with our surround ings, but what mattered, as Jack Davis said, so long as we ' struck oil ?' And he was confident we should do it, sooner or later. Charley Rogers proved like Davis, a real trump, but the more we saw of Driffield and Burr tbe less we liked them, and when we heard Jack tell them that he wouldn't want them bear after that week we felt that we could the parting with something more than equanimity. The ' wages men ' took their ' notice ' sulkily enough, and kept aloof from us as much as possible. On the Saturday they left us, and in tended, they said, to make tracks for Sydney. They were an' uT-conditioned pair' of ruffians, whose company had -ecome intolerable, and we were de lighted to see the last of them. A fortnight later we bottomed — and ' struck oil.' In other words, we struok a nugget, a tidy-sized one, too, and, roughly speaking, worth £500 or £600. Of course, by the terms of our agreement Ross and myself were not entitled to equal shares with Jack Davis and Charley Rogers, who had ?? borne the heat and burthen of the day,' neither would it have been fair. Yet they insisted on our ' getting a orumb or two from the cake,' as they put it, and on our starting, share and Bhare alike from that out. Jack Da vis's de light knew ne bounds. He was like a child with a new toy. They had had a long spell of bad luck, you see, and, digger-like, Jack would have it that our coming had about ' turned it.' In fact, from an old hand, he went nearly off his head with excitement, and must needs go straight off to tell Levy, the neighbouring storekeeper, who had pre dicted, being a bom croaker, that we should never make much more than tucher on that claim. And of course when Levy heard the news he wanted to trade, and Jack came back declaring ' that— — jew would like to get the nugget himself at about 10 per cent off its value.' 'Never mind,' says Jack, 'I'll go up to Kangaroo to- morrow, and dispose of it there.' But the next day was Christmas Eve, as it happened, and the banks at the township were all closed. However, Jaok's head was fairly turned for tbe time, and he said he would go into town, all the same, to get some ' tuoker ? for Christmas Day.' Charley Rogers said he'd go too, and I had been anxious to go in for some days to get my English, letters at tbe post-office and transact a little pressing private business. ' Well,' said Jack Davis, ' we'll all go in ? What dy'e say ?' he continued, turning to Ross. ' And leave the nugget to look after itself?' replied Adrian with a smile, ' that would hardly be wise, would it, and so many fellows about on the wallaby ?' ' Well,' we can't take it into the township with us very well,' rejoined Davis, 'that's certain. There'd be nowhere to put it till after Boxing Day. Why not plant it here? Who'd be. the wiser?' ' Unfortunately, Jack,' said Adrian, ' You've let the oat out of the bag. Levy knows all 'about the {find, and: what Iievy knows other people will very goon find out. Isn't that so? No, 'plant the nugget here, by all means, but, by way of additional preoaution, I will stop and keep watch and ward over it.. .Ihave a lot of letters I want to writefirtheneit English m*il,«ndl shffltofPUy gSi^5*e chanW of a spell to get them off my mind. JJonely? JUy jgopd fellow, I see you do not know me. iWeverctrald -aak,: with Selkirk, ?Solitude, where are thy charms?' because I know, and appreciate those i&KMtiWdLAm; I ?fee. I. have made a first-olaes Robinson Crusoe. Besides, you'll only be away one night : you'll be back in time to eat your Christmas dinner in camp — always provided the seductions.of the Kangaroo hotels don't provide too'strong for you. Pray don't bother about me, any of you. I haven't the faintest trace of nervous ness in my composition, and am, I assure you, well able to take care of myself, and as for ghosts I am rather partial to their society than otherwise.' We felt he meant it, so we jnst ' planted ' the nugget where we knew it would be right, and next day — Christmas Eve — went over to Kangaroo. Adrian, smoking the big carved meerschaum he reserved for high days and holidays, stood at the hut door, and watched us leave. i tnink ne inuBt have gone on into one of those queer reveries of his, for he was standing at the door, smoking, in the same attitude, every time we looked back, until the hut grew indis tinct in the distance. We three parted company pretty soon after our arrival at the township. I went straight to the post- office to ask for letters for Ross and self, and then proceeded to the office (a lean-to) of the man with whom I had the private husiness, and which w,as the main cause of my visit to ' town.' Jock Davis and Charley Rogers went to make sundry purchases, and indulge, I suspect, in sundry drinks. It was ar ranged that we should meet next day — Christmas morning — and go back to the camp together. I put up at the Boyal Hotel — a rather pretentious title for a sheet-iron building, with a wide, wooden veranhah about it. But it was the best ' house ' in tbe township. Feeling unusually tired and strangely out of Bpirits — but I had been that for the last two days— I turned in early, between 10 and 11 o'clock. I was lucky enough to secure a single room, and although the noise made by rowdies in all stages of in toxication is not conducive to slumber I felt so dead-beat that I was asleep almost as soon as my head touohed the pillow. And I slept like a top for hours. Suddenly I awoke. It was a minute or two before I recollected where I was. Then it all came back to me. It was, perhaps, three o'clock in the morning, and the house was as hushed and stall as the grave. Everyone was in bed, at last. The room was flooded with brilliant moonlight. I could have read a newspaper by that bright light. Did you ever wake, suddenly, in the middle of the night, and feel that someone is in the room — though you could not see anyone, and you knew perfectly well that the door and window were securely fastened before you turned in ? It is not a pleasant feeling, and 1 earnestly and fervently hope it may never be my lot to experience it again, as I did upon that awful Christmas Eve. The night was ' muggy ' and oppressive— a true Australian summer's night— and yet %' shivered as I lay in my bed. There seemed all at once, as it were, to be an awful dullness in the room. Suddenly came a puff of ice cold air. I saw it stir the long, white window-curtains, and then, great heavens t was I dreaming ? — the curtains parted, and a figure glided into the room. It came straight towards me. I couldn't move, I seemed to have lost the power of speech. But my friend was as clear as it is at this moment. The silent figure paused at the foot of my bed. I can see the moonbeams play upon its features now. It was Adrian Boss. He was dressed in his rough digger's jersey, his moleskins, heavy boots, and soft felt hat. His flannel shirt was open at the throat, but ita left side was drenched with blood, and the agonised, appealing look on the ghastly white face, its deathly pallor heightened by the moonbeams, I shall never forget as long as I live. He looked fixedly at me and pointed to his side. I saw bis lips move. He seemed to try to speak. And then, overcome by the horror of tbe whole thing, I lost consciousness. When I came to myself again I was alone once more. I was up at daybreak, and so fever ishly anxious to get baok to the camp that Ididn't wait for Davis and Rogers, but walked out at once. I called at Levy's on my way, and by dint of a good deal of persuasion induced the old man to go up with me to the camp. Yes, I dreaded to go alone. For well I knew what was to come.' The hut wore a peculiarly lonely and deserted aspect as we approached it. The silence seemed to me, in my excited state, ah awful and impressive one/ We quickened our steps, but neither of us said a word. ( We1 couldn't .'speak. The same nameless dread and horrorjof what was to come was on us both. With quickened pulses and hearts strangely chilled by fear we pushed open the door Someone was seated at the table with his back towards us. He turned as we entered. 'Hallo, Armagh I What's up ? You look as if you had seen a ghost I And what the diokens does Levy want ?' The speaker 'was' Adrian Boss.' ' He was having breakfast. He looked rather better than usual. Levy; the storekeeper, gave me jnst one look, one glance of withering contempt whioh said volumes, a whole library, in fact — and walked away without a word.: Boss stared hard at me, as if asking for an explanation. And how : he laughed when I described my 'vision of the night.' ' I'm all right, old man,' he said, as he pushed away j the table and drew, out his favourite meerschaum for a comfortable after-breakfast smoke; 'and the nugget's all right, But it was just as well I stopped. Messrs. Driffield and Burr -/id':pay me a visit, but I rather fancy they regretted it afterwards. If I1 am not very ,muoh mistaken they : have 'carried away 'a slight mark of my esteem in the shape of a revolver bullet apiece in ttie calves otteiiiegs op inAttBwio|hf& porjiftn, of their rascally anatomies. They came last night, having doubtless learned the comparatively defenceless condition of the camp, in the hope of annexing that nugget. But although I was in my bunk, I was pretty wide awake, and when they came in and began to pros pect for that lump of gold I just let them have it — not the gold, but the bullets in the legs. Their yells were terrific. But they got clean away. I should have followed, but didn't know how many mates the cowardly brutes might nof have waiting about outside, And, thinking discretion the better part of valour, I contented myself with bar ricading the hut and preparing for a possible siege. However, they left me alone after that. All's well that ends well, old man. But where are* the other boys ?' The* ' other boys ' soon arrived, and we had one of the jolliest Christrnases I ever semember spending. I have never had' another ' vision,' and if I should have another depend upon it I shall take it more quietly than I did the one I had that sultry Christmas at Kangaroo township. Though, by the way, Ross declared to this hour that there was ' something in ' that nocturnal appear ance of his. His theory is that when the ' sticking-up ' by Dnffield and Burr took place, he was in a terrible ' funk ' about the nugget, for he didn't know how many ' pals ' the pair of ruffians might have lurking about outside, and trjat in that moment of intense anxiety his thoughts turned to me, and mentally be summoned me to his assistance. C. A. Wilkins. — ' Adapted.' 