NEWS OF THE DAY. To-day boing Eastor Monday, tbo business departments of The Age olHoo will bo closed at 10 a.m., and reopened at 6 p.m. During tlio interval advertisements may bo left with tho caretaker in attendance. Tile Governor, accompaniod by Lady Brassoy, travelled ovorland from Sydney on Friday, and on Saturday bis Excellency was present at a mooting of the Exooutive Council at Govern ment House. Yesterday (Sunday) Lord Brossoy visited tho military enonmpmont at Lnngwarrin, and to-day Le will pay an official visit to Bondigo. Lord Erassoy will return to Sydney to-morrow, and will rotnain thero for a few days, In conneotion with tho visit to Bondigo preparations bavo been mado by tho residents of tho goldon eity to accord tho vioo-regat party a very cordial re caption. Tho prinoipnt purpose of tbo visit is to aunblo Lord Brasscy to open tbo annual, Easter Fair in aid of tho local charities. The party leave Spencor- street station by special train nt 8LS5 a.m., >>iid will reach Bondigo about mid day. Tho visitors will bo met at the railway station by tho mayor aad councillors of the city, and aftor boing presented with an address of woloome, Lord and Lady Brasscy will bo drivon to tho town hail escorted by a body of mountod police. Tho Easter Fair proocssion will then be joiood, after whioh tho Governor will doclaio tho fair open. In the afternoon he will open tho hortioultural show, also tho Torapornnco Free Library, and thon viBit tbo art gallory. If timo permits Lord and Lady Brassoy will also visit tho looal benevolent asylum and hospital. In the ovon- ing they will be entertained at a banquet in the town hail. Tolmorrow will bo devotod to receiving addresses from tlio neighboring muni cipalities aud friendly sooietics, and a visit will bo paid to tho South St. Mungo Compauy. Lord aud Lady Brassoy leave Bondigo for Mel- bourao to-morrov at 12.30 p.m. So far the Eastor holidays have parsed oil to the accompaniment of delightfully fino weather, aud it ncods only genial sunshino to-day to rea der this annual spell from bus'moss worries one of tho most enjoyable of rccont years. Good Friday and Saturday were perfect days, and yes terday, though a trifle bois'erous, wasgcncraily fine. If tho same fnvorabio conditions obtain to-day tho outdoor attractions will doubtlois ho liberally patroniicd. From the amusement point of view this is tho gayest day of the holi- days. Tho Druids' gala at tho Exhibition- buildinga, with its uttractlvo programme of bicycle sports aud other amusements, is the chief fcaturo in tho day's entertainment, and those who desire io witness an interesting procession will bo able to do so by boing in the vicinity of Bourkc-street at 10.45. For tboso desirous of a blow on the sea thero aro attrac tive trips to Sorrento by either the Ozone or tho Hygeia, stnrting at 10.30, and to Fortarlington, Bellarine Gardens (where a programme of sport's is to be carried out) and Gealong by cither the Edinn, starting at 10 a.m., or tho Courier, start ing at 10 a.m. A race meoting at Williamstown will suppy. tho wants of horse devotees, whilst those who wish for enjoyment further afield will find tho Easter fair at Bondigo, which, as is explained in another paragraph, is to bo attended by the Governor ; the Ruilway de partment has arranged spcoial trains for the convcnicnco of Melbourne visitors. Cheap excursions wilt niso be run to various othor country lesorts, and extra trains will ho in readiness to convey visitors to the camp at Langwarrin. Iu tiic evaniog thero will bo a round of amusements, including sonsa'.ionat drama at tlio Theatre Royal and Alexnndia, a variety ontertainincnt at thcOpoia Houso, a carnival at the North Mclbourno town hall, tho Gettysburg cyolorutr.n, tho "Waxworks, and, most interesting of all, tho first produotion in Australia at the Frincoss's Theatre of tho much disousrod . Trilby by Mr. A. M. Palmer's American company. With this plcuitudo of attractions to oboosc from holiday seekers should hot bavo much difficulty in enjoying themselves provided tho weather kcops fine. The Melbourne Telegraph office yostorday morningrccoivod notification from Adelaide that the Port Darwin telegraph liuo had bcon inter rupted north of Daly Waters, in Central Aus tralia, Binco 4 p.m. on Saturday, and that repairing parlies had been sent- out to ascertain tlio. cause and remedy it. Meantime, it was added, arrangements had been mado for cablegrams to be forwarded vid Brromo by the West Australian cubic. As West Australian tolegrams are seldom less than two days boliind dnto, it is fortunato at such an important and disturbed timo in tho affairs of tho Empiro that tho pubtio have not to wait for cablo information to filter slowly through from Albany to Adelaide. At 11.20 last night tho' Molbourno telegraph office received the follow ing advico from Adelaido : — " Communication restored on Port Dnrwin lino at 9.20 p. m. Tho I trouble wis caused by a man named Fitzgerald, who hay cut the wire on two previous occasions. The fault on this occasion wau 56 miles south of tho Katharine." Some time after midnight pre»s cablo message began to arrive in Mel bourne. The R.M.S. Oceana with .tho incoming mails arrived at AdoUUde at 2.20 p.m. yesterday, and sailed the samo day for Melbourne. Another icene in the unsavory soaudals affect ing the hooorary magistracy woa enaoted on Saturday, when the matter eame before tho Kxeoutive Counoil. The decision of the Cabinet to.removo Messrs. IUpiport, Baxter and Bird from tlio bench was oonfirmed, and an Order in Council to that effect was ordored to be gazetted, Tbe Crown Prosecutors are considering tbe evi- donco given before the Loriner Board, with a view to determining whother Messrs. IUpiport and Baxter should bo prosecuted. Tho cable hai already mado tho announce meat that delegates from tbo Manobeator Cooperative Wholesale Sooiety will leave England noxt month for the purpose of buying goods fiom Violorian producers. This gratify ing eyidonco of tho interest now talcon in tbo colony's produotion is duo to tho energy and foresight of Mr. J. SI. Sinclair, tho agent for the Agricultural department in England. Previous reporis forwarded by him which -have becu publishod in oqr columns showed the efforts ho wsBinakingtoturntho attention of the committee of tho Manchester eosiety to tbe advantago they would probablyderhofrom purchaingdirootly in Victoria, a thoy do at present in Donmark and America. Mr. Sinolalr so far succocdcd that he was invited to attend a moating of the commit ' tco-Keld'at Manchester, on 14th February, and In a report to the Minister of Agrlculturo ho Btatos that at that mooting ho read a paper dealing with butter, choose, frozen moat, poultry, rabbits, hares, fruit, wines, honey, grain, tallow and leathor. lie added tho thrco last namoi nrtiolcH bocnuso tbe sooioty hns its own flour mills, soap and boot factories, all of groat eapaoity. Mr. Sinclair pointed out that tho Government inspection of nil produots axportcd gavo tho British consumer a guarantee that ho was getting goods In sound condition, and in tho oase of butter, honoy and wine, free from any possibility of adulteration. Aftor roadiug tho papor the agent states that ho procooded to urgo on tho sooiety tlio desirability of thoir doing business with Viotoria in ttio samo way as with othor countries, by means of thoir own reprosoutatives, thus doing away with middlemen. The paper produced tho offoofc dcairod, and it was resolved unanimously to send out delegates in timo for tho noxt butter Benson. Mr. Sinoluir also stated that whon ho visited Edinburgh and Glasgow ho would take tho opportunity of going boforc tho committee of tho Scottish Co-operative Wholcsnlo Society, aud furnish similar information to that whioh ho bad givon at Manoheslor. Some particulars furnished by Mr. Sinclair as lo tbo buBinoss dono by tho Manchester Co.operntivo Wholesale Society give a slight idea of tbo magnttudo of tbo conoorn. The sooiety omplpys 6400 men, and it» ialc» for 1895 woro noarly £10,000,000. Butter was sold to tbo vnluo of £2,070,600 ; augur, £1,110,203; choose, £272,500; bacon and ham, £586,300; dried fruit, £157,900; ten, £595,600; coffeo and chocolate, £204,500. Direct importations of goods to tho value of £2,574,696 wero made from 14 different countries by far the largost amount going to Dou- mark, which rocaivad £1,352,356 chiefly for tbo puroh&so; of butter. Tho boot factorial of tho society at Leicester and HeokmondwiUo employ 2547 men, and tlio boots and shoes manufactured during 1895 reached tho enormous total of 1,372,379 pairs. Tbo leathor required was moHtly purchased in Amotion, and thero was no reason why Viatorinn tannerB should not compc'.o for tho business. Tho flour mills of tho sooioty at Dunstan arc of largo capacity, and turnod out Inst year flour to tho value of £301,432. Ho had drawn attention at tlio meoting of the Bocioty whioh ho attendod to the fino quality of Vic torian wheat, and tho manager of tho Scottish Co-opcrativo Society's flour mills at Edinburgh, who was present at tho meeting, stated that lie had recently tried somo Australian wheat with satisfactory results. Iu reply to questions put to hira ho Btatod that the representatives of the -.ooicty who might visit tho colony could make diroct purchases of wheat without tho interven tion of brokers or agents, and that grain growors would ho only too glad to avail themselves of any opportunity to roll &3 direct as possiblo to tho British consumer. Mr, Sinclair has overy hope that tho visit of the sooicty's delegates will result boncfioially to tbe producers of' tlio colony, and he trusts that tbo various trading organisations will furnish- ovory facility for doing business. Froquout applications havo bcon mado to tho Government to take , over tho tramway 'from ICatamatite to Dookio belonging to tho looal ehiro councils. The tramway is run at a great losto tlio dUtriot, and the argumoat has been urged that tho .lino should bo included in tho goperal "pyatem pi railways iu the colony. When , tbo I'romicr w-ns .approached on tho s ibject somo . timo »go hq, piomistd thnt n Minister of. tho. Grown should visit the district during tho rccc39, .so, ,th. condition of tho lino, nnd report on tho subject to tho Gabinot. Mr. Foster, tho Ministor of Mines, will ho visiting that district on Wednesday in -connootion with village sottlomont questions, and ho will then go into tbo matter. Tho Ministor will inspeot the village settlement atKoonoomoo on Thursday, and on Friday ho will he at Barmab. Comraeroial travellers who do business in Now Zealand labor under a disadvantage whioh thoy aro anxious to have removed. It appears thnt on landing travcll.rs aro required to pay a tax of £50, and it has been represented by tho Commissioner of Customs to tho Promicr that -snob a tax must seriously uiToot tlio trado of Victorian merchants. Mr. Tumor has nddrcsscd a letter to the Premier of Now Zealand urging him to rcduco the impost to a merely nominal sum, or, hotter still, remove it altogether. Daring the proceedings of the Intercolonial Medical Congress, hold at Dnncdin in February, n losolution was passed calling attention to the ecrjous extent, to whioh tubcroiilar discuso pre vails throughout- Australasia. It was urgod that as tho discaso was to some: oxtent infec tious, eprcading through moat, milk nnd air, tho Governments of thq different colonies should revise tho necessity whioh oxistod for continuous and, skilled inspection— voterinary ns woll as medical — of cattlo and dairy stook, dairies, milk shops and dbattoits; and for tho pioper disinfeotion of conveynucos, buildings, he., known or stispeoled to have becomo infected. Tho coogress also advised tho uso of tuberouliu as a tost for tile presence of tubcroular and othor diHeaso in dairy stook. Dr. Springtliorpc, who roprssonted Victoria in tho public health section at tho congress, in a report to tlio Premier, refers especially to. this resolution, which he regnrds as of vital importance. Ho points out that tuboroular disenso is responsible for a quarter of tho doiths und.r ono year of ago, half of all dentils during marriageable ages, nnd ono sixth of tho total mortality in civilised lands. It is already tbe grcatoit single oau.e of death in Austral- nsin, and is as common in our largo oitios ns in Europe. Delay in dealing with suoh a scourge meant tho contiunanco of an untold amount of prcvontablo disease, and the mnttor deserved the serious attention of tho Gorornmoat. Dr. Springtborpo's report lias bcon printed and circulated among tlio munici palities of tho colony. Aocompanying tho report is a riroular from tho Premier, inviting particular uttention to tho resolution adopted by tho congress. Mr. Turner noticos ilint the Bnllnrat city counoil has already had the matter under oonBidoration, and has qdopted a resolution inviting tho various councils in and around Ballnrat to a eonforonco to consider the host slops for .pro- venting tlio sproad of tuboroular disease. This notion is highly approved by tlio Government, and it is suggested thnt other municipal bodicB should also endeavor to arrnngo for similar conferences, tho councils of onoh district meeting nnd consulting togothor ns to tho tost means of protecting themselves in this icspeot. In tho Elcctrio Light and Power Aot, passed laBt session, is was piovidod 'that boforo elec trical apparatus could be laid down in any munioipality the consent of tlio local body had to b. obtained. Tlio regulations proscribing tho form of application, and defining the mode in whioh tho munioipai authority is to bo approached, were passed at a meeting of the Executive on Saturday. At a meeting of the Executive Counoil on Saturday Mr. J. A. Gurnor was appointed Crown Prosecutor at a ealaiy of £600 por annum, less porcentago reductions. Tho Commoroial Travellers' sooiatiop Easter Carnival will ho attended by a large num ber of visiting commoroial trav.llars from all tho Australasian colonies. Tho nnnunl oonforcneo of tho United Commoroial Travol- lors' Association of Australqsin takes place to-morrow. Tbo Unitoil Association in cludes tbo Commercial Trnvollors' Associations of Viotoria, Now South Walos, South Australia and Now Zealand, and numhors a total of about 1000 members. Tho festival opeeod with tho recaption of viBitorB from other colonies on Friday, and driving thorn to. Brigh ton Beach in drags, followed r by a tooial' ov.ning at 'tho olub. On Saturday a pionio on a largo scale was he'd at Sandown Park racecourse, for whioh a special train loft Princcs-bridgo at 10.15 a,m. A groat variety of amusomonts nnd athlctio evonts woro providod. To. tiny will- bo devoted to an intercolonial oriokot matoli on tbo Molbourno ground, a. handsome silver opergno being givon as a trophy to tho winning t.am. In tbo evoning a party will, visit tho porformanco of Trilby at tlio Prin- cess's Theatre, whore 200 seats in tho dress - oirolo havo boon soeurcd. f Tbo Archbishop of Melbourne (Dr. Carr) con- tinned his sorios of leeturei on tho Primacy o tbo Roman' Pontiff, at St. Patrlqk'e Gafiliolral last ovonlng, in the proeenoe of a orowdarl toe. grogatlon. Tho Arohblsbop said that cWrta'n of tho promises mado. to .St. Peter wojo not invalidated by thoir subsequent extension jto ell tho apostles. All wcro sent to. pioaefn the Gospoi to tho uttermost ends of tho carlBi, tint that did not interforo witli St. Paul's outlining to bo tlio Apostle of tho Gentiles, or wltlh I'eul and Barnabas boing sopnrated from thin i cat for n spcoial mission to whioh thoy I vroio called by tho Holy Ghost. Origen, fin tlio third contury, pointed out that certain mors exoellent tilings woro givon to l'otsr singlw. In theso tho Primncy of l'otsr consisted. Mnttlic'w Arnold dcolarad that, heonuso.of hor poJco nnd union, ho saw n grout futuro beforo the (intbullo Church, and that tfcoy would cauto flier to ondure whilo the Protostant seels/ would crumble. . Lord Macauiay wroto that fuiir times Binco tho authority of tho Cntliolio Cluircli bed been established in tho west human /intollcct li ad rison against her ; hut each timo sllio cnino out of tho struggle with tho principle of lifo strong within hor, and it was difficult to cop. coivo in what way hIic was to perish. I If 11.0,0 writers hud takon into account the! proiniio of Christ to fouiidyllis oliurch on It lie icck of Pctor, thoy would fiud a rational ytnd easy explanation of a phenomenon which to tl.cm see mod so perplexing. Upon l'etcr- Christ built His church ; to him He gavo the key's of a'utlio. rity, and him Ho charged with thu feeding of His sheep. Christ established one visible hi a I and ' ono centre of authority ; n« St. Cyprus nxnrnnsnd it. Roino was " tho root nnd womb of tlio Catholio Church." And as tlic.samc u nto of things which necessitated Po.cr'B primacy would, oxist to tlio ond of timo, Peter's sue. cossors must bear tlio snmo relations to tho .oliurch as St, Potor boro. By its very natmo, tho l'rimnoy brought with it supromo authority to support, consolidate; unite the ohuroli and make lier triumph over iter enemies. It was a significant fact that no ono had ever alleged that tlio. Primacy of Stl Polcr descended in any way oxcopt in tlio Roman Pontiffs. Tlio fulfilment of Christ'n promise of tho Primacy wasfound among tho last .words in St. John's Gospel. Therefore, when Christ reptoved Peter ns an "adversary" for desiring that Ifis l'nssion should not come to him, Potor bail not yet received tho Primacy. No ono denied that from tlio fifth contury to tlio present the Roman Pontiffs exorcised tlio Primacy. On another occasioa.hu would show from tbo testimony of the fnthors, tlio 'duo reel of counoils and tlio , appoals from ohurchcs, that it was exorcised during tho four first centuries of the ohuroli. A largo audionco gathered in tlio lecture hall of tho Austrnliau Church on Saturday night, on tlio occasion of 1 tho annual convention of the Australasian Thcosopliists'Sooiety,aliody which has now been in cxistcnco for some 14 months. Tlio business of tho convention was tho doiivor- nneo by Sir. G. Pcoil, president of the Sydney Tbcosophical Society; Ji'ss Lillian Edge-; M.A., prcsidont of tho Auckland Thoosophicnl So oioty ; Mr. J. O. Staples, general scorotary of tho Australasian Thoosopbical Society, and Mr. H. H. Champion, of expositions of the dootrino of tlioosopliy as viowod from tlioir individual standpoints. Tbo ohairmnn (Mr. B. Hunt) was careful, however, to announco that their meet- ing tlioro thnt night was a'so meant as an nuswer to certain of their oritics who had asserted tlint tlio sooiety wn3 dead. Man the Master of Evolution constituted tho subjoot of Mr. Poeil's manuscript contribution, nnd lie quoted freely from and emphasised tho writings of Professor Drummond' nnd Mrs. Aiinlo Besnnt in support of the proposition borno in the titio of hiB paper. Miss Edgar spoko at somo longtli, expounding tho dootrioo known to tho cult ns Karma, or tlio Law of Ethical Causa tion. Epitomised this spcoial dootrino in Iheosophy is altruism of ths most beautiful nnd tho highest order. It is claimed that by a sympa thetic recognition of its benefits its practitioners secure perpetual happiness to thomsoiVes ns well as otliors, not only dur ing this lifo, but tho reioenrnntod soul when it returns to its earthly habitation rmscs tlio cbarnotor . . of., its petsonified being nearer to tho ideal, whioh, it was left to bo in ferred, would notuaUy bo attainOil-by tho fito- C03B of ovolutioii whioh acoompnniod tho going nod coming of tlio soul. This latter dootrino, roinearnation, wns oxplninod by Mr. Staples ; and Mr. Clinmpion, who followed him, assured ' his hoarors that tho aitruietio dootrino) of theosophy had dovoloped in him a groaior con- oidcration for mankind than ha had evor be'oto folt. Tho funeral of tlio into ohiof officer of the Government etoamer Lady Looh, Mr. Albort Griffiths; who was drownod in a tragic manner at Blnnkct Bay whilst attempting to land stoics fiom the surf boat, took piaco yestorday after noon, A procession of half a mile in length, beaded by tho A.O.F., marched from tho into !03idon'co' of docoased in Eloctra- street, 'Wiiliamalown, to the tVillinmsiown Cemetery. Tho master of tho steamer, Captain Livingstono, and somo of the officers aud crtw noted ns pn'l bcnrsrB, tho service at the gravo being rend by the Rev. T. Grove, Wosicymi Minister. Tho Molbourno Telegraph. Office yesterday roccivcd notification that Bqndnbcrg, Queens- I land, reported communication '.restored on ths Gomen cnblo to Noumba nt' 5.30 p.m. on 4th inst. From M. \V., Elsternwick, we liava recetred postal noto, 2s. t>d. , on behalf of tlio ilruiincrton miim disaster. ' I Wo bavo received tho following additional contri bution to tlio Tromvith Testimonial l'und .'—From A Gippslaiid Fruit Grower, 2s. 6d. We have received a cheque for £1 10s., bring tlio proceeds of a bazaar hold hy'Miss .Jennie Fraser, ti I Jtiiginn-streot, South Melbourne, on behalf of the I Gliildron's Hospital. I A lantorn entertainment illustrating a trip round I tile world will bo given this evening in tho Itnte- I pondont Church, Colliiis-streot. I It is announced that a grand Eastor carnival wiil I ho opened this evening in thu North Melbourne I town liali in aid of tlio St. Mary's now ltuniali I Catholic Church. The carnival will bo opened by I thu mayor of North Melbourne, Cr. Fogariy. I Thero was a good mustor of the Victorian Sliclcli- I ing Club at Iinmpton on Saturday afternoon. The I beautiful weather prevailing enabled members I present to obtain sketelios of intorest uioug lilo I bqach and cliffs near tlio ltotroat Hotel. Hamutcii I will bo ro-vlBited by tho club 011 Saturday next. I 