BAY RONALD, Or, When George the Third was King. I. 1 — now first published. BY HIT CROSXlilELIiV, "jfcUTHOE OF ('DEAD MEN'S DOLLARS," "GOBLIN GOLD," "A JEWEL OF A i . ATX> JOINT AUTHOR OF "VIOLET VYVIAN, M.F.H.," &o.; ; CHAPTER XXHI. -. Amos wag by tbe. edge of the slope. Ale halted there, leaning on his . staff irresolute, hesitating, with the slow ness of old age, whether he had best go to the house and give warning, or go -nearer to tne moan eago ana laos — and look. Somewhat doting these last two years, his ideas same slowly, and to-night seemed half.frozen in his brain, like the blood that stirred slug gishly in his frigid veins. The side door opened ; sharp voiceB of -some wrangling men-servants Startled him. With sadden fear the o)d herd turned and hurried along tbe clean-swept path ..from the back door B_nd bridge to the stables. . Tbey shan't see' me, they shan't see my foot tracks ; no, no, they shan't," be thought, with vague terror. Doubled up from rheumatism be cpuld run hut slowly, with contortions of body and aching joints. It was a belting flight, bat to him a matter of life and death. If I -told them, they'd say why didn't I worn hiin ! I knew 'twouldn't bear ! I knew he'd go in j" Amos kept repeating to himself, as his hob- palled, boots clattered slowly along the bribk-paved .walk; No lights in the stables ; no grooms about. Ah, no one saw him, nobody would know. . Yet it seemed, while he hurried pastj.jss if,; ail-; the trees knew his , «epret; i-The shrubbery bpshes, the dark windows of' the coachhouse and the stables, everything, all the world, knewthat He was a murderer. "T'cpuld ha? told him, I could!" Cold- sweat now ) was trickling down the old' man's withered face. He felt like Cain fleeing from human inter course— an outcast. Once beyond the Btables his pace til n nlrnn a /-I nu Ita Wmut 1 rt« rt 1 n kmi »_ ing breaths.. Where wsb he to go? Ho must hide ; but at home his grand- daughter, with her sharp young eyes, would look him tiirough and through, and ask him what he -was afeared of. :Muttering to himself, he' was mechanically moving mean while towards the bullocks' shed. As his dim eyes saw its tiled roof out lined against the skv, it suddenly struck him that here was his natural harbour of refuge. The oxon's shed was to bim a second home. Boy and man he was used to be daily within itB walls, .suffering no one else to enter those precincts where he felt supreme. Yes, yes; he would hide there where the big dumb beasts would ask no ques- tious. The very walls were friendly, pnd would shelter him. Unbolting the door in the darkness Amos crept in and shut it to, knotting the latch, with a piece of rope to a nail, A. triok he had invented before ' now to prevent intruders from the Outside. Then he paused in the dark- ' ness and felt safe. The oxen were lying down, all but the youngest, that rose at his entrance and sniffed deeply. The old man . quieted him with his voice, and orept nearer. . Ah, the beasts were rare friends 1 He felt the steam of their breath about him, warming the frosty air ; could dimiy descry the ..hugo black forms lying on the straw ; and U seiKe of oompanionahip arid sym pathy stole over him, restoring his scattered wits. Making a nest for bimself in "some loose hay beyond Billy's pen, old Amos curled round , like a dog and dropped down heavily. "He's gone. The old one is '' drowned,"' he began thinking to him-; self, quaking afresh. " I'd be glad if only the young one was put out of ihe way too, I would. They'll call me a witch, and'say I had a hand in the matter, if they come to know I stood by on the bridge and saw him. They'd kill mej; they would. They'll drown ine, too; they would. If they wei;e- to go up now and search Jny house and find that pot full of crooked pins up' the chimney .. . A-r-h 1" He shivered, then reassured himself. "No, no; !Patty is too clever a girl. She'll put' those bloodhounds off tlie track. A| good "wench. Sharp as a'needle. And ' Mr. Dick will stand my friend, He never told about . Ebenezer ; not he. P'raps ho'd he master here again if only the young one was drowned too. Serve them both right." Thus the old man kept on muttering to himself «rif.V» enVialv Vtrftin. He had gone down to the mansion like other folk to look on froiri out side at what of the unusual revelry could be seen. Then he noticed Mr, Saxby come out alone ; watched him by the starlight with dull hatred in his own aged breast, guessing the master's exultant feelings.' And yet by some- human instinct the peasant knew that the rich man had felt alone for years ; for all his triumph sow him standing there alone to-night outside in the snow. Why had he not warned him, when Mr. Saxby stepped- out on the ice? Amos did not rightly know. A sudden savage joy only filled his soul at the sound of the crack — the soream — at sight of the disappearing figure. His thoughts, had they takenshape in words, inieht have been, " A'1, that will teach him; that. will. A fine sousing. Serve him right 1" But Amos had not thought — there was no time; He had only stared, with the slow curiosity of eighty years, to see what -JTrild happen next. Perhaps, had he seen Philip Saxby struggling, some emotion of. pity might have stirred within bim, but as it was the' shock was' too sudden ; the ice opened, the dark water received its viotim,' and all was over. 1 ' So the old ox-driver lay quaking in the stall — the only living being who.' knew that Philip Saxby had just been gasping, drowning under the ioe, while ,.fiddles were twnnging iu tlie hall, and his son and guests were footing it merrily in a counfcrv dance. — # ; # Meanwhile, inside Rook hurst, Priilip Saxby was riot missed until supper time. Then the principal dowager in the ballroom stood waiting in some displeasure, surrounded by other impatient supper-going couples, for the host was not to be found. Richie bustled hero and there, ours- ing his father genteelly under his breath for an old fool. A vain hue and cry was raised through the drawing-room and joined in as a good joke. As in the story of " The Mistletoe Bough," so the guests pretended to search, jesting with Richie on his father's late her mit existence and how the anchorite must have fled to escape the sounds and sights of dissipation. So ten minutes passed. Then Richie seeing olouds on some of the more hungry elderly ladies' faces, hurfcied to offer himself as a substitute for his de faulting parent His father was un well ; gone to bed, With simpering smiloa he assured her ladyship that the'honour thus devolving upon him self prevented him from regretting his father's enforced absence. Showing really praiseworthy tact Richie re organised the supper procession, and led them all into the diningrroom. Here the guests supped heartily, joked Irtiirflv of thA AftnfcrAt.emnfl. hut. in whistlers to the servants, ordered, all the same, their carriages immediately. The dowagers, it seemed, had passed round the word, huffily, that a alight was put upon them by Mr. Saxby, and that in spite of Richie's profusion of amiability it behoved their dignity to retire like their host, Richie caught what was passing in their minds and hastily signed to Mibs Murdoch, who had presided over the tea-tableB all the evening, then hissed in her ear, "Go upstairs and pull my father out of bed. Make him come down. Tell him the Duchess will never come again ; she is very angry." " Aro you sure he is in bed ?" whis pered Miss Murdoch with a strangely troubled face. " I have listened out side the door and he is not snoring. He al ways snores early. Every night I hear him all down the long pas sage." . I " Go ' rind sre. Why can't you I make- him come? The whole aflair is being spoilt to-night." A few seconds later Miss Murdoch's thin gaurit figure was- bending down, as she put her ear to the .keyhole'of Mr. Saxby's bedroom. , She listened intently for some minutes. Not a sound. Then she tapped .with cold, -longflngers, tapped again — now louder. Still no answer; all- quiet. Fearful of Philip's stern displeasure she softly turned the handle and peered into . the room. All was dark. She called his name low, louder ; -spoke, excusing . her intrusion, hurriedly ; then with a sudden resolution groped her way/forward, in ; the darkness; touched the bed. -It was quite empt? Filled with sudden ..terrors she limped hastily downstairs, almost slipping, on 'the polished wooden steps ia her haste, and began searching through . the corridors, passing like a ' black ghost by happy couples sitting in nook8: and curtained recesses. Fresh fears filled her ' that the county gentry would soon be ronlly-gone ; then JLVIl/illvl WUU1U LUill UjlvU Uvij uuu Jwt all hie smooth voice and purring I ways tho housekeeper was afraid of him. She had reared liim from a child, worshipped. him slavishly, yet in her heart she believed he disliked her; might even persuade his father to turn her out of doors after all her years, of service. Then she Hurried into tho servants' quarters, with sharp accents questioning euch maid and man when they had seen their master last. A little pantry-boy, whom she caught by the ear just as he was: devouring a stolen mince pip, blurted, out, choking and frightened,. that he hod seen Mr. Saxby go out by the side door. A quarter ? half an hour ago ! He could not say. Out into the darkness and cold Miss Murdoch hurried, stole over the bridge with hesitating riteps, not to vex Philip, who was irascible if interrupted in his lonely moods. : She looked over the bridge: the row of ducks which had been so lately disturbed set up a fresh , quack ing. The sound drew her eyes down wards, and through the winter dark- ness, to which her sight was growing accustomed; she could just discern footsteps in the snow leading to tho moat. ' Ah, heavens, the ioe was broken ! A woman's scream rang out wildly ; then another and another. She hur ried down to the moat edge, and, dropping upon her knees, begnn beat ing her breast with her hands, wring ing them, raising them up to the night sky, as still she screamed and screamed again until those shrieks penetrated into the passages of tho house and a crowd of frightened ser vants, ' carrying lights, hurried out. There they found the half-maddened woman pointing widely at the water where a dark object was floating. (10 BE CONTINUED.) 