^nqiiseEqeijts. Theatre Royal: The Vivien Darville of Miss Elizabeth Wat son makes one regret she wasn’t a good woman. Elegant and accomplished, evident capabilities for good, the deviltry of the character, is more noticeable from the thought of what she might have been under happier circumstances. Miss Watson’s reading of the part is excellent and she never for an instant, from her en trance to her final exit, leaves the audience in doubt for a minute but that she has come to make mischief. Miss Frances Ross, on the contrary, strikes the key-note of sympathy. A lady to her finger tips, The Countess of Desborough is the ideal heroine. Her deep love for her husband and child, her hdfcrcr at the discovery of her would be betrayer’s designs under the cloak of friendship and her patience and dignity are finely shown. Miss Yirgie Vivienne is as winsome as can be as Annette, and it requires a very considerable amount of charm to make it apparent to ordinary mortals that there is reason for the oft-engaged Dr. Streatheld preferring this bud to that full blown rose, the Duchess. And what a favourite that Duchess is. Mrs. Holt impersonates her to the life. Slangy without a trace of vulgarity, handsome, out spoken and kind hearted, it is a wonder the amorous doctor didn’t succumb to her many charms and thousands. Mrs. Donelly is safe in Miss Flora Anstead’s hands, and the somewhat “ weepy part of Mary Aylmer is quietly played by Miss Granville. Several other ladies dress beautifully and comport themselves naturally. If all scions of aristocracy were such men as Walter Baker, there would never be, or have been, such a thing as a republic. Not but that the extravagance of the Dari is repre hensible, and no doubt it was wrong of him to flirt with the syren Darville in the past, but the fine, manly, dignified Desborouyh is such a splendid fellow that all is forgiven him, and the Sydney public is as interested in the success of Chpstone in the Derby, as himself. Not so much for the horse’s sake, as the owner’s (although Clipstone in Sir William’s skin, is goodly to look on). Yet another fine looking fellow is Major Mostyn (Albert Norman) but what an unmitigated scoundrel he is. He is the betrayer of every confidence that honourable men hold sacred and that he is foiled in the end is the greatest possible satisfaction. Charley Brown’s study of the honest trainer is as life-like as anything this good character actor has given us. He is of the turf, turfey,. but real “ grit ” and honest as the day is long. At present I have only time to offer a small tribute of praise to Bland Holt for his genuine performance as Dr. Cyprian Streatfield. His mis fortune is to be unlucky in his numerous affairs of the heart, he never really knows his own mind till he meets Annette and even then he is in danger of being yet once more “ left.” The genial comedian-manager is quite at home in the part and runs The Earl and Countess very close for the biggest share of sympathy. The Criterion : A welcome and enjoyable series of revivals has been arranged by the management to wind up the present season. On Saturday, Monday and Tuesday last An Ideal Hus band was presented. The performance of this charming comedy was delightful. Mrs. Brough was Mrs. Cheveley, the part origin ally played here by Miss Oliffe, Miss Hardy succeeded Miss Noble as Mabel Chiltern and Miss Watt-Tanner was Lady Markby, originally played by Miss Talbot. Miss Faber and Messrs. Titheradge, Ward and Boucicault were in their original parts.. Every situation was telling, every point scored and every line appreciated. On Wednesday The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith again afforded Mrs. Brough and Mr. Boucicault opportunity of display ing their genius for trying characters. The Hebrew has previous ly criticised the performance at length, and nothing remains to be further said of this really great performance, unless it be to wonder that so young a man as ‘ Dot ’ Boucicault has so thorough a grasp of such a character, a mastery that would reflect credit on an actor of twice, or thrice, .his years and experience, and at the versatility of Mrs. Brough, who is such a .true artiste that any part she essays is agreeable and finished,, from the lightest of comedy to the subtle, almost tragic, charac ters of Pinero. From the “ box-office ” standpoint, these revivals are more than satisfactory, the fact of the season getting so near its close, no doubt, accounting to some extent for tbe big audi ences. The concluding programme will be : To-morrow and Mom day, The Passport; Tuesday and Wednesday, The Second Mrs.. Tanqueray ; Thursday, The Idler; Friday, The Magistrate; and to-morrow week, The Amazons, the farewell to Mr. Boucicault and the final appearance of the company under the partnership management. The Lyceum : Perhaps the most enjoyable item in Trilby is the unseen singing of Den Dolt. The illusion is complete. We are in the foyer, but we cannot see the singer as Madame Vinard and others do, We hear the applause which announces that La/ Svengali has appeared. The house is hushed, then the orchestral symphony and then the singer. The deep sympathetic contralto notes come from the vast unseen auditorium, the plaudits of the audience and later the murmurs of discontent and ensuing storm of hisses and groans, which announce that some fiasco has taken place, are all so realistic. The whole is a masterly effect, part real/ part imaginative, wholly, clever. r Miss Regina. Nagel is the promising sipger who completes, this, illusion ana in no ’small degree adds to the dramatic triumph of the scene. Triltiy re mains yet another fortnight, and the generous support warrants thelong run. , . , The Circus : “ Brighter weather, better business'” is'a rule with Sydney amusements and amongst them Fitzgerald Btos.’, huge tent full of \yonderful performers, bipeds and quadrupeds attracts big crowds. The genial Tom has been away in Mel bourne, arranging with the All Nations' Carnival people for October. Constant change of programme and everything of the best command success, and the brothers get their deserts. Dan Fitzgerald says Sir William may be a very good horse for Bland Hplt, but he can't tallc. The last eight nights are announced !i Her Majesty’s : Messrs. Woods and Marshall produced Frank Harvey’s Wages of Sin last Saturday night and the melodrama, satisfactorily cast and mounted, has been well patronised throughout the week. An important change takes place to morrow. The management has engaged the Author-Actor, George Darrell, for a season, and under his supervision The Sunny South will be reproduced. This favorite drama of purely Australian interest will be new to many theatre-goers and will be welcomed by others who enjoyed its performances years ago. Darrell, of course, tackles the “ star ” part, Mat Morley, and it is presumed that he is familiar with it, considering that he has played it over 700 times. Gladys Leigh and Wilfred Shine are tto join Her Majesty’s “ P.D 0.” and Mrs. Harry Marshall, the Misses Lilia Wilde and Edith Barrow, and Leston and Johnston Weir will re-appear. Liberality of scenic display and attention to proper mounting has always been Alfred Woods’ rule, and especial pains have taken to appropriately present The Sunny South. The Tivoli: The letters of (Godfrey’s name are the initials -of the really clever people engaged by Rickards at the Sydney Hall. Placing them in letter order they read Godfrey, O’Gorman and Tennyson, D’Ensem, Faning, Rae Cowan, Esdaile, and Yorke. The trouble is that i/he hero of Balaclava wasn’t a Bachelor of Music that we coul,d have completed the list with Bain and, Maven. , , . , > Rev. 1 Charles Clark : Dqring the 1 past Week1 the popular qrator has tuned every string on his lyre. The last nights are announced pf his absolutely farewell appearances. If the rev. gentleman has filled in his time? during his absence from Aus tralia, as profitably as he lias done here always, he can surely afford to put himself “ in lavender ” for the rest df hi’s day's. 1 1 ' < r < Town Hall : The good old magic-lantern has ever been a friend to the showman. The M*L. doesn’t hang round on Mon day and peremptorily demand the pedestrian exercise of “ the Ghost,” neither does the M.L. require elaborate scenery when it ■“ stars,” neither are its travelling expenses heavy. Ht is stated that 4000 children and adults were at the Town Hall last Friday .night to see a magic-lantern and, unless close up, fail to hear a portly cleric in explanation of its views. Dion Bouoioault’s Departure : A fortnight hence, ‘ Dot ’ Boucicault will be tendered a benefit on the eve of his departure for England. Apart from Mr. Boucicault’s personal popularity, his great talent and artistic management, the productions of the best modern comedies and plays by Mr. Brough and himself, is alone sufficient warranty for such public recognition as should make his “ farewell” an exceptionally complimentary one—com plimentary in every sense of the word. The members of the “ B.-B.” company will be the sole contributors to the programme, the comedy chosen being The Amazons, although offers of help, and the express desire to share in such a labour of love, have been made by almost every artist in Sydney. On Monday after noon last a meeting at the Australia Hotel, convened by Messrs. Oritchett Walker, B. R. Wise and Adrian Knox, was held. Mr. B. R. Wise was voted to the chair, and amongst those present, in addition to the gentlemen already mentioned, were—Messrs. Bland Holt, Titheradge, D. O’Connor, M.L.C., Kowalski, J. Ashton, Tom, Roberts, Reginald Allan, A. Hoffnung, A. Conroy, A. G. Milson,, T. Alcock, C. C. Stephen, John Andrews and others. Letters of apology for inability to attend were received from Mr. J. C. Williamson, Princess Theatre, Melbourne; Mr. Goodman, Lyceum Theatre; Mr. S. A. Stephen, Mr. Harry Franks, Dr. Todd, Captain Dangar and others. It was decided that the best way of giving the public an opportunity of testifying their regard for Mr. Boucicault, as an artist and a man, was by opening a subscription list. This was done. Some £30 was collected in the room, and the list was left in the hands of a committee (copsisting of all those present) with Mr. A. Conroy as secretary, and Mr. A. Hoffnung as treasurer. Lists must close on the 17th inst., as Mr. Boucicault leaves a week later. 