COUNTRY BOIES. ON Thursday last two brothers, Fred, and E. JIartin, were fossicking near Brucedale, when Fred., who was on the top, heard the pick that his brother was using below fail out of his hands (says a telegram from Bathurst). Alarmed at receiving no answer to his query, 'What's up?' He let himself down by a rope 60ft5 and found his ? brother unconscious. Fastening the rope round I the prostrate body, GTred. again climbed up the I rope to the surface, and, reaching the windlass, I hauled his brother up. Both then remained in ? a collapsed state..- The rescued man came back I to consciousness first, and restored his exhausted I brother. — RESIDENTS of Kayuga and Muswellbrook re ceived a severe shock when it was reported that Mr. James Gall was found dead in a paddock quite close to his home on Saturday last (writes the local 'Chronicle'). Prom what, could be gleaaied it appears that deceased was engaged ' carting wood for -the family use, and left the house for a second load about half-past 10 a.m. About an hour later Mr. John Guy, jun.,' who was ?working with his father in the garden, noticed a dray standing on the side of a hill opposite them. At between 5 and 6 p.m. he again noticed the dray, and passed a remark concerning it. Whereupon his father asked what he was al luding to, and, being shown the horse and dray, at once felt convinced that sometHlng was amiss, and went to inspect the dray. Upon arrival at '. the scene he found the dray jammed against a large tree partially loaded with wood. After a few minutes' search he' -discovered the body of deceased about ten yards from the dray towards his home. Assistance was at once available, and the body was conveyed to the resi dence of his mother, about a quarter of a mile distant. Sincere sympathy is expressed on all sides for Mrs. Gall and family, for, even prior to deceased's'' father's death, a few mdhths ago, he has been the mainstay of the family. He was highly esteemed by all who knew him, and fcis untimely .death has cast a gloom over the whole district. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. Edward Bowman at Mrs. Gall's residence, and a verdict of accidental death re turned. AN old resident of Albury and Beechworth, and lately of Wodonga, in the person of W. G. Fitzwater, died early on Tuesday morning at his residence, Wodonga-road. The deceased had reached, the age of S5 years, and had resided on the border for thirty years. Mr. Fitzwater was one of the first teamsters on the roads here abouts. He had several experiences with the ' early bushrangers, and his relation of these epi sodes was most interesting. The body was re moved to Beechworth for interment. IT is sometimes necessary to go from home for news. Says the Melbourne 'Herald': — 'The importation of Californian wheat- into Sydney is not an unqualified success. The Sydney bak ers state that they mix it with local flour only in the proportion of from one-seventh, to one sixth, as the imported flour lacks strength. Ca HfGrnian wheat is also found to be weak in grinding, and it has to be mixed with half of South Australian or New South Wales wheat to strengthen it. When it has been used in larger proportion, complaints have arisen in regard to the quality of the bread. A test in Melbourne of Californian flour against the local article has shewn Californian to represent 25 as against JVictorian 47.' OUR Grafton telegram conveys the ' sad intelli gence that Mr. C. N. Stephens has died from the effects of the stroke of paralysis (says the Lis more paper). Mr. Stephens was the manager of the C.S.R. Company's Harwood Mill, a position he had filled for many years.' He was a com paratively young man, and his death will come as a great shock to his family anfl friends. Last ?Thursday he had a tooth extracted, and was im mediately stricken by paralysis, from which he never recovered. He was for a time manager of Yulgilbar Station, and was brother of the late Professor Stephens, of Sydney University. He leaves a wife and family, and we sympathise sin cerely with the bereaved ones. PETER NEILSON and Mrs. Neilson were away from their house at Tanja, and when they re turned about noon, on Tuesday, they saw that a visitor had been there during their absence, and taken1 away a silver watch and chain (re ports the Bega 'Gazette'). Senior-sergeant Church was informed of the robbery, and he at once wired to Constable Blackman, cf Berrna gui, that a stranger had been seen walking to wards 'the port., Constable Blackman lost no time in saddling his horse, and he rode off to wards the Murrah. A couple of miles out he me; his man, and found upon him the missing vaich and chain, and a silver-mounted pipe. On jSIocday morning the man (who gave his name as [ Jlichael Hays, age about 26 years, says he -had come from Bourke) was before Mr. Hales, P.M., at Bega. Neilson recognised the watch as his; evidence was given as to finding the articles in th» possession o'f Hays.; and, the value being de cfared at £4 15s, the Bench dealt with the case by sentencing Hays to three months' imprison ment with hard labor in Bega Gaol. THE friends in connection with the R.C churches throughout the district must be com- / plimented onthe very successful issue of the ba zaar held last week (reports the Moss Vale 'Scrutineer'). A combined effort was made to free the R.C. Presbytery from a debt of £180. this sum has not only been secured, but has been exceeded by over, £120, as the proceeds are, expected to total £300, which organisers and workers must admit is most satisfactory, and is a proof that big things can be accomplished when a large body of workers set resolutely to work with unanimity and determination to achieve a fixed purpose. At the close of the bazaar the Rev. Father Rohan thanked the pub lic for the generous patronage given during the bazaar, and the ladies and gentlemen who work ed so well to make the bazaar the undoubted suc cess it was. The art union prizes were drawn by two children in the presence of Hon. R. E. O'Connor, Mr. Samuel, Mr. C. A. Walker, ana other gentlemen. All present were thoroughly satisfied with the fairness of the drawing, the following being the lucky winners of the twenty prizes respectively: Handsome sulky or £10, Fred Hunter, Burrawang; silver tea and coffee service, Lillie Harrigan, Kangaloon; gent's sad dle and bridle, value £5 5s, E. J. Dunne, Camp belltown; valuable engraving, J. Wright, Rob ertson Park; lady's gold watch and chain, P. Murphy, Coolangatta, Berry; gold bangle, value £3 3s E/ Johnson, Moss Vale; china dessert set,' Miss* E. Turner, Harper Buildings, Brisbane; .-works of Lord Lytton, complete in 20 volumes, J. O'Neill, 116 Quarry-street,, Ultimo; case of wine, F. E. Akers, Kangaloon East; china break fast set, T. Quigg,1 Sutton forest; milch cow, E. M'Mahon, Morton via Milton; china tea service, Annie Yonge, Burrawang; a. guinea,: Miss Ma loney. Commercial Hotel, Moss Vale; crystallo type of his Holiness Leo XIII., Mrs. Peorson, Mittagong; box of tea, Rev. J. Walsh, Bombala; coral ornament, j. Rice, Bowral; a pound note, C. Thomas. Berrima; fat lamb, B. Thomson, Browley, Moss Vale; a heifer, T. W. Dunn, Moss Vale : a fat calf, Mrs. Higgins, Concord. Mr. J. Pringle got the special prize for- selling largest number of tickets. . He sold £10 worth. Misses Farrelly, Cleary, Seery, Rice, Griffiths, and Mr. M'Namara sold large numbers. FOR some time past persons who ? attend even ing service at the R.C. Church, Junee, have been startled by seeing a weird and uncanny appari tion, which nightly took up a position in a medi tative attitude at the foot of jthe hill (reports the Junee 'Democrat'). Descriptive 'accounts of its appearance varied considerably. Come ''were, positive it resembled an old hairy man with a long and silvery beard and a countenance -which bore that mild and- benevolent aspect peculiar to the man, who combines' the duties of a church elder with the directorship of a b6gus bank, while the descriptions o£ others left the impres sion that it was something which was a cross between a bunyip'-and a .load of wood. One ih dividuaf who had resided in a place named Ki ama during a . ghost spare there was certain it was a celeTjEated statesman 'Who was enjoying, a holiday up here jn his. 'usual Sportive fashion. A plucky resident -may Ms shadow never grow less) determiBed. to solve the ; mystery or know the reason ,vrh.y: So arming himself trit^ a breechloader. and .twieniy- ohe -rounds -of ammuni tion he, as the shades of night -were falling fast, quietly wenfied bis way to the haunted' spot, and there tailing ap~ ari^-entrenched position , on. hlJ3 stomach quietly %ited. It rapidly grew 'darK;; and still he waited? Presently 1'lt'\ appeared, the only thing he 'could dtscern'plainly was two large eyes, whicli jglowed hwith unnatural^ bright- ness. Now, at the supreme moment, our hero's resolution never wavered in 'tlie least, but with undaunted courage, and with a Voice rendered shaky with emotion, he called ; jout, 'In. the name of Queen Victoria and ;tfae Empress ot»In dia, I call on you to stands or Til fire!' It stood. , . 'it you have .any to say spatee-outj In the name of St: Pathrick spake!' Just here the apparition deliberately -closed one eye, but remained silent. .. 'I'll ask you three 'times to spake, and if you don't I'M give you. the con tents of tooth barrels! One, will' you spake? Twice, -will you (spake? Third and last time, ?will you -.ipake?''.' Bang! bang! ''and a -wounded - cow dashes madly /towards the distant horizon bellowing mournfully. And thus the Jnnee ghost was laid- . , .-- .. ~ \ ?''?'.-.???.'? ' ? '? :---: ??;??? ' -??/?? . ?''.' 