"HIS NAME IMMANUEL." Bi tkeTate KEV. C. H. SFURGEON. tiES" Behold. :n virgin ehall conceivfl. and bear - Vsegb, and bholl coll His uamo Immaautl. -Isaitth J Wyii 14- , I fP? KINGDOM:, OF" JDDAH was , 1 130 a.condition of imminentperii ; * ^W0Jn^arc^8 leagued againstI . her;, two nations had risen.up fori haraosteaoHpn^ Sjpaana jwaa wel come' I yfc agaihsfc, the-.walls of .Jerusalem, with full intent to razo thcra fco tho ground, or utterly destroy that monarchy; Ahaz tho lcinff, in I great trouble, exerta all hi« ingenuity to I f; defend the city ; and amount the other con- ] g. tnrapcfis which his wisdom tought hm^'Jte thought it fit to cut off the waters of the' upper pool, so that the besiegers might ;bo in ■ distress for want of water. • j . He , goes ont in the mornracr. no dnnbf. attended by hia courtiers, and goes to tlin 1 conduit of the pool, iiitending to see after tho .. stoppage of tho strearn of water; but, lo f fc he meets with something; which sets aMde Ms 1 plM8,reudm^ them needless..; Isaiah steps . forward, and tells him not to be afraid of the Y smote of those two .firebrands, for .*-4 ... God Shall Utterly Destroy ' slboth the nations that had risen up against1 inn ; 'that ho need not fear the prcsefit mva sion, -_for both himself and. Bis kingdom should be saved. Ahaz looked at Isaiah with f/r^xi. -rincI^u^ty,~ as much as to "say t--'• - ' - e *ero to send chariots from' ^heaven, could such a thingasthiabe P^hoiild k,he animate the dust, and quicken brerr stond in Jerusalem to. resist my foes, could that be dpnp^eould I escapo?'' - ^Isaiah, seeing file littleness of Ilia faitli; tcfls him to .ask a sign. " Ask it," says ho ...mtto heavens above ; let tho sun go baok g.his fan degrees, or lot the. moon stop in her midnight marshes j , let', tho ^tam ' mbvc athwart the sky in .grand P«Wsi6i r ask any Sign you p ease fa tho hoivohs abofe ^ if you msh, choose tlio earth- beneath : let tho depths give forth the sign ; let s0„L y waterspout lose its way. aeroi.the pathless ocean, and travel, through, this air to ^•usalcm's very gates ; let'fie heaVehV shower a golden rain, instead of flic Watery J fluid which nsnaliy thoy. distil; ask' that tho fleece may beyvct upon tho dry floor, or -dry in the midst of flew; whatsoever you pleas'^ I to request, the Lord .will, grant it for the con firmation of your faith." • • . i0f this offer.;with flu Gratitude, as he should have done with n pretended humility "deolares that he will not ask, neither will he tempt, the Lord his God. 5*?f: Isaiah, witting indignant; tells fcm that since he will not; in obedience to TCm »lf "n" '• ^ 601)01(1 the Lord s?^, bntfe;' iUm °"^ot Bimply , Tan te xkd Woxdbk of tub Worlti, ttemarkof God's mightiest mystery and of His consummate wisdom. For "a virgin Bunz:c^zd^r a son' and8h"U & hec* that tho paskgol havo1 6u '° my text is, m some rospects, a diffi cult one. .It may be. I certainly did not UIlt)11 saw what tho com mentators had to say about it; aha I rose nn SrS-^Th ?«,tbem PcrfMt'y confused. It fa rartmn that the evangelist Matthew, quoting S'f r?1? Visage says, " As it fa Written. «h f'a TP J?11 conceive, and bear a son, and shall call His narao Immanuel." w! H'at Hntnnnuei, who was > predicted to bo born, could not be & mero^ simple man ;, for if you turn to the next 1110 8ih v4> ft Sd . -~2 1 through Judab; He shall tw™.u lm1g,0,0ver: He'shall reach even to the neck; and tho stretching out of his wings -shall fill the breadth of thy land, 0 ImT p""1'. Hero is a government ascribed to immanuel, which could not bo if wo were to . sqpposo. that the Immanuel hero spoken of ^ motlal. Meed, such a be far below the height of this great argument. _ It docs not speak, or allow whLh^ucCnb;„cfthf aupft TniB Migiitv Passage. ;?n,0v,rsf.tl,<! ^ wllK;h is tho most \-- .1. 0 '18 te refer the passage .fust of autosome child that was and afterwards, in the highest sense, to our blessed Lprd Jesus Christ. Perhaps this is do true sense of it; perhaps this fa tho best way of smoothing difficulties. But I do W r f 1033 those books at nil, but simply como to tho Biblo, withont know I? m i an-T ™,an 1)0(1 written upon'it, I nS br Ha-,d; " Them fa Christ hero as plainly as possible ; never could His name have been written more legibly." . in I Tcme Pk®-1?7 texj> Mrcfore, as coneerhi tlio hfrth 'i?nd lat 08 cohnnence with ".virgin shall conceive, 7, f/1.0, hhtli!. "Let us go. even Unto C.f k'T-J'"1 S0? 16)8 tweet right," said tho hhenlicrd8. " Let us follow tho star in the Sky,": said tho. eastern magi. And £ lotus go una etand by tho manger, to behold fa!LCOmTTOC.I,comcot, of iho incarnation of i ^?* 8^ tho Mo when first /God enveloped Himself in mortal form, and tahor nacled among tho sons of men. - Lot <og not blush to, go -to ,«o homUo aispoti' Lot us stand by that grotto, that cave in the mdo of tho rock, - and let us see Jesus Christ, the Man-God, becomo nn infant. 1\. And, first, we sco liere, in speaking of this.birth,- v A>Mnucui.6T73-Conception. The text sars expressly, 44 Behold, a virgin ! shall/conceive, and%beur a son;1!:. This pression is unparalleled in Sacred Writ. Of 110 other- woman could it be .Baid .beside the Virgin Mary,; and of no other man could' it bo written that his mother was a virgin/ The Greck: word and the Hebrew aro both very expressive of .the true and real virginity • of the mother, 4o 'show us that Jesus Christ, was born of a woman, and notof man; We shall 'lioi-enlargo upon the thought, hut still-it. ii an important one, and ought not to ho passed oyer without mention. Just as the woman, by her venturous spirit, stepped first into transgression, >.God, in His wisdom, devised that the woman,-lest she should be despised and trampled upon, and the woman alone, should be the anther of, the body of tho Man-God who should redeem mankind. Albeit that she herself first tasted the accnrsed fruit, and tempted her husband (it may bo that Adam, out of love to hor, tasted that fruit), lest she should bo degraded, lest she should hot stand ou an equality with him, i God had ordained that so it should be—that i His Son should be sent forth " born of i woman and the first promise ran,' "The [ seed of tho woman," not the seed of the man, i " shall bruise the serpent's head." And, moreover, there was a peculiar wisdom, that Jesus Christ should bo v-: The Son of the Woman, and not of tho man, because, had-He been born of the flesh, " that which is born of tho ■flesh:is flesh," and merely- flesh,-and. Ho would naturally, by carnal generation, have inherited all tho frailties, -. and tbe infirmities, and tho sins which man .hath from his'birth. Ho would have been " conceived in sin,; and aliapen-in iniquity," oven as the rest of. us ; and, therefore,. Ho was not", horn of . man-; but tbe Holy Ghost overshadowed tho Virgin Mary, and He stands, therefore, as the only man, save.one.who came forth pure-from His Maker's hands—who.could ever say,." I am pure " - « Aye) and Ho could eay far more than that other Adam concerning .His jranty; for He maintained His integrity, ana never let it g and from His birth down to His death - know'-no sin, neither was'goiie found in his Hps/ - Oh;' marvellous sight! A child of a virgin 1 Let us stand and look at it. What a mixture ! There is tho finite and the in finite ; there is tho mortal and the immortr'. corruption and incorruption, .the manhood and the Godhead ; time married to eternity, God linked with a creature ; the infinity of the august Maker come to tabernacle on speck of earth; tho vast, unbounded One, whom 'earth conld not hold and heavens cannot contain, lying in his mother's arms ; He who fastened tho pillars of tho universe, and riveted tho nails of creation, hanging on a mortal breast, dependent on a creature for nourishment! Oh, marvellous birth ! Oh, miraculous conception ! We stand, and gaze, and admire. Verily, angels may wish to look into a subject too deep for us to speak of. There wo leave it. A virgin hath con ceived, and borne a son. 2\. In this birth, moreover, having noticed the miraculous conception, we must notice next The Humble Parentage. It doea not say a princess shall conceive and bear a son, but a "virgin." Her virginity was her highest honour ; die had none other. True, she was of royal lineage; she could reckon David among her. forefathers, and Solomon amongst those who stood in the tree of her genealogy. She was a woman not to be despised, albeit that I speak of humble parentage; for sho wasbf tbe blood royal of Judea. Ob, Babe ! in Thy veins there runs the blood of kings; the blood of an ancient monarchy finds its wav from Thy heart all through the courses of Thy body 1 Thou wast born not of mean parents, if we look at their ancient ancestry ; for Thou art the Son of him who ruled tho mightiest monarchy in Ins day—even Solomon ; and Thou art the descendant of one who devised in his heart to build a temple for the mighty God of Jacob 1 Nor was His mother,, in point of intellect, nn inferior woman. I tako it that she bad great strength of mind, otherwise she could not have bom* Eosed so sweet a piece of poetiy as that which Qgins : 4 4 My soul doth magnify the Lord." Chois Not a. Pebson to be Despised. " Blessed art thou among women. Prom henceforth all generations shall call theo blessed." . I suppose Protestant generations are;, amongst the "all generations" who ought to call her blessed.; Her name is Mary ; and quaint -Goorgo Herbert wroto an. anagram upon it:— - , ft Well doth her name an army represent- • r Wherein the Lend of Hosts dotu pitch His Though she was not a princess, yet her name, IMary,. by interpretation signifies a princess ; and though sno bo not the queen of hcayeu,'yet she has a right to be reckoned amongst tho queens of tho earth ; and though she be not .the Lady of our Lord, yet does she walk amongst tho renowned and mighty women of Scripture. . • Yet'Jesus Glirist's birth was an humble one. 'Strange that tho Lord of glory, was W»W,-in jt-nnlnrift !.- Princes:. Christ owes you: nothiiig. Princes, Christ is not your J debfor.' Ye did not swaddle Him: He wasi not wrapped in purple ; ye had not prepared a golden cradle., for Him to be rocked in. Queens, ye-did not dandle Him upon/your knees; He hong not at your breasts. And ye mighty cities, which then were great and famous, your marble halls wero not blessed with bis little footsteps. ' - Hb Caile Out of x- Village ruined and despised, even Bethlehem ; and Ho was not born in tho governor's bouse, or in - the mansion of the chief, man,. but; in a manger..:,..Traditiontells us that His manger was cut in the solid rock. : ^ V . . Xn some cold "place in tKe' danip earth, there was He laid ; and the oxen, likely enough, came to feed from the self-same manger, the liay and the fodder of which was- His only bed. ^ Oh,: wondrous stoop of condescension! that onr blessed" Jesus should bo girded with humility—that Ho stooped so low. Ah ! if He stooped, why should He bend to such a birth r And if -Ho bowed, why should He submit,not simply to become the son of poor parents/ but to be born.'in "so'mistahble a place ? Let us take courage here. If Jesus .Christ was born in a rock, why BhouldHc hot come and live in oar rocky hearts ? ' It He was-born in a stable, why'should not tho stable of our sonls be made, an habita tion for Him ? If Ho was born in poverty, why not the poor^ in spirit expect that He wfilTjo their Iricnd? If He thus endured degradation at the first, will he count it any dishonour to come to the very poorest and humblest of His creatures, and tabernacle in tho souls of His children ? Oh, no ! we can gather a lesson of comfort from His humble parentage *, and we can rejoice that an bumble woman became the mother of the Lord'of:glory. 3.-Bnt yet we must make one more remark upon His birth before , we pass away from it; and- onr third remark shall be . A Gloeious BnmiDAx! WithaU.the humility that surrounded the birth of Christy there was yet very much that was glorious, very much that was honour able. ; No other man ever had such a birth day as Jesus Christ. Of whom had prophets and 'seers ever written? Whose namo is graven on so many tablets • as His ? Who has such a scroll of prophecy, all pointing to him as Jesus Christ, tho Man-God ? Then, recollect His birth !. When did God. ever hang' a fresh lamp in the shy to announce tho birth of a Ctcsar ? Cresars may come, and thoy may die; but stars shall never pro phesy their birth. When did angels stoop from heaven and sing choral symphonies on tho birth of a mighty man?. Nay, all others aro passed by ; but see, in heaven there is a great light shining, and a song is heard, " Glory to God in tho higheston earth peaoe, good-will towards men."His birth is not despicable,, even if wo consider the visitors who came around.His cradle.'.... Shephem)S . Caieb Fnisr, •: unguided and unled, to Bethlehem ; the wise men, directed by the star, came nest; and both together, the representative men of the two • bodies of , mankind,- the • rich and; the poor, Knelt around that manger ; and frank-; incense, and spices, and- myrrh, and all precious gifts were offered to that Child who was " the Prince'of .tho kings of tho earth," who in ancient times was ordained to situpon the throne of His father David and in the wondrous futuro to rule all kingdoms with his" rod of iron. "Behold, a virgin shall conceive,-'and hear a son." •4. And now wo come to . tho Cliild's name. 1 And 'sho shall call his namo Immanuol." Oh! here is a sweet name to give Him. ." She-- shall • call His ., namo Immanuel." Mothers in olden time did call their children by haw w 'whioh had'moaning in them ; they did not give them unmeaningly the names of eminent persons ; hut they had names full of meaning, which recorded some circumstance of their birth;: There"wa8"Cam:^-,c.I have gotten a man from the* Lord," said, his mother, and sho called him Cain. Therewas Soth—-"God has given hr another son instead of Abel." Then came Noah—" In thiachild.. we have restand thoy called him "flJeet." Ishmael was so colled by his mother because God had heard her. Isaac was called " Pro mise," because he was the son of promise. Jacob was called "the Supplanter," or " the Crafty One," because he supplanted his brother. • "Wo might point out rauuy similar instance's.' Perhaps this custom was a good one amongst the-Hebrews, though the peculiar formation of oar language would not frequently allow us to do the same; and thercforo we see that the Virgin Mary Called Heb Sos IanusruEL that there might be a meaning m it. " God with us." My soul, ring these words out! " God with us !" Oh/ it is one of the bells of heaven! Let us strike, it yet again. " God with us!" Oh, it is a stray note from the sonnets of paradise! " God . with .us !" Oh,, it is the lisping of a seraph! !'..God with us !" Oh, it is one of the notes of- the singing of Jehovah, when He rejoices oyer His Church with singing! "God with us !" Tell it! tell it! tell it! This is the name of the hew-born King. " Hark; the herald angels sing!"r Believer, He is God with thee, to protect thee; thou art not alone, because the Saviour is with thee. Put me in the desert, where vegetation grows not; I can still say, " God with us." Put me on the wild ocean, and let my ship dance madly on the waves; I would still say, "Immannel, God.with us." Mount me on the sunbeam, and let me fly beyond the western 6ea ; still I would say, " God with us." Let my body dive down into the depths of the and let me sleep in its caverns ; still I could, as a child of God, say, "God with us." Aye, and in the grave, sleeping there in corruption and des traction, still 'I can see the footmarks of Jesus; He trod the path of all His people, and • •. ^ .. Stxel it is ?• God mm Us." How, a happy Christmas to you alb; and it will bo a happy Christmas "if yon have God with you. / Do nob feast as if you wished to .keep the festival of. Bacchus ;:do not live as if- yon"; adored- some heath en' divinity." Celebrate, your Saviour's birth. Do hot be ashamed to be glad ;-yon have a.right to be. God says, " Go thy way; eat thy bread with joy; let thy garments be always white, and let thy head lack nooiniment." : . _ " Religion never ,was designed " \ To makeour pleasures less." -Go'your-way; rejoice together. Hat. in your feasting, of the Han in Bethlehem: let'Him have a. place: in your: hearts ; and give Him the glory. :I finish by saying, $i A happy Christmas to you all.-' • ' The Queen every Christmas gives': orders for overgreens and white flowers to be sent from the royal gardens at Osborne to decorate the pretty little church of St. Hildred at Whippingham, the central tower of which is siirmonnted by a spire without bells. Host Christmas cards sold in Britain are manufactured in Germany. Tho great. hulk of these are produced by chromo-lifchography, of which Germany is the borne. They canbo produced much cheaper there than in England, wages being lower and the atmospheric and other conditions more favourable. The atmos phere has a good deal to do with ehromo fithography; for on a damp, foggy morning the printer finds his paper strotches, . * smudges and smears are tho result. ' manufacture, it may be mentioned, is going on all the year round; and while tho cards are selling for Christmas 1S96 tho publishers, are busy selecting their designs for 189T» 