WEDDIKG-RING LORE, ... 1®GKNI>.AHD VAC*. weaaing-ongsaro Always interesting, un yet there ^ no apparent reason for it. .A little golden circle!, with neither jewel nor workman ship, yet the Bight end touch pf it suite, inen and women feel mors then roany greater, finer, more wonderful things. . This-symbol of eternity means, eaan cM writer says, that mutual lore and. affection should roundly flow from one to the other, as in a circle, and that continually and for-ever. Herrick thus versifies this idea j—• Close tho' it be The joint is free; So, when Love's yoke u on It most not gall Or fret at all With bard oppression. Bat it mast play Still either way, And be, too, such a yoke, As not too wide To ovefslide Or be to straight to choke. And as this round Is nowhere.foond To flaw, or else to sever, So let onr love As endless prove, And pure as gold for ever. So many writers have glorified the plain circle of gold, and its associations have an intense interest which even modern times iconoclasts cannot dissever from it. Nothing is so eloquent as a wedding-ring, whether it be found on the finger of a drowned girl, among the clothes of a forsaken child, on the hand of an old lady, in a treasure-box, m a tomb, near a man's heart, or anywhere but piled in heaps on the tray of a jeweller's shop. Dr. Johnson's reverence for a memory is pathetic yet strong. On March 28,1753, he writes" I kept this day as the anniversary of Letty's death with prayers and tears in the morning. .In the evening I prayed for her condition if it was lawful." He kept bis wedding-ring in a small box, with a paper inscribed, "JSheu! Eliz. Johnson, nupta July 9, 1736; mortua, eheu! Mart 17, 1752." There was a time, some hundreds of years ago, when rush rings were used in France and England for marnage3 which were'built on very shaky ground. Old women used to say " 'Twas a good world when such simplicitie was used, when a ring of rush would tye as much love together as a gimmon of gold." History repeats itself. Sub stitutes for wedding-rings have been—a piece of kid glove, the Church key, a handle of a scissors, a piece of string, a bed curtain ring, a china cup handle, &c.; When Princess Mary, daughter of Henry VIII., was betrothed to the Dauphin of France he was nine months, she was two years old. Perhaps (he smallest wedding-ring in the world appeared when Wolsey passed a gold ring, with a valuable diamond,- over the diminutive lady's finger. Duringthe Commonwealth rings were abolished during weddings, and here are some curious lines from " Hudibras"■ Others were for abolishing That tool of matrimony, a ring With which the unsan.-tified bridegroom Is married only to a thumb. The bride to nothing but her will. That nulls the after-marriage still. Women used to wear this ringon thathumb. Reasons given for wearing it on the fourth finger are manifold. In anciont days the bridegroom repeated "In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" at each finger, leaving the ring on the fourth finger, with the word "Amen." It was believed that the fourth finger was nearest the heart—but the pretty myth has faded in the glare of scientific knowledge. Reasons given for wearing it on the left hand are that the wife is the lesser light, and must depend on the man, so an early reform towards woman's eman cipation is to change the ring to the right hand. The best reasons given for wearing the ring on the fourth linger are these:—It is more convenient, it is an old custom, it has the peculiarity of being unable to stretch out without an accompanying finger, thus saving the ring from bruises. There is a curious little note about Levbard, the Saint of Tours, who being persuaded in his youth to marry, gave his betrothed a ring, a kiss, and a pair of shoes—the last being a sign of his great sub jection to her, and to bind his feet, the ring binding his hands. In the sixteenth century plain gold rings were given away by the score at wedding feasts, and one " sober philosopher" gave away at a maidservant's wedding gold wire ring3 to the value of £4,000. When Queen Victoria was married a design, not a quarter of an inch in diameter, was made, showing a fine profile of her bead, and distri buted to distinguished people. Among the alleged origins of rings, wedding and betrothal, this is one of the pleaaantest to believo: —" The reason why a ring was pitched upon for a pledge rather than anything else was because anciently the ring was a seal, by which all orders were signed, and things of value secured,.arid therefore the delivery of it was a sign that the person to whom it was given was admitted into rlie highest friendship and trust.' Therefore, its use as a wedding ring." The ring was used among Christians in HriO. Ancient rings were of iron, a symbol of strength, but gold symbolises strength even more perfectly. With the bridal-ring formerly were delivered the keys of the house, the husband saying—"I formerly gave to thee the ring of union, I now give to thee the ring of temperance to aid thee in the seemly custody of my house," a ceremony that wo have not done well to drop, as it reminds woman of their side of the marriage contract. Some Roman rings have keys attached to them, and were probably private casket kClys. This was not an altogether comfortable or ornamental fashion, but it saved a good deal of worry over mislaid keys. As to the giving up of presents, and engage ment rings, an ancient writer said. 41 Hy the civil law, whatsoever is given betwixt them that are promised in marriage hath a condition (for the most part silent) that it may be had again if marriage ensue not, but if the man should have had a kiss for his money, he should lose one-half of that which he gave. Yet with the woman it is otherwise, for, kissing or not kissing, whatso iver she gave, she may ask and , have it again." As a rule, a woman gives things that only masculine taste could wish to have, so that there is comparatively little chance of her requesting back half-worn belts, caps, neckties, knitted socks, worked braces, pipes, ash-trays, slippers, tidies, shaving cloths, or cushions! With women it is other wise, they receive presents that lose but little value from wearing, and form nice presents for the fresh girl who has captivated a man's fickle fancy. _ In Iceland the ring is most important, and was variously formed of bone, jet, stone, gold, and silver. Sometimes it was so large as to allow the palm of the hand to go through, and in a betrothal the man passes his four fingers and palm through one of these rings, and so receives the Woman's hand. In the old form of marriage in the Orkneys the couple joined hands through a perforation or ring in a stone pillar. An old custom, not entirely dead, is that of severing a ring, and each party keeping half. X<ong ago this was practised as a proof of good faith, foT if from time to time, or on the mar riage day the two pieces fitted, it was proven that thev had not been transferred; if there #Bk annulled.' The diamond has been a favourite for Betting in betrothal richga from its alleged power to maintain harmony between man and wife. Ring* have always been associated with religion, whether Christian or pagan matters not, ana ornament .has been their secondary consideration, their symbolic nature raising tbem above mere decorative finery. In Spain the gift of a ring is a promise of marriage, and is considered sufficient proof for a maiden to claim her husband. In an account of curious rings there is this— *' The joint ring parts into three hoops, secured On a pivot, the toothed edge of the central hoop forming an ornamental centre to the hoop of the ring, and having two hearts in the middle; a hand is affixed to the side of the upper and lower hoop; the fingers slightly raised, so that when the hoops are brought j together {hey link in each other, and close over the hearts, securing all firmly" —surely a quaint device. I Mr. Croker, speakingof the use it was pro ! bably pi# to, sayss—"This ring was probably used at a German betrothal, at which, over the Holy Bible, placed before a witness, the man l and woman broke away the npper and lower rings from the central one, which was held by the witness. When the parties married the rings were returned to the witness, and became one again." -In Galway there is a fisher com munity who pass down the wedding-ring as an heirloom from mother to daughter, the first married receiving the precious pledge. A quotation from a poem printed in Dublin in 1801 fittingly ends this attempt to revive traditions anent the ring which is easy to put on, and often so bard to take off that some people fail to appreciate its useful office, while others say "It is so oldrfashioned let it go." Those who think will find that other fashions more injurious might better go brst. -Town and vouwry. 