or, THE JUYSTJSJIY OF FLACK HOL LOW GKAXGF. CHAPTER IV.--Ccxtixukd. . “ Passengers for Piedmont,” shouts the conductor. Lenorc has no desire to visit Piedmont, but she secs the blue highlands beyond, and fancying that black Hollow Grange must be.' somewhere in their midst, she determines to With an clastic spring she qetsaboard, and the train thunders on just a3 poor, panting Clotildo comes up. “ Miss Lenore ! Hiss Lenore?” she shrieks, but the roar of the wheeis drowns her fran tic cry. and Miss Trcvethon, looking from the window of her carriage, nods and kisses the tips of her white fingers, as she is whirled What shall I do i” moans the woman, wringing her hands. “ He’ll take my life if lie ever knows. Oh, what shall I do ?" Meanwhile Lenore flies on, over ’miles of golden gorse, and purple heath- bloom, a strange sense of liberty thrilling her. The young lady removes her jaunty hat, and lies back in her seat, while the breeze atirs her tresses into a mass of riotous gold. Heiress and bride-elect that she is, Bhe iind3 her life insufferably dull and stupid. The constant adulation and homage of men and women, has grown to he an old song, of which she is thoroughly weary. “ I wish I could run away," she repeats, watching the flying hills with dreamy eyes. •> I have half a’ mind to try—run away and seek my fortune, as the heroines in novels sometimes do, and leave all my possessions to Sir Geoffrey. I suppose, however, he would follow me, and fetch me back to marry Richmond. Dear, dear, how awfully stupid it all is—this marrying business above all. It really turns me sick to think of it. I sincerely hope that Richmond may he ship wrecked I” "Piedmont Station 1” She springs to her feet, and adjusts her hat and tumbled tresses. “If von please, sir,” she inquires, as tho conductor hands her out. 11 is there a place anywhere near here called Black Hollow Grange ?” The man turns round and looks at her be fore he replies : 11 Yes, miss, there is; the 1 Haunted Manor,’ it is called nowadays.” “ Precisely; that’s the place I mean. Will you have the kindness, sir, to tell me the distance, and in what direction it lies ?’’ . " Over yonder, miss, the other side of those' blue peaks, to the left a matter of a couple of miles perhaps, and a pretty straight road. lint begging your pardon, miss, you don’t think of going there?” “ Yes, sir. I am certainly going to tho 1 Haunted Manor,’ if I can find it, and I’m much obliged to you." " Perhaps you don’t know, miss, that the manor’s been deserted this ten year and more, and folks say ’tis haunted ?” continues the conductor, with the very best inten “Ycs, sir, I know all about it. Good moining!” Lenore trips away, while a dozen heads protrude from the carriage windows, and as many pairs of eyes watch her with staring curiosity. She hurries on, more determined than ever to accomplish the object she has in view. She has walked a full mile, and the sun has passed the zenith before she comesjin sight of a single dwelling, or the least sign of civi lized life. At last, in a green hollow beneath the hills, she sees a small but, in front of which an old woman sits knitting. Lenore is growing weak from fatigue and hunger; hence she determines to turn aside and buy a draught of fresh milk, and find out if she is pursuing the right way. The oid dame rises up at her approach and proffers her a seat, which the girl gladly ac cepts ’ • . t TheEaints protect us 1" cries toe name, with uplifted hands and affrighted ey<3) one would take ye for the lovely murde/ed leddy herself, come out of her winding sheet. Are ye a ghost or a living woman ?" "A living woman, and a hungry one, too,” laughs Lenorc. “ My good creature, what do you mean 1 Surely you don’t take me for a ghost?” “ Nay, nay, but ye look loike her, the poor murdered leddy as sleeps in the Black Hollow up yonder. I seen her wi’ these two eyes, the blessed night afore she was mur dered, a walking up and down the terrace, her ya'.Ier hair all a streaming, and the flowers on ner breast, and you he sa like her ss two pe&s.;” Lenore s eyes qmcKiy Hu witlr tears, ano her breast heaves. “ Poor lady,” she replies, steadying her voice by a great effort. “ I’ve heard of her Tell me about her, please.” “ There is little to tell, miss, saving that she walked the terrace that evening, so lair and so smiling, and the next blessed morn they found her lying dead in a pool of her own heart’s blood, and the master gone, and from thntday to this he has not been heard of. But they do say," she adds, with a shudder, “ as he it was murdered her, be cause she had a smiling face for other men than him, and that’s why they buried her m the Black Hollow, and with a stone cross r.i her head. Lenore presses her hand against her heart. She has never been told before that her mother lies buried in the Black Hollow below the Grange. “ And no one can tell what become of him ?” she falters. “ The husband, you mean 1 Bless you, no, miss 1 But some think lie made an end of hisself in the lake yonder, and they do say, when it storms, and the winds are high, he comes back and sits on tho shore, and she walks the terrace above, with her yellow hair streaming, wringing her white hands, and crying fit to break her heart.” " And the haunted manor is not far from here, is it?” asks Lenore. “Amile perhaps, right above us, beyond the black firs.” Were you ever in the old house 1 I mean, since the murder?” “Saints protect us, I’d as Boon venture within the gates o’ perdition. Why, no human creature has ever crossed that black glen; and no one has ever entered the accursed place since the murder, excepting Ambrose Gerhart, and he was well-nigh frightened out of his wits.” ‘ There was a child left, I have beard,” Miss Trevethon continues, moved by a turiouB desire to hear all the old ’dame jean tell. . " Bless ye, mis3, a little mite of a girl.and she was wandering rroin room to room, a sobbing and crying, and her mother’s blood afore her young eyes. They fetched her down here the very day after the murder, and I gave her a bowl of goat’s milk and brown bread from that very blue bowl on the dresser. Such a pretty little lady, the Tery picture of her mother.” “And what became of her?" “ They took her away. His cousin camo from over the sea,and took her off to London, and I’ve heard nothing of her since. She may be dead by this—the better for her if die is, poor thing, for the mother’s shame always falls on the daughter's head.” “ Ay, true enough, better for her if she were dead,” Lenore echoes under her breath, with a weary sigh. “ Let me have a draught of milk and a morsel of bread, and iake this for your trouble,” she adds, aloud. The dame’s eyes glitter greedily at sight of the sihor which Lenorc puts in heryelltfw palm, and she hobbles away, and produces a howl of milk and a small loaf of bread.' I Lenore drinks the milk from the same blue bowl, from which she was fed so many years ago, puts a morsel of the loaf in ner pocket, bids her hostess adieu, and de 'xhe old woman looks after her, shading aer eyes from the afternoon sunlight. :i “Thu saints protect us,” she mutters, ■they be as like as two peas 1 It surely can’t oe the ghost of the murdered fair lady ? i I should drop in my shoes with fear if I really thought so." 