WEST5UNSTER ABBEY AND ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. Many have asked—"What is there about the delightful entertainments given by the Rev. Charles Clark that always—whatever the weather — ensures him a large audience?" There are many factors—his Etriking personality, his charm of manner, his exquisitely modulated voice, nis rounded periods, his beautifully blended pathos and humour: but over and above all these, like a diamond in its setting, shines the noble, high-souled patriotism —the pure, strong love of the great British Empire, and reverence for its grand traditions that form the keynote of his lectures No texts could have been more suitable for a stirring discourse on the history o£ Great Britain and the splendid deeds of her mightiest sons than the two coupled by the Rev. Charles Clark on Saturday evening at the Town Hall — •'Westminster Abbey" and "St. Paul's Cathedral." No one in that large audience could have failed to be struck during the evening with the strength of the pride which Australians feel in the glory of the deeds dene by their valiant forefathers before Australia was, and with the depth of patriotic feeling that exists under the Austral skies. The reflection must have forced itself upon many—" What a grand fiery orator the reverend gentleman might have been had these been times of war, and his beloved country in danger." If Englandcould send us a few more men of his stamp—if, indeed, the Rev. Charles Clark has his peers—the loud murmurings of a few croakers for separation would be silenced for ever. As always, the light and shade of Saturday evening's discourse showed in every point the blending of a master- hand. An eloquent introduction preceded a masterpiece of word-painting that brought before the eye almost as vividly as could colours and canvas the Abbey at Westminster as restored by Henry III., "the builder," _ and in rapid succession tho beauties it contains. The chief work was the exquisitely carved tomb and chantry of Henry v., the " Hector of his day." Suspended above it hang his shield, fcis helmet, and his saddle, into which he was wont to vault, in tho words of Shakspeare, "as though an angel had dropped from the clouds, to witch the world with his horsemanhip." This warrior King's noble speech, Once more into the breach, dear friends, once more," was given with great effect. Henry VII.'s Chapel, "almost a second Abbey in extent," and the coronation there of the fair Anne Boleyn, who sacrificed her good name and her womanly delicacy for the triumph of that great day, were told in simple forceful words, and the hideous contrast emphasized of the day three years later when she, a pale, wandering ghost, was hurried forth in silence from the Tower of London, never to return. Her fate served as marked contrast to that of her lion-hearted daughter Elizabeth, whose career was touched on, and so in the same enthralling way the lecturer passed in review much of the stirring history of England, ever and anon reciting poetical pieces touching his subjects with all the faithfulness of tone and gesture that their authors could have desired. In Poets' Corner was found fresh material for delightful chat on the lives of famous singers— Geoffrey' Chaucer, Edmund Spenser, and many others as well known and as deeply loved. Mention of Edmund Spenser as "prince of poets of bis time" brought forth the name of William Shakspeare, who was "not for one generation, but for all time." Ben Johnson's curious and uncomfortable burial position led to humorous passages, as did the name of Dr. Busby, the famous undersized, flagellating Head Master of Westminster School, who had a " temper that would make the fortune of a nest of hornets." Ann Oldfield and Mrs. Bracegirdle and David Garrick, Addison and Tnomas Babington Macaulay, William Makepeace Thackeray and Charles Dickens, were all lovingly spoken of, and mention of the more recent burial' of Lord Tennyson led to an exquisite rendering of that great and gentle poet's " Crossing the Bar" that brought tears to many an eye in the hall. The discourse on St. Paul's was as full of tragic and triumphant historical interest as that which preceded it. Macaulay's lines on the Invincible Armada were grandly given. Painter's Corner had a deep interest, and the lecturer touched a responsive chord in many a breast when he deplored the death within two years of two Presidents of the Royal Academy —Lord Leighton and Sir. John Millais. "Art is long, but life is short." The heroes of Luaknow; the hero of Khartoum; Sir John MacDonald, the patriot of Canada; William Bede Dalley, the patriot of New South Wales; these were all eloquently eulogized, and the greatest of all—Horatio Nelson and Arthur Wellesley—were coupled in Tennyson's grand poem, the rendering of which called forth tumultuous applause. A touching description of the thanksgiving sen-ices at the Cathedral for the recovery of the Prince of Wales fittingly ended the.discourse. During fwo intervals in the speaking views were thrown on a screen, and only served to show how wonderfully true to fact were the word pictures painted just before by the gifted lecturer. This evening's subject is "The Tower of London." 