Dr. Romsey's Patient. ! . A VERT STRANGE STORY, by l. T. MEADE and DR.. TTATJUAy Joint Authors or Stohies fhom the Diabx . of a Doctor.; coprmQHT. . . Chapter XXIV,— (ContanuctL) Hetty left tlio room, leaving the dog bohind hor— lie utterod a frightful howl when olio did bo and followed her as far as the door, which she shut and locked; ho Boratchcd at it to try and roleaso himself, but Hetty took no notice — sho was cruel as regarded tlio dumb beast's fear in hor own agony and terror. Sho ran upstairs to her room, put on hor hat and jacket, and went out. Stumbling, and trembling, sho went along tho road until she reached tho summit of the hill which led straight down in a gentlo slope towards Grandcoart. She was glad tho ground sloped downwards, for it was important that sho should quicken hor foot- stejis in order to see stho Squire . with as little dolayas possible. Sho was quite oblivious of tho lapso of time since her last visit, and hoped ho might still be in tho office, She resolved to try the offico first. If ho wero not thero ehq would go on to tho house — find him she. must ; nothing should, keep hor from his presence to night. . She presently reached GrandcourV cntorcd tho grounds by> aide .entrance' and pursued her way through tho darkness. Tho sky overhead was cloudy, noither moon nor stars wore. visible. Faltering and falling alio pressed forward, and by and byo reached the neighborhood of the office. She saw a light ' burning dimly behind tho closed blinds— hor heart beat with a eenBe of thankfulness— she staggered up' to the door, brushing her dress against it .as Bhe did so— she put up her hand arid knocked feebly; Tlio next instant the door was opened to hor— n man, a ' total stranger, confronted her, hilt behind him sho saw Awdroy. Sho tottered into the room. The comparative light and- warmth within, aftor the ' darkness and chilly damp of the Bpring evening, made , her head reel,' and her eyes at first could take in no object distinctly, - Sho was conscious of uttering excited words," then aho heard the door shut behind licr. Bho. ! looked around— sho was alono with tho Squire. Sho staggered up to him and fell on her knees. ' "You must save me as I saved you longago," she panted. . "AVlint is it? Got up. AVhat do you mean f said Awdroy. ' "I mean, Squire, — oh! I mean I wanted to come to you to-day, but Vincent," — her voice faltered— " Vinoorit wore mad wi' jealousy.' He thought that'I ought not to sco you, Squire ; ho had got Bummat in his brain, and it made him mad. Ho thought that, perhaps, long ago — Squiro, I loved you— long ago. I'm not af oared to say anything to- night, tho truth will out to-night— T loved you long ago, I lovo you still ; yos, yos, with nU my heart, .with all my heart. You nevor cored nothin' for me, I know that well. You never did me a wrong in thought nor in deed, I know that well also; bat to mo you wore as a god, and I lovod you. I lovo you still, and A'iacent, my husband, ho must have seen it in my faco ; but you did me no wrong — . nover, in word nor-in deed— only I loved you — and I love you Btill." ... You must bo mad," said Awdrey. AVhy. have you come hero to say suoh words ? Got, up at. once ; your words, and your notiona dia- tresa me muoh. Get up, Hotty ;try to composo' yourself." — _ r " AVhat I have como to say had best bo said kneeling," replied Hotty ; "it eases the awful, pain in my Bide to kneel, Let me be, Squiro; let me kneel up against your father's desk. Ah I that's bettor. It 1b my heart — I think it is' broke ; anyhow it beats awful, and the pain ie awful." " If you have eomo for any other reason than to say tho words you havo just said, Bay them and go," replied Awdroy. Hetty glanced up at him. His face was hard, she thought it looked cruel, she, Bhivercd from- head to foot. AVas it for this man sho had sacrificed hor life ? Then tho awful signification ' of her errand camo over her, and she proceeded to speak. " Vincent saw tho truth in my faoe,"vshe continued, "ho was mad wi jealousy, and ho said that I worn't to come and ! sea ycr. Ho heard rao speak to yer last night, ho hoard mo say it is a matter o' Ufa and death and ho war mad. Ho said I worn't to como ; but I wor mad too, mad to oomo, and I thought I would got over him by guilo. I put summat in his stout, and ho drank it— sum'mat, I don't know tho name, but I had often taken it myself' nnd it alwayB mado mo a sight bettor, and I gavo it to 'im in his Btout and ho drank it, and then ho slopt. Ho lay dowii on tho eottlo in tho kitchen, and ho went off into a dead sleep. AVhen ho slept real sound I stole away and I como to you. I saw you this evening and you spoko to mo and I spoko to you, and I begged of you to keep our secret, and I thought perhaps you would, and I como away feolin' better. I went back 'omc, and tho placo was quiet, and I got into tho kitchen. Vincent was lying on tlio settle sound asleep. I thought nought o' liis Bleepin', only to ho glad, for I know ho oould novor have miosod mo. I mado his supper for him and built up tho firo, and I lit tho lamps in the house, nnd I took off my outdoor things. The dog howled, but I took no notice. Presently I went up to A'inccnt, and I shook im. — I shook- 'im 'nrd, but ho did not wake, I took his hand in mine, it wor cold ns ico ; I listened for his breath, thero wor none. Squire," aaid Hetty, rising now to hor fcot, " my man wor dead ; Squiro, I linvo killed 'im, just the name as you killed tlio man on Salis bury Plain six years ago. My huulvuid ie dead, nnd I havo killed him. Squiro, you must savo me as I saved you." " How can I save you ?" asked Awdrey. His , voice had completely altered now. In tlio ( presence of the real tragedy, all tlio hardness left it. Ho sank into ft chair near Hetty's side, ho oven took one of her trembling hands in liis. ' "How am I to help you, you poor soul?" ho said again. "You must prove an ftlibi — that is tho word. You must say ' Iletty wor wi' me, she could not liavo killed her man,' you must say that ; you must tell all the world that you and mo was together lioro." : "I will do better, than that," saidAwdroy. "What do you mean?" Hetty started back and gazed at him with a queer mixture of hope and torror in her 'face. "Better — but there .' ain't no better," slie cried. "Ef you don't tell tho simple truth I shall ho hanged ; hanged by tho ricck-until I die — I, who. saved you at tho rfck of my own soul nearly six years gone." ' '.'I will not lot you ho hanged," said Awdroy, rising.; " Get up, Hetty ; do not kneel to mo. You do not quite khow what you have done for me to-night. Sit on that chair— compose your self— try to bo calm. Hetty, you just came in . the nick of time. God and tho devil were fight- , ing' for my ' soul. . In spite of "all tho devil's \- .efforts God was getting the better of it, and I— I did not want him "to get tho best. I wanted the . devil to help mo ; . and, _ Hetty, I even prayed to him that ho might come and help me. "When I saw 'you coming into the room I thought at first that my prayor was anBwerod. I seemed to seo tho devil in /your face. Now I see. differently— your prc- sonco hns lifted a great cloud froin before my ' mind — I seo distinctly, almoit as distinctly as \- if : I . were in hell itself, tho awful consequences ' which muBt ariso. from wrong-doing. Hetty, I /have made up my mind; you, of all poople, /have been the most powerful advocate on. tho \ sido of God to-night. lVe will both do the " right, child; wo will both of us confess tho simple truth. . if No, Squire, 'no; thoy will kill me, they will ".kill ino, if you do not help inc in tho only way you can help me. You are stronger than me, Squire ; do not lead mo to my death." . ' "Tlicy will not kill you, but you must tell the whole truth as I will tell tho truth. It can be proved that you gavo tlio poison to your hus band with no intent to kill ; that -matter can be . arranged. , Como with me, Hotty, now — lot us 'como together. . If you . falter I will strengthen you ; if I falter you will stiengthen mo. IVo will go together at once and tell— tell what you saw and what I did nearly six years ago." "i What you did on Salisbury riain? bIio asked. "Yes, ;the time I killod Frere." . . " Never, never," Bho answered. Sho fell flat on her face on tho floor. Awdrey tried to miee her up. "Come," he -Baid, "I have looked into the vory heart of evil, and I cannot live in its awful presence. Whatever tho consequences we inUBt both tell the truth, and wo will do/ it together ; como at once." , "Thoy will hang you until you die," said Hetty. She shuddered as she lay proko on the . ground. "No matter ; nothing could happen so bad as shutting away, the face of God. I will tell nil, and yqu must tell all. No more lies for either of us. . We will savo our souls even if our bodies dio.'.' "The pain— the pain in my side," moaned Hetty, "It will be bettor after .wo have gone through what is before us. Come, I will take' ' your hand." ; Sho gave it timidly; the squire's fingers closed over it. Where are we to go?" hhe asked. "Where are you taking me?" "Come with me. I will- speak; Presently it will bo your turn — aftor they know all, all the worst, it will 1>9 your turn to speak." "Who are to know all, squire?" "My wife, my sisters, Mrs. Everett, my friends." . "-Ob,' God, God; why was I ever born?" moaned Hetty. " You will feel better afterwards," said Awdrey. ".Try and remember that in the awful -struggle and ordeal of the next few minutes your soul and mino will be born again — our bouIs will be saved from tbe.powor of evil. Bo bravo, Hetty.' You . told mo to-night that you gloved me; provo tho greatness of your love 'by helping mo to buvo my own soul and yours." '.'.I wonder if this is true," said Hetty. "You Beem to lift me out- of myself." Slie spoke id u sort of dull wonder. _ "It is true— it is right— it is only tiling; como at once." She did not say any more, nor make the least resistance. , Thoy left tho office together. They entored tho hall sido by sido. Hetty looked pale and untidy ; her hair fell partly (own her back ; there were undried teara on lior cheeks ; her eyes had a wild and startled gleam in them ; the squire was. also deadly pale, hut ho was quiet and composed. The fierce strugglo which had nearly rent his soul in two was completely over at that moment. In tho calm there was also peace, and the peaco liad settled on his. face. < Mjb, Honcssey was standing in tho wido en- trailed hall. . She Btarted when sho bow licr brother; then sho glanced at Hetty,. then she. looked again at the squire. ' ' " Why, Robort ! " Blio Baid, ." Bobort 1 " There was an expression about Hetty's face and about Awdrcy's face which silenced and frightened her. "What is it?" Bho said in a low voice; "what is wrong?" " Whoro are tho otliors? " asked, tho squire. "I want to. see them all immediately." . "Thoy ore in, the front dmwingroom— Mar garet, Dr. Rumsoy, Dorotliy, my huBhand.and Dorothy's , and Margaret's undo, Mr. Cuth- bort;"1- . "I.Um glad ho iB thoro; wo shall want a magistrate, " said Awdrey. A magist.ro to 1 What is the matter?". You' will' know in a moment, Anno. Did you" soyrRumsoy was in tho dmwingroom ? " ."Yes; thoy are all thoro. Margaret is play ing tho Moonlight Sonata. . You hear it, don't you, through tho cloBcd doors— she ployB so mournfully that I ran away ; I koto music that affects mo to tears." Awdroy bent down and said a word to Hetty; then ho lookod at kiB sister. ; "I am going into tho dmwingroom, and Hotty Vinoent will como with me," ho said. . "I used to know you as Hetty Armitage," said Anno. " How are you, Hotty ? " " Sho is not well," answered Awdroy for her, (" hut lilio will toll you presently. Como into tho drnwingrooni, too, Anno : I should like you to bo present. " " I cannot understand this," said Anne. She ran oh first and opened tho great folding doors ; Bho entered the big room, her fnco ablaze witli excitomont and wondor ; behind licr came Aw- drey holding Hetty's lmnd. There was ail ex pression on the squire's faco wkioh arrested tho attention of every one. Mr. Cuthbert, who had not scon liim sinco his return home, roso eagerly from tho doop arm ohair into which ho had sunk, intending to givo him a hearty wel come, but when ho had advanced in tho squire's direction a stop or two, ho paused — ho soemcd to seo by a sort of intuition tlint tho moment for ordinary civilities was not then. Margaret left hor sent by tho piano and came into tho contrc of tho room, Hor husband's eyes soemcd to motion hor hack — her uncle wont up to her and put his hand on licr shoulder ; ho did not know what ho expected, nor did Margaret, but each felt with an clectiio thrill of sympathy that a revelation of no ordinnry naturo was about to ho made. Still holding Hetty's hand, Awdroy enmo into tho great space in front of tho fire ; lie was about to speak when Dr. Rumsoy hurried for ward. "Ono moment," ho said. "This young woman is very ill ; will some 0110 fetch brandy ? Ho took Hetty's slight wrist botweon liis finger and thumb, and felt tho fluttering pulse. Anno rushed away to got tho brandy. Tho doctor mixed a small dose, and made Hetty swallow it. The stimulant brought back a faint color to her cheeks, and licr eyes looked Icsb dull and dazed. "I have come into this room to-night witli Hetty Vincent, who used to bo Hetty Armitage, to make a very remarkable statement," said Awdrey. Dr.ltumsoybaokeda fowstcps. He thouglitto himself — " We shall get now to the mystery. He has made up liis mind on the sido of the good — bravo fellow ! What can all this mean ? What is tho matter with that pretty girl ? Sho lookBas if she wero dying. What can bo tho connection botweon them ? " What can be the connection betwoon thom ?" was also tho thought running in the minds of ovory other spectator. Margaret shored it, as hor uncle's hand rested a little heavier momont by moment on her eliglit shoulder. Squire Outhbert was swearing licavilyundor his breath. The sisters . and their husbands stood in tho background, prepared for any " denouement" — oil was quietness and expectancy. Mrs. Everett, who up to tho present instant had taken no part in the extraordinary scene, hurried now to the front. . " Squire," she said, " I do not know what you are going to say, but I can guess. In advance, lot mo' thank you from my heart; a premoni tion seizes mo that the. moment of my sou's relcaso is ot hand. You have got this young woman to reveal hor secret?" "Her secret is mine," said Awdrey. Squire Cuthbert swore aloud.- : " Just wait ono moment before you say any thing," said Awdroy, fixing his oyos on him. "Tho thing is not .what yon. imagine. I can toll 'tho truth in half a dozen wards. Mrs. Everett, you are right— you seo the man before you who killed Horace Froro. Your son is innocent I" " You did this ?— you 1" cried Mrs. Everett. "Robert, what are you saying ?" oxclaimod Margaret. . "Robert!" echoed Anne. "Dear brother, you. muBt be mad," said Dorothy. ' . " No, I am sane— I am sure I was mad for a timo, hnt I am quite sano to-night I killed Horace Frero on Salisbury Plain. Hetty Vin- cont saw tho murder committed ; sho hid liar knowledge for my sake. Immediately after I committed tho deed the doom of my house fell upon mo, and I forgot what I myself had done. Eor five years I had no memory of my own net. Rumsoy, when I saw my face reflected hi tho pond, six montliB ago, tho knowledge of tho truth returned to mc. I remembered what 1 lmd dono. I remembered, and I was not sorry, mid I resolved to liido the truth to tho death ; my conscience, the thing which makes tho difference between man and beast, novor awoke within me— I was happy and I kept well. But yesterday — yostorday when I came homo and saw my people and saw Hetty here, and noticod the look of suffering on your face, Mrs. Everett, tho voice of God began to make itself heard. From thnt moment until now tho powers of evil have bcon fighting against the powers of good for my bouI. I was coward enough to think that I might liido the truth and livo tho lifo of n hypocrite. " Tlio J squire's voice, which had boon quiet and com- I posod, faltered now for tho first timo. " It could not be done," ho added. ."I found I could not close with tho devil." At this moment a strongo thing happened. Awdrey's wife rushed up to him, Bho. flung her arms round his nock, and laid hor head 011 his breast. "Thank God I" alio murmured. "Nothing matters, for .you havo saved your soul alive." "But this is a most remarkable thing," said Mr. Cuthbert, finding his tongue, and coming forward. "You, Awdrey— you, -my nicco's husband, come quietly into this room and tcU us with tho utmost coolness that you are a murderer. I cannot beliovo it— you must be mad.". ' "No, I am porfectly eano. Hetty Vinoent can prove tho truth of my words. I am a murderer, but not by intent. I novor meant to kill Frere ; nevertheless, I am a murderer, for I have taken a man's lifo." "You toll mo this?" said Squire Cutlibort. "You tell mo that you have suffored. another man to suffer' in your stead for cIobo on six years?" v . ' "Unknowingly, Squire Cutlibort. There was a blank ovor my memory." "I .can tcBtify to that," saidRumsey, now coming forward. "Tho wholo story is so astounding, so unprecedented, that I am not the lciiBt surprised at your all being unablo to maka a just estimate of tho true circumstances at tho present momont, Nevertheless, Awdroy tells tho Bimplo truth. I have watched him as .my patient for years. I have given liis caso my greatest attention. I consider it ono of tho moBt curious psychological Btudies which lias ocourredin the wholo of my wido exporionce. Awdrey killod Horaco Frere, and forgot all about it. Tho deed was doubtless dono in a momont of strong irritation." "Ho wob provokod to it," said Hotty, speak ing for tho first time. ' It will bo nocoasary thnt you put all that down iii writing," said Rumsoy, giving lior a quick glance. "Squire, I begin to seo a ghost of daylight. It is possible that you may bo savod from tho serious conscquenccB of your own act, if it can ho proved before a jury that you committed tho terriklo deed as a means of self protection." " It. was for that," Baid Hotty, again. " I can tell oxactly what I saw." Tho excited pooplo who wero listening to this narrative how began to movo about and talk eagerly' and rapidly. Rumsoy alono' altogether kept his' head. Ho Enw how ill Hotty was, and how all important her story would lie if there was any' clinnco of saving Awdroy. It must bo put in writing without delay. "C01110 and sit lioro," ho said, taking tho girl's hand, and leading her to a chair. All tho otliors Blirank away from hor, hut Sirs. Everett, whose eyes wero blazing with a curious combination of pnssiouato anger and wild, exultant joy, cnuio oloso up to licr for a moment. "Little hypocrite — littlo spy!'' sho hissed. "Do not forget that you have committed perjury. Your sentenco will lie a Bovere one." "Hush," said Rumsoy, "is this a moment ?" A look in his eyes silenced tho widow — sho Blirank away near 0110 of the windows to relievo her overcharged feelings in a burst of tears. "Sit here and toll ino exactly what you saw, said ltuuiBey to Hetty, "Sir. Cuthbert, you aro doubtless a magistrate?" "Bless in- stars, I don't know what I ain at the present moment," said tho worthy, squire, mopping his crimson brow. " Try to retain your self-control — remember how much hangs 011 it. This young woman is very ill— it will bo all important that wo got hor deposition before " Kumscy jkvubciI ; Hotty s eyes wero fixed 011 his face, lior lips movod faintly. "You may save tho squire after all if you tell tlio simple truth," said RumBey, kindly, bending towards her and speaking in a low voico. "Try and tell the truth. I know 3011 are feeling ill, hut 3-ou will he better afterwards. Will jou tell mo exacts what happened? I shall put it down in writing. You will then sign 3-011 own deposition." "Is it tho case that if I tell just the truth I may save squire 1" asked Hetty. _ "It iB his 011I3' chance. Now begin." Tho others crowded round ; all but Mrs. Evorett, who still sat in the window, hor faco buried in her handkerchief. _ Hetty began her tale faltoringlj-, often tremb ling and often pausing, but Rumsoy managed to keep her to the point. B;'-and-bye the wholo quoer story was taken down and was then for- mnll3' Bigncd and sworn to. Rumsoy folded up the . paper and gave it to Squire Cuthbert to keep. . - "I have a strong hope that wo ma3' clear Awdrey," hesaid. '"The case is a clear one of manslaughter which took .place in self-defence; Mrs. Vincont'a deposition is most important, for it not only shows that Awdrey committed the unfortunate deed under the strongest provoca tion, but explains exactly why Frore should have had such animosity to the squire. Now Mrs. Vincent, 3'ou havo rendered Mr. Awdroy a very valuable service." "Before Hetty leaves the room tlicro is some-; thing to bo said on her own account," said the squire. ' ' Ho thon related in a few words the tragedy which had taken place at tho Gable Farm.' While lie was speaking, Hetty staggered to her feet and faced him. " Will what I have told just now really save you,- squire ?". sho asked " It seems impossible to beliovo it, Hetty ; hut Dr. Rumsoy thinks so," answered Awdrey. The deadly whitoneBs of lier face wob sud- dcnl;' illuminated with a look of joy. " Thon nothing eiso matters, she panted. "If 3'ou, squire, are safe— Hotty, poor Hetty, has not suffered in vain 1" She staggered blindly forward as tho last words left her lips, and fell in a heap on the floor. Tho doctor, Margaret and tho squire rushed to hor assistance, hut when tlioy raised her up sho was dead. " Heart disease," said Rumso;', " accelerated by Bhock." A few more words can finish this Btrango story. At tho squire's request, Mr. Cuthbert took the nocessary stops for his arrest, and Rumscy hurried to town to get the inter ference of tho Homo Secretary in the caso of Everett, who was suffering for Awdroy.'s sup posed crime in Portland prison. The /doctor, had a long interview with 0110 of tho officials at tlio Home Office, and disclosed Alf the queer circumstances of the case. Evertty according" to. tho Queen's prerogative, rccoivcd ill I due course a free pardon for the crime hq.'liad never committed, and was restored to his mother/and his friends once again. ' it > :-i Awdrcy's trial took place almost immediately afterwards at Salisbur;-. That trial was never forgotten in the county, and was the one topic of conversation for several days in tho length and breadth of England. ' So remarkable and Btrango a caso had nover before beon propounded for tho benofit of the 12 respectable mon who acted as jurors. Hetty's all important deposition mado a great sensation. Her ovidcnca was corroborated by Mrs. Armitage, and when Rumsoy appeared as a witnoBS.he abundant proved that Awdrey had completefy forgotten the deed of which ho had boon guilty. His thrilling description of his pationtre strange caso was listened to with breathless attention by a crowded court. . Tho trial lasted for two days, during which time the anxiety of all Awdrey's friends can be better imagined than described.' . At tho end of the trial, tho jur;r returned a verdiot of "Not Guilty." In short, his strange caso' had beon abundantly proved. He hnd dono what ho did without intent to kill and simply as a means of self defence. On tho evening of liis return to Grandcourt, ho and Margaret stood in the porch together sido by side. It was a moonlight night, and the whole beautiful place was brightly illuminated, " Robert," said tho wife, " 3'ou liavo lived through it all— 3'ou will now tako n fresh loose of lifo." He slioek his head. : . " It is truo that I have gone through tho fire and been saved," he said, /" but there is a shadow ovor mo— I can never bo tho man I might have boon." "You can be a thousand times' bettor," sho replied with flashing oyes, " for you have learnt now tho hitter and awful losson of how n man may fall, rise again and oonquer." the' end. 