The Desire of the Eyes. \\_OOMPLZTE IN TWO -imiALWNZa. By GRANT ALLEN, Author of "Tho WomUTl Who Did," &o.;, &o.; All Queensland Rights Rbsebved. , I. Two in n boat, on Windermere, Tho time' was Into autumn ; tlio lionr was twilight. Faint ghosts of purplo mountains floated dim on the water, baoked up br the mellow . glow of a refloated sunset. Distant Bounds of laughter and of singing voioes soaroely broke tho tingling stillness. It was a momont for love-making. Thoir souls thriUod within them, ,Ho dropped tho oars, and leant forward towards the soat in the stern whoro Thorn was sitting. "Say yes," he owed, eagerly. "It must bo yes, Thom." Ho had never called her Thorn to hor faoo till that evening. Hor nama sounded sweeter to her on Lionel Ethoredgo'e lips than oho had over before thought it. But still sho held hook. Hor heart struggled within her. "No no, Mr. Ethoredgo," sho answered, fighting hard against her own overpowering impulso. "Never ask mo again. I musn't, I musn't." "Why 'Mr. Ethoredgo ?' " the young man cried, gazing deep into hor eyes. "I said 'Thorn.' Why not, ' No, Lionel Tho girl's lips franiod tho words faintly. "No, Lionel," alie repeated after him, flushing. It was swoet to say "Lionel" aloud to him that night, ns sho had said it a hundred times before to herself — oven though she said it now with an unwilling "No" tucked on to it. But Lional Ethoredgo iaugliod a low melodious laugh to himself. " I havo caught you, Thorn I" he exolaimed, seizing her hand in his own. "My queen, I have caught you I When once a woman says 'No, Lionel,' in -a voioo liko that, it doesn't moan what it Bays. It means, 'Yes, Lionel.' It means, 'Yes, Lionel,' and a great deal more. It means, 'I want you ; I long for you ; I must be yours,; but I won't lot my heart say what it is burst ing to tell you, I lova you, I love you.' Isn't tlmt so, Thorn?" Thora'e face flushed a daintier crimson still in the sunset glow. She olosDed her bunds hard. Ho had read her; ho had read her! "Oh, Lionel," sho oriiid, raising hor eyelids and glancing at him with the timid confidence of a girl's first love, "how you see through and through me!" Then she shrank away terrified. Had sho said too much ? How oould sho over draw back now, after so frank a confession ? But the mun, liko a man, knew what followed ns of course. Ho seized hor in his arms, rogardlcsH of the dangers of lake navigation, and kissed hor a dozen times, fervid lover-liko kisses. Thorn took them without demur. Sho was too queanly to resist thorn. It wus that indeed that so greatly charmed hira in lior — her in- Btinotivo dignity. . People at Windormero hardly took tho Braydalos for gentlefolk ; tlioy were but " statesmen," or yeomen farmers of a fow generations standing ; nnd Thorn wus companion to a somewhat riohor aunt, who had married a Manohostor merohunt of tlio second order. But Lionel Etheredgo saw in horaqueon of women, whom an v man might be proud to have won on his merits. After a momont she disonguged him gently, with that unobtrusive imperiousness tliero is no disobeying. Ho drew baok und gnzod at hor. Sho was flushed but beautiful. Her statuesque features woro pure Greek in outline ; but that delicuto pink glow — no art could equal it. Yet it was not for hor stately beauty alone that lie loved her, ho said to himself as he looked ut her. A toco liko thut must harbour a soul beneath it. The light that was in her lighted hor oyos ns she gazed at him. . "It is for tho last timo, Lionel," sho mur mured, with a regretful tona, as she drew baok and let her lids drop suddonly. "No, no, Thora; tho first— tho first of ten thousand," tho young man answered, eagerly. " Whoa onoe you havo said ray name to ma liko thut, you havo told - me everything ; you are mino for over," ... Thorn gazed at him earnestly. "I wish it wqro so," she answered frankly, with a linger ing oadenco. "But it never can ho, dear Lionel. I mustn't allow it. For your sako I must ho strong, nnd say no onco for all to you. Your unolo would novor oonsont to it — and you owo everything to your unolo." The young man gave a gesture of im- pationoe. "My unolo," ho oricd, half-con- tomptuously. "Oh, bother my unolo! No, Thora, I know lio'a been kindness itself to mo" —for there was roprouoh in her oyo at the strong word ho had ohcokcd ; " but tlioro nro matters wliore a mnn must tako no uooouiit of unolcs. Here, dearest. I shall row von out n littlo further again, and wo'U talk this over a bit mora together. Your aunt? Oh, aunts are in the saino box aa unoles. She must wait half an-hour. I won't lot you go till you'vo said yoa outright to mo." We all know the end of a colloquy that begins iii that way. When a woman is fight ing aguinst her own heart slio bus a powerful antagonist : and when tlmt antagonist is aided and abetted by tho man she loves, why tlio issuo of tho confliot Is a foregone conclusion. Before tho boat oamo to land again Thora Bruydule had yielded. She would ha Llouol Etheredgo'a wife as soon as he had obtained his uncle's consent to tlio murriugo. "But don't aslc Mr. Ashby," sho said tromulously, " till Aunt Lizzie and I havo got away to Antibos. I shall be afraid to hoar what ho says to you when you break tho news to blm. I know lie won't like It. And if he givos Mb oonsont — whioh ho won't, I'm sure — you must oomo out there to marry me." II. Mr. Ashby wore a fur-lined ooat, with sablo cuffs and collar. Now you know tho man. Fur trimmings to a masouline overoost stamp a typo. And tho typo is Mr. Ashby's. Ho was walking with tho Earl on the tor- rm? in on' "ta houso in Hertfordshire. Tho Virginia oreopor on the battlements was one blazo of orimson. Mr. Aslihy would not havo foregone thoso oronollutod battlomonta for ton thousand pounds. They lookod so baronial ! And boing a lutely-onriohcd moroliunt in tlio Russian trade, Mr. - Ashby naturally loved to bo baronial. Ho adored the oreopor. It redoomod the rawness of the brand-new ooat of arms, oarvod in brand-new Bath stone, thut stared him in the faoo above the prinoipaldoon ay. Lionel was Mr. Ashhy's favourite nephew. For Lionel's mother, Mr. Ashby's sister had married, a olorgyman ; and a clergyman, as everybody knows, is a most respectable family adjunct. Mr. Asliby bad brought Lionel up, his father being dead, and hud Bent him to Harrow and in duo timo to Oxford, and hod made a barrister of him, not with any idea of Wb practising ut tho bar for flltliy lnoro (of whioh Mr. Asliby bad enough for both), but booausa a wig and gown nro anoh gentlemanly Jiroporties, It was Mr. Ashby's dream in life, ndced, that Liouel should go into Parliament, nnd marry a lady of title— a courtesy lady. Ho wanted to bo able to say, " hiy nophow Lionel and bin wifo, Lady Ethel," or "Lady Ermyntnido," aa the oase might be, "aro stopping with mo at Frittington." It would r.bo lifting himself a step nearer to thoso sooiul hoavenH where poers dwell apart, in solemn grandeur, lovely and self- oontaiued, like the gods of Epiourus. And now, Mr. Ashby stood aotuully within reach of that earthly apothcoBls. Lord Ballysliannon was only an Irish poor, to bo sure, with no rent-roll left him by tho land oonrts to speak of ; and Lady Norah O'Sullivan was not a numo to coujuro with ns it stood, it iu true ; but what of that ? An carl's daughtor is an carl's daughter, ' ' ho tho samo mora or less," as tho lawyors would put it; and ifLionol married her, why, she would oo Lady Norah Etherodgo, whioh is dourly quite unothor matter. He would havo preferred an Ermyntruda or a Gludya to a Norah, it ia trno; but when it oomes to pcoragos — well — Russia morolinnta must not bo ohooRors. They must take their title whorovor they can got it. Lady Norah was pretty; Lady Norah was young; Lady Norah hud tho indefinable graco and oharm of Irish manners : and Lionel had paid her very marked attention at the dance at tho Walton fio Trafford's, last season. If ho hinted to Lionel thut Lady Noruh's papa was open to nn arrangement, Lionol would, of opqrso, bo doligbtcd to carry out his suggestion. " And your nophow is nt tbo Lakes 9 " Lord Ballyabannou mused, ponsivoly, in an uncon cerned fusbion. "Lucky young dog! be has nothing on onrth to do but run about and on joy himsolf! While my poor, dear boys, Mr. Ashby, have all had to go into Government offioes, and are working for thoir livings six hours a day, as no O'Sullivan ever did before since tho days of tho deluge." Mr. Asliby did not reply, " It's high time they begun then." Ho contented himself by drawing himself up in his fur-lined cost, and remarking oaHually, " Yes, I am fortuatno enough to ho ablo to make my nopliew a very handsome allowanoe." "Ho doesn't marry?" thoEari suggested, They both meant business ; but it is etiquotte to approach business of this delioate character by dexterous flank movements. " No, ho doesn't marry," tlio Russian merchant answered with a preoccupied air, weighing his words very carofully, "Ho doesn't murry. Tho fact of it is, Lord Bally- shuunon, I'm a trifle partioular ubout the ohoico of a wifo for him . I stand to him, you see, 1 in looo parentis,' " Mr. Ashby was proud of that phrase, so ho lingered on it lpviugly. « ' In loco parentis,' " ho repeated, hugging it; " and I don't wish him to marry unless " Mr. Ashby paused and deliberated — " unless I saw he had formed an uttaclimont for a lady whoso— well, sooial position wus in every wuy suitable for him. If he did happon to form an attaohinent for suoh a lady, I should of oourso he ready to mako her an ample settlement — a very ample settlement." Ho gazed abstractedly at the Earl. " Five thou- sand a your," he murmured, thoughtfully, " I should oall n handsome settlement." " Very lmndsoine," the Earl answered. And thoy lapsed into silence. " You think so ?" Mr. Ashby aBkod again, after a moment's rumination. "Deoidedly," answored tho Earl'; "if it waa tied up upon the lady." Mr. Ashby gazed onao more at him. " Oh, of oourse, tied up upon her," ho admitted with readiness. " Striotly tied up upon her." And ho mused agniu a second. That business was arranged. Ho saw it in tho oontonted gleam in Loril Bnllj- shannon's oyos, in the oarofuliy restrained ourl of repressed satisfaction at tho oornor of LordBallyshunnou'sMilosinn mouth. "Haven oigar?"liosaid, oarolosaly, drawing his oase from bispoekot. " Let's go and look nt the shibloa!" But ho telegraphed that evening to Lionel lithoredgo at Ainblosido— " Oomo back at onco. BaUyafinnnou will aooopt you. It's all plain sailing, Tho girl will oonsent. I have arranged for settloinonts." III. That was a week lator. Thora Braydnlo linil just started with hor aunt for Antibos. Lionol was glnd of that, for ho couldn't quite liavo conooaled from her tho pangs of ngitation this telegram oost him ; and yet, it would havo been impossible for him to toll hor the whole truth, Sho would havo bogged him to go lrnok and marry the earl's daughter. Howevor, ho did at unco what his unole ordered him — took tlio first traiu up to town next morning, on routo for Frittington to see Mr. Ashby ou this fresh development. , Lionel Ethoredgo laid boon brought up in tho midst of tho wiokedost society on oarth — tho " respeotnlile," wealthy, oommoroial sooioty in London. Ha had boon sent to a publio school and to a fashionable collogo, in order to "form dosimblo acquaintances, and to piok up tlio point of vlow of tlio "host pooplo," He bad boon sedulously taught from his ohildbood upwards that hie oloar duty was to trample nnoor foot all tho holiest and purest instinots of our natnro ; to sell his manhood for title or position in tho host market ; to bartor the prospoot of bis unolo'H monoy against a poor's daughter ; and to hold ovory thing olso, oitlior human ordlvino, snbsor- viont to tho baso desire for sooial advancement. Ho had learnt to think all these things aa part of an almost roligioua oode of notion. IIo had boon assured that an early marriage, un imprudent marriage, a marriage " bonoatli him, was the culminating point of wicked ness and folly. Ho liud boon givon to be lieve that right nnd wrong wore as dust in tho soales in comparison with tho olnims of tho host society. So ho had always thought— till ,ho met Thora Braydalo. And than with a rush tho wholo fnlso philosophy , so sedulously piled up by Mr. Ashby's hnnrls, had tumbled piooe- monl. Ho saw things as thoy ronlly woro. Ho understood that it is hotter, noblor, finer to marry u woman you lovo and rcspoot, a womun who can bring out whatever there la of higher nnd holier within you, than to marry tho daughtqr of a dozen marquisos. . It oamo to him with a flash ; and onco it had como, tho vilo faith in whioh lie had heon brought up disappeared as if by mugio. Ho stood face- to face at last with tho moral realities of tbo universe, to be concluded to-jiowow.' !"Givo yor a orange? Wot for ? " " Go' that ono I bought last woek was a had un,'! 'i Whew is it P." ; " I gave it to my slater," . ; " It mm a stormy mssliiiy itlioteii umls atui nephew." - 