1 he Blood White Kose CHAPTER XX. Artived at Godalininp;, I hired a trap with a iHBt horse, and Boon found myself at Mary'a cottage. A maidservant, whom I recognised as opening tbe door for me on the nicht I bad left Haarioa to exeoute the sad task of informing Mary of his desertion of her, received me. The girl's face was swollen ; she hud been oryiiifr, and was evi dently in great riisircits. ' Ob,' she cried, ' I'm so glad you've come) sir 1 I'm so glad you've come 1' I aakoil for her mistress, and Bhe broke into a fresli flood of tears. Alarmed at thii outbreak I bogged her to inform her mistress immediately that I wished to see her. ' Sbe's not hero, sir,' nobbed the girl ; she's gono.' ' Gouo !' I cried. ? Where V ' T don't know, sir. She went away two hours ago with a strange gentleman, and I don't think she is coming baok. But she'll die, sir 1 she'll die 1 H.«r heart's broke !' /. succeeded in oalming the girl, and then 1 learnt what bad occurred. Early in the morning, it appeared, a gentleman — from the description of whom I bad no difficulty in identifying Mr. Howarth— arrived at the house, and was closeted for a long time with Mary, who, at she conclusion of the inter view, wont up to her room and remained thoro for thirty or forty minutes, acoording to tbe girl's reckoning. Meanwhile the gentle man bad gone, and at the end of this time be returned with a carriage and pair. Then Mary had oalled the girl to her room, and, pointing1 to a letter, said it was to be given to Mr. Fielding or Mr. Philip, if either ol as ca'lcri. ?She wns so weak, air,' said tbo girl, 1 that sho conlrl scarcely speak, and there was Mood tbuul. her raauth. There's blood on tho loiiur, sir, sb you'll Heo. She gave me luminv to pay me nnd ttto other sorvints, twico as much as there \raa any oocasioa for, and oho said tbit if I didn't hoar anything from bnr bofure the week was. out we were all to leave tbe bonoe. I aaked the gentlemen if llio) woro coming back, and ho said no. H» whs very htorn — not to her, sir, no, not to hi' i- ; l.c i)o:od like a father to her, and all he aci'iunl nsixious about was to get away as (|iiick as poeaible. They drove away, and Hint jh till 1 know.' ' May I go op to her room? ' I asked, my lioart fainting within me at the description ttio girl h«d given oi Mary's condition. ' Certainly, sir,' said tbe girl, and I fol lowed her to the little room, wbiol) the gill ?mid was her young mistress's morning room. On tho table was an envelope, unsealed and unaddressed, and I was inexpressibly sbockod to nee that it was bespattered with blood. ' 1* thin tho loiter?' I naked, taking it up. 'Yes sir, that's tho letter,' replied the girl. ' 1 hnvon't read it sir ; no one lias boon bero bat you sinoe my poor mislrjss wont ftwny. I pat the letter in my pooket ; there was something in it besides paper, bnt I did not examine it. I oonoluded that it was intended for Maurice, and his were the eyes whiob first were entitled to see what it oontsined. ' Did your mistress meet with any acoident,' 1 aaked, ? to aooount for the blood V ' I think, sir,'-- sobbed the girl, ' that as she was writing it she mast have broken a blood vesHel. From tbe time you were last thert sho has been like a ghost, walking abool the house wringing her bands, or looking hersall in her room, and not allowing anyone to oome to her. Can you loll me what it all means, tir ? ' ' No,' I answerod. ' Fulfil your mis trcfis'a instruotiam, and remain in the house till you hear from her or from me. And take my adviae, and tell it to the other ser vants ; if anybody but Mr. Fielding or I como here to ask questions, do not answer them.' Sho promised to obey, and I left her. Tbore was too muob to do in town to linger where I coald be of no use. By eight o'clock I was in Bond Street, nnd there I found Flowers waiting for me. I beckoned to him, and ho accompanied me into the bouse. I inquired of the housekeeper whether Maurice was in, and she answered, ' No.' Then, as if the question I was about to put was of no importance, I inquired wbotbor any person had oalled to see me. No one bad onllod. With a sonso of relief I mounted the stairs, Flowors following cIobo at my beets. Before proceeding to my room, whioh held the dan gerous ohargo Mr. Howarlb bad entrusted to me, 1 want into Maurice's and scribbled a foir lines to llio offeot that if I was not in tbe house when he roturoed he was to wait up for me. Tbon Flowers and 1 asooniled to my boilroom. 1 Stop ? bit, sir,' said Flowers, ss I was about to put in tbo kny. ' Tea, it's all right. Nn ono Iiqb been boro.' Ho called my attention to a small pieoo of uilhesive paper whioh was tastenod across the oilgo of tho door in such a manner that the iloor could not bavo boon oponod without tearing it across. ' I diil it whon yonr hack wai turnod, sir/ lio Haul. ' It in tho Hotvidfrs ofTsomo postage Htamps.' ' Rot if anybody had obtained nnentranor,' 1 said, - ho would liavo noticed this Alight ((?liiKtinrd, Rtid oould oinily have rnplaoaa It with a frusb jileco ' ' That's tru#, sir,' iniil Flowon, ' bat he'd hurr hail lo do nomotblng else ?? wall, Hero urn my initials written acroia thu piprir, If tio omilil imiiais them noil d«of!va mo, I'd lorifitn biui, This is only ono of a (boniand poitr trick i of my profai»lnu, Vru oiilorml (lie room. Mr, Howartli'a imrcol, iiivo up in id oiuvita wr-ip|i|i)fr, **i unfit in it eornar of tbe room, 