ODD YARNS. [WBITTBN SOI. THE CuMHEHLANI) AllOUS.] THE GRAN VILLE GHOST. (B\ Abjaw). I nm not 11 young niun by any menna, and in thu course of many ynnra' trami)iaj;8 through tho colonies, I huvo met with many a quoer ndventuro, but. I huvo only onoe hud 11 ghost adventure, Mid I sincerely truBt I shall never hnvo anoth.'.r. At one time I did nut bolievn in tho ghott businoss at all. I nlwnys used to sneer at any one who talked of having viaita tioriH from spirit land, and I nlwiiya voted tho ghoul stories tluit were published in thu Chrisliruui numbers, abaoluto rot. That mis before I bad my ghost adventure. Now, I don't ridioale them — I Jialen syrapn thisingly, when a friend takes me into his confidence over a ghost mutter, and I sincerely pity him. If you have never had a ghost ndveutura, you aro a luolty individual, nnd my hearty wish is that you never will huve one. And tliB funny part is that I mot my ghost right in tbo heart of tiranville, and not so very many years ago either. Thoso who huve lived in Uruuvilla some time will romombisr the old dilapidated and deserted cottage that, up to a few years ago, stood on the Sydney - mud, at tho old slono bridge near where .the Eoaehill railway passes now. It used to bo tho toll- keeper's residence, in tho Rood old days, when you hud to pay for the privilege of coming into Granvillc, but, as time wont on, the toll-gate was abolished and the cottage remained as a monument of the past. No one lived there, and it used to be a regular resort for tramps of all descriptions, and got such a name that anyone going by at uight always hurried past, dreading that something might happen. Though it Iiiib gone now, I can never pass the spot without saeing the old placo in my mind's eye as it used to stand years ago, and thinking of the awful night I was forced to ft ay in it. I didn't go there of my own free will by any means — I had too great a dread of tho place for that. It was a New Year's night — I won't say how long ago, but not so very many years back. I had been to u party at a friend's plaoe in Booh wood, and had stayed rather later than was wise, and tho result was that I bad to either wait till the first train in tho morning or walk home. I decided on the latter, despite tbo fact that a thunderstorm was raging. My friends urged me to stay all night, but I declined, bcounse thero were special and pressing reasons why I should go home. So they lent me an overcoat, a pair of leggings and un umbrella, and I set off for n. diBmal tramp through the rain. Sly liookwood friend had presented me with an old-faBhioned double-barrelled pistol, to whioh I had taken, a liking. Ab a sort of joke, he hadloadfld it, and told mo that I could deal with any bushrangor I- met on the way. I acoepted it'- with a- laugh, little thinking what consolation it would bo to mo later on. As I trudged along the muddy road the storm gradually increased, and my walk seomod a never-ending one. When I got to Olydo I was wet to tho skin and just about as miserable as it is possible for any human being to be. I wua gotting that tired I could hardly walk along, and the storm was increasing every minute. At last I cumo to tho old bridge, and I decided that, couio ivhat may, I would go into the old cottage and wait till (ha worst of the storm was over. I did not like the idea by any moans, but just as I got to the bridge the storm broko in all its fury, and never have I seen suoh vivid lightning or bucu awful thunder. And tho rain ! It was simply pour ing down in tubf uls, and the whole of tho road seemed to bo flooded. The door of tho closer tod old plnco was shut, and us 1 pushed it open a creepy feeling came over mo, whioh I could not account for und which modo mo foel decidedly uncomfortable. My first thought af tor I hud shut myself in, was, of course, to see whether thoro woro any tramps in the building. I felt for my mutchos, but they wero too wet to atriko and I hud to wuit for enoh flash of lightning- to soiirch through tho place. At lust I convinced myself that I wiia nlono in possession, and folt uomowhat relieved. Tho Htorm showed no eignaof abate ment and I miido up my mind thut I should havo to pasa tho night in tho dismal placo. I searched round nnd found u heap of straw that hud mudo many a poor unfortunate's bed, and, thoroughly exhausted, I stretched mysolf on it and listened to crash aftor crush passing over head. My footings woro anything but pleasant and I fully oxpectod somethinc dreadful to happen every minuto. I suppoBO that feoling wus brought* un by tho fact that I hud beon listening to giiost-storieB tho creator part of tho night. I had heard all sorts and conditions of thorn, from tho ghosts of tho English gruvoyurdn to the ghosts in tho desolate bush of this country, and I could not drive tho thought away, that tho plnco in which I l«y wnB just tho spot for tho spirits of the dopurted to put iu an appearance Vainly did I try to porsuado myself thut thoro woro no such things us ghosts — ovory now and then I would got to wondering if, in days gone by, Bomo tragedy had taken place in this old cottage, and if tho ghost of someone who had mot with foul play haunted it yet. Consequently it was only natural that when, as I lay there shivering from both cold and fright, I hoard a low unnatural moan, it Boomed ub if an electric shock wont through me. I But up and atarod into tho darkneBS, fully expecting BDmothing awful to happen. I did not havo to wait long beforo, in tho midst of a olap of thunder, I hoard thut sound again. I crouched into a corner und draw out my old pistol, and, to my groat joy, discovorod that it had oscupod tho rain. No one cun roaliso what satisfaction that pistol gave rue, and I thanked my Rook wood friend from tho bottom of my heart for his gift. I mudo up my mind thut I should givo his ghostsbip tho contents of thoao two barrels if ho put iu im uppourance. It did not strike mo at tho time that a ghost could stand a pistol being fired through him and ask for moro. Again I hoard that noise, and again I shud dered and clutched tho pistol, Btraining my eyes to soo through tho darkness. Never had I realised what a coward at heart I was till that moment. Every now and then I would start, ftmoyingl heard aomoono moving iu the room, and then a flash of lightning would come and diepol the idea and I would be reassured for a time — until I heard that sound again ! The Busponse was awful and it is almost a miracle that my hair did not turn gray. Onco tho sound seemed much loudor and nearer, and I fancied I hoard a man creeping in the opposite corner of the room. I rnisod the pistol. My arm shook torribly, and some unearthly power seemed to prevent mo from firing. It seemed to be a torribly long time that I had lain there shivering, and yet it oould not have beon above a few minutes. I felt as if I would go mad if I stayed there, and, at last, summoning all the courage I could muster, I docided to get outside and brave tho storm and walk into Farrtimuttu, I wua desperate. I got up and dashed for tho door, fully expecting to be killed on the spot. I grasped the handle. The door would not yield. Frantically I tugged at it, and at last, with a crash, the look gave way, the door came open, and I fell on my back. Tho noxt minuto my blood ran cold, as something wet rubbed up against ray faco. I can nevor understand how it wus I didn't dio altogether of fright at that awful moment. But roliof came soon. A flash of lightning lit up tho whole plnuo, nnd I discovered thut tho cause of my alarm was a half -drowned tom-cat, who hud ovidently beon anxious to got out of tho wot, and who now gave a Bolf-.mtitfiod m-o-o o-w that brought me to my senses 1 Did I feol foolish? Did I fool roliovod? Did I swear? Well I guess yos— a little of euoh. Auyhow I left that unimal in full poBaossiou and I didn't stop until I reaohedParruinattu. That was my firtt ghostly adventure, und I sincerely trust it will bo my last. 