THE MERCURY. HOBART: THURSDAY, AUG. 26, 1889. EPITOME OF NEWS. First meeting, Loyal Temperance Legion at Temperance-hall this afternoon. Tenders close this morning for work at v New Norfolk Asylum. ', Extraordinary meeting of the Hobart ', Coffee Palace Co. this afternoon, i Juvenile Temperance Union entertainment at Temperance-hall on Friday evening. > Tasmanian Cycling: Club concert at Temperance-hall on 31st Inst. Hobart Choral Society announce moon- light excursion on board ss Taranna, and concert at North Bridgewater to-morrow ; evening. Boat leaves at 6.30 o'clock. Silver quoted at Cad. ' Victorian Treasurer has introduced a bill '< for borrowing £375,000. New South Wales Government calling tenders for 100,000 tons of steel rails. Cape Colony Government proposes a conference of States are rinderpest. Natives in Rhodesia not all yet inclined for peace. Mr. Cecil Rhodes goes to England in December. Victor Emmanuel, Prince of Naples, be trothed to Princess Helen of Montenegro. Rumours wife of forthcoming declaration of Independence in Transvaal. London tin quotation £60 10s to £61 market , - li- VA"" II . - DshomeyanB have attacked a French expedition, and committed slaughter. Turkish troops withdrawn from Cretan towns. Wife and daughter of French President decorated by the Sultan of Turkey. Rain completely prevented play on second day of Australia v. Surrey match. Man killed on Footscray railway line' , yesterday. Mayor of Sydney has declined to grant use of Town-hall for a political meeting. Frenchman in Sydney sentenced,, to three years' penal servitude for passing gilded sixpences as half-sovereigns. / Mr. Healy declares there will be no union of political parties in Ireland while John Dillon is leader. , ' Archbishop Benson proposes to discuss the relation of colonial Primates to the See of Canterbury. v South Australian Cricket Association con- demns " go-as-you-please " action of Australian team. New South Wales Cricket Association has cabled to representatives in Australian team to return by end of November. Yachts Meteor and Isolde collided off Isle of Wight Karon Zedtwitx, owner of the latter vessel, killed. Present chances of election to the Presidency of U.S.A. two to one in McKinley's favour. Colonel Spalding appointed Administrator for Norfolk Island, and will be installed by the Governor of New South Wales. Minister of Agriculture for New South Wales frames report of Intercolonial Tick Conference. Another Victorian lawyer, Hiram Godwin, suspended for irregularly retaining a client's money. Legislative Council of Queensland likely to pass second reading of Federal Enabling Bill on the voices IN the Legislative Council yesterday, Several more petitions were presented for legislation against sweeps. Also a petition in favour of womanhood suffrage, A return was tabled showing receipts and expenditure under the Codlin Moth Act. The CHIEF SECRETARY answered some questions relative to the position of honorary Entomologist. The Youthful Offenders and Neglected Children Bill was considered in committee, and progress was reported. The Mount Lyell Railway and Launceston Municipal Sinking Fund Bills were read a first time. At 10 p.m. the Council adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. In the House of Assembly yesterday. Further anti-gambling petitions were presented. The PREMIER tabled returns concerning the work of the University of Tasmania and the Council of Agriculture ; also papers con- certing the Claremont State school. Amendments in the Launceston Loans Bill and the Lyell-Strahan Railway Bill were agreed to, and the bills passed all other stages ' A message was received from the GOVERNOR embodying a vote of £12 les., re- fund to Mr. W. Blackwell one moiety of the license fee of Melton Mowbray Hotel. The rest of the evening was spent in committee on the Electoral Bill. Several new bills were read a first time. At 10.40 p.m. the House adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. WE never expected that HARE'S System of electing members of Parliament would find favour in the eyes of' those persons who love to parade themselves as Democrats, though it happens to be the most democratic system of electing representatives ever devised. It fulfils all the conditions which the most enlightened Democrats lay down in defining a proper representative system, for it provides for the accurate reflection of public opinion in Parliament. In fact, many enlightened Democrats in all parts of the world, the men who are the thinkers and the leaders, have accepted the System as a veritable democratic revelation, even when they think that the electors are not yet intelligent enough to work it out with success. On this point, however, we may say that the difficulties, so far as the electors are concerned, are not greater than those overcome in our method of voting by ballot, once thought to be beyond the capacity of the voters. The people, be it remarked, and especially in these colonies, are > not nearly so stupid as their professed friends are good enough to suppose, when to make them stupid happens to suit their purpose. All the difficulties, such as they are, of HARE'S System have to be dealt with by the Returning Officers and the Registrar, who, it may be presumed, will not find any great trouble in doing all that is required of them. We may dismiss, therefore, the objection on the score of difficulty, as being made under a mistake when it is not made merely for the sake of objecting, since any man who can I correctly mark a ballot-paper can master the system of voting now proposed. It is curious to note that no Ministry hesitates to get enacted a law which compels a man to fill up a Census-paper or an Income Tax return, though the operation in both cases is ten times more difficult than the filling up of a voting-paper under HARE'S System.. But, the truth is that many, we may say most of these, objections are urged by persons who really do not want a perfectly rational and fair system of election, but only such a system as will give one particular class a perpetual majority. The aim is class representation and legislation. It does not matter how large the numbers are or what fine phrases we may employ, the fact remains that when one-class can out vote all others we have class representation. We hear usually a great deal about " the People," but the term means the whole body of the community, not one portion of it. Now, when the People are represented all classes are represented, and represented in proportion to their relative strength, when we have really a Democratic Legislature. It is the same with opinions, which are more important than the classes. ' All opinions have a clear right to representation, and this is, in fact, fully admitted, for we are told that one part of the country will rectify the wrong done in another, and thus a combination of wrongs will produce a right. Unfortunately, this is by no means always the case, for it has happened again and again, and will continue to happen, that a predominant" opinion, especially if it is a wrong one, sweeps all before it, and the voice of reason and wisdom is not heard in the Legislature, just at the time when its need is the surest. Perhaps the most striking example of this is, the declaration of war which France made against Germany, which was sanctioned by an Assembly into which members had been thrust under a professedly democratic system by the influence of the Government. Had that Assembly been elected on HARE'S System there would have been no war. " ' Another objection is, that under the System a member cannot represent a locality, and it is necessary that local interests should be represented in the Legislature, as there is always a struggle for votes of money. Our own opinion is, that these struggles are most demoralising, both to the electors and the members, and if they could be got rid of altogether the country would be the gainer. But, there is, no doubt, a desire for local representation, because people like to \-- As . , have their ojpT member, and a member likes to appeal to his, old constituency. All this can be. gratified to the full under ' TABLES System. Indeed, Mr. HARE himself has made special provision for local representation, which falls within his system AS easily as any other part of it. If we suppose that the system was applied to the whole country, each district would have its separate Returning Officer, as at present, whose duty would be to declare each local candidate who got the quota of votes returned at once, i just as is now done. Thus, if the local electors believed in their local man sufficiently to give him this quota, he would be elected as under the existing system, and he would be member for the price for which he was thus returned. If some of the electors did not choose to vote for him, or the local member got more than the quota, the extra votes would be sent on to the Registrar, who would apportion them in their due order. Thus, we have a perfect system of local representation. Other objections raised are that if this System is so good it would have been adopted long ago, and that, after all, there is a considerable element of chance. With regard to the first, we may point out that a precisely similar objection was made to the ballot, which is quite a modern institution, and to many other changes besides. It is rather comical to think that this conservative objection comes from people who want women suffrage, the referendum, one man one vote, and a host of other things besides, who do not see that their own objection de- stroys their own case. They even go so far as to urge that the enlightened people of England have not adopted the system, overlooking the facts that this also applies to their own case, and that England borrowed the ballot from these colonies. Such objections as these answer themselves. As to the alleged element of chance, it does not in practice exist at all. In the first place, every man who gets the quota of votes required is at once returned, and this would include probably, nine- tenths of the members elected. Then, the distribution of the number two votes, can be made on a system which gives to the man highest on the poll the first count, so that the best effect is given to the largest number of what are called plumpers for one man. But, no matter how the second and third counts are made, the element of chance is very small, practically nothing as compared with the chances that now affect any ordinary election. The Assembly last' night adopted the System without a division, which we take to be highly creditable to it, as the fact shows that it is able to master and apply a new idea. . ______________ THE Ministry will probably find that it was a bad bit of diplomacy to have introduced the Deserted Children Bill in the Legislative Council, where, again this session, it is being received with much hostility on the part of some of the members. They characterise it as another specimen of the present Govern- ment's policy of over legislation and thirst for changes. Mr. Piesse is lauded for the manner in which he has con- solidated the present law in a portion of the bill ; but the new clauses, it is contended, go too far, interfering as they do with the liberty of the subject, and are calculated to subject many innocent persons in their teens to the painful ordeal of proving his or her innocence, whilst the spirit of British law is that every person shall be presumed to be innocent until proved guilty. Indeed, it is proposed to give the police and others power to apprehend youthful persons who are not actually guilty of crimes, and thrust them into industrial and training schools. Such legislation, Mr. Gellibrand insisted, meant reverting to pains and punishments belonging to the "dark ages of the colony. Whilst much of the freshlegislution proposed in the measure is, undoubtedly, expressed in a crude, unsatisfactory manner and requires considerable amendment in one or both Houses, there are, on the other hand, some new clauses that are likely to prove beneficial to the community by providing means of dealing in an effective manner with neglected and troublesome children and youths generAlly, but these will require a good deal of remodelling before being passed into law. THE praiseworthy desire on the part of members to give every facility possible to persons entitled to vote at the elections received a sudden check in the Assembly Chamber yesterday. Everyone seemed as startled as if " the ghost had entered the Chamber, the apparition which caused the shock being the earth any concession to the travelling single vote might also give the hated pluralist a loophole for plying the vocation for which the average member of fear He- ment expresses such contempt, except at election time, when it seems likely to work himself a little good But for this bogie, it is quite impossible to say what provision would not have been made of a novel character for outside voting, regardless almost of the evils which the present restrictions were designed to remedy, the change being now left- as a general privilege to vote at any polling place in the district where the qualification arises. This, of course, only touches the fringe of the hardship, it gives a slight grievance a remedy, but does not relieve that of the man who really cannot reach his place of voting and wants to do so, but that was the effect of the " plural] ghost." The difficulty, of course, is in regard to the number of marked ballot papers issued to the various returning officers. The Attorney-General at the table of the House has attempted to meet such emergency cases, and a slight provision is made in this respect, which may or may not turn out to be enough. The point for the electors is the concession already given which, from a district point of view, may not involve much danger of personation as a bad set-off to the good bestowed T-*""^T?^-' I!" SIR PHILIP FYSH has prepared and issued a Rejoinder to " Some Conditions of Australian Federation," a lecture by Sir Samuel Griffith, given, under the auspices of the University extension Council, and delivered in Brisbane. The results which Sir Samuel Griffith brought out were rather startling, and seemed to show that the financial results, of Federation would be very unequal and very incongruous. But, some further consideration shows that these figures were based on the assump- tion that Federation had not taken place, that is, that there was not intercolonial Freetrade, and thus they showed the outline of a state of affairs which would be actually non-existent Now, Sir Philip Fysh shows, as we think conclusively, that to take the Customs revenue for any particular year and to assume that this will be always the revenue ' under a federal system, is a most fallacious method of calculation, because there are number of other mafßatoib*tok»* into account. The following paragraph from the Rejoinder seems to us to embody the true state of the case. Sir Philip says-The common with others who have turned attention the Commonwealth. financial problem, j I was startled by the results which Sir Samuel brought out, until I became fully seized of the importance of the mistake made by taking the example of 'Actual Revenue' from Customs etc., so varying as I have pointed out, and disregarding the effect of Intercolonial Freetrade and a Uniform Tariff, between which and differential existing tariffs there can be no useful contrast made. The non-realisation of this appears to be the cause of all Sir fciuiiiuel Griffith's difficulties." The question as to how the surplus revenue shall be divided is one of considerable difficulty. The Bill provides that it shall be divided in proportion to contribution, but this does not appear to work out well, and Sir Philip contends for the original proposal that it should be divided according to population. In fact, there are so many conditions to be taken into consideration, as Sir Philip shows, that it is really almost impossible to form a distinct idea of what the actual results will be, because we have to reckon smings, remission of duties, etc., all of which will be a gain to the people concerned. This subject is one which will, certainly, be much more fully discussed when the next convention meets, and with a great deal more information I than was available on the previous occasion. A HUTunN ordered by the Legislative Council, at the request of Mr. Collins, has been presented, showing the assess- ment and taxation of real estate in Tasmania during the year 1895. The assessed capital value was £19,646,313, and the assessed annual value, £987,280 11s. 6d. Taxation is thus specified Land Tax, £38,257 55s Municipal and Town Board Rates (including Municipal police) £52,492 16s. 8d.; road rates, £17,631 Is. 10d.; Territorial Police rates, £10,6 15s. 8d. Total taxation. £119,007 19s. 2d. If to this is added the £29,934 Income, Tax realised in 1895, the total of direct taxation levied on the people of Tasmania for the year was £148,941 19s. 2d. Customs duties for the same period totalled £301,364. Add to this Dividend Tax and Succession Duties, and the taxation of the island approaches closely to £500,000 per annum THE decisions of the Sydney Tick Conference must be regarded as of some weight, if only because they show a disposition on the part of the colonies interested to act together in regard to the pest, and that, too, without allow- ing the question of finance to unduly creep into prominence to influence their operations. It is, indeed, just such a grave emergency, repeated on a more directly bellicose scale, and against the human being instead of the dumb animal, that may eventually bring the greater federation to a head, the " shot h red in anger," about which so many have already written, which will give almost painful tension to the crimson thread of kinship which at other times floats so simply to and fro in an atmosphere troubled only with local disturbances. The conference acknowledges a common enemy, a common danger, and a common duty. The first, the tick itself, it does not yet fully understand, | an admission which gives great hope for the future, and in confirmation of which the experiments now proceeding in Queensland are to be continued by expert representatives from each of the four contiguous mainland colonies, at the joint expense of all. In addition to this a. reward of £5,000 is contemplated, to. be given to the person who first discovers, and makes known, a satisfactory preventive or remedy for the disease known as tick fever. Then, to avert present danger, it has been decided to ask the Queensland Government to extend the prohibitory lines to a point well in advance of any known ticks action, which if agreed to and carried out, will satisfy the common cry for protection, of which the conference was the outcome. Hides, properly treated, the conference seems to think are not an element of danger, or a source of contagion. The results of the conference, therefore, are a guarantee of safeguards which, if loyally carried out, will do much to minimise the cause for alarm amongst cattle owners who fear, and rightly fear, the spread of the plague to these shores, the loyal regard for the general welfare upon which, after all, so much of the efficacy of even the most strict gent safety precautions must ultimately turn. If the expert board, or a lucky private individual, can discover a cure for the fever, things will be made still more plain, but until that is brought about preventive measures must not be relaxed, and so it is cheering to see such a cordial unanimity on the subject. How Tasmania has fared at the conference will probably not be known until the return of her unofficial delegate, Mr. Tabart, to headquarters once more. ' '_ ENGLISH MAILS-The homeward bound mails, which left Tasmania on the 13th ult., arrived at London on the 18th inst., per R MS. Arcadia. They were due on the 19th inst. BRUSSELS ExmniTioy. - In reply to a representation from the Belgium Consul in regard to the forthcoming Exhibition at Brussels, the Premier has promised the sympathy and co-operation of Tasmania with other Australian colonies in any practical arrangements in the direction of Australian representation at the Exhibition.' The matter has been brought under the notice of the various Chambers of Commerce of the colony, who are considering it. VICTORIAN FlSIIl'.RMiiN IN TASMANIAN WATERS.- Messrs. Matthew Seal, CUIZJU Allport, Bernard Shaw, Alex. Morton, and H. Knight (secretary), formed a deputation from the Fisheries Commission to the Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) and Chief Secretary (Hon. W. Moore) yesterday morning, regarding the action of Victorian fishermen in Bass Straits. They pointed out that some fishermen from Victoria had literally taken possession of Kent's Group for fishing purposes, and were using appliances that did not come within the Tasmanian Fisheries regulations. One of the nets they were using was some 400 fathoms long, with a mesh of a very fine character, and a large purse in the centre When this act was worked it simply acted as a scraper, and took fish of all sizes It had been stated on the best authority that for some time past two ships had been trading between these Islands and a motorist, taking on an average each trip SOO scoops of trevally and garfish, of which 25 scoops represented a too. It had also been stated that a company had been started in Melbourne, with a view to stationing some boats in the neighbourhood of Port Davey for trumpeter fishing, and that a steamer was being fitted out with refrigerator apparatus for the purpose of enabling the company to land their fish in Melbourne to a marketable condition. That such proceedings should be allowed was very unfair to the Tasmanian fishermen and moreover, the Tasmanian fisheries were being decimated thereby. The deputation, therefore, asked that the Government should take immediate action, with a view to mt kins these Seven men amenable to the Tasmanian fisheries regulations. The Premier, in reply, pointed out that the subject would have to be dealt with carefully, and in a depth matta manner, but he assured them that no time would be lost in bringing the matter before the Victorian Government, with a view to carrying out the recommendations. "W V. PIACOOK & Co's. New Season's Jams are ONE POUND nett " RELIEF WORKS -The number of men employed by the Government on relief works is now about 150 Two gangs are at work in the Lake district, two between the Ouse and Marlborough, one at Recherche, two at the Upper Huon, and several on the West Coast. 