[?] Wi^^l|l^ilGESS. ? Bt HEDLEY BIC&ABDS;, Antitor of ' The Omerod Mystery » D«e Tragedy,' 4c., 4o.,' CPAPTEB XVHI— CoKTnram. ' SAViD EnoBxs TBnnra hx bus a ohost. Ofteo at the Manor he had fancied ttathe had aeen both Iter and his How, in the broad dayliglit, tbi^ixmld be no mistake — the face s WMiiiinustakably G wen's, bnt paler and aadqer. For aa instant after ahe had disappeared he remained gazing at the spot where she had stood, the gTMtdiops of perspiration standing ? uke haads on his forehead. ; -i; SMb this drama had been enacting, Heither Baynes, who had also oome ,fat awalk In tiw dimotionof Sommer ton, had, stood silently watching. mAing slowly along the 1040,^6 *? ahe came lonnd a bend Ai saw Dr. Jjloyd's guest mount a stil^'llien Boddenly pause, with his eyti fixed$n the pan wall opponte ' iO v}tlm PaiDSthg, die follomd the : ' fit his gate, and saw the girl who had been her oompanlon on tnat eyMtttolioamey from London. She v noticed the str≱ way is which they eabh othtt, Ihen ' Owen's indden disappearanoe, and she waited to *e wtat the sbaoger would do. As he teoovered himself and des cended from the *tQe into tbe lane, SeoibK wmt fonmtd. He did not notice her &pptoaeh;~ until she was dose to him; then he started and turned quickly round. Sbe noticed f how pallid and agitated he was. Evidently he reoognised her, as he nta&Ais; hat aadiaid : ? - 'Eicnae me, bat l think yon ate tits Miss Blair whom my friend Dr. i ^Uoyd knows.' . ' You ate right as regards my name, %- »^jyolQ^Pr.IdoydJ''shesaid,a ' replied, with C WmetbingUke a dgh of relief. 'May 1 ask,' heoontinusd, as he walked on by herdde, ' if you notioed anything onoommon above the park wulinstnow?' 'Anything onoommon?' she re nested. looking at him. ' Yes ; don^ think I have lost my eenses, but just now I saw a ghost.' ' A ghost?' ahe said, incredulously. ' Yes. J aee you do not believe me, but I saw the ghost of my dead «otunn.' ' Impossible !' sbe replied. 'I am quite certain I did. Ob, \- Miss Blair, you were in that fearful . accident' in'whicb mjr oousin lost her life ; tell me, did yon see her before the accident ?' ' I cannot say ' she replied, gravely. ?nT(»n,.W „..U I ? uuuO| jwu nuuiu uovo . rememberod her, for- she was very lovely. Oh, heavens !' he added, im pulBively, ' I wish she had never gone into that place. 1 have never had a moment's peace sinoe.' ? ' What place she inquired. 'I 'VThe' asylum. She bad escaped from it, and was journeying north when the accident happened.' ? ' Why did you put her there ?' ^Hastlier asked, in a low, impressive tone. 'I didn't ; it was my uncle. I would have stopped at that — at least, I think so. Heaven knows 1 have sufferol for it. She haunts me per si&tJntly; ; but I never saw her bo vividly as I did just now,' he said, inclusively. ' But why should she haunt you ? You did her no wrong whon you placed her in the asylum ; it is the best plaoe for any one who is insane,' elie said, diliberately. ' Of oourse it is for any one in sane,' and ho laughed nervously. ' To be sure. So as you have done her no injury, why should it distress you to see her spirit ?' ' Nt-, why should it ? But then it isn't pleasant to bo haunted by a spirit.' ' I don't think I should mind, so long as I had done it no injury while in the body. Hut tell me, Mr. Hughes — you see, I know your name — what your cousin was like?' Then David described Owen so faithfully that uny doubt Hesther had was dispelled. She know for certain that her champion had injeed bt;en tlie poor girl who had c-;caped from the asylum, aud 1 Jesther felt convinced that she hud boon unjustly confined j there. She rejoiced that circum stances had so far favoured Gwon. J When they reached Poplar House, Heather bade her companion adieu, nnd on pntrf'rin' slu- at nnr-o nrnr'/wi/l(iil to the parlour, where Miss Willoughby was seated. The latter looked up quickly as the girl entered. ' Havo you been walking with that man who is staying with the doctor The question was abruptly a^ked, and Heather saw that the old lady was displeased. ' 1 have walked home with him. 1 met him near to SominiTton Park, and he spoke to me,' she replied, in a straightforward manner. ' Lt!;« his impudence ! (iirl, that jnan h the face of 11 villain, and 1 am suiprised at J)r. Lloyd ii-Mciuuiif' with him.' ' They were schoolfellows,' said Ilesther, quickly. She liked the doctor too wt.ll to have him traduced in any way. ' I know that ; hut if one boy grows up an honest, good man, and tho other a villain, they ought to part company ; and you should have ignored him when he spoke to you. You know I dislike the man and you had nq right to speak to him. Do j-ou hoar?' said the arbitary old licsther drew herself up a trifle proudly. ' The circumstances were peculiar and she repeated what David Hughes had 2 {lid, without telling that she ner (jrlf had seen the face above tho wall. ' He thought he saw a ghost, did h'- *' Y-'as bo sober ?' asked Miss Vv'ihVvgliby. ',I believe he was.' Very well, than, my opinion is that if this Mr. Hughes is so afraid of ilia cousin's ghost, he httB done bar some wrong. Voty likely put her into an asylum to get her money. There are such things done even nowadays. I told yon the man was a villain, and you'll find- he will be proved one. Poor girl, I wish ahe had come to me,' said the old lady, iu a gentler tone than usual. For a minute Heather was tempted to tell her what a strange complication had arisen through (hat unfortunate ? railway accident. Then she resolved to hold her peace, as her short ex perience of Miss Willoughby had taught her that if there waa one thing ahe disliked more than another, it waa to be deoeived. ' Yes, I would have befriended her,' ahe Mid, emphatically, when Hesther did not reply ; ' but as for thia ghost, it's all humbng. It is the man's own conscience ; and mark me, Miss Blair, you hold no farther com munication with him. I won't have it. Do you hear ?' Heather meekly replied that she did, and left tbe parlour, and proceeded to ber own chamber in order to remove ber outdoor tilings. But instead of dung so she sat down, and began, pondering the enigma. Here waa she, Hesther Baynes, bearing* false name, probably one invented by the poor girl who was toning to escape from her ead late. Then some unknown girl had been buried as Gwendoline Ap Bhsea; probably the friends of this unfortun ate being were sorrowing that not even ber remainB had been discovered — as had happened in several cases, only a heM- of charred bones being found — while the real Gwen waa passing aa Hesther Baynes, and filling the poet die waa to nave held. It would be a difficult matter to set right, bat Hesther decided that it most be done. Dr. Lloyd had told her that David Hughes had succeeded to his oouBin's fortune, and ahe bad little doubt tbat money was at tbe bottom of the poor gid'a detention in the asylum. Now that she had es caped, it was only righ t that her sanity should be established, and on tbat point Hesther had no doubt Tbe girl who had travelled with ber had been perfeotly sane. Once that was pram, she could claim her fortune, and then Hesther could resume her own name, which she was glad to think a chapter of acoidents had made eo nsefuL The first thing to be guarfod against was letting David Hughes know that Owen lived. So long as he thought it was her ghost that he had seen, his cousin would be safe ; but let him oncc find out the truth, and she would be in great peril, not only, from bim, bat from his unole, who had apparently been more to blame than he had. At any cost she most be warned not to go beyond tbe park alone ; but how was that to be done ? The more Hesther reflected tbe stronger became her conviction that she must undortake. the task -herself. It would be a difficult one, as Gwen believed that she (Hesther) was dead, and might perhaps even mistake her for a ghost. Hesther laughed at the idea, thinking that she would soon ba able to dispel that fear. The nest question was — How could she contrive to meet her ? And she taxed her brain in vain, until she at length decided to call boldly at the Hall and ask to see her. It would be hazardous, but she must risk it ; and once they bad met they could arrange a plan to secure Gwen's fortune and safety — matters in which Hesther felt considerably inter ested. During their brief journey the beautiful girl had appealed to her sym pathy. Besides, Hesther had strong philanthropic impulses, and these prompted her to battle for the wronged and suffering Gwen. Having decided the matter to her satisfaction, she went down stairs, where she found Dr. Lloyd talking to Miss Willoughby. He turned round as she entered, and after greeting her, asked her if she had seen the ghost which had so alarmed his friond. ' I did not see my ghost,' she said quietly. He looked at her, thinking thorc was some reserve in ber answer, but he did not press the question. ' Gho?t, doctor ! The man's done done something wrong to his cousin, or he wouldn't he so frightened,' said Miss 'Willoughby. Dr. Lloyd looked gravo, but be only remarked that his friend was very much changed. ' However, the ghost will not dis turb him loug, as he intends returning home to-morrow morning,' he said lightly, little knowing how much his words h i 1 r lit veil one of his hearers. 'To hk f'i\'Tixi;Bi-.] 