A Terrible Secret ; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHERON. o — By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING- Suthor of "A Woman'p Jdajjd." A "Wonderful Woman" ".Wed, Tet No Wife, &o.;, &o.; CHAPTER XXVI.— (Continued). 'I don't understand you, Edith, "Charley Bays. "I feel like asking you the same question Trix did. Why do you marry Sir Victor?" "Why do I marry him?" she repeated. "Well, a little because of his handsome face and stately bearing, and the tri umph of carrying off a prize for which your Lady Gwendoline and half a score more have battled— a little because he pleads so eloquently, and loves me as no other mortal man did or ever will; and, oh, Charley, a great deal because he is Sir Victor Cathcron, of Catheron Royals, with a rent-roll of twenty thousand a year and more, and a name that Is older than Magna Charta. If there be any virtue in truth, there you have it plain, unvarnished. I like him — who could help It? But love him — no!" She clasp ed her hands over her head, and gazed dreamily out at the sparkling, sunlit scene. "I shall he very fond of him, very proud of him, when I am his wife — that I know. He will enter Parliament, and make speeches, and write political pamphlets, end redress the wrongs of the people. He's the sort of man politi cians are made of — the sort of man a wife can be proud of. And on my wed ding-day, or perhaps a day or two be fore, you and I shall shake hands, sir, and see each other no more." "No more," he repeats. "Well, for a year or two at least, until all the folly of the past can be remem bered only as a thing to be laughed at; or until there is a tall, handsome Mrs Stuart, or, more likely, a Lady Gwendo line Stuart. And, Charley," speaking hurriedly now, a,nd not meeting the deep grey eyes she knows are fixed upon her, "the locket with my picture, and the let ters — you won't want them then; sup pose you let me have them back?" "I won't want them then, certainly," Charley responds, "if by 'then' you mean when I am the liuaband of the tall, fas- Stuart, or, more likely, a Lady Gwendo line. But as I have not that happiness yc-t, suppose you allow me to retain them until I do. Sir Victor will never know, and he would not mind much If he did. We are cousins, are we not? and what more natural than that cousins once re moved should keep each other's pic tures? By-the-by, I see you still wear that little trumpery pearl and turquoise brooch I gave you, with my photo, at the back. Give it me, Edie — turquoise does not become your brown skin, my dear — and I'll give you a ruby pin, with Sir Victor's picture, Instead. Perhaps, as turquoise does become her, Lady Gwendoline will accept this as love's first timid offering. The rubies will do twice as well for you." He stretched forth his hand to unfas- ten it. She sprang back, her cheeks flushing at his touch. "You shall not have It. Neither Lady Gwendoline nor any one else shall ever wear it, and, married or single, I shall keep it to my dying day if I choose. Charley! What do you mean, sir? How dare you? Let me go!" For he had risen suddenly and caught her in his arms, looking steadily down Into her dark eyes with a gaze she could not meet. Whilst he held her, whilst he looked at her, he was her master, and he knew it. "Charley, let me go," she pleaded, "rf any one came in — the teervants, or — or Sir Victor- " He laughed contemptuously, and held her still. "Yes, Edith, suppose Sir Victor came In, and saw his bride-elect with a sac rilegious arm about her waist! Suppose I told him the truth — that you are mine, not his — mine by the love that alone makes marriage holy — his for his title and his rent-roll bought and sold! By Heaven, I half wish he would!" Was this Charley— Charley Stuart? She caught her breath, her pride and lier Insolence dropping from her — only a girl in the grasp of the man she loves. In that moment, if he had willed it, he could have made her forego her plight, and pledge herself to be his wholly, and he knew it. "Edith," he said, "as I stand and look at you, in your beauty and your selfish ness, I hardly know whether I love or despise you most. I could make you marry mc — make you, mind — but you are not worth it. Go!" He opened his arms contemptuously, and released her. "You'll not be a bad wife to Sir Victor, I daresay, as fashionable wives go. You'll be that ornament of society, a married fiirt; but you'll never run away with his dearest friend, and make a case for the D.C. 'All for love, and the world well lost,' is no motto of yours, my handsome cousin. A week ago I en vied Sir Victor with all my heart; to day I pity him with all my soul." He turned to go, for once in his life thoroughly aroused — passionate love, passionate rage, at war within him. She had sunk back upon the sofa, her face hidden in her hands, humbled as in all her proud life she had never been humbled before. Her silence, her hu mility touched him. He heard a stifled sob, and all his hot anger died out in pained remorse. "Oh, forgive me, Edith," he said; "for give me! It may be cruel, but I bad to speak. It is the first— It will be the last time. I am selfish, too, or I would never have pained you. Better never hear the truth than that the hearing should make you miserable. Don't cry, Edith —I can't bear it. Forgive me, my cou sin—they are the last tears I shall ever make you shed." The words he meant to soothe her hurt more deeply than the words he meant to wound. "They are the last tears I will ever make you shed." An eternal farewell was in the words. She heard the door open, heard it close, and knew that her love and her life had parted in that instant for ever. CHAPTER XXVII. — "WHEN THE BRIDEGROOM IS WIDOWED THE DAY HE IS WED." Sir Victor spent an hour at Catheron Royals with the workmen, giving his orders. One room was to be walled up completely— the room in which, three- and-twenty years before, a foul murder had been done. He looked tat his watch —It was half-past two. He would re turn, he thought, and, if Edith's head ache permitted, drive her out for an airing. A brisk drive in this fresh, crisp sunshine and. air would do her all the good in the world. "Please, sir. granny wants you." A little voice at his elbow piped this. Sir Victor looked down, and saw a nine-year-old urchin, pulling respect fully his forelock and ducking respect fully his tow head. "Please, sir, granny wants you." They were near the entrance gates, and the urchin pointed with one grimy hand towards the gate lodge as he spoke. "Who are you, my lad?" the young baronet asked, doubtfully. "I'm Johnny Miller, please, Sir Victor, and granny wants you, she do." "Who is granny?" "She's granny, please, Sir Victor — mammy's mother. She'd come out to see you, only she can't walk. She's a cripple, plense, Sir Victor, and she wants to see you." "Very well, my man; lead on. I'll go and see granny, of course." The boy ran before and held open the door for the lord of the manor. Sir Victor entered the little parlor of the lodge, a pretty sunny room, its diamond-paned window filled with roses and geraniums, and a queer little old woman sitting in a low chair knitting. "This is granny, please, Sir Victor. You'll have to speak loud, please, Sir Victor, 'cos granny she's deaf. Here be Sir Victor, now, granny," Johnny bawled in his venerable relative's car. "Ay, ay," the old woman said, gazing at the tall, slender figure, and pleasant, fresh-colored face, with her dim, bleared eyes, "it's Sir Victor. I'm an old woman —a very old woman — eighty- nine next Michaelmas — but I'd know his father's Eon anywhere. It's the same face — the same face — pleasant, and smiling, and bonny. Ah, it's a very strange world — a very strange world I" She wagged her hoary old head, and pointed to a seat close by. "Will you kindly sit down a minute or two, Sir Victor? Run away, Johnny, deary, and shut the door. I'm sorry to trouble your honor, but I'm a very old woman, and I've seen and heard some very queer things in my time. I'm eighty-nine, Sir Victor, and people that's eighty-nine have seen a mort o' queer sights, and heard a mort o' queer sounds." "Wise generalities," -thought Sir Vic tor, smiling inwardly. "Is the old dame in her dotage, I wonder? She does not look unlike it. My good soul"— aloud— "if you have anything especial to say to me, I think I must ask you to say it at once. I am on my way to Powyss Place, and want to get there in half an hour." "Powyss Place," muttered the old woman, still wagging her venerable head. "Oh, yes, I mind it well, and her ladyship, too. He was at Powyss Place the night the pretty little wife was killed. What a night that was ! It seems only yesterday, and it's three- and-twenty years. She was a winsome little lady, with hair like flax — as yellow and as silky — and always a smile on her pretty face. And they killed her ! Peary me, it's a wicked world— a wicked world." "Are you speaking of my mother, dame?" the young man asked, im patiently. "Your mother. You were a baby then. I carried you in my arms manyandmany a time. She was little more than a baby herself, and they killed her, killed her while she slept, and her handsome young husband, that was so fond of her, and so proud of her, far away. There was little sleep that night, nor for many a night, at Catheron Royals. He went mad and died, poor young gentleman, and lies buried in a foreign land. And your honor is that like him, with your fair hair and bright eyes, that I could almost believe that I see him again with his bride by his side. But that bride is down in the lonesome vaults— the black, cold, lonesome vault — and they tell me your bride is yonder — another bonny bride from over the sea." The dim old eyes looked at him in quiringly. He nodded in assent. What was the drivelling old drone driving at? he wondered. "It's true, then; it's true, and there'll be another grand wedding at Catheron i Royals, and the joy bells will ring, and the bonfires blaze, and the people cheer, and feasting and merry-making and joy everywhere. Maybe I'll be alive to see it — I'm a very old woman, and I've lived to see a mort o' queer things. Dear, dear, dear ! The old must die — the young must wed. But whether I live to see it or not, I'll tell you now. I always said I'll tell you if you lived to be a man. But maybe you know it already?" "My good woman, know what?" Sir Victor asked, still impatiently. "I don't understand a word you're saying. Know what?" The watery old eyes regarded him solemnly. "The prediction." "What prediction?" "The prediction of the Catherons. Ah, I thought you didn't know it. My lady, she wouldn't tell you; but you ought to hear it— you ought, you ought." "A prediction ! This grows interest ing," said Sir Victor, laughing. " We have our family ghost, why shouldn't we have our family prophecy? Let me hear it, dame. Does it in any way concern me?" "You and your bride — you and your bride. There's none of the name left now but you." "It Is not an evil one, I hope. Pray let us have it at once." "You are laughing Ah, young folks always laugh — It is for the old to weep. You won't believe It, maybe — my lady won't believe it; but it will come true — it will come. The rest came true — so will it." "Will you let me hear it?"- N He looked at his watch feverishly; but the old woman was not to be hurried. "I mind the night we sat up with your father — me and John Hooper. He was butler then, was John Hooper, and he's i dead and gone for what I know. I mind j the night— it rained and blew, and the j dead lady lay down stairs with the stab I in her heart. The young husband lay with us raving with brain fever, and she lay in Chesholm gaol. The first of it came true that night, and I Eaid to John Hooper, ' Wait and see. Mark my words if the rest won't come true In time. He's a bit of a babe.' I said, 'but he'll grow up to be a man, and he'll fall in love and marry a wife, and on his wedding-dayt he last of the prediction will be fulfilled.' " If it had not been against Sir Victor Catlieron's instincts and principles to swear, I think he must have sworn now. He suppressed the wicked desire, and looked the rambling old goody straight and stern in the eyes. "My good woman," he said pathetically, "will you tell me, or will you not? In five minutes I shall have left this room. Repeat this wonderful prophecy of yours, and have done with it." "I mind it well — I have it pat," was the old dame's unmoved answer, with a largest dismal wag of her head. " The first of it was about the murder. Here it is : "When murder the foulest that was ever done Stains the hand of a Catheron, the race shall be run. 'Stains the hand of a Catlieron !' Ah, everybody knew it was Mr Juan, though he got off. A bad, bold boy, with the devil in his two black eyes, and wicked thoughts ever in his heart." "Go on — do go on." "This is the next. I'm an old woman, a very old woman, but trust me not to forget this : "When in Chesholm prison a murderer's place Is filled by a woman of Catheron race. That meant her, you know — Miss Inez. She was innocent, but they put her in. She hated Sir Victor's bonny young bride — she wanted to be his wife her self; but I never believed she did it — never, never. That was true that night; the rest is to come — the rest is for you." "Go on," Sir Victor said again. The dull old eyes fixed themselves upon him, the old lips spoke : "When the bridegroom is widowed the day he is wed, The race shall be ended, the name shall be dead." There was a pause. Sir Victor sat taken aback, to say the least of It. Latent in his nature lay strong super stition, and the rhyme of the old woman startled him for an instant. Then he laughed again, and arose. "My good soul, is that all?" "All !" the old woman repeated, dole fully; "and enough for sure. It will come true — mind, I warn you. The rest came — so will this. I'm sorry for it — I don't want to frighten you; but mark me, it will come." The baronet took from his pocket a sovereign, and placed it in her lap. He laid his hand upon her shoulder, and looked steadily and sternly in her eyes. "See here, my good woman; you mean well, I have no doubt, but don't repeat this nonsense to anyone again— you hear me, to anyone. It is rubbish, of course, but rubbish may annoy. You under stand? You are to repeat this to no one." "I understand. I've kept it for three- and-twenty years until to-day— I can keep it until I die. But mind, I've told you — I've warned you— it's a duty off my mind. Call it saense if you like; but the rest true, and when the time comes, so will it all." He hardly waited for the last words — he was gone with quick, impatient strides. What folly was this? It was folly, of course, and yet folly, as he had said, with power to annoy. "When the bridegroom is widowed the day lie is wed;" doggerel rubbish certainly, and yet as a stray tune haunts one at times, so the jingle haunted him all the way home. "The rest oame true !" the croaking voice of the old woman was in Ills ears again; "when the time cnmoB, so will this." "Widowed the day he is wed !" That meant Edith would die. He started fmm his reverie in horror. Good heavens, what a fool he was to let this doggerel rubbish trouble him. "I am growing more nervous than a schoolgirl." he thought. "How Edith would laugh at me if she heard this. I wonder if my Aunt Helena knows any thing of it? Simply through curiosity, I'll ask her." CHAPTER XX VI II. --"FOR EVER AND EVER." Sir Victor sought out Lady Helena when he reached Powyss Place, and. found her unoccupied and alone. Ha threw himself into a chair, and narrated gaily his morning's work at Catheron Royals. Then lie related the episode of his being waylaid by Johnny, and the in terview with "granny." "Oh Martha," Lady Helena said, "yes \--yes! She was at Catheron Royals in her infancy. And what had she to say to you?" "Something to make your blood con geal. I can tell you the most dismal prediction you ever heard. Or, perhaps, you may have heard it?" With his eyes on her ladyship's face, and a smile on his lips, he repeated the rhyme. Lady Helena listened in silence. "Well," lie demanded, "is this new to you, or old?" "Old," was the answer. "I have heard it, read it many a time. It is in a very, old vellum book in the library of Ca theron Royals. You can see it for your self any time you wish." "Indeed! But sureiy--surely you don't believe it?" "I don't know what to believe. I sup pose there may be more tilings in heaven' and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy. The prediction is dated three hundred years ago, and the first part has come true." "A mere coincidence — nothing more." "Perhaps so. If the latter part comes true also, will that be a mere coinci dence as well?" "Aunt Helena! For Heaven's sake, what are you saying?" "I don't want to alarm you," she an swered, quietly. "Remember, it is not I who have told you this. But, since you have heard it, I may own that " "You believe it will be verified; and to be verified it implies Edith's death on hor wedding day." "I can't say what it Implies. I only, know that it makes me uncomfortable when I think of it, and that it will be only fair to Miss Darrell to tell her." "Only fair?" "And give her a chance to avoid the risk, if she wishes it, and if risk there he. You will do as you please; but it sec- ins to me, as it involves her most of all, she should be told." "But, my dear aunt, it is nonsense— it is rubbish— it is a child's foolish rhyme- it Is absolutely ridiculous!" "Then you can both laugh at It to gether, and your duty will have been done. Do as you please, however; she will not hear it from me." There was a long, disagreeable pause. It is impossible to tell how excessively, uncomfortable Sir Victor Catheron felt. "You don't think," he asked, with hesi tation, at length, "that it will influence, that it will startle her— that it will cause her to draw back?" "I do not, indeed. I think it would take much more than this to make her draw back. Miss Darrell is a young lady of uncommon strength of character and hard practical common sense. It will not frighten her In the least, believe me." Lady Helena was right. When, witlf vast hesitation and embarrassment, a few hours later, Sir Victor repeated all this to his betrothed, his betrothed looked in his face and laughed aloud. The summer twilight was falling as they, stood alone together by the window. In a soft white summery dress and rose- colored ribbons, her perfect shoulders and arms sparkling through the gauze, Edith looked a very fair vision. Her tears were long ago dried; the velvet- brown orbs were at their brightest. The die was cast. The man beside her was to be the only man on earth for all time. She would never look back or waver more. She listened now, a sceptical smile on her lips, a sarcastic tone in her voice, an amused light in her eyes. "Are you superstitious. Sir Victor?"- she asked. He colored over his fair Saxon face. "Well, yes, I fear I must plead guilty, to that weakness among many others. I am superstitious; I believe in dreams, and — " "In this doleful prediction?" He half-smiled, and stood silent. "Very well," Edith's clear tones went on. "I am the person most concerned, I suppose; and if you are willing to risk it, I am. I haven't a nerve about me; I don't know what a day's sickness means; I go co sleep the moment my head is on the pillow, I never dream, and my digestion Is unimpaired. In such a ; state of things, I think if the Grey Lady herself appeared to me, she wouldn't discompose me very greatly. I show no symptom of heart disease. The organ, here'"— tapping lightly on her white cors- fCommenced Publication February 1.1 age— "beats all right and regular. I'm not an apoplectic subject — people with yellow complexions and crane necks never are. I slia'n't be attacked with softening of the brain, because that, what I have of it, is already as Bolt as Han well be. We'll risk the prophecy, iir Vic tor, and laugh at it together the ay after our wedding." She held out her hand with a smile. lc caught it to his lips-hiB gloom gone- Joy, love, hope radiant in his face. IV,, -it lie said, need I lcll?--ah, vou know yourself ; but for that day the pre diction was forgotten. n A fortnight later, as June's golden days were drawing to a close, five of Lady Helena's guests departed from Powers Place. One remainedbehlnd. The Kluart family, with the devoted Captain Hammond in Trlxy'a train, went up to l London. Miss Edith Darrell stayed be- j hind. Since the memorable day following the I ball, the bride-elect of Sir Victor Cather- on bad dwelt in a sort of earthly purga- tory— had lived stretched on a sort of | daily rack. "How blessings brighten as I they take their flight?" She had given up Charley— had cast him off— had bar- j tered herself in cold blood for a title and an income. And now that Charley held her at tbe true value, that his love had died a natural death in contempt and scorn, her whole heart, her whole soul. craved with a sick longing that was nue death. It was her daily torture and penance to see him, to speak to him, and note the coii scorn in the tranquil grey eyes. Jealousy had been added to her other torments; he was ever by Lady Gwendoline's side of late— ever at Drexc-1 Court. His father had set his heart upon the match. Her ladyship was graceful and high-bred; it would end in a marriage, no doubt. There were times when she woke from her jealous anger to rile at herself. "What a dog in the manger 1 grow," she said, with a bitter laugh. "I won't have him myself, and I cannot bear that any one else should have him. If he would only go away — If he only would. I cannot endure this much longer." Truly she could not; she was losing flesli and color, waxing wan as a shadow. Sir Victor was full of concern, full of wonder and alarm. Lady Helena said little, but (being a woman) her sharp old eyes saw all. "The sooner my guests go the better," she thought; "the sooner she sees the last of this young man the sooner health and strength will return." Perhaps Charley saw, too — the grey, tranquil eyes were very penetrating. It was he, at all events, who urged the exo dus to London. " Let us see a little London life In the season, governor," he said. " Lady Por tia Hampton and that lot are going. They'll Introduce us to 6ome nice people; so will Hammond. Rustic lanes and haw thorn hedges are all very pretty, but there's a possibility of their palling on depraved New York minds. I pine for stone and mortar, and the fog and smoke of London." Whatever lie may have felt he bore it easily, to ail outward seeming, as the men who feel most deeply do. " Love is of man's life a thing apart," singeth iny Lord Byron, and Lord Byron ought to know. He could not be said to actually avoid her ; but certainly since that af ternoon in the drawingroom they had never been for five seconds alone. Mr Stuart, senior, had agreed with al most feverish eagerness to the proposed change. Life had been very pleasant In Cheshire, with picnics, water parties down the Dee, drives to show places, lawn billiards, and croquet ; but a month of it was enough. Sir Victor was immersed In his building projects and his ladylove —Lady Helena, ever since the coming and going of the lady in black, had not been the same. Powyss Place was a pleasant house; but enough was enough. They were ready to say " Good- bye" and be off to fresh, woods and pastures new." " And, my dear child," said Lady He lena to Edith, when the departure was fixed, " I think you had much beter re main behind." There was an emphasis In her tone, a meaning glance in her eye, that brought the conscious blood to the girl's cheek. Her eyes fell, her lips quivered for an Instant; she made no reply. "Certainly Edith will remain," Sir Victor interposed, impetuously; "as if we could survive down here without her. 'And, of course, Just at present it is im possible for me to leave. They don't need her half a3 much aa we do. Miss Stuart has Hammond, Prince Charley lias Gwendoline Drexel; Edith would only be In the way." "It is settled, then," said Lady Helena, again watching Edith with a curiously intent look; "you remain?" "I will remain," Edith answered, very lowly and without lifting her eyes. "My own idea Ib," went on the young baronet confidentially to his lady-love, "that they are glad to be gone. Some thing seems to he the matter with Stu art pere! — under a cloud rather just at present. Has it struck you, Dlthy?" He had caught the way of calling her >y the pet name Trix and Charley used. She lifted her eyes abstractedly now, as he asked the question. "Mr Stuart? What did you say, Sir Victor? Oh— under a cloud. Well, yes, I have noticed it. I think it is some thing connected with his business in New York. In papa's last letter he alluded to it." (To be continued.) The first newspaper printed by mov able block type was the "Gazette " of Nuremburg, Germany, which was pub lished first in 1457. No copy of this paper is known to exist. 