THE STDRE7 MEAT ?EESEEVIN(J COMPANY. Tbk Sydney Meat Preserving Company possesses the unique distinction of never having, since its formation in 1871, paid a dividend to its share holders, and yet being at the same time one of the most popular business institutions in New South Wales. Its operations are very extensive, as it practically controls the cattle and sheep markets of Sydney, and .through them the markets of the colony. It regulates the prices, absorbs the superfluous stock when a heavy yarding takes place, and prevent* tiio fluctua tions that would seriously hamper trade if left uncontrolled. Komebush, where the sales of stock arc held twice a week, is about a mile away from the works. The company owns 400 acres of land, the preserving works being erected on one corner of Ibu property, snd the remainder used as a depot end resting place for stock purchased at the sale yards. Extensive buildings modelled on a well designed plan have been erected, and every branch of tho work, including slaughtering, cutting up, preserving, ? tinning, boiling down, &c;, is conducted in a manner that insures rapid handling and absolute cleanliness. From its inception the company never had any intention of paying dividends to its shareholders. lie chief object was to regulate the market, and to this end the practice has been to buy up nil the surplus- fat stock from week to week that are more than sufficient to supply the requirements of the city and suburban butchers, preserve them and export the product ia the form of tinned meats, soups, extracts, tallow, Ac. Over 30,000 sheep have been purchased in one week, and frequently as many as 1 0,000 sheep have been bought in one day. When operations on such an extensive scale ore . undertaken the influence which the company exercises en the live stock markets must be Apparent to any one who gives tho subject a moment's consideration. It cfm always prevent the price of stock from falling too low when there is ft glut, while, on tbe other hand, if there is a sotreity, it is only neceeeary to cease baying and tbe Average ler«l is at once regained. Ths company nay {airly claim to be a great national institution, which, although carried on by private enterprise, possesses the stri!ring peculiarity of being a business that is worked with tha object of not making profits. The early history of tho company shows that great difficulties were en countered partly owing to want of capital, for a beginning was made on a smill scale, the paid capital at the j end of 1871 being only £9058. The 1 business continued to he extended, | however, notwithstanding the fact that Anything hxxt g*»ncrons support was given it by stock owners generally, l-ut serious losses sustained prior to 1S9$- caurod U»e company to resolve opon a rourwi of action that has «xer cis«d a niarkrd influence upon the relations betww.ii the grar.i--rs and the i institution. Froiii its inception up to dale mentioned the compauy had been working in the interests ot ft very large and wealthy class from whom they had receive- 1 no quid pro quo in tbe form of preenniary assistance. Stoek owners refrained from taking up 'shares in the company, and this circumstance bo pressed itself on the attention of the auditors that they appended & special recommendation in one of their reports to the effect that tbe company should only operate when sheep and cattle, the property of shareholders were in tbe market for sale. The actual share holders were mostly largo 'stockmen, but they constituted only a small cordon of th* great body of stock owners who were benefitting by the operations of a company which regu lated the price of stock in the Sydney markets, and prevented anything like a collapse of prices occurring when an extra large number of sheep or cittle was penned for sale. Owing to the low prices secured for tinned meats and tallow during the two years prior to 1888 the company had sustained losses amounting to about £13,560, and it was thought that some means of getting compensation from . the stock owners who had benefited by the operations of the company should be devised. Accordingly a circular waa addressed to the graziers aud stock agents of the colony in which the facts of the position were set forth and a proposal made to raise a subsidy through the Sydney and Maitland agents oS J per ecut. on the price realised by all fat sheep mid cattle gold in the Sydney market, the amount collected to be divided by a committee pro ratd amongst all exporters of mutton and beef. Some stock owners objected to paying this subsidy, but, on the whole, a good response was made, and tho company r9ccived its share amounting to £2325 of the sum collected. The following year, that is ia 1890, the subsidy for six mouths only amounted to £2398, On refer enco to the balance sheet for the half year ending 31st December, 1895, we find, that the subsidy is there set down as being £3044 6s. 9d., and about the same sum traa received for the previous half year. The stock owner* who refused to contribute at first have been very glad to fall in with the arrange ment, and they now cheerfully pay their J per cent., recognising that a steady market more than compensates for the tar they we called upon to contribute. ? The paid up capital of the company consists of only £20,316, yet it will bo observed ca referring to the balance djeet for the half year ending Decem ber 1895, that the expeniture in con nectioQ with tho purchase of sheep and cattle amounted to £200,500, thtt tha cost of tin plates, paints, casks, coses, labels and other materials w*s £21,828; that the manager's salary and general wages account was £23,015; that repairs, maintenance and general expenses absorbed over £4217 ; carriage of produce came to £3569; directors' and auditors' fees, secretary's and clerks' salaries, &c;, £1741 10s. ; London agency espenses, £1960, while the total expenditure for the period nampd, including some items not enumerated above, was over £264,300. The receipts frcm all sources, including a subsidy i rota stock owners £3044 6a. 9-i, and a balance carried over from tho previous half year, amounted to £305,430 13s. lid., and the profit and loss account shows a balance at credit of £41,09? 9s. 9d. These figures are large in relation to the paid tip capital of & littls over £20,000, and they constitute the strongest evidence of the excellence of the management. The lend, premises and plant aro valued at £42,677, and there is not a penny owing on them. All tho profits result ing from the operations of tha company are devoted to improving the buildings and plant, and providing for the in crease of business that is annually taking place. The local demand for the preserved meats, dec., is fairly geed, butthe bulk of the produce is exported, and where such large numbers of stocV are being dealt with it will bo easily understood that tho relief to the local market nrast bo very groat. Tenders CNtnjEliiJiD-TAX Asszunture. — Will Mr. Mackay, in his place in the House, obtain information for the public as follows :— (1). The number of portions into which the Burrowa Land District was divided for the purpose of the land tax assessment) (2.) The names of the tenderers for e»oh portion, and the amount of their tenders ? (3.) The names of successful tenderers ; the amount of their tenders ) (4.) Were fresh tenders called for any portion ; if so, why i (5.) Did any person or persons tender for those portions : if so, who i (6.) What were the amounts of their tenders? (7.) Why were no tenders accepted? (8.) The names of the persons tendering on the second occasion ; the amounts of their tenders 7 (9.) The names of success ful tenderers ; the amount of their tendon) Also, the namea of the ten derers for the Municipality land values, and the amounts of their tenders. Thb Wbatheu.— Delightful weather has prevailed during tbe past two weeks — a few mild frosts and frequent -showern and sunshine. A more favourable season for wheat-sowing could hardly be. The crop is now nearly u'l in, there being a considerable increase on last yoar's area. Stock look remarkably well, and pasture ia not ba-l. SeLtcnoNB.— There were no selection! taken up at the Local Land Office on Thursday. Special Cheap Excuksiox— The Rail way Commissioner* announce a special cheap excursion to Sydney, leaving Binalong at L49 p.m., on Friday, the 12th inst, arriving in Sydney at 10.15 p.m., the return fares from Binalong being 28c. Erst-class, and 14s. second class. The tickets will be available for return until the. 2Cth instant, but cannot be extended beyond that date. A similar train will leave Sjdney at 2.26 p.m. on Thursday, the 11th instant, and be due at Binalong about 10.30 p.m. Judicial Akpoinwjekt.— Judge Fitz hardinge hits been appointed to act as a judpe cif the District Courts and chairman of Qunrlcr Sessions within the ?uatb- westoni district, and will preside »t the District Court and CoiTt »f Qjinrtw Sessions appointrd to bo held at Young on the 4th inst., during the absence of Judge Furbes. . Borbowa MmncirAX Council.— The usual fortnightly meeting of (he Borrow* Municipal Council waa held ill tilt Council Chambers on Tuesday crim ing. Present : The Major (Alderman Sterencon), and Aldermen Preston, Rjnn, PattenuD, Hancock, and Thomson. Tha minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was read from Mr. John Preston, intimating that he intended to appeal at tha Municipal Appeal Court, to be held on the 10th inst., against the Maeumente made by the Council on his properties situated in Maraden, Pudman, Jugiong, Ford, and Long street*. It was then pro posml by Alderman Ryan, and seconded by Alderman Haneock, and -carried, that the Mayor (Alderman L Stevenson) be appointed to represent the Council at the Municipal Appeal Court. On the motion of Alderman Preston, aeoon'ded by Alder man Hanoock, the following account* were passed for payment : — O. A. Haine* (contrast, Gunning road, via Dalton to Burrowa), £84 2c ; Oliver OHara (ad vance on contract, Maroden-aireat), £20 ; Theophilos O'Hara (advance on contract, Karrawa road), £24, The Council then adjourned. Kem/u Babohb.— Prioea all tbe year round are a* keen as razors at Wentworth House. Try. PiAico-Toswo.— Mr. 0. McCullock, piano-tuoor, who intended to visH Burrowa about the 28th ult., has been unavoidably delayed in Sydney. He will visit Burrows about the 8th inst. Application Restjsbd. — The under mentioned application for a lease of Crown Lands for a water race has been refused :— W. T. Archer, six heads of water three miles southerly from M'Mahon'i Reef Putt QOce. Bcrkowa. Pastoral add AoBicoxtUBAL Show. — The annual ahuw of this Associa tion will beld on the 11th and 12 Lh Sentamber next. Prpsa v. Base or Nbw South Walks. —On the application of Mr. C. U. Stephen, who appeared tot defendant bank (appellant), leave was giveu to appeal to the Privy Council against the , reoent decision of tho Court. Mr. Rolin appeared for plaintiff, to consent on the usuftl terms. Public Instruction Defabt^bht. — A saving 61 £37,000 yearly will be effected in the reorganisation of the Department of Public Instruction by the Public Service Board. The b.ulk of ths saving cornea upon the teaching staff; but there are betweeD 4000 and 6000 teachers in the department, and the new grade of salaries will not effect the majority. No reduc tions have been made in the oase of those receiving under £200 a year ; but the salaries of teachers in Classes L to VL Inclusive have been re-arranged upon a scale which may be briefly explained by caving that the highest salary for a principal male teacher (married) will lit £422, and the lowest among the altered rates (i.e., in tbe Bixth class) will be for an unmarried principal male teacher, who will receive £195 per annum. In every oase where quarters are provided by the GoTernment a reduction will be made from Ihe fixed salary according to a valua tion arrived at and determined by the board. Teaches in tho seventh, eight, nineth, and tenth grades of schools have not bien interfered with, and, taken right through, toe board find that tbe revised remuneration for teaobers in this colony will be on a higher scale to that obtaining in Victoria, which is the only colony in which tbe system and its condi tions are in any way comparable with ours. Setting Aside a Transfer. — The matter of Thomas Oaffiu, of Stockyard Creek, farmer, eiparte the Official Assignee, Albert Ernest Gaffiu respondent, waa before the Judge in Bankruptcy, on a motion to set aside e transfer made between the bankrupt and the respondent, who is his son, of 180 acres, in the county of Clarence, parish of Copmanhurat. An order wu also atked lor declaring that the Official Assignee was entitled tp certain assets and effect!; consisting of household furniture, poultry, hones, and bullocks, ellegod to havo been eold by the bankrupt to respondent in October, 1804, ted April, 1895. A furthsr order was sougtt directing the respondent to pa; the value of cuch goods, credits, and effects. Mr. Gordon appeared for the Official Assignee ; there was no appearance on behalf of the respondent. Xiridencx was given to the effect that the transfer had been made ' in cousiderction of the sun: of 10b., and Jove tnd. affection.' Hi? Donor made the. order at *;V-)d. Cosab. — The Gr9ftt Cobar Copps* Mine has during ths last few months made three greit vestures. Abcot £60CC rrzi expended in illunun.itlng t!'« nine with tho electric light ; then within tho hut fet? weeks they decided to eend tho or* to LigtbgCT for rcfin^nent ; an;} notr the company is erecting poppet- heads over one of its-old shafts, with the intention of raising ctone from trro ih^-te for tho future. It ia oipectei that the m.Bcbinerf will bs working within a month. This will mean that sn additional number of men will have to be put en to work tha second shaft, both bslow and ^bove. There are hundreds of meji in tbe towc waiting employment. There will bs e saving of fully £30 per day by sending the ore to Lithgow, And it is expected that better results will be obtained from coal than from T7ood. Wtauwc— Cntrajong and White Beef companies have cleaned up at Cough's No. 2 battery. The -former from 50 tons of second: obtained 67-£., and the latter 32 ton* raised from the 60ft. level for 80oi At ths alluvial find In the vicinity of Billy's Lookout tho clsitns between the proKpeetor'a and So. 7 have bottomed on duffer;. A good deal of prospecting its going on, mostly by miners trom Wyalong, and tho ground will be thoroughly proved, ?a' substantial hots are being erected for the winter months. A rush at' present (a inadvisable. Thb Valuation of Land for Taxa tion.— Mr. Affleck, HP., has had ta interview with Mr. Spiller wilh referenea to the returns for land ruination for tafca tion purposes being made public Mr. Spille? promised that as aocn aa the value* were in he wou'd have tnapi j-iiM!«he4 showing the quantities of land, and the owners' names, and vetoes for taxation purposes, bo thp.t anyuns knowing taad to bo undervalued cou:d have the satae brought under tha notice of the com- c.kaioccrs, trho may then deal with the case. Mr. A Sack mentions the case of bud-owners in one district ctabbicg to gether to return tbe value of their land at 16s. , ft considerable portion of such land being leased to tenants at from Cs. to 12s , the tenants tu erect a six wire fence, and to leave the same on tha property at tbe expiry of the lease. . The wife of 'a publican named King bad * narrow csespe on Sunday night She was ill, and her husband put' » warm brick in the bod. Soon after th« bodding was found to be on fire, Mrs. King being discovered in a statr nf ctaryv. Detective A. Kirby, charged with obtaining a large turn of money by threatening to accuse a certain person of a crime committed 14 years ago, and for whos-) arrest a reward of £200 was offered by the New Z aland Government, was arrested un board the steamer Tarawcra, on Wednesday. Mcssbs. F. Laasbtme ft Co.— The oldest established business in Autn.ua and one of tbe best conducted, advertise in another column that they supply all classes of (roods required by country residents. Everthing can be obtained from this firm that anyone out possibly require. All cissies of agricultural machinery, hardware, crockery, electro plated goods, satiety, guns, clothing, stationery, groceries, wines, ales, spirits, tobaccos, sugars, and every class of station supplies from the best nooses »te stocked by them. Attention ia dir.-cted in the advertisement -to the fact that tbe Gm, contrary to the practice of most business houses, wiUczohspg* without charge any article which may prove unsatisfactory to the purchaser. Messrs. Lsssetter and 6o. pride themselves upon, their prompt ness in fulfilling orders, aud the ex ceptional care displayed by tbeir em ployees in packing all goods sent by rail or sea. They claim that as they purchase direct from the manufacturers they cave all intermediate profits, and can supply goods cheaper than any other Sydney honse. THE BULGANDRA SUICIDE.— Carl Ebel, who committed suicide at Bulgandra, in the Albury district, by hanging himself on Thursday last, has been fully identified as being the man who, 25 years ago, was sentenced to death at Albury on a charge of attempting to poison a number of people. The death sentence was com- muted to imprisonment for life, and Ebel was discharged from prison after serving 20 years. The crime was possessed of some diabolical features. Ebel resided in the Gerogery district, and placed a quantity of strychnine in several gallons of wine, which were to be used at a social party. Ebel's purpose was to poison his wife, who was a guest at the patty. It was proved that but for a miscalcula- tion as to the dose of strychnine being placed in the wine, the large number of people who partook of it would have been poisoned. The death sentence would have been carried out but the Executive took the view that, as no deaths had resulted, the crime did not demand the man's execution. Since his discharge from gaol, Ebel had been working at Bulgandra as a bootmaker. Selwho Indecent Pictures. — At the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions, Francis Henry Greens, who pleaded guilty to & charge of selling obscene pictures, was brought up for sentence. The accused, who at one time carried on business in Pitt-ntreet as a stockbroker, was a . well known figure about town, and was generally known as ' Baby ' Oreeu, pro baby from the fact that he was anything bntsbftby so far as'sizr wa« concerned. Several witnesses were called as to character. His Honor (Judge Docker) in passing sentence, staged that it was only, wasting the time of the court to call witnesses as to character, and he could not understand anyone having anytbiug to do with the accused after the dis closures which had been made. The pictures which had been seized were most disgusting, and had a tendency to corrupt the morals of those who had them in their possession. If the Act allowed him he would be inclined to order a flogging, but it did not. He ordered the pictures to be destroyed and sentenced the accused to three months' hard labor. Closing with a ' Ghost. —At the Adelaide Police Court, on Thursday, ft man named A. Tiudd was charged with unlawfully disguising himself with a piece of white cloth, and was therefore deemed to be idle aud disorderly. On tho night of May 6 Thomas Meddal was on his way home, wheu he noticed a figure in white emerging from tha Wesleyan Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, 'Thomas Meddal, I claim you.' He answered, ' Take me then,' and. struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost 'closed' with him, and in the scuffle the sheet was disarranged, and Meddal identified Eudd. The defendant was fined 10s. and costs— SA 5s. in all. DEATH OF MAJOR HILL. — The City Coroner held a magisterial inquiry at 38 Waverley-road, Woollahra, concerning the death of James Hill, which took place on Saturday. It was stated that deceased was 67 years of age. He was subject to epileptic fits, as the result of a sunstroke he had received some years ago. On Saturday last he was descending the stairs at his residence in Waverley, having left his bedroom, in order to go into the dining-room, when he fell down the stairway and received an injury to his spine. The deceased has left a widow and family. A finding of accidental death was recorded. DEATH OF MRS. ORRIDGE. — Mrs. Orridge, widow of the late Mr. J. W. Orridge, Superintendent of Police for the southern district, took place at her resi- dence, Ocean-street, Woollahra, on Monday morning. A short time since Mrs. Orridge's eldest son had a severe attack of typhoid fever, and she nursed him through his illness. On his recovery, Mrs. Orridge became ill, and never recovered good health. She was forty- four years of age, and has left a family of four. She was the daughter of the late Mr. H. Gordon, of Manar, and sister of Mr. James Gordon, of Young. The Rev. George Daniel, the well- known Wesleyan minister, was found dead in a railway carriage at North Preston (Melbourne). Deceased was 73 years of age, and had been prominently connected with mission work in the South Seas for 50 years. He was an ex-president of the Wesleyan Conference. Mr. Daniel leaves a widow, two sons, and a daughter. A post-mortem examination of his body showed that death was due to suffocation, a piece of meat being found stuck in his throat. Tlie Victorian Customs authorities on May 5 mcde/i zeburs of 18 bssd of cattle belonging to Messrs. M'Sonild and' Msram, of Albury end Wodongs rerpeo M?cly, en tbe ground . thct thej were ic'.rsdcesd into the tnizny without pay Kent cf duty. Cn Monday it ttss cue pepird that cc ettempt vosld be made tc emu cettie ofcr the liter during tha night. On Tuesday morning 23'Dcnt!d hid S3 buUocfea ptrsed tf tfco \7odcsga biid-a. After receiving ' the duty, tbe ciock inspector rode up the river, -^d about four miles above Wodorga fonsd'18 cam ?nd bullocka bearing the c?tae breed as those which had crossed the. bri-^e. After stopping theenttleheeonmubicfetsd with the local collector of Castes^, 'who had an interrietr with Mecars. M'Do&eld; ted Msrum, with the result that the cattle were acknowledged to be ec.i.tn band. The owners having expressed tbeir willingness to have the ease dealt with .by the department, the payment of a fine of £73 has been ordered, in addition to duty amounting to £27. The newspaper* or* unanimous in praising the Australian cricket n for their defeat of the Yorksaira Eleven, and in recognising the-grert bowling strength of the Australians. Amy Morgan, aged 12 years, daughter of Mr. J. W. Morgan, died at Gunning from inflammation of the bowels brought on by eating raw turnips. Ths Brut Miw-wrMt Kwo*i» is Cole m»ue and Son's Eoealypte Extract. It caimot be beat for Coughs, Colds, Influenza, etc. Beware of Imitations. To be obtained at the Burrowa News Book and Stationery Shop. 