THE MELBOURNE CUP. A BLACK PROPHET’S TIP. WHICH “CAME OFF.” THE WORSHIP OF “THE FLEMINGTON GOD." Upon the summit of a gently sloping hill lay ranged around a smouldering fire a number of aboriginals in various attitudes— curled up knee to chin, sprawling with legs and arms awry, lying face down with heads pillowed on arms - attitudes reposeful, grace- ful and grotesque. Though the sun had long since risen above the tops of the trees and scrub which fringed the tortuous river to the south east, the only living thing awake about the natives’ camp were several half- wild thievish looking curs. The place was evidently a favourite camping ground for the dusky lords of the soil. As well as the distant river to the south- east there ran a similar stream close by around the western base of the hill and thence along the edge of the shallow grassy basin below till it junctioned with the other river, whence the blending waters found their way to the sea beyond. The hill served as an excellent look-out so necessary under ravage conditions of life, and game abounded In the vicinity, as evidenced by the casual glimpse of a kangaroo or emu on the basin floor below and the flocks of wild duck and swan which in parts darkened the silver waters of the western river. Amongst the sprawling, slumbering mem- bers of the group one huge male figure was very conspicuous. Even as he lay full length before the smouldering embers be looked every inch the chief he really was. He was in truth the Hercules of his tribe, and as such combinations of bone and muscle must be in a barbarous state, the absolute lord and master of all round. Even in sleep his power asserted itself, as shown by the fact that he occupied the best spot near the fire, and all the other members of the tribe lay at a respectful distance from him lest his brawny arms might chastise their presump- tuous familiarity in his dreams. Upon the boughs of a neighboring tree hung several opossums and portion of a kangaroo, while around the camp wore strewn feathers and bones of all colors and sizes, from the latter of which some of the half- starved curs were fruitlessly trying to gnaw a little nourishment. This was apparently a land of abundance, and the tribe had doubtless supped well the previous nlght, judging by the numerous remains of the feast. Gradually one by one the blacks awoke, but their chief slept on. His slumber, however, seemed troubled and uneasy. Perhaps his overnight meal of half raw kangaroo weighed heavily upon his digestive organs. Perhaps that opossum was not as young as it might have been. Perhaps the story he had heard the day before from a wandering member of his tribe, that some strange white men had been soon far down on the “big water,” in a great canoe was fermenting in his usually sluggish brain, but as he slept he saw rise on the edge of the plain below great mia-mias, the largest of which would have sheltered all the black men be had ever seen. Then right round the edge of the basin floor two fences ran, and between them stretched a long circular strip of turf. The emu and kangaroo bad vanished, and on the waters of the neighboring river the wild duck and swan were seen no more. Looking right across the flat where he had so often stalked the emu or snared the kangaroo he saw far beyond an immense muster of great wurleys built of red clay, from the tops of which rose clouds of smoke - greater than he had ever seen at any camp fire—which filled the air as though the bush was aflame on the fiercest day of summer. Then he heard a dull murmuring sound, and a heavy rumbling as though all the waters of all the rivers he had ever seen - and he had been to Jan Jue in the west, and Jeka Jeka in the north - were gathered together and were rushing down towards that plain. Then ap- peared at first in thin streams as the water trickles from pool to pool in the Merri Merri when the sun is hottest, some of those white people of whom he had heard. Gradually the streams grew broader and broader until they met and spread far and wide over the bottom of the great basin below. They came in swarms as the wild ducks came to the lakes of the plain near the setting sun. They filled the great mia mias, and spreading upward, covered the hill where he stood. They came as his tribe would come, but in their feet of leather. They came in long crawling things like huge snakes, with the heads of monsters vomiting fire and smoke - more terrible than any of the ghosts or devils which had ever roamed through the bush—they came in things like great land canoes covered with ornaments brighter, than the string of kangaroo teeth, which ringed the forehead of his favorite gin or the yellow shining stuff which the Yarraworka tribe sent him for his last wedding gift. From every quarter those white people came thicker than the swarms of Ko-ning- chteri noisy gnats over the western swamp when the summer sun has gone to his rest for the night. Soon be found himself wandering amongst that immense mass of people listening to their talk until suddenly he met a white headed old black fellow almost bent double, but who must from hie giant form once have been a great chief. He was dressed like the white people, but on his breast he bore something shining like a shield, but much smaller. He took the chieftain by the hand and led him along the edge of the hill, where the white men swarmed like flies around a dead dingo in summer time. He led him to what in his mixed white man’s talk be called “one big fellow bloomin’ booth.” Then his aged friend polled out a little shining thing which he said was “one little beggar sixpence," and asked for “two big fellow long 'uns." The white man shook his head, but then said, “Poor old blokies. I’ll chance it,” and placed before them two glasses full of yellow water. Tho old man drank his in two gulphs with a broad grin on his face, and the young chieftain sipped his carefully. He found it sweeter than rockwater after two days thirst when the birds fly only in the shade. After he had finished drinking every- thing seemed to grow brighter than he had ever before seen it. Before he drank he had wondered at the way so many men around him shouted and waved their arms at each other, as did the tribes when they met with boomerang and spear in fight or friendly games. Now the noise seemed to grow louder, and the arms and bands to move faster. The chieftain's eyes sparkled, his heart beat faster, and he wished to join the great throng and laugh and shout and wave his arms with them. Then his hoary-beaded old friend, who appeared to know everything and everybody, led him down into the plain below, where the mai-mia’s stood, and his eyes were almost dazzled with the beautiful dresses of the white gins, more beauti- ful to him than Kooriekirra - a - a - ya —a—dya—all the colors of the rainbow. They all looked kindly at him and his old friend, and some of the mob with them shook hands and gave them shining little bits of white metal which his aged guide told him would buy more yellow water - which he called “beer” - whereat his heart so full before now quite overflowed with joy. Then the old man led him through a gate to where what he called “the big mob yarraman” were being rubbed and brushed and cleaned until the chieftain could almost see his face in their skins, and the people crowded round them as it they were gods or devils, and the chieftain believed they really wore, as sometimes in their anger they bounded high in the air, and scattering their worshippers as a dingo scat- tered a mob of wallaby, then snorted and lashed out on every side, fire shooting out from, their eyes and foam from their mouths. The chief felt frightened, but was relieved when bo found that the medicine man with those fierce gods calmed their anger by coaxing and gently rubbing them. Then his guide said, “ Mine bin think him plenty stiffens here,” but he could not understand what the words meant, but was assured that he would soon know, if he put “much yellow stuff on.” Then with quite a swaggering air his dark mate edged his way into what he called the ring, where hundreds of men were continually shouting, and turning to a little man with a big nose and eyes, like the hawk kerrek-i, he said, “Mine bin think Rosella deadbird. What price him?” “Lor* bli me,” replied the little man with the big nose and the eyes like the hawk kerrek-i, “I don’t lay the odds to a bleedin’ black bloke like you - not me!” Then with a touch of compunction even in his strident voice he added, “You're not a bad old sort for a bloomiin' king, so I’ll lay you a quid to nothin' about her. There’s my ticket, Bunny Isaacs.” “Lor’ bli me!" repeated the dusky monarch, much pleased, "him big fellow quid"; go.sit down longee upper stand see him Cup.” Wondering what it all meant, but pleased though bewildered by the many strange sights and sounds around him, the chief followed his companion to what the latter called the "big beggar upper stand." There the former saw on the turf between the rails "plenty big mob of yarraman,” with little white men on them, dressed in shining coats, more brilliant than any colors he had ever seen on the clouds when the sun was sinking behind the “old man” plains. Then for an instant everybody was silent, and as he was about to ask why, his old friend whispered "kollibush." Then the yarraman bounded away faster than the kangaroo with a pack of hungry dingoes behind, and then arose a roar, “They’re off,” and straining eyes watched the moving mass of glittering color around the circle. The sound of voices seemed to follow it in waves from point to point sinking now to a hoarse restless murmer, like the whispering of the wind over the spinifex, and then swelling suddenly to a roar, as the water rises and dances over Kuldrie, the great salt lake. As the wild-rushing yarraman turned into the velvet stretch of turf towards them the roar increased, and the chieftain warwhoop sounded clear and ringing above the great volume of monotone voices. The old grey-headed king was also as excited as though again at the head of a corroboree when the horses dashed past the winning post, but after the race was over and the chieftain was asking what it all meant he could only gurgle, ‘Lor’ bli me —mine bin bleedin' quid - all yabba yabba, man - come alongee big fellow beer.” Then they went again to another place and had more yellow water, and after the chief had drunk it fire seemed to run through him, and he wanted to shout and dance and fight all the white men. But he suddenly felt himself gripped - - in hands of stronger than strongest kangaroo skin, and a voice exclaimed, “Begorra Pat y I think we’d better let the poor fellow have a free ride in Black Maria.” He struggled hard, but in vain, and then shouted for aid to the old king, but the latter and everything else gradually began to dis- appear as the smoke disappears through the tree tops, and he heard the old man's voice saying in the distance, "l am the ghost of your future life. Before the sun seeks his camping place, and before night’s star Kow wab rises, the white men will come to you, from the great salt lake, and spread around, you like Konta its waves. I hear them crush the yedede with their feet. No more shall our women gather the food-seed of Warran- gaba. High above my head soars the hawk kerrek-i, laughing as he smells the slaughter. No more shall the emu seek the Nun- yakaroo for its young ones. Both the yeraga and galga will disappear from the land. What does tounka, the crayfish whisper in the waters of palieu ? Why does mollah, the crab, kow-wah, come hero? Kow wah come hither.” Then the voice died away. Everything else vanished. With one mighty effort the chieftain fought to free him- self—he braced his muscles, be set his teeth, he strained with all the strength of brain and sinew, and with a great bound awoke. He awoke to find his best gin wasting her time polishing her pair of kangaroo teeth instead of getting breakfast, and to find one of his handsomest young braves getting too close to her, scraping an emu's leg bone for a spear point. Picking up the thigh bone of a kangaroo he belted his lady over the head with it for her indolence and kicked the too attentive brave half way down the hill. As he did so a coo-ee rang up from the plain and looking towards the ti-tree fringed river he saw with a strange shudder of uneasiness, if not fear, a little band of white men rising up from the river with the mists of the morning, and amongst them "one big yarra- man” - white as the bed of a dry salt lake when the sun is rising above the ti-tree. He marvelled much at the white men, but he feared that big white yarraman as either devil or god and in dread and tremb- ling he fell on his knees and prayed that if it would but spare him and his tribe, he would give to it that hill and river and all the hunting ground below for ever and ever, and then that yarraman seeing the figures on the hill above and thinking that where men were some of his kin would also be, raised his voice in a clear, ringing neigh. At this reply to his prayer the Chieftain bounded up with delight and told the glad news to his tribe of how the hill and all around was henceforth to be devoted as a shrine for the worship of the strange new god - the great god—the live god—the god of the white people who would come there In swarms to bow down to that god. - THE HORSE 