A Terrible Night. ' They say old Prestwick was buried alive'. ' Buried alive ! ' exclaimed Ned Doulten, in horror. ' Perhaps a£b,'r nl',- t.V.e . chddrcn werOi wrong,'. , said Keateveo,, after a pause. r r I', i 'u'a' \ f ?' But ? suielv-.i.vou .- .sbi-uldiikiiow. Surely you should have f«uid .ont-.fori certain. I don't mean you particularly , Tom ; I mean everybody inthe parish.' Then Keateven made a pronoaal that they should 'for n a ptirty, proceed to tho churchyard, and open old Prest wiclc's grave. Starting ns this was, Doulton eagerly agreed to it. He would have set about it instantly, and was with tho greatest difficulty per suaded to wait and get something to -a-, for lie had just returned from a long and. tiring journey.' Butin.order^ that no lime should be lost, it was ai r nged'between them 'that* Ttesteven was to collect a party, with all pos i sible speed, and when ready with picks and spades, was to call at tho Farm on the way (o tho churchyard. The farm had been left to Ned Doulton by his uncle. . It consisted of the house and about 100 acres of land, out of which he managed to make a comfortable living. Except tor the deaf old woman who attended to his wants, lie dwelt entirely alone. Half-an-hour passed by, and yet Keattven did not return. Doulton who li.id been fidgeting about for some, time could restrain his impatience to longer. Ho caught up his hat, and s rode through the little front garden to the wicket-gate. It was a still, frosty night, the sky s' lidded Willi big stars, and the new moon just rising. lntently though Doult n listened, ho i ould' not hear anything like an approaching, footstep. He felt com pel ed to jdo, something, so he ran back indoors and fetei ed a pick. ?lust ns nc rencneu i-ue gaue again, u vnung man with a spade ever his shoul der leaped over a sule a short distance aloag the roa I. ' Is that you,, Tom ? ' shouted Doul ton. ' What a tune you've been, man ! Whit! it's you, Murphy, is it ? Where is Tom Kesti vrn ? ' Murphy who was short and fat, was blowing us if he had been running for his life, i . ? , . ''Jon won't be long afrer us,' he panted. . ' He said - wo were to go on ahead.' ' Como oii^'tl'cn/vs a 1 Doulton, and snd st ode on at such a pace that his companion could hardlv keep up with him. - '-What's hindering Tom ?' he asked presently. 'He's getttng the lads together,' waR the ans.ver ??/-: The road, sloping 'gradually up wards, skirted a. broad, valley. Trees interlaced overhoad, hilt the two gained ,i the higher ground beyond. . ' Oan .it be. true, do. you think ?'. de manded Doulton. ' 1 heard the sounds myself.' - ' You did ! . then,'1 -cried- Doulton, ? ' you deserve, to : lie. where he is lying now.' A .1 1 , n A 1 mm Aist nn . VI tv 1 lirt Q f*.H n n ill IIU'I 1LO itiUIUOU XUll U UI1U LIVV.V|1 i'li* on which stood the church. Murphy had all1 along shown a de position to lag behind. - It grew move manifest an the? approached then destination. He - kept begging Doul- ton to moderate his speed, but was answer-d. sometimes roughly and some times not at all. ... ' We shall be there before Tom \- overtakes us,' lie said. ... 'What of that?' demandsd Doul- ton. ' Wo can begin without him. It may be a; matter of moments.' 'But the ground .is: frozen, ,; We. can't do / anything good, by ourselves.' Doulton turned round and stared at him. ? ' Whv, man, youlre not afraid, are yoH . lie. said . angrily..^. ' It, sounds as if/you; were!' iWi r ;.?»», -t .s The valley was tilled with a dense; grey mist 1 ko some broad sheet of restless water, and here and there thro^h it peered the tops of the trees. In the distance was a range of mountains, a jaggea line agniusb luu 1 starry sky.1 i Intho -foreground, crowd-.; ing the summit' of -a- bleak1 hill, rcse tho church. - ?-» '. j... In consequence of the mist ovorj \- thiug had-- a ijtyeir.l i , unreal look, It ?' would have been' easy to imagine a ghost walking among those' spectral , tombstones. ? -j ?; ? i,.. , ?/- .-*? In spite of Doulton's resolute bear W'ing he could not help shivering. f. I can! b see any sign, of Tom and the / , others,' said he. ; ' Nor can I,' saul Murphy. But instead : ol loolc ng - back along the road by which tho party mu»t comp, he let1 his : eyas roam, uneasily round the churchyard. ' It is t strange,' muttered Doulton, ' Tom is not usually ? a coward, yet this looks very much like it. Where was Preawick buried ?' : - I uornot 'sure.' i ; , 'Then we must find out afonee,' ? said Doulton,' and1 made for, -the newer nuitt twfi a /«Vi tiw/tlv nn JJCTILVA. UIJU VUWibUJtUU, ? ? r w.. the lower ground — on the slope of the .... lnll.-\ t..y; But on the way ho was struck by the nttitudo of the sheep. ' What can hayo frightened them?' he asked. ? . , , ' Maybe they've heard something,' suggested Murphy. ? The mere possibility was enough to thrill Doulton with' horror. He stood for a .moment holpless;; thon sprang forward and tore along at such a rate that his companion was left, far behind. ? ? i When Murphy arrived ' he ? found ? '''Doulton standing- between two graves ? which were evidently new. . For. the grass around was sprink.ed with yellow . ? turf, and the sods which had been placed upon the mounds did not com pletely cover tUeia— there were gaps is--, . between. The question was : jvhicli of those two graves was the right one p In a hoarse whisper Doulton put it to Murphy. / '}- j ' v ! ' This one,' was -the ready answer. ':I..remember„it.now.' ; I 'Doulton baut down his; head to lis ten. | -V-'j , i c Do yoVliGar 'anything1?' lie a^cpd in the same hoarse whisper. ' Ili.st man ! Stand still, can'.t v.ou.p.'. . I Suddenly every particle of colour fled from fhisiface. For ajdull soun.l bf-' khbcking, .corning ifroin'. somewhe ,e beneath the earth, fell upon his ears. Thud — thud — thud ! He heard it m st distinctly in the stillness ot the night, and each thud smmo like a blow liom an iron hand, so that he. tittered, .111,1 but 'for a 'tremendous effort1 ot the will would have fillen. -The round ? ceased. But Murphv, with a loud yell, took to Ills hoels and mid1 tor the, ate. Che sight of his companion rot: eat ing with the spade, tho only one thi y had between them, l-ousod . Doulton to activity. He dropped 'his pick an 1 ran after Murphy, his long legs eai ry ing him over 'the- graves at a ternfio speed. As they need throug 1 the night, strange sounds sooniod to conic from different parts of tho churcliyaid, sounds which certainly wooll hivj 1 11 - crossed tho yo ing f.u' ner's alunn 11 ad he rot been so nbsoib^d in t' e puisuit. ? The shorter and stouter man tin I nn chance against htm. Kaid though Murphy ran, lie was 1O011 overtake 1. A I.... m t,«.w1 eni xirl llllll ItV I llf) - viv.ii ' lar and violently a-reatcd his llnrht, while an angsy voice shout d at In n every manner of oppvobi.ous eiutiio . The next moment ho was tn-ing dr igg.nl back towards the spot winch lie had so hastily left. ' , - ? 'Let me alone,1 lie gasped; I'm choking. I'll come by myself. Hands off Ned, I say.' But Doulton cried: 'You would have'lefc'me without as much a«a spade You anc as bad as the rest, Ivesteven and the cowards with linn. I ou are wor»e, tor y 011 heaid the f-nnnkinu. But vou shall h.lp. 3 Le may! bo dead now.' And at the thought lie tore along faster than ever, dragging Mu-phy witli him. It was not until they again stoort bv the side oE the grave thai, lie 'o--scd his grasp- Then he bent Ins head over a | mound, and in an awed vjue said : I ? Listen !' There tlily were again — the same dull, dead sounds. Thud — thud — thud An expression of unspeakable lelief lighted up Doulton's rugged Face. He caught up h.s pick, swung if 011 high, and then brought it down with all his might. Again, and again, and again he repeated the action. '] he sail, though hard on top, was solt enough | below ; he displaced the frozen tui-F, and plying his pick with extraordinary onergv, soon raised too mound to the level of the grass around. 'Quick with vour spade, man,' lie cried to Murpny. uoii u bcauu there.' But' Murphy never starred. Doulton hewed on, the pe.spnatinn | streaming down his face as he worked. T)._i. « -.,,,1 '1 An 4-lws inn!.- mac 'llU'ftafdfl 1 .DUlf UL .0. SUUVICU llic pi-Wfc VVMO I in mid-air. For there came a startling sound from tho earth close by. The next moment the neighbouring mound burst open, tho sods which had cover ed it (lying about on all sides, vylule in tho mist apoeured a figure clad in white, sitting, as it seemed, iu a shallow grave. Doulton's jaw dropped, and ho stared giassy-eyea. rno pica, icu i from lus trembling hands, crashing down uooii the apparition. He could only watch, unable to stir hand or foot. He stood like a statue curved out of stone, motioulesB even when that sham cry oE agony died awav. And now from all parts of the church yard shadowy figures leaping over the wall, came hurrying through the deep ening mist, hounding and shouting like maniacs. The sheep, terrified by this -new invasion, broke awav lroin their distant corner, and rran as it tlu-y were possessed; making tor a gup in tho wall, through which they shot in a mass ; then away down tho lull until the sea of mist. 111 the valley swallowed tliem up ; .. The advancing figures were young farmers1 and .others' belonging to the neighbourhood all of them in high glee, lor this was a high joke they had nln.vml iinnn Kt.noid old Ned Doulton. It li ad : been suggested .by To .1 Kes-J 'teven. At his . instigation tliev had placed lnra in , so long cotfin-liko box, | fpertorateu so 'that he should no diffi- 1 culty 111 breatmng ; tliey had laid the box 111 the chnrelivard and had partly covered it with sods. The victim of this sorry joke was to he Ned Doul ton, whose morbid horror ot being ^buried alive was well ' known. It was m. Mil r- iliio fn/if fli-i^t onivrrnufod ulll^ pavbij u»*«« idea, and partly tho report that Pies wiekj'aii old man . who had been buried that morning,' was not- actually dead. So while ;Murphy was* sent to ;fetch Doulton, his fellow-conspirators made their grim- preparations, and now, shouting? their, daughter, they caine hurrying to witness the result. The siglvt oE Doulton's ? rigid atti tude chillot) them a little. Next, as they clustered round thev looked at Kesfceven and^-percoived- 1 hat he was. lying on his side beneath the heavy pick. Thon, as af one; impulse inovod them all,' their.- gaze .? w is turaod upon I Murphy's face, far winter thau mist I and rnojn could have mvde it, and the horroiythat they -saw, 1n.1t rw.as unmedi.,| at-ly ireflected iinii a theirs own face-'.' They we're silpot Inow and . motionles i also, 1; k ^ t 1^1 Hnl, rvr iornt.1 o rmn nf tln-vm alaainjUrjd ' What's up, Tom, lad (' 1 tm. Tom Kosteven made no ansvv.-i. .Tliey turneds/hun 'over, still in the white sheet ln^whioli. tUey had.,wrap». ped him, and fqund .vthat..ho waa dead., The pick had .brokeujJussskttlV. If], iv A dull sound came from tho earth beneath their feet. The old sexton was at this moment toiling up the hill; Living down in tiie valley he had seen' the sheep g ?? past, and hid come to find out what had frightened them. :He .joined ..the. group and - became a-.wil nwwu.itopitho' weird scone which., ho could not under-, stand. Rut before much explanation sknnlrl lia rrifAM tn lii in film namn dull 'sound was repeated. Instantly ho caught its significance. ' Then it was true ! Mio criei'. Oldv Preswiek was not 'dead. Ho is alive now. Quick lad', for v uir lives ! ' Many spades wore soon lorllicoming. and were hein 1 plied with might and main. But all was too lat'. Old Re wick was 'certainly ,dt adi when the, cof fin was opened,' though therc.were un mistakable signs that ho had very r.— cently been alivo.' This horror at len-t was spared from poor Doulton Ru be nevor know it ; he d'ed in an asy lum. 