SEDITION. HER MOST GRASHUS LI BELLED IN SYDNEY. A DISLOYAL JOEY DIS CHARGED. Astrology has gone out of date Bince the world became too old to have any aerioos belief in anything — not excepting science. Were things otherwise newspaper men wonld nrobablv have been warned thit their evil star was in the as cendant. Jnst at the present time it is prudence for newspaper pro prietors to issue advertising sheets and gazetteer notices of the mar kets and current events. The list of newspapers that have had to toe the mark recently is growing bulky, including : — Melbourne : ArQCB, Aob, Chimfio*, Boomerang (the latter was wiped ont), and Punch. Sydney : TiLEGiurH, Etekino News, and Aubtbilun Sub. Tas mania asserts her conservatism thuly :— The Clipper, Dailt Tele graph and Zeihar Heeald prose cntioDB. New South Wales tops the list by prosecuting The Truth on tho old worn ont Tory charge of sedi tion. The majesty of her most grashus Mrs. Wettin has thereby beea considerably asserted, doubt less (o the joyouH satisfaction of grovellers who hang round Go vernment Hou*e. Tbe alleged de linquents chosen for prosecution were Andrew Thompson, Hugh Henry Roberts, aud John Norton. Tbe latter seditious conspirator confessed to having written that literary garbage which appears to have shaken up the bilo of the Sydney Tories, if not endangering the stability of the Throne. At the Water Police Court, October 4, the case came on for hearing and rnsulted in tbn committal for trial of the three prisoners, bail being allowed. ' Tne information rend contained several type ? written foliol of extracts from Trvth of September 37. The following are portions of the articles : — ' God save the Queen ! Yes ; God save the Queen ! But what. Queen P The (l.Mman woman of Guolphio brr-rd who Bits on the throne of Entjlinii, it is to be presumed. If so, wall and good. We, too, say God Bare the Queen, also the Queen's n-asherw .man ? In t.eae degenerate dnys of politic*! apoBiasy Mini slavish sycophancy -t if, the ciiief pastime of very nicest .if tbe n;i6ii!y n.ceand nicely nasty p O|-le who lilory iu the faot that the i aud their coQutrymen were ;ule.i 60 sears ago by aniliy suivul lin,.' trir! of 16, and to-day by as»mi senile wora-in of nver 70 It is in iiie:i- e e- a social offence and a |i liticil ciime to h.s;tate to -:t. vei ot ' he. loot of ih« throne or t.; r Ui-t to link the duxi oF ihe ? i-f! ..I n !he t-\o biy toes of tljr .:?.(!. y-tigii eJ, ^ulk? - f.iceii lime Germ D-Romin. . . . But seri ously, b for*! our worship can be c, « med foi t-i is flabtiy fl-t and ?'?!? ?? ?:? (in!,;-.,' .- '.II .? 'd HI1 ?-?;?? .. i- ? ? !,e ? - i.--!; h.« I'u. .-I AtjjttiGrfcorgMi, f;et Aujju- Jinni) it pot Englishmen, (who are for ever yelling that they1 mil never, never' be slaves) have * right to demand what she has done to merit more than mere reipeot. . . . . While drawing enormous State allowances , . . . she has liitrally swamped the Court, the A: my -and the Nu.vy with German ?pfiuoelimfe.' ! Norton '6 artioU oo'nt'Mns nothing fresh in the cuto filiation of- manner t'f stating facts. In ceitain disloyal j' uviiais — Hii'l in oont-equeuce of Hiich disloyal:y' tl.ey mutst bf h y ootted i«s (;utt«rr'HgH — publinlii-d iu England, wmilnr seditious (f) libel ling is regularly a'ld- fr«*ly in duUed in, much to the satisfaction of a larva poitiou of the B'iush people. .Were the EnttliBh authori ties ir.'ubltd with swollen headsjieo prevalent amougst Anstraltan aoks-in-6f&ce; nnd judges, these disloyitl eilitors, printers, and pub lishers wonld be behind prihon bars. Tbe other side of the picture would be monster mass meetings in Hyde Park,' police batons, broken heads, then soldiery and rioting, followed by revolution, which would not be stamped ont, thongh rivers of blood flowed down Condon streets and alleys, for ihe qneBiion of Fiee Speech and Free Frees v. Royalty made in Germany wonld be taken op by the nation, and eventually tho billot bnx wonld effectually decide the question, and the toadjism audgroveidom of the kingdom wonld bu nonplussed. When tbe Yellow Pop and the Eiatna Ghost ruled over New South Wales the strains of ' God save the Qaeen were continuously sawing the air, and it was essential to a quiet life that you should lift off the hat in respectful deference whenever the doleful notes of what is by courtesy and usage termed the National Anthem struck the tympanum of the ear. Thonght lees or stubborn omission of the deferential hat doffing endangered a fight with one or more of tbe Yellow Pup Brigade. For that state of ' loyal ' serfdom the shoot ing of that Prince of Meanness, t en known as the Duke of Edinburgh, by the maniac O'Farrell was re sponsible. Later events have how ever made Sydney the most Repub lican city of. Australia, for whioh cussedness and devilry the Demo cratic Press is largely responsible. Though the seeds of sedition were not always quietly sown, little fruit was borne until the Queen's Jubi lee celebration. The disloyal element at that time made no ob jection to the pyrotechnic display, which was good-natnredly allowed to proceed with considerable eclat, probably in deference to tbe chil dren, who love that kind of show. Strenuous opposition, however, faced the Queen's Jubilee Fnnd, and an inauguration meet, ing could only be brought off in the Albert Hall by using repressive measures. Tbe Permanent Artillery were put under arms, though wisely kept oat of sight, ready for emergency, and the public meeting was care fully ' packed ' before the opening hour with a strong contingent of the Ynllow Pup, hob-nail-booted university students, and footbillers, with a dash of the png elemen', specially hired for thn occasion. It is very sirnificant of this altered state of public feeling against the German royalty enthroned in Ens land, that tho prosecution of the Sydney Tbuth people has fizderi out by tbe jury refnBing to agi«n as to the verdict. Tbe disloyal t' el ve w-- re theieupon ditohnreed. As the prisoners were remanded, there is a likelihood that the authorities may exercise more care in selecting a jury panel for the next trial, other wive, the prosecution eventuating in a killing frost the disloyal 'gutter- raps' will b« further encourage1) to educate the people towards sedition and Republicanism. The public are invited to a grand musical treat at the Temperance Hall, on Monday evening, in aid of the Rev. John Anderson's Christian Temple Mission. He has offered a share of the profits to help the Ragged Schools. A crowded house is is expected, and Mr. Tennyson Bates has promised a cornet solo. Wake up, workers ! an election ib at hand. Onoe again the opportunity arise* to rid the country of the old-time gang who run the PariUmant to unit thair own ends. Tour own fellow workers with whom you Msnoive are the men best fitted to he in Parliament, as they know your nquir«DMUt« An effifrt shnuM he m&d-t; to crush out the -;liq Jp.-i Certain fnshi.-imh'A Ntw York worn™ hat* vioptad the outturn of the court of Dob P»dro and in the seclusion of their homes go- barefooted. Remit: Cornless, also less subject to colds aud fevers. At a muist-rv 'IBe- vere murrfiM ? .-:-? ?? -. !? ,i||il- t i'r-ii wll'i -Urni' lip \- .. ?. ubi- -i-.. ..u- .1.*. !...Ting .1,. Xii.i llccciuily uua -uUu »fij ia tlic I gama fashion. 