CONSECRATION OF A PRELATE. THE BISHOP OF PORT AUGUSTA. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. It is only at long intervals that a ceremony so impressive as the consecration of a new bishop is to be witnessed in Adelaide, and it is therefore not surprising that the Catholic Cathedral was crowded to its fullest capacity on Sunday morning when the Very Bcv. Father James Malier \ras inducted into his office as Bishop of l'ort Augusta. The cere mony was a great success, with its solemn ritual, its beautiful music, its splendid robes, and that completeness of detail which dis tinguishes the functions ot the Catholic Church. Besides a host of minor ecclesiastics the consecration was attended by the Archbishop of Adelaide, and the Bishop of Sale, Ballarat and, Sandhurst The ceremony was of great length, as it lasted, including the sermon of the Rev. Father Dietel, from 11 in the morningr until a quarter to 3 in the after noon. To those who were present it was very clear that Bishop Mabtr will make a digni fied as well as able and popular administrator of the great diocese which the holy father has confided to his care. When stationed at I'elnna Father Haher won golden opinions aaiong the Catholics of the north, and there is no question that his selection is heartily welcomed throughout his new see. The Venerable Bishop of Sale (Dr. Corbott) acted as consecrating bishop, and his fine voice was heard to great advantage. The bishop-elect has recently made a retreat at the Passionists' House, Glen Osmond, and he and the consecrating bishop fasted on the day previous to the ceremony. The Archbishop of Adelaide occupied the throne to the right of the altar, but did not take any active part in the proceedings. The ceremony was a most impressive one, whether as regarded in its outward form or in its inward significance, and the special choir thrilled the hearts of all present when the voices sank low in the appeals of the Miserere, or pealed forth in tile joyfnl strains of the Te Denm. The ceremonial in front of the altar, although very intriciate to the onlooker, proceeded with the utmost regularity from the litany of the saints until the important act was reached of anointing the head of the new bishop, and the handing to him of the pastoral fetalf and the ring, emblematic of the union between the prelate and die church. later on he presented to the consecrating bishop bread atad wine, as the essentials of life, and two_ lighted candles, typifying the mystic sacrifice which the new bishop makes of him self to the service of his flock. Finelly the Bishop of Port Augusta, went through tho congregation, supported on either side by two brother prelates, and distributed his blessing among those present, who rose reverently to receive him. THE NEWlltsnOP's CABEEB. Dr. Maher was born in the parish of Bally neil, the county of Tipperary in 1842; and was educated at Mount MeUary and the Water ford Ecclesiastical College. After his ordina tion in lStiS he came to South Australia, and for a time was encaged in teaching the Catholic youth at North Adelaide. He was nest stationed in the north, and has resided at Pekina for about 17 years. When Dr. CBeilr, the present Archbishop of Ade laide, was appointed to the bishopric of Port Augusta he made Father Maher a pastor irre movable, and subsequently selected him as one of the censuttors of the diocese. When his grace removed to the city he con ferred upon Father Maher the honor of administrator of the diocese and vicar-genera], and the Holy See on being communicated ratified this. When a poll of the clergy of the diocese of Port Augusta was taken some months ago two able and popular gentlemen were nominated—the Very Hey. Dean Ryan, of Mount Gambier, and the Very Bex-. Father Maher. The former was nominated Dignissi muss and the hitter Dignion. Father Maher was looked upon as the one most likely to obtain the position, and the Sacred College of the Propaganda were no doubt impressed by his long residence amongst the people of the north, his intimate knowledge of the wants of the Catholic community in that part of the colony, and his great scholarly attainments. That Dr. Mailer's selection is a popular one is incontrovertible, and to quote the words of the archbishop, it deserves to he so. "I know him to be much respected and admired," said his grace, " and with the proveroial love for old faces the Catholics of the north will wel come his accession to power." Dr. Maher's great administrative and business ability have been recognised over and over again by Dr. O'Beily, and to him his grace attributes the success which attended the campaign which was instituted in the north to reduce the heavy debt on the Port Augusta diocese. "It was he," said his grace, "who thought of that and pave shape to tho plan in accordance with which the system of district collections was undertaken and carried through." THE CONSECRATION. The ringing of the vestry bell shortly after 11 o'clock announced the formation of the procession of prelates and priests, who filed into the Bancruary with "stately step and slow." First came the joint masters of cere monies (Fathers Cosgrave and McEvoy), then the crossbearer and acolytes, and after them the followiuff priests:—The Rev. Fathers Cleary, Carroll, Norton, O'Dowling, S.J., Doyle, Delahunty, Carey, Vincent, 0.P., T. O'Neill. Williams, Comes, Martin, and Healy, There would have been a. larger attendance of the clergy, but they found it inconvenient to get away from their parishes. After the priests marched the bishops of Ballarat and Sandhurst, and then came the bishop elect of Port Augusta and the con secrating prelate of the day, the bishop of Sale, who was attended by Fathers Hurley and Murphy, the deacon and'subdeacon of the mass, and Archdeacon Russell, who was the assistant priest at the altar. Shortly after wards his grace the archbishop, wearing the pallium, arrived, and was assisted to the throne by the Very Rev. Archpricst Nevin and Father Delahunry. When the consecrating bishop and the bishop-elect, with his two assistant bishops, were vested, they took their places in front of the high altar. The consecrating prelate sat before the centre altar, and the bishop-elect and his assistant bishops having saluted him theytooktheirseats. The senior assistant bishop then addressed the consecrating bishop as fol lows:— "Most Reverend father, Holy Mother the Catholic Church requests that you raise the priest here present to the burthen of the episcopacy.ll The consecrating bishop asted, "Have yon the apostolic mandate?1 The papal brief was accordingly produced, and Father Norton read it aloud, after which the bishop-elect knelt and took the oath of fealty to the church and the sovereign ponds'. What is called the exami nation of the bishop-elect then took place, and he promised to teach his people by ward and example the doctrine of Holy Scripture and the traditions of the church. This examina tion has been commanded by the Holy Father in order that he who is chosen for the rank of a bishop be first diligently queried concerning the faith of the Holy Trinity aud be interrogated upon the morals which are be fitting sucti government and arc necessary to be kept up according to the saying of the apostle—"Be thounot hasty in consecrating any man," and for this purpose also —" That he who is about to be ordained may be in structed how he is bound to demean himself when established in this rule within the church of God, and, lastly, in order that they who gave the consecrating imposition of hands may also be irrcprehcnsiblc." Some of the questions put to the bishop- elect were:— " Wilt thou by word and example teach the docks for whom thou art to be ordained in that which thou undcrstandest from Holy Scripture?" to which he answered "I will." "Wilt thou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed npostl.-. to whom was given I>y God the favor of binding and loosing, and to his vicar, Leo XIII., the present Pope, and to his successors, bishops of Rome, faith, subjection, and obedience according as thecanons enjoin?" —"1 will." "Wilt thou for the sake of the Lord be easy of access and pitiful to tlie poor, to tlie stranger, and to all that are in need";" — "I will." The assistant-bishop then led tlie bishop riect to the consecrating bishop, whose hand he kissed, aud tho latter begun the celebration of eoleran high mass at the high altar. Meanwhile the bishop-elect proceeded to St. Joseph's altar, where he was vested in the pontifical vestments for mass, and he also began the offering of the Holy Sacrifice. After the "gradual" the consecrating' bishop wont to his seat, and the bishop-elect was led to him. The former said:—" It is the archbishop's office to judge to in terpret Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice to baptise, and to confirm."' All knelt, and the bishop-elect prostrated him-' self upon the ground while the litanies' were Iwing sung by Fathers Norton ? and O? po?lincr, who were assisted byj thu chuir; "To Vcni Creator" also being | intoned. At tiic conclusion of the hymn all rose. Tin* consocratiii;; prelate then placed the Book of Go£|X?ls uiwn the shoulders of the' I>ixhop-elpctand Loth consecratingand assistant J bishops placed tlmir handsupon his head saying, ( "Hvceive the Holy Ghost" Certain prayers ' having Ixwn Kaid, thu consecrating bishop! aimoinicd with chrism tlin head of the bishop; elect, saying, "Vm tliy bead annointed and , consi'craleJ in th<; order of high priest by ! liwiveuly Ixnediction in the namo of the i Father and of the Son and of the Holj- Ghost.) Amen.*' The hands were also anointed, and ' were bound ivith linen bands while the pas-1 toral?tafi and tins were blessed and siren tn i the new bishop. The Book o£ Gospels was handed to him and he was commanded to preach to his people. lie was Riven the kiss of peace, and the mass proceeded ns far as the offertory inclu sive. The newly-consecrated bishop then uiaile tlie offertory to the consecrating prelate, and both continued the mass on the one altar. After the blessing the mitre was placed upon the head of the uelv bishop, who was then enthroned, and while accompanied by tbe assistant bishops lie went through tho chorcb blessing tho people the " Tc Deum" was sung. When the hymn was finished Bishop Haher gave his solemn blessing from the altar. Afterwards he thrice bent the knee to tbe consecrating bishop, singing each timo "Ad multos annos." This closed the proceedings. THE MC6ICAL SERVICE: Special interest was centred in the musical portion of the service. A choir, comnriscd of members of the Eoyal Comic Opera Company gave Mercadante'e magnificent mass in B flat, which was composed for male voices only, and seldom baa such a grand and meritorious performance been heard in the cathedral. When the Opera Company were here bat year only a portion cf the work Was rendered, and then it was found that the high pitch in nhieh the mass was written placed too oreat a tax upon the vocalists, and on this occasion it was deemed expedient to reduce it half a tone, thus bringing it more is consonance with tlie range cf the singers. Tbe mass bears the imprint of genius on every page, and is certainly one of the finest of its kind extant. It is very florid music, and in parts isstrikingly dramatic, but withal there ia that devotional strain running through the work which capti vates the ear and illustrates the bent of the composer's mind. Skilfully as Mr. Charles Beethatn accompanied on the wretched and decrepit organ the Instrument was totally incapable of assisting the performers and while in the piano passages Sir. Beetham extracted fair music from it in the forte move ments, the chorus completely drowned it A few instruments with drum effects would liavc enhanced the beauty of the composition, espe cially in the grand parts to be found in the Gloria, and Credo. Worshippers at the cathedral do not often have tie pleasure of bearing such an evenly balanced choir as Bang yesterday, for the tenors arc usually so weak that the deeper voices usually overpower them. The tenors and basses on this occasion were fairly equalised, with the result that in the full choral parts splendid effects combined with rich harmony were produced. The tnass is replete with trios, duets, and con certed numbers, all of which are rich in melody and really require professional or ex perienced singers to interpret them properly. It is needless to say that the members of the Opera Compsiiy did full justice to the splendid music. The **Et incaroatus* in the Credo always affords composers an opportunity of diEDlaying their skill in solemn music, and the one written by Merca dante is wonderfully conceived. It is set for three voices, and as sung by Messrs. Nefllson, BaKour, and Leslie it was a treat to listen to. The subsequent "Crucifixus" and "Et unum sanctum" were exceedingly dramatic and fairly tested the power of the chorus. Though Me. Neillson has song at different times in the Cathedral and under different circumstances he has never been heard to such advantage as on Sunday. Being in excellent voice he gave bis eolos with true artistic feeling, and evidently had care fully studied the hidden meaning of the Latin phrases he had to interpret. His use of the me=o vocc in "Passus est" in the Credo was cleverly done, and in the duets and trios in which he took part his voice blended admirably with the others. In the Benedictus Mr. Staunis Leslie's power ful basso reverberated through the building, his singing being characterised by pathos and devotional sympathy so ??c?nKal to the trne interpretation of this number. The others taking part were—Tenors, Messrs. Rosevear, Beaumont, Benin, Keiley, and Balfour; bassos, Messrs. Briggs, Ambrose, Bathuxst, and Young. Mr. Sydney Deane officiated as conductor and was a conspicuous success. The members of the opera were entertained in the Sisters' of Mercy schoolroom at the close of the service, and the archbishop personally thanked them for their services and heartily congratulated them on their fine performance. THE SERMON. At the close of the ceremony the Rev. Father Ilietel, S. J-, of Norwood, preached a short but very eloquent sermon from Acts xiii. Ho pointed out that the consecration of a bishop must take place either on a Sunday or the feast of an apostle, because it was the duty of a bishop to follow in the footsteps of the Apostles. At least three bishops must be present at a consecration to offer up their prayers for the bishop- elect The latter had to answer 17 questions referring to the canons of the church and to the orthodox faith. This examination was in accordance with the in junction of St. Paul in the Epistle to Timotny. While die litany of the saints was chanted the bishop-elect lay prostrate, typical of tbe fulness of the self' Sacrificing life and humility which should inspire him. At the end of the litany the book of the gospel was placed over the neck and shoulders of the bishop-elect to snow that be was to be the keeper of the faith deposited in his trust. The consecrating bishop and the assisting bishops touched the head of the bishop-elect, saying, "Beceive thou tbe Holy Ghost," and the anointine with the holy chrism followed. This was a mixture of oil and V?*ls?m the oil signifying purity of conscience and the balsam the sweet odor of a good name. The crozier, which was then handed to him, was tiie emblem of his pastoral office, and the ring was the emblem of his priestly office and of the union between the bishop and his church, just as the book of the gospel was the emblem of his teaching office. The new bishop was then saluted by each of the other bishops present and received the kiss of peace. When he presented to the conse crator the bread and wine they were typical of tbe essentials of life, while the wax candlc3 were the mystic representation of' the sacrifice which the bishop made of himself to the church. The consecrating bishop then placed upon his head the mitre, whose shape was emblematic of the two testaments, and the crozier being placed in his hand he was led through tbe church to impart his blessing to the faithful people. The preacher impressed on bis audience the spiritual significance of the ceremony they bad just witnessed. vespebs. a " The cathedral was crowded in the evening at Vespers which were chanted by a full choir, His Grace the Archbishop occupied the throne, and at the St. .Joseph's side of the sanctuary tbe Bishops of Sale, Sandhurst, and BaUarat, wearing their gorgeous robes, were seated. The Bishop of Port Augusta was afforded the privilege of giving the benediction of the Blessed Sacrament for the first time since his consecration, and ho was assisted by Fathers Norton and O'Dowling as deacon and sub deacon respectively. The high altar was again magnificently decorated by the Sisters of Mercy, and at the benediction it was made resplendent with candelabra. The Very Rev. Father Vincent (Provincial of the Passionist Order in Australia) delivered an excellent discourse on the Feast of St Joseph which the church that day bad celebrated, and also made reference to tbe consecration of Dr. Maherfor whom he asked the prayers and sympathies of his people to guide him in the responsible office he had undertaken to perform. The "fiegina crfi" which is proper to tlie day was sang by the choir, after whiii 3ir. K. J. Hofion sang the "'Aye verura" with good taste and expression. Messrs. Bchan and BrigKS, of the Opsra Company, also rendered a "Tantumergo/'by Nava, the instructor ?i Charles Santley, the famous Knglish baritone, and the vocalists infused great feeling into the numlier. Tbe hymn was presented by the Mother Superior of the Suiters of Mercy to Mr. Behan. PRESENTATIONS FROM. PORT AUGPSTA. On Friday evening several of the clergy of the Port Augusta diocese, including the Rev. Fathers W. O'Dowling, S.J., J. H. Norton, K. Doyle, and P. Cleary, with some of the priests of the archdiocese, assembled at Webt tcrrace to meet their new bishop, when ad dresses were presented to Father ilaher from the clergy and the laity. Father OUowling, S.J., who rer.d the address from the priests, also on their behalf presented to tlie recipient of the addresses a handsome gold pectoral cross and chain—emblems of the bishop's oSiee. The work was splendidly done at Brunkhorst's. ltundle-strett Tilt addresses and lctjiius are as follow :— To iii? Lordship the Cight Rev. James Haher, j V.1)., Bishop oi Tort Aususti. Ik-loved Kalhcr in ; Christ and Lord—We, ihe clerjj, secular and i regular, of the diocmse o* Port Augusta, offec j tionalely and fauii'.i>rly unite on this the eve of i vourcj>ipcojtal rouscfralion t j offer you our warmest | ami must cordial congratulation?, and u> tcKtiir oar I wutuftl joy and righteous pride thai our "llolv { l'iill.i* Leo XIII. has so singularly selected you : from our tanks to EJi the exalted office of second 1 bishop of the see. When Uic diocese became I vacant and we -were deprived of the ldndlr and ? paternal guidance of tlie Most Her. Dr. O'Hcilv br | his translation to the mure uuporUn^archiepibcopal ; see ot Adelaide, we leit oar loss very keenly. \ But when we remember that you wcr* truly I.is i Fiiiitf Achates, and to you were cntniMcd tbe duties !of the vicar-penen?l-*hip f and aftenvarcs to your : prudent cart was eoniniined the itiH mere i rcspouiiMe post of administrator, tt fed that our i lot is now a happy one, oud we assure you lUal your [ appointment us profound satisfaction, tjich !of us may gladly say—" Funes cecidcrunt iiiilii in ifraecUriti; ?toim haerediua nca, imsclara ess jnihi."—realms, vx., 6. We hare every reason to i*--lie\ n, as we fro?i?, that your reign will be blessed by Divine l'roridcnci willi most abundant fruits; and inasmuch as ihe n?ds and responsibilities, as well as the utmost capabilities r.f Uie diocese are alrecd* ?6 well known to you, we arc floile confident its justorai ji:rr?rticiTOa"?ni L>c in wise and ab'.e baiidF. Although ?ijfa3<? work las Lceu accom plished in the past under oar late belovi-d bishop, yei. much remains to be done for tlw final liquida tion of the diocesan liabilities, the general ad v&ncciuent; of religion, and the union iv closer and ttore organised bonds of the Catholic bod}'for the securing of our just *?*""? on the education ques tion. In earnestly seeiing to attain these desirable ew3s we pledge "onrsclrM io co-operate with your lordship in as zealous and tloroted a way as our human f raiity, aided by Divine grace, can effect. As a tribute of our affectionate attachment and priesuy esteem, Be bejryou to accept the pectoral cross and i'h^it)—some ot the insignia of yfnr office —wilicn it is our privilege to present to you. >n<*iing you manj rears of healtli and happiness, and paying our rood ai-'d inerci??!l tod to bless your episcopal labors, we are, your devoted fellow workers in the lord's vine- I'std, tbe priests m f.he diocese of Port Augusta. April 2j, ;S:Xi Here follow H signatures. In rejiy Father Slahcr said:—Very Rev. and Rev. Fathers—lt is a soaree of very special pleasure to me to receive this kind address from yon, my fellow-laborers in the diocese, to which you and I have long been so fondly attached. * The ties which united us together heretofore as brother-priests and fellow " dispensers of the mysteries of God" were surely sacred, firm, and strong. As the royal psalmist says:—"y>ii simul mccum dulees capiebas cibos: in domo Dei ambulavimus cum consersu." (Pa. liv., 15.) But those ties which bind us are still more closely knit now that I, so unworthy, am called upon by the grace of God and favor of tbe Apostolic See to preside over you with whom I fain would nave remained on an equality. You must be quite aware chat personally I hud no wish for the responsible position which has been placed upon rue. But when appointed by the Vicar of Christ and the Successor of St. Peter I felt myself constrained at once to obey; and hence, no matter what were my own sentiments and however intimate was the knowledge of my own unworthiness, I accepted the office to which I humb!y presume lam now called by God. Your affectionate -words therefore con firm me in this consideration, and the courage thereby engendered is a happy omen that our relations as priestfi and bishop, begun so cor dially, with God's blessing, will cause my duties, in spite of many frailties and your labors, always full of sacrifice, to be pleasant and fruitful! lam heart and soul with you when you declare that we all keenly deplored the loss to the diocese of our late beloved bishop the Most Rev. Dr. O'Jieily, who now with such zeal and self-sacrifice, so characteristic of the man, successfully rules the affairs of the archdiocese. None, indeed, felt bis translation more deeply than I. To him also we must all be ever grateful, that with our lord's helping grace he bequeathed to us a splendid legacy, the vivid memory of his many Rood works and untiring labors in the interests of the dioccase generally, and especially the efforts made and the signal success achieved in the liquidation of its liabilities. In very truth, as you so touchingly cote, "the lines are fallen unto us in goodly places, and our inheritance is a goodly one." Rot that any merit is especially mine as due to my past official connections with the sec, as you in such laudatory terms infer, bnt that the happy issue is the result of tbe thorough unanimity which existed between the bishop, priests, and people. It is especially gratifying to me to find you pledging yourselves to co-operate with me in the future government ot the diocese, and promising to second in heart and deed every act of mine for the welfare and advancement of religion and the salvation of souls. Of this I required no assurance on your part; on that score no misgiving occupied my thoughts. Be assured that no efforts will be spared on my side, as far as God gives me strength, to bring about the happy issue which you and I mutually long for and hope by our united wisdom and energy to attain. lam deeply grateful to you for your valued address and for the beautiful presentation with which it is accompanied. The cross will constan Jy serve to remind me of our divine Master who died for us, aad whose ministers we are; while the chain by its many united links in one harmonious, whole will be a fitting emblem of the lasting and friendly union which I trust will ever continue to exist between the bishop, priests, and people of the diocese. Henco I accept them most thankfully, very rev. and rev. fathers, and with you I beseech our heavenly Father to grant us all to be ever faithful to our1 high vocation, indefatigable in the works of our holy ministry and to walk always so as to be worthy hereafter to receive tbe crown of eternal life. The address from the laity reads thus :— Bight Ber. James Haher, D.D., by the grace of God and favor of the Apostolic See Bishop of Port Augusta. My Lord—We, the undersigned, on behalf ot the Catholic laity of Fort Augusta, venture to approach your lordship on this soleun occasion of your consecration as Bishop of Port Augusta to tender you our heartfelt congratulations to assure you of oar attachment toyourperson and our devotedness to the cause you represent. On the least of Saints Philip and James—just eight yean a;o to-day—jour predecessor, the first Bishop of Port Augusta, now Archbishop of Adelaide, wes consecrated in Su Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. His advent amongst us was bailed, as well it should be, with delight. Orrinsr to the then state of the diocese the labors which were imposed on him, and which were inseparable from his high and holy office, proved to be most arduous; tbe monetary difficulties with which he hid to contend were simply enormous, and the obstacles with which lie was confronted seemed almost insur mountable. Yet, with the help of the Almighty God and tbe co-operation of a zealous clergy and a generous people, all difficulties speedily vanished. A new order of things soon prevailed, to the gain of religion and tbe satisfaction of ourselves and our northern co-religionists. But wby do we make mentiou of those things to your lordship, who, in your capacity of vicar- ceneral of the diocese, knew them better tnsn we did, and remem bers them as well as we do? Because it was your lordship, with that wisdom with which you ate endowed from on high, uiio pointed out the best course to pursue to bring about such a de sirable chanie in the state of affairs. Because it was yon who by your noble example stimu lated both priests and people to make persistent efforts to attain the end held up to our view and bo dear to your heart and the heart of your prede cessor. These are bat afewof tiie many reasons which can be assigned for reverting to the past luttory of the diocese, and few though they be they CO far to prove your fitness for the sublime dignity to which you are raised and the wisdom of the Sovereign Pontiff in selecting you for iv A little more than 26 years &c;%> you, *s a j-ounjr priest, came to South Australia. Uarinj those many years you hare ministered to the faithful in niany)>arts of tbe province. Your zeal and great labors for the glory of God and the welfare of souls have been blessed with abundant fruit. Your many virtues have endeared you to all with whom you have come in contact, and your able administration of the diocese Waring the interregnum has been fittingly crowned by your elevation to the plenitude of the sacerdotal offiuc. One tuinjr yet remains.' Life is but a weary pilgrimage. The attainment of the end for which we were created is the one thine above all to be desired and striven for. May it then be the happy lot of your lordship and ?! the flock entrusted tojour|tastoral care to enter the portals of eternal glory and to simj the praises of God for all eternity. Beijing your blessing, liere follow eight sij natures. Father Mahkr replied:—My Dear Friends —The kind congratulations which, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta, you offer me on this happy day reveal an earnest spirit of goodwill towards me, and are a mani fest pledge of a true Catholic faith in and devo tion to the sacred charge which I now bold. The beautiful address, through which your expressions of esteem are conveyed, is a welcome message from the cathedral city of the diocese. I accept it therefore with much pleasure, inasmuch as it encourages me to undertake tbe heavy burthen of the episcopal office with a lighter heart. It will serve to remind me in the future —during whatever time God's merciful care may spare me—of some or the pleasing circumstances conn<;cted with this joyous occasion, and, let us hope, nerve me to greater zeal in the work of the holy ministry. You make reference to my illustrious predecessor, the venerated Arch bishop of Adelaide and to his providential appointment and consecration as the first bishop of the sec. You call to mind the feelings of joy eicitod by his coming amongst us nigh eight" years ago. You accentuate these gladsome remembrances by a brief review of that instructive chapter iv our history : which contains the narrative of the heroic struggle and unwearied labors undertaken by his Grace Dr. O'Reily for the liquidation of the debts then burtheuing the diocese, aud especially those of the cathedral parish. The happy contrast supplied by the comparison of the opening and" tho closing pages of that period is a matter of mutual satisfaction end just pride to us all. To the magnetic influence, generous spirit, and self-denying exertions of Vr. O'iteily the initiation and the final succ?-t of the entire movement are solely due But when you, i:iy friends, in your exuberant good nature would fain seek to emphasise your greetings by giving me praite far above my deserts for any success achieved in that mar vellous work I must disclaim such honor, knowing that I was but a unic in the fray. The attainment of our anxious desires is to bo attributed undar God's blessing chiefly to our latu beloved bishop, as I have already indi cated, and tbi-n, as you rightly point out to the IH-ncrous '? "atholiespirit and singular unanimity wnich animated both clergy and people inevery part of. the diocese God grjiit that Uie same f-oildaijii biu'liug tics—nnity of purjiosc, which ourliuiv faith inspire?, audsoierosity of spirit, which is t!?; fruit of Christian liope and charity I —m.\y lirmly knit ns together in the future as 1 the past- May the many religious works which [still claim our zeal and sympathy find reenonse as rirjnipt, active, and efficacious as f?h?ra/* -terised the early efforts made in the diocese in the interests of religion. Your felicitations <4id with a pious and salutary thought. Life is, you truly declare, but a weary pilgrimage. It is, too, a constant warfare amid tho exile. Whatever span God eraciously allots us in this vale of tears should therefore be carefully spent in seeking our final end—" the one thine; necessary." (Luke x., 42.) Time flies quickly and when past 'tis gono for ever ; it leaves no trace behind.. In the pursuit of the only noble, the one blessed business of saving our souls let us not halt nor falter by the way. Day by day, let us all, bishop, priests, and people, light and strive to know, love, and eerve our God, so as to come to enjoy Him hereafter in a happy eternity. "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the lloly Ghost be with you aIL Amen." (H. Corin thians xiii., 13.) 