THE RED REEF TRAGEDY. A MINING CAMP EPISODE. A TRUE STORY. [FOR THE "STANDARD."] Although many years have elapsed since the tragedy I am not going to narrate took place on a Victorian diggings, probably some old miners, at present working out their destiny on the West Coast, will remember the in- cident, which caused a great stir at the time. The circumstances surrounding it were of an exceptionally revolting char- acter. Society, in the "good old days" when the tragedy was committed, had not jonted down to its present conven- tional level, and many anomalies and incongruities that were then rampart are now archaic and entirely forgotten. "Rough and ready" was the order of the day, and rough and ready life cer- tainly was, especially on the diggings, whither all sorts and conditions of humanity flocked in pursuit of gold. It was a period of feverish excitement without parallel in the history of Aus- tralia, or of any other country, when men's passions ran riot, and excess and exaggeration characterised the daily ex- istence of many who, under more favourable circumstances, would have quietly abided by the amenitites of sedate citizenship. One had to possess strong moreal fibre and stability to be able to resist the temptations artfully placed in the people's way. The restraining in- fluence of domestic life was absent, the result proving that the average "lord of creation" generally degenerated. There were wanting the ameliorating influences of the beloved beings and associations which constitute home. It is not surprising, therefore, that the public-house and the bagnio flourished beyond all precedent. The licensed houses on the goldfields were, for the most part, ramshackle structures, without any pre- tensions to comfort and convenience, and generally conducted on loose prin- ciples. Of course they were all dubbed "hotels," but compared with the fine modern buildings now devoted to the liquor traffic they can only be called miserable shanties. However, they served their purpose very well, and the shingle bar and tap-room, adorned with pictures of famous pugs and fox- hunters, and presided over by saucy barmaids, never failed to draw a bumper house. The barmaid was a great institution in those days, and she still is, if I may judge from my experience on the West Coast. The seductive handmaids of Bacchus, who grace the Zeehan bars, are as charming and popular as were their sisters in the past. There were illegal as well as legal grogshops, so that there was no lack of "lush"; and as the "beans" were plentiful, "Gollagher let her went," and both sexes lapped the mountain dew and "she-oak" till the wee sma' hours, to the accompaniment of ribald ditties and obscene evolutions on the light fantastic toe. Wild bacchanalian orgies and shameless debancheries were of nightly occurrence- There was singing and crying and laughter, And seeds of deceit and distrust; There was joy in the drinking, and after - Dishonour, Disgrace, and Disgust. It would be unfair, of course, to say that all the public-houses on the gold- fields were loosely conducted. On the contrary, many fairly decent establish- ments were in existencce, amongst them being the Golden Nugget Hotel, in which Maud Lewis displayed her charms and wiles as barmaid. She was a pretty and graceful girl, of not immodest demeanour, and was respected by all the young fellows that frequented the bar, as much for the pleasure of a friendly chat with her, as for the liquor she sold. Maud had many admirers, and some very ardent lovers; but she was a discreet maid, and disguised her preference so cleverly as to leave busybodies in the dark as to the real state of her heart. Amongst her suitors was one in particular named David Goane, a young fellow of fine physique, but of an impulsive and pasisonate tempera- tment. He was completely infatuated, and often declared that if Maud declined to become his wife, life would have no further interest for him. Goane was a miner, and had resolved to ask Miss Lewis to be his bride when he had saved enough to set up housekeeping with. The young girl never seriously contemplated an alliance with her impetuous suitor, of whom she stood somewhat in awe, but she did not say anything to damp his ardour. Among Maud's admirers was a young Italian, named Antonio Lasconi; but the fair Hebe at the Golden Nugget pre- ferred one of the Red Reef miners, and the camp awoke one morning to find that she had quietly become Mrs. Paul Clune, at the decent little church that topped the neighbouring hill, on the night before. Young Goane took his defeat very much to heart. He was quite unmanned, and his anguish of mind evinced itself in different ways at different times: Now pale Melancholy marked him for her own; And again, Hylas-like, his sorrows to the wind would mourn. But more often he gave way to violent anger, and when in such tantrums he vented his feelings in wild upbraidings and in threats of vengence upon Maud, whom he stigmatised as a heartless jilt. On one occasion he went so farr as to declare that he would never rest content until he had slaked his fury in her blood: but no importance was then attached to this gory threat; it was regarded as the ravings of disappointed love. Even Antonio Lasconi, who happened to be passing at the moment, evinced no further interest in Goane's outrageous ebullition than a spasmodic flashing of his dark Italian eyes. Being of a very passionate temperament, no doubt David's reason was impaired; but as the weeks rolled by he retrieved his manhood. His natural spirits returned, and a positive and generous disposition im- pelled him to express contrition for the unmanly way in which he had aspersed Maud's fair fame. He protested that he bore her no ill-will; he even went so far as to wish her good luck and all happiness with the choice of her heart. Mr. and Mrs. Clune had now been married some three months. They resided in a slab cottage, and though not much to look at from outside, everything was neat and comfortable within. The Clunes were regarded by their neigh- bours as a very loving young couple, and there was no apparent inequality in either husband or wife calculated to endanger the happiness of their married life. John was a sober, industrious man, and much respected by his fellows, and Mrs. Clune was an excellent housekeeper. Under such happy auspices they were justly entitled to look forward to a long and happy union, but they were domed to cruel disappointment. It was with a light step and cheerful spirits that John Clune was returning to his home one morning, after working his shift on the Red Reef. "Is she up, I wonder?" he mused to himself, as he approached the cottage, and casually looking at the chimney and seeing no smoke issuing therefrom, he concluded that his wife was still abed. With the intention of surprising her, he noise- lessly entered the house. His first idea was to light a fire and make a cup of tea, but a strange indefinable sensation seized upon him, and stealing on tip-toe he peeped into the bedroom. Oh, God! the ghastly sight that met his vision! There, on the bed, lay his beloved young wife, weltering in her blood! Horrified, he stood trembling, and for some moments he had lost the power of speech. At length he ex- claimed: "Am I awake, or am I only dreaming?" and staggered to the bed- side. "Moud! MAUD!! MAUD!!! I say, Maud; for Heaven's sake, speak to me, my darling!" He might as well have cried out to the stones. Maud Clune was dead. She had been brutally murdered during the night. Great was the excitement and indig- nation throughout the camp when it became known that young Mrs. Clune had been lonlly done to death during the absence of her husband. The scene of the outrage was beseiged, but the local constable who had taken charge of the premises was inexorable and denied ad- mission to all, excepting the storekeeper and the postmaster, who assisted him in his investigations. In making a search Constable Mullance found a meerschaum pipe of perculiar pattern on the mantelshelf in the kitchen, and turning to Clune, asked if the pipe belonged to him. Clune answered in the negative, and declared he had never seen the pipe before. Here was a clue, and the constable, walking to the door, held the pipe aloft, and asked in anyone in the crowd identified it. "Yes, I do," said Bill Jones, a dis- ciple of St. Crispin. "I can swear to it now, and would swear to it fifty years hence. It's Dave Goane's pipe. Look at the silver ferrule on the mouthpiece, and you;ll find his initials, 'D.G.,' in small letters." Others also claimed to recognise the pipe. It appeared to have been well- known, for as it was a handsome and artistically-carved meerschaum, Goane was in the habit of showing it to his associates. "Has anyone seen David Goane lately, and where is he to be found?" asked the manager of the Red Reef claim, who had arrived a few minutes previously. "He's camped in the Wild Cat Gully," responded Antonion Lasconi, from the rear of the crowd. At once a rush was made for Wild Cat Gully, and on reaching a tent, Goane was discovered in his bunk, quietly enjoying the final chapter in "The Woman in White." Questioned by the constable as to where and how he passed the previous night, David, evi- dently confused and alarmed by the angry, threatening looks of the crowd, hesitated to answer, and before he could collect his wits he was arrested and charged with the murder of Mrs. Clune. The miners would have torn him limb from limb but for the constable. At the inquest witnesses were ex- amined. Doctor Lawrence testified to the cause of death, which he attributed to hemorrhage and shock to the system, caused by a deep wound in the throat, which severed the left artery and wind- pipe. Several witnesses deposed to having heard Goane threaten the life of Mrs. Goane; and Lasconi, the man who led the arresting party to the prisoner's tent, referred, with affected reluctance, to the occasion when David declared he would never rest content till he had slaked his vengeance in the blood of Maud Clune. The constable's evidence as to finding the pipe was taken, and Bill Jones' identification of the pipe was confirmed by the accused, who unhesi- tatingly admitted its ownership. Goane was committed for trial, and in less than two months suffered for the last dread penalty of the law. He met his fate with fortitude, and protested his inno- cence to the end. It would be difficult to imagine a more desolate tract tthan the narrow strip of country known ass the Coorong, which extends from the dusty little township of Lacipede, on the margin of the Southern Ocean, to the rustic hamlet of Miningie, on the eastern bank of Lake Victoria near the Murray River, in South Australia. The desert, as it was called, was certainly the terror of "overlanders" in the days of which I write. Bounded on one side by a dense and dismal jungle of Mallee scrub, extending for miles inland, and on the other by a long range of undulat- ing sandhills, the landscape was of a singularly lonely and monotonous charac- ter. The evil reports circulated by those who had endured the hardships of the desert, had such a deterrent influence that nothing less than sternest necessity could induce anyone to traverse the inhospitable waste of sand and saltpans. Some years ago, however, in company with a young Tasmanian, I had occasion to cross the desert, and I still retain vivid recollections of the vicissitudes encountered on the way. The season was mid-summer, and the scorching heat and scarcity of water rendered the under- taking very trying. The journey occupied three days, and at sundown on the second evening we sighted the only residence on the road-a miserable, saddle-backed shanty, which served as a police out-station. The camp was situated in the mouth of a lonesome gulch; but as there were feed and water in the vicinity, we hailed the solitary habitation with delight, our horses being as tired, hungry and weary as ourselves. The friendly barking of a fine staghound announced our presence, and in a few moments the stalwart figure of Tropperr MacDougall, an ex-cavalryman, appeared in the doorway, and in stentorian tones bade us a hearty welcome. Having watered and hobbled the nags, we went inside and had some tucker, after which the pipes came out. We fell to yarning, and Mac told us the following strange story in a very impressive way:- It has been my lot, began the trooper, in the course of a lengthy wandering carreer, to have witnessed storms in different parts of the world, north and south of the line, but I cannot recollect ever having experience any equal in intensity to that which took place here on the 10th of July last. The weather had been unusually mild for the time of the year, but on the afternoon of the day in question heavy banks of clouds rolled up from the western horizon, accompanied by flashes of sheet and chain lightning, and the sullen rumbling of distant thunder. By night- fall the heavens were obscured in cimmerian darkness, and some hours later the storm burst in all its fury. The booming of the ocean some 300 yeards distant, the roaring of the wind through the scrub, the tremendous crashing of thunder, the incessant and vivid flashing of lightning, and the deluging of rain, all affected me greatly. I was awed. Although I have been through the fire and tumult of the battle-field, still I am always strongly influenced by the im- measurable potentiality which thunders forth its sovereignty in the terrifying voice of the tempest. The spiritual in my nature is powerfully appealed to, the conscience awakened, and the insignifi- cance of my own individuality brought home to me with irresistible force. My sympathies expand, and I think of those who are battling on the bosom of the angry main, and also of the unsheltered creatures in town and country, houseless and cold, wet and hungry- Wanderers o'er life's stormy sea, Whose bark drives on and one, And anchored ne'er shall be. Forgotten scenes and incidents, and beloved, but alas! vanished voices and faces, revisit my mind, and memory harks back to the days of innocent childhood, when I sat in pensive mood by the fireside, while the elements warred outside in the pitchy gloom of mid- night. Subdued and saddened in spirit, I retired to rest on that memorable and fatal night, and after rolling and tossing for some time lapsed into a troubled slumber. How long I had been in that condition I cannot say, when I suddenly awoke with the conviction that someone was tapping at the window. I listened for some time, but as the noise was not repeated, I concluded I had been dream- ing, and turned over for another snooze. Almost immediately, however, the tap- ping was renewed; so I rose to ascertain who had thus disturbed my repose at such an unseasonable hour. Upon opening the door I was con- fronted by a wild, micanny figure, with long matted hair and beard, and clothes in tatters, from which the water literally streamed. The blazing sunken eyes and withered visage were terrible to behold, and made me think I was in the pre- sence of an escaped lunatic or of some unhappy wrretch who had wandered away from civilisation, and, having lost his way in the mazes of the boundless mallee scrub, became mad from exposure and despair. He was the most deplorable specimen of humanity I had ever seen. Speaking kindly, I invited him to come in and sit by the fire while I prepared something for him to eat. He tottered after me in silence, and, reaching a chair, he sank wearily into it with a deep sigh and feeble groan. I regarded the poor fellow with feelings of profound com- miseration, and, remembering a little brandy kept for emergency, I offered him some, which he declined. Food neither would he taste, though he ap- peared to be famishing. When I at- tempted to remonstrate, in trembling accents he begged me to refrain, saying he needed neither food nor stimulant, as he had surreptitiously swallowed a dose of poison as he followed me into the camp. Perceiving that I doubted his statement, he produced a small phial, which still held enough of the poison to do a dozen strong men to death, and implored me to tolerate him as he was goaded to the desperate deed by remorse of conscience for a fearful crime he had perpetrated many years ago. "You have," said he, "heard of the hermit of the mallee scrub. I am he, and I come to you, as to a father con- fessor, to relieve my mind of a weight of guilt by vindicating the name and memory of one of my unfortunate vic- tims, on whom I brought the greatest misery that one man can inflict upon another. I can convey no idea of the sleepless anguish I've endured since that accursed night, when, driven by lust and jealousy, I blasted the life of her whom I loved and coveted with a con- suming passion. It did not deter me that she was the wife of another man. I loved her in her maiden days, and the circumstance of her marriage intensified rather than abated the unholy desire. She was barmaid in a hotel when first I met her, and now, in this my last hour on earth, I solemnly declare that my love for Maud Lewis was as pure as man ever felt for the woman he adored. Insane jealousy would possess me when she evinced the least partiality for my rivals. I was simply mad, and could not see or understand that in her posi- tion she was called upon to exercise her amiability to attract young men to the bar. One of my rivals was named David Goane, who was an aggressive suitor, and therefore very distasteful to me. I was jealous of him, but after events proved I had no occasion to be so. "All this occurred in the long past at the Red Reef Mining Camp, in Vic- toria. Having occasion to visit a friend at a distance, I was absent from the camp for eight or ten days, and on my return called at the Golden Nugget Hotel, to bask in the sunshine of my sweetheart's eyes. Entering the bar, I was surprised at seeing a strange face behind the counter, and on enquiring for Miss Lewis, the new barmaid intimated, with a grin, that Miss Lewis had left two days previously, and further that she was no longer Miss Lewis, but Mrs. Paul Clune, having married a miner of that name within the last few hours. Imagine, if you can, my feelings upon receipt of this unexpected and crushing intelligence. I was for the moment stunned almost to insensibility. My heart seemed to stand still, and the whole place to swim around me. This sensation did not last for long. Order- ing a glass of brandy, I drank it and departed, as well as I can remember, without thought, intention, or emotion. Nature, however, quickly reasserted her- self, and my mind went to work with the impetnosity of the whirlwind. It would be vain to attempt to describe my sufferings for some weeks following- despair and anger, fury and prostration alternating in rapid succession. Was Maud Lewis, who, I conceived, had basely jilted me, to enjoy happiness in another man's arms? No, by God! if it cost me my life here and utter damnation in the next. But for all that, I did not mean to endanger my neck." Here the poor wretch began the writhe with acute pain in the stomach and to froth at the mouth, and it was only by an almost superhuman effort that he continued: "It was well known that David Goane took Maud's marriage with a bad grace, and indulged in very incriminat- ing language on the occasion. Dis- tracted in mind and enfeebled in constitution, I sought oblivion of my woe in drink, and though hitherto of abstemious habits, I soon became a con- firmed drunkard. Under the blighting influence of alcohol all the nobler traits of heart and brain were stifled. Love turned to lust, and I was dominated by the green-eyed monster and the foul spirit of revenge." That unfortunate outcast was now in an awful plight, but he managed to con- vey the following: "Under these baleful influences, I conceived the horrible scheme of wreck- ing Maud's happiness. I secretly watched, and discovered that she occu- pied the cottage all night by herself, when her husband was at work. She was at my mercy, and I was as merciless as a fiend. With diabolical premedita- tion I erupted into David Goane's tent one night, and abstracted his meerschaum pipe that lay on a table beside the bunk on which he slept. Next morning Maud Clune was discovereed murdered in her bed. The constable found Goane's pipe on the mantelpiece in Paul Clune's kitchen, and it was that pipe which hanged David Goane; but I, Anton Laseoni, and I alone, am the guilty author of the crime for which that man ended his days on the gallows." No sooner had the awful confession left his frothing lips than the murderer and suicide was seized with awful con- vulsions, and before I could help him, he fell heavily to the floor. What weird, unhallowed shadows flitted o'er his pallid features! How phantom demons crowded the tortured imagination, as with gnash- ing teeth and foaming jaws the doomed wretch plunged and panted in the final agony of his dissolution. For the next few minutes his frantic struggles were terrible to witness, till at last, with a produgions effort, he turned on his back and gave up the ghost, the storm all the time raging with unabated fury. Such was the trooper's story. Weary, after a long day's ride in the boiling sun I repaired to a hammock, where, wrapped in a possum-rug, and lulled to sleep by the sonorous voice of the ocean, I soon lost consciousness of this world of sin and sorrow. F. F. GRAY Queenstown, 22 11 96. 