Knlortatnint? «s we <lo tho xrentoHt poflfiihlc' respect for the Knlhvny C0111- inlKHloner'rt opinion, we (ire tumble to follow the ronsonlnt: by wlilcli ho roaches u decision nKninst. puiillelty of InnuiD'InreKnnl to an accident Hkutlmt which .oeonrred nesir Drouln. As wo undorsland Mr Mulhioaon, be concedes thill in certain cnsea puhiieity would ho useful. By dint of effort, we -can Just conceive of cases In which it tuljjclit do koiiio minute amount of harm. What we lmve persistently claimed, and what wo now invite .Mr MnthlOHon to con sider, is Hint the rule, not. the exception, should make for publicity. AVe do not iifTrbtit'ihn lnloll!Ronco of the ConimlH- Bioner by iniiPHtuilliii heforo hlni nb- stmotjirffumeuw witli which lie must be fumlllar. AVe appreciate and respect, too, his rehictanco to over-do tho "now 'broom". business, qulle understanding that ids mission Is one of reform ratbor thitn otic of revolution. Yet wo mdunlt that, the present' Is an cHsomiiiliy suitable time for InauKuraUng piddle inquiries Into the causes or accidents wlduh are pulpnhie to Hie eye, tiiere- forti impressive upon the Inintflniitlon and qilculated io excite gntve alarm in Uio minds of (he ptihlic. " t>linl)ooln-fBilliirooIc-T)rouin' " now llfpire inosi Inauspiciotisly upon the i>e- dmfiltMl; niUwny bauiier, and we cnii assure Mr JIathlesou that, the public - don't like It. Whatever tho need may . lie of bus- Imndlnjx'iho fiintlH of tlio "department, there is not the'falutest wish that tho lines should be worked down to Uio point of dnnjferotis economy. , 'And ns in the lust resort Uio people have, UmiURh tlioir iMilil.leal rej>n«sentailves, to vote tlio railway supplies/ It Is sound jiolley to convince them of tho-. need of expen diture. Mr Outtrim lust night nctually counselled I'urlliunent. not. to votu the money Hint Mr Mathleson deems ncces- sury for maintenance and refurnishing; Nell hot' he nor unybody else would iinvtl ventured to tako up such an attltude If the public were told the whole truth about tho condition of t he railways! We have every right to nssume tlmt tiieso frequent accidents— there was a fresh one yt»sterdny, by (lie way— nro ninni- fesiatlons of what thnt truth Is. 'Pub lic inquiries would serve this doubio purpose, that wo should know precisely what hupimucH, and get some idea of the cause, over-suspicion being dispelled as well as the darkness of ignorance by the clear, fresh light of day. Mr Math- feson need not four to let tho imoplc of Victoria know both the best and the woi-st nlKittt thrirown railways, and wd | put it very strongly that to such know- i ledge tl'iey are entitled. j Julia redldlva 1 In whnt n number ' of capncltlefl has she figured! Those of os arri\q>d at the meridian of life, uot to talk about the possibility of silver ' threads amongst tho gold, havo but to i hear that short, sweet, luscious name and n-down tho decades that nro gone conies the blood-stirring measure of tlio once familiar refmin. Oh, Julia; oh, Julia 1 Yon make the feel so peculiar, etc. An "etc." Is put in because we do not re collect any more. From the days of that ditty to those of Mr W. T. Stead, niider the influence of his familiar spirit, Is a big iwmtd, but easily enough does the human mind "Jump o'er time." .Tulln, the prcsumcd-to-be fair, the unseen, but the perfectly well-known, .Tulln guided the hand of tho eminent Jonrimllst,' and made him write all manner of bright things, which, we arc invited to 1 toll eve, wouldn't otherwise have appeared. We have always though tit cruel ou the part of that Bishop to whom Air Stead ap pealed for " views " on the telepathic phenomenon,' that ho should make an swer, "The Intelligence that guides your hand Is the devil 1" Yet, when you come to think of It, H Is rather curious thnt Mr Stead has had bo very little to say about Julia lately. Sweet and serene as of old, however, the fair .TulUi walk ed yesterday in the vivid fancy of the Postal Board. No, there Is really not any reason for disclaimer. The Board, In this instance, Ls huninn, not a piece of wood ! Messenger Toe— by what singularly happy Providence lr» this young gentleman named!— told tho old, old story, Tn it. youth and beauty, telephones, and what he prosaically called "tomfoolery" were mixed tip IiiJks wllderlng and oli sucli romantic confu- sk»n ! We are r»erfcet !y sure that as they llufftllrwl Mm ,1. the minds of the Board wns one of envy. What giddy old times Messenger Harris —Is t here slch a piisson V— was declared to have had ! Julia— and "Murk." AVliy "MurkV" Wlmt would we not give to know ! Was It a soubriquet of affection or Komnthlng bestowed unasked and un appreciated ? Tho Postal Board may fall to find out why tluit. Kino worth of stores was not paid for, hut, surely, af ter whetting public curiosity, they are untitled to ascertain for u« why the lad)' is «tHed "Murk." All tJirongh their pleasant Wednes day afternoon the Board was In pttrsult of names— miiHeullne and femi nine— and two blood-curdling horrors stand revealed. First, II was made man ifest that certain male employes were habituated to wickedly going out nnd having. a smoke hi office hours. These men have, however, loft the department. Secondly, It wns asserted that nn amor- oils messenger whispered his soft noth ings t hrough a telephone to a girl at tho Exchange. But, behold, he also Iiuk gone to fresh fields. It wns an afternoon with departmentnl ghosts. Is It quite good enough, gentlemen of the Board ? Tho mighty Moncllk, Emperor of Abyssinia, while still In tho first flush of hfs victory over the Italians, hns Iwen Interviewed by a representative of the "Tcinps." This enterprising jour- nnllst appears to' lmve found the dusky sovereign nmusing.hltnself with n great pile of letters, received from nil parts of the world. It is woudctful how anxious people of nil nations seem to have been to pay homage to the vlotor. Human nature is a very enduring qualify! True, many of the writers wore anxious to enter the service of the Negus, which would probably account for their enthusiasm. Tlie gifts, etc., forwarded are worth noting, especially as Australia lakes a hand:— Inhabitants of Trieste, disliking Italy, sent him an address In verse. Swiss admirers reminded him of their own struggle for Independence. CSonuans and Austrluns 'ridiculed their Italian allies. SchoollKiys begged for Abvs- siiuau postage stamps. .lews offered to float Ethiopian bonds.- An Australian clergyman sent him long quotations from the Bible. A Fnmuh girl sent him a prayer whleli cured all diseases ami wardtsl off all bullets. Who flio Austnillau clergymn'n wan and what text . he, selected: are not stated by the correspondent. But If the rev. gentleman— whose gift well sus tains comparison with any other men tioned— will let us know, wo shall ho glad to potut our readers (o the text. Then they may be privileged to Join with tho sender in speculating on Us possible effect upon the 'mind of the warlike Menoliic. 