stor r. ' v| 1, rUBLISHSD BX BrKOLU, ABBIHSEMEKT.. fl STRANGE AFFAIR, ' " ' BY : ' FBED. HASiVBY. j ...< j, oorYRiairr. v 4 : : Ifc.was1 whilfifc idling my time away last : \ tnmmor on the lovoly shores of Lake Gon- \- j stance, pursuing my pot liobhy as an amateur j artist, that I came to Ehnborg Castle, a dilapidated old building dating hack to the ? latter days of tho meditcval ages. It stands i \rithin extousivo- but sparsely timbered grounds, in a lonely bit of country about six i miles from tho pioturcsquo village of TJbor- g lingen, and some two miles from tho lake I aide. Clustering round tho massive hut dis- mantled gates at iho entrance to tho broad, gcasa-grown drivo that leads to tho muoston the ruins of perhaps a scoro of straggling > iottages. ; ' . To all appearances tho place was quito de- ' eerted, ana as I passed through tho great gateway, and wandered through tho neg- v leoted underwood, socking tho host viow to transfer to my canvas, I was surprised to hear I tho haying of a dog, and immediately aftor- 1'.' wards an immense wolf-hound hounded through tho huslios, followed by an old man 1 dressed in a suit of russot brown clothes, £ knee breeches, gray hoso, uud sinull Bhoes, .fastened by largo squaro steel clasps. On his "(j head ho wore an old-fashioned throo-cornored hat, which ho doffed with great politeness us r ho reached me, saying in very fair English, X 44 Sir, I am commanded by Count Conrad of ( Ahlupooh to request tho pleasuro of your t.: company, and to add that he would liavo met ' you personally 111 the park "but for an ucoident ' which confines him to tho cnstlo." t I replied by apologising for trespassing, i explaining that I tliouglit tho Custlo was unoccupied, a remark which I was sorry for at once, as I noticed tho saddened expression 'which oiimoto tho old servitor's face, u 44 Ah!" ho said, 44 tho fine old idaco has \\\ fallen into decay truly, hut all tho troublo 1 occurred in Count Conrad's father's time. | However,, sir, follow mo, for luncheon is 1 about to bo served." ' Without further conversation I followed my guide -through tlio deep foliage, tho dog : meanwhile sniffing suspiciously at my heels. Wo passed tho front of the house, and goiug : roftnd to tho rour, wont through a sinull iron-studded door, across a largo courtyard, i and entered by way of tho kitchen and other ! household offices. Along two or three ; corridors, passing many doors, all of which | wero closed, wo reached the great hull, large ! enough to turn a four-in-hand in, hut doso- lato beyond description in its cold baroness. A single table nt one ond was covored by two or three coats, hntti, and umbrellas, and on tho walls wero a fow relics of tho chuso. Up to now I had mot no ouo hut my guido, and tho signs of ruin within and without had caused mo much to regrot lowing come bo far.' Judge fchon, ray . astonishment i when ho throw op&n; a door revcaliug a largo well-furnished aud comfortable apartment, j and, waving mo in, announced, ! " The English artist, Count Conrad." 44 "Well furnished" gives 110 adequuto idea of the room. . Tho appointmonfcs wero of tho j most elegant, luxurious, and costly doserip- ( tion. A tall white-headed gentleman, with heavy j moustache, rose from a sofa with apparent difficulty, as I ontered, and walked by tho aid I of astiok, along tho room, offered his hand j with muoh cordiality. \ 44 My dear sir," he said, 44 pardon the f liberty I havo taken in asking yon to come ? 1 and boo me, but I am an old man, and seldom ' 'have tbo pleasuro of receiving a visitor, and i having dabbled a little in painting when I \ was youug, and espccially-as I judge you to i be an Englishman, your company willj bo moat congenial, for I havo spout -much timo in England, aud tome cif iny dearcat recol'-j;. \ leotioiia are of that country." \ I was plcasod witli tho warmth of the old ) gentleman's welcome, and readily accepted his invitation to lunoh, hauding him my card ( (from whioh he read 44 Pmil.Birkett" aloud), 1 and explaining at tho same tiino that I was but an amateur artist, ' aud a very poor one ut that. j At this moment my former guide oarao in. | Bud placing a Boreon round n tublo in ouo ol j tho doop windows, proceeded to sot out ' lunoheon, to whioli, when all was ready, wo I gat down ; I, with appofito stimulated by a long walk, doing uraplo justioo to both food \- Bnd wine. The charms of my host's conversational powers— for he sooinod pcrfootly at home talking of travol, soionoe, art, or polities — ' were-suoh as to causo nio to express surpriso j that ho should caro about living such u ; secluded life. "Ah, Mr. Birkett," he replied, "travolling \ J indulged in very oxtonBivoly until my | father's tragio doath, which ooourrod when I 1 was. forty years of ago. Up to tliut timo I I was, and I might almost Bay still am, undor >' the impression that lie was very wealthy ; I for he had, twenty years before, bought this i old castle and grounds, put tho pluco in 1 thorough repair, furuishing in tho most lavish .j style, and oxtonding his hospitality to ull tho .j country round about, and I uover heard of j him being in tho slightest degree at- any timo J pressed for monoy. Ho was, however, parti- \- cularly eccentric in ono respcot, for though j geniuUtjr itself in his treatment of mo — for I my mother died when I was quito young,, » and I being un only ohild wo had grown J more liko hrothors than father and sou, ho i never mentioned tho extent or whereabouts 1 of his possessions." "But surely," I remarked, "you could ' form a pretty good'idca of tbo localities from i conversations whioh you have no doubt ' heard botweon him nnd liis ngont or man of s law ?" jt "No, .that is anotlior curious thing. Ho j soemod to liavo agents in variouB places — , hankers in London, Drosdou, Stuttgurd, nnd ?Uionna, and' lawyers or other agonts in as i.Idny other places ; hut each had tho saino tnlo — namely, that thoy had aotod for him A only since ho had purchased tho Ehnborg i estate, and during tho whole timo various y sums of monoy hud reached them by letters ; from unknown sourcos, and those amounts j had been duly placed to tho Count's credit " and regularly drawn upon by him. Books were produced whioh showed but tho scantiest .#! balances in hand, nnd I was driven to hi retronoli, as this plnco is worth uotbing oxcopt as a residonco ; but I liko tho old ruin, so 1 dismantled all but this and another lloom mid ' jhalf a dozon bedrooms, soiling otf all tbo '.extra furnituro, &c.;, and commonced u kind !of hermit's residonco. But suppose wo liavo f 'another bottle and smoko a cigar in elinirs on . jrojtho terrace, and if you aro fond of tbo myn- froterious and not inclined to ridicule I will toll tbou how bo died." bei Accordingly wo wont out on to tbo old bhojjs-growu terrace, and sitting opposite to "each other, with a littlo rustic tablo 'between us, lit our cigars, aud tbo Count go'sommenced. I " Proloptically, lot mo oxplniu to yon that jjJl, do not boliovo in ghosts. Myfatlior, dur- j jing a sojourn in England in bis younger days Imd, howovcr, imbibed tho tenots of a soot of 'jhpiritualists, and as I grow up bad frequently "endeavoured to imbuo my mind witli tlio bu t'amo ideas, but I, with inoro naturally broad 'Mows, hod declined to entertain bis iu-gu- . to foents. I told you that ho uover mentioned .jb1'8 property to.raoj but on my coming of ,tgo, after a grand party, bo oaino to my room ' f.nd said, Conrad, school your mind well, #ns!or jrou havo a great future before you if you -yotuo justice to your position in this lifo.' ' I | wrast, father,' I said, ' that I shall uphold . jwen'10 fijfiity of tho numo you liavo given mo, I for' ,0r8 nro ynr oatatcs ? Can I not assist p thq manttgoment ?' ®w| "'My son,' ho replied, 'you will gain I thatflfi instructions from my will. ' ' "jVitb tliut i fomho eonvorsation. ended. 1 j estin " Years passed nway, during whioh I iot lpontmy timo as muoh abroad us at homo. , j,01)jty fithor ofton suggostcd inittriinony to i»ie, " Bess11' 'pnokow I never met my i'utoT Well, " Lo. votunjf I returned homo after a hard ,c1ul?iy's shooting, and after changing my dre:s i. Ok a quired for tijo Count,, nnd wuu told that ho \- . - boy'sas in his study," nnd had givou ordors tluit issflijor no oirduuiBtiinoes was lio to bo diH- j s . r.ubcd. As wo hud no fi'icnds in tlio liouso : ' llclnod alone, and retired to bed curly, tott morning tbo Count was found dead iu : -'A . , bis oliair with a bullot bole iu thq centre of his foroliottd. , " On tho desk in front of him was tho will only partly writton out, and as far as it wont I gathered that I was ontitlod to pro perties as por soheduloB Nos. 1. 3, 6, <1, 7, mid so forth. But whoro wero tho seliodulos t i was too muoh troublod that day to think about such tilings, and with all the arrange ments I liad to make, polloo-inuglstrates to soe, and dotootivos to confor with, it was lato when I sought my bed. . "It wus a beautiful night,' and as I drew nsido tbo curtain after extinguishing the lumps, the moon sliono through tbo threo windows, lighting up by its pnlo beams ahnost tha whole of tbo room. "I was ' suddenly rousod, as it soomed, from a doop sloop to seo my father standing by tho bcdsido. My first sensation, I confess, was oua of oxti'omo terror, bnt this was soon Bucoeedod by' a sort of paralysation of tho faoultios whioh ' gradually stolo over me; as tho figure, raising its right hand to its head, said in solemn tones — " ' Conrad lionooforth sooff not at a spirit lifo, hut if you would learn that which it concerns you to know, convert my skull into a flagon, and as yon takowino from my brain- pud, so Hliall you drink of tho spirit of my intellect.' " I do not recollect any mora until morning, when I awoke ' with tbo vision so vividly im pressed on my mind-that I forthwith obtainod Uiq uoacsiiury authority, aud gave, ordors in ncoordiuico with tlio instructions, fooling utterly nslmuied of my own woukness in doing so before tho day wore away, ns I convinced myself that I had boen victimised by one of thuHo unusually roalistio dreams whioh oorao to all of us at times. > " I did not countornmnd the orders ; and still kept tho relic, though it lias never boen used. I'll show it to yon " Saying this tlio Count toueliod a hell, in rcsponso to which tlio old sorvunt appoared. ' Bring mo tho ebony enakot, Ludwig." A niom'ont afterwards it was on tho tablo ; a plain square caso witli heavy silver mountings. Taking u key from liis pookot lie undid tho enskot uud took from the bluuk yolvot lined interior tlio gruesome rolio of mortality which rested therein, uud placed it before me. Tliore it stood upon llireo silver olnws,"the perfect stato of the tooth giving to the flesh- loss features a grin whioli cnhancod tho gluistlincss of its looks. Immediately above thooyoloRs sookots was a round silver pluto wliiolt oovored tlio holo . wlioro tlio bullot had ontorcd, and which bora a date only, Septem ber 1, 1S71. The top of theslrall bad boon out oif, . lined witli silver, nnd fitted upon binges for a lid whioh fell over tbo Bilvor- liucil receptaolo for drink. I had .never soon anything of the kind boforo, although I'had often, hoard or read of such onps. Turning . to my host, I said, " And tills,, you say, has never boon used ?" " No", nover," ho replied. "Not that I am in tlio least suporstitious, for I am tho very - reverse, but I did not likb tho . idea of using it nt first, uud it lias never struck mp to do so sinca ; but I toll ' you what, Mr. Birkott, wo will eaoh drink ti measurp from it Jtp-dfty if you are so desirousj" " - . j .'yVqi-y,.av-oll, I'll , drllilc from It. with pleasure. By-tho-way, who murdered your father P I prosumo the villain was caught P" " No, strungo to Bay no trnco of him was ovor .found, though all tho European polico foroos wore on tho look-out. Noitlior wore any furthor remittances rocqivcd by my father's agents in his. favour, honco tho ohaugoinmymodo of life. Ludwig, bring another b'ottlo." Tho Count filled another flagon to tho brim mid handed it to mo, Baying, "Drink u tonst, Mr. Birkett." " To tho discovery of your father's assassin, Count," I said, and drained tho flagon to tho bottom. " Thank you," lio replied, and re-' titling the o'up ho poised it aloft for a moment, then said, " To tho discovery of my father's assassin," and aguiu tho goblot wus emptied. I spont a very ploasant day with the Count, and accopted an invitation for tho morrow also. Our intimacy inorcoscd so muoh during tho remaining thrco wooks of my Btay in the neighbourhood that wo parted with mutual promises to writo frequently to oaoli other and mcot again as soon us possiblo. Tho Count had quite recovered from his accident ; indoed, it was hut a slight sprain, and could now got about tho country witli his gun, attended by his fuithfnl old Ludwig and his wolf-hound. I returned to my liomo in Dorsotshivo, to reaumo for a timo my baoliolor lifo amongst u tenantry who wore continually postering mo to " bring a wifo to the old Hall and- keep up the family traditions." Threo wooks wont by, when ono evening aftor a hard day's riding visiting soma out lying furras I dosed off to sloop in nn ousy ohair aftor dinner, and had a dream. ' I thought I saw u small room in whioh was a grand old bluok oak oahinot, but vory littlo othor furnituro. A woll- prosorved elderly gontlomun in a bluo dressing gown entered tho room, and carefully dragging tho oubinet from the wall, removed a smull panel from the back uud pluoed in the liolo npaokot, after which he replaced tho panol, pushed the oabinet baok iuto its original position, abd loft tho room. Tliovo was nothing in the dream to fix my attention, but it recurred again after I hud retired to rest far tlio night, and in tbo morning was so strong in my memory that I felt quito thankful for tho inspiration, and commonced to paint tho scene. That night it again came, hut this was in no way singular, us my mind had been full of it during the day, whilst painting. In a week I hud almost completed the work, still having the droum euoh night, when one morning I received the following letter : — " Hotel d'ltuliu, Naples, " July 19, 1R02. " Dear Birkett, — Oan you spare a week or two nnd join me, as I should much liko to consult you on tho' strange business whioli brought rae to Naples? Thoy havo some ox-, aollent old Loarimachristi bore, of whioh T liavo bespokon two oases for your special ubo. Plouso oomo immediately and help yours vory faithfully, " Conead." "Now," I thought, " that's ourious. What does he want mo for I wondor P How ever, I'll gqr" I at once paoked up, and at the Instmomont decided to tako my painting with me, tbut.I might put tbo finishing touches to it if op portunity oflored. A fow days saw mo in Naples with tlio Count, and tho first oveuing, ovor a bottle, ho said, "You know, Birkett, I fear to exoite yonr ridioule by what I am going to say, for you will certainly think that I liavo no excuse in reason for bringing you uoross Europe. You must know tliut a fortnight ago I began having somo extraordinary dreams, extraordinary, that is, inusmuuli as lho_ same cutno night qfter night witli no variation. I thought I saw my fathor writing a letter in bis study, and looking over his sliouldor, read, ' Dear Conrad, Go to Naples I' It has so worked upon my mind that I cam I have not bad tbo dream siuco, but I don't know wbut to do, and so wroto to you to como. ' I am a fool, am I not"?" " There is something vory remarkable ill all this," I replied, "-for I also havo been inspired by a dream, to such an extent that I liavo painted thq soono from memory, and culled it ' Tho Secret Hoard.' Como intonny room and I'll show it to you." # Ho followed mo, and. assisted in unstrap ping tlio box whioh contained the canvas. As tho piotnro came into full viow I saw his face turn dendly polo, and as ho grasped the hack of a ohair for support ho whispered — " Mr God, Birkett, thut.is my fathor in an old lumbor room ut tho Oiistlo." It was somo minutes before wo could collcot oursolvcs suflioiontly to talk. Wo agreed that, to say, tho loast of it, it wus a very extraordinary coincidence, and that .under tho circumstances wo mliet remain in Naples for a timo to see if anything should oomo of it. Two days afterwards, whilst strolling along ono of tlio commoroial streots off tho Corso, a gentleman on a bioyclo collided with tho Count nnd knooked hira down. I picked him up, and assisted him into a shop, a kind of second-hand furnishing warohonso, whoro ho Bat down to recover himself. Casting my oyos casually ovor tho contents of tho shop, judge of my ustonislimont whon in a corner I saw tlio oahinot. Tliore was no mistaking it. I carelessly inquired tho prioo, and was told seven hundred lira, but I bought it for four hundred, equal to about sixteen pounds sterling. Taking our purchase to tho hotel we com monced oporations, and us wo attacked tho back with bummers and olilsels soon found a way in, and by this timo oxpcotatiou was ar, high with us both that wo wore not in tho loust surprised wbon wo hod found tho hiding place, and drawn forth tho contents. Going carefully through tho papers wo found securities for lnrgo sums of monoy viiriously invested, and dooiunonts whioli proved that tho lato Count had u son two years younger thiiu Conrad, who liad been managing tlio greater number of the invest ments. _ Investigations uftcrwards showed that this son had boen drawing the mcomo and lavishing it in most extravagant stylo on nil aotrass in Puris. until two yours before he wus fatally injured iu a uiglit brawl. Conrad lmd no difficulty in making good liis position, und soon laid Ehnberg in somo- thing liko order again, though bo apends most of tho timo in England. Wo bavo frequently speculated over tho events I havo nurroted, hut neither of us lias yet ventured to onll it more than "A Strange Affair." " 