(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SOMERVILLE. The Railway Commissioners failed to put in an appeaannce on Friday week last, but the matter re protechon from the weather at the railway station, was brought under the notice of the coun. cil last Friday by Councillor Thomas Unthank. The committee elected to take charge of the social to be tendered to Mr. J. J. W. Caldwell, the energetic secretary of the Somerville Fruitgsowers' Associa tion, met.at Mr. Harrie Dicker's on Monday night to mature plans. Ticke?ta 1y s~eR~agcntte bRR a; .1 % ~a every promise of being a huge success. F; We have seen about the last of so cricket for this season; Last Saturday sc the Somerville club had arranged a .f, match between the Mornington June- b tion and Railways, but owing to the V unsettled weather the combined could 1 not muster eleven men. It was de- j cided to play a,"scratch " match. A L very enjoyable afternoon was spent. c On Sunday, 26th April, harvest thanksgiving services were held in.the Wesleyan Church. Mr. Baldwin preached in the afternoon and evening g to good congregaiions, the latter being especially large. The afternoon sermon was preached form J.eremiah ix., chap. 23 and 25th verses, " Let not the wise man glory,an his wisdom," eo c, and the evening text was Luke, xii chap., 15 verse. Mr. Baldwin delievered himself mn his usual able mann r on both occa sions. Mr. Harry Grant had charge of the decorations, and it was the unanimous opinion that the church never presented a more pleasing spectacle. The consignments of fruit. vegetables and flowers were arranged with exqnisie taste. These are 'all to be forwerdeel to the Central Mission in Melbourq or distri*ion annogst the On Mon ay a musical and literary entertainment was given in the church, which was crowded. The collection amounting to £2 8 6&l.; The pro ceedinge were opened by singing and prayer, The overture, The Witches' SDance, was played by the Misses N. and R. Unthank with great taste, who Sinatr on sang a duet. Miss Campbell I sang very sweetly Only Tired. Miss L. UJuthank recited with grace and ease a selection from Scott. Mr. A. r Mcrirly rendered two songs in his inimitable style, which were well re f ceived. A variation was introduced in the shape of a quariett of three violin and cornet. Mr. A. Thornell, who made a happy chairman, also gave a recitation, entitled The Fakenham Ghost. Mr. G. H3arb rd's flne bass voice was heard to fine effect in The Brave Sentinal. cMr. Thomas Unthank e with exceptional ability, recited To Be or Not to Be. and also favoured the audience to a song, Apropos, to these z troublers times, entitled The British r Lion. Master Frank Thornell held the e audience entranced in a recitation. About Money. Miss Gault read Long a fellow's Courtship of "Miles Standith." n Miss Nunn accompanied most of the a singers in her usual refined style, while i. Miss Carter played tastefully for Miss d Unthank. 