(FEMIHTER; i -i ._/$$>" ob, (fitl AURORA LAND OF THE SOUTH. \ ' i ' 07 JAMES OEOZIBB, B.A.,\ Author ot "The Same of Margarets," ot T CHAPTER IX.— (Oonthtoed.) -xnure aro nocwecn rour nnu nvo nun- fired free woman and somo fifty slaves. Tho free and tho bond have kopt the saino pro- Sortional numbers for time immemorial, ho only distinguishing mark of tho slaves is the short out hair, which is always icovercdwith something like a coif. The slaves aro admitted into tho chief hall tlireo itimcs each (lav." | " I hope," Smytho said, " tho lovely ipatrieian lady has changed her charactor pinco tho timo of Juvenal. Tlicro is half a fimll in that, but you will . understand what h mean." t " As there aro only fifty slavos each of thorn becomes of considerable valuo, and jthercloro is treated well. Jiut let us move. (Hillo I hero aro somo of tho short-haired (domestics." | Three or four women ontcrcd tho room land saluted tho gentlemen. Of necessity Watson was tho interpreter. Ho learned from them that tho presenco of tho strangers tros rotjuestod at tho morning meal, ftor whieh was to bo hold a meeting of all |tho ladies to discuss important business, and )to this mooting the gentlemen wero invited. I Tho mooting was held in an apartment oil jtho rofeotory f urniBhed in a similarly luxur ious manner as tho other chambers of that jmarvollous edifice. Somo of tho ladies re- iclincd on couches. Thcso formed an outer 'leirolo and wero for tho most part young. .The others had chairs liko tho curalo chairs jof tho Romnn senators, and on a sort of Eiisod platform Rcyna Lucia was seated aving a tiara gem-dcelcod on her haughty cad. S She motioned tho gentlemen to vacant scats near herself, and then she roso to address the assembly. Tho tamo English translation of her spoeoh gives only a vory (partial idea of tho fervid eloquence and tha glowing thought which inspired it. , i " Mothers and sisters, — That women havo been slaves, ayo, slaves most degraded, has (been a fact too well known to all hero. Wo jiavo been shaking our chains in vain. In jvain have wo appealed to high heaven itself , — in vain have wo appealed to tho higher Snstinots of man himsolf. But hitherto neither Hcnvou nor man has lent an car to our prayers or entreaties. It was not always bo. At one time women were held in honour as the mainstay of the slyp of state.' You know I have been taught by ono who knowB nil things, and with her I havo read tho books of tho old days when the mother reared tho child to bo an honour to his country and tho delight of his parents. Perhaps women had to somo extent them selves to blamo for the change. Their sphere of inllucnee and action is definite enough. They have tho homo to look after ; the inun bos to fight the stern fight with penurious nature. If the woman steps beyond her legitimate sphere she invites a contest in avhieh sho must bo worsted. Wo aro ex amples. But tho penalty we havo paid for tho sins of others lias been too severe. Wo havo boon used as goods and chattels aro used and only appreciated for our absolute utility. Our musters claim each year a tri bute of our best. Wc aro not considered in tho transaction any mora than aro the beasts of the sea and land whoso flesh wo cat and of whose soft fur we make our raiment. How long havo heart and soul revolted against the tyranny ? How long has the anguish of this serfdom found voice in tlio groans echoed through thcso walls ? But the first blow has been struck ; the first stroko on our fetters has shattered tho chains for cvcrl Never more shall wo enduro this treatment. Tho day of redemption has arrived, or the day of des truction is at hand. You saw how the trircmo of Fabius was in a few minutes at the morcy of the wonderful ship which now lies in our harbour. Some of you hoard the" fiorco threats Fabius uttered— threats of vcngeanco on us as wall as on tho Btraugers, threats of a moro strict scclusiou and sterner punismont. How arc wo to meet tlieso threats, mothers and sistors? Ono and only ono way is loft us— to trust ourselves to tho men who linvo proved that tlioy can defend .womod as well as respect them." |. Tho hum of approval spread over tho wholo assembly, but Watson and Murray, who followed tho oration pretty well, eyed 'each other with somo doubt — Smytho had caught but little of tho drift of tho discourse It was hardly what they anticipated. To become the champions of oppressed woman hood was all vory well in the abstract, but !they wore vory much of tho opinion that tho women had brought tho evils on themselves. Elsewliero they bad seen how venomously aggressive women can become with tlicir rights and wrongs, thoir " woman suffrage," '-their unwarranted interference with manly pursuits and pleasures, and consequently Ithey had somo sympathy .with tho root and branch policy of tho Tranamarians. But jthoy had cono too far to draw back now. Fabius and nis follows wore not tho men to forgivo intcrfcronco with their prescriptive Wights. If they retained anything of tho old Roman spirit tho Englishman wore snre tho fight would bo a stiff one, end how it might. 1 Watson could not protend to speak tho langnngo — indeed ho found somo difficulty in speaking Latin, which was to him a book language — and so ho conversed with Lucia instead, and assured her that what they Would do would be done to protect the in habitants of Femintor. Ho made strict en quiries as to tho number of men in Trans- snare, and found that there wero about one Ithousand able-bodied soldiers, bosides a (hundred . slaves, and that tlicy had somo thirty triremes, such as the Aurora had already encountered. | Lucia convoyod tho assurance of Watson to tho othor ladios, and then tho assombly broke up, What surprised our friends above all tilings was that not a single voico was raised to defend or oxcuse the Tranamarians. And yet tho grievances of the women wero to a large extent sentimental. Thoy wero well and carefully looked after. Every luxury was placod at their disposal. Ono had only to calculate the immonse labour that 'bad beon expended on tho wonderfnl lava 'edifice to judgo how mnch euro was bestowed |on their woll-being. But women nover will be political economists or ardent disciples of Itho doctrines of Maltlius. Sentiment is everything with thorn, logic nothing, f Tho womon crowded round our liaros, examining them just as a mob of duoliesscs and countesses m London or Boris crowd round a visitor from somo paradise in the Pacific, ThiB attention to modest young Imen of tho nineteenth century — there aro a few left— was most oppressive. Anyone who has ovor got on his feet to address a largo IRUdionco can tell tho strange effect the sea of eyes before him has on his nerves j and if those oyoa wore all largo, obon black, and Intensely bright, lighting up features of beauty only varying- in degree, tho excite- mont of the said nerves would not bo lessoned. ) , ' By Jove," Smytho said, " this is-an em barrassment of riches. Shall wo appeal to (a Royna to rcsoito ub from mesmerio col lapse ?" " Ah 1 lioro aro seme friends of ours, " said Murray, and tho two ladies who had beon tho first to board tho Aurora made their way through the. crowd and took tho gentlemen by the arm to lead them away. Tlio Venus, whoso name was really Claudia, laughed as Murray and Smytho looked round for Wat- ion. Watson was safo chough ; Lucia waa ,oy his side. " Wo must get on hoard at once and seo Boyd," said Watson, who had halted near the narrow door. " I wonder what became ,»f our dingey men." i " They are safe onough, you may hot," uid.Smythe. "Thoy must have had a bursting time of it if thoy fared anything j ike us. p. Thoy wero accompanied to tlio little pier tatthn ,tht£o.-ladies-.aU:eavsktnfifl iu.tha.lifih. lahlSs whlbh'woro ovidently regarded as tho proper, wear in tho cold of tho open air. The dingey was waiting for thorn, and in t few minutes thoy wore on board tho Aurora, with something of the sensation of returning home after a long absence. Boyd mot them as they stepped on tho dock aiid shook hands with tho three men as if he had aovcr expected to see them again. " Upon my honour," said ho " I noverfelt so uneasy in all my life, or spent a moro oiiscrablo time of it. Your two men camo back aftor thoy saw you into that blook affair and tliey gavo such a rum account of all tho proceedings that I would havo given tho Aurora herself to be at your Bide." " At auy rate hero wo aro safo and sound," said Watson. " We must havo a council of war at oneo, and so wo shall adjourn to tho cuddy to hold it." . CHAFFER X. V Watson gave Boyd a rapid account of their adventures, which oxcited tho sailor's curiosity to a wonderful degree. "Womon," said he, " nothing but women. What a paradise for Mahomet." . "Yes, women, nothing but womon ; but ovoryone of them a queen. By Jovo," said Smytho, "I should as soon ask Queen Victoria for the Koliinoor as one of them for a kiss." "Perhaps you would find them only ivomcn after all," said Murray. " You can't easily push naturo out with a fork, Ask Watson." Watson actually blushed. "You follows forget," he said, "that wo nave other things to think about than tho charms of womendom. Listen, Boyd, We may expect in throe days at tho moBt a visit from some twenty vessels like that wo peppered so vigorously. I tell you tho men have ncvor had occasion to cultivato war, ind therefore the science was neglected, hut they havo mado such progress in the natural icicnccs that I am afraid they have reserve powers which will give us trouhlo. Just fancy tho resources of men who could put together such an edifice as that, who have made tho air light-carrying, who have utilised the hidden fires of the earth to pro mote vegotablo and animal growth, who have mado electricity and magnetism agents in tho home life for every day purposes. It is marvellous— so marvellous that our boasted scientific knowledge is only the alphabet to it. If they hod had to devote their knowledge to war our little Aurora would not have had a ghost of a show in the encounter." " Looking at it from that point of view there is something to be considered," said Boyd. "If there was nothing to bo eon- Bidorcd bnt tlio warlike capability of the trireme I should not trouhlo my head, hut ns you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that we mount one of tho heavy gnnB on that point. Wc can easily haul it up. It will give us some pro tection if we find oursolvcs forced to fall back and defend the entrance. Tho en trance is narrow, thank heaven 1 and oui torpedoes will ho useful. What a happ thought it was to bring them. " " Wo may thonk you for the thought,' said Murray, "Yea. But I had qnito another idea in my head. I thought wo might try the effects of one of them on an iceborg. By George 1 it would have brought some of those big fellows down with a rare hurley. Hurlcy- burloy. " " Don't maltreat Shakcspearo, you Philis tine," said Murray. " Bother Shakespeare just now. Another thing we must do is to keep our dynamos always at work, or at least as often as possible. For this reason I shall up sail to morrow mbrning for a cruise. I noticed the iun dipped right beneath tha horizon yester day, so wo shall be ablo soon to make out a icoent day and night. I wonder if this sea jr any part of it is open during tlio long irinter. It would never do for us to bo .'aught napping, and a good look-out must so kept. 1 should say some of tho women a'ould not object to that duty. At any rato ive must bo pretty constantly on tho move. If wo have plenty of room to mnntEuvro I wouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your ;rircmes." "Your Gatlings and Maxims are in work- ng order, I suppose ?" "That the vicious beggars aro. Tho men :orward think tlioro iB something in tho wind, nnd thoy havo beon overhauling all ilio arms and ammunition. Gild I thoy are .ike tho war horse and sniff tho battlo from ifar. " " Do you think thoy will stand by us ?" "Like true blue Britons. They aro all igog about tho Bhoro. Your dingey men undo a highly-spiced report, and tho whole jrew is in a stato of long drawn expectation. " " Should we Bpenk to them and let them snow how things stand ? Thoy havo a right to know, for wo havo got them into tliia :omer, and, by Jovo, thoy are in tlio samo box as ourselves." "It might bo ns well. At any rate a few words can do no harm. I'll call old Tom, tho boatswain, and sound him." Tom came in shortly after and inado his usual Baluto to tho gentlemen at the table. This was not au elaborate affair, as it con sisted of plucking an imaginary forolock with the dexter fingor and thumb. Tom was a character in his way. He was a typical sailor, one of that class we rarely seo now-a- days. Stoam has ruined tho old profession. There is no romanco in a tea kettle or in on iron pot on tho boil. 'Well, skippor," growled Tom, for hit voice was as tho subdued roar of a coming storm, " what do you want with mo?" "Perhaps, skipper," said Smytho, point ing to tho table, " Tom would like to splico tlio main brace before barneying." " Bight you aro, Mr Smith," said Tom, as he poured out a joram from a decanter, " a nip in wcathor liko this never comes omiBS." " And in what weather docs it, Tom ?' Smytho asked with a gleam of fun in hit eye. " Don't know, sir. Nover found it bilge in my life." "Liston, Tom," said Boyd. " Youi weather eyo is open, and you know a9 well as we do that we aro in a corner." " As nasty a hole as any one would waut. Right you are, skipper." " We waut to know from you if tho men will stick to us .if it comes to downright fighting—not a scrimmage, but tooth and nail, ding-dong battlo." Tom turned the quid from ono cheek tc tho other with tho greatest deliberation in the world and said — "Would cats sup milk?" He winked gravoly at tho skippor and made to tho door amid general laughter, the captain calling out to him to sena the men aft. In a few minutes some thirty young fellows in tho perfection of ago and strength wore mustered on tho main deck with the two mates, Messrs Abel and Welch, at their head. Thero was a jaunty look about most of them that Bhowod they wore perfectly wollawaro what was the cliaraotor of tho community to which they wore Buch near neighbours. Tho men wore dressed in a uniform vory similar to that of tho Royal Navy in pattern, hut of course tho material was muoh warmer and moro substantial. Tho uniform, however, displayed all the strength and agility of as fine a ship's erew ua over sailed the sea. Boyd Bpoko to tho men in a quiet, conver sational manner, "Boys," ho said, "wo haven't socn the ond of tho serimmago with that craft yet, It seems thoro are plenty more of tho same sort where it camo from, and wo aro in for a good rough and tumble fight." " Hurrah," shouted an enthusiast, ' ' Hurrah bo it," said Boyd; " but wo may get somo nasty jabs ourselves. Will you ' urrali ' for them ?" " Well, thoy mayn't bo quite so pleasant, ut wo bono we can take as woll as give. If I'pu want to know it, skipper, we'll toll you st once wo'll fight. Wo have been well ,rcatc<l on board this craft, and sailor men Know what that moans." "There is another thing I wont to say," laid Boyd. " You know what sort of company wo have up yonder. What I want you to do is to treat thoso ladies with dSfillfiiw.TXPjy-jroiro aeleatcdLns -meniofuiharaoai tor and respectability, and I wont you" to retain your reputation to tho end." " You aro right thore, skipper," said tho spokesman, a fine strapping young fellow of the "gumsucker" persuasion, and more than six feet high. "You aro right thore, ikipper. We'll be on our good Behaviour, but of course if thero aro good things going tho foo'slo should havo.a share as well as the cuddy. " Thoro was a goneral laugh at this, in which tho " cuddy " joined. Watson, however, intorposod and said " All wo want, men, is this : that you act with these women aa if they wero respectable women in Melbourne or Sydnoy, protected by British laws. In fact thoy are and will bo protected by British law, but I should liko to see them oven moro effectively protected by British chivalry." 7 That's tho sort, Mr Watson," cried some of tho men. "Leavo it to us and you will make no mistake." Tho skippor then naked a minute of their attention. "Wo are so completely isolated that the relations of officers and men aro muck modified, and so I shall take you into my confidence as to what 1 mean to do. First of all Mr Abel will take a boat's crew and sound carefully up to the pier. If thoro if f enou8'1 for us to lie alongside our work will bo much easier, for I want to get a mu> to that point. Tho first part of our fighting must bo in tho open sea, where we'll have room to turn, but we do not know what may occur, and wo must be ready for ovory accident. Above all tho entrance must he defended to tho last. Now, hoys, you have overytliing in a nutshell, and just rcmemboi that you are fighting, not only for your own lives, -hut for the finest and loveliest women in the wholo world. Mr Abel, will you take tho boat and try tho depth of the water ihoad ?" " Aye, aye, sir." And as Mr Abel was, like all the rest on Doard, in a Btato of suppressed excitement tho boat soon shot out from Aurora's quartoi in her mission. Tiie water was found to ho of enormous depth all over tho littlo harbour. In fact it ivas evident that tho bay was tho deep orator of an extinct volcano. Tho men on board wero in tho meantime as buBy as bees ropairing and shifting and polishing. Tho jontlemen aft themselves oxamined tho armoury which they had laid in for their own private uso, and that important duty was ilmoat finished when tho " randy " the men ling when heaving tho anchor was heard — ' WhiBkey for my Johnny." Tlio Aurora was warped to the pier without much trouble, Thero was a crowd ef womon at tho pier-head, hut they regarded ho proceedings with calm interest. Tho gun, n old-fashioned twelve-pounder, was swung ip to the pier, and after on hour's hard work It was got into position on the promontory. Everything was done with a will, and no one could object to the natural vanity of the men, who did their very beBt before the fair and interesting spectators. Tho whole proceedings were watched with the greatest curiosity by tho women. Thoy absolutely nothing of tho reason fox all the exertion, but thoy did not iuterfore or in any way interrupt the work. Tliov simply looked on. . Ry-nnd-by Lucia, Claudia, and Lesbio joined the group of spectators, and the attraction proved too great for our friends, who nt oneo approached. Thoy iiad not ovor considered the reason for tho rospeot paid tc those ladies by thoir companions, but it war cvirlont and sincere. Watson asked tho ladies to go with him tc tho one-gun battory, saying he would explain to. them what had Been done. Ana sc with many significant grins from tho tars and ti fow smiles from tho ladicB ivhc ' 1 fcbc half-dozen young pcoplo paired off in tho most natural way imaginable and strolled along by tho shores of tlio unknown sea and over the lava boulders of forgotten time. Murray, or rathor Horace, was right. You can t drive naturo out with a fork. The wholo thing looked as natural there as it would at a garden party in St. John's Wood or at an "At Homo" in South Yarra 01 looiak. Perhaps wo shall hear hercaftei what they talked about. Just now it would bo unfair to interrupt. CHAFFER XI. i ,,, my frinds wiBh to seo for them solves? Royna Luoia asked, and she led the way through pleasant groves of myrtle auc cedar which, interlacing their twiuinr branches, did not shado the fcrtilo ground hut formed a luminous trucory against tin 'oi ty background of tho roof. The ail pregnant with its own light suffused spaci in all directions, and thore wero no shade! cast even by the round boles of the stately trocs. And yet tho trees had not the saint luxuriauco of growth as in their natural soi1 and chmato ; art could do much, yet not overytliing. Thoy had perhaps acquired other qualities aud characteristics in thcii now habitat, but thoy had lost that appear ance of superabundant strength and cnergj which are attributes of nature unrestrained, and indeed to Bomo extent reminded oui frionds of the ininiaturo growth in which the Chinese take such pleasure, dwarfing the giants of the forest into pigmies. 1 Qglfehmen everything was strange with an unusual strangeness. They couiu have understood tho vagaries of Thibetan Lamaaary. or tho raison d'etre of a ruin in tho pathless forest of Central Africa, but hor© they had no prior experience 011 which to base a theory and thoy could only look on and wondor, both of winch thoy did to their heart's content. 4 Here," said Lucia, halting before a huge archway, "hero is tho cntranco to tho caverns from which our ancestors dug out tho material with which thoy built Feimntcr, and tlicro aro many strango Btorics told of thoso gloomy catacombs. (Jur ancestors had 1 wonderful veneration for old Homo," " And do not their fair descendants share m tho veneration Watson asked. " Even wo whoso ancestors were painted savages when Homo waa tho proud mistress of the world, oven wo havo a sort of reflected glory in her glory, and how much more you — " "Of course wo do," Lucia answerod. ' Glory in a raco or oven in a family is always an incentive to groat things, but—" "I vote," Smytho interrupted, "that wo explore thcso ola caverns, " "ft is for that reason," Luoia answered, I hav? brought you hero. Indeed," sho Added, smiling at Watson with her glorious , oyes, " it was Cauido who suggested it to mo to bring you liithor ; for what reason I ao not know, but Conide nevor acts without treason." " Oh tlion," said Watson, " wo muBt co at Mico." " Stay, said Lucia ; 41 thoso catacombs ato different from what wo havo up here. It i-i 1 thoro— thick darkness— so thick that it becomes almost palpable. 1 knows all their intricacies and windings, but I havo beon in a littlo way- only a littlo way indeed— and I think I con guido you. Tlio horror of being lost in those awful realms of blackness is dreadful to pause upon, and yot thero is a tradition that when tho old stato of affairs was broken scores of women wore driven down and left to porish." "I remombor being lost for a while in tho lloman catacombs," said Murray, "and uon t want to ronow tlio oxporionco in beminter, I assure you." ne.,d ,nt four being lost," Luoin said. " Gsmdo lmows everything. And now let oaoh take ono of thoso littlo famps. Press light'" WheD y0U wnnt moro Sho drow from hcr robo throo lamps shaped liko thoso found in Etruscan tombs wBioli tlio Spado of tlio peasant has unwittingly violated but tlio lot of flamo which rose dear juid brilliant from tlio littlo spout was supplied bv no oil. It rose' puro and steady a few inches abovo the orifico liko an emanation from somo living spirit confined within tho narrow limits of tho lamp. These friends'1 Watson, who supplied his To BE CONTINDBD. tf A oorrnaponjdonb suggests thatjmum ", Is used aa a title for ladies on ncoQunboE; -thoir .weUbkuuwnlavcrofeUeiine. & 