j Ringing the Changes, AN Australian horse pastoral. By C. H. S. One steaming Sunday morning, we was riding j slowly down — That's mi; and Joe from Walwa— to Tarioola town. And the chapel hell was ringing, as we cleared the hit of scrub That hounds the parson's paddock, at the hack of Riley s pub. 'We hadn't got a deenar', and we're anxious here to state j We'll break no Sunday liquor laws — whilst ? Jhley kept a slate I i This liiley seemed obliging, till be mentioned j .Ine'd a lull j That, stretched instead of shrinking up and ; settling in bis till. ! Sn Joe to head him oft talks horse, and, | giving me a wink. j Says, ?? Kilcy, what was you before you took to selling drink ? | I've heard as how you used to own a ringing | good old gray . -. The Badger, quite a champion in the steeple chasing way.' First Kiley wrinkles up his lips, half whistles, then he spoke : ' 'Tis a very tinder topic, bhoys 1 that gray horse sint me broke. But take a nobbier to his name, and while I tell the tale. Just wish with me them Goulia coves was doing time in gaol I I lost him in a. kind of .flood: perhaps that S the reason why. When Badger s name is mentioned now, I'm always feeling dhry.' 'I never was a silver tail what goes for full and flash, I'm modest like, especially when I am out for cash ; As most 'nd know old Badge could win the Goulia Steeplechase, I didn't gas as how I meant to start him in that race. Not much I 1 just forgets him slick and m an absent way. He s entered ' Jenkin's brown, TheFox,' and exits Riley's grey.' ' When a. cove has taken lessons id a back block gaflmg school. He isn't- too partic'lar when be wants to scoop the pool : And as I want's a monte what should cop the maximum. By wire they gets an entry for The Fifer ; i whew ! a plum. j The liandicapper he.'fell in. and socks him up with weight, A pretty poultice, 14 stone The Fox gets 10 I stone S.' | ' Well, bhoys. ye -know what color is. grey's | always grey* brown ain't. : But it isn t hard to change 'enr-if your handy with the paint. I d got my dollars, on The Fox, the pot was pretty warm — It somehow starts a-cooling when swish I \- comes a. thnndcrstorm. The held was at the starting post : what price the ram ? by cripes I The Fox wants brushing up again — he's coming out in sthnpes !' ' I twigs a transformation scenetabont his tai? and mane. As we waited for the flag to fallsamidst that ponrin' rain ; At last were off. The course wasishtiff and 'fore we got. once, round. A divil's dozen of 'em found- they'd business with the ground: But two stood up : The Fox hard held, the Hector's chestnut led, But 'bout a mile or so- from home she landed on her head.' 'As lie s winning in a canter .then, The Fox \ takes off too close. And followm' the prescription* he nearly got his dose ; Don't make no odds the stumble, there's ?whips of time to spare. TheFox wins very easy by a furlong from the mare. Why does the Doctor protest ? What's that the darned judge says. Number 9 is Jenkin's brown;; there ain't no zebra greys !' 'The band played then. Some swears its Badge. I asks the bkiomin' Doc. If folks don't sometimes find their hair gone piebald through a shock. ' Tis rare,' says he ; says I, ' The Fox is timid, easy scared, So Jenkin's says all them thundering fails have frightened him white-haired ! [ swore the Badger's dead three months. ' Quite so ' they says ' he's dyed' The chestnut mare she got the stakes and I'm disqualified. ' To save my skin and get away I paid np every debt, ?Vnd had to give the Doe. my horse to square a fifty bet ; .Vnd in return he whispers me, ' Them water colours spoil.' And paintings last far longer when the artist takes on oil.' * * * * * ' I've balanced up his winnings since, though no more mokes I dyed, T bleached a bay to creamy with some shtuff call ' peroxide.' 'Tis made they say from bullock's skins — I dunno. Next year T won the. Doctor's dollars, though — my word — 1 cost him dear. He'd got the Badger right again and backed him for a pile. But though I wasn't on the spot. I did him up in style. He don't know yet the yellow horse, that beat him on the post. Was thauk's to that there stuff a crack.bay steeplechaser's ghost.' ? * * » « That's how I got the office, if in Tarioola town. Tour parching for a nobbier and no coin to plank down. Call around on Kiley and ask him for this tale, Sympathise discreetly, and you'll get it by the pail. * Deenar, :i shilling. Ho — ' I feci like a fool to-night.' She — ? 'Why to-night ?' Ambiguous: She — 'And would you have loved me just as much without my money?' He—' Just as much, my darling.' '? Do you think you could eat another piece of pie, Tommy ?' ' I think I could, ma'am, if I stood lip.' In Chicago: Undertaker — 'Here,- this won't do; where is the sixth pallbearer?' ' He Is — er — that is, he is proposing to the widow.' ' The best preventive for seasickness,' says the Manayunk Philosopher, ' is to climb a tall tree and stay there till the voyage is over.' 'Well, I swam !' said the cat on the back fence, as a shower of boots came his way;, 'that fellow- must think I've been getting marri vL' Hoax — ' Does Sillicus know- anything about music?' Joax— 'No: lie doesn't know the difference between a string orchestra and a rubber band.' ' I think it is mean of you to say that the count is good for nothing.' ' Well, I suppose if you ever go to Paris he will come in handy as aii interpreter.' 