NOTES AND QUERIES. SntciiL NOTICI TO CORRHPOJTDSKTS.-All letter* re quiring- an immediate answer must be in the oflios not later than Monday, and should be addressed to " Queen Bee," 'Jlu Auetralasian office, Melbourne. ACOOUKTS of wedding ceremonies, enpajrementt, dances, and all other social items (or publication in The Auxtralatian, should reach the office as early in ibe week as possible, in order to ensure their ap pearance in the same week's issue. " Doubtful " (Moorabool).-There are plenty of ways of doing up cold meat besides " the inevitable hash." For instance : Melt together loz. of butter with a spoonful of flour till smooth, dilnte it gradually with half a pint of boiling stock, and etir it all over the fire till thick, then stir into it a glassful of claret or port, a teaspoonful of made mustard, a tablefpoonful of ketchup, and a little pepper; let this all jret thoroughly hot. Meanwhile, cut some slices of beef or mutton, or any brown meat; lay these in the sauce, and let them get thoroughly hot, but without boiling; dish neatly and serve. Heat an Gratin.-Butter a \- pie-dish well, and sprinkle it with baked bread crumbs, then lay in ft some nicety-trimmed slices of meat (beef, for choice), free from skin, gristle, or any overdone bits, and sprinkle it with chopped mushrooms, a little winced parsley, pepper, salt, and browned breadcrumbs. Mix together a little gravy or stock, a teaspoonful of wine, a little mushroom ketchup, or a few drops of anchovy ketchup, and pour this rouud the meat. Now lay in another layer of meat, herb?, and breadcrumbs, put some morsels of butter about the dish to keep it from drying up, and bake. Riseole?.-Take lib. of cold dressed meat, cut it into thin dices, remove the gri-tle, and chop the meat finely. Mix with it a dessertspoonful of chopped parsley, three table spoonfuls of finely-grated breadcrumbs, a blade of , mace finely pounded, and a little pepper and salt. Bind the whole together with a beaten egg. If it is not sufficiently moist withthie, add a little meat gravy. Boll out some puff paste, and stamp it in rounds 2in. in diameter. Place a little ball of meat in the centre, moisteu the edges of the pastry, draw it up over the meat, and pinch it securely. Fry in hot fat till they are lightly browned. "Tally-ho" (Preston).-To French Polish.-The varnish being procured (shellac), the article to be polished being finished off. as smoothly as possible with glass-paper, and your rubber being prepared, proceed to the operation as follows :-The varnish -in a narrow-necked Bottle- is to be applied to the middle of the flat face of the rubber, by laying the rubber on the mouth of the bottle and shaking up the varnish once, as by this means the rubber will imbibe the proper quantity to varnish aoonsiderable extent of surface. The rubber is then to be enclosed in a soft, linen cloth, doub'ed, the rest of the cloth being gathered up at the back of the rubber to form a handle. Moisten the face oftbe linen with a little raw linseed oil, ap plied with the finger to the middle of it. Placing your work opposite the light, pass your rubber qu'cklv and lightly over its surface until the varnish beoomes dry, or nearly ,so ; charge your rubber as before with varnish (omitting the oil), and repeat the tubbing until three coats are laid on, when a little oil may be applied to the rubber, and two coats more given it. Proceeding in this way until the varnish has acquired some thickness, wet the inside of lbs linen doth, be fore applying ths varnish, with aloohol, and rub ' quickly, lightly, and uniformly the whole surface. Lastly, wet the linen cloth with a little oil and alcohol, and rub as before till dry. To make the rubber, roll up a strip of thick woollen doth which has been torn off, so as to form a soft ' elastic edge. It should form a coil from lin. to Sin. , in diameter. " Hard Arms."-It is the musolesinyour Arms that make them bard, and you cannot possibly alter " nature in this respect. The skin, however, may be softened by the following remedyPowdered borax, 3 drachms; chlorate Of potash (in powder), 4drachms; rose water, 6 ounces; elaerflower water, 6 ounces; olive oil, SO drops. Mix and ?hake.' Dab a little over the skin daily. 44 N.M." (Whitton).-Theyhave no value. The story on the plate is that a wealthy Chinese mandarin had an only daughter named Li- Chi, who fell \- in love with Gi^ang, a young man who lived in the island home represented at the top of the picture, ?' and who had been her father's secretary. One day the father overheard them exchanging their vows under AD orange-tree, and sternly ' forbade the unequal match, hut the lovers con trived to elope, and, having concealed themselves for a while in the gardener's cottage, made their escape in a boat to the island. The cruel mandarin went after them with a whip, and would have beaten them to dpath had not the gods rewarded their fidelity by changing them both into turtle doves. The picture is said to bo oalJed the willow pattern, not only because it is a tale of disastrous love, hat because the elopement occurred " when the willow begins to shed Jt> leaves/* .a Betook."- Oftnge M»nntlad&-Out np 12 \- Seville oranges my thin and sihall, pick out the seeds, and to each pound of siloed fruit add three pints of cold spring water; let them stand twenty tour boon, turn Doll till tender. Let them stand ttD«ntd^,ltien to each popnd of tolled fruit .dd >i& vf ioafsogar. Boll, sdrrtog constantly, tiH the MM jellies and the chips are quits dear. "il» "stained JiBos of four lindtlistliin rind tfoMlntoao fen .. i*ftfc»ptetof «*Ur wrt d*ht ininw tood bw tlx jtnd .'fflj*Fvfc gWC ai for Mfsa * - mmtrnx-, tihMtJLsfevSfc JlllB -iwnwj mm# tmtm < than Monkey Brand soap for cleaning brass. It should be rubbed OD with a piece of flannel, washed off with a sponge, and finally dried and polished with soft dusters. "Dot" (ti.S. ff.).-1. Mount Everest, in the Hima layas, is the highest mountain in the world. It is 29,002ft. high. 2. If the tongues are boiled for about 24 hairs, yon should be able to peel the ?kin off with a knife. 3. The doth for the pudding should be put into hot water, well wrung out, and then floured thinly all over. 4. There are man; reasons. Perhaps you churn too slowly or too quickly. The rates of motion in churning butter at different times arc of some importance, for when performed too slowly the butter will be strong tasted, and when the motion is too rapid the butter will be soft, and will not separate from the milk properly. The precise motions in churn ing at the respective periods of the changes taking place in tbe cream are difficult to determine, and must be left to judgment and experience. " Matriculation."-1. She should wear a black gown, a white one would not be correct. 2. It is a fashion that went out long ago. "G.G.B." (Ballarat).-The beat way is to pull tbe hairs out with tweezers. Of course they grow again, and should be pulled out directly they come through tbe skin. «' (Great Western}.-" A Milkmaid " should wear a short coloured petticoat, an open tunic of flowered muslin, pointed bodice laced across tbe front, muslin kendiief; straw hat bound with black velvet and tied under the chin; boots laoed up the front. She should carry a milk-pail. Queries cannot be answered privately. " Rosebud " (Lubeck).-You should consult a doctor; he will lie able to tell you exactly what is the matter, and tfie besc course to pursue. " Gable Roof."-If you are passing through Cole's Book Arcade you may see several that might suit you. " Inlander" (Tamania).-If a stout coat or wrapper be wanted, let the material be strong . brown calico. If a light garment is preferred, use brown Holland. Soak the article in hot water, and hang it to dry; then boil lOoz. of indiarubber in a quart of raw linseed oil until dissolved, this will require about three hours' boiling. When cold mix with the oil so pre pares about half a pint of black or any colour preferred, and of the same consistency as that used for painting wood. With a paint brush lay a thin coat over the outside of the garment, brusliing it well into the seams. Hang it to dry in a fair current of air, but sheltered from the sun. When thoroughly dry give it another coat, dry as before, and then give a third and la fit coat. The article, when well dried, will be fit for use. " Perplexed " (South Yarra).-If you know her intimately you could write, " With best wishes from A. C.," but if she is only a slight ac quaintance you should write, " With best wishes from Miss Dash." " Lilian" (St. Hilda).-'There are many good ones, including Mrs. Palmer, Madame Fanny Bristow, Miss Amelia Banks, Madame Steinhauer. " Adac."-No, it is not neceesary to do so. " Anxious."-There is no age fixed. " Fancy Fair."-Comic Tableaux-" The Ghost Story Interrupted," " How Happy Could I be with Either," " You Dirty Boy," " The Lost Chord," " The Burglar's Horror," *' The Old Woman that Lived in her Shoe," " Tommy Atkins and the Nuremaid," &c.; 