AFTER MANY DAYS. " Wake up wake up ! Oh, for Heaven's sake, Miss Barbara, wake I felt some one standing by me, and roughly shaking me by the arm. I was wide awake in an instant. The room was in a blase of light, and the air filled with a suffocating smell of burning. "Oh, what is the matter ?" I cried, rushing to the window. "Fire! fire! fire !" Above the confused hubbub came to me the hoarse cry, striking a deadly terror to my heart. With one glance I saw a big crowd gathered on the lawn, and But just then a barst of wind sent a blinding cloud of smoke and sparks in at the window, hiding everything from my view. With smarting eyes and burning throat I drew back and hastily began to dress. While Martha helped me on with my clothes she told me that some of the outhouses had caught fire, and that there was danger of its spread ing to the house. Oh, the terror of those moments. None, save those who have experienced a similar alarm, can realise the sense of helplessness and peril. The house was deserted. All the servants but Martha had seized their belongings and fled. We tore through the deserted passages, and, finding the hall door open, rushed out into the night, joining the crowd of eager watchers. Frightened and con fused by the noise and smoke and the horrible smell, it seemed ages before we discovered my father. The engines had just arrived, and as we watched the men at work, my father told me in a dozen words how it had all happened. It appeared that one of the haystacks had caught fire, and the sparks being carried by the wind had ignited the barn and some of the adjoin ing outhouses. As the fire glowed hotter and hotter, Martha and I drew further back, and somehow became separated from him. The lawn, the trees, and the people's faces were lighted up with a strange, weird effect; and the sky, reflecting back the lurid glare of the bursting flasmes, seemed itself to be on fire. We seemed to have been watching for hours when, at last, the fire had almost burnt itself out, and the fierce glare had given place to an almost inky blackness of evil- smelling smoke and steam. The danger was said to be practically over, when the roof of the barn fell in with a deafening crash. The flames shot up again, and a shower of sparks and cinders was scattered in all direc tions. One burning ember came quite close to me, and another. "Oh I look!" I cried, excitedly, pointing in front of me. A tall, square-shouldered man was standing with his back towards me, and, with folded arms, was gazing in tently at the scene. He did not know that a spark had fallen on his shoulder, and, though it at once glanced off again, it had left a tiny red spot on the cloth, which began to smoulder and smoulder into a dull red ring, growing steadily wider and wider. Without pausing to think what I was doing, I seized my handkerchief, and, stepping quickly forward, dabbed it energetically once or twice on the burn ing spot. The man, not knowing what I was about, and naturally surprised at my sudden and unexpected onslaught, turned sharply round. " What the deuce--2" and then he stepped. As his eyes fell upon me, a curious change came over his face. " Great Heaven !" be cried, turning ashy pale, and starting back, as if to avoid a blow. "I beg your pardon," I said humbly, feeling I had taken an unwarrantable liberty. "It was rude of me not to have told you first, but your coat was burning, and I wanted to put it out. And-and-I am sorry, but I did not know you were so nervous." In an instant he had regained his self-control, and at once strove to put me at my ease. Then, for the first time, I noted how handsome he was, though by ne means young, but tall and broad, and of splendid propcrtions ; and with those keen, kind, grey eyes, which always inspire one with confidence. He thanked me for what he called my timely aid, and said it was Ah who owed me an apology for his strange be haviour. "No wonder yon thought me nervous," he laughed. "But you are exactly like some one I knew in the past, years and years ago; and your sndden and unexpected appearance, like a little white ghost," he said with a smile, "awakened and called to life a host of long crushed and painful re collections, which, until this moment, I had thought dead and buried in my memory." He gave a sigh, and passed his hand wearily across his forehead. Ifelt sorry for him. How he must have loved that girl like me, when he wrs young, for the remembrance of her, after so many years, to so strangely affect him-this strong, masterful man. ' Miss Barbara, master sent me to ask you if you would please see that some refreshments are provided in the kitchen for all the men who havehelped to-night." "Yes, Marths ; I will come at once," I answered. "Goo~d-bye," I said, turn ing to my strange friend, and holding out my hand, and then added shyly, "I am very sorry ycu are so unhappy; hut perhaps it will all come right some day." " Good-bye," he answered simply; but his warm, saong band-clasp was more eloquent than words, and, gazing for a moment or two very earnestly into my eyes, he abruptly turned away. I felt angry with myself, but before he released my hand I could not prevent a deep blush covering my cheeks, and as I ran across the lawn to the house, a choking sensation rose in my throat. and my eyes were full of tears. As I reached the hall door, I looked back, and saw him still standing as I left him. It was almost an hour after this, when, the fire being at last quite out, and all the people gone, father and I found ourselves in the study. With a deep sigh of relief, he leaned back in his arm-chair, looking very pale and exhausted. I mixed him a glass of whisky and water, and as he sipped it, I curled myself up on the great white bear-skin rug, and rested my head against his knee, As we sat thus, I was going over in my mind all the de tails of that eventful night. The fire had made such an impression on my brain, such a vivid picture, so awful, and yet so magnificent, that I think to my last day I shall never forget it. Then I closed my eyes, and must have fallen into a little doze, for father's voice roused me at last with a great start. "Come, Barbara, child, we must go to bed !" I sat up, and then we began to talk about the fire. I wanted to know whether it would be a great loss to us, and my father told me we were fully in sured but he thought it would mause him a deal of worry and inconvenience. Poor old father I What a busy life he led, and how I wished I could help him more in the parish. It was only four years since we came to Middingstone Rectory, and during that time father had worked wonders among his little flock. "Barbara," said he, as we were going upstairs, "did you see a remarkably tall, handsome man who was helping as to-night? He was not one of our people. Did you notice him ?" And then I told him about the man with the burnt coat, and how I had re minded him of some one he knoew years ago. " Perhaps he was the new man who has just taken Barton's farm. He seemed wonderfully strong and master ful, and without his aid I don't know what we should have done befere the engines arrived. I was surprised to see how the men obeyed his orders and looked to him for direction." "He cannot be the new farmer," I said decidedly, "for I am sure he was a gentleman." " Little enthusiast," said father, laughing, and pinching my ear. " What arts did he employ to make you so interested in him But, seriously," he aided, "I hope I shall see him again, to have an opportunity of thank ing him." A month passed by, and the excite ment caused by the fire had quite cooled down. I had not seen anything more of my mysterious friend, and though I sometimes thought of him at quiet moments, as when I was arranging flowers for our table, and felt I should like to see him again, I had given up all hopes of doing so, and concluded that he had left the village altogether. One morning I was up in the lumber room, looking for some chintz. I could not find it anywhere, so called Martha to bring the steps, as it might have been put on the high shelL After some time I found the parcel, and was just taking it down when another smaller one fell forward and dropped on the floor. There was a little crash, as of broken glass. I quickly descended the steps, and at once undid the parcel, to see what was in it. I gave a little cry of surprise and pleasure, and Martha came forward to see what I had found. "Oh, how lovely !" I exclaimed. "It is a pity the glass is broken, but the flame is all right! " I looked at Martha, expecting some response, but, strange to say, she appeared very serious, and looked nncomfortable-even guilty. " Oh, Miss Barbara, the master will be so angry with me l I put it up there, and thought no one would ever see it. And now, you, miss, of all people, have gone and found it." Poor old Martha looked so doleful that I could not help laughing. "Never mind, you dear old thing," I said. "Now just sit down, and tell me all about it." But Martha did not speak, so I began to help her. "Now, first of all, who is this beanti ful girl?" I asked, looking at the portrait. "Well, Miss Barbars, I suppose you will not be happy till you know all about it, now," she said remorsefully," so per haps I had better tell you, or you might go asking the master." "Yes," I nodded; "go on." " Well, mise, it's a longish story, and I shall have to go back a long way to make you understand all about it" The substance of what she told me was this: About seventeen years before, my mother died, and Martha came to live in our family as nursemaid to me, then a tiny baby a few months old. Besides myself, there was only one other daugh ter, a beautiful girl of eighteen. At that time, my father bad a pupil, a young man of nineteen, handsome and clever, and a great favourite with every one, but being a younger son of a very large, aritocratic, though impoverished family, he was not very well oL This young gentleman fell in love with my sister, and they became engaged. It was about the time the gold fever was raging, and everybody was going to Australia to make their fortunes, and my sister's fiance?, whom Martha called Mr Rex, was determined to go too. He went, and from time to time my sister got letters from him which were not always very hopeful. He seemed to be dieappointed, but said that in time he hoped for better luck. At last, about three years after he had left her, he wrote saying he had made his fortune, and was coming home by the next mail. But during his absence another suitor had offered himself for my sister's hand, and, as he was very rich, she accepted him, unknown to my father, and two days before the arrival of Mr Rex she eloped I Father's rage was unbonnded when her flight was dis covrered, and when Mr Rex returned, happy and eager to claim his bride, he was obliged to tell him the truth. Poor Mr Rex was heart-broken, and after a few days in England returned to Australia, and father had never heard of him since. He had loved him almost as his own son, and directly he had gone back father ordered my sister's portrait to be taken down from the wall and burned, and he further forbade her name to be mentioned again. But Marha, who had received the order, not liking to burn the portrait, had kept it hidden in her possession for years, and when at last we moved to Middingstone, she hid it away in the lumber-room where I found it. " Poor Mr Rex I " I said, when she had finished. "How could she be so cruel ?" I looked again at the pictured face, and could scarcely believe that such loveliness could hide so hard a heart. "Do you think I am at all like her?" I asked timidly. Martha did not answer for a minute or two, and looked at me very critically. At length she said: "No, miss. Though I love you very dearly, and would not for one moment have you altered, you certainly are not so beautiful. She was a glorious young lady, and there was about as much difference between you two as between-between a pretty little kitten and a handsome tigress I Begging your pardon," she hastened to add. "Ahem," I remarked, feeling con siderably smaller than usual. "Oh and, Martha," I said, packing up the picture and preparing to go, " what be came of her?" " "Abh, miss, she was soon punished for her wickedness I She had not been married more than a year when she eaught small-pox and died in Florence." It must have been nearly six months later that father and I were staying at Folkestone. He had been ill for two months, and now we were trying what sea air would do for him. He was looking better - in fact, almost his own bright self again-when one morning as we were walking along the parade, who should come up to us but old Lady Glinn, one of our Midding stone neighbours. " Oh, Mr Tempest," she cried, " how pleased I am to see you looking so much better. The people at home are just pining for you to come back, so you must make haste and get quite strong. And have you heard the news ?" she rattled on. " Ah, Miss Barbara. some thing that will interest you, I'm sure. All our young people are just wild with excitement. Middingstone Towers is let, and to a Mr Lutterell, one of the Lutterells of Lnutterell Court, and one of the handsomest and the nicest and the richest unmarried men I have ever had the fortune to know. I intend giving a ball to introduce him to all the charming young ladies of my acquain tance, and if you are a good girl you shall come. But mind, it is a profound secret, so not a word about it to any one." And then the voluble little lady hurried away, and was soon lost to eight in the crowd. It was three o'clock in the afternoon, some days later when, armed with a book and some knitting, I made my way to the pier. I found my usual cosy corner, where I curled myself up out of the glare of the sen, and prepared to enjoy a long, lasy afternoon. The pier was almost deserted. My book and knitting lay unregarded in my lap, as, drawing my sunshade closely down over me, I closed my eyes and gave myself up to a delicious feeling of restfulness. Suddenly I was disturbed by the sound of approaching voices. As they came nearer I recognised Lady Glinn's, and not feeling in a mood to appreciate her ceaseless chatter, I sat very still, hoping she would pass withunt seeing me. As she passed I just peeped out from my ambush, and saw that she was accompanied by her daughter Mabel and a tall, soldierly-looking man, whom I had not seen before. They went on and took their places just round the corner of the pavilion, where I could not see them, though their voices came to me quite distinctly. " Now, Mr Lutterell," Lady Glinn was saying, "I am going to give a hall for your special benefit, and shall invite all the nicest girls I know, so that yeo will have every opportunity of choosing a wife. For, really, it is an absurd idea to have a grand old place like Midding stone Towers without a mistress to do its honours." "Oh, mother, dear!" said Mabel, horrified. "Nonsense, child," replied her mother, "it is only right for me to say what I do, for sooner or later Mr Lutterell will find that without a wife to look after his interests, in a big house hold like that he will be chested right and left." Mr Lutterell gave a low, pleasant laugh, and, thanking Lady Glinn for her kind interest.in him, assured her that his long residence in Australia had folly tanght him how to look after himself. "So this is the new master of Middingstone Towers," I thought, craning my neck in the endeavour to get a glimpse of the interesting pereonage. But I was not successful, and then, taking up my work, I began knitting industriously for some time. Presently I looked at my watch, and finding it was nearly four o'clock, I rose to go. I gave a little cry of annoyance, for I found I had dropped my ball of wool, and as lack would have it, it had rolled right in front of where Lady Olinn and her friends were sitting. Just at that moment, Lady Glinn discovered it, and, as she pounced upon it she turned to me, saying: "What, Barbara I you here? Well, I am pleased to see you. May I introduce Mr Lutterell to you ? Mr Latterell-Miss Barbara Tem pest." He came forward with a bright smile of welcome, and as he held out his hand to me, I was wondering who it was he reminded me of, when he said, " Have you forgotten me, Miss Tempest, and my burnt coat 7" "Oh, no," I said, suddenly remem bering as I took his outstretched hand. "I have not forgotten you; but you look so different now, that for the moment I did not recognise you. But I am very pleased indeed to see you again," I said warmly. "Then you two have met before ?" said Lady Glins, somewhat disappoint d. "Why did you not tell me, Barbara ?" "Because, dear Lady Glinn, I did not know that Mr Lutterell and our friend at the fire were one and the same person: and besides," I said, glancing up at the tall man at my side, a little puzzled, " I hops you will not be offended, but I thought you were quiti an elderly gentleman that night." At this they all laughed, and he sai, : "I am not surprised at you thinking that, for when I got home my face we so blackened that the servant who opened the door to me said that if he had not recognised my voice he would not have let me in." Thus chatting, we left the pier, and made our way back to the Lees. Mr Lutterell was a brilliant talker, and without appearing to monopolise the conversation he kept us well enter tained until we reached the gate of Lady Glinn's house. Declining her invitation to come into tea, I said good-bye to them all. Mr Lotterell also excused himself, saying that if I would allow him, he would like to accompany me home and see my father, for I had told him how sorry he had been not to have thanked him for his help. Our house was not much higher up, hut by the time we reached it I found myself talking to him as freely as if I had known him all my life. "'Father, dear," I began, as we entered the room together, " I have brought Mr Lutterell to see you-" but the words died upon my lips as I noted the expression of joy and surprise upon his face " " Rex I Rex! my boy I" he cried, rising and holding out both hands to him, " Welcome I thrice welcome home again-after many days." I slipped quietly away and ran upstairs to remove my hat, for it had slddenly dawned upon me that Mr Lutterell was father's former pupil, whom my sister had so cruelly wronged. As I re-entered the sitting-room a few minutes later, father was saying, "You cannot think what a weight of anxiety is lifted off my mind at seeing you here to-day, well and strong, and happy; for I have never forgiven myself for what you suffered at our hands" "Mr Tempest," cried Mr Lntterell, generously, "please do not think any more about it. I was a boy then, with a boy's wild-infatuation, and, after all, perhaps it was for the beat; for, though the disappointment was very bitter then, I can see now, with my mature judgment, that it was the means of making a man of me. And I tell you frankly," he finished, as his eye caught mine, "that now, if the time were to come over again, I would not have it otherwise." Just then the servant brought in tea, and with ready tact Mr Latterell turned the conversation to livelier topics, and before we had finished tea we were all chatting cheerily together. For years I had never seen father look so happy, or heard him talk so well, and we both ex perienced a feeling of regret when Mr Lutterell took out his watch and said it was time to go. And then, with a pro mise to meet as on the rrorrow, he took his leave. A week had passed since the arrival of Mr Lutterell, and that week had been to me the happiest time of my life. Every day he had spent with us, bring ing books or fruit or flowers, and always planning some pleasant outing for us, and every day I grew to like him more and more, and father never seemed happy when he was out of his sight. One evening we were all three sitting at the window, watching the people passing to and fro, when Mr Lutterell proposed a stroll on the front. " Well, I have some letters to write," said fatner, " but take Barbara out for a little turn, Rex. It will do you both good, aid if I have finished before you come back I will come out and join yon." I rushed upstairs for my hat, and in a few minutes we were on the parade, and I could feel the soft air on my hot face. My heart was beating wildly with pleasure and excitement, for this was the first time, since Mr Lutterell's arrival, that I had found myself alone with him. "How tall and big he looks I' I thought proudly, as I walked along by his side, " and what an insig nificant little girl he must think me I" He took my hand and placed it through his arm, as we found a difficulty in keeping together on the crowded parade. We kept silence for some mo ments, neither of us feeling in a mool for conversation, though I was perfectly happy and content. Wehad left the band-stand far behind, and had got away from tbe throng of people, when suddenly he stopped, and led me towards a seat at the edge of the cliff. It was a beautiful night, with a full, bright moon shining upon .the sea, and making a bright path of silver, leading away across the wa.ers straight up to heaven. To our left I eould see the pier, with its many colored lights, looking like some fairy island. Presently Mr Lutterell said, rousing from his reverie, " This has been a very happy week for me, but, like all plea sant things, it has come to an end I" "Why I"' I said quickly. "You are not going home to-morrow P" "Home ? No, little one, I have no home. But I am going back to Mid dingstone Towers to-morrow-a great empty house." I glanced up at him, and, seeing the pained look in his eyes, guessed he was thinking of my sister. Presently he went on, "The nearest glimpse I have had of home, for twenty years, has been in this happy week at Folkestone." "Then why do you not stay P" I said faintly, trying to choke down the uInmp that was rising in my throat at the thought of his going saway. For not till that moment did I realise how dear to me he had become. He seized my hands, arid for one moment compelled me to look at him, I A hot blush dyed my cheek as I tried to draw my hands away, but he had. seen the tears glistening in my eyes, and, drawing me still closer to him, cried-" You are cryingl I My little girl! My little darling I Is it possible you care that I am going away ?" I tried to speak, but the words would not come, and big, hot tears chased each other down my cheeks. He took my head upon his shoulders, and soothed me as he would a child; and then he told me how he loved me, and asked me to be his wife. And, as we sat in dreamy enjoyment of our happinees, the minutes flew un heeded by, until, with a start, I looked ronnd and became suddenly aware that the parade was almost deserted. "Oh, come," I said, jumping up at once. "father will think we are lost." Then, hand in hand, we hurried home, and, as we paused breathless at the gate, father came out to meet us. It was needless to tell him what d happened, for, seizing Rex by the hand and drawing me close to him, he cried " I shall not fear to lose my daughter now, for I know in you, Rex, I shall find a son." 