THE WIDE WORLD. The district tribunal of Kazan, sit ting temporarily in the town of .Mama dysh, has, by a final verdict of acquit tal, closed the proceedings, extending over a period of four years, in the cases of the seven persons accused of having murdered, by decapitation, a peasant named Konon Mativunine. Their ob ject was stated to be to offer a sacri fice to idols, the worship of which, min gled with certain Christian beliefs, still survives in the province of Vyatka. The body of the victim was found lying by the roadside near the village of Starala-MIoultana on 1Sth May, 18502. The accused persons are inhabitants of that village, and the manner in which the murder was committed correspond ed exactly to the customs of the pagan sacrificers. There were in the first in stance 11 persons charged, but three have been acquitted since the opening of the prosecution, and one has since died.. 'Light" publishes a story of a famous preacher in America which is probably true. It contains at least a good deal of 'truth. The question "Where is Heaven?" was put to Sam Jones by one of his wealthy church members in Geor giia whose cotton crop yielded him some 20,000dols. the last year. " Where is heaven?" said the rich planter. "I'll tell you where heaven is," said Mr Jones, "'if you will go down to the village and buy fifty dollars' worth of groceries, put them in a waggon. and take them to that poor widow on the hillside,who has three of her children sick. She is poor, and is a member .of the church. Take with you a nurse, and someone to cook their meals. When you get there, read the Twenty-third Psalm and kneel by her side and pray. Then you will find out where heaven is.": The popularity of swimming as a rc creation for women has made amazing strides during the past few years, and some of the most enthusiastic votaries of the pastime are to be found among the Royal Families of Europe. The Em press of Austria is, perhaps, the cleverest of all amateur lady swimmers,. and has been known to perform some remarkable natatory tr!cks. All the princesses of the Austrian reigning family .are good swvimmers. Our own Queen:and all her daughters learnt to swim, and the Princess of Wales, her three daughters, and the Princess May are extremely fond of the wafer. 'The German Empress and the sisters of the Emperor are fine swimmers, and so is the Queen-Regent of Spain, who excels in all manner of feats in the water. A man named Cfaire, an enameller, who had appealed against a sentence! of two years' imprisonment passed on him for cutting off children's ears, was tried again in Paris. He had nothing less than a'mania for depriving child ren of their ears. His way of proceeid uing .ws if-.lie saw a boy in a lonely place, to go tip to him and say, "'hat's. the matter with "your ear?. It's bleed iug. Just let the see It." Then taking hold of the ear he cut as much of it off as he could with a razor that he car ried in his coat sleeve. Sometimes he amputated only the lobe, but he was able to carry off six ears from as many different heads. He operated in the broad daylight. The tribunal added three years to the original sentence. Moire expressed astonishment at the judge's. severity. A new calling has been brought into existence by ghosts: and -Mahatmas chiefly the former-as the latter always fight among themselves, and initiate the public . into their mysteries by family quarrels. .With reference to the story of the ,haunted house at Peterborough. a gentleman who calls himself "A Haunted House Expert," expresses his readiness ,to clear that particilar building, or any other, of all the spirits which maybe therein quick er than lightning. He says he has been honored-with the patronage of the no bility and gentry of various cduntries, and has been successful in extirpating some of the oldest ghosts,in the king dom. A "ghost-killer" must be quite a charming and pleasant occupation. Soile details are to hand of the wed ding of IKhama, the bare fact of which was announced some time ago. The ce remony, wasperformed at Palapye by ir WTWilloughby, the missionary who came to England with him. The Chief had gained sufficient insight into the ways of his country to know how a func tion of this character should be carried out He appeared at the' altar dressed in a frock coat and light trousers and a white tie; while his bride, a young woman of about twenty, wore a white satin, with a tulle veil and orange blos soms. Afterwards the guests met at the house of the missionary, where the oc casion was becoiningly celebrated, the chief attraction being a great wedding cake. The wedding ceremony took place at .the abnormally early hour of nine o'clock, ? - - . The cycling mania at Berlin has just reached the schorcher stage,, and corn plaints are made on every side to the paternal government to stop, oh stop! the cyclists in. their mad course. Only a'few' "radler" have reached the emi zient position wherein, for their "beauti fully slow" riding,-, they are praised by one and all, and held up as examples in the newspapers. As to ladycyclists in Germany, the South is, as usual, far ahead of the North, and, while at Frank fort, Munchen, and all the Other large towns in the South, the woman-cyclist is in no way nioldsted by having an undue amount of .public. attention paid to her, she.is still the lauphtng-stock of Berlin, and very far from attaining to the eminence of the British St. Bicycilla. But then, what can be expected in a town like Berlin., where no woman is allowed to rlde.on the top of an omni bus? :' 'TPearson's Magazine" for June (Lon don), lhas a livrely article on Rudyard Kipling's .ournalistic life in :Indian -It is' by" Mr E; Kay Robinison, who -was Kipling's editor on the "Civil and Mili tary Gazette," published at Lahore. The now celebrated author worked for years at proof reading, -scissors-and paste work. and the boiling down. of Government BlueBooksinto summnarics for publication. When he began to as tonishl people by hisi cle-erness:he ·ias urged to leave India and try' Fleet street. His reply always was that tile "Gazette" lhad taken him on trust-a boy fresh fromn school-and that he would serve it loyally, like Jacob in tlhe Tilble. for his full seven years. He made 'riends among all kinds of natives,' and many of them looked upon himu as a very superior sort of Sahib. His Der ception was keen, as it is still. remark ably quick. IHis mind iphotographed, as it were, passing events that could have any future utility for reference or allusion. A pleasing incident. In which his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales played a prominent part, oc curred on he fOaks Day at Epsom. An Intelligent little fellow, who could not have been more than eight or nine years old, was hoisted up in front of the Royal enclosure, and on a large sketch block, with a piece of crayon, he produced striking portraits of such celebritles as the Queen, thie Prince or Wales, tile Marquis of Saltsbury, andl others with marvellous rapidity. A larghe audience of well-known patrons of the Turf quickly gathered round, and showed their appreciation of the childes abilities by a shower of shillings. The Prince, who had witnessed tile perform ance from a distance, was 5o delighted with the child, thnt hle smilingly came forward and gave him a sovereign; amid loud cheers. The boy raised his cap in response to the Prince's generosity, the bell rang, the officers of the law pressed forward and shouted " Clear the course!" and the young artist was car ried away vkih the tirong. Smithers: "I w-ish someone would teach me to save money." Miss Hope: " Oh, Mr Smithers, this is so sudden." 