NEE !DEES: | '"Short, Sharp, Shiny." Zoo. Muggy. v Circus. Cricket. Port races. Cyclorama. Boxing Day. Thunderstorm. Not much rain. Cinematographe. Bush fires in Gippslaud. Our national holiday on Mondav. Commemoration Day on Monday. A real Australian Christmas Day. Strike of compositors in Melbourne. The plague is spreading in Bombay. A family burnt to death in Gippsland. Country cricketers on th^ oval to-day. Living pictures at the Theatre Boyal. The Theatre will be reopened to-night. Yesterday was observed as a strict holiday. Archdeacon Drench has been created a canon. A good programme at Cheltenham Park to day. The old year getting into the sere and yellow leaf. Spaniards beaten by natives of Philippine Islands. The Christmas Chronicle lias been completely sold out. The rain occasioned a stampede at the oval last night. Gaudaur, the champion sculler, challenges the world. The Governor and family leave for Tasmania on January 1. Threeconvicts escapedfrom Dartmoor prison. One shot dead. No signs of distress in Bundle-street on Christmas Eve. Crackanthorpe, the author, found drowned in the Biver Seine. Beligious services in mo3t of the city churches yesterday. It is proposed to send two South Australian riflemen to England. Mr. C. I1'. Whitridge will preach at the Y.M.C.A. this evening. The Broken Hill South Company has de clared its first dividend. A South Australian snowstorm greeted holiday-makers last evening. South Australian riflemen wish to be repre sented in England next April. ^ Candidates for the Eederal Convention be ginning to announce themselves. Annual picnic of the inmates of the Home for Incurables at GleneJg to-day. Mr. Leu mane sang " Wo have turned," and the audience bolted for the pavilion. The crowd in Bundle-street on Christmas Eve supposed to be the largest on record. Nearly all the members of the Ministry will he candidates for the Federal Convention. Jones, the bowler, has secured an engage ment from the Cricketing Association for 12 months. When the Governor goes to Tasmania his Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut will act as Deputy Governor, Mahomet, the wonderful talking horse, will to-night renew his acquaintance with the Ade laide public. " There may be distress in the colony, but it has not been in evidence in the city during the last few days. ° Earl Kussell is having a bad time. His house was burnt dov/n ana now he is threatened with sudden death. J. McKenzie will take the place of A. H. Jarvis as wicketkeeper in the match against victoria next week. Eor more than 16 years A. H. Jarvis has played in first-class cricket matches, and now has to stand aside for McKenzie. According to custom the. Police Band dis coursed music, in the quadrangle of the Go vernment offices on Thursday afternoon. Germany, it is believed, intends spending more 011 her artillery because the Krerich have decided to equip their army with new Canet guns. CLEANINGS OF HUMOR. Maud—"Wliat is the height of your ambition, dear?" Marie (blushing)—"Oh, something, between five and a half and six feet." ' New Woman—"! need a change. The doctor says my life is too monotonous. I need excitement." .Husband—"Try staying at home." Teacher—""What does the reign of Bin"' Charles I. teach U3?" Tommy—" Please, sii° not to lose our heads in moments of excite ment, sir." Pompous Counsel—"Understand me, sir, I have been the means of sending many a man to prison." Subdued Client—" Were you for the defence ?" ; Judge -"Colonel, I understand you are acquainted with warfare in all it3 forms?" Colonel—"No, Judge—no; not in all of its forms. I'm a bachelor." Irish Merchant—"You want a situation as a herrmg-packer? Have you had any expe rience i Applicant—" Yes, sir; for two years I was conductor on a tramcar." The Visitor (viewing tlrn new baby)—"Do you think he is going to resemble his father?" The Mother—"1 shouldn't be surmised. He leueps me up every night." Wife—"Why don't you go to work.' Tramp—"I would if I had the tools." i aruier s \V ifti-—64 What sort of tools do you want? .Tramp—"Knife aud fork." Mrs. Henpeclr (reading)—"Here's a poor fellow arrested fur manslaughter the day before he was going to be married." Mr. H. some fellows are burn lucky." Crusty Old Chap—"A couple of poached eggs on toast please; but—mind, they niust be fresh. Waiter—"Certainly. We'll make the toast first and get the hens to lav the on the toast." Husband " I suppose Mrs. Brown enjoyed her trip on the Continent?" Wife—"Very much; but she s delighted to be home again." Husband—'Nodoubt. This is the place to talk about it. Bobbie—"Mother, were all the bad men destroyed by the Elood?" Mother—"Yes my son.' Bobbie (who has just received a whipping from his father)—" When is there going to be another flood ?" Eobbs (to friend in restaurant)—"I sav Nobbs, how's business?" Nobbs-"Great. Never saw sucha rush. No time to sleep, and even behind m meals. That was day before yesterday's lunch I just finished." Curate—"How is your husband, Mrs. Ballyhooley?" Mrs. B.—"Oohone, the doc thor he says that if Pathrick lives till the morning there 11 be some hope; but if he don't then sure we must jist give up hope." ' After that, ' remarked the young man who had been telling an inane ghost story, " my mind was a blank." "That accounts for it," commented a sharp young woman, and there was an interregnum of profound silence. That was a triumphant appeal to an Irish lover of antiquity who, in arguing the supe riority'of the told architecture over the new ?a,ciT " Where will you find any modem build mgthat has lasted so long as the ancient?13 Jmks—"I never saw a, house where every thing ran so smoothly as at Broadgriu's." Minlcs "Yes; lucky fellow, Broadgrin. iie s got a wife who knows how to keep the servants amused while she does all the work." .Tommy • ^ What does the paper mean, papa, by saying that Mr. Tomlinson, bore the loss of his handsome property bv fire verv -ohi losophically?" , Tommy's Pa—"Umphl It means that he was insured for mora than its value. Professor Do you know, madam, there was a time when men wore corsets, but thev found they were injurious to health, and so—— Mrs. Wrongrighter—"Yes. And so they gave them to their poor, weak help less wives and daughters." Little Boy (writing composition)—"I want to use that saying that's in our copybooks, but I can t remember it all—' Man glories in his strength, woman glories in ' What's the rest, I wonder?" Little Girl—"Let me 6eo. Woman glories in her—ber hat.9 33 Pedantic Old Gentleman (to restaurant waiterK- I believe it is improper to speak dis Mpectfully of one's elders?" Bestaurant Waiter—'bo Pve heard, sir." Pedantic Old Gentleman Then Pll be silent concerning he duckling you have just brought me." Professor (describing an ancient Greek theatre) 6 And it had no roof.39 Junior (feel ing sure thnthe has caught the professor in a mistake)—"Whatdid they do, sir, wheu it rained?" Professor (taking off his glasses and pausing angrily)—"They got wet, sir."1 "It seems to me, Maria, that we've had nothing but ham, ham, ham for breakfast all this week," remarked Mr. Brently. "You forget another thing we've had, Bobert," re plied his better-half quietly; "we've had growl, growl, growl for breakfast every day too." fZj A friend called on a worthy divine, who had been offered a bishopia The daughter of the house met him at the door. "Is your father going to accept it?" he enquired. "Well," the young lady replied demurely, "father is pray ing for guidance in the library. Mother is packing upstairs." . . The old man sighed as he took the golden? haired laughing little boy upon his knee and stroking his shining tresses, said—"Ah, how much I should like to feel like a child again." Little Johnny ceased his laughter, and looking up mTiis grandfather's face remarked—" Then why don't you get mamma to spank you ?" Visitor—"I'd like to get you to take the agency for our anti-tobacco preparation. It is warranted to cure the taste for tobacco in every- form." Dealer—"But my business is to sell tobacco in every form. Can't you see this is a cigar shop?" Visitor—"Exactly. You come in contact with the very people who need our specific." Editor—" No, my dear sir. As a posthu mous poem these verses would be good; but I do not see my way clear to publishing them just now." Poet—"But what advantage I would it be to me to have them published after i my death 5" Editor—"I cannot say, my dear sir- But a posthumous poem is especially valuable m the fact , that it assures the reader i .hat no more will be written by the same utnor." 