Christmas in the Country. All beaming with blessings, and ever so welcome, Old Chrisimas comes smiling to every land ; He bears on his bosom the light of the ages, And carries the tokens of peace in his hand. And just when the silence of evening is spreading, And locusts are crooning 03 mountain and plain, He comes aud unravels the scenes that Lava j vanished, . And voices of friendship speak over again. J Away in the distance — nigh lost iu the shadows — Are snows of old Euglaud aud holly and fires ; And wanderers coming along for their Christmas Are clasped to the bosoms of matrons and eires. But now the scene changes — a farm in Australia. The cow-boy is chasing the calves as thev run, While women are calling to bail-up the milkers And stop with their nonsense and lot them get done. Soon glistening milk-pails, with foam flowing over, As white as the snowflake and fresh as the morn, With setting of cream pans, aud rolls of fresh butter By dainty young maidens as ever were born. The milking time over, they stand as a vision, Those girls in their riding-skirts, dainty and trim, While up frou^jthe paddock away in the distance The cow-boy rounds ?' Chailie ' and ' Neddie,' ?- and ' Tim.' And off in a canter we'go for the letters. The post will be open and tea will be soon, And father i6 hungry and mother is waiting. O, sweet country Christmas, thy cheer is a boon. The table is groaning with all kinds of dainties, We silently offer thanksgiving and praise Ere taking of bounties' our Heavenly Father Has given to help us to walk in His ways. And oft in ths silence of years of remembrance These visions and pictures unfaded appear, Like ghosts of the blessings that pass us unnoticed, Tet still to our being unspeakably dear. Some dear ones are covered with daisies and blos soms, . And some now are grand-dames, quiet and grey, Tet memory crowns the sweet scenes of their child hood With wreaths of eternity fragrant and gay. And Mary and Jeanie, now grown into maidens, Weave garlands, this Christmas for weary and sad The fruit of their doings redounds to the glory Of Him whose remembrance is maln'ng us glad. The Glebe. Eliza Pottie. ' It was by bein' too tender-hearted that I got here,' explained tbe gentleman behind the bars. ' 'Stid of takin' ail the feller had I left him enough to hire a lawyerand a jury on.' 