Ghosts and Garters. (Written:for--tue- "Town and Country Journal.") We liad beca ruining about the Araluen Valley far some, two o:v tb ree years, and ¡had shifted our quarters tx> thc Upper* Shoal- haven. Practically, -we had dulfered out at the Valley, aud>'hoped to recoup ourselves In what was .really new ground; but, so far, with but 'Indilïerent results. .Tack, however? was hopeful. "It'll come all right by and bye," lae said. And so it did1, «9 I am about to show. It was Christinas week, and bom of us were bent on a spell, but up to the 'time indicated had arrived at no definite plan of action. It was a blazing hot after- noon when «Tack banged down Ms pick with some sliow of irritation, though the most amiable of beings generally. "Look, here, Bob, ?what's the use of sweat- ing and stewing 'here «ny longer? Lot's clear omt at once, and Qiave a spell some-, where away from this eternal gravel-scratch- ing. The very rattle of the stones in the long-to ni almost drives me mad." I had often heard Jack say that there was no music so pleasant as the rush of the gra ' vel as carried down the to.m by clear run- ning water. But in this new version of his I thoroughly agreed. We were both tired out physically, and hopes long deferred had made both sick at heart. "Well, where shall we go? Have you. a place in view?" It may "be'worth mentioning ¡here that we had euougih cash to pay our way while in- dulging In a few weeks' rest, even though we should decide to ran round to Sydney by steamer-Which, ihowever, wasn't to be, for Jack had an idea of his own, which I saw he was ready to propose. "Do you remember that pretty homestead on the Clyde-the one I pointed out to you one day as being >a pretty subject for a pic- ture?" "I really forget. How long was it ago?" "When we first went up ito the Valley. But you forget. I don't, for some years ago tlie people there entertained me one night when I stood a fair chance of being bushed. If I remember rightly, there were three or four growing girls, who by this time should be buxom young woanen. There were no sons, and the father and mother wea-e then quite aged." "What, do you propose going there?" "No, not exactly; but to camp in the neigh- borhood, for I know there is some good fish- ing thereabouts, besides the chance of a wal laby or two. Anyway, it'll be a change; the scenery is splendid, and you may find some- thing worthy of both pen 'and pencil." My mate, Jack Bowderley, was no end of a good fellow. Worth, if he had his own, £5000 a year; "but being an independent young gentleman,'with ideas somewhat dif- ferent to Ms aristocratie mother, brother, and sisters In Loamshire, he had preferred roughing it in Australia. Iliad often describ- ed my liome on the Hunter, and had promis od !to take Jack ¡homo "with me when wo should make a rise; but as that had not yet come lo pass, I made ITO reference to our old plans, but at once acquiesced in his idea of a trip up 'the Clyde. . Prom the Upper Shoalhaven, where we were then located, across the country was no great task for us. We were .young and strong, and good bushmen, and the distance was not more than 50 miles <to Curra wan, and our goal was about midway between that small township and Nelligen. So it was simply a matter of stowing our long- tom and the few tools we had away in a free selector's hut- for which we promised to pay storage-shoulder our blankets and tent, and make a track almost due south. It was a rough .lourney, for we endeavored to make a bee-line, but was negotiated safely. We made the Clyde one afternoon, and se* lected a sheltered convenient spot to pitch our tent. .Tack said he knew his way about, although he confessed things appeared to have changed since he spent the nigM at Nooringal!-the name of the station where he had been entertained. Anyway, where we had pitched onr tent was wild enough, in all conscience, for not a ¡house or a fence was io be seen-all was t>ush, .right down to iixe water's edge.. However, by the time we had made tilings comfortable and. the billy of tea was ¿nade it was dark, so we sat by the fire-side, more for company than for warmth, and discussed our tea and damper, v.-'for"that;was all we had. Neither Jack nor myself were superstitious, but we confessed to each other that we had selected a most uncanny place for a camping ground. Uncouth and weiird sounds wor- ried us all the evening; first ¡it was the sad scream of the curlews, then the comical "ha, ha, toa's!" of the morepokes, diversified by an occasional splash in the still waters of the river and Ningee Numble Creek, which joined the river "just below where we were camped, and these suggested the bunyip and other aquatic monsters; while an occasional ¡rustle in the thick undergrowth of ferns re- minded us of 'the possibilities of snakes and monster iguanas. However, we smoked pur pipes in peace, loaded our double-barrelled fowling-piece and revolver, placed the toma- hawk in a handy position, and rolled the blankets around <us. I aon sure I was not asleep half the night, and once or twice got np to replenish the fire. Jack slept well, however, and in the morning when I called ' him to go with nie for a swim he confessed to being heavy with sleep. Having caught two or three small fish of the perch species and enjoyed our simple breakfast, we explored the locality, and saw at a distance smoke curling upwards from what was evidently a settlement. The river was broad, and the tide ran strong, and on the southern side we saw some Indi- cations of cultivation. The thing for us to do now was to find out a iiouse of some kind wihere we could procure bread. Beyond ¡that we could provide for ourselves with gun and line. We came upon the creek higher up, and found tho water pretty fresh-lu duo river dt was quito salt-and a chain of la- goons running northerly, lying, seemingly, much lower itibaji the bed of th© creek. The water in. these was beautiful, and the suav rounding« wea.1© decidedly romantic. Both.' river and creek were in sight, and dt occur- red to me that this would be the place to caimp. On pur way. back to the tent we took another ajoute, and-oh, joy!-came up- on a flat-botbonied canoe, ra-tiher the worse for wear, but still usable. It was moored to a sapling near a low mass of rock which looked like basait; and a little furllher on, partly hid by an o'erhanging shelf, was an old-slab hut. The roof was decidedly toad, but the walls and door intact, though it was windowless. The door was open and we went in; everything bore the appearance of it... »having been, a long time tenantless. Tiler© was no fireplace, but the posts of a couple of hunks were still standing firm ia .the ground. Three or four slheets of strin- gybark covered one end--the o (her end was open to the clear blue sky. It was clear that it ñad 310 occupier, and therefore there could be no harm in our taking temporary possession. "Just the thing, Roberto," said Jack; "and it you're of my mind, we'll take up "our quar- ters liare at once." "Agreed; it is very convenient, and, as fal- as appearances go, we are not likely to be .disturbed." Around1 the hut was a considerable clear space-quite lawn-like in appearance; and a few yards from the door, under a rock, was a rough fireplace. We were highly pleased wi'th our discovery, and set to work to re- move our belongings. Jack being a most expert fisherman, volunteered to trust him- self to the iirail bark, and navigate the la- goon's to the creek, fishing by the way, while I put the house in order, built np a fire, and prepared the mid-day meal, which I was able to do, for I knocked1 over two fine black ducks with a stick, and succeeded in reach ling them, with a long sapling I cut down; and hy the time my friend returned they were .roasting at the fire. "Why, man, what a savory smell is here! Have you turned Soyer, that you can pro- duce such a profound sensation on one's ol- factory organ?" "We are in luck's way, that's all. What äs your contribution to the feast, ruy noble fisherman?" "See here, lad," 'andhe threw at my feet a number of roots, which on closer inspection proved to toe sweet potatoes, while he held aloft, two fine perch. "Tihere has been a good bit of cultivation along the creek «it some time, and these things are growing wild over on the other side. But it ia all deserted- not a post to ibo seen anywhere. Anyway, let's to busi- ness. I'll clean .the fish-Why, you have made the humpy quite snug! Now, if we liad a nice fresh damper, a quart of milk, «nd a pat of butler we'd have a fons I lil. for a Lueullus." Truc, 'tlio small piece of damper that vis niaiiicd of our last baking was dry-dry as a clliip, and as ¡liard as a piece of lignum; but itliis Avas, after all, a small circumstance, fon- having both salt and lipper, as well as .tea and sugar, owr fish and .-fowl and baked swee. potatoes provided a repast, as Jack said, "lit for a gourmet." To detail how we spent our time the re- mainder of the day would .be wearisome. It was Saturday, I remember, and the fol- lowing Tuesday would be Christmas Day, and by that time wo hoped to have discover- ed some friendly selector who would sell us some bread, milk, 'nutter, and eggs. How- ever, the hut proved a most comfortable sleeping place, and I made up for my pre- vious night's broken rest by sleeping like a log all night, ?though the night bad been stormy, so Jack «aid, for ¡he had -been dis- turbed in the night, first by the storm oC wind and rain, and then, having 'had his sleep broken, lie ¡bad had dreamis-dreams so vivid that ¡he seemed quite word ed and anxi- ous. I endeavored to get from him the na- ture of his dreams, but he was strangely re- ticent, I thought-for my mate was of a most sanguine tempérament, aud almost in- variably o'erilowing wit'li good humor. Be- ing Sunday, we spent the day quietly, stroll- ing about, and I took two or three pencil sketches of oar hut, -the junction of the creek mid. the a'iveay and the lagoons. Jack was quite reserved aQL day, but round the fire at night he thawed perceptibly. "Do you know, Roberto, I believe this place is haunted-and that's why we find it deserted," said he, looking over nie, as it were, in a far-off manner. "Why, what did you dream of last night?" "Well, I can hardly define what it was I saw, or thought I saw, enter the hut by the doorway. They first came lo the Aviu dow--" "They! Whom dd you mean ?" "Wait a hit, sonny, all in good time. I was very restless after the first elan of thun- der, and remained awake with my eyes wide open for some time. Heavy drops of rain fell, and a flash of lightning came in at the door, and seemed to dart about all round the hut for some seconds. It was so bright that I could see everything, and looking at the open window I saw two figures in white -muilled up like the Turkish women one sees at Constantinople." "Were they women, do you think?" "As to their sex, I couldn't say-but I'll sAvear I saw beings of some sort at the Avin dow, anet when another flash came they were gone. Then. I fell asleep, and-well, 1 must have .dreamt it-bhe same muilled figures appeared to be leaning over both yon .and me, as if scanning our features. When I aAvoke there was nothing." "Strange-very! Jack, you're.not given to this sort of thing, or I should say you're mis- taken. HoAvever, we will admit that it Avas .a dream, but dreams, you know, aro very unsubstantial' 'things-unless roasting n'ï , black duck, perch, and sweet potatoes ho taken Julo consideration, und then the dream may partake of tue nature of a night- mare." "Don't chaff, Bob; I'm certaiu of the. dream, anyhow, and. if I should wake to- night,, and see anything in ruy waking mo- ments, I'll call you." "Good; that will be so impressed upon my mind that I'll be prepared for something. Let ns, however, take a good look round be- fore turning in, and guard, if we can, not only against surprises from the living,, but against ghostly visitants." It was a bright, starry night, and we \- " "..oui,. ouii-ijí jxigut, ana we °' made a circuit of our camp for a quarter ot a mile or so. Every thing was remarkably still; not the rustle of a leaf was heard, not tlie sound of cricket-or beetle, nor distant curlew. It was dead calm, and there was no sign rin tho 'heavens of approaching storm or atmospheric disturbance. Yet that night it. blew a perfect gale of wind, and the old hut seemed to sway to and fro to the blasts. One clap of thunder, as if a bolt had fallen alongside of us, and one flash' of lightning illumined the interior of the Ibut I looked over ait .Tack; he" was wide awake. "Have you seen anything?" I asked. "Have you?" . he queried. "No; but wait a minute."' I strained my eyes in the gloom, and it certainly appeared to me that the window - opening grew darker, and I li ear d Jack's voice. . "There!" he whispered, 'hoarsely. "Did you see?" I admitted that a. shadow appeared at the window, but it miglht.be nothing, and I ad- vised him to go to sleep. It is qnite-likely that my mind was a lit- tle excited, for between then and morning I dreamed that two long-robed figures were walking about the hut. When I awoke it was daybreak-light enough for me to soe that Jack's blankets were lying rolled up, and where he should have 'been was - nothing but the earthen floor. I lit my pipe, «nd considered the matter over a smoke. Had lit been, a little later I should have been quite easy, and con- cluded1 .tiliat he had gone for au early bathe, for ho was very fond of the water and a powerful 'swimmer. Any way, I dressed, and upon looking round the lint I missed his towel. "That's all right," thought I, "I'll go awl join him." I took my towel and walk ed towards the river, thinking he'd prefer the salt water. I had not gone far when I *. heard a low whistle, and looking in the di-' rec Hon of the sound I saw Jack. He held up his finger, as if in warning. When I reached him I saw an amused expression on his handsome phiz. "I've seen the ghosts." "Ghosts! . Where? Were there two of them, then?" "Yes. I expect they are there now.' "Where? Let us go and see." "No, Bob, it wouldn't he fair-it wouldn't, indeed. No, don't go; I will explain. It ?was quite accidentally that I saw them. And then he told me how, on his way to the riyer, he thought he heard a merry lauffh. and, standing still to listen, he heard voices not far from the hut. He followed «lA'vnnk under which the hut tue 1UC14. uiiutíj. vvuicu mc urn. was situate, and found quite a large sheet of water, apparently an arni of the lagoon which spread, out in front of our camp. He was pleased at the discovery, for the water appeared of greater extent and deeper-besides, it was a most i'omantic-looking spot, and proceeding further to see more ol' it, he saw "a sight to make an old man young," and lie rubbed his eyes to make sure that he was not still dreaming. The days of fays and fauns were over, but for all that a eight met his view which made him think that unconsciously we had pene- trated the land of sylvan god- desses, for disporting .in the still waters were two very substau tfrUooking young women. "You know, Bob, there's a picture down in the Art Gallery in Sydney which just fills the measure of my waking vision and, I'm afraid they saw me. I would like to see if they are gone, but by all the canons of good taste and honor, it wouldn't be fair. No, iet us go ou to the river and have our dip, and by that time they will have gone, and then we can have a look round at this lovely bathing place." We had our dip, aud while Wo natl our cup, auu wnne dressing Ave .heard the dull thud of horses' hoofs on the soft, marshy ground, and just caught sight of two female forms on horseback cantering away up tho valley to- wards where we had seen the smoke on the day of our arrival. "By George, they have seen us. What a pity!'' . "Why 7" I asked. "Well, tliey won't come again. I wonder if there is any connection between our ghosts and these two girls?" "Anyway, we'll (have a look at their bath dug, place. There can be no harm in that, now they're gone," was my evasive reilly. It really was a beautiful spot; ferns were of the loveliest, while the grass and moss was like velvet. Clearly, this was a regu- lar bathing place, for there was a rough seat nuder tho rock-on the o thar side ol' Avhlch was our hut-and a plank extended out into the deeper water. We had clearly made a discovery, though there could he no possible connection between these nymphs and our ghostly visitants, I thought. Jack was not so sure, however, and on our way to the hut he appeared to be revolving the matter in his mind. He was the .first to enter the hut, for I busied -myself wi Ch the fire, and while thus engaged an exclamation from him start- led me, and I made for the door to see the cause of it. He met me at the door and , greeted me with -the one word, "Eureka!'' and a burst of laughter. Ile 'held in his hand an article ot* female wear, about which much has been written, which is the chief ornament in a noble order, and whose motto is "Honi soit qui mal y pense." "Eureka!" again enies .Tack. "Well, having found it, take care of it-it may lead to your fortune, if not your happi- ness." . . "How-what do you mean?" "Well, I think you are in duty bound to lind the lady to whom this small buckle and ribbon belongs, and in imitation of a cer- tain king go down oil one knee aud present' it to her." . Our fishing was not successful, and just as we were about to give it up we were startled by seeing a hoy on horseback gal> loping up to us as iL' from the hut. The boy carried a basket, which lie held out to us as he pulled up. "Bo you lille coves what's- camped ia the old hut, yonder?" . "Yes, sonny, we be the coves." "Well, I was to give ye this basket. Miss Alice says you ken bring the basket back yerself," and he was olï before we could question him, having flrst placed the basket on the hank, seeing that we did not hurry to relieve him of it. The basket contained all the constituents of a good breakfast. "Milk, butter, eggs, fowl, tongue, scones, and bread. Why, Bob, our gili os ts aro sub- stantial after all. Let us sling fishing' and feed. What say you?" . Anyway, after some discussion it was de- cided that we should malte for the home- stead by following the creek. It was a long Avay round, but we arrived at -the outer gate .after a brisk walk of an hour, which-we could have shortened by one half had .we, gone direct. An old man was doing some- thing In the garden; an old lady was sitting in an easy ??chair knitting, and the place had an air of repose and comfort, though ex- ternally plain and homely. The old lady .? .saw ..-us, and called out in a feeble voice: "Alice, Alice!" Her call brought a fine, hand- some, dark-haired, fresh- colored young lady into the broad verandah. She looked at,us with a quizzical sort ol' expression, and then, . AV Mill a rich blush o'erspreadiug dior lovely face, she came lo the gate and asked us in. Having requested us to be seated, she left us, returning almost immediately -with ano- ther young lady. This stalwart young lass ? was fair, her bright golden hair being all about her. She was the picture of health and strength, and loveliness. Wo stammered out apologies for trespas- sing. "Oh, that was nothing,"' said the dark-haired one, who we soon detected was the lady of the manor; "but . why did you not come up to the house sooner?" We ex- plained somehow about not being present- able. Upon which they both measured us «uuicv i_jj/ujj. vviui¿u uutrj u-uin njcuamrtru uo . up and down, with critical eyes, smiled, and invited us ito inspect the garden, or- chard, and finally 'the drawing- room, in willah was a good piano, at which I noticed, .Tack's eyes glistened, for he was a splendid player. Miss Alice seemed to conjecture that he was, too, and asked him to play. "Since you have asked me, I can do no other than obey, though I would much pre- fer to hear you, or this young lady, play." They smiled as he took his seat and ran his long, brown fingers over the keys. He played .a wellrknown Australian air, and then a classical composition of some great European composer, finally asking our hos- tess 'to sing to his accompaniment, which she did, in a very rich contralto voice. My mate was praised for his performance, and most excellent relations were soon estab- lished. We were regaled with choice fruits, cool drinks, wane, and the wit and merry laughter of these two lovely young women, and. then Jack spoke of his having been there some years before. "Miss Alice" re men, bored the circumstance. Her father and mother were both dead; the old people on the verandah were very old friends of her father's, who were living on her bounty. Her younger sisters were in Sydney on a visit, and her companion was a cousin from Goulburn. She was mistress of the .proper- ty until her sisters wouh:Vbe of age, and then, probably, there would be a. settlement -at present the girls were her wards. The day passed all too quickly, and when we rose to go a little after sunset, both girls lamented that we had to go to such miser- able quarters, but intimated that we were to have no care about breakfast, but to como . over early. We did so, and spent the most enjoyable Christmas Eve-speaking for my- self-I had ever spent. And so Christmas Day and the next day, and for several days following, Nooringal! was our home. The girls-had found out my small virtues, ta- lents, or whatever they were, and both brush and pencil were applied vigorously to clean white paper, which they both declared was converted into masterpieces of art, though I could never see it. Then I sang old-fashioned ballads to either Miss Alice or Miss Isabel's accompaniment, sang buffo songs with Jack and duets with Isa- bel, and so passed the days, until I am afraid neither Jack nor myself cared" for the close of our idyll. But it had to be, and our last even iiig extended until a very late hour, for the moon was full. Not a word had been said about Jack's- waking dream of the bathers, thnno-fi flio ofhnat.a hnrl rvPfpn ."hpivn. though the ghosts had of ten been discussed, and the girls had laughed until they were almost ready to cry at our confusion. Still the whole affair was inex- plicable, for they had never heard that the hut was haunted, or that ghosts had the ran of Nooringah. Of course, there had been no more bathing- that we were aware of-at the haunted ground, nor had we any more ghostly visitors; as for our dreams, they were entirely dif- ferent. As we stood at the gate bid- ding these two lovely girls good night, they made us promise to visit them again before we left that part of the colony. "Now, mind you keep your promise, Mr. Jack Bowderley," said the lovely Alice, shaking her linger at my chum; while Isabel, in a very low voice, enjoined me in these terms: "And" you, Mr. Railton, must look me up some day at Goulburn." Did we keep our promises? Well, I received a letter from .Jack some two years afterwards. He wrote from Hobart: "We are enjoying ourselves immensely, Alice and I, and we hope that you and Isabel will join .us at Auckland, where we expect to be in about three" weeks." I showed .tuuiii. imv-t >vuciv«3. X äUUVVUU the letter to Miss Loevveston-that is ' to . say, Isabel-.who next day chang- ed her name to Railton,, and the same evening we left for Sydney, eu route for Auckland. We adi had a fine time ?of-lt in Auckland and other places of inte- rest in tho Dand of the Moa, and, having been among the natives in my younger days, the pakehas and their tall, strong wahines were always well received by them. One day, being down at Dunedin, Jack invited us. to inspect a relic of our Christmas camp at Nooringah. We stood round while he took . the tissue paper'from a silver- mounted mo- rocco case, which, when opened, disclosed a m arro AV blue band ot' stout silk, to which was attached a silver buckle, while on the. hnml 'faull' wna wnvknrl in vrn\i\ tills IflirPTifl; "Iloiii soit qui mal y pense." Cooyal 