EifRfimPflR-nflnwflfln. VAhl" Tlfie ejaculation is -capable of expres : Einp the whole gamut of the emotions from the abyss of despair to the pin- nacle-of-ecstasy, and it -was from some where near, If r.ot from the actual, sum- mit of the latter deliciously giddy height that Mrs Cranston uttered the significant monosyllable. Alone in the corner of her railway car riage, arrayed in Sorciere's latest and most chic creation, little Mrs Cranston revelled in the anticipation of a week of unalloyed delights and the proud con sciousness of crowned endeavor. It would have been difficult, as well as unkind, to seek to fix any number of summers upon the charming little colo nial widow. She herself was too astute to aid chronology by stray reminiscences, and the curious had given up endeavor ing to cull from her conversation stray facts on wbidi a. computation might be tiased. A couple of seasons ago Mrs Cranston had appeared oh the London horizon. Her credentials "were unmistakable, if not precisely patrician, and her banking account and credit were beyond suspi cion. She was herself pretty, in an ir regular, carefully cultivated, unconven- tianaie-kind" of JsbjoR,.. and she had achieved a ceratlh hihount of success in London" societyCTliatls lb say.' she was a persona grata among the portion of that society domiciled Just a shade above the "Fringe," that she was asked to the big crushes of a higher, grade still, and al- moE08iore(Dtiy tho, set which . to her held possession of the seventh heaven of earthly bliss— the set that is yclept "smart" By dint of strenuous endeavor, how ever, she had got in the thin edge of the wedge at Ascot, improved the occasion at Hentey, and finally worked up to the eummit'of ambition in getting an invitattoirto /spendAhe Goodwood week with -the MetUeships. To -belong to rfhe 3Tettleship house 'party for the Garwood week was to re ceive the diploma of smartness, after which the soul of Mrs Cranston han kered. For the Mettleships had a repu tation; tbeypever invited any one who ,was not in sc|ne way a celebrity. True, they- were not exactly as "particular as their great-grandmothers might have been as to the nature of that celebrity; but, however— for instance, on this occa sion the Vicomte de BatignolJes was to be their guest, and Mrs Cranston smiled as she reflected on the fact. The Vicomte was one of those men Vffco find it impossible 10 ceaj=e the sow ing of their gfld oats. TfceyJrtossom out again and again in goodJy crops when the seaspn of their sowing is long past, and 4his volatile gentleman had a few months before been the hero of a scan- dal in his own country which had given the leader-writers of certain papers in ours a golden opportunity of contrasting the conditions of morality existing <Jn JSrance with those enjoyed in. England;' <g)l the detailed accounts of the -case, while forming an excellent peg on which to hang a "We thank Heaven we are not as other nations are," were at tbe same AiDe as entertain tag to read as those , ndvels with alarming titles and graphic frontispieces which abound on foreign bookstalls. J3Che Vicomte,- however, was great on the Turf, and was, moreover, an old ac quaintance of the Mettleships, who saw no reason why the yearly, custom should bedeparted froni. Mrs Cranston's mind Swas much'exercised as to the foreign Lotharla. She had never met him; she knew only that he was no longer young, AhftfpPQ r credited ttmtji dyed hair HWd an' imperfect knowledge of English idiom; nevertheless, despite this meagre starting-point, Mrs Cranston had made up her mind to a flirtation with her fel low-guest It was just'the sort of thing' to give her a firmer footing in this inner circle of smartness. She was revolving all these things in her artistically dressed head while the tert-thymAg rtjqggepgers ..Ranted and aiobg the platform. Bhewas evi- ' dently to have her carriage to herself, a fact rather grateful to consider on such a .day as this, with the thermometer at eighty-five degrees. Just, however, as the guard reached the door, already hold ing It wide to give possibilities for a more emphatic bang, a gentleman — - " "Going by this train, sir? Get in then —here. We're just going — " "Put- — " 1 1 The rfest of the sentence of inquiry and litfftest was lost inn astonished "Sap- risti " the harmless passenger was shot pdl-mell into the carriage, barely $1$ving Mrs Cranston's, dainty, brown shoes in his if<£»c|» jnfcranceT ' j t/ "Quelp sawvages quahd heVx- laimedf as he gathered hlmself- together 15es\ fie could with the sodden lurch of dh'Jcfiitrgolng train, JiStSXfftttSftfSttSSZ ton's directions as soon as he had shaken himself ;intq ffie opposite ccfrnferseat. "Oh, it's-notklng! it was the guard's fault, npt yours," replied his companion gracioufel?k>a'teestdes,'You really did not hurt m£ , at all." » 4.1 . i Mrs-OraTiston-smned as she 'opened her nper, fever the leaves of wh'loh it was" possible! to take stock of her fellow-tra- a,small;idark cman. svlth'a care fully trimmed moustache,, many puck- ejrrquhd his quick; black eyes: and a stfmbwhat sallow complexion. With the #nind,hlch gathered force as her eyes glanced downwards: over 'tlie cravat (which had .not he , xecogplsed . Bond street tWtstV.'on 'the watch-Oialn some what lavishly displayed, and,- lowdr still, on tbe qiminutiye, highly-polished boots This was the -lcel4bfated Vicomte de Ba- tlgnolles, the hero of the Palais de Jus tice. Scarcely the physique to captivate an Englishwoman's heart, thought Mrs Cranston, but possessing doubtless a charm of manner more than compensat ing for mere external appearances. Balsing her eyes, she suddenly en countered the beady, black ones# of .her vis-a-vis fixed upon her; she smiled a little, and the inevitable remark about the window came to the rescue and open ed the fire. -"Mademoiselle was travelling also to .Chichester? He hoped that he was not Incommoding her with his presence." '--'Oh,, not at all!" "Franchement, however, the. Intrusion was not his fault; that savage of a guard Wnfl given him no choice." „ „ "Really, monsieur, do not be uneasy about it, I do not mind in the least. In- faeetl, a companion is always acceptable; it is so lonely travelling alone." "Pari'aitcment. was mademoiselle per haps going to stay for the races?" -,#Er:actly. That is what I am going down for. 1 am quite excited about it ; I've never been at Goodwood before." "No?" The beady eyes opened in am azement "I should not like to say how many , times I have been"— he added, with a shrug, .."a wise man does not count those .things/' Mrs Cranston laughed. "Oh! I am not at all blase- about anything, monsieur. I am looking forward with great delight to the. time. l am going to stay with Lady Mettldship." "Tiens!" and it seemed to Mrs Crans ton that there was a certain added inte rest !n the very deferential glance that he bestowed upon her perfectly gowned person. "Mademoiselle will have plenty of gaiety at Lady Mettleship; they an- quite — how do you say? — In the mouve- ment." > Yes, it was very flattering to be mis taken for "mademoiselle," but at the same time Mrs Cranston was desirous of letting him understand that she did not belong to that inexperienced section of her sex whom Frenchmen are especially supposed to shun — les -demoiselles' a'ma- rler. It suggested Itself to her to enlight en him, by the expedient of withdrawing "her glove; an operation which she set herself ostentatiously to perform, the conversation meantlmecontinuing in the necessary groove of banalities — the Vis- comte de Batlgriolles deferential, "cor rect" in the extreme; Mrs Cranston In a decidedly "coming on" disposition. "I trust madame will pardon roe my indiscretion," remarked the Frenchman, after a moment, "but her appearance misled me, and In this country les de-' moiselles voyagebt seules." Mrs Cranston laughed. "You 'are pardoned, monsieur; and for your penance 1 shall ask you -to help my maid with the luggage — she can't wrestle with English porters very suc cessfully " "I am entirely at your service, ma dame. But no doubt there are other guests going to Lady Mettleship who have come by this train. Madame will immediately find herself In pays de con- naissance?" "Possibly. Tou are not by any chance going to Wood Lodge too Her companion shook his head with a significant smlie. "No; madame; Lady Mettleship Is not of my world." Mrs Cranston uttered hn exclamation of amazement. "But I. thought " "No, I am going to the Due d'Omnlum; for years I always go to the Due." "Yet, surely. Lady Mettleship told me The Frenchman laughed softly. "Ah yes, last year Monsieur le Due lent me to miladi— a great favor. T went— but bon Dieu, what a house, quel bouchon!" The scornful expression in the depth of Its contempt was lost on Mrs Crans-, tion, but a frank disappointment was dis cernible in face and voice as she said; 1 "I am very sorry: every one will be dis appointed." A shrug from her companion. "Oh, as for that, the English know nothing of those things; they do not appreciate our art." "Art?" the question escaped Mrs Cranston in unalloyed bewilderment. "Dame! oul with us it Is art. madame." "I— I don't understand, what is?" "Put, the cuisine " "Cooking? "What have you to do with that?" . "K" the little man became an ani mated point of exclamation. "Madame, -I am Isidore Marmiton, patlsslcr and con confiseur, at your service." "You— you— then why— how— are you going to Goodwood?" "Because the Due d'Omnium is one of my clients. Because Goodwood would not be Goodwood, ipadame, without Isi dore Marmltou." Dignified bearing, profound bow, vi brating tones, all were lost upon Mrs Cranston. Luckily, while the latter were still echoing in the air, the train pulled up, and somehow, faint with mortifica tion. she found herself seated in tlie car riage Lady Mettleship had sent for her. while in her ears still rang the little man's dream-shattering words— "Isidore Marmiton. patissier and confiseur. at your service" — and the ghost of that dapper little man, with the diminutive feet and the aggressive watch-chain, haunted her with the awful fear of dis comfiture and ridicule all through the Goodwood week. — "The World." 