KATE CARNEM By IAN MACT.A~R.EN, Author of "Beside the Bonny Briar Bosh3 "Auld Lang Syne," &c.; [Published by epedjau arrangement with .the author All rights reserved»J .. m. Chapter V.—Concerning Besoms. It is one of the miseries of modern life,_foe which telephones are less than compensation, that ninety out of a hundred city folk have never known the comfort and satisfaction of dwelling m a house. When the sashes are flying away from the windows.and the skirting boards from the floor and the planks below your feet are a finger breadth apart and the pipes are death- traps, it does not matter that the walls are covered by art papers and plastered over with china dishes. This erection wherein human beings have to live and work and fight their sins and prepare for eternity is a fraud and a lie. No man compeUed to exist in such an environment of unreality can respect himself or other people ; , and if it c6me to pass that he holds cheap views of life, and reads smart papers, and does sharp things in business, and that his talk be only a clever jingle, then a plea in extenuation will be lodged for him at the Great Assize. Small wonder that he come3 to regard^ the world of men as an empty show and is -full of cynicism who has shifted at brief intervals from one shanty to another and never had a fit dwelling-place all his years. When a prophet cometh from the Eternal to speak unto modern times as Dante did unto the Middle Ages and constructs the other world before our eyes, he. will have one circle in his hell for the builders of rotten houses, and doubtless it will be a collection of their own works, so that their sin will be its punishment, as is most fitting and the way of things. • Surely there will also be some corner of heaven kept for the man who, having received a charge to build the shell wherein two people were to make a home, laid its foundations deep and raised strong walls that nothing but gun powder could rend in pieces, and roofed it over with oaken timber and lined it with the same, so that many generations might live therein in peace and honor. Such a house " was the lodge dn those days, although at last beginning to show signs of decay, and it somehow stirred up the heroic spirit of the former time within a man to sit before the big fire in the hall, with grim Carnegies looking down from the walls and daring you to do any meanness, while the light blazing out from a log was flung back from a sword that had been drawn in the '15. One was unconsciously rein forced in the secret place of his manhood, and inwardly convinced that what concerneth every man is not whether he fail or succeed, but that he do his duty_ according to the light which may have been given him until he. die. It was also a regeneration of the soul to awake in a room of the eastern tower where the Carnegies' guests slept, and fling up the" window, with its small iquare panes, to fill one's lungs with the snell northern air, and look down on the woods glistening in every leaf, and the silver Tochty just touched by the full risen sun. Miracles have been wrought in that tower, for it happened once that an Edinburgh advocate came to stay at the lodge, who spake after a quite mar vellous fashion, known neither in England nor Scotland; and being himself of pure bourgeois blood, the fifth son of a factor, felt it necessary to despise his land, from its kirk downwards, and had a collection of jape3 at Scottish ways, which in his provincial sim plicity he offered to the Carnegies. It seemed to him certain that people of Jacobite blood and many travels would have relished his clever talk, for it is not given to a national decadent to understand either the people he has deserted or the ancient houses at whose door he stands. Carnegie was the dullest man living in the matter of sneering, and Kate took an instant dislike to the mincing little man, whom she ever afterwards called the Popinjay, and so handled him with her tongue that his superiority was mightily shaken. But there was good stuff in the advocate besides some brains, and after a week's living in the Lodge he forgot to wear his eye-glass and let his ys out of cap tivity and attempted to make love to Kate, which foolishness that masterful damsel brought to speedy confusion. It was also said that when he went back to the Parliament House every one could understand what he said, and that he got two briefs in one week, which shows how good it is to live in an ancient house with honest people. " Is there a ghost, dad ? They were sitting before the fire in the hall after dinner—Kate in her favorite posture, leaning forward and nursing her knee. The veterans and I thought that she always looked at .her best so, with her fine eyes fixed on the fire, and the light bring ing her face into relief against the shadow. We saw her feet then—one lifted a little from the ground—and V. C. declared they were the smallest.you could find for a woman of her size. "She knows it, too," he used to say, " for; : when a woman has big feet she ' always keeps them tucked in below her gown. A woman with an eight size glove and feet to correspond is usually a paragon of modesty and strong on women's rights." "Kate's glove is number six and I think its a size too big," broke in the colonel—we were ~ all lying in the sun on a hank below the beeches at the time, and the colonel was under stood to be preparing a sermon for some meet ing—"but it's a strong little hand and a steady: _ she used to be able to strike a. shilling in the air at revolver practice." "Ghost, lassie. Oh, in the lodge, a Car negie ghost—not one I've ever heard of; so you may sleep in peace and I'm below if you feel lonely the first night." "You are most insulting; one would think I were a milksop. I was hoping for a ghost —a white lady by choice. Did no Carnegie murder his wife, for instance, through jealousy or quarrelling 5" "The Carnegies have never quarrelled," said the general with', much simplicity; "you see the men have been generally away fighting, and the women had never time to weary of them." " No woman ever wearies of a man unless he be a fool and gives in to her—then she f rows sick of him. Life might be wholesome, ut it would have no smack; it would be like meat without mustard. ' If a man cannot rule he ought not to marry, for his wife will play the fool iu some fashion or other like a run away horse and he has half the blame. Why did he take the box-seat ?" and Kate nodded, to the fire. " What are you laughing at V "Perhaps I ought to be shocked, but the thought of anyone trying to rule you, Kit, tickles me immensely. I have' had the reins since you were a bairn and you have been a handful. You were a 'smatchit' at 6 years old and a ' trimmie' at 12; and you a qualifying for the highest rank in your class." "What may that be, pray? it seems to me that the Scottish tongue is a perfect treasure house for impertinent people. How.Scots must congratulate themselves that they need never be at a loss when they are angry or even simply frank." • "If it comes to downright swearing, you must go to Gaelic," said the general, branching off. "Donald used to be quite con temptuous of any slight efforts at profanity * in the barrack-yard, although they siekenea me. "'Toots, colonel; ye do not need to he troubling yourself with such poor little words, for they are just nothing a.t all. and yet, the bodies will be saying them over and over again like parrots.' ........ " 'Now, aLochabarmanconld hef beensaying what he was wanting for fifteen minutes, and, nefer hef used the same word twice unless he had been forgetting his Gaelic. It's a peauti ful language, the Gaelic, when you will not he fery well pleased with a man.'" " That is very good, dad, but I think we were speaking in Scotch, and you have not told me that nice complimentary title I am living to deserve. Is ' cutty' the disreputable word ? for I think Pve passed- that rank already-; it sounds quite familiar." "No, ifs a far more, fetching word than 'cutty,' or even than 'randy1 (scold), whioh you may have heard." "I have," replied Kate instantly, "more than once, and especially after I had a y difference in opinion with Lieutenant Strange. •" You called me one or two namesthen, dad—in fact you were quite eloquent; but you know that he was a bad fellow and that the regiment* f was wellrid of him; hut I'm older now, and , I have not heard my promotion." . " It's the most vigorous word that Scots have • for a particular kind of woman." , ' "Describe her," demanded Kale. "One who has a mind of her own," began the General ■carefully, "and a way, too, who is not easily cowed or managed, who is not ..." * "A fool," suggested Kate. . " Who is not conspicuously soft in manner," pursued the General, with discretion, "who ' might even have a temper." . " Not a tame rabbit, in fact. I understand what you are driving at and_ I know what a model must'feel when she is being, painted, And now kindly pluck up courage and name the picture." And Kate leant back, with her hand behind her head, challenging the general1* —ifhedared. "Wei?": 1 " "Besom." And he was not at all ashamed, for a Scot never uses this word without a ring of fondness and admiration in his voice, , as of one who gives the world to understand that he ' quite disapproves of this audacious'-woman, wife or daughter of his, butis proud of her all the time. It is indeed a necessity of his nature for a Scot to have husks of reproach containing" kernels of compliment; so that he may let out his heart and yet preserve his character as an austere person, destitute of vanity and sentiment. -■ "Accept your servant's thanks, my general, I am highly honored." f And Kate made a sweeping curtsey, whereupon they both ■ laughed merrily; and a log blazing up sud denly made anold Carnegie- smile who had" taken the field for Queen ■ and • 'vph'- 'the • very man to have delighted in a besom. . . .. ' '"When-1 was here in June"—and the general stretched himself in a deep red leather chair—"I stood a while one evening watching a fair-bairedj blue-eyed little maid who was making'a daisy-chain and singing to herself in a garden. • Her. mother came out from the cottage, arid, since she did not see me, de voured-the child with eyes of love. Then something came into her mind—perhaps that the good man would soon be home for suppef; she rushed forward and seized the child, as if it had been caught in some act of mischief. ■ ' "'Come into the hoose, this meenut, ye little beesom, an' say yir carritches. "What's the chief end o' man ?'". " Could she have been so accomplished at that age?" Kate enquired, with interest. "Are you sure about'the term of endearment ? "Was the child visibly flattered ?" "She"caught my eye as they passed in and flung me a smile like one excusing her mother's fondness. But Davidson hears better things, j for as soon as he appears the younger members ] of a family are taken from their-porridge and! set-to theirdevotions. " 'What are ye glowerin' at there, ye little cutty ?" Toom (empty) yir mooth this meenut and say the twenty-third Psalm to the minis ter.• ; "Life seems full of incident, and the women make the play. What about the men ? Are they merely a chorus? " A stranger spending a week in one of our farmhouses would be ready to give evidence in a court of justice that he had never seen women so domineering or men so submissive ; as in Drumtochty. "And why? Because the housewife who sits in church as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth speaks with j "much fluency and vigor at home; and the man says nothing. : " His normal state is doing wrong and being scolded; from morning till night—for going out'without his breakfast, for not cleaning his boots when he comes in, for spoiling \- chairs by sitting'on' them with wet clothes, for spilling his tea on the tablecloth, for going away to market with a dusty coat, for visiting {the stable with his,- Sunday coat, for not speaking "at all to visitors, for saying things he oughtn't when he does speak—till the long-suffering man, raked fore and aft, rushes from the house in desperation and out side remarks to himself by way of consolation, 'Losh "keep's, there's nae livin' wi' her the day; her tongue's little better than a thresh ing-milL' ' "His confusion, however, is neither deep hor lasting and in a few minutes he has started for a round of the farm in good heart, once or twice saying 'Sail' in a way that shows a lively recollection of his wife's gifts." • "Then the men love" to be ruled," began Kate, with some contempt; " it does not give me a higher idea of the district." • "Wait a.moment, young woman, for all that goes for nothing except to show that the men allow the women to be supreme in one sphere." • : " In the dairy, I suppose ?" ' "Perhaps; and a very pleasant kingdom, too," as-1 remember it, when a hot, ■ thirsty, tired laddie, who had been fishing or ferreting, was taken into the'.cool, moist, darkened place arid saw a dish of milk creamed for his benefit by some sonsy housewife. (To be continued.) 