MISCELLANY. " BARBED WIRE."-An insulting telegram. THE GHOST OF A SHOW.-Hamlet'B father. A GBKAT DBAWINO CABD.-The porona planter. SUGGESTION FOE 4. NEW OBDEB.-C.B., Commander ol the Moyde. THE woret kind of bicycle face ia made by the boy who ia told that he can't have one. FLOKENOK-"What is the first thing yon bave to learn in goMl" Marion-" What to wear." HE-" If we were not in a canoe, I would kiss you." She-" Take me ashore Instantly, sir." There is a piano toner in Oklahoma who, when there are no pianos in sight, tightens up barb wire fences for the farmers. " EF yoh argifips wif er amaht man," said Uncle Eben, "yoh done eit de wust ob it, and If yoh argies wif er fool you done was'e yoh time." BUNX(reading modiste's sign)-Madame Macarth<5e, Pans, I/ondrea, New York.' What a queer way to spell laundress I" How HE TOLD THE TIME.-Husband, in the early morning-" It must be time to get np." Wife " Why?' Husband-" Baby's fallen asleep." PESSIMISM.-Artist (irritated by the pre liminaries of composition and the too close proximity of an uninteresting native)-" I think yon needn't wait any longer. There's really nothing to look at just now." Native-" Ay, an' I doot there'll never be muckle to look at there." : MAMMA (wearily)-" Oh, Kthel, I should think you would get tired of hearing me say don't." Ethel (earnestly)-" I do, mamma ; I do, awfully." WHISPER OVERHEARD IN AN ORCHESTRA. Conductor-"Softly, Herr Muller. You are not ex pected to play first fiddle with your big drum !" "I SHORE does hope," says Uncle Mose, "dat dey will pit dis henh new photoeraph trick so fine bv summer dat man kin tell wedder melon is ripe." MAUD-" Mr. Dawkins paid you quite a compliment the other evening." Ethel (eagerly) " What did he say ?' Maud-" He said you looked so awfully well that he didn't recognise you at first." "MAMMA," said Jack, "may I go out to play?" "No; you must sit still where you are." Pause. " Ma, can't I fro down in the kitchen?" " You may not I want you to sit perfectly quiet" Another pause. " Mamma, mayn't I sit on the floor and play marbles?" "Now, my dear boy, I have told you twice that I want you to sit just where you are and be quiet, and I mean exactly what I gay " Third pause. "Ma, may I grow Harper's Younir People." 8 WILLIS-" Do yon think that marriage is a failureV Bellls-"No; but sometimes it helps mightily to bring on one." H THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A Finakoifr AND A ROWINO MAR.-One feathers hie nest, the other his oar. IF woman would think twice before Bhe spoke it might then be possible to pet in a word nT and then when she is talking. UNCRE MOSE-" Dat dorg is ma best friend an' I wouldn't sell 'um fo' nothin'." Van Pelt-"I'll give you 50 cents tor him." Uncle Mose~" He's vo' dorg." 1 "HAVE yon lost another tooth, Beth'" a«ked auntie, who noticed an unusual li«p '. Yes'ni " replied the four-year-old, "and I iimp "oW when'i talk." THE man who originated serials must have been an author who was looking for some wav to keep women from reading the last chapter of his novel first. AFFABLE Boob Agent (to little girl at front door)-" Is your mamma engaged ?" Little Girl (in astonishment)-" Engaged 1 Why she's b' en married for years. GOOD SAUARITAN-"Don't yon know better than to drive that poor horse uphill so fast?" SiCjnnOI!rJ'Up i8s oh- begorra, the nas's blind, and he can t see St." FT OUR THOUGHTFUL JAMES IN A CONFEC TIONER'S SHOP.-What is the natural companion to a Bath Bun?-Why, evidently, a sponge cake - "London Punch." " I'LL be awfnl glad when T am old enough to do as I please," said Willy. "Oh, certainly," said his father. " And about as soon as you get to that age j'ou'll get man led." TIMID OLD LADT (watching the agitated water)-"Are there ever any persons lost in this nver, boatman?" Ferryman-" Mess yer, n*> mum . we alius finds 'em agin the next dav." ' ' I REALLY think, John,*' said Mrs. Severe "that you smoke too much." "Well, mv love " said John, " if you'd occasionally give me a'chance to talk, i might let my cigar'go out." RETALIATION.-" Hurry up, Maud ? Mr. Jones has been waiting an hour already." " Humph*! l.et him wait. Didn't he keep me waiting three years before he spoke V MRS. MONEYBAGS-" Your son'a extra vagance is increasing. He wants a new plaything. This time it is a stable of racehorses." Mr. Money bags-"That's all right. I was afraid he wanted to start a newspaper." PAPA-" Tommy, did yon know your lesson to-diiy ?' Tommy (hesitatingly)-" Yes ; that is, part of it." Papa-"Which part was thatj" Tommy-" Well, I could answer the questions the other boys had." " Now, Willie," said Mr. Wilkins, " papa ts going away for two weeks. Remember whose boy you are, aud behave accordingly." " You can bet I will, daddy," said Willie, " I'll have just as good a time as vou will." AN exchange says the following is an in fallible remedy for the grip. One gallon ol w hisky, one grain of quinine. Mix well before taking. If no improvement is noticed in one week, either increase the whisky or ieduce the quinine. Miss LILT, aged eight, was at work on a letter to her grandfather. Said her mother-" My «e*r child, why is your writing so very big to-day?" " Because, don't you know, mamma, grandpapa's so deaf," answered Lily. "WHERE is the island of Cuba situated?" asked an Austin school teacher of a small, forlorn looking boy. 441 dunno, sir." 14 Don't you know where sugar comes from!" 44 Yes, eir; we borrows it from the next door neighbour." A LITTLE girl went to church with her mother and knelt down to pray fervently as soon as the servioe began. After church her mother asks her-41 What did you pray for, dearie V " Oh, I was asking that church may soon be over." FIRST CYCLIST-" Do you see that man yonder? He holds the largest numner of prizes and medals ever possessed by any one man." Second Cyclist-" What! That fellow ? He doesn't look a bit like a champion." First Cyclist-44 It is just as I tell you, though. He is a paw nbroker." " PATSY, run down to the station and see what lime the last train starts for Dublin ?' "I will, your honour." (An interval of six hours.) 44 Well, what on earth kept you all that time ?' " Sure, wasn't I to see what time the train started? And how was I to come back before she went ?' WHAT OUB DRAMATFST HAS TO PUT UP WITH.- His Wife (reading a Sunday newspaper) " Apropos of Hamlet, they say here that you and Shakespeare represent the very opposite poles of the dramatic art." He-"Ha, that's a nasty one for Shakespeare." "Mr dear," said Mr. Wilkins, "we must economise, watch every penny, for dollars are scarce." Ten minutes later, he added, "Tommy, why haven't you gone to school ?" 44 I'm helpin' you to economise, pop," said Tommy. "You said I could have five dollars if I wasn't late tins term. I guess I'll be late to- day." A TEACHER who was hearing a class in an infant Sunday school made her sclio ars finish each sentence to show that they understood her. 44 The idol had.eyes," she said, "but it couldn't-" "See," cried the children." "Ithad ears, but it couldn't-" " Hear," WM the answer. " It had a nose, but it couldn't- " Wipe it," shouted the children. And the lea on had to stop a moment for the teacher to regain her composure. No ALLIANCE POSSIBLE.--" But you love him?" "Yes." "And yet your father won't con sent?" "He hasn't been asked ; hut I know it is hopeless for Henry to ask him. Father was a Yale man, and Henry's father was a Harvard." "JOHN has broken the record," said the proud father. " I expect so," said his mother, re signedly. "He's broken the front gate, and three places in the hedge, and the cat's back and the croquH set, and his collar bone, since lie began to ride, and I'm prepared for anything." RATHER DANGEROUS.-Hunter-" How's the game around here?' Native-" Pooty fair, sometimes, and then ag'in it's dangerous." Hunter " Dangerous ! How ?" Native-" Well, you see, the last fillers that come this way made game of nie, and one of 'em wears a wooden leu; and the other haint got but one eye now." TOUJOURS PERDRIX. -Jacky (just hack from his first day at school)-" Oh, school is a jolly place, Aunty Maud. I was never so happy in all my life !" " You'll like it even better to-morrow, Jacky'.' " To morrow? Have I got to go asrain to morrow?" " Why not, since you're go happy there?" "Ah, yes-but X don't want to make a habit of it, you know?'-"London Punch." ALL great artists have their idiosyncrasies, and that of the late Sir Michael Uosta was his love of punctuality, which he carried almost to the extent of a mania. "He was staying at my house in Brighton," says Mr. Kuhe in his " Musical Recollec tions," " and one evening my wife had, to meet hi? wishes, arranged dinner for 7 o'clock. Knowing full well his peculiarity, she had civen special injunctions to have the meal served punctually at the appointed time. With unf.iiljng precision Sir Michael appeared in the drawingroom five minutes before the dinner hour. On the stroke of 7 he took out his watch, compared it with the clock on the mantelpiece, and then, by way of signifying his approval at the accu racy of our timepiece (which had just struck the hour), rose from his chair. But no gong had sounded, and during the moments that ensued Sir Michael paced up and down the room, keepintr his eyes on his watch. At two minutes past 7 dinner was announced, and the reputation of the house was saved. The distinguished composer, however, thought otherwise, for, in offerine: to mv wife his arm to escort her to the diningroom, he remarked, with a eravitv that might have been warranted had he jast learned of the death of a dear friend, ' Mrs. Kuhe, your cook, I am sorry to see, is two minutes behind her time.'" 