THE BROOK KEDRON. Oub illustration this week is connected with the geography of Palestine. It is a modern view of the brook Kedron, or ? ' Kidron,as travellers call it. This brook is really one of the ravines or mountain gorges which lie near the Holy City. Like our Australian creeks, it is often dry, but in wet seasons, especially in winter, it becomes a winter torrent. It runs along the Valley of Jehoshaphat and falls into the Dead Sea near the convent of Mar Saba, It is sometimes called ' The Black Valley,' and is one of the gorges which served to make Jerusalem an entrenched city. Originally it was a deep and dark defile, but the ravine has been in great part filled in by the aucumulated rubbish of ages, which has been shot in, regardless of everything ' save convenience. The true bed of the brook, which in wet seasons is swollen to a rapid torrent, has been found by the engineers of the Palestine Exploration Fund to be nearly sixty feet uuder the bed of the present one ; the raising of the level is said to have been caused by the repeated de structions and rebuilding of the Holy City. The Valley of the Kedron has many historic associations, and the brook itself is connected with the famous VISION OF* EZEKIEIi, which has served as an illustration on many missionary platforms. Here is Dean Stanley's graphic description : — ' In the vision which reveals to Ezekiel the regeneration of the kingdom of God, the prophet in the Temple court sees the perennial spring of the Sacred Hill rising into a full and over flowing fountain beside the altar, and pouring forth a vast stream over the wide enclosure. He goes round to the Eastern gate of the Temple, overhanging the defile of Kedron, — the waters have reached the gateway, and are rushing in a cataract down into the valley below. Into the valley the Prophet descends ; and the water?, rise higher and higher, till the dry course of Kedron becomes a mighty river ; and innumerable trees spring up along its sterile banks ; and through the deep defile and its tributary courses, the waters issue out towards the ' circles ? of fcHpy ' go down ' through all the long descent into the ' desert plain ' of Jordan and reach the ' sea.' And when the stream— one, yet divided as it rushes through the ] mountain passes — forces its way into | that dead lake, ' the waters shall be | healed;' everywhere they shall teem with life ; the living creatures washed by the Jordan into the sea, which else would die at once, shall live as the fresh stream touches them ; there sha'l be a multitude of fish, even as, ' the fish of the great sea,' the Mediterianean; the fishermen standing all along its rocky shores from En- eglain to En-ge.ii; only the marshes at its southern end, where the healing stream cannot pene trate, will still be given up to their old salt and barrenness. The imagery of this vision ured in illustration of the spread of philanthropic or missionary beneficence ; but its full force, as the Prophet first delivered it, can only be appreciated by those who have seen the desolate basin of the Salt Sea, and marked the features of its strange vicinity.' LAST SCENES. The Kedron is likewise associated with the last scenes of our Lord's life. On the night of the betrayal the sad company crossed the valley of the Kedron on their way to Gethsemane. And after the arrest the brutal band, which had been led by the betrayer, again crossed the Kedron on their way to the palace of Caiaphas. Dr. Tris tram speaks of the valley as it now exists, as a gloomy gorge ' paved with tombs as far as the eye can reach ; and with it its struggling olive-trees all tenanted by ravens croaking and shiver ing in the wet as though they were mourners for the past gloiies of Jeru salem, or the gloomy ghosts of the buried dead beneath.' 