NOTES. The final round for the championship of Dundee and District was contested between Mr. Joseph Barrie and Mr. J. R. Milne, Mr. Milne winning by 3 wins To 1 win, with 1 draw. In the Jordan- Granger match for the cham pionship of London twelve games in .■.all-were played—"Double Corner," "Fife;" " Glasgow*" three "Souters," and six "Old Fourteenths." All resulted in draws-^the match being thus de cided in favour of Mr. Jordan. As he had held the cup for three years, it became his own property; • .At a social of members and friends of the Wanganui ChoBS and Draughts Club'about 100 we're present, the mayor presiding. iWhilepro- • posing one of the toasts Dr. Hatherly made the following reference to the recently dis puted championship question:—" At .present there were two claimants to the ohauipion- Bhip. One was the winner of an open tourna ment, for twenty-seven entries had been received,.including representative players from all parts of the colony. He felt sure that draughts players in New Zealand would recog nise Mr. Boreham as the ohampion of New Zealand until he was beaten by some other player at an annual tournament. The other gentleman who claimed the title might be capable of securing the championship, but until he contested an annual tournament and gained the distinction his claim could not be recognised." Mr. J. P. Reed has written a letter to Glas gow, in whioh he asks for a guarantee that the winner of the Jordan-Ferric match would meet him in August to play for the championship of the world. Mr. Barker has something to say about the championship match. "I was very much sur prised," says Mr. 0. F. Barker, "when Reed 'challenged Ferric for'the world's champion ship. Does Reed forget that, I won the title from him at Chicago? Does he also forget that ho won the title by default from James Wyllie, and pocketed the $100 forfeit money?" The draughts column in the New York "Weekly" is conducted by Mr. Swells, of the infallible method fame. He is never likely to get behindhand in the publication of never beforerpubiished games. He is at preEent giving readers some fine things from " the match now going on in spirit land between the departed worthies John Drummond and W. Strickland, the latter playing blindfold; with notes on the games by Sturges's ghost." Captain J. A. Challice, of Great Yarmouth, makes the following claim:—ln the past four years he has furnished solutions to 3364 chess and draughts problems and end games, and 656 prize competitions and puzzles, while hia success in other branohes have secured him 4163 public acknowledgments, and raised his record, to the grand total of 4949. We do not think anybody will attempt to beat this record. 