H O P E. They snjr that tbc-nsroc of'ttic station is chunked, tunl that the dot; Ik dead, hut I remerolK-r, aud I think I shall re- incmlicr always. In a slutm V of n vnffor. Iietween two tail, unheeding mountains, Rtood n little brown station, nil alone. It looked like n knol In the end of the lirown nu? of road that Imnp over the low ridqo lieyond It. "Hope" wan the name In the middle of the weathered Hien-lx>ard, with "Winnipeg, — miles," nt the nearer end. and "Vancouver, — miles," nt the farther. Then? was small token of life altottt the buildltiK so far an even wo In the observation ear eonld see, so, when the conductor came back from the office with his ord em, we wondered why the train did not ko on. Hut pretty soon n tall old man, with u red fing under his arm, dime up the track ahead to the station platform. Some of us had alighted, nnd to us he volunteered, while be rolled bis Jlat; closer:— "Hock on the track!" "Is It very JnrtreV" asked someone. "Nope; they'll jrot It off.purty soon; like 'nough, hi 'bout ten minutes." Thnt accent was unmistakably from the "States," and I came nearer where 1 could hear all he said. ITc sat down on a pile of boxes, and, In reply to sotnc remark, said meditatively: "Nop; trains don hev much 'easlon to stop here long nowadays. Used to bo ft puty decent mine up yonder," Jerk ins Ids head toward the little road; "then they wnr some doln's here." "Mine abandoned?' "Eaup." ho was golnj,' on: when an other idea struck him. lie looked round uneasily. 'Thoy lialn't none of you scon Roily, hev you?" "Who's Roily?" "W'y, Holly, he's the ilorg;" his eyes grew anxious. "He's n great Institution round these ptirts. Holly Is." lie rose and went quickly to the door of the station', opened It, and put his head Inside. We heard the click of the telegraph Instrument. "Say, Ilennle, whore's Roll ?' ho called. Ills voice was different from thnt In which he spoke to the men out side. The answer was Inaudible. "Humph! Curious, ain't .It? When did he go?' Again the inaudible reply. . "Well, he must a hoard the whistle." ITe cuimi back In jhn travellers, but with his 'eyes 011 the brown road over tin? ridge. "Didn't It pan out?" asked one. "Huh? Oh. the mine! I diiimo. 1 guess twould of——" but the old idea was too strong— his eyes sought the slope again. "Now. where in time is that dnrg? Ho ain't use to iiiisHln' trains." ; , "What wan the matter at the mine?" "Oh," there was ghosts enine there, .'a' they Heart everjimdy, 'a' now they wiu't 110 one go nigh hut Itolly, aud no's interested. Wish t he d eouie, nny- how." , "Well, what Is It about Holly, my friend. Is he your dog?' asked a big, quiet man, standing near with his wife. ''Nope. That Is, he Is aiid lie ain't— one way he's mine, and two he ain't— one uuy lie's mine, I feed 'lin- ntid hanker after 'Ini ef he ain't round. One way he ain't mine, he's Ronnie's, 'cause everything I've got that Ronnie hankers after Is bls'n, .111' he thinks a heap o' Holly. Ronnie's the telegniph hero. "'Nether way, he ain't: mine nor Bennle's neither. He hlsself thinks he b'longs to a man 't hain't been 'round here quite a spell— the last cnutnietor at the 'Hope.' He left In 11 lectle hurry one night, licit? found with some mine pay inouey mixed into Ills own Inside pocket by mistake, 'n lie forgot ,tho dorg." One traveller, acquainted with west ern euphemisms asked: "Dld they lmng or shoot him?' The old fellow grinned. "Shot 'hn; Kent the remnants east In a l>ox. We. Imin't lookln for Mm buck, hut Holly Is. Yes, sir, lie's on hand every train, an' hut ween times he goes up to the. mine tri see ef his man has slipped by uiibeknowest an' gone up there." Just then the conductor, passing, said: "Nearly ready; all aboard." . We. started reluctantly for the ear, all of tis wlth our eyes 011 the brown read now. The old man walked' with us. "Can't think v/hnt on 'arlli keeps Mm. He'll cry all day of he misses this train." Wo were all on board now. The con ductor stood, watch In hand, his eyes, too, on the rend. "There he. Is!" someone shouted. "He knowed he was late, an' took the short eut."'exelaimed the old man. ; Our eyes left the mini, and at the other bud of the platform met a small, smooth- coated black ami- white mongrel, all . dusty, and panting, crouched with quivering Hanks by the steps of the last car, a I'ulhnnn. The dog's eyes were on the .'.porter. The porter looked to the conductor for a sign; the conduetor looked nt his watch and Ids orders, and nodded. Then the porter lifted- the eager little unite Into the car vestibule. We In the observation car all waited, with eyes on the door of the nearest Putliiuin; nil. but the quiet mail, who had retired Into the Trout corner of the ' car -behind his newspaper, '."Blest: If I want to see the. beast dis appointed," be said to bis wife. Hoes he go through the whole train?" ; ' I asked the old man. "Yes, miss, all but the col-tilsf car and ' the emigrant; he knows that ain't the kind." Just then the Pullman door opened and the porter. came through, followed by the dog, stepptng high ami nervously. There were a great many In the car, and the dog was bewildered. 'The . porter picked him up and put lilin oil one of the seats, a double row of which ran Imulc to back down the centre of tin; car. The dog put Ids paws on the iKick; of the sent and looked all around, ears up, nos trils moving,' .Hanks quivering, tall straight out and slowly waving. Suddenly he gave a sharp yell, and hounded over the centre seals down the aisle like a young tornado, and slopiHsl witli both puwH on tbc qutnt mini's bin vs. yelping, dancing, tearing the newspapers down upon himself.' . The mnn took the pupornwny, and the dog leaped toward Ids face with a' squeal. Rut the squeal broke half way, and the dog l'eli buck on all fours, still as 11 stone. The quiet man looked at him kindly nnd. put out a hum! to pat lilm. The dog nunc closer, his eyes ill- . ways on the man's face, and softly put Ills paws 011 the knees again. The mini said:— "Well, Holly!". The dog's bead went (in one side a 'mpOTJUt the name was all right, but 'tbl» voice— the voice— lie got down aud bucked off. Ma tail lietwecn his legs. Ids ears wavering; he gave one low, questioning whine, then slowly answered the porter's call. At the top of the car steps he paused anil came back. With head 011 a side and paw raised lie looked again, and then with a sharp nort of Isirk turned luick nnd went down. A moment afterward the conductor's watch siutppcd; ho wav-cnl his hand ami the train drew out, up the broad can yon of the ChantJng Row. Rut our eyes w»re turned back to tin platform, whore the dog stood, poised, head on a side, ami foot llfti.il, looking after us. The quiet man didn't draw Irack till we had rounded a curve; then he found a cinder In his eye. "Men scenery" he said.— (M.G.I'., In the "New York Post.") 