THE WEEK OF PRAYER. 'The President in his Pastoral last week called the attention of our churches in this coldny to the week of prayer, which was determined on by the late 'Conference. In accordance with the ? decision of the Conference, next week will witness a large number of meetings called for this special purpose, :,and we have no doubt the President's .appeal, made through the columns of the Methodist , will give additional zest to the prayers of the churches. And if ''the fervent, effectual prayer of a righteous man availeth much,' we may purely look with hopeful eyes and ex pectant hearts for blessed results from this simultaneous and united interces sion. The object set before us, during the week of special intercession, . is to pro mote ' a wide spread revival ' of religion amongst us. That such a revival is .greatly needed few will deny. It is impossible to look around us with open ?eyes without seeing the necessity that -exists for a wide extension of the work .-of God among the people. And this necessity exists in town and country .alike. We are not only confronted with many evils, some of which openly parade themselves ; but what is most .serious to contemplate is the absolute indifference that is manifested by thousands of our fellow citizens. There -are many of . them to whom God is a .name and nothing more ; and unhappily, ? :in some cases, a name never used except ; to point an oath, or clench an argu ment. As for the religion of the -churches, it is too often regarded by the -outside world as a thing to sneer at ; or ;it is put aside with an objectionable ex pletive as a mere bye word of contempt. It is not only that we have to face, in these days, the giant evils which destroy the moral life of the people, such as ?drunkenness, gambling, debauchery, and .social vice, but one of the worst aspects ?of our age is found in the fact that neither God, nor His Church, neither hope nor fear, seem to deter evil doers, ?or even to make them pause amid the .folly and madness of their ways. And that is one. of the things which most of .all smites us with dismay. There have been times in the history of the Church when 6he wielded a power that was ?evervwhere felt and recognised ; and if .sceptics and unbelievers hated the truth, they at all events feared it. And such times, though they may be rough and ?' turbulent, are infinitely better than times ?of placid indifference, wherein men regard the Divine judgments against .sin with a smile - f incredulity broad ening on their Jips. Of all other things .in this land of ours, we need a revival ?of the fear of God, by a general recogni tion of the fact tbat God is more than a name ; that He is the rewarder of all who seek Him ; but at the same time, that He is the Great Judge of evil doers, and the inflexible enemy of all unright ?eousness, whether found in the house, the shop, or the field. Were these sentiments to take hold on the public mind, — that God is, that He is the reward and the rewarder of truth, and that He is indeed the sleepless Judge of every crime, and of all moral and social iniquity, — we should soon see a great revival of pubtffc interest in religion itself. Prom the beginning of its history revivals have been the life of the Church; and. sometimes when the Church has been stricken with the torpor of moral and spiritual stagnation, revivals have come as the vivifying breath of God. Not more surely will the fruit-bearing trees put forth the beauty of their bloom when the spring sun shines upon them, than will the Church be revived in all her interests, and put forth the tigns of an active and vigorous life when the Spirit of God rests upon her. Where the Divine Spirit rests iu the plenitude of of His glorious presence, there is life, and light, and power. It is for these things we pray ; first of all the gift of the Holy Ghost ; and then with Him, the power to convince men, and lead them as willing captives to the Cross of Christ. 