The V.O.T.V., A CONTRIBUTED CRITICISM The conference of the Women's ' hristian Temperance Union now beinjr n*ld in Adelaide has not been productive of anything very valuable toward the cause of true reform. While tb« women of this and kindred organizations are satisfied with restrictive I'arliamentary enactments as a weans of bringing about a bigber moral and social condition than row prevails they will be doomed to disappointment and failure until they rjslise the necessity of poing to the root of the matter nnd removing the canses which are productive of the poverty and consequent vice and crime from which we suffer. It is time these good people began to realise that we largely the creatures of our environment, that given the opportunity to live ander decent conditions and in a reasonable degree of comfort the most degrading viccs will be absent in those men and women thus conditioned, and there will be a bigber degree of mental and moral progress, whilst the reverse will be found true where the opposite conditions prevail. Do we require any evidence of the truth of this assertion t It is only necessary to look around us and we shall find it exemplified on every band. It is not the comparatively well off section of the working community who are addicted to those vices, but it is mainly those who are forced to live under degrading and unnatural conditions through scarcity of employment with itB demoralizing periods of idleness. Look at the many fores which are dragging these people down —the comfortless homes, impossibility of decency through being crowded into small house accommodation by high rents. The tendency of this kind of life is to kill all that is noblest and best in humanity, and we all have to suffer more or less from tbe vice and misery thus engendered. The existence of such a mass of evil most touch every member of the community in one form or another. It would therefore be to tbe best and highest interests of all rich and pror to seek the cause of the trouble and try to place society on a basis of jnstice, so that men should be able to satisfy tbe reasonable requirements of 'heir being, and therefore be free from the temptations to the lower forms of indulgence that now ezis:s. It i* interesting 'o note that the Hare- Spence system of voting, as advocated by Mies Spence, has been explained by her at a meeting of the above-named organiza<ion and been favorably received by them. This is a greatly needed reform. Our present electoral system largely kills progressive thought by compelling candidates to cut and trim their convictions to secure tbe enpport of one or other of the great parties contending for supremacy. Any man who has tbe moral course to stand up and speak the truth that is in him without fear or favor has, vulgarly speaking, not the ghost of a show. If such an one does get returned it will be by mere chance. 1 be sysiem aims at giving proportional representation. The method is to divide the colony into eqnal electoral districts in numbers of electors, say the number of members for a district of twelve thonsand is decided to be six, tbe qunta of votes to secure the return of one member will be two thousand. By the method ; of voting will be seen how the results are arrived at. Each elector will be given a voting paper containing tbe names of all the candid tes. Instead of putting a cross in tbe square, &B; under the present system, tbe voter will pat the figures 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 against each of those be wishes to 6ee returned in the order of bis choice. In the counting of the votes the first choice are selected until tbe quota of 2,000 is made up, as soon as that is done tbe candidate tbns favored is elected. Any further votes given to him are ihen transferred to the second choice of the elector until the second member's quota is mnde up, and so on until tbe whole six are down. Ibis system of voting will secure just and equal representation to all parties and sections and do away with the bribery and corruption that is inseparable from the present system. As a few votes may turn the 6cale in favor of a candidate bribery nnd undue influence can be urged with probable succes. Under the system of effective voting it would be impossible for any candidate to buy or influence votes exeept on his merits—a quota of electors.—Commune Bonatn. 