WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. - A TALE OF MERRIE ..ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, Author of ' Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Audleys Secret,' 'Wyllard'fl Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &c; &c.; [Published br special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved. Chapter XVII.— The Motive— Mubdeh. For Lady Fareham and her eieter September and October made a blank interval in the story of life— uneventful as the empty page at the end of a chapter. They speuc those months at Fareham, a house which Hyacinth detested, a neighborhood where she had never conde scended to make friends. She condemned the local gentry as a collection of nobodies and had never taken the trouble to please the three or four great families within a twenty-mile drive, because though they had rank and conse quence, they had not fashion. The haut goud of Paris and London was wanting to them. Lord Fareham had insisted upon leaving London on the third of September and had, his wife declared out of pure malignity, taken his family to Fareham, a place she hated, rather than to Chilton, a place Ehe loved at least as much as any civilised mortal could love the country. Never, Hyacinth protested, had her husband been so sullen and ferocious. 'He is not like an angry man,' she told Angela, 'but like a wounded lion; and yefr, since your goodness took all the blame of my unlucky escapade upon your shoulders, and he knows nothing of De Malfort's insolent at tempt to carry me off, I see no reason why be should have become such a gloomy savage.' She accepted her sister's sacrifice with an amiable lightness. How could it harm Angela to be thought to have run out at midnight for a frolic rendezvous ? The maids of honor had some such adventure half a dozen times in a season, and were found out and laughed at, and laughed again, and wound up their tempestuous career by marrying great noble men. 'If you can but get yourself talked about vou may marry as high as you choose,'1 Hyacinth told her sister. Early in November they went back to London, and though Hyacinth's fine people protested that the town stank of burnt wood, smoked oil, and resin, and was altogether odious, they rejoiced not the less to be back again. Lady Fareham plunged with renewed eagerness into the whirlpool of pleasure and fried fcn rh-n.-? Anirela with her : hut it was a surprise to both, and to one a cause forimeasi neas, when his lordship began to show himself in scenes which he had for the most part avoided as well as reviled. For some unex plained reason he became now a frequent at iendant at the evening festivities at Whitehall* and without even the pretence of being inte rested or amused there. Fareham's reappearance at Court caused - more surprise than pleasure ,in that brilliant circle. The statue of the Coiuandante would scarcely bavc seemed a grimmer guest. Hewaa there in the midst of laughter and delight, with never a smile upon his stern features. He was silent for the most part, or if badgered into talking by some. of hie more familial acquaintances would vent his Epleen in a tirade tbat. Btartled them, as the pleasant chirping of a poultry-yard are startled by the raid of a dog. They laughed at bis conversa tion behind his back, but in -his presence, under the angry light of those grey eyes, the gloom of those bent brows,' they were chilled into submission and civility. He had a dignity which made his puritanical plainness more patrician than Rochester's finery, more impressive than Buckingham's graceful splendor. The force and vigor of his counte nance were more striking than Sedley s beauty. The eyes of strangers singled him out in that gay throng, aud people /wanted to know who he was and what he had done lor fame. „ A soldier, yes, cela saute aux yeux. He could be nothing else than a soldier. A cavalier of the old school. Albeit younger by half a lifetime than Southampton aud Claren don and the other ghosts of the troubles. Charles treated him with chill civility. 'Why does the mun come here without his ?wife?' be asked De Malfort. 'There is a sister, too, fresher and fairer than her ladyship. Why are we to have the shadow without the sun? Yet it is as well perhaps they keep away, for 1 have heard of a visit which was not returned — a condescension from a woman of the highest rank slighted by a trumpery baron's wife, and after an offence of that kind she could only have brought us trouble. Why do women quarrel, Wilmot ?' ' Why are there any men in the world, sir? If there were none women would Jive together like lambs in a meadow. It is only about us they fight. As for Lady Fareuara, she is adorable though no longer young. I believe she will be thirty on her next birthday.' 'And the sister? She had a wild rose prettiness, I thought, when I saw her at Oxford. She looked like a lily till I spoke to her and then flamed like a red rose. So fresh, bo easily startled. ' fis pity that shyness of youthful purity wears off in a week. I dare Bwear by this time Mrs. Kirklaud is as brazen as the boldest of our young houris yonder,' with a glance in the direction of the maids of honour, the queen's and the duchess's, a bevy of chatterers, waving fans, giggling, whisper insr, shoulder to shoulder with the iinpudeutest men in his Majesty's kinadom ; the men who gave their mornings to writing comedies coarser than Dryden or Etherege, and their nie\its to cardR, dice, aud strong drink : roving the streets half-clad, dishevelled, wanton ; beating the watch and insulting decent pedestrians, with occasional vicious outbreaks which would have been revolting in a company of inebriated coal-heavers, and which brought these fine gentlemen before a too lenient magistrate. But were not these the manners of which Saint Evremond lightly sang — La douce erretir ne s'appelait point crime ; Les vices d6nlicals sc nonimaient lies plaisirs. ?'Mistress Kirkland has an inexorable modesty which would outlive even a week at Whitehall, sir,' answered Rochester. 'If I did not adore the matron I should worship the maid. Happily for the wretch who loves her I am otherwise engaged.' ' Thou insolent brat ! To be eighteen years of age and think thyself irresistible.' ' Does your Majesty suppose I shall be more attractive at six aud thirty V' ' Yes, villain j for at my age thou wilt have experience.' ' And a reputation for incorrigible vice. No woman of taste can resist that.' ' And pray who is Mrs. Kirkland's lover ?' ' A Puritan baronet. One Denzil Warner.' 'There was a Warner killed at Hoptown Heatb.' 'His son. sir. A fellow who believes in extempore prayer and republican government, and swears England was never so happy or prosperous as under Cromwell.' 'And the lady favors this psalm siuging rebel ?' 'I know not. For all I have seen of the two she has been barely civil to him. That he adores her is obvious and I know Lady Fare ham's heart is set upon the match. ' Why did not Lady Fareham return the countess's visit ?' There was no need to ask what countess. 'Be sure, sir, the husband was to blame if there was want of respect for that lovely lady. I can answer for Lady Fareham's right feeling in that matter.' ' The husband takes a leaf out of Hyde's book and forgets what may be passed over in the Lord Chancellor and a man of prodigious usefulness is intolerable in a person of Fare ham's insignificance.' 'Nay, sire, insignificance is scarcely the word. I would as soon call a thunderstorm insignificant. The man is a volcano and may explode at any provocation.' 'We want no such suppressed fires at 'Whitehall. Nor do wo want long faces, as Clarendon may discover some day if his sermons grow too troublesome.' ' The chancellor is a domestic man, as your majesty may infer from the size and splendor of his new house.' 'He is an expensive man, Wilmot. I believe he got more by the sale of Dunkirk than his master did.' ' In that case your majesty cannot do better than shift all the disgrace of the transaction . on to his shoulders. Dunkirk will be a sure card to play when Clarendon has to go over board.' That incivility of Lady Fareham's in the matter of an unreturned. visit had rankled deep in the bosom of the king's imperious xnistress. To sin more boldly than woman ever sinned and yet to claim all the privileges and honors due to virtue was but a trifling inconsistency in a mind so fortified by pride that it scarce knew how to reckon with shame. That she in her supremacy of beauty and splendor, a fortune sparkling in either ear, tiie price of a landed estate on her neck — that she, Barbara, Countess of Castlemaine, should have driven in a windowless coach through dusty, lanes, eating dirt as it were, with her train of court gallants on horseback at her coach doors, her ladies in a carriage in the rear, to visit a person of Lady Fareham's petty quality, a Buckinghamshire knight's daughter married to a baron of Henry the Eighth's creation ! Arid that this amazing condescension— received ?with a smiling and curtseying civility— should have been unacknowledged by any reciprocal courteBy was an affront that could hardly be ?wiped out with blood ; indeed, it could never be atoned For. The wound was poisoned and would rankle and fester to the end of that proud life. Yet on Fareham's appearance at Whitehall Lady Castlemaine distinguished him with a marked civility and even condescended, smilingly, as if there were no cause of quarrel to enquire after bis wife. 'Her ladyship is as pretty as ever, though tmg&fljL; growing old,' «he said. 'We ex day. I wonder how it is we' never get further than smiles and curtseys ? I should . like . to show the dear woman some more substantial . civility. She is buried . alive' ia your stately house by the river for want of an influential friend to show her the world we live in.' 'Indeed, madam, my wife lias all the pleasure she desires— her visiting day, her tea table, her friends.' 'And her admirers. Rochester is always hanging about your garden or landing from his wherry when 1 go by ; or if he himself be not visible there are a couple of his watermen on your steps.' ' My Lord Rochester has a precocious wit which amuses my wife and her sister.' ' And then there is De Malfort— an imper tinent, second ouly to Grammont. He and Lady Fareham are twin stars. I have seldom seen them apart.' 'Since l)e Malfort has the honor of being somewhat intimate with your ladyship he has doubtless given you full particulars of his friendship for my wife. I assure you it will bear being talked about. There are no secrets in it.' ''Really ; I thought I had heard something' about a sedan which took the wrong road after Killigrew's play. But that was the night before the fire. Good God ! my lord, your face darkens as if a man had struck you. Whatever happened before the fire should have been burnt out of our memories by this time.' 'I see his Majesty looking this way, madam, and I have not yet paid my respects to him, Fareham said, moving away, but a dazzling baud on his sleeve arrested him. ' Oh, your respects will keep ; he has Miss Stewart giggling at his elbow. Strange, is it not, that a woman with as much brain as .a pigeon can amuse a man who reckons himself botli wise and witty ?' 'It is not the lady who amuse3 the gentle man, madam. She has the good sense to pre tend that he amuses her.' 'And no more understands a jest than she does Hebrew.' 'She is conscious of pretty teeth and an en chanting smile. Wit or understanding would be superfluous,' answered Fareham, and bowed his adieu to the Sultana in chief. There was a great assembly, with music and dancing, on the Queen's Birthday, to which Lord and Lady Fareham and Mistress Kirk laud were invited ; and again Angela saw and wondered at the splendid scene and at this brilliant world, which calamity could not touch. Pestilence had ravaged the city, names had devoured it — yet here there were only smiling people, gorgeous dress, incomparable jewels. The plague had not touched them and the life had not reached them. Such afflictions are for the common herd. Angela promenaded with De Malfort in the spacious banqueting ba!l, with its ceiling of such prodigious height that the apotheosis of King James and all the emblematical figures, triumphal ears, lions, bears, and rams, corn sheaves, and baskets of fruit, which filled the panels,, might as well have been executed by a sign painter's rough and ready brush, as by the pencil of the great Fleming. 'We are a little kinder to Rubens at the Louvre,' said De Malfort, noting her upward gaze ; ' for we allow his elaborate glorification of his Majesty's grandfather and grandmother about half a mile of wall. But forgot, you have not seen Paris — not those acres of gaudy coloring which Henri's vanity inflicted upon us. Florentine Marie with her carnation cheeks and opulent shoulders; the Roman nosed Bearnais with his pointed beard and stiff ruff. Mon Dieu, how the world has changed since Ravaillac's knife snapped that valiant life. And you have never seen Paris ? You look about you with wide-open eyes and take this crowd, that ceiling, those candelabra for splendor.' 'Can there be a scene more splendid?' asked Angela, pleased to keep him by her side, rather than see him devote himself to her sister; grateful for his attention in that crowd, where most people were strangers, aud where Lord Favehaia bad nob vouchsafed the slightest notice of her. ' When you have seen the Louvre you will wonder that any king, with a sense of his own consequence in the world, can inhabit such a hovel as Whitehall — this congeries of shabby apartments, the offices of servants, the lodgings of followers and dependents, soldiers and civilians, huddled in a confused labyrinth of brick and stone — redeemed from squalor only by one fine room. Could you see the grandproportions, the colossal majesty of the great Henri's palace — that palace whose costly completion sat heavy upon Sully's careful soul ! Henri loved to build— and his grand son, Louis, inherits that Augustan taste.' ' You were telling us of the new palace at Versailles ? ' 'A royal city in stone— white— dazzling — grandiose. The mortar was Ecarcely dry when I was there in March ; but you should have seen the mi,-careme ball— the finest masquerade that was ever beheld in Europe. All Paris came in masks to see that magnificent spec tacle. His Majesty allowed entrance to all, and those who came were feasted at a banquet which only Rabelais could fairly describe. And then with our splendor there is an elegant restraint— a decency unknown here. Compare these women— Lady Shrewsbury yonder, Lady Chesterfield, the fat woman in sea-green and silver — Lady Castlemaine, brazen in orange velvet and emeralds — compare them with Conde'B sister, with the Duchesse de Bouillon, the Princess Palatine ? ' ' Are those such good women ?' ' ' Humph ! They are ladies. These are the kind of women King Charles admires. They are as distinct a race as the dogs that lie in his bedchamber and follow him in his walks — a species of his own creation. They do not even affect modesty. But I am turning preacher like Fareham. Come, there is to be an enter tainment in the theatre. Roxalana has re turned to the stage, and Jacob Hall, the rope dancer, is to perform.' They followed the crowd and De Malfort re mained at Angela's side till the end of the per formance and attended her to the supper-room afterwards. Fareham watched them from his place in the background. He stood ever aloof from the royal focus, the beauty and the wit, the most dazzling jewels, the most splendid raiment. He was in the court, but not of it. Yes ; the passion which these two entertained for each other was patent to every eye ; but had it been an honorable passion upon De Malfort's side he would have declared himself before now. He would not have abandoned the field ta such a sober suitor as Denzil. Henri de Malfort loved her and she fed his passion with her sweetest smiles, the low and tender tones of the most musical voice Fareham had ever listened to. 'The voice that came to me in my desola tion-^the sweetest Bound that ever fell on a dying man's ear, he thought, recalling those solitary «?ays aud.nights in the plague, year, recalling with a fond longing 'that arm whica shows ^dazzling 'white against the purple velvet of. his sleeve is the arm that held up my aching head in the dawn of returning reason, those eyes that reflect the laughter in his are the eyes that looked down upon mine, so sweetly serious, so deeuly anxious for my recovery. ' Oh, lovely angel, I would be a leper again, a plague-stricken wretch, only to drink a cup of water from that dear hand — only to feel the touch of those light fingers on my forehead ! There was a magic in that touch that surpassed the healing powers of kings. There was a light as of heaven in those be nignant eyes. But, oh, Bhe is enanged since then. She is plague-stricken with the contagion of a profligate age. Her wings are scorched by tho fire of this modish Tophet. She has been taught to dress and to look like the women around her-^-a little more modest, but after the same fashion. The nun I worshipped is no more.' Someone tapped him on the shoulder with an ostrich fan. lie turned and saw Lady Castle maine close at his elbow. 'Image of gloom, will you lead me to my rooms ?' she asked in a curious voice ; her dark blue eyes deepened by the pallor that showed throughiier rouge. 'I shall esteem myself too much honored by that office,' he answered, as she took his arm and moved quickly with hurried footsteps through the lessening throng. 'Oh, there is no one to dispute the honor with you. Sometimes I have a mob to hustle me to my lodgings, borne on the current of their adulation — sometimes I move through a desert, as I do to-night. Your face attracted me, for I believe it is the only one at White hall as gloomy as my own, unless there are some of my creditors here— men to whom I owe gaming debts.' It was curious to note that subtle change in the faces of those whom they passed, which JJarbara Palmer knew so well — faces that changed obedient to the weathercock of royal caprice — the countenances of courtiers who even yet had not learnt justly to weigh the influence of that imperial favorite, or to under stand that she ruled their king with a power which no transient fancy for newer faces could undermine. A day or two in the sulks, fro\vn9 aud mournful looks for gossip Pcpys to jot down in his diary, and the next day the sun would be shining again and the king would be at 6upper with 'the Lady.' Perhaps Lady Castlemaine knew that her empire was secure ; _ lit she took these tran sient fancies moult serieusement. Her jealous soul could tolerate no rival— or it may bo that she reaily loved the king. He had given himself to her in the flush of his triumphant return, while he was still young enough to feel a genuine passion. For her sake he had been a cruel husband, an insolent tyrant to a weak harmless queen ; for her sake he had squan dered his people's money and outraged every moral law; and it may be- that she remem bered these things and hated him the more fiercely for them when he was inconstant. She was a woman of extremes, in whose tropical temperament there was no medium between hatred aud love. 'You will sup with me, Fareham?' she said as he waited on the threshold of her lodgings, which were in a detached pile of buildings, near the Holbern Gateway, aud looking upon an enclosed and somewhat gloomy garden. ' Your ladyship will excuse me. I am ex pected at home.' 'What devil ! Perhaps you think I am in viting you to a tete-a-tete. I shall havo some company, though the drove have gone to the Stewart's in a hope of getting asked to supper — which but a few of them can realise in her mean lodgings. You had better stay. I may have Buckhurst, Sedley, Do Malfort;, aud a few more of the pretty fellows — enough to empty your pockets at basset.' ' Your ladyship is all goodness,' said Fare ham quickly. De Malfort's iiarae had decided him. He followed his hostess through a cloud of lackeys, a splendor of wax candles, to her saloon, where she turned aud flashed upon him a glorious picture of mature loveliness, the peach in its ripest bloom, against a background of purple damask and gold. The logs blazed and roared in the wide chimney. Warmth, opulence, hospitality were all expressed in the brilliantly- lighted room, where luxurious fauteuils after the new French fashion Btood about ready to receive her ladyship's guests. These were not long waited for. There Wjas no crowd. Less than twenty men and about a dozen women were enough to add aii air of living gaiety to the brilliancy of light and color. De Malfort was the last who entered. He kissed her ladyship's hand, looked about him, and recognised Fareham with open wonder. ' An Israelite in the house of Dagon,' he said sotto voce, as he approached him. 'What, Fareham, have you given your neck to the yoke ? Do you yield to the charm which has subjugated such lighter natureB as Villiers andBuckhuret?' 'It is only human to love variety. You have discovered the charm of youth and inno cence.' ' Do you think it needs a modish Columbus to discover that? We all worship innocence were it but for its rarity, as we esteem a black pearl or a yellow diamond above a white one, Jarni, but I am pleased to see you here ! It is the most human thing I have known of you Bince you recovered of the contagion; for you have been a gloomier man from that time.' 'Be assured I am altogether human— at least upon the evil side of humanity.' ' How dismal you look. Upon my soul, Fareham, you should fight against that melan cholic habit. Her ladyship is in the black sulks. We are in for a pleasant evening. Yet, if we were to go away she would storm at us to-morrow; call us sycophants and time servers, swear she would have no further commerce with any maniack among our de testable crew. Well, sheis a magnificent ter magant. ' If Cleopatra was half as handsome I can forgive Antony for following her to ruin at Actium.' 'There is supper in the music-room, gentle men,' said Lady Castlemaine, who was stand ing near the fire in the midst of a knot of whispering women. They had been abusing the fair Frances and ridiculing old Rowley to gratify their hostess. She knew them by heart —their falsehood and hollowness. She knew that they were ready, every one of them, to steal her royal lover had they but the chance of such a conquest; yet it solaced her soreness to hoar Miss Stewart depreciated even by those false lips. ' She was too tall.' 'Her Britannia ^profile looked «8 if it w«e out out of the wood!' 'She was bold, bad, designing.' 'It was feho wlio would have the king, not the king vsftio would have iher.' ''.'-?' 'You are too malicious, my dearest Price, ' said Lady Castlemaine with more good humor than had been seen is her countenance that evening. 'Buckhurst, will you take Mrs. Price to supper? There are cards in the gallery. Pray amuse yourselves.' 'But will your ladyship neither- sup nor play 1' asked Sedley. ' My ladyship has a raging headache, what devil ! Did I not lose enough to Borne of you blackguards ? Do you want to rook me again ? Pray amuse yourselves, friends. No doubt his majesty is being exquisitely entertained where he is, but I doubt if lie. will get as good a supper as you will find in the next room. The, significant laugh which -concluded her speech wa« too angry for mirth and the black ness of lit. orow forbade questioning. All the town knew next day that she had contrived to get the royal supper intercepted and carried off on its way from the king's kitchen to Miss Stewart's lodgings and that his majesty bad a Barmecide feast at the table of beauty. It was a joke quite in the humor of the age. ? The company melted out of the room ; all but Fareham, who watched Lady Castlemaine as she stood by the hearth in -an attitude of hopeless Eelf-forgetfulness, leaning against the lofty sculptured chimney-piece, one slender foot in gold -embroidered slipper, and trans parent stocking poised on the brazen fender, and her proud eyelids lowered as if there was no thing in this world worth looking at but the pile of ship's timber, burning with many colored flames upon the silver and irons. In spite of that sullen downward gaze she was conscious of Farebam's lingering. 'Why do you stay, my lord?' she asked, withoutlooking up. 'If your purse is heavy there are friends of mine yonder who will lighten it for you, fairly or foully. I have never made up my mind how far a gentleman may be a rogue with impunity. If you don't love losing nionoy you had best eat a good supper and begone.' ' I thank you, madam. I am more in tho mood for cards than for feasting.' She did not answer him, but clasped her hands suddenly before her face and gavo a heartbreaking sigh. Fareham paused on the threshold of the gallery, watching her, and then went slowly baclc, bent down to take the hand that had dropped at her side and pressed his lips upon it silently, respectfully, with a kind of homage that had become strange of late years to Barbara Palmer. Adorers she had and to spare, toadeaters and flatterers, a regiment of mercenaries; but these all wanted something of her— kisses, smiles, influence, money. Disinterested respect was new. ' I thought you were a Puritan, Lord Fare ham.' 'lama man; and I know what, it is to suffer the liell-fire of jealousy.' 'Jealousy, yes! I never was good at hiding my feelings. He treats me shamefully. Come, now, you take me for an abandoned, profligate woman, a callous *wauton. ?- That is what the world takes me for; and perhaps I have deserved no better of the world. But whatever I am 'twas he made me so. If he had been true' I coald have been constant. It is the insolence of abandonment that stings ; the careless slights, scarce conscious that he wounds. Before the eyes of the world, too, before wretches that grin and whisper and prophesy the day when my pride shall be in the dust. It is treatment such as this that makes women desperate ; and if we cannot keep him we love we make believe to love some one else and flaunt our fancy in the deceiver's face. Do you think I cared for Buckingham, with his heart of ice, or for such a snipe as Jermyn, or for a low born rope-dancer ? No, Fareham ; there has been more of rage aud hate than of passion in my caprices. And he is with Frances Stewart to-night. She sets up for a model of chastity and is to marry Richmond next month. But we know, Fareham, we know. Women who ride in glass coaches should not throw stones. I will have Charles at my feet again. I will have my foot upon his neck again. I cannot use him too.ill for the pain he gives me. There, g0 — gO j Why did you tempt me to lay my heart bare?' 'Dearest lady, believe me, I respect your candour. My fieart bleeds for your wrongs. So beautiful, so high above all other women in the capacity to charm ! Ah, believe me, such loveliness has its responsibilities. It is a gift from heaven, and to hold it cheap is a mis take.' 'There is nothing in this life can be held too cheap. Beauty, love— all trumpery ! You would make life 'a tragedy. It is a farce, Fareham, a farce ; and all our pleasures and diversions only serve to make us forget what worms we are.' There, go— to cards— to supper —as you please. I am going to my bed chamber to rest this aching head. I may return and take a hand at cards by- and-bye, perhaps those fellows will game and booze till daylight.' {To be continued.) 