THE PHANTOM .COACH. A LAGEND OF CHRISTMAS EVE. (BY BILLY. NUITS.) Hark ! ; 1-kear the sound of coaches. The honr of attack approaches. —Gay Beggars'' Opera. A pale moon was rising and struggling with a mass of gloomy cloud, casting a faint light over the dreary expanse of a moor in the north of England, silvering the bare branches of the few solitary clumps of trees that dotted the dreary expanse, and dimly revealing in ' the distance the ominous outline of a gibbet, from which depended the corpse of some miserable malefactor, ; creaking - in - his rusty chains, as a fitful moaning wind swept past at intervals. The. period -was in the early part of the- List' century' and the time Christmas Kve. In a hollow, . some distance off the road, which wound across the heath, and. partly sheltered from the piercing blast by some stunted brushwood, tw-j men , were crouching silently over the embers of a small fire, whose occasional, flicker lighted up their figures wrapped in the long riding cloaks of the time, while the occasional jingle of harness betokened the presence of their steeds tethered in close proximity. I he dying flame as it rose and fell fitfully gave glimpses of these two figures thus stranaelv occupied at such a season. One who was of medium height was of rather delicate build, with pale refined features of a somewhat . melancholy cast, and clad in a dark green riding coat which admirably displayed his . lithe figure. A cocked hat was .pulled over his brows, long boots encased his legs to the knees, and ;is he now and then moved restlessly, the firelight gleamed upon the silver-mounted butts of tivo pistols in his belt and the steel hilt of the rapier which hung by his side. His com panion was a decided contrast. 'I all and gaunt, over six feet in height, with long ungainly limbs, and a spare but sinewy frame surmounted by a rugged weather- beaten countenance, adorned with a Roman nose whose glowing hue spoke of deep potations, and whose appearance w:is none the more attractive for sundry strips of plaster which might have re sulted from honorable wounds in battle or the scars of some tavern brawl. As he bent over the embers to warm his hands, and threw back his cloak, he was seen to be clothed in a coat which had once been scarlet, now soiled with exposure to all weathers and. stained with the evidences of many a debauch. His funnel-topped boots extended far above his knees, his battered hat ornamented with adilapidated feather, once red, was cocked with a belligerent air over one eye, and his seini- military costume was completed like his companion's, with a belt holding two enormous liorse-pistols and a broad-sword of portentous length. In fact, once glance was sufficient to recognised thcin as "gentlemen of the road," or as they were called in tlieir own slang vernacular "liigh- tobymeu." I he shorter was well known and feared by peaceful travellers under the sobriquet of Gentleman George, and his companion who assumed the title of Captain, was familiarly known among his associates as Long John. I'he first sat with liis head resting upon one hand, soun.uigly absorbed in thought ; the second was v silent and puffed abstractedly at a shoit j n p—, — . i ,, «hirrinrr j now .and then with a restless movement) and a iound between a grunt and a cough as if 'wishing, yet fearing to break in upon his companion's meditations. At length he withdrew his pipe and spoke. " rJr-umph ! how now, my noble cap tain, in doleful dumps, aud at Christmas time, too ? - Come, cheer up, one jtjood parlor of tlie Green Dragon, and our pals with a rousing bowl of punch. I ashings of lush and jolly companions, what more can we want in this life ? " "Jack, my good fellow," said the other abruptly, as he looked up, " did your ever have a presentiment ?" " Eh, what ! a present— what d'ye call it, some kind of a Christmas-box, er- umph ? " "That might be," replied Captain George, " but not a very pleasant one, if it be as I fear. You have been in tlie wars, iis you have often told us. Did you never know of one of your comrades, who had ii feeling before the battle that he would never come out of it alive ? " " Er-uniph ! Now you talk about it, I remember something of the sorb. There Wiis young Staunton, my right hand man as jolly and brave a trooper as ever took the King's shilling. -Ve had ridden boot to boot through the Frenchmen as we would go through a field of standing corn, and never a fear of steel or bullet ; but- the night before the fight at Oudeuarde he was sitting by me very quiet, same as you've been, when he says to me very softly — "-lack, we'll have our last ride together to-morrow." " You be " says 1, just to cheer him up like, " the bullet's riot cast that'll knock either of us over yet. We'll have many a- jolly carouse together yet. What's put this nonsense into your head?" ' I don't know,' says he, shaking his head, ' but, Jack, I'm a (lead man before this time to-morrow— 1 somehow feel it.' And, by Gad, sir, in the; very last charge he reels 111 his saddle, and looks at me with a smile aud says, ' Jack, I've got it,' and down he went, aud that lliglit J helped to carry in his body. But what's that got to do with us ? We've all got to die some time or other, so let's enjoy ourselves while we can. That's my motto." " Ah, Jack !" returned Captain George, " there is no accounting for these things. You have found me, i think, as bold and reckless as any of you" — Jack nodded emphatically—" but something tells me my race is nearly run. - Before I meet my fate, whatever, it may be, let me tell you something which will make you think I have some reason for my forebodings. Do you know iJanvers iall?" "Away to the westward," said Tack, "about a score of miles as I reckon. What's that got to do with it ?" "Listen, and I will tell you as shortly as 1 may, for I feel sure my hours, nay minutes, are numbered. You have always known me as Gentleman George -gentle- man, God help me— but my proper name is George Danvers, and but for my own folly or the destiny of our' family, call it what you will, I would be.keeping Christ mas Eve like an honest English gentleman in that very hall, instead. of crouching here shivering on a bleak- moor like the thief and vagabond I am. Nay, Jack, my good fellow, don't interrupt me; I meant no slur upon our noble profession. Well ! to go on with my story. Our ancestors had always been famous or infamous, whichever you like, for their prodigality and recklessness, but my great-grandfather exceeded them all in riotous living. He got the. name throughout the country-side of " Devil Danvei's," go you may think what kind of a reputation he had made for himself. H e delighted in getting together a crowd of boon companions, as bad or worse than himself, and keeping up such scandalous revelry, that anyone who passed the hall on such nights, and saw the flaring lights and heard the blasphemous jokes and ribald songs of this diabolical crew, fled shuddering from the spot. Well, this went on until one night when somehow the conversation turned upon death, and siquii-e Danvers, with dreadful oaths, fiwore that lie would never die until the devil came with a coach and four to fetch him away in state.1 Only a week after was Christinas eve. i he hall was full of guests and the riot and reyelry was at its height, when the bell at the lodge-gates was rung loudly and .impatiently.' There was no one to open the gates, but for all ' that they were heard to open, and then came the sound of wheels crunching on the gravel of the drive that ran round to the front of the mansion, and the regular beat of hoofs. 'Sonie of the guests ran to the windows, but .-'quire Danvers kept his seat, saying, " rla, another visitor, the more the merrier, he's welcome even if he comes from the infernal (regions. " »-v those who were looking- out silently motioned to the others to come and look, and those few who did— for an awful dread and silence seemed to fall upon the company— saw a 600)$ aud fouriflorsus ".all and looking ghostly in the dim light, come sweeping round to the hall door, where it halted and stood, horses and all, as if carved' in stone. Then- (there were three thunderiug knocks at the door, but the guests looked in each others' white faces and no one moved or spoke, but Squire Danvers stood up with a brimming goblet in his band, and cried in an awful voice "He's come for me," and with a dreadful laugh fell back in his chair. Then, the spell-bound spectators saw' the; spectral coach sweep away round-; the drive, the gates clanged together, ; and when; they turned to look to their host, Squire Danvers" lay ; back" there inThis chair at the head of the table, stone-dead, with staring. eyes and a look of awful terrbr upon his ashen features." Of course it was- noised ' abroad that his' , Satanic" majesty had' come to fetchrffiimi 'as": fie boasted,- But it is said that ever since; if any one of our family meetsrith a' sudden-pr violent death, 7 the same phantom coach always makes its appearance." : " But you're not at the Hall to-night, my noble captain," - broke in 'Jack, " so if his infernal majesty, sends ' his coach," why you ' wont be there, so he'llbe dis appointed;- that's all, :cr- umph ! ". " Don't deceive 'yourself, my .good fellow- " 'replied Captain George,' '-'it will come wherever 'may be, even in this un likely place. Er-iimph !' will it, by Gad ! " cried Jack, " then 'we'll liave che' chance to say ' stand and deliver ' to Old'Nick himself, though I doubt if he'd be worth robbing.- But we'll hope for-soniething more profit able this night-. Put these old' women's ghost stories out of your head, , my noble captain, and be your old valiant self. But whatever happens, here's your old friend and comrade, that'll 'stand' by you, shoulder to shoulder, and face either man or devil." " -poken like the good fellow and firm frieiid that you are, 'Jack," cried Captain George as he grasped his comrade's hand ; "if my presentiment comes ' true Isliall have at least one faithful follower to grieve at my loss." ( " Er-umpli, nonsense," growled Long John somewhat huskily, " never say die ; you're; riot dead anyhow, and we'll have many a moonlight ride together yet. Bub come, to horse and let us be moving, -or we'll freeze where we are sitting. And if I'm not mistaken, I spy something which means business, so ' Hurrah for the road' once more." - So saying he pointed to tlie distant horizon, where faintly revealed by the struggling moonbeams there appeared a dark blot against the wintry sky, slowly moving towards them. The pair of watchers quickly moved to tlieir steeds, and swinging themselves into the saddle moved at a smart walk towards the road so as to intercept the approaching vehicle. This came on slowly and steadily, and as it did so Captain George eyed it with a fixed and observant gaze, and suddenly, with a jerk at the bridle, pulled up short. Long John, on the contrary, touched his horse with the spur and bounded forward. " Hold, for your life !" cried George, as he spurred beside his companion and seized his' bridle. Long John lialu., and turned with amazement on his face as.' -into the pallid countenance of his mate. - show the white feather now we've a chance of a good haul ?" " Keep back, madman, that you are,'' said Captain George in an agitated whisper, "that is no earthly object. 'As. sure as death it is the pliant"'" -jacii I spoke of, i . , — good as a dead man. " Er-umpli ! I care not, so long as it is a coach, I'll see what's to be made of it. Man or devil, here goes." And with the word the reckless fellow dashed forward, and Captain George, de termined to stand by him in life or death, as he h id so often done, sprang to his side, and stood by the roadside as the mysterious vehicle came on with the same steady, unfaltering rate of progress. The cloudy night showed nothing distinctly, and all that tlie waiting highwaymen could discern w.is a dark mass drawn by four coal-black steeds, whose foot-falls beat with a hollow and unearthly sound on the frozen road. As it came closer the pair dashed into the middle of tlie road, aud Long John, pistol in hand, shouted with unfaltering voice, "Stand and deliver ! " ' here was a rush as of a mighty wind, and as the spectral cortege swept by both men and horses were thrown violently to the ground, there was a njocking burst of; satanic laughter, and the phantom coach rapidly disappeared in the distance. Ina few minutes the horses struggled to their feet, quivering in every limb, and snorting as ill fear. Then presently Long John staggered upright, rubbing his head as if bewildered, but the form of Captain George lay where lie had fallen, stretched out ' motionless. Confused aud braised as he was, his brain in a whirl, and every limb aching with pain, Long John's first thought was for his, canfcain. Stoon- ing over him, lie, thought he ielt a faint pulsation at the heart, and gently drew him off the road, and laid him on the grass. Kneeling beside him, he raised George's head, and supporting it with one arm, , applied his spirit flask to the pallid lips of the prostrate man, , who opened his eyes and looking up into the anxious face of his faithful comrade, faintly murmured "Jack, old friend, good-bye ; " and with a fluttering sigh his head fell back and his spirit fled. For so me minutes Long. John remained motionless, gazing at the rigid features of his dead leader, and something trickled down his nose and splashed upon, the white face of his comrade. -. Then, lie arose, and taking Captain George's cloak, spread it over his. body, and returning to his horse which stood motionless in the same spot, slowly mounted and rode back towards the dead man, beside whose body stood liis horse with bent neck as if enquiring why her rider-should lie there so quiet. Long John caught at her bridle, but the: faithful animal, constant in death as in life, refused to move, and with one more lingering gaze at the dark heap upon the ground, he struck spur into his steed- and galloped swiftly away as if impatient to leave the fatal scene of his ghostly adventure. It was early on Christmas morning that n passing- horseman, attracted by the sight of the riderless horse and the dark' shape at liis feet, rode up, and after a brief ex amination hurried on to the nearest town and told his tale. Two constables, at tended by a cart, went out and brought iu the corpse, the faithful animal closely following. Hie enquiry that followed was of brief duration. Both man and horse were well enough known far and wide through the countryside, the rider only as 1 aptain George, the leader of a band of highwaymen who had for years infested the roads and defied the vigilance of the authorities. The doctor who at tended affirmed the cause of death to be heart-disease accelerated by some sudden shock. A verdict was given in accordance, and all ljurried off to their Christmas din ner, "while the' hody of Captain George, who was considered to fiaye cheated the gallows, was consigned to the earth with scant ceremony, and the last of the Dan vers slept liis last sleep in a nameless grave. Long John was never heard of -again. J hether - he went back to the wars and died an honorable death in battle, or was knocked on the ! head in some vulgar brawl was never known. In these times a man more or less in the world was a matter of small importance, and Long John was never missed. There was no one next of kin tq ?laim the estate of the i >anvors, and after a while the ancestral hall was purchased by a parvenu who had made a fortune by soap boiling, and who, aftor much prodigality of hospitality, succeeded in gaining the countenance and support of )' the neighboring county families. -He was a.lover of Old English customs, and "kept-- open house, with a profusion which filled the old mansion with light and revelry every Christmas rive, but t-he-ancient-.line was ex-tjnet, .apd never more were the gates entered by tlie HasMin'Qafdu _;N:. - .; 