Rosine's Romance. 1 When Miss Magnolia carefully .witiidrew the dresis from the great ?cedar trunk, unpinned the old damask taible cloth which enveloped It, and spread out its sinning Colds for .the admiration of her nleee, Eosine; that young lady clasped her pretty hands and quoted Keats: "A thing- of beauty is a joy for ever," she said. Miss Magnolia nodded and smiled." Shewas small and round and l>rown as I a anaiden lady of a decidely certain age <eonld be. ®ut her heart, whic-li had been Ml of sentiment once, was- a warmand sensatSve organ still. Anfl she took a deal of interest in Sosine's romance. 'Yes, my dear. It 5s a thing of beau ty. And to think I never wore It but twice ! Dear, Bear 1" "You Had a lover them auntie?" asked Kosine. ?"Yes. pet. "tfhis was one of the dresses I got for my marriage, ©at lie went away-an business, he said and he never 'came back. It is just the gown for your fancy dress ball," hurried on Miss Magnolia. "A trifle short, of course, but there is quite a piece turned in at the top that you could let down. .Ton -shall go as a lady off long ago." "Xoi so very long ago," protested Eosine, with a laugh. 'iBut really, auntie, I don't Ufee to take it; it is too lovely.T "Xot for a raimant of war ? Be member, you are going to conquer the dragon !" -mat is so. And the master should have written. Thrice is 6be araned who wears a pretty dress.' The foe against whom Hiss Rosine Wilde pnt&ose; arraying herself was the obdurate onele of Jier handsome lover. He bad promptly and perverse ly opposed the marriage of hie nep hew. The young fellow -would Law Ignored the refusal of bis relative .were ft not that the old gentleman: bad always been very kind to him; bad, indeed, taken the place of his deadjEather. 6b lie had dec-ided that Rosine should meet his uncle, and put his prejudice to rout "He is coming to visit an old fri end of his," <3yril had said-"Judge Oliartean. You know the Charteau family. Of course yon havje heard they are going- .to give a fancy dress ball next month in honour of the com ing of their daughter Msette v/»n will receive a cord. You "will attend. You will meet Uncle Albert, and yon will take bis to earl by storm'!'' ?Hopefully be bad planned Me scheme; enthusiastically had he ex plained it. Sat Eosine protested. It was to be a grand' ball, and she had nothing to ?wear. Besides, slie did not Mke the idea of plotting to make a .person Ijfce her. 'BJess you!' cried Cyril, 'he doesn-t dislike you./ don't believe he even knows yo# name. Sis resentment is general, not particular. As soon as I told him 1 was in love with a southern girl, he-lie (I have to drop into eSang, Eosine)-he sat square down on me. It seems a southern giri jilted him when he was young, and he is bound to save me from ~a like awful Cate: ?But when he once sees yon he is bound to capitulate. He is a regnlar oil brick-UnxSle Albert!' *But I have nothing to wear. And what is more, I cannot buy a dress for jthe Charteatt baJL We-tlnnt Mewnn iia and I-are aspoor ,as the proverb ial chnrch mice." (But jnst then Miss ^Magnolia cam© to Bosine'-s relief, like a regular little fairy god-snoiher. *H»e/very* thing!' ehe cried-"my primrose s&tin.;' Bosie regarded her dufeionsly, de lightedly. She knew her aunt had al ways guarded jealously her trnnktfnl of treasures. her jewels, her laces, her rich, stiff, glistening old brocades. Do yon mean it, auntie?' j .Xlfes Magnolia's bright old eyes | winked very rapidly indeed. "I do, my dear. 1 .was youngomee myself.' And that was hoiw Rosie Wilde came to be the belie of Mime. Gharte au's fancy- dress ball. The proposed festivity had been the talk of Xew Orleans for several weeks. The night long anticipated "was cool, crisp, sweet; and pearly.. The broad balconied old residence of St. Charles street was brilliancy lighted up. iMany a carri age rolled op, rolled off. When Bosie descended from the barouche of her chaperon, she felt somewhat nervous, though conscious she was looking re markably .welQ-as. indeed, she .was.! Quite a picture was the pretty young figure in tlie clinging gown "f pale yellowish satin, picturesquely puffed and quaiqtly fashioned. Tlie carsage, out roundly, revealed the fircn. full throat. Dainty mouse-skin swathed the arms, which, of slender, ware also exquisitely rounded, and the small, olfre- tinted face was lit to loveliness by pansy l>lack eyes. A. flash of ador ation succeeded the serene nonchal ance of CJyril Rodney's countenance as | he caught eight of her. Me made his way to her side. I *Queeu ftosxne!' he murmuned. Tou're l>y far the prettiest girl here to- night. Poor Oncle Albert *i How , complete will be hi® surrender T She swept him a mocking courtesy. "&31!' she said, smilingly, *if that conviction were not mine ' The .sentence ended in a long, soft sigh. "Sd tu pas gagne,' he began. 'Con found it, I never can get my tongue j around your creolelsms! The saying J Is, however, that if there were no i sighing in the world, the world would «rifle. 5fow prepare to face the mus , ic !' ' Amd off he went. He soon r°tui"v ed. By his side was a sturdy old gen tleman. BosLne's jieart beat more raipidiy. The drjigon!' she said. Silver^ hair iBd the dragon. 'A 3aa& moustache bad the dragto. A fljorid cojnpiexioii 'had tli(e di-agpji. Aanfl ia manner that was .grave, digni fied, -courteous. ' 'Cincie Albert,' explained Cyril, -with boyaeli eagerness, this is Miss Roeine Wilde.' I 'Wilde!' The old gentleman t>. , Led ereeptsbiy. He looked at the bltiiS ling girl, at the yellowish gown. He bowed. . iAnd, avowed young Bodney;. send ing a swift smile of eaeo uargement, 'and- the young lady of whoiu I spoke to you.' *Ohr exclaimed Albert Ellsworth. Then interrogatively. IWPde? "Wlas your father's name (Clayton Wilde?' Rosine asseuted. 'Afnd yonr mother's maiden name was Magnolia Kahgsliy Y" *Oh, dear, no! Aunt Magnolia was never married; My mother's name was Madeline Kangsley.' .**11!' cried Hie dragon. ' Tlie florid color had faded froon her cheeks. He was tagging nervously at his dark moustache. He looked agita ted and perplexed. I 'My mother died ten years ago,", said Rosine. 'and since then I have I lived witli Aunt Magnolia..* Mr. Ellsworth regarded her grimly. 'Is that,* he asked afornprly, 'your aunt's gown you have on? The soft rose fire in the girl's cheek deepened. - - i .How in the world did yon knorcv?' she counter questioned. iA. queer "wavering smile was his only reply. ?A constrained silence ensued. Cyril gave his uncle an astonished glanc-e. iSo> Magnolia is an old maid ?' said Mr. Ellsworth. aJbrupKiy. If she is,' cried Etosine, stung to de fence by a reinarfc she considered rude, 'it is (because she was true to an uowortihy lover.' *EBi !' ejaculated Mr. Ellsworth tnore shai^ly than before. And sud denly he tamed and walked away. The follorwins day lie insisted on ac companying bis nephew -to the gaunt, rannshackle, once aristocratic old bouse in the EYencfli quarter where Kosine lived'. AJs tiUey were passing the vault- ; ed entrance to the little flagged court-' yard, Albert Efiswortih caught sigbt oif a 'familiar fiigmre moving among Hie potted palms anSd boxes of blooms. "Gon on, lafl !' be said to Cyril. He liad paused, and was looking through the brief avenue off gloom to tflie iH'iilitn-ess beyond". Kyril -was albout to question this new vagary, when the thought of a pecu liar possibility made Irian catch his 'breath and' do as bidden. He knotiked at the barred badli door and was ad mitted to ®psipe'e radiantl presence. And meamwMle his ancle went into the .cfanrtyard. The little old iady stand ing by the banana tree looked tip at .the sound off the step on tiie stones. IMiagnolia!' he cried. Bliss Magnolia gazed at him in a dazed, half-tfri'gOi tened way. Did ghosts ever agapear in. tlie daytime 7 Stouter than lie whom she had knowm, and with hair grown ,grey, trat the same. (Ajxmnd her, im a fantastic dance, flie broken- fountain, tihe. long leoired Jbanana trees, and tflie giant oleandeirs went- whiiiin^. She didn't faint, but she came nearer to it than she bad ever come in her life. iDo you thirik I had deserted yon, iSEaguoliai ? When I teffit yon, to go ?North, on business, I Ijeaseveti in you as I've never believed in anyone since. And wihile anvay I heard ami' read fliat yoa had: married mat young Wilde I ?used to be eo jealous of. So I went to Europe, and I stayed there." iBut Clayton "Wilde married Made line. T always told yaii he came to eee her.' 'Yes, X fcnaw tlhait-nolw. " I was a fool to have been so easily convinced of your -fiaSsity. Yon haven't changed i a bit. I knew you i£he moment. I eaw you.' Miss Jlagnolia smiled delightedly. iShe did not know he (had expected to see, her. , i * liever Sorgotihe dress you wore the last tinae i saw you,' declared Mir Eflswrort3i,waxing- ifervent, 1 recognis ed it oa yaat niece last night.' * 1 . ftiast n^ht ? Aire you.-surely you are not the drag-on T *Wbara% T .®he -4Jie dragon 3' atfltered- Miss Ma&tiolia.; ' iMa*. EMsworth still looked l>lBnk. - 23jhaJt,' mmnmemred the little lady, feeling rihe was in for it, amd might as well rnlake a clean (breast, 'was :What Xtosine and I caJled Cyril's uncle. And Rosine was going to ooaqiuer 111T.' He burst out lauglhing. TFeSl, stbe did. TXie iboy shall marry Madeline's pretty daughter. *And you, Magnolia, shall marry me!' j 'XJ'h, dear no ; Rn too old!'' fXot a day.' lAnd1 wgiy-now.' 'Lovliest woman in the world' to fine,' insisted the dragon, loyally . *Bless yon, iny children,' cried a voice tfram aibore. Tihe pair in the courtyard glanced ttp. On one of the inner (balconies stood Rosie and Cyril. 'Vanish, yon scamps,' roarced tlie dragon. *1 dhan't allow you to marry a Southern girl. sir !' sbouted Cyril, as he and Roeine beat a retreat. Laughing and breatliiess, they (faced each other In 4Qie old drawing-room. 'Everything, is lovely, sweetheart!' cried* Cyril, in an ecstasy* 