BODT SNATCHING. The Dublin graveyards are nearly all outside the walls— that is, supposing the walls to exist which once made Dublin a fortified town. There are a surprising number of them when one thinks of it, and the more surprising that they are not churchyards, but simply places of sepulture, though occasionally a ruined gable thrusting itself above the grey headstones proves that once the graves were clustered about a church. There is quite a ring of those almost forgotten graveyards surrounding Dublin at every point — gruesome places until Nature has quite recovered them, and, as in the case of Bully Acre, the most famous of them, hidden, all except the shoulders of the gravestones, under the long waving grey-green masses, as luxuriant as the coarse grass ot American prairies. But this does not take place until man has consented to give back the graveyard to Nature ; and this is what be is loth to do in Ireland. He clings to his own right, and his children's, to be buried with his fathers as strenuously as he clings to his patch of land while he lives. Why, the attempts of the Royal Hospital authorities to close, or even to enclose, Bully's Acre caused the most violent riots in Dublin. Once the Liberty Boys marched out to attack the Royal Hospital, and were met with closing of the gates and hasty arming of the veterans who had fought at Minden, Dettingen, and Ihe Heights of Abraham. The mob was ' repulsed with some slaughter by the old soldiers, but the attempt to enclose the historic graveyard was given up. The place was finally closed as a burial ground after the cholera of 1832 had congested it past its utmost limits. They buried 500 there in ten days. The same year saw the burial there of Dan Donnelly, the famous pugilist, who had in international combat beaten the Englishman, Cooper, in that indentation of the Curragh of Kildare | known since as Donnelly's Hellow. Nothing would please his adoring cnuntrvinen but to burv their champion in what is known as ' Brian Boru's grave.' And there under the ancient cross of St. Marguend the prizefighter's dust mingles with the royal dust of the victor of Glontarf. Old people in Ireland will tell you of Donnelly's triumphant entry into Dublin after the prize-fight. He was carried on men's shoulders ia the midst of a roar ing sea of men, while his old mother walked at the head of the procession, crying with exultant pride as she beat her bosom. { A couple of miles or so from Bully's ? Acre, on the high road leading to j Kildnre, is Blue Bell graveyard, which used to be the scene of many body- 1 snatching exploits. It, too, is closed as a place of burial, though, still, ' burials take place there by stealth. It is hidden by a high wall, with a big gate at one end, and a lonely lane leads to it from the road. Such places, in their loneliness ani isolation, were the body-snatchers' opportunity. I know one who when his locks were lintwhitc was an innocent accomplice in body-snatching. I give the recital jn his own words : ' There was a man named Jemmy Byrne, in my grandfather's employ, used to drive a milk-cart to Dublin by the Naas-roaa every morning. I was a roby-cheeked little chap at the time, not above 8 years of age. One morning I was in the cart with Jemmy, and it was the grey of the morning. When we came nigh Blue Bell Jemmy pulled up in the shadow of the wall and gave a low whistle. There was another whistle out of the dark, and then two fine, able-bodied young fellows lifted a sack into the cart. The minute we had it Jemmy drove off like blazes. * Sit down on the sack,' said Jemmy to me, 'an* make yourself comfortable, a»' if we're stonned iust keen your seat an' look quiet an' easy, an' 111 bay you a fine lump -tf ginger-bread.' We weren't stjpped that morning. Fwe no doubt Jemmy couldu't have had a better disguise than iny innocent face, j Twas long afterwards, when I was nearly a man grown, that I knew what j we picked up in the sack and dropped ? at Steevens' Hospital. They used to ( give Jeuimy one-and-six or two shillings for fetching in the body among the milk-cans. Jemmy was the devil for roguery of all sorts; but I wouldn't have taken the risk, not L' | The risk was no light thing. Tho relatives of the dead used to watch the graves, and woe to the body-snatcher who was caught redhanded ! Young Dr. Abraham Colles, of Merrion Square, was cither shot dead in a boily snatching melee, or died of theH wounds. It was at Saggard church yard, further into the country than Blue Bell, and in a wild mountainous district. He and some others wore lifting thn body o£ a young girl who had dieii of consumption, when tlmy were surprised by tho watchers. The mau who tired that fatal shot was a near relative of the dead girl. No one betrayed him, though everyone knew ; I suppose $hey thought it Was a just retribution. The man died the other day at a ripe age. I had seen him many a time, ruddy-cheeked, blue-eyed, his red beard beginning to gritilc. To judge by bis looks, Dr. Colles's death had not lain heavily on his heart or conscience. Sir Dominic Corrigan used to tell of how he took part in body*snatcbing expeditions, and of how he had to run for his life from Bully's Acre, with an infuriated crowd at his heels. A friend of mine became very innocently involved In as disagreeable an adven ture. He is an enthusiastic anti quarian, and being on a visit with a friend, a country doctor, he sug gested one evening that they might see the old abbey by moonlight* The abbey is on a headland jutting into the bay. They reached the place before the moon was up, and having left the town behind found the country en veloped in the pitchy blackness before moon-rising. They had taken the pre ? caution to bring a lantern, however, and this they proceeded to light when they had turned into the long, lonely lane, which is so truly a road of sorrow. Arrived at the abbey, they amused themselves while waiting for moon rising by deciphering with the aid of the lantern the inscriptions on the old tombs. A wet fog was blowing in from the sea by this time, and they began to consider the advisability of geHing back to their warm fireside. Kuddenlv there was a faint rnstlinsr movement through the long grass about the graves. ' Ghosts !' said my friend. ' Worse,' said the other man in a fierce whisper. ' The watchers ! Out with the lantern, and make a dash for your life J' The lantern was blown out and flung down with a clatter on a hidden gravestone. That minute there seemed to be a rush from every side. ' God grant now the moan doesn't rise !' prayed the unhappy antiquarian. He eluded half a dozen grips as he made his dash for life. At every step he fell over old headstones, or stumbled upon graves. AH around him he heard men cursing below their breaths as they too groped and felt in the blackness. He was some time before he found an exit from the grave yard, for though the moon rose the fog was a thick white vapor. Once his presence of mind saved him. He was suddenly caught and held in the mist. ' Damn it, man,' he said in a husky whisper, ' don't throttle a friend !' The hand relaxed from his throat, and a few minutes later ho was pelting across fields as hard as he could go in the direction of the town. His friend had reached home before him, and was considering whether friendship obliged him to call in the police. ' I knew if they had you it was murder,' he said ; ' but, on the other hand, if they knew it was I was in your company, uiy i houoc would be wrecked and myself 1 driven out in the world. Oh, the devil take you and your antiquities 1' i '? Easy,' said the other, ' 'twas yourself i should have known the folly of the thing. And surely you could have . cleared yourself to your own towns men i' *' The waters of the ocean ; wouldn't wash me !' said the doctor, . ' anil, anyhow, they'd sjive me no trial. 'Twould be a case of hanging first and trying me afterwards, But all's well Uia.t eilUB weti. xiiercii ire a uuua baloo about the body-snatching, but they'll put it down to the lads from G ? Medical School. One de vil nient more or less to the account of those luckos won't matter.' — Pall Mail Gazette. .. SuootWfl JosTififiD. — At the Liverpool -KnS-) Assizos, before Mr. Justice Collins, a ense which excited considerable local interest was disposed of. Jimes Guy, a fanner, of Gateacra, was charged with having fired n. gun at. and grievtoasly wounded James Gallagher on September 23 last. It appeared that Gallagher, his brother, and fino'.lier inau were seeking employ ment at the sewonige works, where Guy was employed tu -lo some carting. The men quarrelled, stones were thrown, and Guy was chased into his house. He then brought out a. double-barrelled gun, shot James Gallagher seriously, and slightly wounded his brother. At the conclusion of the case for the prosecu tion his lordship said that on the evi dence given the Gallaghers commenced the assault, and continued the attack in a way which justified the prisoner in doing what he did to protect I himself against a formidable attack by three men. The jurv at once -acquitted the prisoner. High Pbicb for L&nd; in Cocsty Tyuone. — Mr. P. Flanugaii, auctioneer, Dungannon, put up for sale a (arm of | land adjacent In the village of Donagh more, containing ton acres, at the yearly j rent of £i 1 3s. 5.1. The farm is leased for over. AfW spirited comjM'tition Mr. P. M'I.thou was declared pur chaser at £o'M, being £33 per acre. 