lain Girls "Do plain iris ever become pretty?"' asks a corr pondent. The answer is, Not always. Sometimes a girl of ordin ary looks g fs into a most fascinating woman, an if not absolutely beautiful, may clah to be good looking. How ofte the tall, bony; awk ward gir the acknowledged ugly duckling the family-develops into a perfect pecimen of lovely ,woman. The bony limbs have rounded them selves, pl p soft flesh has filled up un sightly h ows, the squareness and an gularity _ departed, and the budding woman I. is delicately proportioned as Venus. st so the plain girl of 17 may in time scome the attractive young lady of or so. A face that in early youth is plank and devoid of expres sion ofte changes considerably as the girl gro older, giving to the atures a beaut that was not traceabl$ there before. eauty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness play se rious h w? with a handsome face; and not the. alone, for Nature, of her own accord, metimes erases the loveliness, leaving he Jace a very ghost of its former s f." The-features are hnatal tered so uch as the expression, and expressi has a deal to do with the beauty of ountenance. In fact, a plain face owe:much of its unattractiveness to its la4 of expression-there are a heavinessand stolidity about it; where as a be atiful one, if not actually bristling ith animation, has a grace ful alrines and ease that add greatly to its chain. For the plain girl in her' teens the4 is hope of restitution,. for as the mJd becomes a woman she undergoes a. wonderful transformation: With the i*velopment of the figure the face oftet alters considerably, and mostly foi the better. How often one hears the cmark among friends, meet ing after ipme few years of absence, "How yot have altered; I really shouldn't. have known you." Plain girls, therdfure, are not always plain; and health.- exercise, happiness, and contentmenj with care and attention, may do mtei toward the development of good locts and general attractive ness. -"Excinge." - 