ECHOES OP SPORT. ft . U, i- :' (i THE CALENDAE. . ? ' RACING September 9, 10— Narrabri i entrieB principal evonts this evening | other handicaps, Sept. 7. l'IGKON SHOOTING. September 12 — Lbohinvar; cntrioe, Sept. 3. Maokilandhr. — The statement did nob uppoar in this journal, and us a matter of fact Scots' Grey and Carbine are not bait brotbera. Tbe former is out of Maid of Athol j tbe letter's dam is Mersey, and although both, aro by Musket 'only horses ouc of tho same dam are recognised as half brothers or Bisters, as the sex may be. 2. ' Scots' Grey won several race's, but I have not space tor his performances, Tho names of Delaware and Bob Bay have been take a out of tbe Melbourne Cup list. The brood, mares Prosperity, Ellerstene, and Tuberose, have thrown foals fco Trenton, Broken Hill, and Carlyon respectively. Those of tho finit tiaraed two are fillies. Duke of Richmond, which Mr. John Crozier gave SOOga. for a short; while back, has gone wrong, and will not fulfill any of his spring engagements, which include tho Oaulfield and Melbourne Cups. The days of light handicaps are at an end, as Mr. Goodchap's motion, by which the top weight in any handicap is not to be lean titan Ost. 51b. wau carried yesterday at tho A.J.O. annual meeting.- This should have been douo years ago. Lord Cobham, the most famous of tho famous Lyttolton family, often declares that 600 years hence only three men living at present will be remembered : Spoffortli among bowlers, Grace among batsmen, and Roberts among billiard players. An Australian writing from England anont the Australian orioketors states : — 'Our wicket-keeping is bad. Neither Kelly uor Johns can take Jones, oven when they stand back, I think Jones had hud fully a dozen catches missed o££ him in tho matches I have seen.' ; . / A trotting match for ,£26.a-Bide took place yester day at Canterbury Park between G. Hayes's grey mare Little Dot and E. P. Curtis's grey gelding Darkie. Little Dot won by nearly a quarter of a mile in 6mln. 51£ boob, for tho three miles, which waB very good going. Billy and Boon Moore have now turned their attention to baseball, and they recently took part in tho first match over placed in WeBt Australia.' Tho eretwhile Maitlandors displayed fine form, according to a Perth paper, but their team — they played for Premantle— was beaten. Yesterday nt Liamoro racers Io — what a namo ! — and Lorimor wore the only 'starters for tho Produce Stakes. Three to one waB laid on tho latter, but his oppouont, who is by First Water out of Irene, won easily. A horse called Jerome won two events, and D-ilby sepurod the prinoipal handicap. Stoddart tells a capital story of how he was pestered by intorvioners on Iub return from Aus tralia last year. The Middlesex obnmpion refused to bo 'drawn,' and his interviewers finally g-ivo him up. One adventurous gentleman, however, made his way into tho pavilion at Lords, and, seating himself bosido Mr. Stoddart, said:— I really think you ought to give ino an interview, considering that I once helped you to put on ICO runs.' 'When was that P' said Stoddart, not 'rooolleoting the partnership alluded to. ' Why,' raplied tho other, '.don't you romember I missed you in a match at Eating before you soorod, and \- you raado 1G0 afterwards P' Moat of the stories told about ' W,G.' are tho hoariest old chestnut', but tho folUwing is now, and, whnt is more wonderful,' perfectly' true. In ' his vory young days the champion was playing in 'a small match coar Bristol. He had soorod his ,7 usual century, and was thon employed in mowing i down the wlokots of tho opposition, when ono of tho batsmen skied a ball to square-log, Not being euro of his fieldsman, ' W.G.' shouted to him to loivvo tho ball alone, and Bprintlng round behind the wiokot brought off a nmgnlfionnt oatoh, ?' Wel,l, blosB me 1' said tho discomfited batsman, j ns ho ninde his way to the tent, ' tho next thing that man will do will be to wiokefc-koop to his own . bowling 1' Very, fow people are awaro of a poouliar record possessed by Grace, In all his long oareor i ho has novor been no-balled, except on one oooitsion ; in 1804, whioh was boforo ho oan fairly be said to V have outorod flrst-clues orickot. 1 The Jfortborn Jookoy Olub did so well out of its . rooont moo mooting that several members of tho oommitteo oxprosB thomaolvos as determined that no pains will bo spurod to make Rutherford a popular rendezvous for sporfomon in tho future, At the head of this ' progressive party,' ns I may bo porinittod to stylotheni, marobos Captain Holden, and tho genial skippor is apparently ombued with a doairo to malco tho oourac as pretty and comfort ablo as his own drawing-room. Ho intend?, if possible,, to have .trees planted at suitable iutorvnla about tbe saddling pnddook, and Mouars. G, Olift and H. G, Tuok havo aided and abettod tho Captain in his laudable design no far as to promise aa gifts an many poppor and otbor trooa In tholr poBHOBsion ns oro roquired. They would certainly bo a groat ' iiniM'ovoinent in tho 'proBont bare onolosuru, and boforo long I hopo to 1 seo their umbrageous, branches casting pleasant' 'Shadow's on the award. A scliomo for tho proper ? drainage of tho paddock in ordor to transform it from tho dismal Slough of Doapoad it was last .Fri day, is aloo gathering slmpo in the aotivo brains of Captain Holdon nnd tho lion, soorotary, nnd it la 'certain that gravol will bo. lnid ovor at loiinfc a por ttpn'Ofltho plaoo, which, with tan wallce, will onauro dry foot ; ovon if tho public oannob always bo ? guaranteed dry bonds. 3y tho way, tho reoont ftdditlan to tho liorso boxes him brought tho number up to forty-soven, which is aunioiont to onouro aooomtnbdfttion for oquinoa for uiuny a long day. , ' ' '/ ??;??? fv .?? ; . ?? Tho English sporting paporo by last mull givo full details of tho raoo bot\»oon Stanbury arid 'Harding on July 18. Ono of them says t 'Mnny onothor athlete would havo btokoit down under tho groat utrain and tromondouBly hard work whioh iho AUBtrnllan had goiio through. Ho was not in flt'oondllion when hu mot Harding, yet ho rowod with giant ntrongth, and it was perfectly clear boforo tho two hrnl linuri rowing one minuto that Harding wan button, 'Wio Enrclinlnmin rowed up ?to hin paufi form, but what upnob ciloulatlniia waa that BUnbury wan over uo miuih fantor than lCug llnh naoplu K»vo him credit for. If, «« bin U iondo avorrod boforo the raoo, Staabury wf40 nob within [engthe of his form, then in the zenith of his fara ' he must have been a marvel. Stanbury knocked 13seo. off the record which Barry established from Putney to Hammersmith. As a matter of 'fact, Harding never once looked dangerous, and had Stinbury been pushed ho could, on the fast flood, have easily established a record for the whole distance. Stanbury was the nominal favourite, but for money Harding was really in better demand. Harding won tho toss, and chose the Surrey side of tho river. It was a splendid start. Stanbury pulled 18 in the opening half-minute to Hardirig's 17. Every time Stan bury dipped bis sculls he drew away from, his opponent at a rate that could hardly be credited except by those who saw it. At rhe twenty-second stroke Stanbury had accomplished tbe extraordi nary feat of putting daylight between* the boat?. Harding succeeded in overlapping Stanbury again before Alexander's was reached, but Stanbury in a few strokes drew away again. At the Thames Bowing Club slipd Stanbury crossed ovor to the Surrey side, and gave his opponent the benefit of his wash. Harding rowed a plucky race to the finish, but never hud a ghost of a chance. Stan bury won, easing up, by six lengths. Tbe winner's time was 21min, Glseos., the loser's 22min, Gseca. A large number of Australians followed the race in the steamer.' A sarcastic and very diminutive waterside rat perched on a lamp-post at Hammer stuith summed up the affair very tersely. A friend inquired, ' Did yor see t'raco, Billy P,' And the rat replied, 'No, I didn't seo no race t hi seed a bloomin' perseashun.' Speaking of the difficulty whi.th arose with the professional players over tho recent test cricket match between Australia and England, 'Felix' (Tommy Horan) writeB as follows: — 'There is much to be said in favour of the professionals. Tho usual pay is JUS per match, with occasional ' talent' money for notable performances either with bat or ball. June, July, and August aro the best months' for a first-class player | but it has to be borne in wind that the season is short, and when tho long wintar sets in many professionals have a bad time. Thoy cannot all keep oricket shops. or pub3., and trips to Australia, with JJBOO per man and all ex penses, are for tho very select few, and come but once in three years or so. Therefore, (vhen a special ouoaBioa arises, such, as a tost match, which all the world of cricket would go to see if it could, the men who make their living at the game can bo pardoned for asking an exceptional fee. My own opinion is that the engagement of Jones by Sussex County, at tho rate of JE3G5 per annum, with quarters, &o.;, thrown in, haa had something to do with the present move, though a demand for J52O a match is by no means new. In the tour of the first Australian team tho Players of England wanted JB20 per man, and as that Bum would not bo given, tho oraoks Btood out, and another team had to ba chosen. Those played for .£10 a man, but at the close of the mutch each man was proaonted with an additional £10. The one thing a profoasioual looks forward to is his ' benefit ' match after years of stdrling servico, and if he is a prime favotmto bo may get n sum from jfiriOO upwards. Bobby Peel has netted the' biggest sum on record, I think, his 'benefit' realising tbe very handsome amount of ,£2000. Bobby now keeps an inn at Ohirwell in 'Yorkshire. The one objectionable feature in tho piosont in stance ii. that the men threatened to stand out when the eyes of all England were on them as players specially pickod to fight for the supremacy of England in criokot. At such a time one not un reasonably looks for a little patriotism.' Tna Vagbant. 