RELIGIOUS sSEWS. Catholic Diocrsb <)<■' Port — The | annual Syno of the Diocese«f Port Aepatta was arrange.I to be held ».r Pe ersls- >r in Sf. A;»w.];;tu ' Church on Wertnesd y, the "Ki nsL>, tuti, owiup to the death of the late Hev. P. at '/-.torn on the 18th inst., the Bynod did not meet till the B2nd, A 'lay later than originally fixed. On the latter date, therefore, a large congregation filled the church ta foin in the P'elitninary prayers and paalms audi assist al th.j Holy Mass, The Bishop, the Right Uev, James AJ iher, P.P., and the clergy to the number or twelve, had met cnitheaftoruQau of Wed nesday for a conference at the local presbytery. Daring the early morning of Thursday several Masses were celebrated in the church, and at a.m. the iii-imp and priests again assembled and marched in solemn procession to ihe church, chant ing " Veui Creator" with various prayers and psalms. These over, the Mass was >-u«g by the Very Rev, J. H. Norton, the V1car- tfeneraJ. In the language of the Church it was a solemn Minna Cantata, and the paitlcular Muss was that of th ' lioly Ghost. Besides the Bishop and the Vicar-General the names of the clergy are as follows, via.. Very Rev. W. 0'flow.lii'g, K.J,, Koo* ringr; the Revs. S. Karlinger, H.J., ami T. J. Carroll, s,J., Jamestown; A. Pawch, 8.J,, George* town; T. O'Connor and W. Dumpily, 1'ort Hide; R. Doyle, I'arrietou; W, Doyle Port Augusta; B. A, Muluahy mid P. J. Carroll, Pekina; and It. Ward, Poteisbiiig. The Choir sang the various portions ol the services in a very devotional and solemn manner, under Mr. A. Malyha's haton, with Miss Hilda Brad* as organist and a full complement of singers. After the Mass numerous other psalms an i prayers, together with the Litany of the Stints, were chanted, after which the la ty withdrew and the business of Synod "began. The usual synodal routine, together with the transaction of other matters of importance in tlw Diocese, brought the meeting to a close about 12.3(1 p.m. Mostofttto clergy returned to their respect've districts (hiring the afternoon of the 22id i.iat., an ' ail, both Bi*hop a d clergy, wese •-nter'abied during their stay by tli® Vei-y Rev. Father Norton, V.O. 