FALSE BYlDENi '' Bt E. Phillips Oppenkeim. Author of "A Monk o£ Cruta," Daughter of the Maroni," etc. J?iiblished by special arrangement with Messrs Ward. Loch $ Bovoden, Ltd. [all sights reserved]. { CHAPTER XXIII. IN THH PICTURE GALLKBY. It is strange that, althoughBO many years have passed, that scene remains as though written with lsttera of fire into my memory —vivid and clear. Word for word, I can remember every sentence that was spoken j mud the different expressions on the face ef each I oould, if I were & painter, faithfully reproduce. Sir Francis gazed at me speech- Jess in a Bert of helpless apathy, Maud and Lady Olive looked horrified and thunderstruck, and my Uncle -Rupert, with face as pale as death, was shaking from head to foet, with eyes riveted up an me in a sort of fascinated bewildermeut, as though I were one risen from the dead. Sir -EVanoUi seemed to' be the first; to recover himself. " Arbuthnst! Aibuthnot 1" he exclaimed; what does this mean ?'' I pointed to my uncle, and he seemed to shrink back from my outstretohed hand, "Cannot you see?" he faltered, in a hollow tone. "Look at ldmand the picture." I had moved a step forward unconsciously, and was standing in the centre of the broad stretch of moonlight which was streaming in from the ~h«gb window. Sir Francis looked at me, and then gave a great start. " My God ! Arbuttinet, bey! Who are you? Speak 1" Hugh Arbuthuot, eon of Herbert Ar-' buthnot, who oncaoalled himself Davereux" I answered, proudly, looking Sir Fxanois BteadUy in the face 5 <( and who would be a Devereux still," I added, " but for that man's villainous lie." ilapert £)evereux turned his head away, as though unatole to meet the fire which blazed from my eyes, Maud had sunk, half fainting, upon an ottoman; and Lady Olive wfs by her side Sir Franois stood gazing fixedly at me, as though in a dream. " It can't be!" he muttered, hoarsely. < ( He ooald never have had such a sen as you. He was a coward I" It's a lie J" I thundered—ao vehemently that Sir Franois staggered back aghast, "Rupert Devereux 1" I cried, taking a quick stride to hiB side, V can yen, dare you look me in the face and tell me that my father was a coward ? You, who bribed John Hilton, your servant/ into a shameful conspiracy that you might etep into his plaoe ! You, yoa—speak, man, and tell me 1 Was Herbert Devereux a coward ?" lie was white to the lips with a fear not merely physical. Hia senses seemed stupe, fied; and though .1 Waited amidst a deathlike silence for m fall minate, he made me no answer. I turned jny back upon him contomptuously. "Sir Francis !*' I cried. " Ha ould lie to strangers and to you, bat to me he dare not. Betora heaven, X swear ;hat my father is an Innocent man, shamefully sinned againat by him"—I pointbd to my unole. "Oat of a mean jealousy^-and for the sake o£ being your heir, he-did it—he perjured himself. He to call himself a JD^vareux, and my father robbed of his name and honour by &ucb; treacherous villainy 1 Don't /ou wonder that I don't kill you I 1 1 cried, turning round, a very tempest of passion surging up within me. " God knows why I don't do it! Sir Francis, I appeal to yeu. John Hiiton hKa cenfd&Bed; to me that his story was a, lie. My father Is hs brave a soldier aad a gentleman as ever Devereux was. Tell me that you believe It. L9t us make that man confess, aye. even though we have ta tear his guilty secret from his heart I" Sir Francis had recovered himself entirely, and was again the aristocratic immovable soldier. " Hugh, my boy, I believe you," he said, kindly. " Be my grandsen, and I shall thank God for it, and be proud of you, But f u are mistaken about your fasher, A yourt-mariiial never errs," The hope whscn had sprung up in my heart died away, aud in its place had leaped up a bitter hatred—hatred of Rupert Devereux, hatred of my grandfather, hatred of Maud, ef every one who refused to believe in my father's innocence. I grew back from Sir Francis's outstretched hand, and looked at him proudly, " NeVer Sir Francis, I will not call myself your grandson, or take the name of Duvereux, until my father baara it too. I would sooner live and die Hash Aibufeh- B01-." Then, without another look at one of thenl, without even a glatc 5 into Maud's white face, I turned, and walked slowly out of the gtUery and ont of the house. CHAPTER XXIV. A MIDNIGHT VJSIIOB, Like »man in a .dream, I walked with unsteady footsteps down the avenue, through the shrubbery, aad across the park to the oottage. I had forgotten my latchkey, and the servant who had answered my ring welcomed me with a little Cry of relief. " John was fast a coming up to the house for you, air," she exclaimed, shutting the door again. There's a strange woman wants to Bee you most particular. She's been here more than an hour, a fretting ever so beoau-.e you wasn't bete." Where ia she ?' I asked. "In your study, sir. 1 see'd as there was nothlnk abont as she could lay 'er 'ands On before I let her in." I had ao doubt but that it was the wife of one of the tenantB On the estate, though why she mLould chooBe suoh a strange time for her vis.41 could not imagine. But when I walked i ito the study f saw at once that she was a stranger to me. 'And yet, no. had seen' I; ar face before seme where. Sherofc- nervously when I entered, and pulled jw' Bbawl closer around her. •* You'ii excuse the liberty I ve taken in eoming, sir," she began, huwiedly. "I oome to do,yer a service. Yo^ doant seem to recollect me. I'm John Hilton's wife j him as you^corned to see father week." I recognised her at once, and became more interested, "You sae, sir, it's like this," she went on. "My J wk, he's had ene o* his drinking fits oa» and he's always mortal mischievous after one o' them. He seems to a got a powerful 'jort o' a grudge agin' you, and there^s that piece e' paper as you wrote out, andJie put 'is name te. He says as ow he might get lagged for that if you showed it." : u Well, has he sent yen away agaiu ? asked. and get it "Noths! If he know'd come 'ere at all he'd half kill me,« " Well, what is it, then I" I asked. " i/s jaefc like this," she answered, slowly j « he's a ooming himself to try and get it baok agin." ^ ''Indeea! And when map I expect taqaire eated d beooaa ' i ng suddeuly int er « 8 4 To-night." I ieanetf, baok in my ohair, and langbed dryly. Tae woman must be mad. , " no laughing matter, master," she . said,, sullenly. " You'd a laughed t other side o your mouth, I can tell 'e, if J hadn' a ehoaen ter come and tell 'e. He ain't a* coming to ycu for ife. He's 6 to takf itj ml tQ ;e* bftQk. something as yer gave 'im at our cottage— j him aud a mate/' I ke<an to see whst It all meant now, and to understand wby the weaan had some, j " And you've oome here to pus me on my i guard, is that it t" I remarked. " Yes. Yer gave me money when I was starving, and I felt sort 'er grateful, And when I 'eard them two blackguards a planning hew they'd settle you I thought as they juat shouldn't. If you puts a bulletin that 'long Jem,' which IB my man's pal, I shall thank yer for it. Jack's bad enough, epeoiaily when he's just getting round from a spell o' drinking, which he is now; but he's a sight Worse., Cuss him. He's always a leading my Jaok into eomething." " Whit time aire they ooming I'M asked, thoughtfully. " I'cerd 'em say as they'd meet at Cop't Oak, whichJus a mile from here, as soon as it were dark, and hide until you was all a-gone to bed. . I'm mortal afeard of their Boeing me, although I shall go 'ome t'other way." ; I pressed her te stay at the cottage for the night, but she stubbornly refused. Her Jack would kill her if he found out that she bad been here, she declared. But before she went I made her drink a glass of wine, and fill her pockets with the bread and food which I had ordered In, This promised to be au exciting night for meal together, I thought, aa I drew Out my revolver from the cupboard and carefully leaded it. I was not inclined altogether te believe or altogether te disbelieve this woman's story,: but at any rate there was no harm in being prepared. If I had gone to bed, there wonld have been little sleep for me with my head still throbbing with the vivid reoolleotion of that terrible soene In the picture gallery. Indued not think of it, I dared not let my thoughta dwell for an instant en the inevitable conaequencea ef what had happened. The excitement of what might shortly take placa kept me from the full sickening realisation of the change whioh that evening's events must make In my life, but underneath it all there was a dull, aching pain in my heart, for had I not leBtMaud? Presently Marian and Mr Heldern arrived. I had forgotten their very existence, and. directly the latter; had taken his leave, Marian? was: full of eager, agitated questions. Why had I left so suddenly I Had I quarrelled with Sir Francis Devereux ? What did it all mean ? Maud had gone to her room with white face and looking like a ghost, ind Lady Olive had not again entered the dancing-reem. Sir Franois had apologised te his guesfca with the agitation of one who had reoelved a great shock; and Rupert Devereux nene ef them had seen again; and I was mixed up In ib What did it all meant " Not now, Marian; I will tell you tomorrow; wait until then," I begged. But she would net wait. ' > Then, with a great effort, I braced myself up, and told her everything. She listened with . ever-growing asteuishment, and when l had finished ahe slipped down from my kuee and sank upon the hearthrug. " Poor papa 1" she sobbed; " No wonder you hate that Rupert I Beast! Oh, Hugh, Hugh, why could you not tell me before! I ought te have known," she added, repreaehfully. "It eould have done no' good/' I answered. . A waye of andden anxiety passed across her face. " Oh, Hngh 1" she sobbed. « Char , Mr Hold " '* Mr Heldern knows all about it," I Interrupted. * " I thought it right to tell him when he aBked me for you.- 4 A great relief brightened her f ace, and she smiled through her tears. Even a woman ia selfish when she la in love. "I am glad he knows," she whispered' looking into the fire. " How strange it all seems 1 Why, our name is Devereux; you will be Sir .Hugh Devereux. Why, Hugh, Devereux Court will be yours some day J" "Hover!" I answered, firmly j "until Sir Francis asks my father's pardon, and receiveshim aa a son,.I shall never take the name of Devereux or eater the Court. I have sworn it, Marian." " And it was noble of yau to swear !t,; Hugh," ahe whispered, coining over and kissing me. " They say truth always comes out some time or otheir, Perhaps this will come right some day." " For eur father's sake, pray that ft- may do, Mariaa dear," I answered, gravely. " And now run along to bed, I have some writing to do." * She lingered by my side. " Hugh, what are you going to da new f You will leave here, I suppose !"- "I must, Marian. Unless Sir Francis dealrea otherwise, I shall ramaln hera until he has found seme one else -feo take my plaoe, but it will be as Hugh ArbaShnot, his agent, only, and into Devereux Oeurfe I will not go again.. It will be well fet Rupert Devereux, too, that he keeps ont of my way," I added to myself. "When does Mr Holdern want to marry you, Marian I" I asked her suddenly, changing the subject. • She blushed up to her eyes, and looked at me half pleased, half reproachfully, "Hugh I How could yeu ask m» like that! I—I don't quite know;" - '«Beoause you'll have to go away with me, you know," I continued, '< I oan'6 leave you behind." She looked serious enough now. "Of course you can't, Hugh. I don't think I ought to leave you at ait You'll be alone if-I do, with no one . to look after you." I pretended to look serioUB, as though considering the matter, but her piteous expression and quivering lips we)te irresistible,, and I broke into a reassuring laugh. "Not I, Marian I It is the best thing that could possibly have happened, When I have no longer you tolook»fter I shallgo abroad, wherever our father is, and share hiB let. Country life Is beginning to get wearisome to me. I was meant to be a Soldier, I think, Now, Marian, you must really ge to bed. I want to be alone." It was past twelve, .and I was bee inning to get anidous. But she etill lingered for a moment. • •. • • •. • " Hugh, I had almost forgotten, I have something for you, and a message." / I bent over my deak, lest she should see the light which sprung into my face^ I did not wish even Marian to know my secret. « What is it ?' I asked. "Be quick," V Why, she came to me like I've never .seen her before, as lifeless and sorrowful as anything, and said—'Tell your brother that I think he is behaving nobly, and th*' I hope we shall always be friends.* u "* c " She said that !' I exolai®^ Wting round," Maud said that !" * M a u S ^ 6 * about ^ T i ^ ^ speak to me. It WM ^ y Ohve, and she sent you this." I stretched out my hand for the goldtopped out-giaas little smelling salts, which Mariaa was holding out for me and laid it down before me. Disappointed thoush I was, it was a kindly act of Lady Olive's and I was juat in that mood when a man an' f reciates such a one. For a moment or two felt very tenderly towards LaUv Olive • for, rscklese little fiirt though Bhe wjw, ehe was generous aud warmhearted, or she would never have done this, ,« ?*;? * said, huekily. " Good-night, JLit«j.&a; J' ' Q aod-aight, Hughie, Doa't ait up lats, ••de», and dosjtiwfe Is makw me feel 50 selfish, Hugh, to think that I can's hah-- beieg happy becgnss—bso^pfs of Oha^is" but I can's help Iti, I d 0 lova him no, ^d be is eo good ta as." Then at Imi she weefc, and I strae. Fi»t of sll X pus % hwrv shj^s c pon the l»mp mi pia^d it *o thai jjo cue coold poessfoly sea it outei^e, T'-en 1 preserver in my breast pocket. Going out on tip-tee into the hall, I opened the passage door, and also left my own wide open, so that If anyone should attempt to enter the house from any room I must hear them. This seemed to me to be ail that I could do, and drawing my easy ohair into the corner of the room which faced both door and windows, I sat down and waited patiently with my revolver on my knee. At first the time did net seem long, I had oome to a crisis In my life, aud there was much to think aboafc. In the twenties, however dark and donfat£ul the future may be, there is always a certain fascination cobneotsd with it—posalfclities, however remote, whioh the sanguine spirit of youth loves to peer into aud investigate. And se I sat and thought, and considered, aud longed, without ever getting sleepy, er feeling the spell of weariness. Two o'clock struck, and of a Sudden a curious change o*me over me. I became se violently restless that I oould sit no longer bi my chair. Sober-minded people may, scoff at such a etatome&t;, but I declare that some irresistible impulse compelled me to go to the nearest window and loek cautiously out. The window was net one of the front ones, but was ene which looked, sideways over a strip of garden, a thick privet hedge, into a dark black fir plantation, through which ran a private pathway into the gardens of the court. At first I oould see nothing; then suddenly the blood died out* ef my oheeks, even from my lips, and X stood transfixed, rooted to the spot—my - lips nnmbed and helpless as thongh under the spell o£ aome hideous nightmare. What my eyes looked upon my reason refused to credit. Taming from the hand* gate of the plantation, without a hat, and with a; wealth of golden hair streaming down upon a awausdown oloak was—Maud 1 It was impossible—it was ridiculous—-it was beyond all credence. And yet my straining, riveted eyes watched her 'walk dowly, with her usual stately, even tread, down the grass-grown path between the plantation and the hedge of the eetfeage < garden, and disappear from right, Though an earthquake had yawned at my : feet l could not have moved/ Nothing but sound oan break up suoh a spell as this sudden shock had laid upon me. And the seuad came, fez suddenly there broke upon. the stillness of the night such a ory as I had never heard before—the thrilling, agonised shriek of a woman in mortal fear. CHAPTER XXV. '•COUSIHS 1" Like the shook from a galvanio battery did that sound breathe life into my frozen limbs. Holding a chair before my face I literally burst through the high French v window, crashing the glass and i plinfcering the framework into a thousand pieces. With the cry of a wild beast I dashed acress the lawn snd leaped over the privet hedge. Maud, my Maud, was scarcely § dezsn yards from me, struggling in the grasp of the man who had come to rob me ~ of: his oonfession, with his great hand ^ pressed against her wild, beautiful face to stop her cries. They heard me ooming, and he half re- • leased lier, and with Ms other hand pointed a revolver at me. But passion must have : lent me wings, for before he could pull the , trigger I had dashed it into the air, where it exploded harmlessly, and with my clenched fist I struck him such a blow as £ had never struck before or since. He was a powerful man, with a thick, bullet-shaped h^d. bufc he went dewn like a dog. and : well-nigh never rose again. His cempanion, . withont a word turn^t, and ran aoroaa the ; park like a haro,: and I let Mm go . Maud was iu my arms, sobbing hyaterioaUy, Maud with 7 tha moon shining down on ! her blanched but exquisite face, and her white arms thrown round-my neck. If she were ;tha daughter of the peince of hell ahe - w^ still the woman X loved j -and I sloped : and covered her cold faee and lip* with passionate kisses. Then I caught her up in my arms, for she was shivering, and ran with her to the house. Every one had beea roused by the sound ' of my exit; and the repor&'of rthe; revelver. ' Marian, with her dressing-gown loosely wrapped around her, w?.s standing isg at Bhe heed of &he; stairs, aud hohlud heriwere the servsnts^ more fefghfeaed even than she. When she saw me c?oss the haB Mth Hand's lifeless form (for her faints «eCmed «linoat the f aint ef death) in my arms, shs gava vent to one cry of felank ^ cmiaEement and horeor^ and then hurried down to us, "Hugh, Hugh," she whispered, oUnslag to me as J laid my burden down ontto sofa, and feUon my knees by Iti side. "Maud here! Maud out in the park *t this time,«f night! What has h&ppeuad;, Hugh ! What dees it all meant" " Can't you seef' I muttered hoarsely t never withdrawing my eyea from the white, oold face. "She aaa had a fright, aud has fainted 1" * ( But what on earth has bwught her hen —out at this time of sight! And la h«r slippers, too J" Iwaaonthopalntofsayingthatlknew no more than she, but suddenly the truth flashed into , my mind. Maud had walked^out in her sleep i X had heard htt say that for a long time she had Wen obliged to have her maid in her room at night, and ekep with looked door. ; ; «td that - wheu Slr FrancU lay dangerously UI not many yeara ago, nearly every night whan ahe had gone t<p bed thinklngof him, ahe had - riseu iu her aleep and tried to make ber way ; to Mb room. Then ahe must have Iseen thinking of me I A audden thrlii (rf joy passed through me at. the though^ *&d; Marian looked at ms in stupefied bewilder ment to see the amile whichio? a memep'« parted my lips. ' . " She must nave :eome out in b*^ ^eer. Marian," I whispered; " Tbea® Were tome men hanging aboat ottfoide—poachers I suppoae—and they have frightened her. Oet some brandy, quick 1 and: tail one of fibe girls to light a fire. We must have *ams ? hot water," She harried away, and the door bird scarcely dosed when Maud change* w nesitiion slightly, and her lips j J^J^fM close over her, ^ ^ ^ « Hugh I Hugh!" with S n f L W ^ ^ » ^ Joy; SSwJ i ^joped dewn and kissed he* »pa passionately. Then I drew ® <»ud Bfcoed upr^ht, foe I saw she «aa fa«t recovering; oea«dousness. First her breathing became deepen and leas fitful. Then, with a little sigh* she opened her eyes and raised herself & little On her elbow. She looked around In blank bewilderment. Then her eyes fell upon me, aad the hot colour rushed into her cheeks. ( l Mr Arbuthnot! Why, where am I? HoW did I c*me here? and those men," she added, with a shudder, " those fearful men} was it all a dream f She raised her hand to her forehead and looked at me appeatingly; I hardened my voice aa much aa possible, and avoided meeting her syea. "I think I oan explain to you what has happened," I said. Yoh must have got up In your sleep, and walked down through the c&pse;, There were some men eatuide % I bslieve they were going to break la here, sad one of them mueS have caught hold of yaa, for wheu I hoard yoa ssrewn aad raa ftut, were straggli&g; bis g-sagg. I k&oeksd; him down, aad the othsr xm sway, Tiea I carried yoa here, sad here has jsel goae sut- to feio'n gome brandy." .'Westsclikc, he? fiwt 'Sheught w«6.e£-her tad she gat ug and leek***. h.m?X esgerly, STideafe^ gfce hrd imm mlmp bsfoys prapairfag la istire, fey was that she had exchanged her dinnefr. gown for a long white dresHing-rebe, and let down her hair. Nevertheless, she blushed as she sat op, and looked at me pushing back the waves of hair from her faoe. ••I remember falling asleep in the easy chair," she said, slowly, and after that everything seemed like a horrid dream. Those men's fearful faces, and yen—eh, how fierce yon lookedI = But it all seems very indistinct." Then Marian oame In, and she turned to her smiling. ««Mies Arbuthnot, I'm afraid you'll think this a very: unceremonious morning oall. Yon didn't know I was a sleep-walker, did yon?" ^ Marian put down the decanter slie was carrying with, a little cry of relief, "Oh, dear, I'm so glad to see yen all right again. What an awful adventure you've had I" Maud smiled placidly; She washer old delf again, stately and composed, "It might have been a good deal worse but for your brother," she acknowledged.; "I wonder if they're found out at the Court. They'll be getting »little anxiouB if they have." "UnleBs I'm very muoh mistaken they've found ent," Iansweted. " Listen," I went out and threw open the hall dco*. Clearly enough ire oould hear the alarm bell at the Court clanging out with shrill, quick strokes, and the whole of the park seemed dotted with men carrying lanterns, looking like will-o'-the-wiapa, and making the soft night «ir echo with their hearse shouts.: Two figures'wererapidly Approach* ing the cottages, and I hailed them, "Have you seen anything of Miss Deverenr?'' called ont Groves, the head butler, "She's out in the park somewhere a-walking in her sleep," " She is here," I answered, and then I went in and told Maud that they had oome for her, • Marian left tut to find a warmer cloak and tbloker shoes, and -for a moment we were together. She turned to me at onpe with a sweet, sad smile en her lips, and a Uokef (regret shining ont of the asore depths ef her eyes, " Mr Arbnthnot, I had quite forgetten, in all this excitement j what happened in the picture gallery. We are ooasins, are we not?" I shook my head. "It is not a relationship whloh I shall B claim," I answered, slowly. If I should see you again before I go, Miss Devereux, it Will be as Mr Arbuthnot." Her eyes wereepeaking ta me—speaking words whloh Iter lipB could not utter, but I" avoided them. D Eager voices were harrying through the garden and Maud held out her hand with a hurried gesture, " At any rate, yen will let me thank y atL for your timely aid this evening. Bat f _ yen I don't know what might I took her hand and raiaed it \r . __ „__ Thml let it drop, and moved ' J ^ A " I think I ought to thw>' ^ „„„ r. fW I answered, with a prefer * jac e " for giving me the a&rr; T f H£g had got into,the hour J ' I* those fellows surprise, things migfc' e and taken me by me, at any rate. ' have been worse for and rnveud©f^' * -worand admitted Groves ae otter 8ervant Devereux wa* 8 Francl8 ' thei! the pathwa' e ' too but he Btood 0,1 » enter neit' * outside, without offering to out to hJ - aor 1 invite him. Maud went the stv - m onoe ' aad ^ explained to kT i>ing little crowd what had happened. evr - /That became of the one. you knocked j air?" asked Groves, after the little ;norUB of wondering exclamations had sub Bided. " There now, most likely," I answered, with a start. "I'd forgotten all abeut him." We all trooped over to theapot, And there he lay, doubled up in the nndetwood, Mb faoe drawn with pain, and still unconscious, To aay that I was sorry for him would have been a lie; nay, if Rupert Devereux had bin by his side I should have been only the better pleased. Bat he lay so still and motionless that I stooped ever him anziously, and felt bis heart. It was beating, though faintly,audrfeltdi8tinotlyrelievedwhan I looked up again. " He's alive," I deolared, " but only fast. Setter get him 8ome brandy," They brought him seme from the house, and I poured it between his tips, He revived at onoe, " We'd a beat take him up to the Court, air," remarked Groves. " Sou won't want him down here with only yourself In the house." So they took him away, and as the leng atreaks of red light in the east slowly deepened until the autumn son rose up from behind the pine treeB like a ball of flowing fire, I threw myself down on the couch and slept. To be Continued. 