THE- ' Professor's Expedient. NO W mtST PUBLlMEDi By Mrs. Hungerford, Author of "Molly Bawn," "LndyBranks- inerc," "ThoDuohoss," "A Bom Coquotto," "Tho RodHouso Mystery," fto. . all queensland moms eesbrved. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CiuiTEiis I. and II.— A professor of modi- cine is sitting with a young friend of his, . Paul Wyndham, a barrister, discussing the merits of a drug he lias invented which pro- i-duocs a sleep rcsombling death; n rescm- -bianco, tho professor olajms, enn, according to 'tho dose, bo inndo to last for a day, n weok, lor a year. Ho wishes for some human being I on whioh to oxperiincnt. At this juueturo a | poor, forloni young iauy is carried out of tho j streot into the houso. She is anxious for I death, and at tho suggestion of tho professor leho takes the drug, ho promising to provido ; for her future when sho awakes. The cloak 'strikes tho midnight hour as sho takes tho ) drought. ciiaptebs III. to V.— Tho girl assuming tho guiso of death for over six hours, tho time allotted, anil not waking, Wyndham | and tho professor aro appalled at tho result, t tho latter fainting at tho thought that sho is | dead. Tho girl recovers, hut tho professor is 'too ill to take advantage of the glad nows 'and dies, tclling Wyndham to nilow her £300 i a year out of tho fortune which ho has loft him. The girl is taken to the cottage oeou- pied by Wyndham. i ' ' CHAPTER. VII.— ( Continued.) Just now tho excitement amongst tho groups at Salter's is growing intense. 'The curate hud hocn knocked down. lNTo ! Rut he hud fallen — and so on. A few shops lower down conies Mr. (Murphy's, the undertaker. He, too, as indeed do all tho shopkeepers in Cur- kagheloyne, stands in the front of his tdiop door chatting to all who como and '-go. A little, fat, jolly man, rather useless you would think in a solemn business liko his, and yet tho host' undertaker for all that in tho sovcu (parishes round. Perhaps it is well to Juivo a cheerful person. of that sort to ;flis|iel the dreutlful gloom of death. Jlowever it is, ho is a universal favourite, and no wondor, when I tell you he is tho man in all Curraghcloyno who can tell you most about tho babies! ,'The ones come, the ones to come imme diately, and those in tho middle (lis- ."tancu ! Tho gayest, happiest, little man tin the town, with a wife us rosy us him- tpelf, and quito a crowd of embryo little lundertakers swarming round his knees. 33 ut these, andmauy more of the Curragh- eloyiie celebrities sink into insig- oiifieanee before Riokotty, tho proprietor uf ' The Crosby Arms Hotel.' This Bame is painted on a swinging sign board, with a 'liu go hoar beneath. The crest of the Crosbys from all time. Ricketty — his name was once Jtichurds — but time and many devoted friendships has brought it down to elicketty, is a huge benign Irishman, Svith tho biggest jawiu Europe, and the smallest eyes. To his hones ilesh lias jgi'nwn, until now ho might havo cx- Ihibited himself in tho most fastidious jsliow in New York as tho 1 Last of tho .race of Anal;,' or some sucli attractive .Title. . And as most big men aro, so is ho — j'tho niildcst-manuorcd man on earth, nvlio would havo run away if ho had jhoen asked to scuttle a ship, and who I would have fainted if tho idea of cutting (the throat, even of u mouse, had been j suggested to him. One side of his Lhotol lias the usual bar blind up in it, rbelnud which is a parlour, where, on Ispeciul occasions the politicians coiigrc- r.gated to air their cloquoiico. 'Tho other ' r.sido is given up to a fancy shop, kept by ibis sister, Miss Riekotty. -Uiss Riokotty is tho wit, and there- ? Iforo tho scourge of tho village ' (very (little wit stilTicds for a village such as CuiTaghcloyiio), and though nearly svmiu doaf, knows more of tlio goings <in' nf lior neighbours than anyono else hn tho small town. A <)t eourso there is a haul; mid a post al ofheu in Curragheloyne. And a town hall, 1 1 nluie tho futuro tenors and sopranos I tho world sometimes ' kindly consent' sing to tho poor people round thorn, ud tlioro is tho draper's sliop, called ihe Emporium,' very justly, of course, id there is a market place, too, where urynno says tho hoof and mutton o both liiiil and dour — but oven tho terest of all those fails before tho mstic tongue of Miss Riokotty. Just us Susan roitehos tho window of tho hotel that holds Miss Rickotty's show of notc- papor, ballads, hull's oyos, woollon muillors, the latest thing in "veils ton years old, and tho flotsam and jetsam of various seasons past, sho finds herself f'aco to faco with Wyndham. ' You havo como back,' says sho in voluntarily. Sho is glad to soo him. IIo is — woll — scarcely an old moud, bucauso tho distmico between his com ings and goings to tho Cottage nuiko ouch broad margins oil tlio loaf of time that ho has hardly como into quito close (contact with tho family at the rectory. 31 nt they have known him for n long . time, and thoy havo liked him, mid \- there is a good deal of soft, pleasurahlo wolcomo in tho glance that Susan 'gives : him. Ho lias been away now, sho tells herself, quite two months. ' Yes,' says Wyndluun, smiling. His Sinilo is a little preoccupied, liowovor. And how aro you, Juclcy ? My good ness, liow wo aro grown. You'll ho as big as Riokotty prosontly if you don't pr' a weight on your lioad.' ' Jaoky sniggles, but, like Wyndhnm's ; smilo, liis snigglos are a littlo preocou- 5 lied. Having shaken hands with tlio iittor ho rotiros behind Susan, mid wonders if Wyndham is going up to tho Cottngo, and if lio is will the ghost cntoh him ? Ho ratlior hopes it. It would leavo him, Jneky, freo, anyway, und Mr. Wyndham is a big man, and would bo' a bettor muteh for lior. Susan, too, is thinking of tho ghost. As .Wyndhiim is fnoing now, the Cottngo lies bof ore him. Is lie going to sco tho mysterious ' Prisoner ?' l'orhups ho is. jnarriod to .lior 1 .This scorns dolightful. Liko nn old romunco — so much nicer' than tho eommonplueo marriages of to day. Sho ' scans Wyndhnm's ' fneo swiftly SVitH a yiow to saying something nice- and kind to him if sho sees iiny- thin" tlierb; to liolp lior to heliovo in this sontimohtnT mai'riage. Rut ovi- "V- ,i,.ntlv ''sho' soos nothing, V-.b'ecnnsB sho Bayl notliing. 1 . After all. sho .tells hoi- eelfi it is of course nsporat; . - - I hope you will oomo in - and ' soo 1 father,' . sho sSv-pihttyLwhon sho ! iiid Wyadhuin' have discussed tho town and its inhabitants, and slio has told him .all -tho nows. "Ho 'is'. in1 -tho 'habit of sleeping at the Cottage wlionover. ho doos.oomo-dowiij and - in>tho-.hnbit,- too, of spending his openings at .the rectory, which is" only juBt . over tho way from tho Cottngo. , ' , - 'Not to-night, . I'm afraid,' says Wyndham. .'I must; go back .to town by tho ovoning .train.? A slight frown gathors on his brow, liut lie dismisses it as ho bids her good bye. 'Roniomber mo to him,' lie says, quickly, absently. Ho! pinches Jncky's oar, and is gono. Susan, who had boon inveigled into n promise concerning bull's oyos, is now led triumphantly .into Miss Rickotty's shop whoro -thnt spinster is discovered in an old English, attitude, lior body being screwed out of. nll< sliapo. in lior endeavour to catch sight of some ono going down tbo street. Hor window iB quite blocked, up by bor'shouldci's, and hor doitfuoss prevents her 'from know ing of Susan's coming until Jaoky, falling over her loft leg, wliioh is sticks iug out behind in mid air, brings her back to the perpendicular and a view of Susan. She is a small woman, tliin to a fault, mul shrowd-visagod, with a quizzical eye, mul a bonnet. Tho latter is of the historic coal-scuttle . shape, and must have boon a most itdmirahlo purchase when bought — ' warranted to wear,' in tho truest souse of the word, as it lias lasted without - a break for at least 50 yours, As no ono in Curraghcloyno over saw hor ' outside of it,' and us sho is popularly supposed to sleep in it, it may safely ho regarded as u sound article ; oven her worst enemy had onco boon hoard to say tliut, ' no matlicr. how groat an ould fool sho was wid hor tongue,' she hiul nuido no mistuko about ' tho bonnet.' 'An' is that you, Miss Susan, mo dear)" says she, wlion Jacky has picked himself up and slio lias ccasud to rub hor ankle. ' Yo'ro as welcome as tlio flowers in May, though' (livil a flower wo hud this your, wid tho rain an' all. Yo'ro not in a hurry, miss, arc yo now ? Yo can spare a minuto to tho old maid ? Como in, then.' Sho opens tlio littlo gate that hinges on to hor littlo counter, and draws Susan aside, to lior '.parlour,' us she culls the tiny spaco within — u cosy spot in truth, whoro, in tlio winter, 'a firo burns briskly, mid with a wull lined with bottles that nuiko glad tho souls of children. To Susan 3arry the old maid has given all tho heart that rc- mnins from hor worship of lior giant brother. Perhaps it is tho utmost childish sweotnoss of hor manner that has won the old maid's heart, or else the young unconscious beauty of her — beauty being dear to the Irish heart. However it is, sho has a warm corner in Miss Rickotty's. ' An' how's your good aunt?' says tho spinster, adjusting tho bonnet with one hand, whilst with the other sho pulls out From under tlio counter a huge ear- trumpot, half n yard long, and big enough ut tlio speaking oiul to engulf iSusun's small and sliapoly lioad. ' She's boon cxpcctin' that clutch o' eggs I promised her, no doubt, hut them lions o' mine might as well be cooks for all the eggs wo got out of tliom.' ' Aunt Jemima knows that eggs aro scarce now,1' cries Susun, softly, into tho gulf. ' Searco 1 'Tisnotliin' thorn ungrateful hens is iloin' for us now, an' wo who coddled 'om up all tho winthor. The saints forgive thorn 1 Miss Susan,' loaning towards tho girl, und speaking with tho suppressed emotion of tho horn gossip, ' was that Mr. AVyudhum as wint up tho street just now ?' ' Yos,' snys Susan. ' I was talking to him just before I came in lioro.' ' No 1 Rlossod Vargin ! ' says Miss Riekotty, recoiling, who had, of course, been tho first to hear of the mysterious stranger nt the cottage, mid who hail, indeed, told tho nows to hor brother, under promise of secrecy, that sho know lie would not keep. Nor did sho want him to keep it. ' How can you gossip unless you have somcono to.gossip with '? That is why people spread scundtils. ' And what was lio saying ?' asks she, presently, wlion sho had produced a littlo box of figs mid given tlioni to .Tacky, with a view to keeping him quiet until she had got tho last word of news out of Susun. ' Nothing, I think,' says Susan, run ning aver. mentally hoi'lutc conversation with AVyndhum. ' Ho won't luivo time to sco father to-night, because lie is going back to town by tho evening train.' 'Is that what ho says?' Miss Riokotty gives hor bonnet a push. ' Faith, lie's full of smartness. An' did ho toll yo notliin' at all ? ' to be continued ok monday. 