f pIM p IONS. By 'Delaware.' I Hr. Crick's Bill— A Much-required Tax— Cheap and Nasty Stallions— -' Misfortune of Our Friends— \- Horses that Onght to liave Won— Preseijt-day Jumpers — Abercoio aijd Slumber —An Interesting Crib. SffB. Crick has wked leave to bring forward ..' 9 most iuitable measure, and one that should : have been law long ago, and might bare been if we bad a few live membeu of Par liament wbo would look more to the interest ?of the Dublic than to their own. The bill ; propose* to lmpoee t. yearly registration fee V on; all ctoUions, and also all horees kept Cor -'. lacing purposes, and for other piirposas in ' connection therewith. If the fee is only ? rtiff enough, the piopotal will do much to '??? wardi clearing out the hordei of rants that .?? -fcavjnt tbc pony courses daily. Every bnt t- '??' eber, baker, candlestick maker, and bagnio :S ; ieepors, owde, or is intereitedineome weed 'j$t vwhow oniy merit is Ms umallaesi and usefnl ?'? -Jlees at a means by which game blackguard ;:';:,;jcr other cub rob any fool cr email lyndieate 'Jg-Mti fools wbo help to keep the pony, believing ...S'^bef will some day reap a rich reward from :i».-tt'e rifig for their enterprise. fev--,v ? ? Wir'j Ownen of good galloways will not object s ?v.;#o pay the Government a trifle of £5 a year f- /or the right to keep their horeee, and owners .??' |Df racahones may not either, as a twinging t jtas will enhance tbe value of c. rpally rood f jfctalllon raoehoree. 1 have many times daring hy&bft;'tart three years, advocated a swinging ; aUllion tax, bnt never thought of a race : , .^-or«e tax. The two taxes will do a power of /'fjgood outside the racecourses, as owners of i' jmongrel country stallions, worth about 30b, il.SiUuotoareto pay *10 a year for a brute ,;-4hat should huve been shot the moment he ^(kir the light. f 'Not one man. in ten thousand knows the / . «aloe of a pedigree, nor have they any idea fi'-^Sf conformation of a stallion. All they look jsK-jKoE la a cheap eire— about £1 is their usual |W:-ut, as long as the horse has a pedigree, cer liSfiaed by the nearest publican, and if he has 3§ ? » wscord of haring won a Galloway Handicap 8f'4n Sydney, and ran five furlongs in lmin. PJiaea— timed by' Jacky'— they are BfttiBfied, p 4»Bd ?end along their mare, which, if mated 'f ?; '-with a«ood-loined horse that is bred on good *,. i^ines, might throw something able to carry a i/ .«natt60milei,ordr«w e. buggy, or petbaps ?j; ^|ump afence. A big tax would stop a deal m /?« this cheap lite business, as it wouldn't pay S? r*gjt«ep them, consequently a well-shaped IgSfiid well-bred horse wonld fetch something $1' :'#bove cite' meat ralue when hie lacing days |#OW-. .... ;-' a There !? always Bometbing in the mislor jg? Jhas«tont friends that tickles our eeue of &;,:;tumor. We watch a nan getting rich with ijlfc-toeiiiig of suppressed grief that we are j^jjath --to emulate his achievement. Bnt K?jwh-Hi he begins to descend— and they do SfcaBeibemd if they stop long enough— we shake ||8&b;* pkftage ior half a crown inouipocketa ^laka think how much better we would have ji&floiie; had we had his chance. I know an ISpDwner and trainer, now in a email way at ipPandwlok, who has been hie own architect fjffipn .everything except his being, who was once llpjiob. and cringed to. All rich ox successful Bpirien are cringed to. My friend, the trainer, ppjnas a couple of hides in work that cannot jgi ifcftUop fast enough to get up a decent sweat. Btifjomebodv said Jones, the bowler, wasn't a il'jEast trundler nntilhe was struck by light g1 :«Sng some Tears ago, and be can thank that ?p - Jrtrar streak that found him for all his great Kj'jitrength and lnck. My trainer friend g| |pioor»fuHy surveyed his two 'raoehorses,' ig: and said: -I wish to the lord a good-iked Ep streak of lightning would hit them two Rf blatters.' This xaisad a big. langh, and an K|t fx-ftable boy advised the old man to ' take R^ra two crocodUes over to Johnny, and get ffi^itimtopntsomeaein'em.' Poor old fellow | |RW1 his good points were forgotten, and onlv P sis poverty and bad'luck remembered. And ipjo b* cent to Johnny, too— the mkiadcttcut ifeitmu.. . ' Pt;.1 ?? ?. ????♦. * ?pS*« ainle, I don't like horses that 'ought Kib have won.' I prefer those that pass the ?Pfwi a considerable distance ahead, especially when 1 have backed 'em, and when i lido get on the right one, I descend on the Kin? to draw the money with a cheerfulness and an airiness that my friends say does me infinite credit. The books often try to outdo me for cheerfulness, and pay me with an artificial smile and rough bon-komia that often chokes them. They, Iika all mankind, expect to win on every race, if not on. each race, on the day or on the crook ; if not tbeir lan guage is as lurid as a successful pony punter when the only trier ' gets beaten through a mistake .or the persnasive powers of an enterprising book, who doesn't care to be left behind in the race for wealth while he is still young and rigorous, and his vitality not sapped by late hour.; and new booze, nut to mention the fair female punter and her ever increasing poverty and laudable desire to bet— at anr cost. * * * fiomuhow I always digress instead of going along the straight track and say what I mean in a few words. In the previous par 1 meant to tay that I had been leading a lot of 'expert' opinions of the Victorian Grand National Steeplechase, and find that no less than three horses should have won it but for oomething happening. All the experts join in their condolences to Meiars Miller, and one extra superfine said Mr Septimus took hu disappointment and Whernside's. fall philosophically as such a - true sportsman ' eUoutd, bnt the writer quite forgot a F. Robertson, the jockey, aid the nasty crush, tog be got when Whemside calmly laid on htm far some minutes, and then proceeded to walk aU orer him. It appears that Dungan made a couple of well-considered attempts to bolt, and wai all bnt down once, and little TisnoBi was a gallop and a half ebort or he aonst have won, and J.O.I., with a laudable regard for the doubtful jumping ability of the majority of the field, good naturedly knocked half a dependences down for them, but unfortunately by, so doing he- knocked himself oat ' ? *? » Bating men, who hive been many yearB at tbe game, and strange to say are still at it, tall of many hones who ought to hav6 won the National, 1 wonder how many horees there have been which ought to have won the Melbourne Oupf I know of one horse that should hava won the National but he didn't It wasn't the jockey's fault, nor anybody's— 'the horse died six -months before the race. You ask how I could say he wonld have won. Well, hfa trainer in a fit of confidence, barn of a stiff rum and milk, told me he would most certainly have won had he lived, and I consider that suffi cient reason for thinking he could, as I am, after all, only human, and a horse-trainer has only to- tell any human being that - his' horse will win a given race, the H.B. jumps for joy, rushes around aU has friends and tells them, the glad tidings, before he canters home to pawn his old woman's false teeth to raise the boodle to hack the tip. If the tip comes off tbe punter will never forget it, and if he doesn't take to drink and snd np In the gutter, he will tell of that trainer's sagacity and the grand coup, haw much he won, e«tc If he lives long enough, the amount he won grows, until it reaches more than X cculd count in five minutes. * ? . If* the reader will give me enough time I will come to what I intended to say half an hour back. It'e this. Axe the chasers as good to-dny ae they were ten years ago 1 I gness not, as my friend, Hairy Conor, would say. My opinion is thai Sussex: could carry Joe Baerington— provided Joe stuck on— and beat the best we could find to-day. Of course this is mere opinion. One cannot get a line as to the merits of Dungan and Co. as against those of Sussex, Goulburn, Lone Hand, and Liaetto, but the idea is firmly im pressed on my- mind that if I owned a Sussex to-day— to slrp occasionally in accordance with the preoapta of prudence— I should be living on my wealth instead of my wits. No sir Chevatch to the Americanism) the jumpers have, like tbe punters, gone o& ; and if the Australian legislators would also go off and let a few /aonest training men make some horse laws,, we might get a few choice horses (jumpers sund flat racers) to take the place of the ion uiaerable ponies that have like rats sprung up all around us. * . * The oe/iv outside mare I have heard of heing booked for Abercorn is, Mr Harry OhighoWa fit Albans purchase, Slumber, a sister 1s- Dreamland, by Trenton — Night- mare, a water to Commotion. Nightmare is also the dam of Mentor by 8wiveUer. The crow wfith Aberoom brings in Fisherman and Juliet l.wice, and Trenton fetches another dash of the blood of Paraguay, which is eo highly, prized bj stndmastcrs. Abercorn has I two strains of Paraguay in him. The three ua« i» the dominant one in the few removes given below, backed up with 8 and 11. If I had toom it run we noes om two p»s tions farther, the table woald look vary much betUr to both figure men and stickexa to the old style. Slnmber will, I think, be the first Trenton mare te go to Abercorn, who has done so well with Copra, a mare who brought Fisherman in again to him. Hlumbftr brines Fisherman, Musket, Panic, Flatcateher, and tfawmlaeter to the king of Eirkham, and if that doesn't make a race* horse, nothing will. ? ? - ;Str HereuUi (3). t-j Capa Pio (6) ? Y«ttendon (17) , £ lOmiundn, bj/Troi (12) £ btockwell (3). by B«ron . _! w- z o Wj ObMter ' 'Aartrej, bj HarkurayC!) ? ~~[ Firework* III)), by KWpie 6 ! (1) \- g S jlria, by Flsberm»n (11) a 3 Whalebone (3), by Bpecala 5 tiou(U ^ Crown Dschen i Z, Clove, by Sweetmeat (21) \- ~ ' ' .Toxophilite (3), byTuoi^ £ bow (21) j- Musket (3) \- Daughter of West Australian g ? (-) f aoldubrougti ( 13). by Fire £ works do) \- S Prallty S Florg KilroT, by K»w u . ? Warrior (U) | Alurm u»), by V«nlifci(H- | , Panic (14) £ Qnecii of beauty, by llel g ? bourne (1) ? £ Lord Ulifton (2), by Ncw 5f minister (8) s Gming Star llaid ol Dorwent, by iFltt ? e»Uhtt(3) ? * * The following, from the pen of the ' Sport ing Life' special commissioner about tbe Oaks and other things is too good to miss the scissors :— ' Canterbury Pilgrim looked most like business. Thli, as they eay in ?choice American,' was an 'honest Injun' of an opinion. I know of one journalist who, after seeing Canterbury Pilgrim stripped and on his inspection— feeling that he kad seen the mare who would beat the favorite, if any outsider had to accomplish that ap parent - impossibility '—ran at the top of bis speed from the Paddock to the ring and was prevented by purely physical obstacles from getting ' his couple ' on. Things don't h»p peu in this world as they ought to occur. The race for the Oaks took place. Let the testimony of ' the clocks ' be what ft nay. Personally, I don't think ranch of that kind of evidence, anyhow. It may do for Ameri ca (' they didn't know everything down ia Judee,') but it will not do for England. The late Mr Ten Brosk lived long enough on this eide of the Atlantic to prove its fallacy. However, it seemed to me to be a slow rue race. They went along the horizon and down the hill at, It seemed to ks, anything but a terrific pace, and when it came to the descent of tbe hill, which part of tbe struggle: focuses every eye— and especially tbe eye of the expert— nothing very remarkable hud happened. Nevertheless 'all went right ar.d merrily ' with the favorite, to the enormous delight of the crowd at the fateful comer, until straightening oit for home it became evident there was going to be a race. That it proved to be a conflict worthy of the repu tation of the classic contest was signaliisd by mere than one cheer which met the esrs of those who were waiting for the finish.' * ? ? ' Once, but only once, doting that last ran. home, it looked as if the Prince was going to win. The shout was loud and concerted, but it did not prevail. There came along, ia what might be rODgbly termed the middle of the course, one Canterbury Pilgrim, carrying the once-famous color* (' black and white cap ') of ' the Bupert of debate,' looking alt over a winner. And a winner this fine, blood-like, well- trained filly proved to be. The Prince was beaten. The scene which ensued might have been somewhat antici pated, but it was, nevertheless, disappoint ing. There was no cheer. At any rate, the faint ebullition which greeted the victress of the Oaks was the feeblest possible reflection. of what had been heard on similar occasions before. The cause of this was curious. Everybody's throat was prepared for a ' Eoyal ' cheer. The mnltitnde near and far was disappointed. Indeed, for a few moments this feeling was singularly manifested. There was a perceptible advance of the crowd when the Prince's mare looked like winning, but that was clearly because there was a cheer waiting for expression. The reenlt knocked all that out of the advancing cheerers. They were dumb. If they h&d; been sportsmen, with a knowledge of sport, they wonld have hailed the victory of tbe Earl of Derby with rapture. * . * ' Are those silent witnesses of the victory of the CanterburyPUgrim— worthy daughter of a distinguished sire and dam—aware of the importance of thexasultof the Oaks of 1896, so far as itaftects the sport of kings I Tbe late Earl was not' a racing man. He was a professor of 'the dismal science' of political economy. The present Earl throws back to the Lord Derby who owned and ran racehorses, and was a gre»t pillar of tbe Turf. Why, the very Derby Stakes was called after an ancestor of Lord Derby, and the Oaks after the same nobleman's resi dence. If I only had time to look up tbe authorities As it is, I drink the health of the victor and tbe victress, not in the sherry which the great Lord Derby (according to the anecdote) said he would rather avoid— 'on the whole preferring the gout ' — but in the choicest year of the finest Ayala and wish him Derbies and Oakses to come. It is not given to us to have everything as one would wish. The first act of a great drama began on Wednesday. Or, for that matter, was it not the second act 1 think, on the whole, that, in relation to the victory of Thais in the Ladies' Guineas at Newmarket, 1 ought to say tbe second act. The reader who has been prosent on the first submission of a new play will divine my meaning, lo complete the play as it should have been completed, Thais should have won the Oaki. We waited for that consummation, and— it did not come off. A* it is, we have to con gratulate a spirited sportsman, belonging to a grand old sporting family, on a splendid ?victory. If it prove nothing more— and It proves a great deal more— it shows what a leveller of rank to the purely fighting level, the Sport of Eings is.' ? f * The A.J.O. ordered a stand red ribbon for Mr W B Wilson to decorate Wallace with. It has been stated that this is the first red ribbon ever given with a fit Leger in Aui tralia— or the world, for that matter, Bnt that statement if entirely wrong. Tbe Queensland Turf Clab have presented a ribbon with their Leger for years, and Ikave myself seen one in possession of Mr J P Jolt —one being won by King Olaf. . ? » When Tom Payton returned from Mel bourne too othw day he told me that tbe hurdlers over on that section were ths worst lot he ever saw at a first-class meet* ing, sad tin best of them was not worth half-a-crown. The Newmarket trainer's view seems to be about correct when the ancient Billy Boy could carry lOst. 121b. and beat the large Open Hurdle Baoe field. Miller's mate Ouyen was just chucked in on Melbourne fora, aad the sharps made her favourite. Billy Boy was badly handicapped even on the best form of his youthful days —badly weighted if the opposition ws/.' any good, tat he beat Miller s good tninj,', much to the sa^^ACtioa of the books, who began a *-*j which turned out— to use k favorite expression of the lingmsn— a royal -^b. Everybody knows Billy Boy is bj Goldsbtough from that good mare, Colimt, the dam of Gplendide, bit everybody -doera't L kaow that RotobiU Billy UUKr gave J«ekt; Howard tbe horde to take to Melbourne, little expecting him to beat the flower of the land. ? . ? Special Commissioner Griffith's twoyear old, BoBton, held his end up well by beating the Killer representative, Miss Gladstone, snd a large field in the Lawn Handicap, and Dangan made amends for his hurdle race defeat by just beating Mrs Brown's (nee Cbirnside) favorite hunter, Timoni for the National. This race has been done over and over again already, and as I was not there to see it I know nothing fresh about It I am glad to notice Mr W R Wilson won a race with the Hobartviile bred Merman, by Grand Flnnenr from Seaweed, by Coltness from Suri (imp.), by Lifeboat from Parvenue by Joskin. Backers of Miller horses came an awful cropper every time. Misa Glad stone put in two seconds for the Bedleap party, Ouyen a third, WhernBide fell in the National, and their retriever, Dart, was badly beaten in the Open Steeplechase. If this sort of thing goes on for another meeting or two, Mr Albert and Mr Septimus wili not be regarded in tbe light of tin gods as hither to by tbe tony Collins-street toffs. The shareholders in the Canterbury racing track smiled, and set 'era up again after the Selling Bace, out of which Puuehestown wss aold back to his owner for £75. This little 'windfall ' went nice with the, £100 received for entries, sud reduced the regulation £100 to £250. Two hundred and fii tj sovs should not be missed much by these ' representative sportsmen,' and no doubt they will part with it with a good face— not because they feel pleasant, but because they are compelled to. Tbe whispering that took place between horeeowners and shareholders previous to races may have been productive of a profit. Let ue hope so. If fat profits were not forthcoming we might lose these noble-minded men, who might shut up tbeir ?prettily-situated coarse' to tbe pnblic and borseowners, and turn it into a poultry farm. The popular secretary and his fides acliates, the sweet- voiced Jack of the fair phiz, would no doubt run the rooiters to the belt advantage to themselves and the ?enterprising shareholders.' But if they are at all timid and believe in tbe earthly return of those that have gone before, they should stay away irom the farm at night, in caee they might be affrighted to death by the ghosts of the departed stiffs. 