BOTES a AHSWERS.l to ooeeebpohdbhto. . iWn "—It is not usual or legal to exhibit (i Hawthorn. to geii them where the person the to tS hwe of publlcper -"-STtte understood custom Is to do bothT „ nirds' Eggs.—"Sand Piper."-Mr. A. *> &l; vHtSt to Veep inaectsout of J- Ca, ill ions you should make* receptacle in. c0 of the drawer and place in it a rag the corner of b}1>)f|te of carbon. .Any f C v fflPPlr the dm* ■- jljgi are best kept! if Swtecrtv blown, on a layer .of dean "'add'"t!' -_nichard Steele's remfjc.thajt "to •'Slanmnre. ^ education?'*aa mode of ."•'"life as is mentioned in erenr biography of ''isf liehmtcd eighteenth century writer. If 1 „ro not satisfied with a competent and you arc n .^^jy }{ke Lowell, consult s lectures on the EnglMh Humourists, nuSlSi with his collected works. i neomotires.—Mr. 3. C. Holland (South writes —"I notice in your 'Answers to this week a reply to 'A B.' n-«rr,, ki-boal) regarding the weight of Eng t Woinntives. Vou yourself suspect that r answer is below the mark, and that 'such ■Vsouil,o cle is easily proved by the follow ng LsJlc which I take the liberty of forwarding , . „ in tabular form. In the list appended it t ! cicines are of a greater weight than the $ toil ctHnc you mention, though in one or those given are not the very -heartwt ln°i,,cs owned by the respective companies. The ?! T. ii f„r instance, has just built some * Kiiiriitlv larger even than So. T'cTp for working the new East Coast *' trains* but I regret. I Lave Vnt at hand exact enooKh particulars tt> pive Jhrir weights. Tim Great Weston Railway also ,« snnirw-hnt modified its standard design, with ' rffcrt of increasing the total-weight by a }ew fotis. The table is as follows: Class. Tns.Cwt Vnrfh-Vi'icni Railway.. .. 1019 92 10 (-^Ionian Railway -. ..Dunahmtair 87 0 Sn ^nlSXBaitay:: 680 81 17 ilincolnsldre'Bsilw'®!'*• •• ^ ° Midland Railway .. .. 2183 ift 10 Great Northern Railway .. 770 78 10 Kortli British Railway .. .. 8o4 TO 10 Midland Railway • ■ TO53 78 " London ar.d N.W. Ratlway .. Greater ^ # Oreat Western Railway .. 3001 70 2 Oreat 1-Xern Railway .. i<S0 rt 6 I have included some Scotch engines. All wctohts pre 'in working order.* It may interest vou? correspondent, supposing he is not already "aware of the fact, to icarn that our heaviest engine?, l.nown as the 'New A' class, and used on the Bendiga passenger work, ihe Sydney express iH'twcen Melbourne and Benalla, the Adelaide express between Melbourne and Stawell, Ac., wci"h t°n?. Tito engines to be seen at War-! rflcknahi-.il. belonging to the 'D,' the «OM B.' and the T classes, weigh respectively 69J tons, S7J ton-, and 50} tons." "C.A."—D.irl-.y is the common English pronun ciation oi the name Derby. A Literary Mem.—"Kopje." writing from Wan pimii. sacs:—"Reading the interesting review of Sheridaih? life in your paper reminds me of a ftorv that i do not recollect having seen in print. 8!r ridan was slaying with Thomas Camp bell. the author of 'Holtrnlinden,* and return ing late at night was heard by Campbell stagger ing up the stairs. Leaning over the banisters, lie railed out to know who was below, to which the reply in Sheridan's richest tones came upj "'Tis her rolling rapidly." ' "Kopje."--Mulu* is understood lo signify in Fiji; dialed "wail a while." " II.r."- There are not the ^slightest grounds for Fup[vi.irg that the creases made OP the palm oi the hand, by folding or bending it, ere an index to events present Or to gome. Certain shrewd and observant persons are able, from data otherwise supplied, to ganfiftJIie respecting individuals who come before. them:to be told their fortune. As a rule, knowing what Die questioner is most interested ift,;lhoy talk mar riage. <ti her practitioners tell "character" from a single hair. The game is tut old as the human Tflce. In former generations fortunes were cast from horoscopes or diagrams showing the posi tion • of the stars and planets. When palmistry dies out resort will be bad to something else, lor. in the first place, people want to be told a hi iiit the future, and tltey. will believe any thing that is nice, even if the niceness should take the form of attending the funerals of three or finir hii-diamR In the next place, credulous persons are usually witling to pay (or bogus in funnatii n; and, finally, the business is a lucra tive line for the palmist. No event of public conscqi!, nre has ever been foretold by any of our pr.ifi -rional seers. They deal only in things that may happen to anybody. When tliey dis (viur.-e mi past events they proceed by conjec tme. h;.-od on observation* and experience. "IV. T." (Warangtt).—The date will he fixed by Mr. Did, the chief inspector of factories, to. wlmm write. "hngincer" (Geclong).—Application lias to be inado to the Marine Beard. Before you pan is! examined you must serve a certain time at sea. "J. If."- The pastimes or trades you speak of ar quite lauiul so long as-no fraud is practised it connect ion with them. Disputing over Adam Lindsay Cordon.—"Ephote,' writing ftom Kanowna, libitC Feather, W.A. says:—1"There is a controversy going on In th local press between the schoolmaster and my self re Australian poets aud poetry, - It iath outcome of an essay read by ihe echoolmasio iietore the Literary and Debating Society, Stiia lie severely castigated our Australian poet*, have quoted to liirn Kendall, Gordon, Steplieni nentworth. Harper. And French Adbms. betid lanvfoti, Patterson, Lorimer, and other bush poeti He lias taxed me about Gordon, and *1 hav maintained tiiat 'How We Bent the Favourit* was first published in 'The Australasian,' .ap offered to wager or despate"tto to the hospital i uver a donation r,(avmll can disprove thofrct that •HoW.W sn Vttn lavo.urtw was wdto.hy rO»So m JIc.h°urne about a ccrtktir'**ee'*t the Inr Uuh meeting, and that ILftfat apne ' 5Un.iIi p J,hun.c in The Xuetralaaa ; iJSl ? m uch a ttenthw tbkt tic : inMted to, and accepted, a- froi" " '*'p(rar>' staff of thattjournall editor Of 'The Austimlariui' la aectua.. *r °?c.r 18 'tJeh. .yerbhm,«»t a },iat '« wws prepared fo iwjveiluit sppiared in England in connecltMi with t barwtck Hunt ttub, JU Wtlubtnrr%eU ,™eiare niucb lotcrestcd in'the pcdnt at iBtt have all decided h.A «Si>ls L"l. U question. I remcB^ W.it the olntuary notice ta 'act was placed beyond u»uu »re »o publiahed domestic life fn AuitrnllS S"' 1V-J1'Production "io btyW to abide by your decMon* akctri ■vho wrote ^ Ani.ii's .on Qoidon Australasian" a year UraT^weti «ure rigld^^ 0,6 {jot without in<Uc2l tower. But it k ^ [j.-'reaA.'gt > Auatwu !"a. offer from ! lCcwte to Decembcr, ^^ Melviiraj?8, a lich " riteaw tell me what length of time the lo»g«t, aream hag been known to laitl" We' fear this ' question it iiniiqwcnUe'. ' No one but the - dreamer himself knows when he it dreaming, ] and when to occupied he takes no note of time, i Persona wishing to establish a record have no , means of proving their claim. "J. O."—From the 15th June, 1998, toe rate of postage on inland .packets containing -wholly ; erinted matter except the address, which may e in writing, shall be as follows;—-For every - Soz. or fraction of 8oz. up to 41b., one half- ; penny. The charge for transmission through the post within Tictoria-of circulars or other matter i not printed in .ordinary type, that Is, produced ■ by other mechanical processes, such as chromo-1 ... y.vccsci, mien as enromo graph,--copying-press, type-written, or imita tion thereof, shall be one. halfpenny for each ; when not ■ exceeding 2or„ if at least 108 copies of such circulars, "absolutely in Identical terms, 1 Jl,/;'™11 ea™ envelope or wrapper be JfifS Ppstcd}" this endorsement to be vortex i.„ _ ■ , —<*» «u» cuuureemeui to oc ■ the n^f imp,rF,?iol1 of date "tamp Of. the post-office at which they are posted. (Launceston.—The question you ask was dealt with in this column several weeks ago. We are not in a position to confirm or deny Ouida's statement (given in full under "literature," in "The Australasian" of October 10), that for the decoration of bonnets feathers are plucked from the living bird, and for- gloves that the skin is . Stripped from the living kid. It may be poetry or the grim fact. So far as seals are concerned, they have to be clubbed before they can be skinned. 'Perplexed."—1. The words have been Anglicised. 1 and may be. pronounced according .to English usage, such as men'-yoo for menu, deb'-u-tant | for debutante, Tweelerics for TuitlericS, &e.; In i French, menu is pronounced with the accent on the second syllable (noo), while the' e lias the same sound as in "different." 2, All lexico- j grephera have written on the difference between shall and will, but none of them have formulated . a short and simple rule. Shall is used in con juration with l.to announce'an intention. "I shall go," means that you propose going. "I will go,7' means that you have resolved to go, 1 and arc making the going an act directed by the will. Should and would correspond to shall and wilt. The stereotyped illustration of the misuse of will and shall is the well-known exclamation of the Scotchman who fell into the Thames, vis., "1 will be drowned; nobody shall help me." "Baros."—The pressure of the atmosphere in- ; creases as we descend. ' At the temperature of j OQdeg. Fahrenheit if the barometer reads 30in. at the-sca-level it will read 31.10in. at the-bot tom of a sliaft 1,000ft. below the level of the sea; or if Uie pressure is 151b.'to the spuare inch at the surface it will be 15.501b. at the bottom of the shaft; With an increase of temperature the air becomes lighter by about l-50th part for - an increase, of 10deg. of heat, so that in the] above example if the temperature had been | VOdcg. instead of OOdeg. the difference of weight would have been about 0.55 instead of 0.60 of a | pound. "J.B."—1. Instruction is given in mining and 1 metallurgy at such places as the Technological Museum, Working Men's College, Schools of] Mines at Ballarat, Bendigo, Ac. The practical ] pert of the work can only be learned in tnc mine. 2\. Obtain five minutes' -talk with someone prac- ( tically connected with mining. No general ] directions can be given. 3. Kerncr von Mani 1mm, in his "Natural History of Plants," a re- : emit book published in English by Blackie and Son, gives many instances of the hybridisation of plants occurring naturally. It happens usually ; between plants of allied species, and not often between plants of different genera. Cases ore mentioned (a European willow _being one) where the hybrids have become definite and per manent species. The statement that any pollen would fertile any stigma in plants of the same 1 order has evidently been made at random. Verses Supplied.—A correspondent supplies verses asked for last week " it isn't tlie thing you do, dear. It's the thing you've left undone. Which gives you a hit of heartache At the setting of the sun. The tender word forgotten, The letter you did not write, The flower, you might have sent, dear, Arc your haunting ghosts to-night " The atone you might have lilted Out of a brother's way, \- The hit of heartsotne counsel You were hurried too much to say; The loving touch of the hand, dear,. -- -j The gentle and winsome t> M Tlist you had no time or Uioiwjgtfg^ With troubles enough of v/wlry*" " The little act of kindness, / / So easily out of mind; j " { Tltose clianecs to be angels Which every mortal finds\ They come in night and sileiteK _ Each chill, reproachful wraith^ -',.? When hope is faint aud flagging, '"~ And a blight has dropped on faith." The author is stated to be Mrs. Sangster. "Tongala."—Measured on the map, the distance from Euroa to Tatura is a little over 20 miles. "J.O." (Perth, W.A.) asks for solutions of the following questions;—(I) The perimeter of a right-angled triangle is 8 feet, and its area is AA square feet. Find the length of the hypo tenuse. 1 Let the length of the hypotenuse be Z feet, and let the lengths of the rides be X feet and V feet. Then by the terms of the question: — X i- Y + 7. --e 8 — (1) XY = 2AA - (2) And hy the property of all right - angled I triangles -XX + YY = ZZ Or XX + YY — ZZ = O (3), ' From (2) 2XY = 4AA. Therefore, by addition, XX + 2XY + YY — ZZ -= 4AA, or (X + Y + Z) (X + Y — Z) = 4AA. Therefore, by (1). ' 8 (S — 2Z) = 4 AA, whence it follows that Z — (88 —4AA) -f- 28. (2) (liven XXXX + JXX = 38JX, find JT by quadratics. Since X is a-factor of the expression . XXXX + JXX — 28JX,, X = O ig one solution of the proposed equation. The other solutions will have to be obtained from | the equation, XXX + i.\'^281 ^0, . a, « — 3) (XX + SX + 01) >f O. . ■ Pence s -second solution Is ■ round from the equation: X— & O, , Therefqre X = 3'ls a second solution. . Two other solutions can be found from -the r quadratic equation XX +.8X O. Each of these, howevfcr, is ah Impossible surd , quantity, and our correspondent-must-tit left to l write thOTdowu far himri^f. : I ♦b.O,B." (BaltiraO-rIf ^ fig estate ho tobounil <0 pay you -terar And Above his on^^cUun. j Should he take It owr, you are entitled tq redeem it o» pay ment of Ihc balance due, with interest In toe Ovcqt Jof foreelpsure. you had .better consult all \- lawyer as to what should be dope. The pro , writing is unnecessary, and would hare oo ' ' ' nosed 1 ■wuait; ij&filtBtf; 85 $ vritb hpiled ltotesd oit hohrspof 