Th'e ' .lni ?i . "Itis for the lat lime," she whii. pered. l)umbly oyes told eyes this was the triutli. Alwayvs inevitab:e, it had come at a. After lo- night the:e was to be no future in comon'in. As yet neither hasl said tie word that each is think iing of.. "Good-Lrel" IA little word to hole so munch of pain. "To forget!" A short se.ntence to illustrate the imp:s sible. ."Not yet!" A ptrayor for roe prieve. "The end!"" A futureless hour which embraces Past and Present. "lThi roo i; duol ," says lie, as a show orof eotals fell at his feet. ],Mechan ically-reimoving the broken stem from hi- buLiiOn-hold,' he added---"and-the word is said:" "It has booeen a most sweet'c ptler in our lives," said she; with downchst :I would not have missed it," repliid hb-i-"tlough ivo may never add-" "To be continued." And a tear otnr. softly over her cheek Each had lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would be loft of what had been all. Alasl That the books of men's lives should be writ ten in the sandl. and that the tides of the years leave not oven a trace. A strange emptiness fills the night. Other nights .hIall conime ?inst-hannted. Ghosts of in:crulable glanlces -of swoot replies to old immo,rtal questi,'niuig,. She stands beside him, her lilp quoiv. ersugCth agony' sufllred for his sake. His eyes a-e litllrd -,,ith pitying tear:; fir two broken lives-their own. Alasl ,or the nights lrinmmuing with it l uIJy milences under-the stars. The sltadel iamp is burning out. TIlIs hour has eome. WVords are poor things. "Did I bring my cane?" And ihis trembling hand reaches into it shadowy eorner. "Yes; here it is," replied she. "Good night." "Good night." Each knows that it is a good-bye. A caress. A sigh. A nob. The door closes. His rapid footsteps are tpeedily lost to herlistening car. Yoe, it is over. The darkness swallow's him from sight. A murky flash. lie is lighting his cigarette. And she ? She slowly rearranges her ruilled bangs as she mnllrnumrs, with ia yawn: "I wonder what time he'll come up to-morrow night!" They have bid each other an eternal arowell before.. 