Chips and Splinters Over *6000 was spent In wreaths for Col North's poffin, Ope eight feet long wB8|Bnt.J)y,tbBE3iiRcf the Belgians. Wnen 'ibe Great Divide' takes plaoe the Colonel will find this lavish display of floral tributes oounts for no thing. Farber^nd 00. don't take tea together just now, 'and the result is the D.T. carefully leaves out the names of H. P. and Co.'s steamers, and this petty mean ness haBbenn carried to euoh an extent that the official mail tables are tampered with, muoh to the inoonvenienoe of the general public. Two old residents of Deloratne died last week- Mr. Ben Sheriff, aged 68 yearf, and Sir. Charles Goodwin, aged 89 years. Chicken etoalers are an lively in tbe North as the ghost is in Hobart. At one house the Heads of siiveral l'u» birds were carnally deposit'*! on ;he doorstep, but tL« bodies were musinv. The universal verdict is that Hurray's Jubilee Boap U second to none for quanty and cheapness. Trilby is to bo played one night only at Hobart and one night in Launoeston. Quicklight the Tasmanian dead-1 ird (or the Grand National Steeple area a lovely last on Saturday. The Australian's victory over the Flayers was the most meritorious j.er formanoe of the season. During the year 1896 the Launoeston Benevolent Society relieved 2168 perse ne. It is decided to establish an Arior Day in Launceston. The Hbel action instituted against ha Dalt Telegraph by Capt. Straoban '.ill be beard in JJHuneeston nest inoiuh. The second one will be heard in Sep tember. K. verdict of wilful murder has bi en returned against George Horse) sy, whose wife was found battered to de-.th in the tail race at the Garibaldi '''in Mine last week. The death sentence passed on Emily Dibbs, alias Madame Fitzjames, for per forming an illegal operation, which re sulted fatally, has been commuted to 10 years hard labor. Modebtv prevonte us from saying *-o much in favor of our own manufactures. We only ask you to try O.K. Soap and Oandlec H.M.S. Landrail sank the Siren, m Australiau trader, in the Engl.sh Channel on Monday. The Siren was in ward bound with a valuable cargo of wool end ore. No lives were lost. Two prisoners oscaped from Trial B ty prison, Sydney, oil Monday. They stile a boat and got away along the'- cot- -=t, Trial Bay is Sydney's Port Arthur. A railway collision at Logan, lova. D.8.A., on Saturday last killed 27 persons and injured 51 others. Obit: Sir Augustus Berkelay Pag it, Ambassador, Extraordinary, and Pleni potentiary to the Emperor of Austria. Aged 73 years. It ib computed that the people of L n don get away with 1,600,000 sheep every/ year. These are tocompMued by 400,000 oxen, 500,000 caves, 700,000 pigs, aid fowls innumerable, to say nothing of,, the few trifles which are classified as vefjut ables. ? At all wholesale and retail hpu.ies Murray's Jubilee Soap can bo obtained. The week's weather and market i.e port : — Snow, rain, hail, wind, and,' timl er trade looking up. The shingles are ji st were they always are, sometime? up a id sometimes down. ' A professor submitted his cranium to be experimented upon by the Bijntg an rays, the exact thine- require^ being to diecover if he hid any brains and to locate them. They were found all rigl t ; but within about sir weeks that porti -n upon which the r.iys had been direct -d had lost every particle of hair, aid science had found somethjiug more tl. at the rays can do. / A clergyman vas dejutedly readiig the Holy Scriptures to Ms congregatk n, when be came to cevlMn words in t ae lower right hand corn* to which he r e sired to give groat jfmphasis, To be read with a loud voifaj — ' I am,' turn 3d over two leaves anil (continued ?' An v.,~s, the foal of an aee,' Mien seeing his in s take found the right place and add 'A ' that I am.' Whifch of course nobo ly would deny. .' AlderBhot has its war balloons of soc.et conEtruction ready to be dispatched to any part of the world at an hour's noti .o. If you want a gefod dinner, tea, or breai fast, go to City Tiuif.cUcm Rooms, 85 Elii- -t. An American fy :.s constructed ira aivr drome, built of feieel and propelled t-y steam. Twice Was it flown half a mile in the air like the aurved flight of a ham k. When its steanil was exhausted it sa lk uninjured to earth. The Spanish triops suffer from yellf w jack in Cuba. } The ballot oft *he Newcastle mimrs dosed up the strike business. Tl-a Queensland people are not going to ftfjom thein Federal Parliament. £ho Malgians\ have driven out nf th-ir country thirty ftiuglith socialists. The Factories ?'nA Shops' Act Ainec 1 ment Bill passed through all stages in Victorian Parliament. When are we M get it here f - All the British naval laanmimaa next month, lOp bhips of war with 20,0 -0 sailors will be nreRont. Curiosity awa ts the result. \ The South Australian cricketer, Jon is, has got a live Wears billet with tie Sussex Club. U That strike am*8Jgst the Britiili ci il miners is gaining Headway. Tuii Australian EJU'5Haro quite able bo hold ilieir own anafffl't ull comers. O. v. Sbap and Candles nlfb not behind hanS in this totpact oitllor. }| The European powers object to the SngUsh Consul dispensing oharity in Crete. Just as well to be oareful you know. A heavy Canadian Ministry is formed under Mr. Wilfrid Laurier. A colony of interest to Australians. There is a net surplus of 4215,600 in the New Zealand Treasury for the past financial year. The Irish Land Bill shows some sort of a chance of passing the Bousi of Commons up to date. ' A used key is always bright.' So ran* the old adage. We com a uew phrase and state ' O.K. Candles are always bright. Try -em and see. The Italian prisoners in Abyslnia have been feted by the Empress of that country. Not so bad after all. Townsville (Q.) nearly burned down. Its only one remove from the place below at any time. A terrible railway accident at Iowa (U.S.) and much Iobb of life. The Cear comes to England next year. They are hesitating over increasing the taxes of the French people. A new goldfleld discovered at the Orange Free State, South Africa. A big rush anticipated. A single bar of Jnbileo Soap will do more work than two of any other brand. Egypt decimated with cholera. Tas mania flushed with hard times. A native tried to kill Cecil Rhodes at eight paces but missed. He is not to die for a long time yet. Else, a bank accountant at Charters Towers (-J,), found dead in his bed. The Victorians will not have the Queensland ticks at any price. They are adopting stringent measui us to keep out the beast. A number of police official ;. including the Prefect, committed for tritl in Russia in connection with tlie Hoeoovf tragedy. Stud ehoop, at the Sydney hheep sales, fetched, £3\ 828. The Tainanny ring supporting the American boy politician, Bryan. Earl Grey offering conciliation to the Matebelle cbiofn, but the whites are too indignant to hear of them accepting it. The Nihilists are getting it warm in Russia this summer. They may make it cool for someone next winter. A heavy run on the U.S. gold reserves in consequence of the agitation for a silver coinage. Dysentrv killing off the Matfibele natives. If you want a good supper go to City Luncheon Rooms, 85 Elisabeth -street. Putting the population of the earth at 1300 millions, there are 500 millions who do not eat flesh from religious motives, and at least ten million Mahommedans wboooly tasteitonceayear, whilst among the 400 million Christians a large num ber are vegetarians in practice, if not by conviction. Messrs. Crick and Meagher, two dis tinguished characters in the famous Dean case, met 'promisous ' at the Hotel Australia the other day and started plugging one another. Legal .proceedings, of course. Jubilee Soap nerer injures the clothes. Makes them sweet and pure and as white aa snow. Jim Stanbury, 'the dead man,' de feated Wag Harding on Monday by 8 lengths. Harding {was favorite, conse quently the Australians made stacks of money. The Englishmen now are of opinion that Stanbury is the livest dead man they ever saw. What with rowing and crioket_ the kangaroo just now has got the lion's head in chancery, and is giving him a severe pounding. If you wish to save money, time, and labor purchase and use nnly Jubilee Soap. Boft value in Hobart. Sold everywhere at Cd. per bar. Tim man drowned at Hobblor's Bridge the other day was a miner named Mont gomery, well known in the Mathinna district. War and glory have been costly things to France. Between 1792 and 1815 she sacrificed one - half of the 5,500,000 solJiers whom she sent to fight her battles. War has cost bur in this century not far from 6,000,000 'ives. The young man Davies, who so very pluckily saved Dyson near Hobbler'R Bridge last week, is said to havq got £r-0 for his brave aud courageous act. He really got ten bob and a dim)', which is what Dyson thinks his own life is worth. Davies is a man with a family, and was the only oue out of a lot of onlookers who was plucky enough to go out into the surging flood and rescue Dyson, who was squealing like a rabbit. The Plying Scotchman, going 50 miles an hour, left the rails on Tuesday last near Preston. One passenger waB killed and many injured. One of the most useful inventions to housewives is Jubillo Soap. A tid. bar of thie soap outlivux all others. The Democratic Conference was only reported in the Muckery by a very small par, yet the immaculate teacher of the Temple of Truth, who delivered a lec ture in the old Ebenezer Gbjpe.1, was given a cross-headed article non*. The Muckery's discretion, like her morals, is a bit fuzzy. Plate sin with gold and the strong lance of justice hurtless breaks ; arm it in rags a pigmy's straw doth pierce it. Dean Cowper, of Sydney, if. 85 years old, aud has been for 62 years a parson. At oue time, excepting his father, he was the only clergyman in Australia. I Dean Cowper still performs church I duties, and hus a musical voice, as clear I and beautiful in tone as that of a sing- 1 ing bird. I Ir you wuut si plate of soup, any hour of thu day. go ts «io City Luncheon Jloome, 65 laituWoti -Btreet. Jubilee Soap gives a creamy latheraud is 1 Bjolendjd foyvttuidg la'cce, or in fsct, ally 1 