THE MASTER OF OLD COURT PLACE; OB, FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST. By HEDLEY R1CH4RDS, Author of "Sentenoe Pronounoed," "A Welsh Prinoeas," ,(The Omerod j Mystery, Etc., etc. CHAPTER XH.— (Continued.) It was a dreary dinner that night, and a dreary hour and a half that followed. Once she thought of going to see Grace, but she felt too tired, and a little after ten she went to her room. and was soon in bed and fast asleep. For some time it was a heavy, dream less sleep, but after awhile Alice began to dream. In her dreams she was transported to a grassy dell, a place she had never seen, and there saw a stranger, a fine handsome man, talking to a girl whom she recognised as the mad girl, only she was prettily dressed in a pink cotton gown. As they talked, a man who had toeen standing behind in the shade of a tree suddenly levelled a pis tol at the stranger and fired. There was a moan from the wounded man, then a scream from the girl, and at the same moment Alice recognised In the murderer her husband. With a scream she awoke to find her hand grasped in a vice-like clasp, and raising her head, she beheld the idiot girl seated In a chair by her bedside, and holding her hand. With a slight scream Alice wrested her hand from the idiot's clasp, and at the same moment the girl opened her eyes and looked round. "What are you doing here?" asked Alice, trying to speak gently, but ter ribly frightened. The girl put her hand to her head, and Alice thought she, too, seemed fright ened. "What are you doing here?" Alice repeated. "I came to see you, and I sat down here. I think I must have fallen asleep," she replied in a more natural tone than Alice had yet heard her use. "Never mind, I will put on my dress ing-gown and take you to your room," said Alice. "Not yet. I want to look at your pretty things," and she left the bedside and proceeded to the dressing-room, where Alice heard her moving various things. Thinking the girl would perhaps be meddling with the lamp which was turned low, Alice rose and went towards her dressing room; but as she opened the door between the rooms she heard the one leading on to the landing gently closed. Slipping on her dressing gown, Alice went quickly in the direction which she had seen the idiot girl take on that other occasion; but she was too late, as there was no trace of her to be found. So Alice returned to her room, and having locked the door, got into bed, where she lay awake until dawn thinking of the horrible dream she had had. The next morning, soon ofter break fast, Martha Gee entered the morning- room, where Alice was busy with her fancy work. "Excuse me, ma'am, but wers you disturbed last night?" "Yes. I had a horrible dream, and I woke to find the poor girl in my room." "I'm sorry she disturbed you, ma'am, but it's no wonder considering how many of your belongings she managed to get hold of;" and Martha laid on the table a gold ring set with turquoise, a bottle of scent, a fan, and a pair oj gloves. "I think those are all yours, ma'am," she said. "Yes. Poor girl! What a love of fin ery she has. Let her keep the things." "No, ma'am, it won't do, or every chance she gets she'll he coming to your rooms and stealing your things. She's scent enough on her dress and petti coats to last her a month." "YeB; that botttle was nearly full; .but let her keep it, at any rate." After a little demur Martha agreed that she should have the scent, as it pleased her so much. "And you'll be sure not to mention the matter to the master?" she said. "No, I won't mention it to him," re plied Alice, and Martha Gee departed. CHAPTER Xin.— "WHO IS SHE?" Shortly after luncheon Alice put on her hat and went as far as the Gables. All the morning she had been oppress ed by the nasty dream she had had, and she felt that she must tell it to some one. She dare not tell her mother lest she should repeat it to Martin, so she decided to relieve her mind by telling Grace, who she knew would not reveal the idiot girl's presence at Old Court Place, either to Martin, with whom she had no intercourse, op any one else.. "Is Miss Sturt at home?" she asked the butler as she entered the hall. (Commenced Publication February IS.) "She's in the garden, ma'am. I think you'll find her under the big oak tree near the fountain, for that's my mis tress's favorite seat," the man replied, and Alice proceeded in the direction of the fountain, but before she reached it the flutter of a white dress caught her eye. "You here, Alice. I am so glad. I was just wondering when you were coming to see us," said Grace, as she rose to greet her cousin, whom she kissed af fectionately. "What's the matter, dear? You look uncommonly grave," she added. "I feel so." replied Alice, as she shook hands with Mrs Carruthers; "I had such a strange dream last night, and I can not get rid of the horrid thing." "Dreams are queer things, and some times when one has nightmare they are dreadful," said Mrs Carruthers, in a comforting tone, as Alice seated herself in a low garden chair which she drew close to her cousin. "I think I will tell you about it; then very likely I shall forget it." "Do; but j'ou know I'm rather a be liever in dreams," said Grace. "Oh, don't say that, or I shall never dare to tell mine; but of course it could never come true;" and Alice began tel ling what she had dreamed. As she proceeded, Grace and Mrs Carruthers looked at each other. It was quite evident that Martin Barron's wife had never heard the storjr of Cap tain Goddard's murder, but when she named the fact of her awakening and finding the idiot girl holding her hand, they both started. "Who is this girl?" asked Mrs Car ruthers. Alice looked rather troubled. "I ought not to have named her; but then I couldn't tell my dream without alluding to her. Martha Gee told me in confidence that she was the late Mr Barron's illegitimate daughter, and she warned me not to name her to Martin, who disliked the subject to be men tioned." Again Grace glanced at Mrs Carru thers, and they both listened attentively to Xlice's account of the girl's first visit to her room. "Do you know her name?" inquired Grace. "Martha Gee told me that it was Mary. But don't j'ou think It was an awful dream?" "Indeed I do; and if I were In your place, Alice, 1 would not tell mj' hus band." "I daren't; for Martin would either scoff at it and ridicule it on every pos sible occasion, or he would be terribly angry." While she was speaking, Mrs Carru thers had left them and gone towards the house. "Grace, you won't mention this to my mother, as she would question Martin about this girl, and there would be trouble," said Alice. "I won't tell her or any one." "And you don't think it will come true? You sec-, Martin has a very quick temper, and if he was ever provoked' about this girl— Martha says he cannot bear to even hear her named— I have been afraid he might do something rash." "What you dreamed will never hap pen," replied Grace, very gently, won dering how Alice would feel if she knew that report said that it had al ready happened. "Oh, I am so glad j'ou feel like that. Perhaps you'll think it very wrong of me even to imagine such a thing pos sible; but the dream was so vivid." Before Grace could reply, Mrs Car ruthers joined them. "Did you ever see a detective came ra?" she asked, as she placed what look ed like a small box on her knee. "No; but I've heard of them," replied Alice, while Grace looked curiously at her companion, who said: "Before I came here I was in Ameri ca, and some friends of mine over there were enthusiastic amateur photagra- phers. They taught me something of the art, and I am rather fond of taking snap-shots. Just now, when you werfe telling us about your visits from that poor girl, I thought how much I should like a photograph of lier, so I fetched my little camera, and If you will let me, I will show jrou how to use it. Then, when she comes to see you again, you can take a snap-shot and let us see It. You don't object, I suppose?" she asked, seeing that Alice looked doubtful. "No; I don't think it would do any harm, but of course you wouldn't show it to any one." At this moment the butler and foot- man were seen coming towards them, with the table and tea equipage, and Mrs Carruthers rose and moved her chair. "The table will stand better there," she said; and Alice did not notice that her question had gone unanswered. Neither the dream nor the photograph were alluded to again until after tea. Then Mrs Carruthers showed Alice how to use the camera — which was a most complete affair, with all the latest im provements — taking special pains to in struct her in the use of the flash light apparatus, so that she could take a snap- shot in the dusk if needful. "You will take it home?" said Mrs Carruthers. "Indeed, I will; and If you don't ob ject, I shall often use it." "I hope you will. If you send me the negatives I will develop them. That little dark box- room at the top of the house will do splendidly," said Mrs Car ruthers, turning to Grace. "Yes; I will have it put in order." After chatting some time longer, Alice said she must go, as she wanted to call at her mother's on her way home. 1 "I thought perhaps she would come , and dine with me, as Mr Barron will not be home until after eleven to-night." "Dear-a-me, how late! I suppose he will drive home," said Mrs Carruthers. " Yes ; he said the dogcart was to meet him," replied Alice, who felt slight ly surprised at the interest Mrs Carru thers displayed In her husband. "Well, if you must go, we will walk with you as far as your mother's," said Grace. When they had said good-bye to her at the gate of Stonebank Lodge, the two ladies turned homewards. "Poor girl, how little she suspects the truth, or what is generally believed to be the truth," said Grace. "I take it that her dream confirms that belief," replied Mrs Carruthers. "Who do you think the girl is?" ques tioned Grace. . < "I don't believe the tale that woman told her. I strongly suspect the idiot girl will prove to he Phyllis Blount." "Phyllis Blount! But she was not out of her mind." "No, but the horror of what she is supposed to have witnessed may have driven her crazy. At any rate, the photograph will tell us." "Not without you show it to some one who knew her, and I am afraid that will get Alice into trouble." "Well, we shall no doubt find a way to arrange it. At any rate, it is as well to see what she is like. The thing that puzzles me is how they managed, if she 1b Phyllis Blount, to get her to Old' Court Place without anyone being the wiser," said Mrs Carruthers. "I think there is a great deal of mys tery about it altogether. For instance, how do you account for Alice having that dream, as she has evidently never heard of the tragedy in the dell?" re plied Grace. " I should account for it In this way. Assuming that the mad girl is Phyllis Blount, it Is quite possible that the awful scene of which she was wit ness may repeat itself In her dreams, even though when awake she has no re collection of it, and, as she had hold of Mrs Barron's hand, I imagine in some way the one mind influenced the other. I have read of such things, and believe it would be possible." "That is going very far into the un known; but, as the whole affair is mys terious, your explanation may be cor rect," answered Grace, as they entered the house. When Martin Barron reached Wolfer- dene that night, he found the dog-cart waiting for him. "I'll drive," he said, as he seated him self and took the reins from the groom. It was a clear starlight night, but there was no moon visible; a beautiful still summer's night, when the air was heavy with the perfume of flowers and fruits, but Martin thought neither of the beauty nor fragrance of the night. He had gone to London for a purpose, and he had done what he wanted so skilfully and cleverly ttjat he told him self no one could trace his movements. He was congratulating himself on this as he drove along the lane. Then, see ing the park gates standing open, he checked his horse slightly, thinking it likely Mrs Gee might be about, as she never left the gate open at night. But, instead of Mrs Gee, he saw a tall figure, clad in a long cloak with the hood drawn over her head, while It revealed the face of his first wife, Agatha. She was standing so that the light from the lamp which hung over the Lodge door fell full on her face. "Lord save us, it's the mistress!" ex claimed the groom, who had lived at Old Court Place a number of years. With an oath, Martin lashed the horse so savagely that it sprang for ward and rushed wildly up the drive to the house, where the animal stood pant ing and quivering. in every limb, until Downs opened the door, and his master entered the house. Nor were Martin and the groom the only ones frightened. Mrs Gee, who had been at the back of the house, on hearing the sound of wheels, hastened to the door, and was just in time to dimly see the dog-cart disappear. "He seems to be going uncommon quick," she muttered, as she went to the gate, which she closed and locked. Then she turned to re-enter her little garden; but there, not a foot from her, stood a tall, black form, and even in the dim light which shone from the lamp over the door, the old woman recognised the face of Martin Barron's first wife. With something between a groan and a prayer, she fell on her knees, clasping her hands over her ej'es. At last, when she ventured to look up, the figure had vanished, and with trem bling limbs she rose, but to her horror she saw the form of her departed mis tress enter the cottage. Trembling and shaking in every limb, she steadied herself against the garden wall. "Oh, dear, there's trouble coming or she'd not be about; and Martha scoffed at it, and said it was nothing but the master's fancy. But I know better now, and I'm afraid the end is near for some of us." At last she ventured to enter and ex plore her house, but there was no sign of the strange visitor, and with a sigh of relief she shut and fastened the front , door. While all this was going on at Old Court Place, Grace, who had retired to rest soon after ten o'clock (Mrs Carru thers had said she was tired, and pre- j ceded her), could not rest on this warm August night; so, becoming weary of tossing from side to side, she got up, and slipping on her dressing-gown she drew up the blind and seated herself near the window, which was slightly open at the top. Sitting there in the darkness, her mind wandered to the past, then came back to the present, nd Sir Justin Goddard. She regretted that she could not accept his love, or let him know how. dear he was to her. Suddenly her thoughts were rudely in terrupted by hearing the window under neath raised. "What did it mean ? Were burglars trying to get in ? Well, she would pre vent them if she could." Thinking thus, she opened the door very quietly, and stole downstairs to the room under her own, which was the librarj', and overlooked the most retired and prettiest part of the garden. When she reached the door she stood still and listened, but could mot hear a sound. Then suddenly she heard the click of the door-handle, and the next moment the door was opened, and a tall, dark-robed figure came out of the room. Grace was standing rather lower down the corridor, therefore she was not observed; so, drawing further back, she saw the form go rapidly-ucross the hall and ascend the staircase, but with out making the least sound. Evidently the thief wore soft shoes, and as she started in pursuit, Grace congratulated herself that she was wearing her bed room slippers. Up the stairs and along the landing she followed the midnight intruder, until the latter reached Mrs Carruthers' room, which she entered, and before she could close the door Grace had followed her into the room. "What do jrou want ?" Grace demand ed, laying her hand on the stranger's arm. There was a start, and a smothered exclamation. Then in an instant the lamp was turned up, and at the same moment the long black cloak was flung on one side, and as Grace looked at her In surprise she recognised the proud patrician face of Agatha Goddard— Martin Barron's first wife. The blue eyes were the same, and the complexion was almost as delicate, but the face was older and sadder, and the golden hair was cut short like a boy's, and clustered in little ringlets all over her head. For an instant Grace stood looking at her, spellbound; then, slowly recovering herself, she said : "You are" then paused. "I am Mrs Carruthers, or Maude God dard, Martin Barron's first wife's sis ter. I see j'ou recognise me from the likeness to her, or perhaps you think, as he thinks, that I am Agatha." "I did. Thank God, it was a mis take !" said Grace, as she seated her self, feeling almost overpowered by the » shock. "You wonder why I have come here under a false name and disguised. Well, I can easily explain," she said, as she seated herself opposite to Grace. ' CHAPTER XIV.— MAUDE'S STORY. "I said I was Agatha's sister; in re ality, as you have heard, I was her half sister. Her mother had been mj' fath er's best-loved wife, and she was his favorite daughter — two facts which I resented. Still we agreed fairly well, particularly as I was indifferent to ad miration. " I was eight years older than her, and before she was out of the schoolroom, the romance of my life was over, when Cap tain Hesselthorpe was killed In the hun ting-field. We had been engaged a year and our marriage was very near, when this terrible blow fell on me, and from that day I became a quiet, reserved wo man. Of course I went into society, but I did not care for it, and gradually Ag atha began to be regarded as the daugh ter of the house, while I retired Into the background. "Even Clifford ,to whom I was pas sionately attached, made more of her, though she was only his half sister. It was not that she was so much more beautiful, for we were singularly alike. Both resembled our father, who was a very handsome man, but she was brigh ter, and full of life and passion, while I .was calm and quiet. You have heard the story of tH6 murder and Agatha's disappearance on that night. "Well, I formed the opinion and so dia my father that she must have known something of the murder, and £e resolved never to see or speak to her again. My father died suddenly, and in bitter anger at her conduct he Excluded her from any benefit under his will. , X never met her again, from a letter which she wrote to me just before sailing for San Francisco, I came to the conclusion that she knew nothing 6f the murder until long after we ba<j heard of it. and that we had blamed her unjustly. "I had vowed at the time of my brother's murder to bring Martin Bar ron to justice, for I felt certain he was the murderer. Then when people hinted that my father had killed Clifford in his anger, because he would not give up Phyllis Blount, I took an oath that I would be revenged, and Agatha's last letter only gave an additional stimulus to my desire. "In that letter she gave me some proofs of Martin's guilt. She had acci dentally discovered them, and from the time she left him until then, it had, she said, been a long struggle as to whether it was her duty to give those proofs to the police or to let him go free. At last she had decided to leave the matter in my hands, and herself leave England for ever. You have heard how the vessel was wrecked and only two or three sailors saved. "After that letter reached me, my aunt, with whom I x-esided in New Yoi-k, was taken ill, and after a long Illness, during which I could not leave her, she died. Then I came to Eng land, and at once went to Lady Cath- cart, with whom Agatha had left the proofs she had named. I decided, how ever, that it would be wiser to still stronger evidence before laying the; matter befoi-e the police. Thpx you advertised, and I persuaded LadyCath- cart to act as reference, and so\£nable me to come hex-e whex-e I could '-keep my eye on Martin Barron. In orcier to do this successfully, I was obliged-, tb/ disguise myself, and Lady Cathcat£ strongly demurred to this and to mo assuming a false name. However, I managed to convince her that we should not be doing you any actual wrong, in so far that my character— for Which she vouched— was unimpeach able; moreover, while watching Martin I should do my best to be an agreeable companion to you. "The only untruth you were told was with regard to my age, which is thirty- two, not thirty-five; but with my silvery wig I dare not own to less. So far, my opinion that I should gain proof by being on the spot has been verified. Alice's disclosure regaining the presence of that girl in the house strongly confirm Martin's guilt. "I am quite certain she is not old Mr Barron's Illegitimate daughter, for I knew him well, and he was a good hon orable man. Martin takes after his ' mother's family, who were a queer lot. If old Mr Barron knew that Phyllis Blount was a prisoxxer in his house it must have been ah awful trouble to him, and I have very little doubt has shor tened his life. "Whether the girl is Phyllis or not I mean to find out before long. Perhaps you wonder what I have been doing to night, and why I am not disguised? I trill tell you; I want to frighten Martin Barron. To-night and once before he has seen me, and he believes I am the ghost of his first wife. It has alarmed him terribly, and he thinks It is a warning of danger In some form. "This will make him nervous, and a nervous man often betrays himself. Thus before long my evidence may be sti'ong enough to lay before the superiix- tendent of police, and then Martin's punishment will be at hand. Now, Miss Sturt, I have told you all, and you know why I have come here under an assumed name. If you wish it, I will leave the Gables to-morrow, but I will not leave the neighborhood until my task is accomplished." Gi'ace put out her hand and clasped that of her companion. "You must not go. If you have been sailing under false colors, so have I. Did you know that Martin Barron mar- i ried again when he heard that his wife had been killed in Switzerland? Of course, when the report proved unti'ue, the marriage was illegal." Mrs Carruthers bowed her head as she said: "I heard that he had married again; also that when he was really a wid ower and could have atoned for the mis take, he cast the unfortunate lady off and married Alice Sturt, whom he be lieved to be an heiress." "That is quite true, and I am the wo man he cast off," said Grace, quietly; hut tbex-e was a depth of feeling in her tone which told the other woman how keenly she had felt it. "I knew that before I came here, and it made me feel that in bx-inging Martin's crime home to him. I should avenge you as well as myself," said Mrs Carru thers. "How did you discover that I was the woman?" "I employed a detective to trace you. When Agatha wrote to me prior to tak ing that fatal voyage, sixe informed me Of the marriage, and expi-essed bitter regret that the mistake had ax-isen, say ing she felt as though she was fated to bring trouble on people, and regretting that it was out of her. power to help you. She was so poor herself, and felt this all the more be.cause she was certain Martin would leave you to your cwn re sources. iTo be .Continued.). 