THE CRIME OF T H E " ' L I Z A JANE," Published by special arrangemeni with lletsrs. Ward, Lock 4* Bdwien, Ltd. [Ali EIGHTS RESEBVEB,] CHAPTER XXVU. Br FERGUS HUME, Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," " The Dwarfs Chamber," &c.; THE COURSE OF TEUB LOVE. Notwithstanding my anxiety to return to Manxby, I was detained in town fer three days. A aunt, lately deceased, had Left mas few thousands, and I called on my solicitor relative to the disposal ot the money. - He strongly advised me to boy a pnotice, and mettle down; but infected ss I was with the love of reaming, I was disinclined to remain in England. Ultimately X resolved to revert te my eld mode of life, •nd te tills end I invested the legacy so carefully, thst with my original ineome I had now ciloee OQ five hundred a year. Jast •sufficient to see me comfortably round the wsrld as often ai I ohose to go. This matter being settled, I left my lawyer to oaziy out my instructions^ and returned to Manxby forthwith. Before leaving town I saw Trumpet, who informed me that Mrs Tyke had been committed for trial on the charge of obstructing the police In the execution of their duty; and that Captain Jim's ship was dropping down the river for Vera Chz. I was rather astonished at Oils last pieoe of Information, as I had net for- gotten my friend's intimation that he would see me at Manxby. I thought he had fsfled to keep bis werd, and felt a pang that he should so treat one fer whom he had always professed a strong friendship. I had net so many friends that I could afferd to lose one. One of the first persons I saw when I again took np my abode in the Prince's Hotel was Graoe, who met me with an in' jaredalr. " I do call you a nice fellow, Fairfax," he said crossly: " here I've been calling on yon every day thinking you would be baok, and never a sign of yen. I would have telegraphed yon in ttown only I did not know your address." " What is the mutter, Graoe 1" "Oh, the came old thing. Cardell is again engaged to Adelaide." " Clever woman that," said I admiringly, " I knew she would manage it, but I hardly expected the quarrel would In made up so soon. Did Sir Dlgby give you the joyful hews ?'* "Yes; he says Adelaide has explained her visit to Bruce. It appears she went on an errand of mercy—to warn Bruce against the anarchists, so now Cardell thinks she Is an angel." "He'll find out she's the other thing before he's done. And Hiss Cardell!" " Well, naturally she is angry, but all the same I think we will be engaged after alL You see," continued Grace, reddening, "she has found out that Bhe loves me." •'I congratulate you, Graoe," said I heartily t " a marriage of lovs is more likely to be happy than one of convenience. Though all the same, I have no doubt your fiancie Is pleased at the idea of escaping the constant company of Adelaide as a stepmother." " She just la But what about yeur visit to town ? Any news i" "None. It seems to me that I may as well throw bp the sponge. To all appearance the anarchists are responsible for the whale business," " And Adelaide I"* "She has bsen making use af them for the gaining of her own ends. Honestly Bpe&klng;, I do not think she killed Brnoe; but I have no doubt she brought about the committal of the crime. 1 ' " But she went to warn him." " Rubbish 1 my dear fellow," I interrupted ; "that is a pretty story to calm the jealousy of Cardell." We talked for some time on these matters, and I was glad to hear that the course of tine love was for onoe running smoothly. ' I had not seen mnoh of Hay Cardell, and what conversation I had with her did not impress me with the fact that she was extraordinarily clever. Nor was she strikingly beautiful; refined and adstoaratlo, I grant, but che lacked the splendours of Adelaide. The one was a truly beautiful woman; the other merely a pretty gid of the ordinary type. Still I thought she would matoh well with Grace, as he was a simple young fellow not overburdened with brain*. Moreover, he was so deeply in love, that I was glad to think there was a chance of his attaining, as he thought, oomplete happiness " One thing I should like to know," said I, site? Hafa»nipjr to an enthusiastic account of May's perfections, "haw Miss Cardell became aware that Adelaide visited Brnoe ?" " You asked that before, and I could not answer you," replied Graoe, laughing; " but I can now. When Adelaide and Hay cere on the Esplanade one day, Brnoe passed them, and as he did so murmured la Adelaide's ear, ' I must see you at onoe,-' She replied, 'Thursday, at nine o'clock in the evening,' Then Brnoe nodded and passed on, but May overheard the speeches, aad bo ahe guessed that Adelaide knew him." ««Did she tell her father I" "No, Cardell was so deeply In love with Hiss Erskine, that she was afraid to Bay a word against her." "Did Miss Cardell know Brncar She said she did." " By sight only, as ahe oonfeised te me. He was a striking-looking man, you know. Besides, Hay heard of him Indirectly through her maid, who is a friend of Mrs Gib's servant." "It is strange that while Hiss Cardell knew him only as Grainger, she «i»mM speak of him as Brace,"' "You forget," eald Graoe,algnlfioantly, "she overheard the conversation at the dinner table when Mrs Baanlster told the story. The identity of Grainger with Brnoe was then fully established." 'LI £orgot Yes; it eeems all Inteliigible enough." The next morning, having ascertained that Adelaide was still at Manxby, I strolled along the c'JflE to enjoy the view, Intending later to pay a visit to Canute Villa. I had nolonger any ouriosity about the house, as I lmew that it was Msgsey whom Adelaide had kept BO secluded, Now Hagsey, better dresud than usual, went daily dawn to the beach, and hadstruok up an acquaintance With Ben Lira. There was no longer any need for concealment. Nevertheless, out of curiosity, I still desired to see the interior of Casnte Villa, and ao I bent my steps In that direction, coming round in the curve of the cliffs. Here (he ground was oovered with sand, whitish pass, dry ling, and leather, pleasant to foekat,t«lleon. BsJew, the oceanatretehed op to the clear line of the horizon glittering In the bright mm, and several ships were sfaalff'fg at their anchor*. I did net take muohnoteof the sea or (hips, as my thoughts were busy with Adelaide, and I was on the jwtatofreremliig iny walkwhsn Jsaw her come out of her house and advanos towards me. " She wore a kind of yachting costume of white serge, and as she walked forward swinging ber lithe figure, I thought I had never seen so beautiful a oreature. In my heart I half forgave Cardell for his infatuation. She would have conquered a monarch. "Ah 1 yon an back again, Doctor," ahe said, coming np to me with the oolour in her cheeks. 1 expected yon sooner, but I suppose your Important business of finding a mare's nest kept you longer thBn yon expected/' " Wont yeu sit down, Miss Erskine t" said I, taking ro notice of" the joke ;*'the heather is quite dry. Then we can talk more at Our ease." She nedded with a smile, and took her seat on a rounded hnmp, purple with heather. I sat en a similar one opposite to her, and still smiling, she leaned her «Mn on a tall ewe she oarried, and stared at me with marked soom. "So your mother is committed for trial," said I, resolved te take her at a disadvantage. " So she tells me," replied Hiss Eraldne, in no wise disturbed. "Poor mother I Never mind, 111 put that right soen. But that is a -family matter, Doctor, about which we need not talk. Are you still of the opinion that I shall not become Indy Cardell!" "Ho ; Graoe told me that yeu had your puppet dancing again, Poer devil J" " I don't see why yon should pity him, Dcctor. He is going to many me; lam beautiful, I am (Sever, and above all, I am good-natured. Oh, youH aee I'll make the oreature very comfortable 1 Hell have a much better time with me than he had with his first wife," " I'm glad yon think so, Miss Ersktne," was my reply. "I oonfess that I should not like to make the experiment.'' "Ah 1 Well, now that we have oompllmented one another, let us get to business." " Business 1" " Yes ; yon have thrown np the sponge." "Ihave. Captain James Barry and Inspector Trumpet both think that the deaths are due to anarchists, so I have abandoned the case," " Yet sttU remain of the same opinion." " I believe It was yon rather than the anarchists, if that is what you mean." . " That ii what I do mean," ahe said quiokly ; "thank yeu for a painfully plain answer. Well, Doctor, when a ohlli is good we give it sweets. Yon havs been good, and I am going to give you eweets. In etitei wards, to-morrow night yon shall learn thli mystery whioh has perplexed yon ee long." "What de yen mean ?" I cried, starting to my feet. *• What I aay," ahe answered, fells wing my example. " Don't yon understand English! I ahall tell yeu whs killed Brnoe, and how it was dene." " Now!" I said hoarsely, scarcely believing my oars. *' No 1 To-morrow night," "Where!" " In the cabin of yonder ship." She pointed to a barque to the tight, and my eyes - followed her hand. With a start of surprise I thought I recognised the rig of the ship, but I was not sure. Seeing my doubt, -Adelaide beokened to a ooastguardsman who stood come little distance away with his glass nnder his arm. The man, who bad been taking furtive glances at her beauty, came with alacrity, "Lend this gentleman yeu telescope*" said Hiss Erskine, and in another moment I had the end of it to my tight eye. The ship swam into the range of the glass, and I reeegniied her at onoe. It was The Seeker. I knew her too well to be mistaken. The Seeker, and at Manxby 1 Now I knew the meaning of Captain Jim's last words. Meanwhile, Adelaide had dismissed the aoast-guardsman with a gratuity and a smile, and now stood waiting (or me to speak. What 1 did eay was brief, bnt to tiie point. ' "I know the boat. I'll go on board when you will." "GoodJ Meet me at the end of the Esplanade—the old town end—at eight o'clook tomorrow evening. Ben Lun will take us on board." "In the 'Xoco Jane?" I said, with a shudder. > " Why, yes; you are not afraid of ghosts, are you}" she sneered. "Onoe on board, and yon will learn the truth—also what a fool you-have been. I don't think there is anything more to say at present. Goodday, Doctor;" And she walked off smartly, leaving me in a state of stupefaction. CHAPTER XXVm. ON BOABD THE SEEEEB. I was yet to hear more of Miss Erskine before seeing her again, for on the same evening I received a note, —Hug me to return the disguise whioh I had found on the beaoh. "As yeu are a tali man, it can be of no possible use to you," wrote Adelaide, with oharacteristio mookery, " ae yon had better let me have It again. I will net use it as a disguise whereby to perpetrate a murder, so you oan set your imaginative brain at rest. As for the rest, yon must remember that yonr ourioelty is to be satisfied at eight o'olook or thereabout! tomorrow evening. I have no fear of your forgetting the appointment, for you an as curious as a woman, and as weak." So the letter ran on, with its of mookery and spite, and honest reoogpiltien of a worthyfoeman. With regard te the appointment, I had already determined on keeping it, and after some coadderatien I sent back the olothei to Oant£e Villa, They ware of no use as evidence, as, having gradually oome round to Trumpet's way of thinking, I had practically abandoned the case. Yet new that I had surrendered ail hope of learning the truth, it seemed, from Adelaide's words, that I was to be unexpectedly gratified with a solution of the whole mystery. It was therefore little to be wondered that I did not sleep much that night, my brain being full of surmises regarding possible revelations. Sleep and I were strangers till dawn. At daybreak I woke weary and nnrefreshed, so to braoe myself np I went down te the beach for a swim. The chQl of the water did me good, and when I was dressed again I felt much better. On my way np to breakfast I met Ben Lun lounging on the beach. He also "looked as though he had been up all night, and oentrary to his usual manner, he seemed rather to avoid than to seek me. But I was not to be put off in that way, and thinking that he might know something of the matter to whioh Adelaide referred, I aeoosted him forthwith. " Wellj Ben, yen look tired," said I, placing myBeli before him. " I don't feel over-bright, sir, and that^s a fact," admitted Bui cautiously.. " That is rather a pity, a< you have hard work before yen to-night," "You mean a pull to The Seeker, sir! Yes; Miss Erskine engaged the 'Lisa jane tax the evening. You be oomlpg too, Doctor!" " Yes ; Hits Erskine teld yeu so." "Surely; I take you both off at eight o'clock this evening. It's a long pull to that there ship, anyhow," ooncluded Ben, ruefully. "Ah," said I, with sudden intuition, "you have been out to her last night?'' £tn£ush6d,.and stammered, and turned away his head, but being no adept at concealment, at length he admitted that he had rowed Miss .Erskine out on the previous evening. ... - " Now What is that for !" I thought, muoh perplexed. " What devilment Is she np to now? Surely Captain Jim can't have rescued her mother from Trumpet and oarried her down Channel ?" The idea of my friend as a new Paris carrying «ff this elderly Helen amused me greatly, and I laughed, then turned to question Ben further, a mode of procedure whioh. he seemed to resent, " Did you go on board The Seeker, Ben ?" " Yes, sir; for xn hour or so." " Miss Erskine stayed all that time ?" " Yes, sir. She was down in the cabin speaking to the captain.'' "Hum! Did yon see any lady on board !'* 1, 1 No, sir," said Ben, with an uneasy wriggler "I sawnonght bat the sailors," ••When did The Seeker fetch np out yonder, Ben!" 1 1 Yesterday morning at dawn. Doctor.' But I can't waSt'any longer, sir," he added,! being bent on getting away; "yonder is my father a-ballin'." And indeed the ancient was roaring through the hollow of hit hands, at the deor ot tile Bine Anchor. Ben slipped off npUy, and disappeared into l£e public te with id* father; rather te my as-! famishment, I may say, far Ben was not usually so obedient to the eld man. Iooald net understand Us obvious uneasiness, but 1 then Adelslde had-something to do with the matter, and inhere <ahe meddled, mystery thrived. I grew weary of trying to guess what the night might bring forth, and ultimately banished the matter from my head, quite sick of such futile imaginations. Standing on the beaoh, X watched The Seeker rolling in the far distance, and I had half a mind to beard her for the mere pleasure of learning why Captain Jim was not on bis way to Vera Cruz. Perhaps I should have don* so, for the desire grew strong, but that Adelaide came unexpectedly np to me and laid a detaining hand on my arm. She had bsen out fer a swim, and looked as fresh as a rose. " No," my friend," ahe said, guessing my thoughts, *• yeu must not go onboard yet awhile. Possess your soul in patience till eight o'olook to-night. Youll learn all soon enough, I promise you." " Why did yeu go on board last night, Hiss Erekine ?" " Ah, why ! That is part and parcel of the enlightenment ot this evening." " I'll be glad to hear all and be done with the case," I cried with sudden wrath. " I'm sick and tired of the'whole foolishness. 1 " Then why did you undertake it V she questioned with disdain. " Because—because "Becauseyou are as curious as a weman, as I said in my letter." " Ah, yonr letter I Did yon get the olothes ?" '' I did, and I am much obliged to yon for having sent them. But oonfess now," she added lightly, "yon had half a mind 11 keep them ?" " No; honestly speaking, I had not. I have thrown up the ease. Yon may have killed Brnoe, or the staarahlsts may have done so ; 1 dont know, and I don't care." "Pique, my friend, pique. Well, tonight yon shall learn alL" "I think loan gness all at the present moment," Isaldhesitatingly. "Your mother is on board The Seeker." " H"m 1 What an exoellent detective yeu are, Doctor 1" She refused to directly answer my question, and moved away lauding. Imadene effort to detain her, fer she was so enigmatical that I did not know what to make of her. But in a moment or ao she retained, and placed a portrait in my hand. " Do you know Who that is V ahe asked in a low toae. I looked at the noble head, at the fine faoe ot the photograph. Clean-shaven, with firm lips, keen eyes, and large forehead, the picture was that of a haadsome and intelleotmal man. There aeemod to. be a' famWaT look about it aa I gazed, bnt nevertheless I was unable te zeoegnlse it as any one I had seen in the flesh, -and said as mnoh. Adelaide laughed, and enlightened my igneranoe. "It is Cyras Barry," ahe laid quietly. "Cyrus Baity I A handsome faoe, not unlike his brother's. Now I see where the resemblanoe whioh puzsled me •«"* in. So that is Oyrns Barry, orator, penman, socialist, and day-dreamer !" " Yes," she replied, with satirical emphasis, "that Is Cyrus Barry, liar, scoundrel, anarchist, and foeL" " This face gives the lie to all those terms, MhaKnUoa." "A mask,my dear Dootor," said she, taking back the picture; "a fine which hides a bad .nature. Good heavens I to think how that man's brother believed in Mm- The windy scoundrel 1" "Well, well," I cried impatiently, "the man Is dead, let his evil be buried with him." Again she laughed, and took her departure. I saw her dwindle to a mere speak as she went along the Esplanade, then rousing myself from the brown study engendered by the portrait of Captain Jim's. brother, I returned to my hotel and there had break' fast \- Never had the day seemed so long, though I managed to shorten it by sleeping in the afternoon- Hy slumber of the previous night had been a mere farce, so I lay down till five o'olook, and rose much refreshed and ready for the events of the evening. Dressing myself in a warm suit, with a thick pea-jacket, for the evening was cold, after dinner I went down to the Esplanade. Nor did I omit te take revolver with me, for it was not without the bounds ef possibility that the fair Adelaide might place me in a difficult position. I was friendly with Captain Jim, and with Ben Lun, but as I knew well Miss Erskine had a talent for creating trouble. I judged It wise to be ready. Moreover, constant travelling beyond the eenfines of civilisation had accustomed me to feel the derringer in my hip-pocket, and I was uncomfortable without it. Thus prepared for good or evil fortune, I waited the coming of Miss Erskine, who was not yet at the rendezvous. I oonld see Ben Lun on the beach below, standing by his boat in the waning light. A thread of white foam fringed the sands, and beyond the inky flood of waters drew baak to the horizon. Overhead the sky was filled with dying light and ooming shadows, and shadows also were the people flitting on sand and Esplanade nndsr the yellow lamps. The stating roar of the sea, the fitful music of a distant band of itinerant musicians, made the sounds of the scene. It was sbange and beautiful, and taken in connection with the unknown errand on which I was bound, it made a profennd Impression en me. Up oame a smart boy, in blue serge, with a yachting oap. He paused beside me and laughed; I recognised the laugh. It was Adelaide. She was dressed la that famous suit, and well It became her. There was no susplolon of femininity about her. She stood were smiling, a handsome boy, while I, taken by surpHae, gaped at her like a zany. 1 Why did yeu dress like that f I asked, when I recovered my breath, " For oemfort. You surely weuldn't have me swing np the ahlp's side in pettiooats," ahe replied impatiently, " Come ! we are late as it Ib," In allenoe we went down to the beat and |umped in, sitting down in the stern when it dipped Into the water. Ben Lun, np te his knees in the waves, pushed as out, and then clambered aboard to handle the oars. The wind was op, and a salt spray fraahened our faces as the oars dipped nnder and the boat shot oat into the gloom. Not a word did Adelaide speak daring that long journey, but sat silratiy looking at the glittering lights of Manxby, a galaxy of yellow stars In the distance. The boat glided against the black sides of the ship, and here aTone-ladder dipped into the water. Up it climbed Adelaide as active as any sailer, and I followed. In allonce she took my hand when en deck, and led me down-stairs to the well-remem- bered cabin; From the dosr of Captain Jim's berth'a man came ont. I looked at him, I remembered the portrait, and I saw (To it (kmtinued.) —Cyrus Barry 1 