Life In Loudon and There about. (Chronicled by Henry W. Lucy, m the S.Af. Herald). WESTMINSTER, April 24. IT is Mr. Chamberlain's curious but inevitable fate that in whatever direc tion the Tory Cabinet may move, taking him in their company, he is faced by the ghosts of early speeches demonstrating the iniquity of the new departure. The introduction in the House of Commons of a new bill dealing with education, agricultural rating, or any other subject, is the signal for fresh reference to the well-thumbed and now- scarce volume containing the " authorised edition " of his speeches, published in 1885. That epoch was the high-water mark of his Radicalism. He had just delivered th« remarkable serica of speeches throughout the country embodying what was known hs the unauthorised programme. His platform addresses were models of suc cessful speech, burning with passion, aflamp with scorn and hatred of Toryism, whether iu State or Church. But the phrases were keenly, coldly cut, un blurred by haste or anger. Scathing in their denunciation, epigrammatic in their form, tliey became part of political conversation, and to this day linger in the memory. Tn the House of Com mons, on the platform, and in the press, good Liberals attempt to confute on various points the Secretary for the Colonies in Lord Salisbury's third Ad ministration. Out no one can hit the Right Hon Chiunbsi'lain of 189G with such diinurnesis, forcn, mirl effect hk can the "Joe Chuinoeriain" of 1885. Tnii Government bill brought in tliis week, whereby it iB proposed to relieve the Agricultural ratepayer of one half his burden, to be made up out of Im perial taxation, to which the borough ratepayer largely contributes, iB fulfil ment of a desire long cherished by the Conservatives. In 1883 Lord Salisbury betrayed a hankering after this little arrangement, and was straightway swooped down npon by Mr. Cltamhp.r lain. ' T never recollect,' lie told his constituents at Birmingham,' any public man propose in a franker-I might even say in a more audaciouB-manner to rob Peter in order to pay Paul.' To Mr. Chn.mherlu.in of those days the case was made worse by the fact that ' Peter is represented liy the landless millions who have no other wealth than their lahour and their toil, while Pbul is the great landlord who is spekinif to relieve him self of his share of taxation by shifting it on to the shoulders of his less famous fellow countrymen ' The relative posi tions of Peter and Paul to day are pre cisely what they were in 1883. What has changed beyond the scope of maddest nightmare phantasy is the position of Joseph, who to-day finds himself seated at the right band of Lord Salisbury in Cabinet Council, assisting to enact one by one the very measures which when talced of a dozen years ago filled him with righteous indignation. WHAT is amazing is the courage with which Mr. Chamberlain faces this un paralleled position. He never flinches when he hears the crack of the inevit able quotation. It resounded nightly through debate on the Home Rule Bill of 1892. It will be heard again and Again in committee on the Education Bill and the Agricultural Rating Bill. Mr. Chamberlain will sit unperturbed, occasionally smiling as if the lash were falling on somebody else's shoulders, and he from a comfortable seat in the arena were able to enjoy the force and direct ness of the blows. ONE of tin? busiest centres of bustling life in tbe city is No. 3 Gracechurch street, the offices of Colonel North. 'The Nitrate King.' like other grout lamas, is not easy of iippronch by un authorised people. Every morning n crowd may ' e seen filling tho outer office, even blocking up the passage, waiting to get n word with the colonel. Others, having the countersign, pass straight in mid join another ever-shifting throne in the great man's private room. How amid such bustle (not to mention liOBpitable provision of whisky and soda ion draught from 11 o'clock) the colonel manages to keep bis head and transact the colossal strokes of business which have built up nnd still maintain his for tune passes ordinary comprehension. The roomy offices are enclosed in small rooms, something like cubicles. Occa sionally the colonel shuts himself up with n caller in one of these, nnd rapidly discusses and settles right mviiy n busi ness that may involve capital of hun dreds of thousands of pounds. Every thing comes his way, from tho London derry goldmine to a new nitrate field, a new tramway line in Brussels, or some other deal with that eminent commercial authority the King of the Belgians. In a few minutes Colonel North is back again in the larger office, amid tho mov ing mob of big city men, brokers, mer chants, financiers, nnd occasionally pillars of society from the West End, who have business with him. COLONEL Nortli is just now engaged in 'a corner' in camphor, a niero interlude in lurger transactions. Formosa is the country from which the world's stock of camphor used to be principally sup plied. When the war broke out bft tween Japan and China tho production of camphor in Formosa ceased. Japan also grows the camphor tree, but as it takes 100 years to mature it is evident rearrangement of the trade cannot speedily be brought about. Some months ago, in one of those hurried flashes of conversation at his morn ing levees in ttracechurch-street, some one brought the facts under the notice nf the colonel. He, with swift instinct, beheld the pleasing prospect. He formed a little syndicate-he always starts with a syndicate-and began to buy up nil the camphor in the market. It was principally the remainder stock of the Formosa product. New supplies came in from Japan, but they were not equal to the demand. The syndicate were the men in possession, and holding on tight succeeded in a few weeks in sending up the price of camphor 100 per cent. THIS episode recalls the story of the foundation of the fortunes of a gentle man once well known in the House of Commons, still a familiar figure in Lon don society, celebrated for his little din ners. During the American war there WHS 6010 need of quinine in the Con federate cimp. The available stock had been long exhausted, and the army doc tors were in despair. The Amphitryon of to day was at that time something in a small way in the City. Hearing of the opening for quinine in the South, he chartered a swift little steamer, loaded it with tho drag, shipped a venturous crew, ran the blockade at New Orleans, and 6old his quinine almost for its weight in gold Soon after he got into Parlia ment, and so endeared himself to the constituency that they erected u statue to bim, placing it in the. principal thoroughfare of the town. Wags in the House of Commons would have it that the principal contributor to the statue fund was the hon. member himself. But they say all kinds of things in the smoke room of tho House of Commons. Cer tniniy no one grudged the popular mem ? er the delight, another fai'le attributed to him, of wandering out on moonliuht niuhts surveying xitli pardonable pride f his own statue. Mr. TJRCKV cnn t i n nt's to I to a gcxlveiid l«> IliK Putllilini'll!IIr y iNllinilrist. IJi'f1;!''' lie unexpectedly uppe-ni l mi llie ncnnu it had grown flat and unprofitable. Some of the old familiar models had been removed Those still left had lost thn last vestige of novelty. People were tired of Sir William Harcourt's three chins, Mr. Chamberlain's one eyeglass, and Mr. Arthur Balfour's languorous grace. Mr. Lecky is supremely delight ful. His figure, his walk, his gesture, his head too long and his trousers too short, all combine to make him pictur psque. E. T. Reedor or F. C. Gould have only to draw him as he sits or stands, and the EUCCBSB of the caricature is achieved. If his personality were re produced by the latest triumph of photo graphic science, the kinetoscope, the range of human delight would bo inlin itely wider. No artist in black and white, however skilled, could draw the philosopher and historian as I chanced to see him in the lobby of the House of Commons last night, giving a note in charge of the doorkeeper. The sinuous grace with which he approached the humble official, the engaging way in which he dropped his head on one side, the wreathed smile, the almost imper ceptible yet unmistakable gesture of a curtsey as he handed ovor the note, might by good luck be reproduced in the kinetoscope. Otherwise not with full effect. THERE is probably no man who more strikingly illustrates tlie difference be tween lieing well and ill dressed than does the author of ' Democracy and Liberty.' His ordinary attire, with squarely cut, loosely hung coat, shape less trousers juBt covering the ankle, the clumsy boots, and the hat of shape familiar enough 10 years ago, is more or less faithfully reproduced in the carica tures of the day. Once this season-it was on a night he had been dining with the Speaker-I happened to meet Mr. Lecky in levee dress. Among the bril liant throng there was none more distin guished than lie. The semi-military dress excellently became his tall figure, whilst his dome-shaped head, very like one of the >>usts of Shakespeare, was set off with singular beauty. The next day he, doubtless gratefully, donned the old suit, everyone turning round to gaze at the strange 6gure as it lounged through the crowded streets with head in the clouds and feet in quite an unnecessary degree in the mire. Mr. Lecky has not taken part in debate since he astonished the Conservative party, with which lie has ranged himself, by joining in the demand for the release of the Fenian prisoners. 13ut ho is a constant attend ant, and listens to third or fourth rate speakers with a patience that recalls the habits of Mr. Gladstone whilst lie was yet with us in the Commons. 