IS TYPHOID A PREVENTABLE DISEASE? . Any. inftii or woman who has ever .struggled through the 10,12, or 15 weeks' experience of a . determined attack of typhoid fever wiU thiol- (says the English " Hospital") we have placed an exceed ingly important question at the head of this annotation. Can typhoid he pre vented ? "Well, either it can or it cannot; either it isa disease whose canse we know and can deal practically with, or it re mains still one of those mysteries which Baffle science and practice alike. But typhoid is not now a " mystery " to the of science; of that we are sure. It is, on the contrary, a well understood and entirely manageable" and preventable malady. Dr T- E. Hayward, medical officer of health fox Haydock, Lancashire, tells his parish in his annual report not only that it is preventable, but also by what precise and simple means it may bo prevented. "We have had occasion before to express ajrproval of Dr Hayward's in telligence and thoroughness as a medical officer of health, and we commend with confidence his tersely expressed " Prin ciples of Typhoid Prevention," as made public in his report for 1S95. " Typhoid is a preventable disease," says this autho rity. "Itisa diseaseof filth, and especially of the filth of human excrement." That is to be taken as the beginning ox knowledge, the ABC of typhoid prevention, by the unscientific. The next step is equaiiy c-.isy. Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli ; and the bacilli i we find in human excrement, and in i drinking water fouled by such excrement, j It is probable that mi man or woman } ,ever titles typhoid except by swaliuwiug j .some typhoid bacilli. They may be ; swallowed, as we have said, in drinking j water,'or they may bellying about in the j air in the neighborhood of typhoid ex- • "crement, and may be swallowed with I mouthfuls of air. "What, then, is the first i and last commandant of typhoid proven- : tion f " Cleanliness ; personal and public j cleanliness." It is all there. If we keep j ourselves clean : if we keep our drinking i water clean ; if we keep our closets and i our drains, our kitchens, sculleries, gar- I dens, streets, and towns entirely clean, j typhoid will be practically as great a j stranger to most of us as is the ghost of j King .Solomon or the shade of the extinct i Deiuotherium. • 