Ada Ransomed inheritance. BY LAWRENCE FLETCHER. Author of "Into the Unknown : A Romance of South Africa," "Zero the Slaver/' Icc, [¿LL BIGHTS RESERVED.] FOR THE MINEE, CHAFFES XIV. THE SHADOW OF THE DEAD. . When old ánna had once moro retired to her bank I sat myself down by the embers of the dying fire and lit my pipe, being re- solved to wait up until youog Hoskinga . teturnèd from Boscawen, and whilst I sac there I kept turning over in my mind the -remarks made by Tonking in regard to the method of ingress and egress, employed by the Wrecker's gang in the Wile il Hazard mine, and finally, becoming in consequence restless and uncertain, I~did a most in- cautious and foolish thing, for, rising quietly, I left the house, contrary to orders, and walked quickly along the sandy beach, being determined to visit the i and's End once more aid thoroughly ventilate a theory which I had hurriedly put together in my head. That my action was both incautious and ill-timed I was not long in finding out, for I had hardly been away from the house five minute3 when I became conscious that I was being followed and watched by a couple of men, but the uneasiness which I did not fail to experience at first gave way to a certain extent to amusement, when I realised that my two shadowers were acting inde- pendently of ono another, and that, whilst the nearest one was following myself, he was terribly uneasy at finding that in hU turn ho was being closely shadowed by a man in his immediate rear, and I was cot long in making up my mind that this second fellow mint be one of Tonking's mea, who had been left on duty by the ¿m°rican, in j view of jus*-- such * possibility, when he left me for the night. ! On reaching the shelter of the rocks which lie strewn upon the beach ju3t round the entrance to the narrow winding footway which cuts the clift like« ribbon and leads up to. the Land'a End, I at once threw .myself down behind a huge boulder, and when the spy shortly afterwards crept along with cautious, catlike tread I sprang out upon the fellow and pinned his arms to bb side. Ho struggled violently, but 1 was too strong for him, and soon had him down, and fairly sat on him to ker p him quiet, and then placing tho cold rim of my pistol to bb forehead, and telling my captive sternly that at the very first sound he made I would blow his brains out, I made the man get up and return the way he had corns, whilst 1 walked by his tide with the mmzls of my weapon pointed threaten- ingly at his ear, as a gen'le admonition likely to exact; unfailing obedience. A hundred yards further back we came across thc third night-walker, and as I at once passed him on. a sign Tonking had given mo, the fellow caine straight up to us, and, pulling out a brace of handcuffs, quickly had my captive safe aud som d, and then, without speaking a single word, he walked my captive off as coolly and skilfully us a policeman to the manner boin could have done the trick. After this, not being contented I suppose with one in&ervention; of Providence ou my behalf, I must needs tempt fate further still, so once-ngain turning my back upon the cove, I resumed my devious way to the Land's End,, which I safely reached without further misadvenlr.ro. Lying on the very verge of the beetling cliffs, just where they fuco towards the ~Longship3 Rocks, I watched the wator beneath me with very close atten- tion. The night was quiet and windless, and tho gliding rollers looked smooth and oily in the sickly light of the wintry moon ; then all of a sudden a thick cloud swept up and veiled tho light, and I became conscious of a movement in the darksome void im- mediately below my position ; eagerly I listened, and augrily I gi/ed np at tho moon, but it was no use fretting and fuming, for the cloud upon her face was floating laz ly along in the almost pulsulcsï air, and when about fivu minutes Utcr tho sky again became cl<ar, there was neither sight nor sound beyond chat born of thc water, with Ua.^ s'uggieh movements and the hoarso whispers which it sent from rock to rock as it soughed aod sighed against the lofty cliffs. For another hour I watched and waited on tho tip-too of expectation, but nothing oc- curred, and I at lost betook mvaolf home .warda, mo3t unreasonably disgusted ai my want of success, and in a particularly sleepy frame of mind, being, nevertheless, quito "wide, enough awake to t*l:o uncommonly good caro that io prowling 8]>y of the enemy should play off upon myself the trick I had treated them to earlier in the evening. When I again arrived at Anna's cabin her son had not turned np, but before T had been long in,tho houso tho Iud put in his tardy appearance, grumbling about '.ha way in which he had been followed, the extra ground hu had had to cover in order to gain his po:nt without letting his pursuors shadow him hcrmo and fiud out who and what ho was,"and thus have reason to SUÏ peût his old mother. The yonngater'a qnick eye at once noted the faot of the broken window, and he was jubilant when I explained mattera to him. But after I bad described the dead spy I got a atartler in my turn, for the boy solemnly assured me that less than an hour back he 'iad/ueen this very man, Trovethick -by ? nan*e» le*vo the drying shed at ¡the mine ' heäd and proceed underground with the nightshift., I, ot course, laughed at young Bob, and told him we had simply mistaken our man, but he on his part seemed frightened and uneasy, and said it was no uso killing the gang off if they wero going io turn into ghosts and carry on tho same as ever. See- ing, however, that I wa3 inclined to ridicule his view on the subject, tho lad finally said good-night, and we departed to our re- jective beds, and were both of us sound asleep in a particularly short space of time. And now I como to one of tho strangest parts of the whole of this strange affair; and from this time forward I seem to have been under some guidance apart from tho personality of my own will-power, for as soon as I slept I bogan to dream in a most singular fashion. First I seemed to seo my dear old father, swathed in his grave clothes, looking aa last I saw him look. He scorned to bo standing in the moonlight, and it was thc cold, dark shadow of the dead which, falling chill athwart my sleeping face that seemed to wake my senses even whilst I slumbered on. The presence beckored me to rife and follow on, and soon I realised that in obeying I had myself entered a spiritual state, and was now descending the shaft of the mine. I tried to touch my father, but I seemed helpless to cross the dark asd feat some shadow which ever lay between us. Another moment and I emerged into light, and, to my intense joy, I saw my Ada sleep- ing quietly in a tiny chamber in the miue. Everything around was white ; walls, floors, and roof were all of dazzling purity, the white chalk giving out blinding prismatic reflections from some vast globe of strange fire which illuminated the mine on every hand, and turned the darkness of tho under- ground into tho brightness of the sun at noon. My poor little girl's face was wot with ; tears, and she looked so thin and wan and pitiful that Un voluntarily stretched out my arms to her with an inarticulate cry of sorrow and of love. Ada moved in her sleep as she seemed to hear me, and a §weet ¡¡mile broke up tho stony horror which was frozen ia her face, but the shadow cf the dead lay between us like a tangible thing, and I might not pass it to go to her nor might my darling cross it to come to me. I struggled in my dream. Gods ! how I strove to r;,aca ber, and then at once ths words of my yow of vengeance swept up before me on the flood tide of memory as it were, and I realised that until my hand was free from that, and my great oath wa3 accomplished, I must ever carry thi3 load upon my very soul. Turning, I then seemed to see the Wrecker himself watching me wilh a cruel, sneering smile ; and with one wild shout of joy I went at my foe like the breath of the storm. But it might not be, for still the shadow fell across my path, and try as I might I could not pass it. Then in a flash the light went out, and I woke to find myself trembling from head to fcot, whilst young Bob was standing by me, asking anxiously if anything was wrong and why I had called to him. I reassured th« lad by telling him that I had been dreaming, and then by mutual consent we nude up thc fire and sat silently tiil the dawn broke, when I again turned in and slept for hours as peace- fully as a child whose task is done. When I was once again aroused by young Bob it was just after mid-day, and I was knocked wide awake at the very outset by the as- tounding news that Toaking, the revenue officer, our new ally of the night before, had been spirited away-by the Wrecker it was supposed-and that this latest act, attributed as it universally was to the ac1 ion of the mysterious personage I had just named, had nevertheless created a wide- spread feeling of alarm and indignation in the district, and had, moreover, had the undesirable effect of placing me per- sonally in a very awkward predicament. Forrest, it appeared, had net failed to inform the constables that his new colleague had parted from him at a late hour on the previous evening, and that he had shortly afterwards been seen walking in the direc- tion of Sennen Cove, in company with a strange seaman, and the natural outcome of this gratuitous piece of information was that the two functionaries mentioned had made a domiciliary visit to my location, and were now waiting on the tip-top of expecta- tion cager to examine me, and were of course simply bubbling over with the con- scious pride of officious dignity, "clothed in a little brief authority," and I, who could have satisfied the fellows wijh one single word, delivered ex propria persona, muit needs face them boldly, and aeting op to the disguise of a humble sailor man submit meekly to a most ridiculous and incju'sitcus crots-examination at the hands of this brilliant local tiknt. Fortunately for my- self, before the precious pair had had either time or opportunity to penetrate my flimsy disguise, t was relieved by (lie arrival of one of Tonking's bodyguard-the very man, in fact, to whom I had entrusted my crest- fallen captive of the preceding night ; and as this individual in a cirelcs3 and off-hand manner assured the constables, with both of whom he was intimate, thit he personally had parted with Tonking cloie to th« shaft of the Wheal Hazard mine a good hour subsequent to the time at which I myself had been seen in company with the missing man, he soon succeeded in almost wholly removing from their minds the suspicions they had evidently entertained with regard to myself and my actions, and finally lured them both away with him oo some wild goose chase or oilier, a? Í coull easily tell by the laughing-di'vil which lurked ii the corner of the fcllow'3 eyo as ho took himself off in their comp>ny, on an important mission which I shrewdly gues3od would terminate in ths nearest alehouse. When the trio ha I got hut a few roda away from the ca'ÚD, however, thU f How turned back, as moved by an afterthought, calling out that h? wanted a light for his pipe, and pulling out a (¡crap of crumpled paper from his pocket ho coolly twisted it up and lighted it at thc fire, birely touched the bowl of his pipe, which I was quite sharp enough to note was already agl-w, end then stamping on tho paper to put out the flame he shot me one brief but expres- sive glance from under h¡3 half-closed lids, and with a familiar nod of his head quickly rejoined tho, constables, who were standing by the door meanwhile, and indolently watching his actions inside thc room. I sauntered out to the gate and said " good dxy" to i IK m ; and standing there I watched the party walk away, smo'ung myself the while, but as soon as they were at what I deemed to be a tolerably safe distança from the house I bhot inside, pounced npon the paper like a cat npon a moose, aud eagerly sp:ead it out. And this is what I read pencilled across the uuburnt corner, in a firm, upright hand : - " Thc dead spy lives again in me. Have gone to join S. S. Wait." ? I conned these few worJs over and ovor again, whilst thinking the matter on1;. Nf xt relighting the paper in my turn, I watched it until every fragment was reduced to ashes, and then retreating to my own room once moro I sa« down to cJU >uler thia new and latest aspect of affaira. lu a flash I saw what Tocking had done »nd why the fellow had dene it, and having regard to all the facts of the case I could uot but cousiiler that ha had acted both wt'll and wisely, besides admitting to myself that he had shown sterling pluck in fleing the minc ulone. The mystery of the dead spy Trevethiek, whom Hob Hoskings Bad seeu rcîurrec'ed and in the very act of going down tho shaft, wa3 no longer a mystery to me. as it was clear from Ton king's note that he himself hoped to per- sonate the dece¡'v:d scoundrel with more or lesi succès», and my main feeling was one of gen nine envy that the American's active mind had Stized upon, and had'actually executed this bright idea before the practicability of following such a course had even o::curr<i 1 to myself. Had it done so, I angrily refitted, I might now be in his place, and close at hand to help my little girl in case tho need arose, ns it might do at any moment of the day or night. Then, .again, I was unspeakably annoyed at tho conduct of that wretched sneak Forrest, who, knowingly or otherwise, had fairly given mo away. A nico position I was in now : a pretty mes3 I had made of tho affair from beginning to end. Hero was I put in a placo which I can only adequately describió as "nauseous." Put there, I say, by tho astute Stevens fol* a very special purpose, and to lio particularly well hid ; und yet, before I had been at my post four days, I found myself, owing either to mismanagement or misfortune, or to both, suspected by my friends, closely shadowed bj my worst enomics, and under the very strictest snrveillonco of his Majestey's officers of tho law and order ; and what my clevor colleague would think of it all and what ho would say to mo himself I waa really ashamed to imagine, and the result of all thÍ3 was a growiug feeling of intense disgust with my present surround- ings, which were neither safe nor sweet. Tonking had said, " Wait 1" 'J hat, of course, was all very well for him, whose only thought, perhaps, was how ho could catch the Wrecker dead or alive, and get tho drop cn Stevens, who had clearly had him at a dis- advantage on more than ono occasion in his lifo. This eternal waiting çame was all very well, I say, for him, but for myself, yearning as I was lo see my poor Ada and to release her from her abominable and dangerous captivity, further delay had now become a moral impossibility ; a-d so I at once set to, casting about perversely in my mind for some clever way in which I might get on the blind side of these astute gentle- men, both friends and foes, and introduce my own particular person safely and surrep- titiously iuto the mine, and into the com- pany of Ada Ransome. Of Dawson, Bunt, and Company I had seen nothing since tho day of my arrival, and in my then existing frame of mind, excited and fearfully over- wrought as I certainly mint have been, I most ungerously accused them, mentally, of sitting drinking old Sir Harry's tawny port and eating his sirloin, and lulling the fino old fellow's hopes and fears, with perhaps unintentional misrepresentations cf the position of affairs ; and thia whilst the Srestf dci-ad. gamo of life or death for my uarling waa being played ont by utter strangers in tho heart of the earth or fathoms 'neath tho sea. There is, there has boen, from all time, ono grand and only way of deciding inde- cision, and that way I was presently reduced to take. The sp"n cf a coin shortly settled my fate and that of many a man and woman in Cornwall, as such an act has done many a thousahd time3 in tho world's history, and will yet do many a thousand times again. Chance is the grand arbiter in human destiny, and I know that I foolishly regarded it as an excellent omen when the head of good King George decided the matter out of hand, and booked me for one of the most desperato and forlorn hopes that has ever fallen to the lot of misguided and mortal man. Had I once paused to calculate the chances of sucoess I should never have acted as I subsequently did ; but, as I have already said, I was proceeding either under the mysterious promptings of my dead father's shadow, or, if the expression Buits you better, was perhaps just a trifle off my head from the date of the dream I have re- counted until the final end of thc desperate game we had to play. When once my resolution was taken, however, I never allowed myself to give tho matter a second thought, and beyond sitting down to write a curt note to Dawson, and enclosing to bim my will, drawn for the benefit of Ada Ransome, or failing her re laase from captivity, leaving my entire pro- perty, inherited from my father, which was considerable, to my only friend, Lieutenant Hawkins, of H. M. Marine. This done, I carefully examined my pistols, for I knew that my lifo might be forfeited by the snap- ping of a flint ; then I demolished my tea, cheerfully lighted my pipe, and the moment the night was fairly dark I set out by the o'd familiar lanes for Wheal Hazard, and entered thc grounds by 9 o'clock without, so far as I was at all able to judge, having provoked thc watchfulness of any one of the various parties who seemed disposed lo take such a kindly interest in my pereonal welfare, Well knowing the ins and outs of my old home, you may guess that it did not tak« me very long to effect an entrance into th« premises ; and, having first tatiaiied myselj that the building was wholly unoccupied, ] ascended to my own room, tilted thc movable hearthstone, and, with one bric! and silsnt, but nevertheless fervent, prayci for success in my mission, I at onei descended the latter and vanished from th: outside world. (To bo continued to-morrow.) 