bicycle ride for life. . 1 to break tho reoord, aa the slang Inlenaea difficult matter, Irefleoted, '"""'plnadian winter reeord on thnbloyole fir »i a can POi however, required i concarn y t|mt , )ltt(l the long riae in ,!?te(l>re rae and Imnat reaorvo myself for >' i""fciu"e'uvel 'at laat, and I .knew I Ihidcro. i|_hfc WBa bright enough to "f 1 Vim. but I decided to wait till I entered 'f I L 'it was no longer quite ao easy to I .1 1 Mwele UP to aneod. There waa mora 'P p n iircEaurQ on tba pedal.., a little more "X Is «i.e of the leg.. I aid. t irlnml, Yes, I bad already made a rue VKny to""' »l0P fit .IMP enough greatly to. reduce my j Ai I went I glanced from siue to side— !? «. conscious of the oppressive solitude of i!..fbutinvnaco was not reUidcd for ft II On.of'tfie sleighing party had been S '0 wolves. The winter, it seemed, ' ton an early one, and it certainly I teen severe. The wolves, he hail i Ind beeu allowing ' in , packs not to the north. There was not a , but the low oriup orunoh of the snow l.rlhe wheels ot my machine, and oven that Id hushed nnd distant. Yet wllat waa iMVn. " or 11,11 1 "esr something !ill piirclng, yet faint, in the far diitanoo on rri'eht hand? Surely tliore w»s something— ,3 on|y the wail of a distant guat of wind noise through tho forest pines ! I bent over , bicTclo and conocntrateil my energies upon lot the long ascent. There it waa again 1 It no wail of the northern wind— no swaying the frozen forest. It waa the ory of a living l„ it was nature's aavago complaint against nines of hunger ! On ami on wo llew. Thero was not a breath wind to atir the lightest snowflako on tho ten- Kit spray, y«t my hair was thrown back from . brow, where great drops of porspiration now Ibend and began to trickle down my face, i sod on ! without a thought but that of pres- g forward, without a hope but that of raaoh- rite descent of tho slope, and the edge of the rut. And as I went I knew tlinti I was fol- ml. From tho dim aroadoa on my right oamo n time to time a short, gasping howl, out irtlnthe moment of utterance by tho exer- o! of the chase. They had seen me, and now t; were in full cry. It wna a race for hare e. f leant forward, and threw every energy I netted into tho ona elfort to press on. The ici flitted past me like ghosts. The long hang- boughs nearly brushed my fnoo as I swept it. 'i'lte cold eir blew ill my face and catried to the heavy fur of my coat behind me ns I -bed through tho night. And yot my rsuera did not loss ground. On tho strary, tiny were gaining. Not quickly, t with a rush ; hut alowiy, foot by it, with a e.rtainly that waa deadly ; tb a monotony that was ghastly beyond pref.ion, I clenched my teetli Willi fierco tuminstinn, I kept my eyes fixed on the e of light that aiietched on and on in front, if it would never end ! lire strain was telling on mo now. Thero was rild buzzing in my head, there wns a .weary ling growing ill my limbs, tlicra was a quiring aanaa of the usclaaaneaa ' of effort swing stronger in my mind. At any rate it now that for the first time I saw aomatliing toy savage pursuers. There was a shadow on r right— only a shadow, but no longer the idow of a tree or branch. It was a lisad — a ig sharp muzzle— the mouth open, Ilia lower i hanging, the ears ereot ! It crept on. tils by little it gained on me — an h— only an inch at a time," bnt always' an tb more 1 This shadow became a horror to me. list ! The long straight road made n curve to i right. Not a sharp curve, -but enough to bg'me to olosnr' quarters with my untiring near. In a moment as I pressed upon tlia sdles and followed the sweep of tho rond lie upon me. In a moment tho shadow had in plies to thesubstsnoc — with a long panting, uling growl a huge wolf was by my side, i was old, for I could see that his hair was if si It showsd in the moonlight. His huge 10th was wido open, showing a row of for- osble fangs, and ids long, red tongue hung er bis slsrering jaws. ' Two eyes that glowed , ,co?'a S'eamed from beneath the thickly iltcd hiir that hung over hid face. -Thero was ook of exhaustion about him that for the mint increased the horror of his appearance, voluntarily I swerved as lie sprung, and his at jaws cams together with a snap not an a from my knee. His leap had eost him nething in speed, and he fell back quite half ptd before ho recovered. The sight of him o done me good. The horror of liia look was mange from the gathering horror of his pur ee shadow, and tho ehanga nrouBeil mo. 'hind went instlnotlvely to the handle of »i revolver. The familiar touch seemed to 1 drew it from my bolt. I UM it In my hand ao as to grow acaustomcd ,.i . ar,d "h 'urn in my scat, nnd yet I stir 4 "i® grizzled leader of the Boiinsibly I slackened my pnoo for a second I o j insensibly the hugs head crept up once g;e lo my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in t, ?, lny fot I Onoc more ho was gathering F, " '"Stiller for a spring. Onco more liis |„, '"'ugly cyos were turning towards | i ho kept up ids long leaping gallop. It wns P moment. Quick ns thought I fired. Tho i i , , '""'.-"nick hiin, I think, on tho r.,' l0r,wrth one fierco snarl, that seemed > hi i!la.m' '""appointment and terror all ill Im«. i ,ovor 'n " 'leJP almost against tho luisfntu i Bly "ioynlo. There was a Lb n m,c- Onoo more I turned to the fi„ ' .._nc' mJ.r® 1 concentrated every energy Lnti..! uistanoo between myself and my it « Il,".purau-C::- T'1® welcome respite was Li: '/ on c..; Sly head swam dizzily with my lieo J."'5' "rain reoled with tile long and nrvimi .'iCnt,! my "ml)a grow numb and t.'„r desperate etrniu. Tiiank God I L 1. i . nwatd fllPo- Thank God! lo ,i. l ' a prospeot of esoape. lb»u«t«3C '?ad6 itBolf fiulokly felt. Iriktnt i) M , ''"d "eBn> 1 oouldn't lirtabni. "Jl and I must havo been L,,i , l ' "awn tho long smooth slopo wo K. I tnni7 V a,c '"at waa momentarily inoraas- IrefiZLi onoo more. Tho wolvos Painted i" "i ' ,ut "loy ' wore growing Wbi- r 1 Slanood at tlio.nscenb beyond the Ibliul'm. "Janaed at tho laboring pursuers PJ"! I .Zrf aauld do it still ! I dashed at the lint'over i? ""'""".and now the nsoont began, fertrt it.otL'0 ) o e' 1 forced my weary limbs rds Ihn . c"i00 lnorB- For fully a hundred |iterril,iJSCellt waa.a'eep, and the exertion with a,„i'. , owor and slower I scorned to Irn mv f„L mc?t' 'r" perspiration poured oped in in, iTX nnd anltloa burned as if pnod t|,, ' ,Prc' 1 olsnohod my toeth and WM'S "3,iE for "arc life, and at "ear tho '"® wheol I aoomod to myself r h>t I did it 'i8 woU'' "oltind mo. PMaml t««i j . ,0 top o£ tho slope I h" white on ii me. Tho moonlight "e Brey loader as he bounded T'? l" bridKci 'wo others followed him the road Not 8fat1lcred be"i»d '"am ou loo roau. Not one had as yet abandoned enrcT '"r'r0 haJ yet „p hopof the prey. I drew my revolver from mv belt barrel for a moment on "'.anhmc. As tho leader nenrcd Mm xvin ga 1 turned and fired. I hit and'f elU hf t . i hc B|>rllnf! into the air and fell half aoross the parapet, then ho turned over nnd I oould see his body glaneo whitely as he plunged into tho river below. Uxhaustcd ns I was, I found that I could inako an effort still. I oould hoar nothing of the wolves, but yet for aught I knew they might ha following still. Imagination supplied tho place of my dulled senses, and I could fancy I heard thei/paS behind mo— I could even imagina the sharp scuffling of their feet on tho snow. Suddenly a broad alroam of light fell ocroBi the road. There was a sound of voices which sounded strangely far away; there were tho figurss of men, though they looked like the men we see in dreams. My hioyclo swept on, but I could no longer control it. Everything swam before my eyas, my lunhs refused to move any Ioncor— I felt that I was fallinc — Fnlitm. — an.l v caught in Dr. Jackson's strong arms.— Scribncr'i ilayannc. 