[?] [?] a»VntQHTri niii umtiooTT'coMMHr. an»- ; . 'MiSUSHRD IVanOUi AMKAMQlMINT Wim THaU. . - - -i- fCauU'nned.J- . . tag, though - of eorirso' you brid.no Idea ; of tho irhlotly cffcct it would li:ivo.- Diit yon nover tdld mri bow you rcacliod'; ; that bulcopy." ' . . , ' ' ' yEiisuy enough/ doctor.' 1 simrilytc'okq: n ligiit ropo mid grapiillng hook 'from ; tbo ftrobouso, climbed tip tho tear porch!;. : at-tlie. end nwriy from wlicro,.Katblb6n ' rind Mniphy.wcrij; 'went along tlio couth . : tlopo of- tbo umiuraof to tlio oblmubyji ; sltiug tho rb'pn ubout U.nnd lowerod thyjx ; solf gerihyito.jtbo lulcoriy, thori tlirjoxw-';: olt iny oTercririt'ririd stood nt tbo.opan window. , .Hbe rbrid 'gouo, and I thought . I was too late, but cntcliing tight of alio t ; vory 'iplctrirwboso rotrirn bIio had do7 ; branded nrid .wlilcb I bad sworn to baTO ' ngatu ns well as to boo l-.cr, I wns jnat en- , torlng when I, henrd. lier stop upon . tho . itulrs. I did riot rioo hoi". Idonotoccbow It was possiblo forhor toccoiuc; yottbero triiDO that scranm bf terror, uud tbo fall, and thon tbo rush. It nil llnsbcd.ovcr . mo iu nn inntant tliat I lmd boon guilty : of a mnd brninod pr.nl!;— that it would never do to iks cnught tliorc; it could novcr bo oxplainud. ! I was up on tbo roof in n second, shritcbo'd aivny t'aobook ' rind. ropo, crouched down to tlio back pprcliV -wotted ri nipmont for .Murphy, ondjjntlilccn to run iustdo. tlicn slid to tho' gronnd, bid tho ropo nndcr tbo wood- pilo in tbo dhrli collar, squcozcil through a gap in tho fcnco into tbo captain's yard noxt door— they woro nil over at; tho Hnriletts' --then donnod my overcoat arid joined tlio mon running up from tho laundresses' quarters; Lata nt night, as tho sontry told Captain Kolfo,I went back, ostensibly to got my pipe, arid' re covered -,bo rope and - book. 1 That waa all " ". . Holder ponders a moment: "My v ifo lias told mo what she know ' of yomr Interview 'with "Mr. Gutbrio after peer Jack's doath; but Miss Gutb rio would never speak of ; what passed botwonn borsolf arid ybuil," On tbo polo, closr, crit w.oo tho lines of carc ai' t rorrovv undprivatlon soem to. deepen. Tbo.rihadows derkan about tbo mounifrl oyes.: "I euppose I should never lrivo blamed hor as I did," be auswnrs, "but! was msd wltli grief ovbr Jack, with helpless, hopeless indigna tion over Poroival's , accusation: and then, of all. others, 'vto havo her turn against mo ris cbe did— that was tbo bit- torcst c<ipl . Her fatlior's . Inflnenco in her overwrought condition was what did it, I suppose; bnt;sbe drovo mo from her sight as though I were indeed a felon, demanded tho roturn of overy lino and trinket sho had over given mo —oven that prized littlo carto do vislto I hail carried about mo for a year. It was then, when sho doolafe'd she would novor look upon my fnco ngatn, that I wont wild with misery, or despair, Isnp- poso. I swore that sooner or later she uhould sea mo, and that befora I died uur uuburu wuaiu uu luwuvru iu iu old placo, and then I loft lier.-fod . knows, tUo experiences of the yeais.tMat' followed might havo knocked the ro- mantio nensonso out of nny man. My poor sister seemed to bo tbo only ono .who had any faith left in me. I wan dered nl' over the west ns Ralph Erroll, lninins- -«kio'g like n 4og " m mo bills when rirewster curao 'to my aid. I couldn't te.ko hiu money without tolling him eomothinc of my story, but I gnvo no names. Ho doesn't know today , any thing nlnnt tho old trouble — doesn't dreum tk ut I10 well knows the people who w (<a onco my most ;cl:orished friends. It wns through him I enlisted, nnd within thrco months a minollind located and yet couldn't sell for a dol lar began to pay. By tiio timo wo reached Fnwneo my half interest in it proved worth nil my yc-nrs of toil. Then I thought to too lior again— tool; ray fur lough nt die very iiiuo hor father was west trying to find mo and undo tho wrong lie had done, and— you know the rest. She wss here, and I returned only -to learn (hat slio was about to leave and tbat Captain Rolfo was her accepted lever. Bearded, nged, uni- as I was, I believed slio would ' not i..-."w -no even if wo were to meet face (0 fit; cm! believing, more, tbat no vestigo ejf the regard cho onco felt for mo remained, lH-Ji. ving, too, that sl.ic w.-.z to inr.riyCapir.1n Rulfe, I was bit ter, brutal, mail enough to etrivo tc ennyout my vow. Twico -Iliad seen her 011 tlint balcony on the moonlit OYon- lngn, and I determined that the night of her departure slio should sec mo for tho last tiiae. You know tho rest. I-slinved clean, co as to look ns much as possiblo ne I did in Ibo old days, woro my civil ian dress nuel— nearly hilled her." "It was n fearfr.l experiment," snys Iiolden gravely. "About tho maddest thing you ccnld have done." "I was mad, doctor, when I hoard oho wcato marry him. God knows'-I have realized it daily, hourly, over since.- And yet, liow could Bhb havo, seen me? She never reached tho doOr.'l' "Simplcat thing in tbo world. '.(-Noth ing but the old principle In optica— tho angle of incidence and the 'anglo of ro- Cection. That ir.irror over tho toilet table did tho job. I eaw you:, in tho moonlight nt the balceuiy window wlion you couldn't eeo mo In tho dark hall, and neither of no eonld havo seen tho other had tho mirror been I1W.-1V. Nov; hero's Mr. Guthrie. Mind you, you'vo got to mako ir.-.-.-mlu for that harobrriiried pcr- formauco at Pawnee; so no! word "of ro- proach to him. Ho's old arid 'broken." Thrco minutes inter tho clerk has re tired, oflor uokbiing' Holdcn and his friend ilr.u tlio privato ofilco. . Tho in stant the latch has clicked a gray haired, sorrow stricken ml a, tears standing in his fading eyes, 1 inuds quivering nnd trembling, toUcra, forward and ' might havo fallen but for tho strong arms that cutcli and clasp hit 1. "My bcy'a frieriil my boy's friend-- whom 1 io TvroiiJ:edr ho faltero, and tlion for t.whilo tlioro la soloxnn fllloDco. "Is Mr. P<ircivdr/i confession cbroplotoj and lmvo you seoq it? oshs EBIs gently. "I havo, my boy, at last? f v' :. "And it cleawwb, "Utterlv and ehtirely/tho old; Won crlen. UI thank piyiGodlvaa wrong-- I waa wroagl" " Ono eceno moroA Pawneo ajnln .Tlio niht train liaa coirioifroin . tko eaflt. ' ' -''.-'"" v". . - \ V -Y r \\- Colden'11 carriagals at tho rtatiqn, and . loisBreVotor, y"1 t 1 1 ;.- A11 WghtHrill nrrarigcdrwMiipom , . . . tho doctor, as lio oprmgs frequtho eta,- < < and grasps tho lioutcnaqt's hand..;-Y- - - q. "All right!'- 'Kcnyon'o just left hirii, answers' Curly, and thcn lraaloo himself - lifting .'the 'merry! eliildron from jtlio- step,. welcoming .. Mrs. Holdoucattd care fully assisting. Nita Gutbrio to tho plat form. t ;; ; "Yon happy, followl" sho munnnra. i"How can I congratnlato yon? . -It's an--. ' nonnccd, is lit not?' And for n ihomcnt . slip soonis, dcsjitto .pallor and -fatlgno, the old buoyant, radiant Nlta.' . > i'| Announced?!'; onsworu .Gnrly, '/My i mother- in-law elect— God bless ; hor— /(ays my face announced - it ' before that - ; elovator could roaclvtha lower floor,','', Vytnioy drive rapidly up tho wlndlng' rbad, nnil, thouglr plainly norvons 'and . foxcited,.tho fiur - guest novor loses-- her : presence of. mind, bho lias, something! : appreciative to say us tlioy pass each fa miliar objoot— tho lowor gato, where tho -. i spruco eontry stands at a -carry in so-- late;, tho gunrdhonso, whero-tho relief .Is just farming: tho broad west gate; the - 'brightly lighted barraeksacross tho pa- xadc; tlio group of trnmpoters in the tnoonlight ont under the tall, glistening ; flagstaff. ; Then como tfio rush of Mur-. - phy and Kathleen to open tho door and -assist thorn :to alight; the rapturous greeting between tho children and thoir ; Hibernian friends; tho frngranco of oof- . fbp floating in from- tho leitohon; the 'hickory logs snapping and sparkling in- tho lireplaco; tho old familiar rooms; . tho swinging lamp in tho linlL : ; fWolcomo -to. Fawn eo oncp -raoro, . Nita," says Holdcn, clasping both., hor hands. "Wo'vo lind onongh of palo cheeks and drooping spirits. Wo've brought you hero to recall tho l-osce— to win you back to joy and health, and to your own old room, Nita. Now will vou proinlso : not to faint this timo, no matter what spooks yon see?" , She is trombllng violently. Sho looks Into his booming faco with eager, ques tioning, imploring oyos. "Come, door," wMspore Mrs. Holdon. . "I'm going up with you." , ' Tho doctor summons tho children into tlio dining room to seo the lovely 'flowers on tho tablo. Mrs. Holdcn twines hor arm about hor cousin's waist, nnd up tho stair thoy slowly go.; Nita trembles more and more. ' They ore within a few steps . of tho landing, and as thoy. como in sight pf tho open door Nita . shrinks closer to . hor cousin's Bide. Threo steps more and in tho dark chamber there gleams that silvery shield of mirror botweon the dim . whito 'curtains, reflecting tbo dazzling moonlight from without. Thoy reach the : landing and Miss Guthrio pauses, breath less, unnorved. Sho can go no farthcr, t '"Nita, it was no ghost you saw," whis pers Mrs. Holdon. "Shall I call him?" . Ono instant tho bluo' oyos dilate, wild with hope, incredulity, joy nnd fear, all intermingled. Then thoro is tho sound of a quick, springing stop along the hall, A tall, dark hatred, dark cyad soldior fairly leaps toward them. Nita tarns quickly at tho sound, and thon with out stretched arms throws horaolf forward to meet him. -No terror, no anguish now, bat, as sho is clasped to bis hoart, joy nnntterablo in bor stifled cry, in the ono word— "Haroldl" the end. 