O ' B r i e n ' s U h o z i'i:3. O'wi ten ,-,-,,.. j, r0.,.-]., [ re--;; ( f r, "... I-'*C IE'N.-E IN f'eo Yo-.canuc SUBURB <Jari;o:>. M th.. time i sj.yuk ct she \ it i'.'',i!i-v lif !•-;;.; woJ'j.iiX. T:!E lade ;,•'... , 1 ;',.;, had 1 c-ne morning following :i ract with liid bend jan.mcd in .1 Sow it got f So far, lmwcv,.,-, a;; , corned t hi;: did not i nnd ]c,U'|a ; e.s, er. found meet :ni> a water no viiliMieo showed. 0 i ien was eonr. To all intents Mick \v;i,3 the man found in tho waicr whose head i main. It is (ti'.c that liis cl»s.iic vinigc—of (rue Tinperary type, luul suficrcd sotnc tlanmgo, :md was not rca.lily lvco^nmble. I hit tho clothes wcro her Click's. ]iia wa'.oh was miasing, but lliero wixs his initials on the tail of his shirt, and what more waa Heeded. Tiion there was an exceptional corn on the little too of liis right loot to which tho widow SWO'I'P. " Sure—Clod be with him," she sobbed to Hi : coroner, " haven't I pared that sa mo co'n .score's of times. Oh whirra, wl-.i.-T- ! no.' poor darlin', he'll never want :;t cie ii isired again," \",i so tho coroner, fatisficd that the 1 'c corpse in tin; next room \va3 I oaf reinsured of Miclmel O'Brien, ii . t• i• r;eee.]ed with tic; inquest. \ was ndvirticd to the cflccfc ^ cl O'ib'ii-n had mot with his .-uii fi'oiii suih'.oninn in a water pipe, r. iiu're. was no ovidencc to show how he ./ot Itli-'ag. the b'.dy T/as burrioil, with a grand wade, ami ill i the lienors, and Honor a tho widow sat down in tho parlor to receive the condolence of her friends and acquaintance'-;. These v.-oro many, and of all a^es, positi'ins and types ; Michael had been in i.jiuo sort a public man—a local counceliur, a J. P., and a successful contractor. Persons then of all kinds came to oflfci Ihcir sympathy. Mrs. 0'J>rien received tiiem, as she observed to a friend, " appropriate, my dear, accordin' to their ranks." Mr. Theophilus Murphy, a young Austaalian undergraduate studying at the university, was among her visitors. The O'Briens and the Murphys had .ihvays "consorted," both in the " or.ld land." and here in the new. Mr. Tiicophilus was a young man of 22, Kith a round face, round nose, and little round eyes. He looked like an animated turnip, with a dishcovcr represented by his collegiate hat. He paid Mrs. 0'1'rien his visit of condolence habited in his university gown, and. Hat board. Ho knew that the lady admired this outward and visible sign of larniug and janius, ami he was not unwilling to make a favorable impression. Even thus early, Mr. Murplij- reflected that, the I a to OTnien would " cut up" for a considerable sum. Ti;e widow was plump and comely—on th" fa.ii' side of thirty. Theophiln.s liked the idea. " You'll be lonely now, dear Mrs. O'JIrie'ii," said he, as he sat in the darkened drawing room. Don't name if, Misther Murphy," she sobbed, " poor Mick was grand company, a ltd wry lively. " 'i'lias was true, for the late gentleman, being usually well in liquor used to make tilings hum," in the house, if dinner was not ready or to his liking. '' Maybe you'll travel," suggested tho undergraduate. "Nothing like it they say to cure a broken heart. I can believe ir. To visit the classic lands of Europe ami Asia; to converse with the spirits of t!.o great heroes of ancient times—ah 1 yes, this might be apt to make one forget hia sorrow." " Maybe, sir," said the widow, " but I am a great stay-at-home, ye see. My ways is domestic. No—I'll open a boarding house." Theophilus stared. " A boarding house. Mrs. O'Brien ?" "To be sure, Sir. Murphy; not ye'll understand that I need to do it for the profit, glory be to God. Poor Slick has left me everything—may he rest in pace. But for society, Mr. Murphy. If I can get live or six gentlemen,like yerself,now, Sir. Murphy, to live in this big house, sure it would bo company—and company of a very pleasant koind yell understand. For a moment the undergraduate said nothing. He thought, however, very rap : dly. Presently he spoke. "Not a bad idea, ma'am—not a bad idea. And I'll tell you what—if you still hold to it, I'll make one. Bless me, it would be very pleasant. You know I am musical, and you sing beautifully Sirs.—" Whist, whist, Sir. Slnrphy. Don't let us talk of them vanities yet. Pom- Mick hasn't been in heaven over a week." " True, true. But time passes rapidly Sirs. O'Brien. It seems like a month— doesn't it T " An' ye'll make one of my lodgers, Sir. Marphy '.•"' smiled the widow. " Oil thin I'm obliged to ye. An' I'll make yea comfortable, I believe." " Don't name it, dear madam," observed the undergraduate," don't name it. The privilege of living under the same roof with you, dear lady, would of itself suHico to impart a sense of comfort and cont ntmcnt^ to the most exacting of mortals." Sirs. O'Brien was speechless. This address tickled her vanity even unto a sp- eics of mental paralysis. Winn, therefore. Sir. Murphy raised her hand to his lips, and bade her good dav, she could only smile, and blush, and flutter. Gracious !" she murmured to herself vhen alone, " that young man has quite a magnetic attraction, so he has. Well, well, poor O'Brien ; I wondther how ye f«el now ?"' If this reflection, uttered aloud in thy presence of those who had best known the lamented in life, had needed oral answer, that answer would probably have taken the terse but eloquent form, em- bodied in the sentence—"a drink." Wherever he might be it was the firm opinion of the departed Sir. O'Brien that whether in substance or spirit, the dominating idea would be "a drink." Pet haps some such idea ee airred to his widow, for though she sighed there waa no great misery echoed in her sigh. She arose from her seat and regarded her comely face in the mirror over the mantel-shelf. " The weeds suits me," she muttered. " Oh, but shame it is, I'll be thinking of that same." Then a few minutes afterwards she muttered. He's an ilegant young man, so he is —with iiis learnin' and janius. 'Twill be j pleasant to have him in the house tc cavarse with and console." And so, after a decent period of mourn- i Jng for her departed Slick, and the settle ment of liia affairs (which last proved Very satisfactory indeed), Sirs. O'Brien issued a neat little circular among her ird iius, informing them that she was prepared to accommodate five or six gentlemen of character and position at her house in Carlton. j True to his promise,. Sir. Theophilus Murphy was the first to take up his abode at Erin House. j Tuen a landing-waiter in the Customs, j a stout, red-faced, loud-voiced gentleman | who had been in the army and was | known a3 Major Buck, appeared one cay j ; at the dinner table, and was introduced aa a permanency. ] Theophilus hated him instinctively. ; ! The major had a way of looking at him from beneath his beetling brows, which | made the student's spinal marrow creep. | He thought that a cannibal savage might j EO regard a well-nourished missionary ; prospectively. : Two bank clerks, and (after some (lemur, as being somewhat below the social standard of the other lodgers) a young man from a large drapery establishment, made nn tho rest, nf t.hn boardwa. iilrin IJ • In. a le ob-i M'itli 111 • an uno; .lien. the Ivan'aTC that lis ])p!y ii;f.irm;it ion a;;;, an.i the latest With ) ;'e ; ici: f. t. thii! a-; in bunn •I, b 1 ! llo Was a III: iic-ov iul youth, with I P. sad and mola of (amntcnaiu'.o, llv.-i. ()' i Irieii t< im. and pat.rumed vcrv !• i a liini, for w a!) tie Se grate- i'ul. The wi;]; had the late l\Tr. OT.rien'a annf, fo ics : with Iter. This was' ucccsliirsi- Eary in due A niece ; of tho proprict ies. i—a lirotty cduntry girl with redei I'-.S aim1;-(iff brown eyes, was adopted by th lady, who, however, kept her rciigior.sly in tlio background. -Time, passed on, and timperiodof mourning had elapsed. T.Irs. OT.ricn, one line stmmi-r's moniing, aiijieared at breakfast in a simple' gown of colored print. The major was in Gcstacies. ^ " Ah ! madam, that is sensible. I'm tho las,f, man in the world, egad, to say nay to deccir, forinaliti- s. But.'by heaven, Mrs. O'r.rien, its sheer l)laspliemv to hide such loveliness as yours beneath dull crape." The widow colored, and simpered. _ The midergratuale realised, for the first time in his life, that there were some circum.slam- es', under tin; action of which a man might- commit murder justifiably. Tho drapers' young man looked dcprccafingiv at, his landlady. It Sirs. O'Brien, to hear Major Buck speak thus. id is views arc those of a gentleman who lias the right and authority to oiler them. The major crunched his toast. . By Jove you are right, sir, right. What Jack Buck hasn't seem you might put in your eye withoutnny danger to if," and the major scowled at" the undergradu- I I j ate. That gentleman felt miserable. ITo had felt fi>r some time that he was losing ground with the widow. He determined to settle matters afc once. And so, one day, returning from a refined game of (emus ami carrying his bat in his hand, he entered his lodgings. ]fc was early in the afternoon, and he knew he should hnd the widow alone. He was mistaken. Opening the door of the sitting-room he b heid a picture which mad him The widow was reclining in the major's arms. He was soothing her to her in a tender, though rather arbitrary manner. As the door creaked ho. looked np. l 'Ha ! " roared the major, and the next moment, th" undergraduate was dragged across the room by the collar of his coat. " Yousneak,"criedthe major. " Listening at the keyhole." " I v.-.-'.Hii't—indeed I wasn't," whimpered M;\ Mnrphv. Oh. Mr. Murphy," said the widow, " I should not have thought it." But I wasn't. I was coming (o speak to you, Sirs. O'Brien. I was—" " Say it," growh. d tho majar, " and I'll skin vou alive. This lady h,is promised to be — Halloa ! " The door opened and another gentleman appeared. Tho widow saw him, uttered a wild shriek and fell to the lloor infusible. "By the Lord!" .gasped the tiudergraduat o, its his ghoet." " 11 iti'oa ! von, sir," roared Slajur Puck " What do you want." " Bedrd,'' observed the new arrival, with a broad Slilesi >n brogue, " I hardly know. Who the deuce are you, unfriend," and the stranger advanced into the room. He was a tall, niusculir. dark, and not ill-looking fellow, in whose face, an expression of arch drollery predominated. "Who the deuce are you, sir," repeated the stranger. The major became suddenly quite wild. "STe—me sir. My name is Buck, sir, Slajor Buck at your service." "Well, then, SFajorBuok, at, mv service, clear out. This is my house : that lady kicking the lloor is my wife ; and you, Masther Murphy—sure don't you know me." The undergraduate shrank into a corner pale and paralys. d. '•It's a ghost," he muttered. "Tluj saints be good to us." "Ghost be hanged," growled the other. " I'm Slick O'Biden, my friend. llousu up ? You sir," to the major, "had bette show us your back, or, maybe, I'll be after helping you." At this the major, strangely changed from his usual martial bearing, sneaked p. way. l'lie stranger raised Sirs. O'Brien from the floor. "House up, Biddy," said he, "Sure I'm Slick, come back to ye." " Oh, oh," moaned the lady, "maybe twar for changing my mourning, Mick, But I ken' it twelve months, honey." "Oh, bother,"growled the man. "Don't be foolish. I'm not dead, and never have been." "Not dead—oh, dear 1" moaned the widow, "and the major just proposed to me." "Then he'll have to wait," said Sir. O'Brien. " Come now, cheer up, I'll tell you all about it. Shake hands Masther Slurphy," and the grip with which he grasped that young gentleman's fin: ,'ers at once dispelled his doubts a» to the materiality of the new arrival. It appeared that Sir. O'Brien, after winning a large sum at the races,had met with an old friend, a sea captain, who invited him aboard his ship. The ship sailed early the following morning,^ and while Sir. O'Brien and some other roaring fellows were still making merry. When they recovered themselves it was to find themselves at, sea. There was no getting back and they had to make the best of the disaster, and go on to London. The voyage was lengthy but very enjoyable. _ and when Sir. O'Brien found himself in London with a couple of thousand pounds in his pocket he proceeded to enjoy himself. _ Tins he did with such relish that he entirely omitted to communicate with his wife. Letter writing, indeed, was not in his . line at any time. ; Sloreover he proceeded to Ireland to ; see Ins friends and at once joined heart ; and soul in the political troubles there. | Arrested for riotous conduct at a pro- | scribed meeting, lie was sent to prison for three months. All these circumstances accounted for his not communicating with his wife in Australia. "An'so it was by my ould corn ye knew_ me, Biddy." said he, as Sirs. O'Brien sat on his knee with her arm around his neck, and told J u t story. " Yes, dear." "I wondther if ould Buck has a corn 3aid lie, "vvitli twink 1 iiv cyos. "Arrah, whisht, Slick," said the widow. •< Pad scran to on;,] Buck." j " But you'd have had him, Biddy, if I had been dead. " i "I was mighty lonely, Slick," mur- { mured Sits. O'Brien, " and the major's a : foine man, anyway." " Arrah, not he." He's a cur, Biddy, The litlle student is worth a dozen of him." "Poor eraylure," said Sirs. O'Brien, "they was all after mc. I couldn't help it, Slick." 1 " Sorra a bit, Biddy. Give me a kiss, and I'll be abetter husband to ye than I was. I nnss d you bad.'" And he kept* his v.ord, and id'.houi-h iometime- ti:^ i hotigliis ot Sirs. O'Bncu turn semimeutally to h ; thuimht of the incident of the major's proposal, she lies never really regiatteJ thai, her 'Mick returned at that- moment to dispel the illusion, 