-4- .THE TURF. GnaNDnwNo was perhaps the fittest horse in the Steeplechase, and Mr. J. B. Clark was very sanguino. Dungan had not been given much severe work during the week, and he looked all the better of it. Whilst conceding that ho looked a picture of condition, the critics would not give him a ohance over heavy country with 12st 91b, but they forgot that he acted splendidly in the mud when he boat J 0 I. in the Onleaparinga titeeplechaso, and had on other occasions acquitted himself creditably in damp gciog Trance, the mare that in December last was disqualified for life by the Queensland Turf Club, was purchased recently by Mr. D'Aroy, of Gympio Her owner anticipaten getting the embargo removed, but if disqualifications by the Q "P.O. are intended to noact as a deter rent Mr. D'Arcy will be much disappointed. It is stated that had the race for the Grand National Steeple been ten yards further Timoni would probably have won, as the top weight was showing signs of distress, and' Timoni's weight was heating him for pace. Dungan's win was a very popular one, and the Messrs. Manifold were freely congratu lated upon their success. The Ballarat pair, Dondi and Walter, showed evidence of oareful training, and there was a small army of followers from the golden city down to back them. The Fulham Park stud is to be carried on by Mr. W. A. Blaokler, a son of the late pro. prietor. The Captain does not incur any penalty in the Caulfield Cup for his win at Warwick Farm on Saturday Little Agnes and Patroness are to go to the stud Their owner, Mr. W. A. Long, M.L.C., has decided to mate Little Agnes with that champion of his time, Grand Flaneur; and it is probable that Patroness will go to Splendor, though nothing has yet been determined on that head. The disappointment of the race for the G.N Steeple was distinctly J.O I. When the field had gone two miles he was a beaten horse, accidents that he had in the raoo being the cause. His appearance before the start gave general esatifaction, and he retained his position in the betting marhet up to the flag fall. The ringmen were the first to discover that J.O.I. was beaten, asho came into the straight, and just as they were speculating which horse would suit them best, the top weight came away inside the distance, and Carey, riding perhaps the most desperate race of his life, just managed to stall off the grey Timoni, who came like a ghost in his wake, and won a magnificent race, all out, by a long neck. Two horses bred in this colony were suc cessful at the V.R.C. Grand National meet ing on Saturday. Merman, who was foaled at fobartville, annexing the July Handicap; and Billy Boy, by Goldsbrough, the Hurdle Mr. H. Oxenham has returned Schoolboy to his owner, having tired of persevering with him A horse named Red Ensign was struck dead by lightning at Middlebam, England, while exercising on July 4. The lad who was riding escaped injury, though he was natur ally terribly soared. The Adelaide Grand National Steeplechase meeting takes place on August 16 and 22. Thus the " Special Commissioner" in the London Sportsman ;-" When staying at Sandringham three years ago Colonel North took a great fancy to Persimmon, who was then a foal, and offered the Prince of Wales 1000gs for him. H.E.H. consulted the Princess on the subject, and was advised to keep the foal himself. A little later the Colonel offered 2000gs, which wasalso're fused as the result of a similar consultation. A further offer of 3000gs was dealt with in the same way, and in the morning Colonel North went another thousand-he would give 4000gs for the foal. This tempting offer was also refused, and Colonel North said : ' After all, sir, I am glad you have not let me buy him, for I believe he will win the Derby, and then it would be a national calamity if he were mine instead of yours.' " 