[?] A LOVE ROMANCE. CHAPTER II (continued). ' So this is the only settlement to which you will, consent, O'Shea ?' David Hartley, asked, in- an anxious s tone. ' I swear I did not dream that x you cared for the girl 1' \ '' I did not 1' O'Shea's smooth, oily voice made Myra wince. ' I have never felt the slightest interest in her, one way or another, until to-day. Have you never heard of such a thing as being won by negative virtues? — of being attracted by repellent forces? . I never gave Myra Hartley a serious ?thought; and I came here to-day, in tending fully to try and get loose from this foolish entanglement, if that had been possibe, but you know the diffi culty. I was prepared to settle that money matter with you in the most obliging manner. But now I have met her again, the little vixen 1 and, I declare, Hartley, I admire her more than I have ever admired a woman in my life before, and I am determined to make her my' wife I This paper, in my possession, shall be destroyed upon tiie day that Myra Hartley marries me : otherwise— well, you know the alternative. It will beggar you, Hart ley, just at this crisis in your financial affairs. But the money I must have ' ' Luncheon I' announced a servant at the library-door. The two men arose and left the room together, and neither of them noticed tbe little grey- robed figure just outside the windows, standing like a .marble statue, where those words of Tristram O'Shea had transfixed her. And then Fate intervened in the shape of the south wind. It wandered in at the open window, fluttered about among the papers which Hartley and O'Shea had left upon the desk, and, suddenly lifting a written sheet, wafted it through the casement and deposited it upon the ground at Myra's feet. A moment later she had captured it, and was about to toss it back through the open window, when these words met her gaze : ' £20,000. ' One year from date I promise to . pay Tristram O'Shea twenty thousand pounds sterling., for value received. ' Ernest Hartley, Ravenswood, Parramatta, September 1st, 18 — . Across the back of the note was the name of David Hartley as endorser ; , while below, still in David Hartley's well-known hand, the date only a few days previous to the death, these words : 'V Failing to liquidate the above debt, I agree to give to Tristram O'Shea the hand of my daughter, Myra Hartley, in marriage, the said marriage to take place on her nineteenth birthday. ' Ernest Hartley. And just below : 'March 8th. 18 — . Tristram O'Shea.' ' She stood there like one suddenly deprived of life— stricken blind and dumb before the sudden horror of this unexpected blow. She could neither move nor speak. The blood surged in her brain ; her heart throbbed so tumultously that she thought it was going to burst. She turned with a swift, angry ges ture, and, crumpling the paper into a ball— the paper which contained that dastardly bargain — flung it wrathfully back into the library, and hastened away. 8he then went into the house and went through the form of eating, and drank a cup of coffee, and then announced herself ready to go. A hasty hut affectionate farewell to Mrs Rice, the housekeeper, and Myra fol lowed her uncle out into the sunshine ? to where the carriage stood waiting, the baggage having gone on before. Somebody else stood waiting also, and Myra's heart contracted with a deadly pang as her eyes fell upon Tristram O'Shea. He started forward to assist her into the carriage, but she shrank from 'his touch, 'Say good-bye, Myra,' holding out his firm, white hand. .. ' Good-bye, with the greatest of pleasure,' she returned, icily. . And then her eyes fell upon the old house — the gaunt, grey, old mansion, with its countless windows and gables, and its home-like air1 'Good-bye, dear old Ravenswood,' she half sobbed. But O'Shea seemed determined that she should leave some sign of re lenting. ? . ' You do not hate me, do you, Myra ?' he pleaded eagerly, in a low, earnest tone. Her eyes swept his tall, elegant figure with a glance of superb scorn. 'I have already expressed my opinion of you, Mr O'Shea,' she said, in a slow frigid voice. ' I have only one remark to add : I have seen the bill of sale — the shameful contract between papa and you. If I could have despised you more' thoroughly than before ? ' She stopped short, pale and panting. He was cringing before her like a craven. Low under his breath he stifled an execration. This was some thing for which he bad not been pre pared. And while he stood there speechless and motionless the coach man whipped up the horses and the carriage rolled away, and he stood ! gazing after it with eyes full of disap |L pointment, anger, and chagrin. I ' Bad luck !' he ejaculated sharply L as he turned upon his heel and re 1 , entered, the house. He marched ? straight to the library and found the A paper upon the floor — that cruel con ' tract— smoothed it carefully out, and p.ut it away in his note-book, a dark frown upon his brow, his lips tightly compresscd. 'Beautiful, wilful little witch I I will win her yet. My 'chances are not altogether ^hopeless. David Hartly is the indorser of the note. He is good for the money, but he is as close in money matters as any old miser, and it would be like taking bis life to force him to pay the sum. A tidy little sum it is too. It will cripple the Hartley finances' irretrievably just now. I would not give a penny for the old man's future prosperity if he is forced to pay this money. And he knows it, and that is the secret of his readiness to help me. Let me, see : this is the first week in April, and the note will be due the. third day of September. A great deal can happen in that time 1' Ah I if Mr Tristram O'Shea could only have known how much would take place within that interval? Thus, then.' Myra left the home where she had passed most of the years of her childhood. As has been remarked,, her father, during his life time, had never shown her any real affection, and sihee the death of Mrs Hartley the motherless girl had found in Mrs Ki'ce (the old housekeeper) the only true friend about the place. For any who knew anything of the girl there could hardiy fail to be ex perienced the conviction that Myra was worthy of their regard and affec tion. She was impulsive by nature, but she possessed many admirable traits of character, which if rightly de veloped. go to the , making of a true and estimable woman. She was firm and unswerving in her helief of truth and complete rectitude of word and act, and all that bordered on tbe un real or the false in the slightest degree was detestable to her. Young as she was, she nevertheless had fairly gauged Mr Tristram O'Shea. She could never feel the least approach of affection for him, and to marry him under any cir cumstances could never be. Especially, now that she had become acquainted with the fact of the cruel arrangement her dead father had made as to her disposal — now indeed marriage with this man was an utter impossibility. Now she had bidden farewell to Ravenswood .- never more would she roam happily and contentedly through the lovely dales of the most richly wooded part of Parramatta. That was now a thing of tbe past. And what was before her in the immediate future? The prospect of a most uninteresting stay at her uncle's house, which was in North Sydney. She had never cared for either Mrs David Hartley orv for that lady's daughter, Blanche. Nor was she to be blamed for this, seeing that both mother and daughter had tastes wholly at variance with her own. Myra was one who enjoyed God's world and the innocence and beauty of Nature herself, and could experience feelings and thoughts of a far more ennobling kind than those which engrossed her aunt and Blanche, whose whole aim in life seemed to be pleasure, and nothing but pleasure — which pleasure they tried to extract in doing all they could to keep pace with what is called Society. For many a night after her arrival at St Elm — a beautiful place enough, nestling as it were and overlooking the beautiful harbour — poor Myra had cried herself to sleep. Her life seemed to be so different from what it had been, and she was continually annoyed by her uncle's constantly reminding her that her marriage with Tristram O'Shea would have to take place. About a fortnight after her arrival at her uncle's a grand ball took place, and to this Myra had been looking forward with some little hope that it might af ford her both diversion and pleasure. The night of this ball arrived at last. 1 She dressed carefully for the occa sion. She attired herself in a becoming gown of soft, gauzy black,- cut square' in the neck, and with sleeves which displayed her round white arms. She looked quite stately as shetripped down the stairs and went out into the grounds adjoining, A temporary ballroom had been erected outside the house, the gardens were beautifully illuminated with China lanterns atranged for the occasion in various artistic ways amidst the foliage. A brilliant scene was revealed as the beautifully-attired members ot her own sex flitted about in company with the regulation dress-suit of the men, while 1.... ttioro anrorpniic dress military uniforms made an attractive variation to the glossy black coats of the others present. And then the music burst forth into seductive melody, and the dancing commenced. Myra wandered down through the spacious grounds away from the merry crowd, and after a time, quite tired out, sank down upon a rustic seat beneath a tall live-oak She was out of range of the Chinese lanterns, but the moon was shining brightly, and by its radiant light she saw the figure of a man coming straight towards her— a graceful well-knit figure with handsome, clear cut features, laughing grey eyes, and a silky brown moustache. He came deliberately over to where she was sit ting, and Myra started with a cry' of recognition. A moment later and he had her hand in his, aud said in a whisper : j ' I knew that I was not mistaken ! I So odd that we should meet again here | And now it is time to introduce myself. hours BPWff^^^Myra unmissed— alas ! who' was there to miss or mourn her?— and Charlie believed to have been sud denly, called away. .'/But the pleasant in'.srview came to a close' at last, and the new-formed friends separated. Myra re-entered the house, stole up' to her own room unobserved, and re tired, but not to sleep. ' Shu had too jnuch to occupy her thoughts, as she turned and tossed on her white bed, while before ner memory there flashed persistently a handsome face and laughing grey eyes which haunted her with their tender light . And so at last morning stole in at the window and ushered in the new day— that day which was dsstined to be both dark and woeful for her. For the morning light revealed a gruesomespectacle— a something which Myra could never forget. CHAPTER III. AFTER THE BALL. Myra went slowly downstairs and en tered the breakfast-room. It was quite empty, so she had it all to herself. She went- over to the open window and stood gazing out upon the grounds, not yet recovered from the effects of last night's dissipation. ' It's a shame to spoil the garden 60 completely just for one night's amuse ment' 1 She expressed her opinion aloud, and it reached the ears of David Hartley. Jnst outside the window he was smok ing a matutinal cigar. His face looked wan atjd troubled in the bright, search ing sunlight. He turned his head idly, and a shadow darkened his face. ' Ah ! good morning, Myra,' he ob served, coldly.,, 'Glad to know that someone is up at last. These horrid late hours are enough to affect anyone's health, and turning night into day plays mischief with a man's constitution no matter how sound. Well, Myra, I trust that you have found inclination to con sider that matter of business ?' She started uneasily. Alas I would he never let her rest ? Must she be an noyed from morn to dewy eve with this ugly question staring her persistently in the face— this question which she has answered — but which David will not considet disposed of? 'What business, Uncle David?' she asked, sharply. David shrugged his shoulders, 'Don't attempt to play innocence !' he returned, grimly. ' You know that I refer to Tristram O'Shea.' _ 'Tristram O'Shea I Tristram O'Shea, indeed 1 I have the very sound of his name ! Must I be haunted by it at every turn ? Wheiever I go must I be confronted with a dark-faced Tristram O'Shea, who considers me his pro-' petty ? And no wonder, since he holds the bill of s'ale.' David Hartley started violently, with a muttered execration which he prudently suppressed. How in the world did this girl ever learn of the existence of that paper which he cannot hide from himself ? '' What do you mean ?' he stam mered. '' You are using strong language, Myra — rather strong.' ' It requires strong language to do justice to the situation,' she returned coldly. ' Uncle David, 1 have seen the note which my father — my own father '—oh, the scorn in that sweet, ringing voice I — ' signed and you en dorsed. Oh, shame upon such man hood—such parodies upon gentlemen! And ten thousand times more shame ful is the conduct of the man who has made himself a party to the transac tion I Tristram O'Shea is too vile to merit a woman's consideration. Now, Uncle David, let us drop this subject for good and all. I am heartily tired of it, and you are convinced by this time that it is of no use — no earthly use! 1 will never marry Tristram O'Shea— never, never !' David Hartley started up, nearly knocking his chair over as he did so. Never in all her short life had Myra seen him so angry, so fearfully, terribly angry. His eyes gleamed like steel points, his strong frame trembled with wrath. ' You shall!' he hissed shrilly from between his set teeth. ' Myra, you forget that I am implicated in this matter. I do not see how I ever allowed myself to be drawn into such a vortex, but Ernest possessed a smooth tongue and he wheeled me into it somehow. And then besides— I do not object to confessing to you, Myra — he, your father, knew of a little business transaction of mine which I desired to keep secret, and he stipu lated that the only terms upon which it should remain a secret were that I should endorse this note which O'Shea holds. Your father at the time was engaged in certain speculations. He hnH horrowed the monev from O'Shea with which to commence operations, and there was every prospect of suc cess. He would have succeeded, I am confident, only he was taken away so suddenly. So you see, Myra, the matter lies in a nutshell. I must pay the money and be ruined, my home sold, my wife and children become beggars. For, although twenty thou sand pounds is not so very large a sum, there are reason— good reasons — why just now the loss of it would prove disastrous to me. I have made all this unpleasant explanation, Myra, and now yon will see that there is no course in all humanity left you but obedience to your father's will.' The beautiful eyes flashed omin ously. ' My father's will was of a nature, unfortunately, that does not demand obedience from a child. I have already told you that I will never marry Tristram G'Shea if my very life depended upon it, I would not, and I could not i'' ifflrperhaps I, do, in a '(icrtam';sens'e.' And then she added, : ca'}iiily,T: 'To hate properly, you know, sir','- the- per- son must be at least of soiiig earthly consequence. Now, I consider Mr. Tristram OJShea as a being- of no con sequence in the world, to me. I have complete . contempt' for ? him— in a word, litell you I cannot and will never marry him. ' My, mind is fully made up. You may do your best to induce me to yield, but. it will be all wasted time'andftnergy on your 'part. I tell you, uncle, I am willing to be a good and obedient girl, and to ac knowledge your authority as a guardian, but I draw the line at tyranny. Shall We end this conference now, Uncle David ?' 'No!' thundered forth David, I will make you speak of it. You are .under my control, Myra, and you shall obey me I am not the man to stand idly by with folded hands and see my wife and child in need of the comfort! of life, while you, my ward, have it in your power to make everything straight and right I tell you I will give you no choice ; on your nineteenth birth day you shall marry Tristram O'Shea, or ? ' Hp stopped short, panting . for breath. She turned upon him de fiantly : ' You are going beyond the limit of your authority, sir I I think the law can soon set this right, and the day will come when you will have cause to repent your criielty to me, Mr. David Hartley. .fina men, witn womaniy revulsion of feeling, she rushed swiftly to his side, her starved, lonely heart quiver ing with pain at the thought of its lack of love, her white arms outstretched as though to. fling them around his neck, her sweet face full of pathetic plead ings like a grieved child. ' Uncle David, don't be so cruel to me ; don't be so hard, and harsh, and stern. For papa's sake, who loved me once before he was caught in the clutches of that wicked Tristram O'Shea, feel a little kindness and pity for me ! I am all alone, Uncle David, all alone in the world. And the world is so cold and cruel and unfeeling towards the lonely orphan. Pity me, Uncle David, and try to care a little for me ! Not like you care for Blanche — of course I could not expect that— but for the sake ot your dead brother, have some sympathy and affection for his only child !' David Hartley fell back a pace or two. Over his face a look of cold hauteur, contemptuous impatience, settled down. He turned away from the pale, pleading little face, from the outstretched arms ; he shut his ears to the pathos of the sweet, pleading voice, .* 'When you announce your readi ness to obey me '—his voice was as cold as ice and his face hard as adamant — 'then I will beslow some affection upon you.' Until that day you must consider yourself an alien and a stranger to me. My house must be your home for the present, myroof shall shelter you, but I can feel no affection for you, no sympathy for a wilful, disobedient child !' He turned his back on her, and left the room. Myra threw herself down into the chair that be had just vacated, and buried her face in her trembling hands. The conflict was wearing her out— breaking her down, mind and body. And silting thus, the sound of voices fell athwart the silence, high pitched and angry. Blanche and her mother had crept down to a late breakfast at last, pale and hollow-eyed —mere ghosts of the bright, pretty women of the night before. 'I tell you, mamma,' cried the shrill voice of Blanche Hartley, Hector has not proposed, and I begin to believe that I shall lose my chance after all ! And do you know why ? I believe that he is interested in Myra. Absurd to the last'degree, to be sure, but you know he saw her last night, after all my precautions, though she did behave respectably by keeping out of the way. And that reminds me — where in the world was she the entire evening? Not upstairs, for she came from the grounds and passed up the staircase to her own room to retire, while I stood in the hall conversing with Hector. That was his first glimpse of her, and he asked me, with an appearance of deepest interest, who she might be. Mamma, the girl looked like a picture, and her eyes shone so that they fairly dazzled me. And that thin black dress is awfully becoming to her style. Her throat and arms looked like sculptured marble. It made me feel jealous to look at her; though my Nile-green silk and lace overdress cost twenty times what her gauzy little dress did.' ' We must try to get rid of her,' put in Mrs. Hartley, thoughtfully. 'David shall send her to school. But, at all events, while she is in my house she shall obey me ? ' The words died upon her lips in a r*tn**tla-4 oi-n t-Ua ? 4.1 ? ? biacucu uiy, xur tuc uoor was inrown open, and a servant rushed into the room, pale and excited. 'Oh, ma'am! Oh, Miss Blanche; such an awful thing ! Sims, the gar dener, found it down in the grounds ! The body of a woman, ma'am, a young woman, stabbed to the heart, and stone dead !' To be Continued. 