A MOTHER'S SIN; or The Northcombe Mystery, BY CHARLES GIooRD OOD, CIIAP'TER IX. UNDER TLEs FLAG PORT. To Masgar ot Grantham Blanoho Foylo w revelation of another world. Sho had Ihad felow friends, and her knovwledgo of Soloety had boon drawn from her Eohool oayps, and such obliqoo pcoo Into the ways of tho world as may ho ohtanlod from a rigoroualy-onodectod "flinhhin sochool." To this had hbeoon added the delightful tour on the Continent with the Iogram, anud the walking exprdttfon In North Wales. Bat the world of theatres, the world of Cowca, of Newmarkot, of Henloy, of Asoot, of garrison towns, of naval statiooa, wao only known to boher as pleasant wiokeodnesol wlth'whloh she had but the bowlog acquaintanoo which oomos from roading the noveol, capoaially the lighter flight of novels, which ochool. girls 000y hby n theior railway joorneys. Mro Ordigton shubscoribeod to Mudio'e., but the periodiol hbox was always hopt In her hodroom, whbllo Mtrgaret wo sappooed to ford her intellllgonoo from tho bootkholvos in the morning.room. Mro Foylo had married a man who had money and racing and yachting toatel. Hi had also likrd to wandor, and frequently took her for long voyages, beoavn o ho liked to be on board a thoro was a lifo utlh ochlh Mrs goylo did not appear to oe cqnuainted - tho lifo of the draowig-room, of ladleo of birth and ooultro; and indeed, the aocloty with which her husband had boon abohl to mao her otquainted was of the roughond-tomblo type, whioll anyone may enjoy who hla money to soond on boxes at tho thoatro, yachts, houolnbots, hotels, and raeo.meotingr, Sometimes, indeed, hcar. garot was rather shocked at the romlnisi oonoes which lanche poured forth, and in someohing, howeror bright and emoslng, she was not qoiteo atiarcotory. For Instanooe, Margaret was Intensely religions--an Aolo- Caotholl" of an on thoslastlo doloripllon. Mrs Foylo would not oveon go to ohoroh an Sonday, and would play comfo opoer at neoasonahbl times. She was apparently heathen, and didn't seem to have oven religious nlstlnot. "I can't think how oou oan go on with out praying," said Margarot, pained at an omisllon whih she could not fall to notieoo and hoping serious turn to a oonveraotlon miaht be fratilfl or more rensourong. ire Foylo amply said, "I don't unoder .stand nnythlng hbout thoae thlngm. You see. I was noeveor taught how to be a good girl. My dad, I om rfrld, was os godlces nos Im, and my mother dieod when I wa a baby." " Then how wore you brought upl' "Mos Iwae not broughtup nt ll. I found my own way op." ' Aod you eovor whnt to schooll" IrOh, yes, to a Board oohool. You aeo dad won horribly poor." 'D ot you did not learn languages and muio att a B'ard sohool, and youo peak Frenoh waol and play divinely." "No; I TIornt Frenchl amougt Fronoli pooplet and mueio--woll. I laratt muelo omeho or othor. don't think I romom hbar how. It ame, I uloppoe--" " And danoolng 1" "Oh, I wont to a doncing-eohooI." Margaret looked at heor ohnrgo--or oe sho had leaot to regard hoor-with largo, round eyes. To hoor the subject was a nored one. Sheo horalf was a littlo too tintropeativo and eoolft.noyfloal. ond a ohaoo growth, a spontaneous dooevelopment, were outsido tho religious emppirolam of the devotional manual which was her goldo to oharactor. "I do wl.ih you aolid toil mi your story -nall about yraolf." 'I My dear Margaret, it wouldn't interest you n the oit. I was born. I grow. I f in love th or forf ttims. I mprrlod. I chhcked moriago. Thobo areo l the ohaptero." 4 1? 'n asked Margarot, qulotly. " VolIl, nearly all the ohoptoro. Lot'o go and bathe, I think I was oenOt fcr a moermaid this hot weather." " I'm not ouro that you're not a mormaid, or somoething of the sort. You don't seoem to understand what religion, or rcaponei blity. or ouro moano." '1uo; nor domoastio eooonomy, lgobra. geologY, conchology. or any other 'oloey. Sly oduootion was hlomefully nogleoted. "I don't moan that. But, lorgiveo mo for saying It, lianoho. Yo are marrieod woman, and you have donoe what to me seems tho most serious thing posoible. You havo left yor hohband. and it doesn't loom to troubloe yon io the least." '"yon think that ratheor fishy, St Mar garet ?" "Don't ollmo 'salntI' I'm not a bit of o saint; but some girls aorn to be so different." " So they are. Now, I want to toll you o sooreS. Do you knew that there slo do. lfghtfnl boat kept in tho coveo under the ollff? I would give anything to go out in that boat and have o swim In deep water. If only Dick woere heo, I'd got him to push it down to the sea for us." Margaret somohow feolt rather glad that Dick was not theore. Mro Foylo per plexed her, and though liser fon kept her amused all day long, sho began to doubt whothor this rebellious wife waS the moot doesirableo ompaoiou for her. Ohe detoer mined to be varc strict with herself Ino ro gard to tho duty of soelf.oomuostion for the rest of Mro Foylo's visit. Heor vltl Sho had boon accepted Into the refogo of their home untll her plano might be arranged. Bot not a word yet had rs Foyole said abhout her piano. Sho had now been with them ton days, hut Mrs Foylo bad not refoerroed to her futureo, or •ppearo l in the least sollcionos bout it. She went down the oig.oog path with Mrs hoylo and suroveyed the boat to the cae. "it wants a coat of tar and couople of oars, and thoen we could use it," observed Mrs Foyleo. The worst of beoing a woman is that you 0an't gt on long without a man. If Dick do'cnt oomo baook oo0n. t shall go and makoe love to tbho fishermen at North Gcombo. It's very ignominious to be do poeldent upon a man to do things that want Otrength and makoe you dirty. I wooder if coat , f asplnall would do in. stead of tar. Well, boah or no boat, I moust batho. This 0e70 shall be my droeesolng room." "l Iiad no Ilo it was so largod," said Mar. garot, who had not been hero for many years. " It's a jolly old cave, oand I doresay smugglor utoed to find It ro In tho old days. Lot'e go up to the top and zoo whether the smogglers have loft anythblong behid them." The cave, whitoh was broad enoooough at the mouth for o man to stand erecot in it, narrowed after a few ynards ant t siatd in ita oourso to tho left. hMre Foye, loeaving Margaroet to it down on a rock, groped her way up tlhe ro e,. and was surprlood to find that when she reached what soomoed to be no prcj'telon of rook around which shoe duod with dltili:ulty. n so:ond Innr ove anon eachod where all was darknehs. Sheom. bao to Morgareot and reported her diooovery. 00I moot seo what that soeond ploo it hLo*" sho oofd. "8tar hero whilo t go nnd got somo notohos. It'o o optendld old Whot o strnOgo, oareolos ohlld-womon shois I" morollecdgryso Utlrgorot. " Sho lo jout Ilto a .ohoolhop home for a holldac." 1hon oomo the thought ; "If sho goodI" Iioooloniog, banotlifro, vlvaolouo, 0e5 gortalnly wso, but Mdnrgortl roon woaitin aonxouoly tohknowmoro. lrs Fooyle wnt0 to tho houoo. end t1, onlyp neervos ohe could find wao Ifounab, wioto shoo noed for matohoe. 0" Molohe, moom? fIMathes n thlhi time of day I Whot do you wnt with matohsao OL aervnots may be ioquhlotive, but Mro F,.llo thoughtI oto moco more thon coriosity In tho womoons Inos. "Yes, mothoonl To light my pipe witii, of oourso." Ianonh govn hooer ho, laughtog. Noo .ohe coold not take Mfs F'oyio sarlooolyo "To light her plo, indeod I" sha reopated I wander what mloohief ae's up to now ? and what in the name of all that'o onnsoble took my mistress to take in thi tricksoy hit of boggRgo to go potking about In overy corner of the placo inst now 2 t've no patienoo with the fool I' The "fool" won Airo Cardington. Hannh'n thooghts were hardly disloyal to her mistress, for she had more than oo e oflled her a fool to her face. Provided with her matohos, Blanche Foyle went baok to the onvo and onoo more dleoappanred. Thco after a timeo he orlid oat, " Margaret I Margaret I' Her voioo seemod a loo! way off. and Margaret fllonwcd, seeing lthat it was Impossblo to hold a convorosation at nuch a dlatanoo. Sho foun,1 the explorer at the ontranoo to the enoond cavo. " Thiu," ohe oriod, onthualaitically, "is a perfectly uharming old place I I would neveoor have cro:lltd you with keeping anything so dolightfully romantioon your domain. Look i" She had made a toroh of some noewspapor she had brought with her, and now striklng a matoh, oexhibited tho oavoe with all the olf.sathsfaotlon of a showman 1t some blooddoordling mystery In a village falrs The aveo was, however, by no moans nn Intoresting. It was spaolons, lofty, ond almaost symmenroal ton ts proportions. Un. quotleinably, It had the applaranoo of bo eng the effeoot of naturl oanoss; othorwiar it would have boon dilioaldt to have no. plained the power whioh had exoavated olhmber in the hard rook, of whloh trocaa remainod in its rugged walls. But t was poeeiblo ·hat art and meohanlam hod m hon hrtonht to 'hol oasal aooo of nattre. Mhrs l'oyl had a rntik in her hand and behogan to polo the walls, as If to show that there was no decptlon, hbut she sunddenly pauod and eorewed up moro paper for a fresh light. " Look hero, Margroet, this isn't stone ; it's wood. Licton i Why, there's a door of somo nort hero, dlaguoind to matohtho stonol" She poshad gaoinat it with her ahouldor. "Adoor I' sho repeated, staring ot Margaret, "and fastoened on the other rid,. Whon does that door lead to 7" idargarat, thoroughly intelorestod now, looked at her in amazement, "A door I' "Yes, a door, wlthont a shadow of doubt, leading I can't say whoro; but certainly to some oommunincatloa with your honso." "Como away," said argarot, shiverilng In the ohilly atmosphere of the oave. " I don't likeo those myterloe." "Bat I love thnml" oxolameod Mrs Foylo, oer eyes gleaming with exolitment. "It's jast the delightful, creepy sort of thing I lovo above all things. Depend npoo it," she went oa. following Margaret towardn the daylight, " theor it a glorious old subterranean passage connecting this nvon with the holuse. Toll mo, how old Is your hoseot P' " My father bought It thirty years or so go from the man who built It. I darshay it Is fifty or oixty yearn old." "Who was the man h" "dAn old sallor-Admiral Fortesonouo." " Anm mggler in hil old ag. I to it all. xour old admiral retired badly off, and noad friends witth e smugglers. IHe fnond this old oavoe, and scoopod it out a hit to got more room. They ran the boat op at night, stored away the brandy, tobanco, lncc-whatoover t war--and then he came down and orrelad It up hin obtorrannon passnage t the heooae, and o drove it off to Exeter, or London, or Ilietol. Cpita ll" Mro Foylo olapped her nodus in glee at the plauidblo explanation whlc, her ingenuity had hit upon. Margarot, however, turned upon her with no earnestness whclh almost seemed florae. no:e o. ' Promneo me, Blanoho," she said, "that pon will not breathe a word abot this to anyone. My aunt ts so nervous that it would, I am oren, mak her ill if she know of it, It would not her imagining all aorto of horrors." Blancho Foylo smiled. This woa the oeoond soore she had boon asked to presorve tn the ehort period of her visit. Btt she mand no promiso. Ifwoovor, she was not one to put a matlor ltho this out of her busy mind. A day or two passed without any reofernco to the dioovory; but, if the truth is to be told, .he had drawn a rough plan, in which it wan shown that a commnnofatlon C ran from a given point A-vn., the door nto the oavo--to the point B, at the bottom of D i e., the turroet etalrcaseo. Of the accuraoy of thin plan she was n certain oas if she had xpnlored every step of the thirty yards or eo for wnhioh the searot passage, to fit in with bhaor plan, mnt exteolnd. Reconnoitring the garden, she found that tho old admiral's ing.post was oexactly over the site of tho eoond caver, and dooubtlesoas wa used by him for signalling purpooses. She would bhon done wall t leave the theory thus eanutifully elaborated to abide It its on. demenstrated completeneoss In her romantlo mind; but. nofortunaloly, she must needs nook Additional evidence. Margaret was unspeakably surprhiad when llanohe one day at brooefast looked rather doemuroly at her plate and nid : "I have been thinking, Manrgaret, that onur doys ought not to hbe entirely wasted. I kno you used to be a sort of perennial Santo Clans for the old and Infirm peoplo In the village. I nam tired of being so seoltish. end am going to visit the poor." " WhatI Youl' "Yes, mo I In that lgrammar, I wonder ? I am going to Northoombhe. I shall go to the shop and buy tea and tobaooo In small paraele. Then you will takeo me to a few of Ithe moot rickety old pauperas on your list, and I shall be a ministering angel with my 'bhaoo In one hand and my tea In the other. It wllT be rather a lark I" "Blanche, I do wisoh you would he erionus. Do yen really mean this " Dltriot visiting to Margaret was one of the erlous things of life, and she naturally re. tented the flippant t?n. of the now volnnteer. "I am in deadly earnest," said Blanche, "I ant to help you, but I hateo woolen nd flannel dole, Lot me try to giveo the old things snomething comfortabloe. I nupposo you wouldn't let me taoke some ram ?" Corltalnly not. We only giveo wine when they areo very ill, after the dotlor has ordered it. But, if you areo really in arnrst, I am no pleoad. Itla so naloe to find that you feel for the poor-" " Oh, of courre. I've always had a sort of Idea-I don't know how-that, an the hard -wo it Geoorgo ItB., or the other follow in the' Pint 'Un,' I wonder ?-well, as some follow nays., 'Tho poor in the lump I. bad'-" " That was Teonnyson." eorreoted Margaret, brightly, uplifted a little by luding her oducation stand by her, after having beeoon made ooncilons of her Ignor Suce of English literature by the retoeronce to the others authors. "Tennysono WVel, parhapa you are right, But I hato boon thitnkiong, don't you know. that I ought to see somothing of the poor, not toin the lump--ooaeo I don't likeo the enoll of corduroys in a crowdrd roon?hot In joatn feow choseon spoolmens. TYu will know the sort." lMgargret wan ohoared. After all, might It not obe true that MIo Foylo Oonooaind a geonulo and kindly woman's heart under ter outward display of thooghtlessnosso lmo good Christian people. she romn.on bored, wntli resort to all tinds of well. Intntfoneod hypoorliy to osoapo beloR ridiooled on hypocrlito by thy Itnptloal ,Thon let on got rnady at onoo," aha lllanoho pot tor nrmn akimbao nd danrod ont of tho room. Now hMaroaret hrod coon neon paoto noimo. Put lonocho on the stago to to ooatnmo on a curtain fairy who dauooda and tLh air, the gootnro, the very atcpn of tllsI donoe out of the room, weould have uoo. ploinly produocd the elifet who h sheo nan Tho visit to Lho village prodound qlonellp niranga Impreanions. Mor Foylo woe takou Sthrnoe noltages. I, the lirst lived a querulos and rhoemntlo old woman, who reo politely assoon as she raw htr vltitoro, and awed lIanooho by plaoing a largo family Ulblo on tho fableh thofsonfuitinoe of which action the reoruit left to the regular olicer to perceivo. A quarter of a pound of toe hroaght a glimmer of a smile to the wrluhled old face. The eecondlaeit was to Mrs Perriam, wife of the gardener at Flag-poet Cottage. She was cheerful and resigned, aod aecoeptoed two paokoets--oo of tobaooo for her good man, and one of tea for herself. As soon as the ladies had left thie worthy person hobbled to her oupboard and produced a short olay.pipo, snd proceodod to test the tebaooe for heroolf, and it t a lamentahble feat that Perorere never totted the favoor of this excellentpaolet of " Sailor'e Glory," which had eeoon trongly recommended to the benefactor by the keeper of the village etare. At the third houoe Margaret Intre dn'ed her friend, and then wont offto pay an inodependent visit to the echoolmletros, oleavig Blanoch to striho out for herself. Hoero wa a perfectly ideal oottsge. An old fisherma of nicety roostod In a high elhair at the fireeido, and was otllod groe'dad." A earoworn-looking woman, with a largo family of eirkly ohildren, ehored the room with him. "Gran'dad," was bright, Aud had n twinkling eye, hot Bleache was aessred that he would never he better than he was it this world, for " hi stoummek's wore out." Theor was a prepostorosly large black tom-oat called "She" and a jackdaw attached to the satablishment, andda occasional bark and a snarl disclosed the prsence of a small dog in a ophoard by the flraplaoe. When Mlre earet, eocordlng to agreement, returnod to thise cottage, she fond gtan'dad" with a long cloy pipe betweae his toothloes jaws. The tea had hoen wedo, and Mers Foyle had joined the family In a cop. She had the hehy in her arms and the rest of the children al round her, eand was singing them a song with plenoty of " patter" in it while the old man nodded with hie head and kept time with his feet. It was a pleasant bhot woandefol eight to Margaret, who had over hboon nbleo to obtain much influence over this family. Mrs Foyle fLinshed horeong, and promised to come again. "I ike them boast of all," tho nsid, at she and Margarot walked away. "BThe old man is very ca!lous and In different to all good adobe. Hits eonothe poor creatuoro' hatbanod-it n inveterate poaohor. The woman Is well enoogh when the is socer." "Nover mind I can get on there. Yeour respectable people are too hsotlmool. one. These black chep don't try to hum. houg me. I shall go and aeo them again." ind ts soon as the old man, assisted by his ton, had worked through the tobeaco, and the tea was running short, lehold I Mrs Poyle appeared with fresh instalments, and tho family greeted her with smiles. This time she did not sing, ut accepteod a ohoir close to "gran'dad." "You've lvoed a long time " tho 'cegn. "NinsLty-oeo years como Martinmas," replied the veteran, without removing his pipe. " You've been a sllor, I esuppose 1"' "Twenty year In the navy. Fifty year at Nor'combho." " Dear me, that's aloog time. You muet remembor lots of things." The old man looked round the room as if eoreinog for a fitting comparisaon for the dimenaione of his memory. " Iia memory's very good," oald hle dauglhter.in-law. "Ain't it grawn'dad I" "I ehould think so. Iromembor Queen Vlctorea'a crowning." " Indeed I" "And-and heaps o' thinag. Wreaoks Yet, a sight o' wreots." " And the old esmggling days t" haztrded Bilancho. creleaaly. "Smuggling I" repeated "gral'dad." "'Oh, ay, smeeggllg I" hI ehould think the octet about here was a good one for that sort of thing !" " Weoll, not amiss." "You reaoeb:r rlee Cardlogtoan' hoase being built ' "Ay, the admiral's. Now who'd ha' thought that I remember that place of hle'n when the old hoose etood therel Jo Terry lived In it. Admiral pulled her down and huilt yon place. Item old place it were, moreover. Almiral he found hord gotten a room underground, and built his tower on to It-" " Did he make the peassage leading to the "Oran'dal" looked at her in virtuouo astoniehmont. "What 7-the passage l" he repeated, vaoantly. "'Yes: there's a pastago leads from the .veo under the cliff to the tower." "Gran'dod" shook his head. He did not woderstand. Mre Foylo took oat her purse. She selooeted a bright half.sovorolg --ono of her ofew remaining olno-and pot it down on the table at her elbow. The old man looked at it, and solemnly winked at it. "'Tilda," he said, "joet you stop them ohllder elatterni'." HIe hraadlthed a stick which stood against the wall convoeniently wlihli reach of hit hand and the whole family sheered off and meet out into the street. 'Tilda did not move. " You was peoaklng about a pasage," he said, putting out a hand and touching her dress with a long, bony finger. "Now I come to think of it, there was a postage up to Joe Terry's. Led, her did, to the care. Admiral he bulldod her walls, and put her lightrhole- " " A light-hole I' "Ay. I ee 1I man do it. I'll toll ye, Go into the garden. There's. a gravel walk rune east ond wmest. Metase her eighteen feoet from east to west, Then seorat' a hole lix inches deep, and you'll come on a kind of trapdoor. Lift her, and you'll see a grating; that's the old light-hole. Now i'll tell ye abhout that passage. Joe Terry did a hit of trade at night-" "Oan the Q. T. 1" said Blanoho. " I believe you. Uioommon handy her was for runninlg a keg or two of Froeh brhndy. And there's three ohaps left of us as known thoe soecret. Thero's me, my seon Jan, and Lgon Joe." " And me," added laneohe. "And yeou, miss. And there ale t a chap as 'd go up that pasaage o' night for fiot 'Tilda started, and a thin smile played over her pale face, "Orau'dad" was coming out strong. "Anod why 1" askod Blanche. "Frlt. Admiral For'wcuo, I've hoeard, used to runo down in his rtarlet dresstinag gown for a bathe, but he got fre'L, and give in. They coould never lay the ghost." Sghoatl Thoat's grand Tell mo all aboet it." ' It wor Joe Toery'e doing. IIo was in teferored with, and a chop went after him up that peesego, and was never hoard of again. Joe. you seea, ought to hre given the man Christlian burial, hat he didn't; and one day admiral iSos a hit of s ekinog stowed away betwixoat ame rocke. lie polls wod polls, and a whole skoleton of a nz comes out wropped up in saoting. It woa the wrongheaded chap as interfered. Well, admiral, ha had the hones hurled in churchyard, bot It wouldn't do. The chap as they boloegod to seeoo'd'on et0wod away chlind the rooks, buhot he didn't 00e '0n burled, d'ye sonee, And ho's altus walking up and down that passage looking for 'un. Adiwral ho that down that lighthole and puttlud up every ehink aed crach In the dloor hat I reckon he's hboed in there still. You'vo nvoer gone In the gardon at eight and heard a rembling SLhoe I aepio' he's shlfting every stone in the ploce," "I oau't say that I've heard any nohes at present," said Bllnewoh, rising, "Thano you for your itory. Foo'd better pot swoy that hall'eovorelgn. Oh, by the bye, I may ae well Rive you this. I think It be longs to yoer acue Yea msy toll him that I piceld Itoup0" Slhe plwed on the table beslde the half soveriten a large eloae'nolo oech as oailors commonly use. "John Sooritra" wae scratched on the blaok horn hondlo and llnnolho, kaving nolldoutnlly Lonulired whotleor asother family of the same came existed Ia Northoombo, had nateliagy surt mised that it most belong to "Jiwo,"- 'Tilda's hoaheed--aed no other OIrandfather ertlven took It op eagerly ead egamlood it. cj " Ay, her ha Jan's" he assented, with a grin. 'Sot down to out his 'bacos, and forgot hert Thank you, miss, and good day, miss. You'll come to ee nas rgalnl" CHAPTER X. MRS YOYLn'S SONG. "If Jaok is alivo, why does be not come to me or writoe" asked Margaret, looking steadfastly into Miss Iogram'o faoo on the first evening on which her friend arriveod. " I cannot understand it. That man told me as distinctly as I wrote to you, that he had soon him on board a steamer. That must be, at st two months ago, andl have heard nothing. Dick has written to me to say that nothling ii know about him at the Admiralty, or at their olub. I am afridn It is all omne Ideous mistako, and he is dead. or olea eomo thlog terrible has happened to him in London." "It Is oortalnly strange," said Molly. '"I can 0aunro you that his mother le as muoh perploexed ae you are. he began to hope, fron what yen said In your letteor, ut nowr she ha quolta broken down again. My own bollef, Meg, knowing Jack as I do, is that he ui doad, and that ho was not soon on hoard the sonamer. I think that you will be wise to look at the matter from the worat point of vlew. Now I've got to make lfonds with your ant, and then ther isl Mrs Foyleo I'm dying to see Mrs Foyloe after all that you hoave told mo of her." "You will moot them both at dinner. You must be prepared to find my ant very roeserved. She never oaro tohave otrangors hero, and it i really wonderir.l how she has taken to Blanche Foylo.': " So boit. Io am going to make oce to the aunt. My opinion about Mrs Foylo I'll lot you know when I haveo ooen her. Now for my war.pont, sI't be ready in ton mlnutes, Meg." Mioss Ingram appearod In the draweng room in a quiet blsok evenlig-dreo, and Mras Cardlngton, who wso ready to reorlo her, saw nothlng in the stoat young lady who came towardo her to connoot her with the terrible Mhsl Ingram of her expeot.a tions. Shn certainly qallodalottl tbeneath tho steady gaze of theo pine-ni ; but boe yond the foot that in her opitnon her now visitor was far too stout for a young woman of thirty, there was nothing In her appoar. auoo which seemed open to criticism. What she had rexpected. It i impoesltlo to say; but she felt greatly relieved when Msae Iogram at down, and joIned her in a very commonplace style of conversation. The arrival of Blanche Foylo interrupted the oonversation. " Mrs Foylo, Miss Ingram " slfs Ingram bowed. Mire Foyle bowed. They were lntroduced. " You have had a hot and dnaty journoy, I am afraid I" said Mrs Foyle, languidly. Mies Ingram bowed, and resumed her converaation with Mral Crdlogtcn, lenavlo Iarganrt ond Blanche totalk ont the time until dinner should hbe announcoed. Naturally, Margaret, having, in defianeo of domestic oritios.m, made a friend of a woman who was not coroventionl, and hnvoi? succeeded in introduoino that friend into her house, wan consioustly regarding heor from two points of vew during that first dinner. Fret, she was, it muot bo confeosed, a little afraid that Molly might say or do something ewhloh ould he ion nidorod oulrd from a social aspect. Scoondliy, sho wao consumed with anxiety that Molly should show herself off to tho beat advantage, dezzle her aunt and the other guest by the cleverooness which h oertalnly possessed, and justify the " hero worship" of whloh she had been made the object. When she glanced eross the table at Molly's strong faso, she saw reserve nod self.roetralnt cloarle dhiuaod there, and know that for the preseont, at least, he need not questlon her frioend's discretion. But Molly was not apparently Inolined to pat her beet self foreward. She was etrangely quiet and commonplace ; and only ooansionally by the exproeslon of the lips, and the way in which the phince.nez was looelled acrose the tbloe, was heo able to realise that instead of opening herself to riticisom, her friend was herself ton n tIo tensely oritical humour, and that the object of her criticism was ires Foyle. Iilancho was not bohavlog well. Sio was laughing and talktig with a freedom which jarred upon her, and, indoeed, she oeomed to be taking wine rather too qouickly to be seemly. Margaret noted this faoot with pain, and onoew also that Molly was taklng note of it. Mrsa Crdington seomed moloed at the way in which the one guea rattled on from one topic of conversation to another, and o!so ill at ease with the other, who sat silent, or only epeaking In mono syllables. When Blanche towardo the end of tho meal upset her wine, and said, " Damn I--I beg pardon I" and fll aook in her hair protonding to laugh off the dis credit of the situation, Mrs Cardlngton only stared, Molly's lips twitohod. This wam most unfortunate, and It was a great relief to Margaoet when her aunt rose and pro. posed a return to the drawing-room. Molly took targaret anido. " Mr Fopylo is a trile odd, I think," she remarked. "By the bye, do you happen to know. Meg, what her maiden name was 1" "No all I know about her is that she is Mira Foyl"', and that she happens to haove enlisted Jack's Tsympathy as a perseoutod woman." "It Is a pity that, whoen sho dsaoarded her wodding-ring. she did not resumo her maiden name. Your aunnt, Meg, interests me supremely. She had semooehing 0on her mind. Does she always ohange oolour whnover ho speoaks about hereon ' " She Is exceedingly nervous," whispered Mtrgaret. "Indeed.' said Molly, quieotly, turning away, and creosslng the room to take a seat near Mre Cardington. lIanohe by request wont to the plano, and played some lively muslic, and theo sang a culioss song. It was what Is called a patter sang, and-was remarkable only for the Whitoohapol dialect in which It was es pressed. Mrs Cardlngton at, Its conclusion, said I " Thank yon I" Miss Ingram troed her head towards tho performer, and anoed "Hsave you the muoslo of that songt It Is very bright, and I should like to oopy It." "I haven't It, I'm afraid," answered tMr F'yls, "'?o? I was afraid not, becaunse it ha. ot booeen pblshod. I have been told thai it Ia one of IHarry Walker's great songs, and he coomposes his own words, and the music as well, and never ,publishoes eolther. Slow were yeu luoty enough to obtain it ?" "Oh, I pleked it up, don't you know I" In na mnolo-hall," muttered Mollly, oinaudibly, adding aloud : "low clveor vi you I 10t then one plokt up so many thing; In London. I thought that yoo had lived almost eotiroely abroad ?' "Oh, that kind of thing soon gets about," answered Blanoho, carelessly, but with slighlt increase of oelour as her eyes mot the full attack of the piltca eo,:. " low hot it isl " she soid, fanninlg her self with a shoot of musieo. "I think I should like a tuorn In the garden." " A capital Idos" raid Mih Ingramr, "if Mr. CaOrdington will not mind-?--" Mrs Cordlnhton graciously approoved the seggestiou; hut Margaret, receiving oignal from Molly, preferred to remani in doors. She and her aunt remolnod In the draw log room, the on0 reading and the other weorinog ot some needl~ework, while the two visitors promonaded the gordenwolkt by moonlight in the cool of the Augost oveonlg. Tb be Ceolloaued). 