COMPLETE, IN THREE INSTALMENTS Adrift in Antarctic Seas.. By MRS. J. SUESTED, Anther of " Dr. Brian M1 Arthur," "In Many Bands," "A' Story of. Old .Cairo," See., &o.; ALL QUEENSLAND HIOIIT3 EESEUVED. CHAPTER I. "Hallo! Stovonson, you're tho very man I wanted to see," cxolaimed John Chapman, as ho shook hands with a tall fino-looking man, near the post offico at Wellington, tho capital of Now Zealand. "Ah! auything now .turned up then?" msked his friond. " Yos ; I have just received information from our ngont in Dunedin to tlio effect that tho Clarence, with a mixed cargo on board, lcavos for Tasmania next weok, colling at tho Mac- quaries on route, to loavo provisions for tho pcoplo engaged in tho seal fisheries there. So, if you tiro still in the sumo mind about seotng the islands ou your way homo, thle is just tlio very opportunity for yon." "BvJovo! liow lucky, oh f But what sort of craft is sho, Chapman P Of course, I don't mind roughing it myself, but my wife lias to bo considcrod, you know, und I should not liko lier to bo uncomfortable." " Oh, you need not ho uneasy on thnt score," replied Chapmun, promptly, "Tho Clarence is a smart vessel of about 600 tons rogistcr, hand somely fitted with nil the modem uppliniicos for comfort and convenionco. Moreover, I don't think Mrs. Stovcnson would liko to miss a sight of tho Mncquaries, ovon at tho cost of a little inoonvonionco." " No, you are right there," laughed tho fair giuut. And it was settled off-linnd that they would sail in tho Olnrence, of which steamer Captain Axelson was commander and part owner. Otto Stevenson had only been married a littlo over a year. His wife, besidhaJ>eing rich, was young, beautiful, woll connected, und very much in lovo with lier husband, who was in turn devoted to his gentle dark-eyed May. Thoy had left England with a pnrty of friends to " do " tho Antipodes, and uftor cruising about among tlio Friendly Ialunds, and exploring the marvels of Maoriland, thoy wore now homeward bound, tlioir friends hav ing preceded them. Tho desire to see the Mncquaries and tho soul fisheries was a more whim of those happy idlers, and as there was really nothing to provont tliem from gratifying it, thoy sailed from the Bluff one glorious morniug about tlio middlo of Novcmbor, bent upon doing so. Bnt, " l'hnmino proposo ot Diou disposo," as alas 1 thoy wero to find to tlioir cost oro that voyago ended. The accommodation on tho Clnrenco proved nil thnt could bo desired. Tlio captain was a fine speoimon of tlio linrdy navigatora who saw plonty of rough sorvico iu tho southern seas in the olden time. Tho Stovonsons were tlio only passengers, and May was woll pleased with hor quarters, and also with the smart littlo cabin- boy— a nophew of Captain Axelson's— whoso hnndsomo nppearanoo and bright intelligent face immediately took tho lady's fanoy ; so Oscar was at onco assigned tho part of Bpooial pago, to tho lad's great dolight, for ho wished nothing hottor than to t'otoli and carry for the tovoly girl whose gentle ways and sweet voioo had quickly won his heart. The time passed pleasantly, boguiled by many a tough yarn spun by tho captain, who possossed a never- failing store of sqcli. " I suppooo, captain, in tho onrly whaling days you would 'occasionally go pretty far south!" romsrkod Stovcnson, one day. " Ayo, and some narrow squouks I have liud among tho ico I oan toll you. Why, I was onco wrecked on a berg, -and came very noarly being devoured bynn ugly brute of is Polar hoar, who ohanoed to share tho same inhospit- ablo quarters." "By George! how did it happen?" "Woll, it was a goodish number of yoars ago, when I was mate of a whaler Bailing in these waters. Souls had got to he very source on the Now Zealand coast, and that year we had tried all our usual hnunts with very poor results. ..Our vessel was a. brig, the Austral, and tho captain wua considered one of the smartest skippers sailing those seas in senrob of seals and seal oil. Wo wero down on our luolc, and inolined to grumble. Hovovor, tho oap- tain lind a consultation with the crow as to what was to bo done, for ho was determined not to go buok with suoh n poor ourgo. " Wo nil agreed with hint, . and offered to go wherever ho liked, aa he said he knew wliore there were ftirs and oil in plonty, for men aring enough to run tho risk. ' " Any notion of going nftor ' them with such vessels i.s ours was uuthouglit of amongst Australian sealers. Wo wero a bold, dovil- inuy-ouro sot of follows you see,, although X believe n finor crew uovar trod n ship's planks, mind you. Anyway, wo wore all gamo ; so we tripped anulior with a smart nor'-casterly broozo, und tho Austral just settled to hor work beautifully, with every stitoh of canvas draw ing. " On tho fourth day it onmo on awfully oold | and wo hud to keop a sharp look out ulioud for ice from the mnst head. Towards afternoon a haziness came up over tlio southern horjzou, and spread over tho sky. Wo could not mnko out tho rcuson.of this, hut tlio ouptaiu under stood it woll onough ; wo wero Hearing tho ice. " Thnt night wlion I went on deok I whs Hurprisad by tho ohungo in the ntmosphoro. II liad been oold and pretty dark boforo, but it had now doubled. "Tho oold was intense, and tho darkness simply awful. It wits positively painful to strain your sight to look uliead through tlio bluoknoss of tho night, and I reckon I felt something liko fear creeping over me.a I wont forward, and was just raising my self by holding on to tlio jibbooin stay to got u long-look uhouid, when I was struck with the loom of something which seemed hlaokor ovou tluiu tho lilght, nnd tho next instant, boforo I hud time to utter a sound, I wns all but thrown from my position by a shook. I did not fall, bowevor; 1 1 hold on with both lunula to tlio stay, until I felt that what I stood on was giving way. " We had struck something with all , tlio impetus of a ton-knot broozo. I folt mysolf falling, and mndo a leap forward, grasping something cold us I alighted, to wnlon I hold -on, you may bo sure. . . "I turned to, lo'uk at tho brig, whose 'spars seemed oloso to me for a moment, I- saw tho flash of light from the hinuaole for an instant tho next, it was gone. " Wutoblng the sudden disappearance of the brig, I had not thought of my own position ; now, liowovor, I put out my baud to gain u firmer hold, and grnapod somothing doadly oold, andhlippery as glass ; tho truth flashed over me in an instant, and the shook nhnust made me fall baokwardB. I was onat away, und not ou u rook or an island, but on un ioe- berg. Wo lind run ugaiust ono in tho darkness, und lmd boon orusliad by the oontaot. " Tho Austral und lier bravo orow had gone down with never a ory into tho bkiolaiosH of that frozon sea. I tumod rick at tlio thought, and lost my sonsos. When I came to mysolf it was broad daylight, and ns soon na I oonld muster courage I took a survoy of my position. I found to my horror that I had boon thrown upon a narrow ledge lhan run round an imincnso iooborg. Above roso a perpendicular cliff of slippory ice, below and around lay tho desolate oooan, with no sign of life savo a fow birds. " Bolieving mysolf doomod to a lingering doath, an awful agony of despair onmo ovor me, and I thought I should go mad. Rousing mysolf, I managed at last, to get on my feot, aud holding on to tho wull us woll or I could, I crept cautiously along to whoro thoro was a bond in tho iceberg, round whioh I thought I might find a safer position, I reached tho oonier, and wua ubout turning it, whon to my dismay I Raw, a fow ynrdR ahead, a huge Polar boar. Ho was sitting upon lua hind quarters upon tho narrow lodgo, and faced me with a savage look in his hungry red oyes that mnuo my blood turn cold. He growled fiercely, and . getting on his feot oumo towurrls mo. I sprang baok, and mnnnged to got round tho bond somehow. Of oourso I know I lindn't tho ghost of a alianoo to defend myself against the uttaok of u hungry hear. liowovor, I drow my clasp knifo, nnd waited in horriblo ausponse for the hruto'a appoaruuee. Ho seemed a long time in earning, hut his great size inudo it uu easy piuttcr fur him to got round the bond to the narrow ledge on -pinch I wus crouching. But at last ho camo) and my heart seemed to atop heating as I. saw, first his block mtizzlo, then his white furrod. nose and rod oyes appear round tho. Corner. I wanted to yell, .hut I couldn't, us ho hovo gradually in Sight like a ship on tlib horizon, und camo on without ovor quiokon- ing his paco. I know my tiino had come, nnd if tho ugly bruto lind only mndo a spring tho ngony would not havo been half so intense. But, by Gcorgo! not oven tho most courngcous of men could wntcli such a death ndvanaing on him liko a funeral dirgo without fooling cowed. I dropped on tnr knees nnd covered my faco with my limnls. I heard his shuffling trend on tho wot nnd slip pory ice, nnd I thought I felt his hot breath on my face. Then I must havo lost conoious- ncss. . "'Whonlcanie to myself again, 'yon may guess I was howilderotl, for 1 was in tho ham mock of a whaling ship. B seoins tlio great weight of tlio boar hud broken tho tliin ledgo of ice, and we hud fallen into tho sea. to gether. Luckily for mo it happened just at tho' right moment, and I whb picked' up in- sonsiblo by tho heat. Tho dcud hear was seen floating near by." CHAPTER II. .. Their stay on tlio islund was sufficiently long to onablo thorn to seo all thoy desired, and thoy wero not sorry when the timo arrived for thoir dopnrture. Tho atmosphore waa gloomy, with a stiff .liroezo und a -heavy swell, when thoy left tho Mucqunries at daybreak. By noon tho wind luid freahoncd considerably, and boforo night indications wero unmistakable of a fnst npprouching gale, but tho Oleronoo was running well on lior course, and no uneasiness was folt by thosoon hoard. Howovor, about nino o'olaok, thoy wrirq euddouly overtaken by a torrifiu wosterly galo, which hurst over tlio vossel with a violoiico tliut wus truly appalling. It was awful to hear tlio wind Bhrieking fiercoly ovor tho sea, nnd whitening it with fonm. Tlion there came the rush of feet ou deck, wliero a dreary darknosa prevailed, savo when. a wnvo, breaking massively, gleamed with a phos phorescent light, and the gulo veiled about' tho ears of the men, half blinding them with spray, that stung liko huil. The wind seemed,' to in crease in violence ns tho minutes passed, and an ugly sea was running, hurling groat waves nguinst tho vessel, somo breaking on board nnd sending waterspouts of foam high ' as tho funnel, to ho carried to lcowards in oloiids of hisBing, hurtling flakes. All deck movables, with a large portion of tho bulwarks, wero soon carried away. So passed tho dnrkostlioursof the night, amid the howling of tho tempest, nbovo which might sonlotimes bo hoard tlio clear tones of tlio captain's voice, us he tvumpotcd out his orders on dock. TVlion tlio hurrienno wus at its height un enormous wave suddenly caino ovor tho hows, smashed in tho dcck-houso, carried away tho bonlB, bonding tho stanchions us if thoy had beon twigs, and swept tho chiof officer and a Bailor ovorboard. Tlio captain would havo gono also but for Stovonbon, who, clinging _ to somo ironwork with ono hand, soized him with tho other, lind so saved him from a liko dreadful fato; for no human aid could possibly bo rendorcd to the poor follows, who wero instantly swullowod up by tho sooth- iug waters. 1 Tlio Clarence shook from stom to stern with the dead weight of tho awful blow, and after recovering hersolf no mqro pitinblo sight can bo imagined than tho wrecked nppearanoo alio prcsontcu. This occurred about threo o'clock, mid when tlio da.vn broke tho soene was wild boyond description. The tumbling billowing waves rose in moun tains to tho horizon, while tlio ship rolled heavily as slio was oauglit by the sens, and aomotimos rushed into an iihyas wulled up with green wntor, from whioh tho 'gallant steamer roso liko, a struggling thing of lifo. Tlio sky wns of !a dull lendon lino, from which at. tiit.ervuls doscondcd sharp showers of sloct and raiu. ' The gulo decreased ns the morning ndvnnccd, although tlio sea continued to run 'terribly high. Mrs. - Stovonson, who hnd passed a dreadful niglit, remained in hor cabin, her husband going below occasionally to. tell Iter how thoy fared. "Wo are in great danger, are wo not?" sho nskod, in a low tone of suppressed oxoitomont, hor fnco looking very polo in tho dim light. " Not now1, my doar," ho answered, with a tender, reassuring kiss. "Tho golo is fast abating, and' tho worst ie over." ' " Thnnk-God for .thnt !" sho sold fervently. "But, Otto, my dear husband, I want yon to promise, if real danger does throatcn us at any time that you will not keep mo in ignorance of it, hut toll mo at onco. 1 should bo bravo for yoursako." "I know that, darling. You havo proved that boforo now, and it shnll he as you wish, hiit iit present there is really no causa for alarm." "Oh, what a icrriklo galo it has boon, though !" exolaimcdMayshuddoringlyl " Onco or twico I thought we were actually 'sinking, and tho suspense was awful wbilo you' wore on deok." "But you see, wo'ro still afloat, little wife," iio answered cheerily, "ulthough wo uro. cor- ' lainly in a horrible smiislicd-up state nbovo. In foot, thero's vory littlo loft on deok hut tho funnol, a fow jagged splinters whoro tlio masts stood, und a moro wreck of tho bridge and dcok-houso." ' Of tho sad loss of human lifo ho wisely said nothing. Sho would learn that soon enough. "It was .woll thoy wore able, to keop the engines going," remarked May moro cheer fully. " But I suppoao wo uro not making much headway in this torriblo sea." "Not in the right direction, anyway. You soo we wore caught so suddonly and in such a way, that we hud to run for it, und then it beeumo utterly impossible to heave to, und I fnnoy wo must ho considerably out of our courso." " How unfortunuto, Otto, isn't it ?" ' . "Yob, but it can't bo helped, darling, so do not worry about it. You see, it might have beonworeo." " Thut's true, dear." " I'm going now to boo how tho captain is getting on. Poor follow, ho got somo ugly knooks during tlio night, hud onougli to take tho broath out of uu brdiiiury individual. But he is a splendid sailor, nud a bravo man. By Jove 1 it waa worth somo risk, May, to soo tlio eool way in which ho handled his Btemnor when tho tompast wus at its worst. And I'll toll you what it is," Otto continued wnrmly, " such men us this Captain Axelson.aro heroes , In tlioir way." Stevenson found the captain in his oubin oxmnining tho oliurt and oaloulating his whoro- ubouts. By twelve o'oloek tlio storm had spont itself, the notion of tho sea was much loss violent, and a pale patch of blue sky might bo soon iftro and tnera botwoon. tho oloudp, wliilo an ooeasioniil. gleam of aunshino throw a pausing lustra upon tho quick play of the sea beneath. stovonson was right in his surmise ; they hud boon blown far out of thoir gourso, and the wind now was dead uguinst them. All tlio afternoon it so continued, nnd hardly any headway was made. That night tho sun wont down in . glorious miijosty, burnishing tho deep with a splondour of colouring us tho bright orb enuk under tlio self. Than, as tho 'etars camo out' and tlio darkness of niglit fell upon tho lonaly oeoan, a tremondous thud was heard, startling all on .board with its violoiico ; a faw orrutio revolu tions followod, and thou tlio engines stopped altogether. Instantly all was oxoitomont and anxiety to loarn tlip causa of tlio stoppage, and their dismay . may bo moro easily imnginod than desorihod when it wus ultimately dis covered tliut the mnoliiuory liad broken down, tho dainago boing quite beyond nil liopoof repair. to niS continued to-moiuiow. 