GHOST LORE The immense number of ghosts to be found here arises partly from everyone having four separate souls; three of these souls expire with life, and only one survives after death, and it is not generally held that this survives in a state of immortality; but when it does survive, it is a great nuisance and a considerable expense to its living relations, more particularly when it is-the soul of.the father of a family, for then it is a perfect curse to its many widows, and "a very dangerous water-fowl" to their suitors. The other three strictly mortal souls are mainly a cause of apprehension and alarm to their individual owner, but a source of general trouble and expense as the study of the ramifications,of spiritual: well-being is about as complex as that of the genealogy of the Emperor of China, and although not so dull, is far more dangerous; and, as I feel a conviction this-study will lead me to an unknown tomb 'before my book on Fettish, ;in"seventeen volumes - folio size written . mostly, in cuneiform or early Welsh—for Latin every young can come out. I will give you rough notes on ghosts properly so-called' There is a great trouble in correcting and classifying- the spirit fauna of West Af- rica, J-Owing: to your having to hunt' the specimens through the labyrinths of the Ethiopian, with thick-fog-overhung mind. *as a German would" say. For some time.-.I thought four families would do; containing, of course, many genera- tions; varieties, not to mention individuals freaks, but now I have been obliged enlarge the number of families to" nine.' I will here only refer to the spirits of human' origin/and will first take the conduct, of the souls of the living, and classify them. 1. The soul that survives.. 2\. The bush soul. 3. The dream soul. 4. The shadow on the path We will leave this soul out of the affair at present, merely remarking it does not leave the body during life but as soon as its companion souls are taken away from it. The bush soul, this is, I think, confined to negroes and not possessed by Bantu. This soul is always in the form of an animal, never in that of a plant, and it is a wild animal in the forest a man sickens it is because his bush soul is angry at being neglected, and a witch', doctor is called in, who diagnoses the" of! some-kind of sedative, in the shape of an offering, to his bush soul.^.. When you walk in the Calabar forests you will see the place in the forest where your bush sould was last seen. Unfortunately the' witch doctor has to be called in to determine the. spot (which is expensive, for' there is no free medical black advice in: Africa), because you cannot see your own bush soul unless you are an Ebumtirp •which is a rare occurrence. If this offer- ing acts well on the bush soul you get -better, but occasionaly the bush soul gives great trouble. This arises from the' "bush soul not knowing that, by exposing Itself to danger recklessly, it injures itself, as if you die it die, it dies. A man may be a quiet and respectable citizen, devoted to caution in his diet, etc., and devoted to a whole skin, yet that same man may have a sadly flighty, disreputable "bush soul, Which from its recklessness gets itself injured or killed, and causes you sickness or death. From this notion regarding the soul arises a good.deal of the respect in which old people were held among the Calabar tribes; for, however picked their record may have been, their longevity demonstrates the. possession of a powerful bush soul whom it would be unwise to offend. When the man dies the animal of the soul "can no longer find a good place," and goes mad, rushing wildly to and fro.' It sees a fire/ It rushes into it; if it sees a lot of .people, it rushes into them, until it gets itself killed, and when it is killed — finish; as M. .Pichault would say. The ghosts, of what we Europeans call inanimate things also cause inconvenience,. and like most things, living, or dead. In West Africa, they cause delay.! I and my black companions had once to sit down arid wait two and a half hours 'at a place on a fairly open forest path, because across it, in front of us, about that time in the afternoon, the ghost of, a, spear flew, and a touch from it was necessarily "fatal." And there is a spring J know of in the Kacongo district, where, when you go to fill your pitcher, you see a very handsome pitcher standing ready filleet 7,Many a lady seeing no one about to whom the pitcher belongs, has 'picked this up' and left her own; but as soon as she has got within sight of the village, it crumbles into earth, and the water is' spilt on the ground. On returning for her own discarded one, "that is always found broken. Then there are that very varied and* widely diffused set of phenomena connected with living people sending one of their souls into some animal such as crocodile or leopard to work vengeance on enemies head of witchcraft, so I will conclude by giving you the descrIption of a peculiar haunt, interesting chiefly to me because I heard one a Negro lady " one a Bantu:^ . . I give you the Bantu version becauseI . the- details' luUr- ? lm'medi- ^ly;" after; its ocurrence. She rjiad been ^"rivier'tb thetjgictory,. oiillade,b'usiaess,; and returned -home after dark to %er boriife'e, w«ll, saifefied :wlth the results ;bf ; a day's; hashing : with the trader. There was a miserably small fire burn- 'ing in the cook- house, by which her slave girls were trying to cook her evening; meal. She blew them up for haying : a larger fire, and they said the wood was wet and would not burn. She said they lied, and she would see to them later on, and- went into her living room, treading, on the way there, in some wet o.n the ground. "Those good- for-ripthj-ng iiussies of girls have been spilling some water," she thought, and when-she. ;got into lier room she found the-- hanging -palm-oil lamp "was- not alight; she sat down on her wood bed, •arid found there was a. lot of nastiness there. This was riot to be stood,; so, dismissing from her mind the corarnercial •considerations with which it was full •when she came .home, she rose up. and went torthe..door and called for —Ingimina" and others in a state of high rage. She is a. notable housewife, and keeps her house exceedingly Jieat and clean, and her slaves in. good order: so '.these young ladies, came "one time," and cuf- Jlng their lieads,' she asked- them how they , dared forget to light li^rilamp; they swore they had lit it, but it.mrist have gone out 'like air the other lariips •had, after burning down and^pluttering. * Thry had been sUtin^r' round the fire, and not bothering about it till she came in. .So she whacked and pulled the ears'of. she could—she is notVery activc. 'wc'ighing, I fancy; soirie* sixteen ,stQne—and th.fin she, weui^.to. lier .room and soijQiit beaJitifUlflEr!giisli.'paa-affin lamp,, bringing it out to the sizzling Sre to -ligbt-m ^yath a bit of burning tSticls. which, when ^he lifted-it up. she XovnivToated-. damp, stickyl stuff she hAd-^rt^nto- bfifore.ariW-jt smelt -' the ,?aine faint smell she hiid noticed as- opprossiv>s when she entered her yard. Ap soon as |;he lannvwas alight fhe sajv •4s-hkfit-wa^,"!:c.. blno'd. ,-; Blood was every\v'ipre. the rest of f fire sticks \rere cov.frecl with it; it sizzled at the iTjrhlc'l ehS's. There' VL'ere pools Ojf^it on the clcan,, sp-jicly yarjk her .bwn Vbcrn to renTd;ifr—the bed.'"tii ~~ths stools. It ran and hung in coagu- Jitea gouts doyrp- the,doorfpb|t£ , and lay on the lintel. She herself was smeared with it, having come in contact with it in the dark. She picked a plate up off the shelf, and its impression was there on the shelf in a rim of the blood. She looked in her skillet—more there. The palm-oil in the lamps had got a film of it floating on top of the oil, and investigation of the whole of the rest of the house demonstrated that things were similarly afflicted throughout. The slave girls were utterly seared when the light showed with j, , what they had been surrounded. Their mistress called in some influential friends and relations ; t'ney '"could make nothing out of it, but they said they thought something must be going to Tfapp'eh, "and"suggested, in-tbe kind, helpful, cheerful way friends ^anflL relations 'Jiave in ,suqh matters, that they should mncy : it Atal-fe. prophecy "tKafSgiie jwas tb die'-WYthout shedding bJbo&,ait that this _ was the blood come before. Tate vieH'iiri'itl^d heiv^.«she is an uncommonly commonsenj^i^j^nan, so she sent them about th&ir; business, a.nd star- •t&I;' jtlife fsW"Wes ho blood, she said, cle; " rera.p_peared.as soo! cleaned on,"however . "before rnpoBtime (''< faded jpii,. but tte s: the house for days ing.' * * The ( jright, but .. IfeJtfe'tP. She ibb^t 10 a.m., iually liflfi',about ihillH? 