The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S LILY. By Una Roe, Author op "The Mysterious Whisper." Chapter XIII. ' RING ON, SWEET ANGELES.' Of a peaceful life at last, Of a sense of danger past, Of a future left in safer hands than ours; Of a sweet refreshing dew, Falling on our hearts anew, As the raindrops fall and satisfy the flowers. —Silver Chimes. The next day dawned bright and fair. Eileen was up early, and it seemed to her that a whole day had passed ere 11 o'clock struck. Then every minute was a breath less anxiety. They saw him come, his dog bounding before him. " The dear, handsome fellow," said Mrs Hesketh. " He has not lost one iota of his good looks, and seems to have grown an inch taller. He is losing no time, as he advances with that long stride of his. There, he has his hand on the gate. Shall we go to meet him ?" " Ho. You go, Mrs. Hesketh. He has a message for you. I will come in after a little while. My heart is in a whirl. I will just wait here till you send for me." "So be it. Then I will leave you to recover yourself. I do not think Lawrence ■will let you have to wait long." And she went out to meet Pat with a song on her lips. They almost embraced, and Constance shed a few happy tears. She led him into a bright room which looked over the river, the room which Eileen most frequented, in which she had left the song that she had been singing, tossed aside on the table. " Now, Pat, let me look at .you. Ah, God is good to have spared you to your friends and to Eileen. There is no barrier now between two1 loving hearts. The winter has gone, and the spring is at hand." For answer Mr. O'Connor took up the song and read it. "It would seem to relate to my case," said he. "There is no doubt that Eileen was thinking of you when she sang it. I found her singing it yesterday." Then Lawrence tossed it down again, and said—"You are anxious to hear news of your husband. I have seen Martin." Constance clasped her hands, and her lips quivered, but she waited without speaking for Lawrence to continue. "He found me out at that house among the hills. He stayed one day with me. I am not at liberty to repeat all that passed between us; but this much I can say•- He knows all that goes on in his old home. He has knowledge of you and of Edmundin detaiL" "Has he? That is-a consolation to me, Lawrence. Did he Bay one word of coming home?" " He hag no intention of doing bo, dear lady. I failed to persuade him, and he would not Buffer me to say a word relating to yourself. He is now on his way to America— San Francisco. Before he went he paid Edmund a visit. I suppose you ■ will hear about that from the lad." And then Lawrence described Martin's personal ap pearance, and spoke of other items of interest concerning him, which the poor listener devoured eagerly. " That, I suppose, will be our last meet ing," said Lawrence, "unless I take a notion to run over to America some day when I grow rich." "There is time enough yet, Lawrence. But how selfish I always am. Eileen is here with me. I will go and send her into exchange greetings." "Come back with her, Mrs. Hesketh," said Lawrence. " I should be very inconsiderate to do so, Pat. If you are so extremely independent, Eileen may be naturally embarrassed before a third person. You know you have only to meet her at the door and take entire possession of her henceforth and for ever. She will raise no scruple to any extrava gance on your part. I should only be in the way." She said this in a bantering way, and Lawrence smiled. " I do wish you would come back with her. I assure you, Mrs. Hesketh, I do not intend to enact a scene such as you describe. We parted as friends! as such we shall meet now, I presume." " Pat, are you changed ? I cannot believe it." ' Why not? There are other maids as fair. Besides, we came to an understand ing long ago. But do not suppose that I esteem Eileen any the less, or forget what she has been to me. I read your letter with much reflection, and I thank you for your kind interest in her happiness and mine. I can appreciate your motive. Now, may I have the pleasure of an interview with this interesting young lady ? I shall be glad to meet her." " Glad to meet her! And she loves you! But perhaps I have gone beyond my pro vince, dear Lawrence, in acting as I have done. If so, pray pardon my error." "Indeed you have not. You are very good. I thank you." And he turned away to the window with out another word. Constance went away wondering. What did he mean? Well time would show. One thing was certain. He might talk as he pleased about other maids being fair. She knew right well that he loved none other. However, she went back with Eileen, and was a witness to the meeting. Eileen had her emotions well under control by this time, except that the love-light shone fro£n her eyes, and her cheeks were glowing again, and her hand did tremble ever so little as she laid it in his. And they only just shook hands, he saying " Eileen!" and she absolutely speechless. Then he went on— "How many things have come to pass since last we met. And I fear that you have been ill, Eileen. I trust that you have quite recovered." " I am well, Mr. O'Connor, I am very well, thank you," she said quickly, and im mediately reverted to his misfortunes, and asked him to teU them all about the ship week. " There is a fine shady walk under those lilacs," said he. " Suppose we three have a quiet promenade, and I will gratify your curiosity on all points. And you must say a kind word to By ley, Eileen, my brave preserver. Kate lias presented him with a coHar and a medal. The meeting between those two was worth witnessing. I do not think I ever laughed so much in my life. John Rutliford Ryley has a faithful memory for old friends. Here he, is!" as Syley bounded up to meet them, looking very im portant, and proud of his necklace. Eileen had her arms round the dog's neck the next minute, and kissed the tip of his nose, while Ryley's demonstrations would defy description. While this love scene was being enacted Lawrence and Constance had walked on, and reached the shadow of the trees. Eileen soon joined them, and the happy trio walked and conversed till lunch time. Eileen did not join much in the conversation; she still felt a little constrained. Lawrence, on the contrary, was extremely vivacious and good humored, quite free and easy in his manner, never a shade on his handsome face all that day he stayed with them, a welcome guest, Mrs. Hesketh taking care to afford oppor tunities for the lovers to be alone on these occasions. Lawrence preserved his usual friendly tone, without betraying the least evidence of any deeper sentiment than friendship. He stayed that evening. It was past eleven when he shook hands and with a kind 6mile bade them " Good night." Constance came in to Eileen's room a little later, and found her brushing her long hair before the glass. " What a blessing, Eileen, that this beau tiful hair was saved from destruction. Do you know that you have beautiful hair ? " " Ho. I do not think much about it. I know I am not pretty. If poor Bridget could see I should be totally eclipsed. Her hair is longer than mine, and her features are perfect. Kate is lovely too, but I know I am not." " Why that ghost of a sigh, Eileen ? You are not a dazzling beauty certainly, but your soft, expressive, pure-souled eyes, your well-formed mouth and broard brow re deem you from any reproach of plainness. Bridget' is lovely, like the moonlit sea— still, depths in shadow. Kate flashes upon one like u ray of sunlight. But you ! ah, you have a magic spell abont you, Eileen, that draws and bewitches, and holds captive the unwary wanderer." " "What! Am I a dangerous siren? " said Eileen, laughing. "Yes, indeed, mortally dangerous. I don't know how anyone can help loving you, especially those you love." Eileen blushed, and sat down throwing her hair behind her, and looking with a questioning gaze at Constance. " Constance, are you alluding to our late visitor ? " " Most decidedly. One reason that brought me prying into your sacred bou doir just now was to satisfy my desire to know what has happened—if you will pardon my presumption, Lalla Booke. Tell me, has the prince thrown off his disguise P Is there any echo of bells, wedding bells, in your raptured ears, darling ?" " No," replied Eileen, turning towards her friend a rather white face; " and I should not dare to expect it. I sealed my fate long ago. I deserve that he should forget me. Constance, I flung away the priceless treasure of his love, and I have lost it." There was a long silence, Eileen sitting perfectly still, and Constance holding her hand. Then Constance spoke— " Are you quite, quite sure, Eileen f" " Oh, I have no doubt. I did not expect him to greet me quite as—a—lover to- day, the first day we met. But it will never be. I can see now there is none of the old love left for me, Constance." And she spoke very low, bending down lier head till the expressive eyes and quivering lips were hidden. " You see, he was sure that I was lost to him, and he may have met another more worthy of his affections. I have no right to complain. And, Constance, do not think of me—do not stir one inch to save me suffering. He must not know that I care for him. I want, at least, to have him for my friend." "Ah, dear Eileen, I am fairly puzzled. Pat is an enigma. However, as you can submit to your fate so calmly I will say no more. Only I am sorry to miss the wedding bells. There are none so sweet upon earth. Are there, Eileen ?" "None so sweet ?" echoed Eileen. "Yes, the Angelus is sweeter. Constance, the echo of the Angelus rings in my soul still; and I think of what might have been, as one who wakes from a dream reflects on the beautiful vision of his fancies with a sigh that it was not real. And to-night those bells are ringing wildly." "Eileen, Eileen! It is God Himself who made our hearts. It is He who wills us to love, and whom to love. His hand and arm have led you to this hour, and surely He will still guide you safely to the end if you trust Him. I think you and Lawrence are made for one another. Say your prayers, my dear, not forgetting your friend, Patrick, for he needs them, and do not let the Angelus bell keep you awake." Whatever might be the cause of Mr. O'Connor's changed attitude towards his old love, he maintained it whenever they met, and this was not seldom—Lawrence having established himself in Perth once more. He now filled an office under govern ment, and was rapidly rising into celebrity and notice. He was a not unfrequent visi tor at Government House, and the May Ball was not a success without him. Eileen and Kate received an invitation to that May Ball, where Kate was the ack nowledged belle, and Eileen was glad to sink into the background under shelter of Mrs. Hesketh's protecting presence. Law rence danced nearly all the evening—it was an art he accomplished to perfection. He did ask Eileen for one of the quadrilles, but she made some excuse to refuse. Eileen never cared for dancing. She appeared to enjoy herself however, talking to pretty Miss Stanton, who had lately arrived from England, and was a guest at Government House. The two girls dis covered a mutual liking for each other on their first meeting at this ball. " What a gallant chevalier Mr. O'Connor is," remarked Miss Stanton during the evening. " Who is that bright fairy butterfly who absorbs so much of his atten tion. They have been waltzing together and are sitting out the present dance over there, just opposite to us." Eileen looked up quickly and saw Law rence's gaze fixed upon herself with an earnest regard. She felt painfully con scious and blushed crimson, but Lawrence was addressing his partner the next minute as though he were unaware of Eileen's presence. The animated partner was no other than Miss Kate. Captain Lynn came by and carried Eileen off for the next dance, found some irresistible charm about her, and hovei*ed round and near her for the rest of the night. Eileen liked him, he was a pleasant and courteous honest sailor, and his simple gallantries rather pleased her than other wise. Moreover, was he not an old friend of her dear Mrs. Hesketh F He amused Eileen with anecdotes of his travels, and took her into supper, and waiting upon her with marked attention, and curious coinci dence, Kate and Lawrence were opposite again. Eileen felt her cheek grow rosy ; no wonder, Captain Lynn was so attentive and complimentary. A little later Eileen was herself quite alone. Mrs. Hesketh had but just left her, and she was watching the dance and listening to the music with a growing weariness , of it all. It seemed that she could not keep her eyes away from Law rence, they must follow him everywhere. Now he had disappeared. Where was he F and why should his movements affect her so much P She must try to conquer this unretuined love, but it was no use. Her eyes would brighten, her pulses thrill again at his approach, and she could not banish him from her constant thought. The heart might break, yet it could stUl live on. Ah, all was changed now; the-scale of the balance was turned, it was her turn to feel the throes of passionate hopeless love. This ball had been a new trial, he had avoided her; he found more pleasure in Kate's gay society. Why not P He could please himself ; but Eileen's head ached, she would like to go home. She had for gotten that Mrs. Hesketh had left her alone, and thinking that that lady was yet by her side, she tinned, saying with down cast eyes, and laying her hand on her com panion's hand : "Constance, would you mind if we go home?" And then to her surprise she met Lawrence's grave look, and it was Lawrence's hand on which hers rested. She caught her breath. How long had he been there? She had to still the wild beating of her heart before she could speak again, and he had taken the little hand in his. " Do you know where Mrs. Hesketh has gone to?" she asked. " No, Eileen. I will find her for you in a moment." What a tender ring was in his voice, or did Eileen deceive herself? and he still kept that hot throbbing hand in his own. " Why do you want to go home, Eileen? Are yon not well ?" " Yes, only for a slight headache." " You are not enjoying yourself at this ball. You looked tired all the evening, I thought. But I will summon Mrs. Hes keth." So he must have observed her all the evening. Eileen was drinking in this draught of happiness when Bhe saw him drawing near again, and alone. *' She is engaged; I did not speak to her. Shall I take you home, Eileen ?" " And spoil your own pleasure ? No, I would never allow that. I will wait a little, Mrs. Hesketh will not be long, she told me that she intended leaving early." " As you please," said Lawrence, biting his lip. I hope your headache will soon be gone, Eileen." And he walked quietly away to speak to Captain Lynn. Eileen saw him no more on the night- of the ball. A few days later she met him at the house of a poor old woman whom she had come to visit in her illness. Lawrence was reading to the old lady, and when Eileen arrived he resigned his place and book to her, and bade farewell to the old woman. " He's a brave gentleman, God love him," said Molly, when he had closed the door behind him. " Yes, he is very good, Molly, good to everybody—but few people guess how truly good he is, he is so modest." " I know. He hides himself, my dear. And he's the gentleman that thinks a deal of you, Miss O'Neil. Just now before you came in he says to me—' Mrs. Robinson,' says he,c she is an angel of mercy.'" (To be Continued.) 