A MOTHER'S SIN; OR The Northcombe Mystery, By CHABLES QIRDWOOD, CHAPTER IX. UNDER THE FLAG-POST. To Margaret Grantham Blanche JToyle was a revelation of another world. She had had few friends, and her knowledge of Society had been drawn from her schooldays> and enoh oblique peeps into the ways of. the world aa may be obtained from a rigorously-conducted " finishing school. To this hud been added the delightfnl toar on the Continent with the Ingrams, and the walking expadition in North Wales. But She world 4f theatres, the world of Cowes, ef JSewmarket, of Henley, of Ascot, of garrison towns; of naval stations, was only known to her as « pleasant wickedness with which she had but the: bowing acquaintance which comes from reading she novels, especially the lighter flight of novels, whioh schoolgirls may buy on their railway journeys. Mrg 0»rdington subscribed to Mudie's, but : the periodical box was always kept in her bedroom, while Margaret was supposed ^ feed her intdligenoe from the hook- shelvss: in the morzdng-^oom. MrsPoyla had married a man who had money and racing and yaohtteg tastes. He had also liked te wander, and frequently took her for long voyages, because he liked to be on board x luxurious liner. It struck Margaret that there ^was a life with which Mrs Foyle dJd not appear to be acquainted — the life • ef the drawing-room, of ladies of birth and culture; and indeed, the society with whioh her husband had been able to. make her acquainted was of the rough-and-tumble type, whioh anyone -may enjoy who has money to spend on boxes at the theatre, yaohts, houseboats, hotels, and race-meetings. Sometimea, indeed, Margaret was rather shocked at the reminiscences which: Blanche poured forth^ and In something, however bright and amusing,, she was not quite satisfactory. For instance, Margaret was intensely religious—an " Anglo-Catholic " of an enthusiastic description, Mrs Foyle•* would net even go to church en Sundays, end would play comic opera at unseascnabld times; She was apparently heathen, and didn't seem to have even ra%icue :instincti " I can't think how sou can go on with' out praying," said MargaFeV palned at an emission which; soe could aot fail to notice, andiioping a serious turn to a conversation might bs fruitful or more reassuring. Mrs Foyle simply said, "I don't undertand anything about these things. You see, I was never taught how to be a good girl. My dad, lam *f raid, was as godless as lam, and my mother died when I waB a baby." " Then how were yon brought up ?' " How ? I waa not brought up at a'J. J found my own way up." " And you never went to school ?" ( < Ch, yes, to a Board school. Yoa eee, dad was horribly poor." * " Bat you did not learn languages and music at a Bsard sohool, and yon speak French well and play divinely." "No j I learnt French amongst French people, and music—weU, I Ieatnt music somehow, or other. I don't think I remeatbsr how. It oame, 1 anppcse " 1 1 And dancing?" " Oh, I went to-a dancing-school." Margaret looked at her charge—for so she had learnt to regard her—with large, round eyes. To her' the subject was a nadred one. She herself was a little too intrnspaative and Bell-analytlcal, and a chance growth, & spontaneous development, were outside the religions empiriolsm of the . devotional mannal which was her guide to character. "I do wish you would tell me your story —all'about yourself." ^ I " My dear Margaret, it wouldn't briefest you ia the least.I' W&B; born. I grew.* I| fell in love three or four times. I married. chucked marriage. These are all the* chapters." "AllVasked Margaret, quietly. " Well, nearly all the ohipters. Lstfs ge i and bathe, I tMnk I was meant for a mermaid this hot .weather/' "I'm not sure thatyeu're not a mermaid, or semethlng of the sort. You don't seem te understand what religion, or responsibility, or caie means."" "Noj nor domestic ecanomy, algebra, geology, conchology, or any other 'elegy. My education was ah&mefallyinegleofced.;" '' I don't mean that. Bat, forgive me for sayissg it, Blaaohe. You are fl married woman, and yon have done what te me seems the most serious thing possible. Yon have left yonr husband, and it doesn't seem te trouble you in the least." "Yon think that rather fishy, St Margaret?" " Don't call me * saint 1' I'm not a bit of a saint; hut some girls seem to be so different.'? " So they are. Now, I want to tell you a secret... Do you know- that there is a^delightfal-boat kept in the -cave under the cliff? I would give anything to go ont xn that best and have a swim in deep water. If only Diok were here, I'd get him to posh it down to the sea for ns." Margaret somehow felt rather glad that Dick was not there. -Mrs Foyle' perplexed her, and though her fan kept her amused all day long, she began to doubt whether this rebellious wife was the most desirable companion fer her. Sh9 determined to be very, strict with herself in regard to fche duty of self-examlnatien fer the rest of Mrs Foyle's visit. Her visit! She had been accepted into the refuge of their home until her plana might be arranged. But not a word yet had Mrs Fayle said about her plans. She ? had now been with them ten days, but Mrs Foyle had not referred to her latere, or appeared in the least solicitous about It. She went down the zig-zag path with Mrs Foyle and surveyed the Soat In the eavf. It wants aooat of tar and a couple of oara, and then wo conld use it," observed Mrs Foyle. The worst of being a woman is that you can't get en long without a man. If Dick doesn't coins back soon, L ehsdl go and makeiovei» ; the fishermen at Northcombe. It's very Ignominious to be dependent upon a man-to do things that want strength and make you dtrfcy. I wonder if a ooafc of aspinall wonld do instead of tar. Well, boat or no boat, I must bathe. This cave shall be my dressingroom." "Ihadnoides,itTTa8soIarg9,"aaidMargsret, who had not been here for many years. "It's a jslly old cave, and I daresay smugglers need to findit f>o in the old days. Let's go up to the top- and see whether the smugglers have left anything behind them/' The cave, which was broad enough at the mouth for a m&n; to sta&d; erect in it, narrowed after a few yards, and twisted in its course to the left. Mrs Foyle, leaving Margaret to sit down en a rook, groped her way up the recess, and was surprised to find that when she reached what seemed to be a projection of rook around which she passed with difficulty, <a second inner cave was reached where all was d&rkneeis;, She o«me bask to Margaret and reported her discovery, ^ . • "I must see what that second place is Uke, 4 ' she said. " Stay here while I go and get some matches. It's a splendid old oavel" • '*•... What a: estrange, oateleus child-woman she is l" moraHsed grave Margaret. " She is just like a sehoolboy home for a holiday." Than came the thought j le she good ?" Ffsoin&tlag;,; beautiful, vivacious, she eertalnly we?, but Margwet waiting s w W ? te kasra Mrs lojle w«Rt to the heuse, and the only savant ooald fiaA was Hanuan, wh-^m e^e as^ed for matches. " Matoh-'c, ma'am ? Matches at this time of day I What do you want with matches?" Old servants may be inquisitive, hnt ; Mre Foyle thought she saw more than curiosity in the woman's face. "Yes, matches! To light my pipe with, of course." Hannah gave her a box, laughing. Even she could nofc take Mrs Foyle seriously. "Tolight her pipe, indeed 1"she repealed- '•I wender what mlschle! she's np to now ? and what la the name of all that's sens'ble took m? mistress to take in this trickey bit of baggage to ge poking about in every ^corner of the place just now ! I've no : '' patience with the fool!" The "fool" wis Mrs Cardington. ' Hannah's thoughts were hardly disloyal ~ her njisfereas, for she had mors than osc^ ; called her a fool to her face. Provided with her matches, Blanche Foyle went back to the cave and once more disappeared. Then after a time she oded ont, " Margaret! Margaret ! r ' Her voice seemed a long way off, and Margaret^ followed, seeing that it was itnposalble to hold aconveraationatsuehadlatanoe. She feund the explorer at the entrance to the second cave. " This," she cried, enthusiastically, "is a perfectly oharmihg old place! I would never have ere if ted I you with keeping anything so delightJully romantic on your domain. Look!" 1 She had made a toteih of some newspaper s she had btonght with her, and now stHkl&g; a match, 6xhibited the eave with all the aelf-Bsitiefaofcion of a - showman at some blood-curdling mystery in a village fair; :: The oave was, however, by no means uninteresting. It was spacious, lofty, Ad almost symmetrical In its proportions. Un« questionably, it had the appearanoe of be* ing the effect ef natural causes ; otherwise it would have been difficalt to have explained the: power whioh had exoavated a chamber In the hard reck, of which tttwes ,: remained in its ragged wsI!b Bat It was possible that art and mechanism had been brought to the aselstanee of natare. Mrs Foyle had a stick in her hsnd and began to poke the walls, as if to show that there i was no deception, but she sudianly paused^ and screwed up more paper for a fresh - •ight. " Look here, Margaret, this isn't stone; it's wood. L'sten! Why, there's a door 5 of some sort here, diBgulesd to match the atone 1" She pushed against it with >>«r ~ shoulder. " A door !" ehe repeated, staring, at Mar^arat, "and fastened on the other 1 side. Where doss that door lead to ?" - Margarat, thoroughly interested now, looked at her In anuzsmest. "A door!' "Yes, & door, without s shadow of ^doubt, J leading I can't say where; but certainly to - some communication with your house," " Come away/' said Margaret, shivering in the obiily atmosphere ef the cave. " I do n't like these mysteries" ^ / " s "But I leve them!" exolafmed Mrs Foyle, her eyes gleaming with excitement, i It's just the delightful, creepy port of thing I love above all things. Depend i upon it," she went en, following M&rgaret; towards the daylight, "there is a glorious old subterranesn passage cenceoting this cs.ye wifea the house. Tell me, how old la .. your bouse P"' My father bought it thirty years or so , ago from the man who built it. I daiesay it is fiftyor sixty years old." " Who waa th e man ?" .? " An old sailor—Admiral Fotteisue;*' " A smuggler In ids eld age. I see it alL Your old admiral retired badiy off, »nd made friends with thQ^eipaugglers, . He tettad thls old oave,^ M& ^soooged^fironti«4 bit tergot more room. They pan ,»he up .at night, stored away - the bra^y, ;, tobacco, lace—whatever it was—iisd thih ^ ha came down and carried It up iSotA Bubterranean passage to the honae, ^id*o . drove it off to Bxetsr, or.'Zbhaon,.'brf : >?;| Bustol. - Capital l' f Mrs f oyle %ppet;her ^ hands in glee at the plausible eiplanatian ; which her -ingenuity had - hit i : Margaret, however, turned npon her.wi&\--. 1; an earnestneBS which almoat seemed fiercc- ; neEB. , "Promiseme, Blanche," she said, f r that / yon will not breathe A word about this to " anyosf' My aunt is so nervous that in weald, I am sure, make her Hi if sae * of it, It wonld set her Imagining oil sor^a ef horrors." _ " Blanehe Foyle smiled. Tnie was -the second secret she had been asked to preserve in the ehort period of her visit. Bat aha 7 ! mad<3 ao proorne. , 1 However, she was not ons to pat a matter ~ ; like Ibis aut of her busy raind, A d&y; or > two pMaed without any referenaa to the-1 discovery} bat^ H the trath is to feetold, ; she had drawn a rcugh plan,: fn whioh it was shoxn that'a communication C r xm~4 from a given point A—viz., the door in ths cave—to the point B, at the bstlem of D-—--; i the.turret Bt&iroase;, OS ths aooor«cy -; o! this plan she waa ae certain as ii she had -1 explored every step of the thirty yards or = so for which the esoret passage, te fit in with her plan, must extend. Reconnoitring : the garden, she found that the cld admfcal's flag-post was' exactly over the site of iha second cave, »nd ^tonbtless was used by him for sigaallisg purposes. She would have done well to leave ths theory thus beautifully elaborated' to abide in its tindemonstrated qompleteceaa in hsr romanfelo mind; but. tmfortunatel?, -she must seeds seek additional evidence. Margaret was unspeakably surprUed when Blanche one day at breakfast looted rather demurely at her .plate and said : "I have been thinking, Margaret, that5 Wi, onr days ought not to be entirely wasted. - I know you used to be a sort of perennial Santa Claua for the old and iofirm people in the village. 1 am tired of being £0 sridsh, m and «m going to visit the poor," " - I "What! You?' " Yes, me Is that grammar, I wonder ? I am going to Northoombe. -1 shall go to the enop and buy tea a&d; tobacco In email patcels, Then you will take me to a few ot the most rickety old panpera on yonr list, and I shall be a ministering angel with my S 'baccy in one hand and my tea in the other. ' It will be rather * lark 1" ,." Blanche, I do wish yon would be serious. Do yen really mean this?" District-visiting to Margaret was one ot tha serious things of life, and she Btttsrclly re. sented the flippant toae cf the new volunteer. "Iam in deadly earnest," *aid Blanche. " I want to help you, but I hate woollen and flanneldoles; Let mo try to give the old things something:: coinfortable, I suppose yon "wouldn't let me take some rum?" " Certainly not. We only fiive win© when they are very ill, sffeer the dsotor has ordered It. But, if you really in earnest, I am so pleased. Is is eo nice te find that yen feel for the p->or— " Ob, ef eourre. I've always had a eorfcof ides—I don't know hew—tbat, a^ the bard —wag it George B., or she other fellow ia the/ Ptak Un,M wonder well, as esse fellow seys, s The poor ie the lump is bsd' That was Teaa^ssar' corrected Margaret, brightly, uplifted a little by finding her Gdae&tfcn; &taad; by her, after t , , - ,.,. . , . Terence lo tbe others actbo*s " Tssevson! Well, pethaps you are right. Bat I have bees tbisklsg, dea't you ksow, that I ought to sea eemfctfeir-g of the poor, set in the lump—bea&sge; I don't like the smell ef corduroys te a crowded room—bis! is jtisS .a-lfew- chosen sgeeliaena, Yen will k&o;^f the to?*," M&rgmi; was chesred. AiUt all, snigsS llp^&gtfpg; Mts eszm&d; h geaaiae&nd; kfndly woman's heart under bar outward display of thoughtlessness ? Ssma good Christian people, Bhe remem> bered, will resort to all kinds of wellintentioned hypocrisy to escape being ridiculed as hypocrites by the sceptical world. "Then let ue get ready at onoe," : she said. . Blanche pat her arms akimbo and danoei out of the room. No w Margaret bad once seen a pantoniifflo, Put Blanche on the stage in the costsme of & certain fairy who danced, and the the gesture, ike very steps of this , dance out of the room, would have completely produced the effect irhioh she remembered. The visit to the village produoed equally fltrasga Impressions. Mrs Foyle was taken to three cottages. In the first lived' a querulous and rheumatic old woman, who V" : -;- rose politely as eoon&a; she saw her viaitors and awed Blsnohe by plaolng a large fam&y; Bible on the table, the significance of which action the recruit left te the regular officer to perceive. A quarter of a pound of tea brought a glimmer of a smile to the wrinkled old face. v Tfae flecondjVMfcwaB to MraPerriam, wife of the gardener at Flag-post Cettage. She was cheerful and resigned, and accepted tw0 packets—ene of tobacco for her good man, and one of tea for herself. As soon as the ladies had left this worthy person hobbled to her oapboard and produced a •short clay-pipe, and proceeded to test the tobacco for herself, and it is a lamentable fact that Perrfem never tasted the flavour of this excellent packet of " Sailor's Glory," t' - wh'ch had been strongly recommended te the banefactor by the keeper of the village store. At the third house Margaret infcro- V „ duced her friend, and then went off te pay " at: independent visit te the schoolmistreBB, v " leaving Blanche to strike out fer herself. Here wsg a perfectly ideal cottage, An (<, old fuberman of ninety roosted in a f. hSgh chair at the fireside, and was called ^grsn'dad." A oarewern-loeklng womsn, ^ ' wi& a large family of sickly children, shared C-*, fche room with him. "Gran'dad " was I, bright, and had a twinkling eye, bnt Jv Blanche was assured that he would never ba better than be was in this world, lor, ^ *'hls Etummak's wore out." There was a preposterously large black tom-cat called and a jackdaw attached to the establishment, and an occasional bark and \- r -ti snarl disclosed the presence of a small dog ? in a cupboard by the fireplace. When Mar- Z-/. garet, accerdlng to agreement, returned to \- this ootUge, she found gian'dad" with a f" long clay pipe between his toothless jm, X. The tea had beea made, and Mrs Foyle had ?7 joined the family in A cup. She had the '4»by in her arms and the rest of the children cr- - aUrcaad her, end was singing them a seng r ~ with plenty of " patter" in it, while the pT old man noided with his head and kept I:' > time with his feet. It was a pleasant but "t*; wonderful tight to Margaret, who tad T;v sever been able to obtain much influence .over this family. ' Mrs Foyle finishedher song, and promised f<~ 4o come again. %]l" 1 like them best of all," she said, as she W' -and Margaret walked away. \- ".The oldraan is very callous and in- ^ different^ &li; good advice. His son—the poor creature's husband—is an inveterate ' poacher. The woman is well enough when \- she la sober/' \- "Haver mind! I can get on there. "fc"'|<3T-6U» respectable people are too eanctimonlons, Tiieas-blaak sheep don't try to hcm- ' bug me. I shall go and see them again." §1And as soon »s the old man, assisted by ||Srf hia'soK, iiad worked through the tobacco, j»»d the tea was running shor^ behold 1 Mrs P?4 / foyle appeared with fresh Instalments/ and fg.^-the family greeted "her with smiles, This ;<tixne£hedid not sing, bataooepted a chair m jaloseto "gratfdad. 1 * " r % "S'H^YouVe lived along time V she began. £ •Ninety-cite ^ eome Martltnaaa," %.i-qsbpHtid»the veteran, without removing liis suppose?" . " Twenty year in the navy. Fifty year ; t^Z-ttiur-pid man lodked^ round the room as if fif^'aearchingfor a fitting comparison for,the .dimensions of hie memory. \- -"His memory's very good/' said his \- dangliter-in law. " Ain't it granddad !" " I ekoalsl thiafe so. Irsmembei Vaoli&rla;'s crowning." f Indeed?" {s^ *> Aud—and heaps o' things. W»cks? Y«Sj aslgKto' wreaks. 1 ' '•"•f* And the old smuggling days 3" hazarded , Blanche, carelessly. kf,' i * V Smuggling repeated gran'dad." ^^"•Oh, ay, smuggling 1" ^ ' xt I shouid thlnk'the coast about here was frf Jk&ood; one for that sort of thing Well/not amiss/' mm remember Mrs Cardingtoa'a house fjeiugbuilfc?' "Ay, the admiral's. Now who'd ha' V- - thought that I remember that place of his'n when the old house stood there? ^oe Terry lived in it. Admiral pulled her down and pi,?-,;built 1 yon place. Rum bid place it were, msreover. A lmiral he found hsr'd gotten a \- room underground, and built Iris to we: on lilfi^te t he'make the passage leading to the oayet" Wf> ''(xran'dad" looked at her in virtuous rl'ii .astonishment. "What?—the passage?" he repeated, vacantly. "Yes; there's a passage leads from the H - - cjve under the cliff to the tower/' **<Tran'dad" shook his head. He did not : ^^^^^tj^^raJa^^iSK,• • yfv*^'^ B frj, , - Mrs Foyle took out her pnrse. She seieoted a bright half-«overelgn—ane ef her remaining coins—and put It down on f; - - 'lie table at her elbow. The old man gfe J! ' looked at it, and solemnly winked at it. "'Tilda/' he said, "just you stop them y^ I obilder clatterin 5 ." jEa brandished a stlok which stood against i c „ \ the wall conveniently within reach of his | - , hand, and the whole family sheered off and gF. t went out into the street. 'Tilda did not fr move, ~ v _ - (t y on was gpeaking about a passage," he ^ " s&id;, putting out a hand and touching her f.,- dress with a long, bony finger. "Now! 'ft-"' * come to think of it, there was a passage up to Joe Terry's. Led, her did, to the oave. \- j - Admiral he builded hei walls, and put her a light-hole " "A light-hole V " Ay. I see J man do it. I'll teU ye, v ^' Go into the garden. There's a gravel walk runs east and west. Measure hei ^ ' feet from east to west. Then sprat 1 .a hole K - sfx inches deep, and you'll come on a kind % of trap door. Lift hsr, and you'll see a , .grating ; that's the old light-hole. Now I'll % -i ' tell ye about that passage. Joe Terry did a bit of trade at night " (»- "On theQ. T, T said Blanche. * ( I believe you. Uncommon handy her ^ was for running a keg or two of French !:, j. - brandy. And there's three chaps left of ns 7" as knows the secret. There 1 s me, my son ' Jan, and^Long Joe." , " And tne«'' added Blanche. •< And you, miss. And there aln t a chap I as 'a go up that passage o' night for fifty & p*un'«" LZ 'Tilda started, and a thin smile played l", r -- over her pale faoe, "Grran'dad" was \- coming out strong. 5 " And why ?" asked Blanche, "Frit. -Admiral For'seue, I've heard, Wf" ', used to run down in his scarlet dressing* gown for abalihe, but he got fri't, and five ig t They could never lay the ghost." "Aghast! ThafcV jvrand Teil me all abeutj-t/' \ V lettered vrith, . s «ad a <ihap went after sii mm i^S him up that passage, and was never heard of again. Joe, you see, ought to have given the man Christian burial, but he didn't; and one day admiral finds a bit of - sseking stowed away betwixt some rocks. He polls and $OI1B, and a whole skeleton of a man oomes out wropped up in sacking. It was the wrong-headed chap as interfered. Well, admiral, he had the bones buried in churohjard, but it wouldn't do. The chap as they belonged to see'd 'un stowed away behind the recks, bnt he didn't see 'un buried, d'ye see; And he's alios walking up and down that passage loeking for 'un. Admiral he shut down that light-hole and puttied up every chink and crack in the door; bet I reekon fce'sboxed' in there still. Ton've never gono in the garden at-night tad/heard a rambling like ? I expect he's shifting every stone in the place." " I can't say that I've heard any noissa at present," said Blanche, rising. " Thank , you for your story. You'd better pnt away that half-sovereign. Ob, by the bye, I may as well give you this. : I think it be- .ongs to yonrisom . You may tell him that 1 picked it up." She placed on the table beside the halfsovereign a large clasp-knife such as sailors commonly use. " John Scriven" was scratched on the black horn handle;; and Blanche, havJng incidentally inquired whether another family of the same name existed in Northosmbe, had -natarally surmised • that it xnnst belong to "Jan"— 'Tilda's hasband—and no other Grandfather Scriven took It np eagerly and examined it. "Ay, her be Jan's" he assented, with ft grin, "Sot down to out his 'baoea, and forgot her! Thank yon/ miss, and goodday, miss, You'll come to see ns again 1" CHAPTER X UBS FOYLE'S .SONG. " If Jaok.is alive, why does he not come to me or write ?*' asked Margaret, looking steadfastly into M'sa Ingram's faoe on the first evening on whioh -her friend arrived. "I cannot understand it. That man told me as distinctly as I wrote to you, that he had seen him on board a steamer. That must be, at least, two months ago, and! have heard nothing, Dick'lias written to me to say that nothing is know about him at the Admiralty, or at their olnb. I am afrjdd \t Is all some hideous mistake, and heis'dead, or else something terrible has happened te him in London." ' *' It is certainly strange,"said Molly. ''I oan assure you that his mother is as mucb perplexed as yon are. She began'to hope, from what yon flaid in yourlefcters, bat now she has quite broken down again.My own belief, Meg, knowing Jack as I. do, ie that he is dead, and that he was bot, seen on. beard the steamer. I think that you will be wise to leok at the matter from the wont; point of view. Now I've got to make friends' with your annt, aqd then there" is'Mrs, Foyle I I'm dying to see Mrs Foyle, after all that you have told me of her." " Yon will meet them 'both at dinner. You must be prepared to find my annt very reserved. She never care te have strangers here, and it is really wonderful how she has taken to-Bianohe Foyle." " So be it, I am going to make love to the annt. My opinion about - Mrs Foyle I'll let yen know when I have seen her. Now for my waf-paint. I'll be ready in ten minutes, Msg." Miss Ingram appeared in the drawingroom in a quiet blaok evening-dress, and Mrs C&rdington;, who W4s ready to receive her, saw nothing in the stout yonsg lady who came towards her to Cenneofc hep with the terrible Miss Ingram'of her expectations. Sb.e -certainly quailed alittle beneath the steady gaze of the jmice-itia»< btft beyond the faet that in her opinion Tier hew visitor was far too stoutior a young woman of thirty; there was nothing In her appear bat she felt greatly relieved when Ingram ^sat down, and joined - iier in a very commonplace style of conversation."' " The arrival of Blanche Foyle interrupted the conversation. " ! - ' 1 4 "Mrs Foyle/MisB Iagram" s Miss Ingram bowed. Mrs Foyle bowed, They were Introduced. " You have had a r het and dusty journey, I am afraid ?" said Mrs Foyle, languidly. Miss Ingram 'bowed, and resumed her conversation with Mrs Cirllington, leaving Margaret and Bl&nche; to talk out the time until dinner shouldi>e annonnoed. " ! UNaturaliy, Margaret, h*ving, in deSance of domestic crltioism, made a friend of a ; woman who was not conventional, and having succeeded in int'roduoine that frjlend into her house, was «onso1eusly r«gardirig herefrom-two points'of-view during that first dinner. Erst, she was, It mast bis confessed, * little afraid that Molljf might say.or-do something whioh would" beWrisidered outrd - from a sooial aspeot. Secondly, she was consumed with anxiety that Molly should show bereelf off to the best advantage, dazzta her aunt and.the other guest by the cleverness whioh ehe cartalnly possessed, and justify the/'lierb worafaip" of which she-had -been made the object.. When she glancsd across the table at Molly's strong faoe, she saw reserve and Belf- restraint clearlv defined there, and knew that for the present, at least, she need net question her friend's discretion. But Molly was not apparently inclined te pat her best self forward. She was strangely quiet and.commodplace; and only oooasionaUy by the expression of the lipB, and the way in whioh the ^irice-nez was levelled across the table, was she able to realise that instead of opening herself te oritiokm, her friend was herself in an Intensely critical hnmonr, and that the object of her criticism was Mrs Foyle. Blanche was not behaving well, S*e was laughing and talking with a freedom irhich jarred upon her, .and, indeed, she seemed to be taking wine rather too qniokly to be seemly. Margaret noted this foot with pain/ and knew also that Molly was taking note of it. Mrs Cardingfcon seemed amused at the.way in which the one guest rattled on from ene topic ef conversation to another, and also ill at ease with the other, who eat silent, or only speaking in monosyllables. When Blanche towards the end of the meal npaet her wine, and saidj " Damn!—I beg pardon!" and fell back In her chair protending to laugh off the discredit ef the situation, Mrs Cardington only stared, Molly's lipB twitched. This was! moat unfortunate, and it was a great relief to Margaret when her acnt rose and proposed a return to the drawing-room. Molly took Margaret aside. "Mr* Foyle is a trifle odd, I think," she remarked'. " By the bye, do yon happen to know. M g, what her maiden name was ?' No} all I know about her is that she-Is Mrs Foyle, and that she happens to have enlisted; Jaok's sympathy aa a persecuted woman." " It is a pity that, when she discarded her wedding-ring* she did not resume her xnaiden name. Your aunt, Meg, interests She had something on her mind. Dees she always change oolonr whenever she speaks about h6r son t" " Sheiia exceedingly nervous," whispered Margaret. "Indeed?' said Molly, quietly* turning away, and crossing; the room to take a seat near Mrs Oardlngton, 'Blanche by request went to the piano, and placed some lively music, and then sang a enrioas song. It was what is called a patter sox^i and was remarkable only for liieWhitechapeldialeotin whiohit wasexp;eaBed« :Mrfi Oardington at, its conclasion, said: *« Thank yon l" Miss Ingram tnrned her head towards the performer, And asked— "l&ve; yen the music of that eong! It is very bright, and I should like toicppy it." , 4 , I haven't it, I'm afraid," answered Mrs Fayle. "No? I waa afraid net) because it lias not been published. I have been told that it is one of Harry Walker?* great songs, and he composes his own words, and the mueic as well^ and never pablishes either. How were yen lucky enough te obtain it ?" "Oh, I picked it np, don't yon know 1" "In a muslo-hall," muttered Molly, inaudibly, adding aloud : " Hew clever of yonl. Bat then one picks np so many things in London, I thought that yen had lived almost entirely abroad ?" " Oh, that kind ef thing soon gets about," answered Blanche, carelessly, bnt with a slight increase of colour as her eyes met the fnll attack of the pinee-ms, " Hew het it is 1" she said, fanning herself with a sheet of music, "I think I should like a turn in the garden." - " A capital idea," said Miss Ingram, " if Mrs Oardlngton will not mind " Mrs Cardington graoloasly approved the suggestion; but Margaret, receiving a signal from Molly, preferred to remain indoors. She and her aunt remained In the drawing room, the one reading and the other working at some needlework, awhile £he two visitors promenaded the garden-walks by moonlight in the cool ef the Augoat evening. Tb be Continued). 