DAY OF BEST. apvekt. A 8EIMI0HI>r the »e*. W <JooK«, Boctorof All Saints', Moonta. - v' And new also tbe axe is laid unto the root of the ' trees :there*ore every tree which bringeth not forth -good fruit is hewn down and ca»t into the Are.. I Indeed bsptize you with water unto repentance.but Ho thatcoineth af er.me is mightier than 1, whose rulioes I am not worthy to boar; He rhall baptise ton ■ with tbe Holy Ghos , and with Are, whose fan la in His hand, and Ho will thoroughly purge His door and gather hi* wheat into the garner, out: be uhaff iae wUl buiii with unquenchable tiro.—St. Matt, iii., 20-12. So spake John the Baptist in reference to tho Christ and'His ministry. Joim was the . forerunner of the Messiah, and had prepared himself for hi8 mission by years of quiet moditaiion in the solitudes of the wilderness. The Jewish nation had _ reached a orisis. It had failed politically and religiously. Politically it was Under the Roman yoke, and the throne of , David had passed away. "For 400 years her prophets had been silent, and the spiritual principles of Moses' laws had l>een lost in an overgrown formalism.: Judaism as a moral and Renovating power had become uSe*" It was dead. At suoh a time God visited His pooplo, and the day had come when judgmentsnould begin at the House of God. Two children were born within six months of eaoh other; one was the son of Elisabeth, the other the son of Mary. These two_ infants were destined to start a revolution in human society. John the Baptist working from the outer, Jesus from the inner life of man. It was John's inferior duty to arouse men's attention and prepare them for the homing Christ. It was Christ's work to lay hare the hearts of men, show them the causes of moral evil and failure, and with words of divine wisdom reveal the only possible way to a new and better life. John's ministry was remarkable in its character. The man himself was full of a rugged energy, and his doctrine partook of the nature of his mind. His.words were like balls of Are falling on his hearers. They startle and terrify. In his addresses he iB as direct as an arrow, as pointed as a rapier, and he thrustB home with merciless force. He is no preacher of smooth sentences and harmless platitudes. He is the second Elijah, a prophet of fire. His mind has long dwelt on tbe misery of his nation, and with keen insight he has observed the festering corrup tions of the national life, and sees that nothing but moral revolution will save the people; that the root of evil must be plucked up and the heart prepared h— the incorruptible seed of holiness. John came not to build, but to throw down; not to plant, but to uproot. When lie oamo out of the wilderness in rough raiment, He stood before the people calling them to repentance— a decisive break from the old life. Ho de manded from them eonfession of sin. and ad ministered to them the washing of baptism as a pledge of sincerity of hoart and reformation of life. For judgment was now beginning in the nation, and let him who will nave himself from the corning ruin. " For even now," ex claims He, in burning rhotorio, "the axe is laid - at the root of the trees, and all that is corrupt and bad must fall." The words of the text set forth the fact of judgment, its instrument, its method, and its results. 1\. The fact of judgment. On this point I need say little, for the judgment of the Jewish nations stands out with over 1,800 years of history behind it. That people so favoured of God for so long had, as we may say, so wearied the Divine patience that its doom was inevitable. The glittering axe lay at the root oF the national tree, and swiftly the evil growth roust fall to the ground. A few more years from Christ's day and Palestine will be overrun with Roman soldiers, the City of Jerusalem laid in ruins, the Templo de stroyed, the people slain, soattorcd, or sold into slavery, and the name of Jew made a byword, a proverb, and reproach in the world. So has the tree fallen which brought not forth good fruit; and, says the Baotist, so shall every such tree fall j and so said Christ, and so savs the moral history of the world. The axe of Cod is bright and sharp, and wielded by Almighty power, and that axe will be lifted against every evil thing, every cor ruot institution, every bad life, every sinful action. This is the lesson of Christ's judg es ?nt—sooner or later the evil tree is felled, and left to withor or perish or be burnt witn fire. | But look for a moment at God's patience. , The axe is laid at the root of the trees. It is harmless as it lies there, and while it lies there; and while at the root of the tree it is a prophecy of judgment, it is also a promise of forbearance, and we seem to hear the prayer of an invisible pleader. "Spare it yet another year, and if it hear fruit, well; if not, then cut it down." When we look around ns we see bad lives, had institutions, and bad con- , ditions of society, and wo grow weary and despondent, and_we ask, "Shall this evil go . on for ever? Is there no hopo of better things? But we cannot forgot, if we would, that the axe is lying there, only awaiting a liand to wield it. But it is a time of God's long suffering. He waits for re- | pentance and amendment of life. Our ] Lord wept over Jerusalem, and said, " Hada't thou known the things which belong to thy peace but now they are hid from thine eyes." And again, " 0 Jerusalem, Jeru salem . . , how often would I have gathered thy children together as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, but ye would not." When the women bewailed and lamented His cruel fate as H« went to cruci fixion. He turned to them and said, " Daugh ters of Jerusalem, weep not forme. Hut weep for yourselves and for your childten" for davs of evil end great trouble are before you all. In such words do we see the divine tenderness and long-suffering. And when repentance came not. when there was no reformation, then the Divine Woodman took up the axe and i smote the tree at its roots and it fell with crashing ruin; and oh! how manv lost both heaven and earth in that fearful judgment of a highly favoured people! 2; The instrument of judgment—"Ho shell baptise vou with the Holy Ghost and with fire," This is set against any visible form or ceremony. John's baptism was but an out ward test; this is inward and infallihlo. When Christ came He brought new id»as to in en. Ho gave light and fire to the under standings of men. He baptized tbcm with the Holy Ghost and with firo. Here was a new Instrument of judgment. By it men were taken into the vcrv heart of reality. Not that this was altogether wanting in the Old Testa ment. It was then; but how sadly it had been neglected, until nothing wan left in the Jewish faith but e-rcmoniaiisrn and dead forms of religion. It did not touch the, heart or reform the life. It was I lit the shadow of a reality. It had lost powe , and men were left dead and in darkness. There is in these worde. doubtless, a nroph"cv of the. gift of Pentecost,, when the TIolv spirit, should come down as a spiritual power on the new born Church. But then Christ bad left the earth, and the Spirit took His plaoo in tho conscionoo rather than be:ore the face of men. We may use the j w >rds, howeyer, as haying full power in the. Mi nistry of Jesus, for He taught men to judge the good from tho bad, the real from the un real, the true from tho falBe. He charged the te tohera oi the people again and again with { m vking religion but an outward obsuryanoo, a ; m ire form, whilst their livos were not in , o >edience to God's law. He flashed tho light and fire of the Spirit upon the pagos of Moses a id the Prophets. He made the Old Testa mint instinct with life, and pointed out the i gross and soul-killing errors of the Scribes i and Pharisees. Their teaching was a dead j thing and evil, and as such was to be con- j nurn.id with the Spirit of burning and of judg- j mint. By- this instrument of judgment He condemned their lives, their teaching, their j Church, and their nation. But there is a wider application of this rule. It applies to every form of human life, every j institution of man—social, political, oduea- I tionil, moral, and religious. For, anything to , have a true and solid standing is to be con- j ceived. brought forth, matured, and applied according to the mind of God. And every- j thing is false which builds apart from God. | Christ was revolutionizing tho world and j giving a true and eternal basis to human life and progress. He was lifting men's minds out of the formal and conventional. By the glance of a spiritual power they wore to see how poor and unsatisfactory were the extant and accepted ideas of righteousness. We know he judged the Pharisees and found their righteousness lacking. He judged tho Scribes and ea«d that by their traditions ther had made the law of God of non-effect. He told the lawyers thai they having the key of i knowledge would neither go into the kingdom j of God themselves nor lot others go in. In i words of burning indignation ho pronounced , woes upon them for theirhypocrisyand wicked ness, and foretold the coming judgments of God. He declared the prosonco of a new , kingdom whi^h should cast down the evil of all earthly powers, and none should or could enter that kingdom but those who were born ! of tho Spirit. This was the baptism with i which the nations were to bo baptized. It ' would wash and cloanse men's understandings and their hearts, and build up tho life in spiritual power and righteousness. j The very aim of Christ's life and teaching is a condemnation of the old order. His high , spiritual personality is a robuko to the deadly : formalisms of the religionsof His day. His social teachings—man's relation to man—break down tho baneful class distinctions so much in ■ vorue 'n t.'ie p jiiticsl and religious institutions of His time. Ho taught the care and beauty of childhood, the brotherhood of man, the sisterhood of woman, care for the poor, help for tho needy, tho duty of msrey, charity, for giveness, brotherly love, and kindness. He so net these things in the fundamental laws of His k;nvlom, quickened into activity by His spirit, that no man can sincerely claim dis oip'eship with Him who disregards or tramples on those holy ideas Ho mado all those to bo living truths, and wrote thuni i.i letters of fire on the mind* of men, and b;' niem we are to be judged in our righteousness. 3\. We come now to speak on the method of judgment and its results. "Whoso fan is in his hand, and He will throughly purge His floor and gather His wheat into the garner; but the chaff he will burn with unquenchable fire." Here is another change of figure, but still carrying out the idea of judgment, but carrying it out to its final processes—separa tion, preservation, and destruction. The figure is farmliar enough. The farmer has brought his harvest to the threshing floor, whore the wheat and chaff are to he separated by the process of winnowing. There • it lies in one great heap, and there stands the man with his fan or pronged shovel to lift it up to the wind, which carries awav the light chaWwhilst the heavy grain falls at his feet. Anaso the work goes on till the whole heap bas been operated upon. Then the precious grain is gathered into the garner and the use less chaff is burnt up with Dro. Wo have throo ideas in this process. I. Separation.—*' He will throughly purge his floor." Tho word "throughly does not only mean thoroughly—it docs mean that— but there is a nearer and preced ing idea. It means to go through the whole heap, carefully, gradually, systematically. The man starts at one side of the heap and works his way through it with his fanning shovel—never ceasing till tho last shcvolful has been tossed up before the wind, and all the chaff and - wheat separated thoroughly. He went systematically through the whole of the heap to do it thoroughly. Now, Jesus Christ was the most thorough teacher, the most thorough reformer, the world has ever seen. If you begin with individual man the idea of thoroughness moots you there. For Ho asks, nay commands, that a man shall begin his life on new lines—with a now heart, a new birth, a renewed character. This in the purging of the floor. And ."St Paul says— "If any man be in Christ he isa now creature." And if you seek for the essential idea of religion for tho world you have again the necessity of thoroughness. His Sermon on tho Mount goes to tho'very roots of righteousness in all things—of thought as -well as of action— and the svstem which is bmilt up apart from His practical righteousness will lie as the house which was built upon tho sand, falling to pieces before the floods and the winds, j Separation of tho chaff from the wheat is seen : at once, for the house which is built upon the . rock of His truth stands securely amid the fury and force of all storms. This is the judg- ; ment of separation—the bad from the good, j the false from the true, the unreal from the real, the worthless from the precious. This ; judgment, by the livingi ideas given by Christ ! to the world, enters into every domain of human life; into all our philosophies, our . socialism, education, business, actions, words, ! and thoughts. Christ is thorough. He sifts | through and through. Ho begins, as the man at the side of his heap of chaff and grain, and thoroughly, shovelful by shovelful, cleanses the floor, and makes separation of that which is good from that which is had. Christianity inust make war with every form of evil, wherever found, and in whatso | ever. His kingdom is a spiritual kingdom, j and spiritual ideas rule in it, and those ideas i are destined to gain universal sway, and all ! that is false perish before them. Though we ; see not yet the all-predominant power of good, ; wo are bidden to hope for the day of universal righteousness. I At us romember that the ; shovel-fan is still in the hands of the winnower; i the heap of humanity is large, but the hand j which holds the fan is Almighty in energy and endurance; the patience and pity of Jlis heart are infinite, and He will not fail nor be , discouraged till He have set judgment in the ! earth, and turned that judgment into victory. 1 2. But besides the process of separation i there is also that of preservation. The farmer ! separates the chaff and wheat, not for the ■ sake of the chaff, but for the wheat, and I this he takes cavo of. So did Christ. ! When He came and overturned the Jewish svstem nothing that was good in it was lost. : Not one nohle thought perished. His own ! ministry was based upon the essential truths | of Judaism. Ho came not to destroy the Jaw and tho prophots, but to fulfil; that is to say, fill them full with spiritual and historic reality. So we have presented to us the Jewish idea of God, with Christ's completeness of statement. The Old Testaroont is preserved with Christ's divine interpretations. The idea of worship, lifted out of the mere lip service and cere ; nionialism of tho Jew, is placed as the highest spiritual act of man. The ideas of self-denial and sacrifice are seen glowing in the example of ; Christ and glorified in His death. There is no destruction of good in His ministry. He came to gather up the good and preserve it. But He will not have the chaff—that must be taken away for tbo sake of the wheat. He came not to destroy men's livos but to save thein. fie would take out of human life tho destroying ] clement; and for this purpose He calls on men to purge themselves from sin by faith in God, by repentance and reformation. The essential idea of the atonement is that by that act God shall destroy the sin and save the sinner. It is impossible for God to save the sin and the sinner also. It is impossible, because God's law and sin are eternally antagonistic. Christ has judged sin and con demned it in the flesh, and being condemned by Him man must condemn it too. By so doing he enters into the idea of salvation. Salvation, then, is putting away the evil and preserving the good. Evil has in itself the elements of decay and destruction, and for the sake of what is worthy in man it is to he separated from his life that he may serve God in purity. This, then, was the message of our Lord .to men. He came to conserve tho.elements of good that were in the world, that not a grain should he lost in the moral revolution whioh He introduced. And: thii Christianity does. Itretained the permanent elethente of morality and religion.-..Itsupplied men with a new pbwer for .life. .It inspired, men with hew nppep. It gave energy to fajth; prcaented'itt oohbrefce exampW the noblest ideal of life, and ' showed the relative and subordinate value of this world to the things of eternity. . It dis tinctly ABt forth the true purpose of life, .the meaning and value of the soul, and gavu man a positive heritage in immortality. Selfishness, greed, gain, grasping power, tyranny, ivorldlintss wore all unequivocally condemned as chaff—es worth notlung when the wind of God's spirit blew upon the heap that was propared for judgment. But every golden grain of truth and righteousness which fell on the heap at the feet of the winnower was stored up tor the use of man and God. 3\. There is finally the out of destruction. '"Hie chaff is burnt up with unquenchable fire." You will haVe observed from what has been said that I am not dealing with what we call the final judgment. Our Lord is here giving us His judgment of life and thought and the times in which He lived —that in the shaking of the nations there would be loss— that the chaff, tho worthless, would be destroyed. Now it is the most patent thing in history that Christianity has done this to a large extent. Old ideas, theories, customs, institutions, and religious have perished before tho power of the advent of Christ. Idolatries, slaveries, brutal force, political might, and many shameful forms of human wickedness have fallen before the ideas and prinoiples whioh Christ and Iiis Apostles preached. Christianity had in itself a destructive power, and hoary institutions, loiffr-lived customs, and deep-seated errors have ceased to be before the Gospel of the Man of Nazareth. And this spirit of judg ment, this cleansing fire, being still Gods instrument in the world, continues its work, for there aro many evil growths yet to be cut down and destroyed before tho advent of the millennial glory. Human society is not yet perfect. The nations have not yet learned righteousness. Nor have men realized fully their brotherhood with one another, nor their soulship with God. This Gospel of Judgment may surely 8]>eak to us on many things in these days. Has it nothing to Bay to us about our wide social differences, about our inequalities in rank and wealth? Has it nothing to say about the conditions whioh fill the lap of the rich with superabundance, and make it hard for the poor to get a piece of bread? Has it not a word to say about capital and labour—about the duty of wealth, as well as the honest toil of the work ing man ? I think it has, for all mon are God's children, and the rich not more so than the poor. Would ChriHt, if He were with us, justify all our social eystom? Might not licit men attend a little more to the tonchings of Christ on the obligations of wealth? And are there no faults with our poor? Are thoy always provident? l)o they always use their oppor tunities wisely? We dare not condemn all tho rich nor all the poor; but the two extremes, which igseen so often—very rich and very jKtor —show an unsatisfactory social state, and that a better state is possible; and the deadly con flict between what are called tho interests of the classes and masses is an evidence of an inequality which God never intended. If Christ has not given specific rules to guide 11s in theso things, He has given the Golden Rule for man as man,.whether he l>e rich or jtoor, great or small, and which is based on eternal justice and love—"Do unto others as ye would that men should do unto you." Any thing founded against Christ's ideal of a kingdom of life must sooner or later be burned with consuming fire, and in this God is no respecter of persons or classes. , In conclusion let mo say a word on the individual aspect of this teaching. What will be your personal loss if your life is not good and true and real? Many a man has had to regret the past. Many have mourned over a wasted life. They have lived fifty, bixty. or seventy years, and aftei all tho woary years they find out how worthless has been their life. And how muoh poorer was the world when they left it? Talk of the value of the sou! as wo mav, and tho sacredness of human life, yet we cannot resist the conclusion that many men and women Jive worthless lives. Their harvest wna a failure—nothing but chaff, smitten through and through with tho blight of sin. A tree— no fruit; nothing but leaves; and then a breath of fire from Christ's lips blasted it. and it withered away, and there was nothing to oarrvbofore Gods judgment throne but a handful of dead ashes. Yes. this judg ment is upon our lives. The fire is even now burning, testing and proving character. How do we stand? For it is well that we make sure of ourselves. If we have been making character out of worthless and destructible material, let us at once smite tho building with the fire of God, and destroy it utterly, and the destroying fire shall cleanse and save us. "Now, if anv man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubbie. Kvcry man's work shall be made manifest; for the day shall declare it, liecauso it shall be re vealed by firo, and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. If any man's work abide which bo hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work shall he burned he shall suffer loss; hut he himself shall be saved, yet so as by fire." 