NOTES AND COMMENTS SOKE members of Parliament, especi ally those - belonging to the labour party have a great objection to their parliamentary allowance being cut down. Mr. Sua sell Jones has a pro posal to reduce tbe anlaries of hon.1 members by one half, and for this purpose ho is asking tlio Assembly for leave to bring in a bill to effect his end, but there is not much chanco of his object being attained. When the business paper is gone through every sitting day, and Mr. Bussell Jones' motion is readied, some member generally belonging to the labour party gets up and says "I objcct, Air. Speaker," and so the objecting will go on until the motion comes up in its tarn for discussion, which is a long, long way off, as only one even I iug a week is devoted to private busi ness, and probably when it does have a chance of coming on perhaps some I lion, member will want to take up the whole of tho evening in moving the adjournment of the l£ousc, or there I may bo sorao other protest on which the time will be taken up so as to prevent the matter coming up. Labour members evidently think this motion is a blow aimed at them, becauso one gentleman representing a labour con stituency askod the other day whether Mr. Bussell Jones had been drawing tho whole of his allowances, thinking to get back on Mr. Jones this way. It is impossible to say what tho ex penses of hon. members aro, but we think that they cannot mount up to £<j per week ; therefore, in times of retrenchment members should be will ing to fall in with tho general rule, and have a portion of their allowance lopped off. # . . It is necessary to occasionally point out to those who are such great an tagonists to our frootrade policy that freetrado is not that evil thing which destroys our industries, throws our workers out of employment, and makes starvation wages for those who aro lucky enough to have work. It was only the other day the second instalment of the Dibbs duties were taken off candles and kerosene, and what do we find taking place to-day ? When tho present Government came iuto oflico an enterprising firm at Hartley proved to the country in the face of the prophesies of tho protec tionists that it was possible to run a manufactory without any bolstering up in the sjjape of advalorem duties. That firm, which was then only dab bling in kerosene', went in for tbe manufacture of candles, an industry which according to the protectionists was going to give up the ghost when freetrado ruled. The latest informa tion wo hear about this industry under freetrade is that tbe denand for tbe locally mode candles is greatly on tho increase, and that in order to keep pace with tbe growing demand for kerosene, the refinery has had to be kept going until 10 o'clock at night during tho past month. The freetrade policy does not seem to bo putting men out of work. # # . It is astoniBhiug how the members of tbe Opposition will every now and again try to trip up the Government, and how in tho attempt tbey generally " fall in " themselves. It will be re membered that just before wheat sowing tho Minister for Agriculture, at tbe request of country members, and in consequence of tho failure of the previous grain crop, consented to give seed wheat to distressed farmers, but this wheat has to be paid for when opportunity offers. A great many people were glad to accept tho offer of the Government, and did so. One of the fiist persons to make applica tions on behalf of his constituents, and very rightly too, was Mr. Bose, the member for Argylc; but Mr. Rose must evidently have forgotten this when be, during tho financial debate, tried to show that tho Minister had been doiug something very wrong in purchasing this seed'grain- However, the Minister was equal to the occasion, and showed the House how Mr. Jioso was one of the first to ask for a supply of seed wheat for tho farmers of his district, and Mr. Boso said no more. # # # By fits and starts the protectionists go in for what they call having a demonstration, apparently for the purpose of showing how weak their torces are; for those demonstrations generally consist in one member of parliament holding restrictionists' views going out into one of tbe suburbs of Sydney and speaking to a mere handful of persons, whose curiosity as a rule takes them to the corner of a street to hear what is going on. They havo been having one of these so-caiicd demonstrations at Bodfern, and the object as stated wu to inaugurate a newly formed protectionist association. It seems that the old association, like many which preceded it, diod a natural death, because no one took any in terest in it. And so a few people rolled up to this inaugural proceeding, but the public refused to grow enthu siastic, and the meeting fell as flat as the policy of protection itself; and there is no doubt the newly formod association will struggle for a little while to keep its band above water, and then follow in the wake of so many associations formed by this pro tectionist body. * # # In his report for the month of June the superintendent of tbe labour bureau has a great complaint to tnako against the single men. It will be remembered that only a short while as»o the singlo men went to the Go vernment and pointed out that undue preference was given to married men, but now it appears the single men ] will not accept work, and when they { ' do accept it they throw it up in a fen days. Independent of the fact that a married mau lias others dependent upou him, we can understand why single men are, so to speak, iguored when work i<t found. Mr. Creer states that a few weeks ago 20 stone breakers were wanted by a contractor at Kiatna, who oSered 2B per cubic yard, and after some trouble 19 single men vere found willing to accept the work, and were sent to Kiaraa. The men were supplied with hammers by the contractor, and five of them "cleared out," taking the hammers with them. Mr. Crcer complains that when work is found for single men in the country they abandon it after earning a few shillings. 