OUR PRIZE STORY COM- PETITION. THIRD PRIZE. THE HOUSE BY THE RIVER, [BY M. Gahd.] Although ghost stories are quite the usual fare at home, we do not often come across them in Australia, but I had a veiy queer experience Ia6t Christmas eve. Whether supernatural or not, I cannot tell, and I am not going to attempt any explanation of it. I can simply relate what I certainly believe I actually saw and heard, and you may judge of its character yourself. I did not know Mr. Trent, of Barook Station, personally, but he and my governor were friendly, and he had invited me to come down for some shooting whenever 1 felt so inclined, so a few days before Christmas I went down to Barook with my gun and baggage. Mr Trent wasagloomy looking old fellow, with a stern mouth and deep, grey eyes, and although he was very kind to me did not like him much. He had comfortable place at Barook, with everything in perfect order. All the servants were men, and there was not a woman about the place. His only friend seemed to be an old man named Walters, who had been with him for years, and they were not at all alike in character, for Walters was very quiet and goodnatured, and it seemed to me that he regarded his master with more pity than affection. Mr. Trent did not shoot himself, bub he sent a boy out with me, and we had very good sport. On the afternoon of the second day, as we were coming home, along the river, I saw, some distance ahead of us, a large house at the bend of the river. I was rather surprised, for it was only thvee or four miles from Barook, and Mr. Trent bad told me that. His nearest neighbor was : ' ten miles away. •'Whose place is that?" I asked of Tom, the boy with me. " The boss's," he answered laconically. " Mr. Trent's? But who lives there?" " No one." I was, to say the least of it, astonished, for, as we came nearer, I could see that the house was much larger and better than the one' at Barook. It was surrounded by a large' garden, and was in a splendid position, above the river. " I wonder why he left it,'' I said aloud, " It's a pity to see a place like that neglected." " Don't know," said Tom. "No one goes near it, and they say it's 'aunted.' I wouldn't ask the boss much aboutit, if X was you. He doesn't like to taarof it." . I nodded assent, and we went on our way, but I could not help thinking of the house by the river. There wa? Jan air of mystery about it, and I determined to explore it at the first opportunity. Next day was Christmas eye, and at breakfast! more silent ap^gfe^ottM^er, fptpwever, I told him Mat wnUe l was in the bush, I should like' 5 td tiy a ' night's camping ^angt fasked him if he . woiiU, Jpind, that night. He brightened upat; this, and seemed quite glad at die thought of gettingtidof and tackle to tay someiishing.ahd saw : niy buiidle made up, with a billy and , provisions ^iai^iido i staited- off^foriwirT^y^B^w^^'^tt wfeni^a^good Mck of the run. Cpoangi iwplie Mft me up the river,|i|pflf wfinj; h&&e; Mth the trap., jAs s^ni.as^he was out of slght .... garden. The gatecreaked on its hinges trailed along the ground, and there was a thick carpet of dead leaves on the floor ; it was so sheltered from winds that they evidently lay undisturbed from season to season. The windows and doors were dim and shadowy, bat wlien 1 wentto the front door and pushed it it opened heavily, I found myself inadarkbarehall. There was nothing but bare walls and floor, covered with dust and cobwebs, and into every room I went,.it was the same. Some were large and some small, but all were empty. All except the last' I entered. It was at the side, and when I opened the door I. was astonished to find myself in a completely furnished room. It was long and low, old mouldy curtains hung at the windows. . The coverings of the furniture were faded and dusty, and the carpet was mouldering away. There were pictures on the walk, and between the two windows was a piano, with its lid open, and the dust lying thick on its yellow keys. The rooms seemed to have remained just as some one left it years ago. There was a queer feeling of mystery in the atmosphere ; the hand of death seemed over all. It was growing dark, and I turned away, and went out. Instinctively I closed the do»r gently, and walked softly, as if afraid of disturbing someone, although I knew the house was empty. Down by the river I made a fire and had tea: then took my rod, and went down to the water • to. fish, but -I could not shake off the queer feeling which had come over me in the ghostly house. The river flowedby in a lazy sweep, for it was low. The moon was rising, and the bush began to grow very silent The tall trees gleamed white in the moon light, and the water, except where dark stiadowslay, was silveryandshining. From the distance a curlew's long wail at Inst broke the silence, then others joined, the weird cries rang mournfully together in the night. Then a magpie began to warble softly, and the long-trilling and rippling of its song echoed across the water in a wonderful harmony of sound. It was very beautiful and weird alone in the bush at this'hour, and though I did not catch a fish I did not regret coming jout, The hours went on, and at last I prepared to camp by rolling myself ': up in a rug under a tree. I fell asleep looking towards the old; house, and wondering what was the mystery about it. don't kDow how long I had been sleeping when 1 awoke suddenly. The moon was at its height, and the long, white grass lay in a silver light. My eyes turned towards the house. I started up on my elbow. Coming towards the river was a figure in white. It was coming 6lowly over the silvery grass, slowly under the shadows of thjs trees, but steadily onward to the river. Cold with horror, my eyes were riveted upon it. It was a woman's form in along whitedress^ iand her hair fell in a dusky shower behind her. She -passed close beside me, and I saw the face in the moonlight. It was deadly white and miserable, and the dark: eyes were fixed on tjie river with an awful shadow intheir depths. She stood, near xpk, looking at the river, with her hands clasped. ^Then a mban broke from her white lips. Her arms were stretched out b^eechiiigly to the' : river for one moment; then she- turned and went swiftly towards the "house. Drawn by some horrible force, I. .got up ,and followed.- She 'went on before me into >tbe old garden, an<l:rouiwltbesidepf the moonlight fell through thedusty win,, dow^ hut whiete dark. I cotild see the form of the wdinaa ^ dow^ ^where; the old pianoetopd.; A face was haggard. I saw him stand in the moonlight and look around, but could not see the white figure. He turned slowly away, and sitting down at a table laid his head on his arms and groaned. It was a sad sight, and how long he sat there I know not, but as I watched seemed to see the face of the woman gazing at him. At last the old man raised his head. The white, reproachful face leaned nearer, and he saw it terrible cry broke from his lips, and he rose wildly. Theu all grew dark around me, and I saw no more. It was morning when I opened my eyes. I sat on the sofa on which I had fallen and. looked around, I felt quoerand giddy, and had to own to myself that I had fainted. The room looked the same as it had done the day before, but there were marks on the dusty table where Mr Trent's arms had lain. I went to the piano, and the dust lay undisturbed upon the keys. I touched them but they only rattled, there was not a note of music in them. Could what L had seen and heard be a dream ? was too confused to think much about it, and went slowly out of the house and down to the river. I made up my bundle and walked the four miies to the station. The first person I met was Tom, who was evidently struck with my appearance. Had enough of camping out, sir ?" he asked with a grin. " Quite," I answered, and went on to the house. . Walters met-me as I went in. "Is breakfast ready ?" I asked. " Yes, sir, but the master not coming out. He is not very well." "I am sorry to bear it," I said, but I did not wonder. I did not see Mr. Trent that day, nor indeed again during my visit, for I left early next morning. It was a very long, gloomy Christmas day, but in the evening I went out to have'a yarn with Walters. After a few ordinary remarks I went straight to the point. " Walters," I asked abruptly, "why did Mr. Trent leave thathouse by the river ?" Walters looked at me. " What do you know about it ?" he asked sharply. «I know too much for my own comfort," I answered, and then' I told him all about my strange experience on the previous night. He listened silently. When I had ended he shook his head sadly. "Ah ! well," so you've seen her too.! He sees her every Christmas Eve.' A pause, and then he went on. " I'll tell you what few here know. Years ago Mr. Trent was married. He was always a strange, hard man, and she was a beautiful young lady. They lived at the house by the river; after her death he left it, and never goes near it but on Christmas eve. Oh, it was a gloomy life for her, and he was cruel hard to her, poor dear, and one Christmas eve, long ago,: she was found drowned in the river. They said it was an accident, but didn't I sen her there in the->nioonlight, and didn't I hear her cry as »hp threw ; herself in ? She was dead'iwhW 1 gbt' to her, and there, with her lying dead on the bank between us, I cursed him, jand .told him he killed her. I was sony for all that I said afterwards, for the remprse and the sorrow«earlrilled him. -He goes -there Ghnstmaseve, atid he comes back pc^r deaj^ each time! I don't know, fcrachalajpt ghosts, but—," and the old; ijnan shook his head sadly. Wait here f imnut^ Wd pi show yoiu her pijpture." Hecameback in a few moments, with stttiriidj ijjgd&cjtoto; inlii^aiiL : vl took of the woman I jbi^i i feeen by the nver." • '1'.-"''"" S [THEEND.] The ^retaiy vof tfie B6dd^Nbr£hi fcSjfc h«iB informed^ . __. itopwi/garsteamferDrummondCastle, states that the cap^niand hiB.officers 'were on the bridge£t,the /tuneirfifl^lh'jMBj^^dand Theshareholders in 