The Unseen Made Visible ? .t ^ ? ?— {Bv Ernest Kavenc.l HEN I first knew George Redman he was an ordinary pleasure - seeking man of the world, with an Indepen 'r dent income, which afforded Wrn tie ?mMTM p?}d oppor tunity- to indulge in occasional fads. Photography was one of them for a time, but of tected when the novelty had worn off, and, some thing else, hiking probably, took ite place. For a week or two he dropped out of his usual haunts, end Sie was often sees in ?familiar intercourse with an aged man, who^was reported to be either an anarchist or a lima tic. lunatic or not, he was a man -with a striking faoe and wonderful eyes. . The eyes of a visionary or an enthusiast, but certainly not of one deficient in reason. Gradually Redman with drew hiTnsplf. more and more from Ms old friends, and, not having seen him for same time, I ventured to call at his rooms one night. - He was at home, and did not seem quite pleased at my coming. How ever, as we had always been close friends, I did not take any notice of it, and accepted his half-hearted invitation to stay. His old friend was there, and was introduced to me as Mr. 'Whitleaf . For a time our conversation turned on subjects to which the old man paid little or no attention, but kept me under a steady fire from his eyes, which made me feel most uncomfortable. Hie gaze did not seem so much concentrated on me as on something near me, giving me the uncanny feeling that he was looking at something that I could not see. I was relieved when the changed hie gaze, and spoke a few words to Redman in a tongue strange to me. Whatever he said, Redman seemed greatly relieved, and his manner towards me altered at once, he became quite mnriiRi o-nrl lilre life, ^u ^.if 'Did I tell you I em going in for photography again?' he asked. «?—?'»* 'No; you know I have not seen much of you lately.' . 'Well, it is a new phrase of photography that I am studying, or, rather, what I fhope will prove a new phase/* 'Some further advance oa the X rays businesB?' 'Quite the opposite. The X rays have developed a wonderous future, but what T hope to arrive at is something far different pnft Sar higher.' I noticed that Redman was beginning to get ex cited, and the old Tn»n interposed. 'I will tell your friend,' be eaid, in a dear and singularly fascinating voice, 'what is the goal we aim ait — Listen.! I have known for long, that the air around us is full of invisible and impalpable beings. Beings I must call them, tar want of a better »ord, but what they are, cannot be explained by that word, for they are . not — and yet they are. They exist— but yet have no existence; they are terrible in thedr powerr-and yet they have no power, for they, too, are swayed by an overmastering will. We ore their slaves, and their maeters. In tT»i« room they are mustering in force, even as we sit here; I cannot see them, but I feel their presence, and know by eure tokens that those that have ac companied you into this room ore not inimical to us, therefore I told Redman that we might speak before you. Trifften again! You may eearch the universe with the most powerful telescope that the genius ?w*. mnu naj ui. v^j4j^u.j jvu «^i ? » LAeUJli. UUnil 'ifj tut) uttermost bounds of infinity almost, the last wander ing sun; and tihe plate of the camera when exposed will give others, and still others in illimitable - spheres beyoad that the human eyes cannot eee. Why is this? Why should the wonderful power of ?the camera, be able to do what the trained eyes of men cannot? Why can it eee through the living flesh and record on ite surface, the bone it seas beneath? Because it has power beyond our feeble strength, because it can track out the stars hidden Jn immeasurable 'distance, and make' then! visible to us. And it, too, when we have found the right method to use it, will seize these unseen forms that surround us, and reveal them in actual shape. They are amid us and around us now in countless num -beiB, but we move through them unknowingly and unwittingly, and yet they, too, are fraught with all the powere of good and evil that sway the human heart. 'That is the work we are engaged in now, and, if we succeed, we bridge, at one step, the gulf between the known and the unknown, the seen and the un seen, that has existed since matter was formed from chaos.' In bis excitement the old ttmti had arisen from his chair, and, with burning eyes and eager hands, em phasised his speech, as though he actually saw the formless beinga he spoke of hovering in the, seem ingly empty air. 'It is true, Cameron,' said Red man, after a pause, 'I have been studying the matter closely, and am now aeeurred of the existence of these invisible companions crowding the space that surrounds us. Why am I assured? Because we have attained 'a iwrtifl? success. Dindy and indis tinctly; constant experiments with the camera have .given us some results. I will show you them to morrow. Why should it not be? The bones of the body are no longer hidden from view. The stars shining in the immensity of space, so distant i iith. iiuir voiizKKAp±n3 in nrv us ''?» uieill, icvou Lucaii selves on the plate. So will these invisible beings in time, and I tell you I dread the day of our triumph.' 'Why so?' '?Why so? The Gorgon'e head that turned the rash onlooker into stone will be as nothing to what the? man is doomed to witness who first solves the. dread secret. Do not suppose these forms will be human; they will be the embodiment of the good and evil passions, of those that have passed before; what awful shape they will take I cannot guees— something so fearful, that the firat gj^nee may blest the eyesight of the man who looks. But others may be bene ficent and blessed.' 'But, surely you are not reviving the old jugglery of ghost photographs?' 'Pshaw! We are searchers for the hidden secret, honest and straightforward, not shuffling charlatans, gulling a foolish public. But come to-morrow, ana see what we have done. Don't talk of this, out side.' - I rose and took my leave, for it was nearly mid night, and as I walked the almost deserted streets I seemed to be haunted and followed by a ghostly company of horrible phantoms. Horrible', because I could not guess their shape; awful on account of their impalpability.. They thronged around me, and shed thedr unholy influences on my sleepless pillow for the remainder of the night. I had taken -the first rash step into the forbidden, and waa suffering the penalty. ? , ? ? The nest morning I went to Redman, according to my promise. He took me to mis gallery, which had been enlarged and improved since' I saw- it last, and in it we found old Whiteleaf working nmnngpt some chemicals. 'I promised to show you how Bar we had got,' said Rodman, opening a locked drawer. 'Look at this.' It was a large photograph of the interior of an empty room that he put into my hand, but at first I could see no more than that. He smiled slightly at' my openly' shown disappointment, and, taking it from me, placed it on a frame, and bade me look through a splendid magnifying glass fixed above. Then I eaw. I aaw, and I did not see. The room stood out in bold perspective. It was empty, and it was not empty. Shadows obscured the light from the win dows, where no shadows should have been. There were ^xes, of that I am certain; such . eyes — eyea that., could kill with &' ate nee if one only saw them plainly and clearly. The empty room was full — full of beings without shape, without form, but stamping their invisible presence there by a way that was felt and not seen. As I looked, en tranced, I prayed that I should not see them, for the mere thought of the possibility brought cold terror to my heart, and the HTnpnpaa of death to my limbs. 'I/tok not on what Is forbidden,' was the mandate I seemed to hear, as by an effort I turned away, shuddering, and caught my friend's arm. 'O, they./ are tbhsre!' I gasped, 'the awful one. Seek no further. Wan must not eee their shape.' 'They are there,' repeated the deep voice of Whiteleaf. 'Aye, and they are, here.' T covered my eyes with my hands, and tried to forget, while every nerj»--end fibre shrank with dumb terror. .-' '/? : ^'Dook again,' «aM Redman. \ ? . I could -pot refuse, -though/my whole befog revolt ed at the ordeal. I looked. He; had changed the photograph, and now I gazed on the sea, calm, motionless, and lifeless. And as X looked, there gradually grew on me a monstrous horror. It was not in sea or sky, but it was there. A-momentary resembladbe of evil — evil made palpable, such evil as man could not conceive, could not execute. The maniac homicide would have recoiled, shuddering from the mere suggestion of it, «nd died, shrieking with terror at ite presence. And the awtiil thing was still not there an form and fiubfitKnne, only in its dreadful influence. I withdrew my eyes, and eat down on a chair. 'Can such things be about us?' I asked. 'Do you not now know .that they are?' !'But why seek to' make 'them, visible when -the vision wduld'bring madness?*.' : / * ? ''There ^may be more': beyond— 4here Is more beyond,' said Redman. 'took at this.'- -He, changed the picture. . ' .'. . - I hesitated. '...'''.'' . '? ' - - -?'Nay,; it {will restore. your, courage.' ? , .''jOnce niore I gazed .through 'the glass. It 'was a bedroom, and on the bed lay a corpse composed' for burial. Slowly ttere stole jayer iae a woUr derftfllTfeeling of peace, ^f eve^flastlngfh^pinesa;! I strained my gaze to and out what caused It, |6r; it seemed to me that if I once succeeded in seeing that benign presence I should sorrow no more. Joy eternal would be mine. All my former fear and horror vanished. 'They are gods in good and evil,' I said, as I looked up.. 'Will you ever rest till you see them?' I went on, forgetting all I had said be fore. 'Never!' said both the men together. , I became now as infatuated with their prospects of success as my. friends were, though I could do little to help them, and circumstances called me away for six months. When I returned I has tened to see Redman, having learned from! his let ters that a discovery was shortly expected. I found Redman and Whitleaf waiting together, and ' learned that I had just arrived in time to witness the success or failure of a trial they -were then making. The plate was. even then exposed in the gallery. Both men I could see were in a condi tion of strongly suppressed excitement, and when at last the' time expired Whitleaf proceeded to the gallery alone, under some pre-arranged agree ment. Redman paced up and down, repeatedly looking at his watch. 'He must have seen by this time,' he said at last, and as he spoke a cry thrilled through the hcuse and pierced our ears — a cry for help; a cry of terror and horror, indescribable overpowering horror, so great that you felt your heart stand stili, paralysed and aghast. We rushed to the gallery. 'Whitleaf lay on the floor, with stony eyes and bloodstained mouth. He was dead — dead, with wide open eyes that spoke still in silent testimony of the death he had died— killed by the shock of seeing what man should never see. With a shuddering hand Redman closed the eyes that had seen more than mortality is allow ed. There was black blood on his lips and white beard, and seemingly it had welled' from his mouth. The plate had fallen from his failing grasp, and lay on the floor, broken, pulverised, and ground to powder — by whom? Redman said little; he seemed stunned and be wildered at the terrible power that had shown it self. There was a medical examination into the cause of Whitleaf's death, and the doctor certi fied it was caused by sudden stoppage of the heart's action. I had a chance to go away again, and gladly accepted it. I was cured for a time of any desire to pry into such fearful mysteries as Redman's pursuit seemed to lead to. As for him, blank disappointment had fallen on him. I know what his thoughts were: what use was it to make absolute this fresh discovery of science when the success of the{ experiment meant the death of the investigator? And yet I could eee he had an irresistible longing to see the sight that had blasted Whitleaf's eyes for ever. I urged him to seek travel and change. I did not see him again for more than six months, and then his mood had greatly altered for the better. The gloomy effect of the catas trophe of Whitleafs death had disappeared in a great measure, if not entirely; and, above all, he had fallen in love with a young girl, who both in mind and body seemed in every way fitted for him, and worthy of the utmost affection. Yet this fair young girl, who was devoted to my friend, was the means of plunging him back into the blackness of madness. One day I met him with, his fiancee and her mother, going to lunch at his rooms, and he in vited me to accompany them. During the meal b.is prospective mother-in-law asked him if he ccsittauefi his photographic pursuits. He an swered 'No,' and the old lady, prompted Nby the devil, proposed that he should take a likeness of her daughter, and to my surprise Redman con sented. The gallery had been locked up since the fatal day of Whitleaf's death, and Redman led the way there, and unlocked it. Dust lay thick everywhere, and the place was close and unplea sant, and I, for one, felt the evil impression of it. Redman placed Miss Torrance in position, got his apparatus ready, and took her likeness in two or three different attitudes, then leaving the plates in the dark room to develop at another time we left the room, I, for one, glad to get away from the place. Next morning I went to call upon Redman, and to my surprise and grief found him sitting in a lourjge haggard, wild-eyed, desperate, and half mad. He looked like a man after a long drinking bout, on the eve of delirium. 'Good heavens, Redman! What's the mat ter?' I asked. He turned his awful eyes on to me, and spoke — 'I have seen them, and live.' With the words came back to me the old thrill of cold horror, and I looked at him without an swering. He spoke again with an effort — 'I disclosed those portraits I took of Miss Torrance, and there was one,' here his voice dropped, 'that must have been on one of the plates that Whitleaf and I prepared- They were there!' He stopped, and leaned back with the beads of perspiration standing on his forehead. Presently he arose, and asked me to come with him to the gallery, 'Not to see that,' he hastily added; 'it is utterly destroyed.' We entered the gallery, and he brought me the negatives. I held them up to the light, and look ed at them. They were all happily caught, one in particular, in which she was seated leaning mother have smiled at a child at her knee. He selected that one. 'It -was almost in the same position as this,' he said; 'and when I looked on it, but for an in stant, I saw the horror there. Seated in her lap it seemed to be — that awful thing of loath some evil! And she smiling down on it. It was but an instant I saw it, and then it was snatched from my hand, and ground into powder there. He pointed to a place- where some frag ments lay. 'Snatched from your hand?' I repeated in amaze. 'Yes; I know no more. When I came to my self I was on the . floor of this place, with the mooil shining through the glass overhead. Fancy, in one moment all my happiness cast to the winds. Can I marry that girl knowing that she sat there smiling and innocent, and in her lap a being of hell, a vile monster that could slay humanity with- its basilisk glance if it were per mitted. _The raging torment I passed thsyt night, for that one glance has cut me off from my fellows for ever. Would that I had died like my poor friend!' 'What was It like?' 'Like! How describe what human language is not capable 'of describing? How describe what is so far removed from humanity, so utterly be yond and apart from; it that no words of mine can make you comprehend it? One thing only I saw, and that -was, that there were eyes in the mon ster— -eyes that were darts of death. -Ask me nothing more. This marriage once broken off I will leave this.' The marriage -was broken off. Redman's strange and sudden and unaccountable change of manner led to not unjust suspicions of Insanity, and Miss Torrance never knew the frightful secret. ' He; poor fellowy wandered through the world a haunted man. Tmet him a year afterwards. He was worn down with grief, and I' doubt not his brain was disordered. Morbidly his imagination dwelt continuously on the unseen horrors by which mankind are surrounded, and unconscious ly -walking amongst He shuddered ..at the men tion of photography, and kept himself almost en tirely shut up. At last a change took place. It seemed as .though, he mustered up a despairing ^courage to' meet and fight his unseen foes. He resumed his photography, and avowed to me his intention of following his discovery to the end, giving his life tcj.it. .There was a large public gathering, and he tdd me that he would try nls next experi ments there. He asked me to call on. ft*™ the day after the function had/taken place. - It was in the. morning that. I went, and found the servant relieved to see me. Redman was locked in his photographic gallery, and about half an hour before -they had heard a loud fall in there, but no cry ; and 'since then all their knocking and calling had received no attention. -Suspecting the worst, I hurried to the gallery door, and at once forced it. open. .Redman was, as I expected to find 'him, dead on the ground. He had been writing at the table, when a heavy iron rod, one of the supports of the glass skylight, bad fallen, with no apparent cause, on his head, killing him instantly.- The photograph was in minute splin ters and- powder on the floor; but the writing on the, table was addressed to me, and I immediately IHlVjm i Inn nl II It ran as follows.-— 'I took the photograph on the prepared plate, and developed it this morning. So strung -were my nerves from - the constant contemplation of this subject that . I contemplated the negative without more than a momentary spasm of terror. Would you believe it, that the large crowd was scarce: to be ~s'een;i blotted .out and hidden by the. unseen creatures, now made visible.. I had not more than, time to take in. the- details, ?when it was again snatched from my hand, and crushed to atoms. This' 'I anticipated. ? I had noticed the plate well Ja; that i brief glance I caught and saw what I had-seen before, that the eyes I told you of were directed, against me from all quarters, and I gather from thai that thepe beings are only secure in their invislblilty, aid fear their discovery. Are they the source of all evil, restrained and limited in their acd%lljy iieoccasional/presence. among: them of a .Suprjane 'Bi-yr?r, omnipotent and jbene ficent?' It may -be - so, and ibey' SElink fronibe Jtago1»seryedy V^W^ another planet -woria? n they stio^C^ouldtihey biconie -vlslble- JUfce Jnen? I hayeseen. th«n and ? live; and '!es£ \£^Unsr^oJ|fi^iui^ln4|»?ia^ -t: will leave you, Rupert Cameron, directions to fl prepare the plate, so that my secret will not be I lost. ? 'In ihe first place, you ? ' H — * * * * ? Here the bar had descended, and a splash of B blood andta blank were all that was left. The I terrible and fatal secret had not descended to me. H 