A WEIRD STORY. TOLD BY A DEEP-SEA ENGINEER. " XIullo, Logan, Kind to mo yoirvo picked tip. Hero's .Mr Dnnvore— lie's fond of pnylnj? us n visit down liere." I hnd just got Into the enslnerr>om of the Ocean Monarch, Iwund for Cape Town. I was the second oiibi- neer, and hnd come aboard a week ago prnrcely recovered from n low fever. This was mv first appearance, and the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr Danvere. one of the pussen- gore with whom I had made great friends, smiled. "Sen air does wonders," said he. "I suppose I hnd better depart In peace?, as you, too, will have plenty to do." "Oh, no hurry,'' said Patereon. "You know we shipped some fresh stokers, Logan?" Yes— two," I answered; "how do you find them?" "I have no complaints." I opened the door of the stoke-hole and looked In. Danvers put his hend In behind me. He always said the great red eye of the tin? had a fascination for him. The furnace door was open, and one of the men was flinging on coals. The hot glare of light fell on him as he moved backward and forward. lie looked wolrd— terrible. I turned back linstlly to Patereon. : "Who Is the third man?" 1 said. "Third man." What do you mean 7 What's the matter, Logon, you are quite white?" "There nro only two men." said Pan- vers, following inc back iuto the engine- room. We heard the clang of the furnnco door. 1 looked from one to the other. I felt seared. I suppose 1 showed the feeling, for both men seemed concern ed. ( "Three?" I said. In a curiously ques tioning voice, as If I were not sure of what I had won, "Thompson (that was the stoker who had been with us for years) "and the new men— 1 don't know their faces." "You'd hotter go to the doctor again," said Patereon. "1 was In there live minutes before you cnim?; there were only Thompson and llolker, one of the new hands there; and nobody has gone In since." "You see double, Logan." said Dan gers smiling. 1 was silent. Nothing could have been easier than to return to the stoke hole and there and then sotUu the mat ter; but I had a sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange rial tigure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later, It seemed pro bable that Hie others were right. The fierce light might produce all tun inter of effects, and the third man had certain ly looked shadowy enough 1o be only on optical delusion. But the second time I saw llolker was In broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers' cabins, and again there seemed someone behind him— an other man: a filmy shaM>, and yet dis tinct. I fell paralysed. There was no thing remarkable about the stoker, lie was a quiet man., rather "close" with his males, and, therefore, not' much liked; but we engineers found him a good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging nbout me: yet I felt strong and well, slept soundly, and ate as only n con valescent can. 1 took to watching llol ker, although I had u horribly nervous feeling about him. I asked Patereon and the third engineer If they saw any thing odd nbout the man. Nothing at all, they said. Couldn't they see, I thought, that something always Iwlilnd the stoker that wasn't a likeness of him. Whenever I saw him, I saw it, too— In the lurid glare of the tiro, about the lower deck and passages, lu the fresh sunshiny ulr— always that other nmu, like some haunting fate, Was 1 miui, or wiui rvui.v one emir iiijihj; "Danvers," I said one night, as ho and I were walking the deck smoking, "do you believe in uncanny things?" "Do you mean ghosts?" "Not exactly. 1 wish you would lot me tell you ftomctblug; only don't luugli at inc." "Not for worlds. I am not an entire unbeliever, and 1 know you have very devout beliefs In these things," said Danvers. "Thanks. It Is about, this llolker. Do you remember when I tlrst saw liltu V I told Patereon there were three men." "Yes." VThero were three ligures. Hod knows whether the third was a man," 1 said In a trembling voice. "It is no fancy— I have proved It to be none. I am not ill. My nerves are not unhinged: they are steady us yours. Always 1 see Indilnd llolker a slmpc — >" "What you Scotch call a 'wraith' " old Danvers, "a warning of his dentil." A "wraith" Is a likeness of the person warned. This shadowy form is not lu the least like llolker. "What docs It menn V " I said, pausing by his side. There was a sort of dirspalr In my heart. "Why do I alone see It?" Is there something for me to do, mid t do not know what?" 1 could fool that Danvers was sym pathetic, though lie was silent. "It Is very strange," lie said, thoughtfully. "It may be Hint you alone are a ghost- seer. I lmve read that some people never can see anything." "Yon do not doubt me. then?" "I hardly know what to say. Gnu you describe this appearance?" "It Is as clear as day, though misty. Jt Is n young man's face. He has a white, transparent complexion, like a person in hud health; thin, aristocratic features; the fair hair falls lu curls over the forehead; the eyes tire brown —womanish eyes, soft and wistful " I -paused suddenly. I had been talk ing as If to myself, hardly noticing Dan vers : but an exclamation from ldm cheeked me. To my surprise lie hnd turned pale. "Should you know the fnce?" he snld, lu a hurried way. "You mean lu a picture?" ' "Yes." "Gome to my cabin," said Danvers. iWe went below quickly, ami when we reached his cabin he fastened the door Hp seemed excited. He unlocked a desk Unit lie took from a travelling rase, mid laid a photograph In my haiul. My blood turned to Ice as I looked. 1 mold uol speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the face I had Just 'des cribed. "I see you recognise It," said Danvers. He sat down and covered his face, and 3 laid Hie photograph on the table. He Deemed agitated. 1 felt curiously calm. "Something you were to do!" said Dnnvore at last. "Von liave done it," "How? 1 have done nothing." "You have told inc." "Told you? Yes, lircuusc I could no longer endure silence. What then?" Til tell you— anil you must help me. I nm not travelling for pleasure " "I knew that," I said, a little drvlv. "Ah. You are quick, but you kept your counsel, so It didn't matter. I am n detective." " ybut," I said, springing up, my heart beating wildly. "Hush. Sit down again, I was sent on the track of a murderer. We hud certain Information that lie had escaped to Africa some weeks ago, lie is not ; there4— he Is here." "llolker, tin stoker," I whispered. I sat overwhelmed. Dunvers quleklv regained something of his professional Quietude. "That face," he snld, polnllug to tho photograph, " is the llkeuess of Mr. Louts Temple— a young man of means nud nn Invalid, who was murdered by his man servant. Perhaps you have heard." "No. I was 111— 1 hoard nothing." "The man was a trusted servant, lmlf nurse. The murder— u peculiarly hor rible one. on a defenceless man— was committed evidently for purposes of ; robbery. We shall llnd some? of the spoil in Holkcr's chest. The murderer escaped, but we have evidence that will , surely hang liim. Now, do you see how great a sendee you have uncon- 1 sclously done? But for tills strange In-# terposltlon the murdered nuin would I probably never have been avenged. Our j false information would have misled : us. and while we wasted time lu recti- , fying It, llolker would very likely have been lost to uk altogether." "I see." was all I could say. "Now I have my hand on him " said the detective. "lie Is. of course, dis guised. I will arrange a plan. In which , I shall need your help to strip him of Ids disguise. I will arrest him, nnd he and I will be put ashore at the llrst port we touch at, nnd return to England." "Claim my entire services," I sulil. "I can hardly yet believe I nm In my right senses. Why was I, who knew nothing of the circumstances — who was Igno rant of the existence of this Louis Tcm- pc_why was 1 chosen to brlug this horrible crime to light?" "Ah, there we get Into the unfathom able," saUl the detective, "beyond me, and beyond wiser nnd better people than I. I don't see how one could get over the facts— which Is all we have to do with." That argument did not satisfy mc, though I knew I never could get be yond 11. The strange, tho awful thing was, that Hie next time 1 saw llolker the shadow was gone. We made our plans, and I soon saw bow necessary my aid was. I was thrown much more across the stoker than Danvers was. nnd the initial move ment was to drug the man, to get him luto my cabin under pretence Hint be was HI, ami there satisfy ourselves of his inuke-up. I shall never forget the grim delight of the detective when this plan succeeded and the wretched crl- lniuul was revealed In the iuscnslble man before lis. That was his Inst hour of freedom. He came to, to Hnd himself the prisoner of the quiet pnssenqer, Mr Danvers. It was n terrible scene. The man could not understand how he hnd been dis covered when the detective said he him self had not made the discovery. In the midst of the Wretch's frightful rav ings, we learned that la? had purposely missed the ship lie had been reported to have? sailed lu, and had fastened ou the Ocean Monarch. In Ids chest were found Jewels, plate, money— all iden tified as the missing property of the unfortmiute Mr Temple. There whs horror from stem to stern when It was known that we had a mur derer on board. Sailors are supersti tious on tills point— and justly so. I think no one breathed freely till llolker (that wasn't his real name, by the by) hud been removed from our ship. I, myself, was the sensation of the hour, but I tried to avoid curious questioners. There was something too awesome to me In the mystery to allow me to dis cuss It with every Idle Inttlcr.- Was what I saw the spirit of tho murdered man. silently crying for vengeance? I devoutly believe It was. But the ques tion 1 had put to the dolcetlve romnlns unanswered— why was I made to play this part? The story got in the papers, nnd I was Interviewed by more scientific uicn of all nationalities than 1 can rcmcm- lM?r now. It Is years ago. The detec tive Is dead, the Ocean Monarch is run ning her lust trip. So all things come and go. And it's time I went below and looked uftcr my engines.— L. Lnns feldt, In tho "Yankee Blade." 