THREE WEIRD ADVEN- TUHES. Tliay wero talking about terrible things. They wore all young men, end one of them bad just finished a story of a man who had beon scared to death by a ghost. Not cue of buo party would own tuac ne ueuoveu iu va« supornatural, but the whole crowd was agreed that there are things that cannot always bo accounted for. Finally tbey got to talking of aolu&l; experiences. Tbo outcome was that thcro wero threo stories told. All of them were vouched for. These are tho stories : — UNDER THE BRIDGE. Borne years ngo in Somersetshire a young man drove out into the country to see his sweetheart. At midnight he started home ward. It was a datk night, but tho young man drove a pair of spirited horses and made good lime until bo rcaohed the outskirts of his home town. Tbo only way he could get home was to drive aloog tho bank of a river and thon pass under a bridge that spanned it. Wheu ho rcaohed the bridge it was so dark ho naturally »lowed up bis team. To bis surprise, when he started to drivo under tbe bridge his team showed signs of not wauling to go on. He allowed thu horses to have their own way for a time, and then seeing they did not seem in clined to go on he commenced to nrge thom. Still they did not go on, Ho was patient for several minutes, and then made up bis mind that tbo hones must proceed. . The team, however, would not badge a step forward, but when urged seemed inclined to turnaround. This moro could not be made, however, without great dongor, as tho carriage was too near the river binlc. Bo, after seeing that bo wag not likely to do much good from it, tbe young mau alighted and went to tho heads of his horses. To his gieot surpriso he found both aoim&ls; wero in a foam, and then ho knew thero was some reason for the atrauge stato of affairs, Tbey were plainly frightened. He soothed them as well aa he could, and then he tried to urge them forward. They snorted with terror, tretnblod in cvury limb, and with dumb eloquence begged not to bo forced to go ahead. But tbo young man bad to get homo. He got in front of tbo horses' hoads, took each animal by tbe bit, and started to back into darkness, II io hand seemed to reconcile th o horses, and they moved after their master. They went slowly, to be sure, but thoy did move, uud as tbvy went tbe roon cheered thom. Slep by step tho man aud horses wont along. They finally reached tho blackest part of the darkness, the man still walking backward and pulling on his horses' heads. Suddenly one of the horses gave a wild snort, reared high in the uir, and came near gcttiug away from bis master. Tho man turned, aud as ho did so, to his terror, felt himself struck in .the face. It was not a hard blow, but it wksiard enough to oauve him to cry out, moro in fright than in pain. Then bo reached out in the dark to grasp thu thing that bad struck him. His bad feuud it. It was— a humau foot, A man had banged bim&olf; from the bridge, and bis body swung just over tho middle of the roadway. How the young man reached his home he ?ever knew. Mis bAir, however, did not turn white, nor did bo become a raving ronmao, hut, although ho has lived in tho same village ever since, be has never passed under that bridge, THROUGH THE NIGHT. Two young men once lived togethor in tbe northern suburbs of London. One of tbem was in love with a girl Sbo didn't oaro for him, but bo didn't know it. So he went on and on keep ing in love. One morning about ono o'olook one ofi!he young men came home and found his room-mate who was iulovoiu bed as usual. Tbeyouug man sat down and read for an hour, ond then bo wont to bed. At uino o'olcck next morn ing be woko up, and to his surprise found that bis partner had not yet got up. He thought it was 1 strange, but supposed that the young man knew hin business and would get up when ho was toady to do so. Bo he dressed, and was just about to leave the room wheu ho thought perhaps his room- muto was oversloopiog himself. So he spoko to him. Hu got no response. Then he spoko again, this time loud euough lo awakm anyouo who was asleep. There was no answer. Then he stepped to tbe bed aud gave his partner a shake. Thero was no mistaking the faot that tho man waa dead ' On the table in tho room was a note telling why the foolish fellow had taken bis own life. He bad found out that the girl did not care for himft and that settled it with him for all time. The man who had slept with the dead body got over the fright he had re ceived in timo, but be often wonders why ho did not see the note his friend left for him tell ing him of his aot and why be bad killed him self. A DISSECTING-ROOM STORY. The teller of this story and another student were to do somo work in (ho dissecting-room. His friend was not ready to go to work, t>o ho went in ahead and prepared himself for the ghastly job, It was lnte at night, but this is not supposed to make any difference to medical students, who are not, as a rulo, troubled with anything like a squeamish feeling. Tbe young man was waiting for bis friend to come, and was standing on tho slab on which n oted tho 44 subject " on which they wero to work. Soattered about the room wore various things which showed what tho place was used lor. The student was smoking. Ho was thinking of uo> tbicc in particular. Suddenly ho hnnrd n rat- ing noiso. It was Blight-, but unmistakable. At first ho paid no attention to it. Thou, in a dim sort of way, it occurred to him that it was a rat. Presently the noise grow louder. Ho looked around him, It seemed lo corns from a corner. Hu listened closely for tho noise, uud theu be was sure that it came from that corucr. He looked closely, and then be thought he saw some movoment in the corner, lie stepped closer to tbe spot, and then be was euro there was something there that was alive. Still, bo was not frightened iu tbo least. Ho was a brave young fellow, nnd wos inclined to investigate tbe thing that was causing him so much guessing. But in auother iustant ho saw something that was startling. A skull woe moving out of its place in the corner, ami was slowly coming over the floor towards him.' It was grating along, and tho sight and sound was more than tho young stud- out was ablo to endure. His bravery vanished, he gave a cry, fell to tho floor in a dead faint, ( and as bo droppod a huge rat scrambled from under the ghastly tbiog and scampered to its holo. The young man got over his fright in a few weeks, but he adopted auother profession, 