(Drfainatioti (Strmon. Preached at St. Paul's Cathedral on Sunday, December 22nd, 1895, by the Very Eevekend the Dean oi? Melbourne. Romans xr. 13, 14. — ' For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office : If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh, and might save some of them.' St. Paul would have his readers know how high in honour he held hisapostleship to the circumcision. In the eyes of his own country men, of those who had ? sat with him at the feet of Gamaliel, of those who had been his fellow-councillors of the Jewish Sanhedrin, even it may be of not a few of the despised sect of which he had become the leader and advocate, it might appear no enviable dignity to which he had been preferred. If indeed he had measured office or function by any human standard of value or advantage, if he had conceived of Christ's ministry as to be used at all for the furtherance of personal interests or party views, for the gratifying of an ambition or the building-up of a name, his mission to the Gentiles, opposed as it was at every point to his hereditary prejudices and Hebrew training, though he might have taught himself to accept and acquiesce in it, and even to vindicate it against gainsayers, and to find in it a fresh proof of God's wisdom and faithfulness, could never have been to him a subject of loyal pride and heartfelt enthusiasm. Yet this is the account given of it in our text. St. Paul rejoices in the selection which has made the bigoted few the servant of the Gentile Church. Let no man dream that he rebels against the appointment, or would alter it if he could. ' I magnify mine office.' He does not defend or excuse . it, or try to put the best face on it, or to reconcile it with the prejudices of his race. He magnifies it — that is, he exalts and exults in it; has nothing but reverence for the office, and gratitude for the gift. And this glorying, this exulting pride in the ministry assigned to him, was no transient sentiment, no passing emotion of the apostle, but the abiding secret of his restless energy, his unwearied perseverance, his unexampled success. There were indeed mountains of prejudice and difficulty in St. Paul's way — evil men and evil systems to be contended with and overcome, periods of depression more fatal to his work than the fiercest opposition, through all which ( nothing less than the intense faith and joy which he had in his vocation, nothing lower than the noble ideal he had set before him of a Christian ministry, kindling and inspiring his every effort and aspiration, lifting him above all thought or fear of failure or forfeiture, nothing else than the . consciousness and conviction of being called, chosen, and sent of Christ for the very ministry in which he was engaged, could have sustained his courage or upheld his strength. For you, my brethren, who are to be admitted this day to the sacred offices of Priest and Deacon in the Christian Church, believe me there is no achieving high things for God, or for your brethren, there will be no making your ministry a witness for Christ, and a power for men's salvation, without your cherishing towards your office the feeling which St. Paul confesses to have entertained for his. That magnifying of which he speaks in the text was not any thrill of personal satisfaction at being selected for so important a post, neither was. it the stern joy of the soldier chosen to head some desperate charge, nor was it the delight of the generous mind in making some noble act of self-surrender : his rejoicing was that his appointment and task were all of Christ's ordering, thafe it was Christ!s choice, Christ's calling, Christ's sending — Christ, who had fixed for him his sphere of labour, and Christ, therefore, whom he could trust to enable him for his ministry, and to be with him to its close. For St. Paul to magnify his office was only, in other words, to magnify Christ. Let me entreat you, brethren, before -worldly influences, and familiarity with your awful responsibility, and the jars and frets of even the loftiest ministry exercised among men come in to vulgarise your conception and lower your ideal of a minister's work, and to- replace high-souled ardour and passionate devotion by perfunctory diligence and professional zeal, at the outset of a ministry which you trust that God will honour, let it be seen that you know how to honour it yourselves. Magnify your office. ' Let men see that you start with the highest idea of its authority, its duties, its aims Prom the very first, while claiming for yourselves personally neither eminence nor privilege, never speak or think of your office as other/ wise than a thing apart, and on a totally different plane, from the highest of secular avocations. Never do your office the injustice, or yourselves the wrong, to think of it as a means of making a livelihood ,. or of climbing to distinction, or of obtaining praise of men. Let the memory of this solemn service, of these witnessing worshippers, of the anointing hands that shall be laid on you, of the Divine gift that you will have received, contmually testify to you that of you, too, the Holy Ghost has said in the congregation, ' Separate me' these men 'for the work whereunto I hiaye called them,' that you may never loose your hold of the truth of the call) of the reality of 'the separation, of the grandeur and holiness of the work. . Be sure of this, brethren — it is no far-fetched thought that couples a high ideal with a successful ministry. 0 the inspiring and sustain ing power of the belief that you are feeding Christ's sheep, declaring His promises, ministering His consolations, carrying His oil and wine to the sick and wounded, in your lowest service bringing Him in, in your noblest utterance repeating His story! I cannot wonder if some weak and vain men, easily puffed up, surprised with a sudden glimpse of the sublimity of their office, seeing it through the halo that surrounds their Master, have come to confound .the office with .the man, and to entertain the conceit of some greatness and; prerogative attaching to them personally, setting them above their fellows, giving them the right to have worship at their hands,- and to lord it over their opinions and .their lives. But that is .not to magnify the office, it is to magnify the man. r An office held in Christ can only be exalted on the same principle and for the same reason that God highly exalted Christ Himself — for obedience and humility. Humble your selves at the thought of the mysteries which you have to dispense, of the precious interests committed to your charge, of the standard of truth and holiness you have to hold aloft, of the glorious pattern of a perfect minister which is set before you in Christ Jesus — Deacon on earth, and now High Priest in the heavenlies. Humble yourselves and lie low under the thought of your own unworthiness, arid then, having abased yourselves, magnify your office, and in faith ahd^cbn fidence attempt the task, impossible though it seem, of reproducing that ideal in your own lives. Magnify your office by devoting all your faculties and time to its faithful discharge, by having no side-interest diverting you from your proper duty, or dividing -with it your valiancy and force, by always treating it as the most momentous business, the most absorbing interest that can enter into your life, by allowing nothing to come between you and your fulfilment of one of its lightest obligations, by never letting it degenerate in your hands into the mere following of a method, or punctual observance of a routine, by ever bearing in mind the spiritual depth and reality of all you say or do as ministers of th& Lord Jesus, by teaching as if He were present and prompting you, by preaching as those who know that He is making use of your, feeble and foolish words to convey His own lessons of invitation or warning,, of infinite tenderness or majestic reproof, by ministering at all times m the church and in the chamber, in full faith that you are engaged in no indifferent work, but that the happiness or misery ; the tran quillity or the unrest, the confirmation or the falling away — nay;' the eternal life and salvation — of many who hear you may turn upon the service, brief and simple it may be, in which you and they are bearing, your parts. The man who thus magnifies his office caunot be wholly without expectations of large results from the office which he exalts. How can he believe that so excellent a ministry can be fruitless in the end?' or how can he bear the thought that so divine an instrument should be ineffectual in his hands? Oh! if in any the sure anticipation, the eager outlook, the exulting vision of victories to be won, and king doms and souls to be recovered for Christ, may seem natural and even demanded, it is surely in Ahose who, with sincere humility but. unbounded faith, are offering themselves for work in their Master's vineyard. We see in the text the sublime confidence of the Apostle. Not only had he made sure of converting the Gentiles, he was already looking forward to a day when, by emulation of those very Gentiles, the. Jews themselves, Abraham's seed according to the flesh, should, be brought into the fold. . Do you, too, brethren, cherish a like undoubting expectation, a like victorious confidence with the Apostle to the Gentiles ? St. Paul had that faith in his ministry, because, looking back . on his eventful life, he could find proof of the exact time when he was called and sent of God. That is what we desire and pray for you at your Ordination Service, that in time to come, as you look back from years, as we trust,. of ever-increasing 'usefulness; to the day and hour when you were pledged arid sealed ti- the office of deacon or jpriest, you may 'always find in that solemn recollection encouragement to persevere through reproach and failure, and strength to stand though you stand against the world. . ' Cherish then — it is your right— the brightest hopes of What, by God's grace, you shall achieve in Christ's name. Magnify your office by the greatness of what you demand from It, as well as by the awe and reverence with which you regard it. So may God, whom you serve, give you to see your heart's desire in the bringing in by your means of many sons to His glory ; and still, if for all your faithfulness it seems that a triumphant ministry is not 'to .be yours, if your Master has in reserve for you no visible crown and recompense here f or your' labours but a dull and disappointing career, without distinction arid without success, if you are placed where your best gifts appear wasted, where there are few whom you can reach, and those hard to be influenced, if there come times even when privations make life hard, and opposition make it bitter, and in ;the shame of failure and the mortification of neglect the office you; dtiqe took up so hopefully seetiis to have parted one after another^ ^i^r the' supernatural gift, the spiritual potency, the promise' of victory in the erid— distrust your selves indeed, your own weakness and cowardice, arid want of patience, and want of faith, but never dishonour your ministry or distrust your Master; humble yourselves, like St. Paul, to accept joyfully the lowest reward, the poorest crown, and still to magnify your office, and to. praise and bless God, and to count it a goal worthy of a saint's ambition, an over- payment of delight. for a whole life's ministry, if, leaving to others the gathering in of the multitude that no man can number, it be your sufficient crown of rejoicing in the day of the Lord's appearing to find that yours has not been the barren ministry which you feared it was, but that by God's mercy you have saved some. 