THE MURDERED SHEPHERD. A MIDNIGHT KPItiODK. Ih Epuku. AFTEU many years' experience in the depths of the 6ileuce and weird-like phantasmagoria, as Marcus Clarke culls it, known us the back-blocks of Aus trslia, sometimes on stations, sometimes overlanding, and often on new gold fields, 1 have bad tnsny varied and thrilling experience?, but none lemaiu so indelibly impressed ttpoo my memtry as tb«t which ftllpiu my lut ou Wadigoiig Station. It was abçut three months btfore shearing, a*.id as there would be a geneial uinster shortly, it was tny duty, as one of th» bout»da»y-rideis, to ride round the tun until I struck Ned Daltou's hut, where 1 would meet Charlie Robetts, another boundaryrider, who, after seeing that the fences on his part of the run were sufe, would join me, and the two of us would make a bee-line across the run for lhe homestead. . Ned Dalton, the occupier of the hut, was a shepherd, and as we only musteied twice a year Ned was very seldom seen except upon tboso occasions, and then he ran thort of floor, which toecessitated a trip to the station, two «'ays* hard riding. Well, about noen I slrnèk the liut, and after taking off the raddle and pack and hobbling the hordes, I passed inside the chockand-log fence and approached the door. 4 1 Uoodrday, N«l," J said as 1 entered the open door ; but to i»y astonishment no Ned was to be seen, and as his collie suddenly tent op a walling cry, I concluded that Ned had gone to lhe station for his stipp'ies, aud to make proof positive 1 fossicked about for his flour-bag, expecting it to be empty, but to my^ujrptise found it halffull ! What the deuce is the meaning of this, thought I. lie's not short of rations,' so whero cun lie be ? Tho hut and its belongings seemed to be as they were when 1 visited Ned three months previously, and as the liut was out in a very lonely pan of the run 1 was convinced, M>M «ometbiog unusual had occurred, Hungry and tired after my journey, I proceeded to boil the billy, and, before doing to, placed my liand into the dead ashes in the fireplace, only to find them culd, thereby proviog that no meal had been cooked for some time. A huge fire was soou blueing, and after knocking up a damper for tea I Ht my pipe aud sauntered out of> the hut. Presently I espied Charlie Roberts riding aud leading his pack-horse. As soou as he bad hobbled Lis horses and hung his aaddle up i told of Ned'a absence. " Weill he's a queer old chap," said Charlie, 44 but I'm hanged if 1 can make it out; and there's that tan collie of his crying like a kid/' •• Yes," said I, " and even supposing that he had made for the homestead he would not w^lk wbou be had a thoroughbred to ride; and besides he wouldn't leave the pop^ehiud him " " Ob, igUr said Cbarlie, " let's have somawai and maybe he'll tura up before dark." After we had satisfied ourselves with damper aqd mutton, we strolled out, took a look'at our horses, and made again for the hut. Everything was quiet, save but for the peal of a couple of jackasses, parched on an adjacent tiee, who seemed to be laughing at our disconcerted appearance. " D-5-.p . tJiose bird*," said Roberto, " I do hate to bear them screeching like great ghou's. Ever since 1 picked up the boues»fTtt|at, tramp mar the 90- ifile taul§[ tyear those-jackasses always Keep the d d thing before my eyes.».! 4 Remember well how Ladybird. kept thjjng.and jutrping as we near the corpse.! of the tramp, aud when 1 got a sniff of it 1 knew what was up, and, tieiuç Ladybird to a tree, I got around u'utW' I spotted the dead *un. «oil's truth, it wad au awful sight, <md just as I was looking at it three jackasses oveifctad ' commenced to laugh like bisk's. It sounds queer, Tom, but irlien WffH tbff hfcin uuir 1 always think of that deatj^amp,'' " Suptfftitlon, 1 said; " and, besides, «fast's tbitgot ttf do With Ned " I don't know, but I've got a nasty feeling." It was now dark, and as the stars were well up in the sky we decided to turn in. Theie was only one bunk in the hut (Ned'*), and as he might at any moment turn up. Chat lie aod 1 decided to ramp on the Hour. There was plenty of fresh air, the hut'door was wide open, and the three dogs—Ned's, Chat lie's and mine-T-lay outfit. : Thhiking- Chat lio was asleep, and not wisbiug to disturb him, I lit my pipe with a pirce of wood ath rather than »tiike a match, and atruio ivturned to he.l. 4 »Vhat's up, Tom, can't yon sleep ?" he sai I. . "No," I i fplifd. * ;•.':' " N«r I. 1 think I'll go and sit outside fur awhile." Am?, so saying he got up, slipped his trousers on, aud strolltd ou*. Pnsotly he tushed into the but. • " " By (]—d, Tõm, he's leií^Te said, panting for bmatb. •• wi«o r " Ned." " Where V " I've seen him on the chimney." " Vou're going mad. Tom," I said. You're liver is out of order, if he was here fie would he in bed." " Oet up, Tom, and tee for yourself} and if it's not Ned, well, by all that's holy, it's bis ghost." 1 am not naturally a cowaid, but when it comes to facing these oldwomanitdi ideas I get a bit ;ff like. Well, I *ent out to the door, and as i ] did Ned's collie ttood staring at the] roof, and howlioj! the most dbniul, ] blood curdling Imwl poiutiM*'. ' "Tln-re hoi»! There ho i»!" cried Chuilie, excitedly. i looked up—I OAO np to it— 1 was scared. There wa« NVd, with his shirt and moles on, and tdool sti earning down his face, sUmling on the roof, with his hand resting on the chimnej- •lab. | Charlie grabbed ,mo by the arin. 4 Do you see him ?"' he whispered. " Yes," i stammered in reply. After a few minutes—which felt like hours--Charlie's grip on my arm tightened, and he called out: " What the h—I are you doing cp there, Ned V No reply, and nothing to break the awful silence save the howls of Ned's collie. "Speak to us, Ned; we're the boundary-riders on the run.'* Still no reply. Presently the arm which rested on the chimney rose slowly, with forefingei bent dowuwards, and the voire—by heaven, it was Ned'a—said, " I am buried outside this chimney. My murderer is at the homestead."- The arm slowly fell to the side, and while we both stood aghast, unaftle to speak, the apparition suddenly vanished. I was unable to speak, and all Charlie could do was to keep on repeating, " My God, my God 1" We went inside and lit the slush lamp, aud both remained silent, i called my dog to my side and grabbed my atockwhip. Çharliç <jid the safne. And thus we sai aud smoked in silence until daybreak, Ned's collie outside keeping up a dismal chant all the time. With lhe break of day returned our self-possessioD, and as I turned to speak to Charlie 1 discovered that his hair had turned snow white. *' What'll we do, Charlie," I said, not mentioning thegiey hair circumstance. 4 1 i'm just thinking," hMsid. " I*t us put the piek iiilo r the.,greond around the hut." " Right you are."/.:', *; We started at the chimney corner, and cleared r-way a clump of thisths with the hoe. We had not gone down ' three feet before we found the toes of two boot* sticking up. j " Go easy with jhnt shovel, Tpm; he's here right enough."" * * 4 " i Judging the length, we began to scrapp, aud presently the ghastly features of his butotieied fave a- d bead wire levealed. I, tfrkeued .with the? right and smell, tut tied away and leaned' upon the fejice. I looked around and saw Chat lie shovel ling . in., the. dirt.- again. .. ' . • - " Let's get the horse? io. I'll run. them in if you sea to tb« breakfast,'* said Charlie, aud whittling his dog, he made off. • • • e • Two days afler we were at the homestead, and related what wa had seen. The boss and the super returned with us, aod after the body of poor Nrd was polled out and examined by lbs boss, whp was a J. P., we made a box am) deposited it under a big tlieoak, upon ' which we chopped a crosa and Ne-l's initials, which may be seen to this date by traveller» crossing the Billabong, mar the Edwards. . . . . . A month after that two tro.»|»ere came to the homestead and left the following morning, taking with theiu the çook. When arrested, a rhrqne belonging to Ned was found in his swag, and a suit of clothes which the Iwft identified as having been supplied to Ned out of the store. He was found guilty, scntenceiHo death, aud huog. e • • • a I have given over all my M«>a« **t superstition now, and am a firm Wli> ver in the supernatural—I don*t know what io call it; you city folks may have a name for it. 1'oor Cbarlie, he always thinks the jackass a bird of ill-omen. Only lately we were overlanding together, and were putting the cattle <»v< r a nasty-looking gully whan a sickening smell arose. Presently a tí »ck of j,rk* asses screeched. \- There's some unfortunate wretch's hones" bleaching down there," said Charlin, his countenance changing as he spoke. " Yes," I if plied, " lot's ride on; we can't stop." Then I thought again oi' Charlie's words upon the night of the ghostly vi-iou of the murdered shepheid. 