PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. A Shadowed Courtship,* By E. EVERETT-GREEN., "YOU TOO, EDMUND! Have you gone over to the enemy?" And Maud Ardressor hid her face in her hands, whilst the tears dropped down one by one through her fingers. Edmund Lester, her lover, stood looking at her with such a passionate love and tender ness in his eyes,that had she but looked up her tears must have been dried. But her whole soul had been crushed within her at his last words. For had he not said that they must part—that it would be better so—that others had judged aright after all; and that a shadow indeed lay betwixt them? "I never thought you would give me up— though all the world tried to part us!" she cried. "Have we not known always that they were against it? But you never cared before. You promised that nothing should part us!" A quiver of pain passed over Edmund's face. "I knew then of no other obstacle save your wealth, dear love, and the fact that it was desired to wed you to your kinsman, Hubert Ardressor, so that the old name should continue to run with the old acres. That scarce weighed with me above our love for each other. Your aunt always opposed my suit, and said our union could never be; but I heeded her not, as you know. My Hubert took her hand for a moment and carried it to his lips. fathers and yours had been friends for many generations, till something—I knew not what—threw a shadow over their friendship before either you or I were born——" He stopped suddenly, and she looked up to see a strange pain in his eyes. Her tears dried upon her cheek, and she put out her hand and touched his arm. "Edmund—what is it? What have they told you ? It is that dark-browed Hubert. I know it is. Ever since he has come back to our country there has been a dark shadow lying athwart our path. He frightens me. It would kill me to be always with him. I will never, never marry him! I tremble when he comes near me. I shudder when he takes my hand. Let him have Ardressor and all the money, if he will; but I will never, never be his wife!" She spoke with sudden passionate fear, for heiress as she was of the old castle and the accumulated wealth of many generations, she was a timid maiden, and only felt strong and happy in the presence of Edmund Lester, whose property adjoined her own, and with whom for three years or more a youthful courtship had been privately carried on. None had, until quite recently, become aware of this state of affairs, for the inter course between the Ardressors and Lesters had suddenly ceased when the grandfather of Edmund went abroad without warning, and a shadow fell upon the halls of Ardressor in the sudden and mysterious death of the then owner—Maud's grandfather. Hubert's father had managed the estate during the minority of the girl's father; and when he was carried off by a fever in the prime of his life, he appointed Hubert (although but a young man himself) to be guardian of his motherless daughter, who had been brought up under the care of his sister—an Ardressor to her finger tips, deeply imbued with all the prejudices and traditions of the house. Edmund looked full into the eyes of his beloved, and took her hands in his for the last time, as he told himself. "Dearest," he said, " I would die for you if I could. I love you, and I shall always love you to my life's end. But there is a shadow lying between us. We have felt it, yet have not known what it was. To-day I have heard all. It is hard to speak the words afresh, yet I think that you should know all too. You have heard of the sudden, unaccountable death of your grandfather long years ago. None ever knew the cause of it—so we have always been told; but one person knew. Hubert's father was there. He saw the fatal blow struck. It was my grandfather who in a fit of passion dealt that mortal blow. Hubert's father was his friend. He sheltered him, and gave him time to flee abroad before the fatal fact was known. He never spoke of what had passed that night, save on his deathbed, to his son. Hubert and Miss Ardressor know, and per haps a few old servants suspect. That is why • all have looked askance at me since my return. Maud, dear love, it is terribly hard; bnt the sins of the fathers are visited upon the children, and the stain of blood is between us !" Maud buried her face in her hands. It was terribly sad. Nature and love fought a hard battle. Why should their lives be blasted for a crime done long years ago? But Edmund's sorrowful face showed no signs of relenting. He had accepted the barrier as final. The horror and the sorrow had aged him strangely in a few short hours: but he had come to say farewell to the woman he loved. "No wonder Ardressor is haunted," said Maud, in a low despairing voice. "No wonder some restless spirit is for ever wandering to and fro. Oh ! I have been often terrified out of my life, and now it will be worse—a thousand-fold worse! What can it mean, Edmund? Who is it that comes and moans and weeps along the corridor, and in that shut-up room?" Edmund started and looked earnestly at her. "What mean you, Maud? Who comes thus?" "They call it the ghost of Ardressor; but it has only been seen since that—that—since my grandfather's death. Indeed it was not till after some years had gone by that it was seen or heard. Now many have heard it. I have seen it. I cannot tell you what it is like. It scares me out of my senses. It always seems to want to say something ; but oh! it is too frightful and terrifying. That is why we have quite shut up one wing of Ardressor. Nobody can bear to go where its wailing voice can be heard." A strange look had come over Edmund's face, which had a look of purpose and resolve. "Maud," he said, "I thought to have said adieu to Ardressor this evening, but I will pray of you one favour more. Let me pass this night alone in the haunted wing. Let me face and speak with this spectre myself— if indeed it is a spectre, and not some clever trickery or some illusion of sound and sight. Can you not see, dear love, that if indeed it is some restless spirit haunting the scene of a past crime it may be the spirit of one near of kin to me? It may be that it comes charged with some message for me." Fear and dread were expressed in Maud's eyes; but Edmund was in earnest. Since he had been a visitor to Ardressor of late, more especially since he had fallen under the spell of Maud's pathetically sweet eyes, he had often been curiously impressed by the sense of watching eyes, of some unseen presence near to him, of some strange shadow haunting his steps. He had treated these feelings as nothing but hallucination, and until this moment had hardly given them a serious thought. But now a new feeling came upon him, and he was resolved to probe this mystery to the very depths. It was not difficult to gain his point. No one ever ventured near to the fatal room after twilight had fallen. Maud obtained the keys, and unknown to all besides he shut himself up for his lonely vigil. The long June daylight faded slowly; the summer night crept on; and Edmund sat beside the uncurtained window, through which the moonbeams fell aslant, and thought of Maud and that stain upon his name which, albeit unknown to all the world save three or four persons, must ever leave its mark upon him now. He thought of the details of the story as he had heard it. The three men at play in this great bedchamber; the sudden quarrel, the taunting words, the fatal blow. Was he dreaming? Whence came that light which now illumined the room? And whence came those shadowy figures seated round the table? Edmund held his breath whilst he watched, as one in a trance, the very things he had been conjuring up before his mind's eye. There was the old Ardressor, unmis- takable in his stately pride; and there was his kinsman. Hubert's father, with the same swarthy face and sunken dark eyes which had so frightened Maud. And there was another shadow too, tall and sunny-haired and open-faced—a Lester to his finger tips; and the three men seemed talking eagerly, if not angrily together, and then suddenly all rose and struggled desperately. Edmund sat and looked on spellbound, unable to move hand or foot, or to lift up his voice in cry or call. Suddenly a blow was struck and the old man fell. But whose was the hand which struck the blow? Edmund could have sworn that it was the dark Ardressor's. But at that moment the light, whatever it was, faded. The ghostly scene vanished like a dream of the dawn. Edmund found himself sitting as before beside the open moonlit window, the dew of a cold sweat upon his brow, his whole frame quaking with a strange tremor that was scarcely one of fear, for there was horror rather than dread in his heart. Then it seemed to him as though a shroud ing darkness fell upon him. Something stood beside him. He felt an icy touch upon his hand. Cold fingers seemed to clasp themselves over his own, and to draw him along with imperative power. He rose suddenly and strove to grasp the impalpable, yet compelling hand. "Fear not. I will follow," he said; and he felt the clasp on his hand tighten. It was not far that the spectre (if such indeed it was) led him. He was drawn along towards an ancient panelled cupboard in the wall. This he opened—why or how he knew not; and then he felt his hand guided to a certain hidden spring far back in the dusty recesses of the cupboard. A sigh as of relief seemed breathed in his ear. The touch on his hand ceased. He was once more alone with the friendly moonlight. The unseen and impalpable presence had gone. No investigation would Edmund make that night. On the morrow he appeared before Hubert Ardressor and Maud, and told his tale. All three looked earnestly at each other, and then Hubert said, whilst a spasm crossed his face, "Let us go together and examine into this. My father, on his deathbed, strove hard to tell me something, but could not. I have often wondered what secret perished with him, and brought a despairing anguish into his eyes at last." They all moved together to the shut-up room, Miss Ardressor with the rest, all filled with burning curiosity. It was Maud's finger that pressed the secret spring at last, and revealed, smothered in dust, a sealed letter, addressed to Edmund Lester, the father of the present holder of that name. In perfect silence Edmund broke the seal, and read the missive handed to him by Maud. In silence he passed it on to Hubert. It was from his father, and confessed the crime of which Lester, in the confusion and passion of the moment, had been ready to believe him self guilty when charged with it by the kinsman of the murdered man. The hasty fatal blow had been struck by Ardressor, not by Lester. As he read these words, Hubert's dark face contracted with pain; but he bore the blow like a man. "I did not know—I had heard only the other story. Farewell, Maud. This ends it all. May you be happy with the man of your choice!" He took her hand for a moment, and carried it to his lips; then he placed it within that of Edmund, and added, "The shadow will trouble you no more. All is clear, and it has passed away from Ardressor for ever." 