All About Boots. It was C'arlylc who wrote ::o mournfully about clothes. If he did not die young ho died too early to serve these countries as he/might, if aliTO, serve them now with his-vitriolic pen, in writing about boots. It has.taken along time for this important subject to reach its present magnitude and weight. Tears - ago Wellington reminded Brougham that hi3 name would go down to posterity associated-with a particular sort ot 'car riage, now vulgarly called a pill-box ; whereas his own name would never become famous by any similar thing. The great lawyer reminded him of his invention in boots. " Ah,. the |boots," said Wellington, "I had forgotten the boots." It lives in our memories, or rather is burned into tbem, that Queenslandx once witnessed a terrible convulsion in her political world over two pairs of boots. There was a storm in the Ex ecutive; it broke'over Parliament; a Governor died after it. And all about boots. These events were, first comedy, then tragedy. But Australia is now being treated to high-class drama over Japanese hoots. Mr. Dyne, Leader.of Her Majesty's Op position in Macquarie street, recently went to Japan, and not unnaturally brought: back a pair, of Japanese hoots. Did the maker of those hoots ever for a moment think of their destiny and the uses to which they would be put? Im possible. If he knew, now that Mr. Lyno cxhibits tbose boots in- Parliament, that be holds them up to view at greet pub- ' lie meetings f if he wore awnro that- it iifi: esteemed n high! favour to he aUoWc&y.; even.: to smell those hoots, that one may know what is the peculiar -.1 flavour ' of the .• Japanese--, article,1 V ean it he helieved that he . would, remain in Japan ?.-• Impossible. He would come to Australia; he would put;ff himself'Din view; he would say, "-I am; the mail who made those hoots." Tim hazards are that he would bring an.-', army of bootmakers with .him. For1 surely never before were hoots so well • advertised. Mr. Lyne is a capital bags- i man. The other evening, in, Sydney^ before ono of the largest^possible auilify enees there; he brought out, those boots!1 They stood on the table -beside the i champion of protection. His eloquence ran from! him like lava flowing from: at?: little Vesuvius. His audience cheered^;; they thundered; they roared. At- the righfr'f moment Mr. Lyne held up that pair of1; boots. Gentlemen, I bought them in •> Japan.". (Cheers,-lusty.) " Gentlemen,; I . bought them for half the price tk'cy;:; would cost if made here." (Cheers, : : lustier.) " Gentlemen, what would yiti say to a state of things under which'.yoii S could buy boots at half, the price which you- now'. give : for them '?" . (Cheers)':, lustiest!) And well it might be so; "Whaf^C a prospect in boots. ■ , Buhthe matter, did .not end;"thcre,.": That is not the last to be heaid of'"thai; .' pair of Japanese boots. . Mr.lleid was'1: at Kiama ou the'flight on which these1; boots were exhibited in Sydney. But he had seen them, and they formed: a ' staple part of his speech1 also, to a very1; ' mixed) audience ' after dinner. His account of tbom was most interesting.1. He said: " The Leader of (he Opposi tion had rhade a great point of Japancse . boots that he brought down. At -lasti they liad found those boots. . He had... had an array of customs officers lookhigy for them for months. He: assured thein-* ho had, and now he found them, on the: Leader of the. Opposition. Mr. Lyne . had thought the people of Kiama were poltroons; : .he;-had thought them .so small that he could frighten them." with Japanese boots." v Hero is a new' development; these boots have been, shown at Kiama. 'Another - Kinma.-: terror; for Kiama was'the locality; of Parkes's ghost. -., What a notoriety, that place will have, to he sure. But: Mr. ltcid was wrong in saying that ho; had found them on Mr; Lyne. That - gentleman does not wear them; .they..; ! are amongst his exhibits at political meetings.. Such is the important posi tion now filled by hoots in New - South Wales; they form a staple article of . debate and oratory between the heads of the two great economic parties in that: : country.- Boots must he. entered at. the; Federation Convention. " 