©Iji? (SUttck mtb tlje g t e a f r * Several Cup horses wore out. at Cnullield on Saturday. The performances of a few were full of merit, but others did not augur well for victory in the spring. Excel won the Victorian Club Handicap by half a henil from Marusa and boys reversed would have lost it by a length. Their respective weights were 7et. 1 lib. and Sst. 101b. Their Cup weights are list, 121b. and fist. 31b. Excel was as fit a6 hands could make him, but Marusa was in anything but Cup trim. Stripped of, say a hundredweight of beef between this and Cup din-, he ought to give Excel an easy beating. Marusa has not broken it yet for victory, but the first time lie strips fit and the question is put to liiin, lie will return an afiirmafcivc. Devon was on business bent in this race, but nt no part of it did he shape like a winner. This horse missed two of the best chances of his life when Paris and Patron won the brace with liini as runner- np. Such opportunities arc never likely to come to him again. Saddle Op scored an easy win in the AVelter with 9st. nib. There is the making of a Cup horse in this fellow, and if he trains on it will not surprise me to see him battling out a finish in one of the two. This horse has Gst. 81b. in the Caulfield and lift. 111b. in the Mel- bourne. There was a jokemamed Up Shot looking on in the Welter, and lie," too, if reserved, may he about when the Cups are on. * * # 111 1SSU there was atcniarkable sequence of number victories, and as backers awoke somewhat early to the fact many persons won money who would not have done so had the psychological element been wanting. No. I, Paris, won the Caulfield Cup, No. S, Preston, won the Moonee. Valley Cup, No. n, Trcdcntatc, won the Maribvrnong Cup, and No. 4, Patron, won the Melbourne Cup. So little did the stable esteem Patron's chance that the whole of-the money secured about him early in the season was thrown on the market to lay off. But for the sequence backers the horse would have started friendlcbs at 100 to 1. Patron won both handsomely and decisively and no persons on the course were more surprised than those connected with the stable. Ouida says that in rpal life there are coincidences so startling, mysteries eo .singular, and destinies so strange, as to put the creations of fiction entirely in the shade. I may say the Baine of the turf. Would you believe that the public discussion of the origin of the word Larrikin lias cost the fielders quite a ton of gold? When the discussion was at its height hundreds of persons, who wouljj not otherwise liave done so, bucked Larrikin to yfn tlj^.ifjjsud National, and he did so, most ThwsiS.jaichhuudrcds, with hundreds of lhiuj ngrhn ,oii Saturday last and had the pleasure Jlci<nig wlifeji th'e nine was over. Racing re full of Ejpints.\lln\sharpes,t points and the best pointws have hitherto niujiianded the best success. Pony racinjy'uirly bristled with Jiomts and pointers, but since Mr. \\\6bster assuined /lire/lion at Ascot there is less bristle by VlonjjL-rJialJ>v'' Tl/e pointer will toon be a creature of the plisQ^Soine yerv strong pointing has been done in conn?fc»i«n—cfal-li ' the measurement oi' ponies and galloways. So perfect are the AscoL arrangements for absolute accuracy in this all important matter that the pointers do not pos-css i- ghost of a chance now to work the oracle, Just on .tlOO has been subscribed as a testimony to Mr. Webster's ability and fairness in management. The Ic-liiriouinl will take the form of a chronograph, with an illuminated address in addition. Tin-presentation "ill In- made at the Royal Mail ou Monday, Hist August. There arc not many literary men in connection with the English or Australian turf, that is as owners, trainers or jockeys. There are, it is true, u few inksplashers whose duty it is to report, prophesy and make occasional comments about the racehorse and racing. In England several trainers and jockeys have written books, or had them "written for Uiom, and in Australiu two bookmakers have essayed authorship. I have not heard that more than one edition of either book has been published. Several very readable and entertaining books have been published by trainers and jockey s in England. One of the most recent, and readable is Kingsclere, by John Porter. Kingsclere is the name of the establishment presided over by Porter. Kingsclere is famous by reason of its aristocratic patronage and the large measure of success which lias attended horses trained there. # * e During the quarter century in which Porter has figured aB a trainer he has prepared over 800 horses and liaB won in 6takes with them just on £000,000. This is the largest sum won by any single establishment connected with the English turf. Of this Bum £167,000 has been won with horses owned by the Duke of Westminster. Sir Frederick Johnstone's horses come next with stakes amounting to £!)),000. Among the patrons of Kingsclere at various periods were the Prince of Wales, the Duke of Westminster, Baron Hirseh, Lord Kingston, Sir Joseph Hawley, and Sir Frederick Johnstone. The Prince of Wales'joined the establishment in '86 and retired from it in '92. Baron Hirseh withdrew his horses at the spare-time. Kingsclere is famous, as it was there Ormpnde/'claiijIiJjk, o be the greatest horse of any country and alfanne^wjjf/ rained. This is a mighty claim, but as Ornj'oudg, wiii, ll his engagements and was never brougjii.tp th'ejwhip^y any of his opponents, it must be allowed.; IIow.he ' ould have got on at equal weights w^h'CariiSie-is nother matter. . j\ % - ? 