TOWIs TALK. The following news matter appears on the fourth page of this issue :—Com mercial. Trott's Opinion of the English Tour, Barrahool Shire Council, A Ballarut Ghost, Cycling on Sunday, New Docks at Southampton, The Labor System of To day, Perils of Bail way Travelling, The Queen's College, Supposed Lunatic Vindicated by " X" Pays. The Assembly decided last evening, by 47 votes to 13, to permit the cultivation of the Tyrrell Downs station, by Mr E. D. Laseelles, in the terms of the resolu tion submitted by Mr Higgins. The persistent representative for Dandenong was silenced by the Speaker on account of a bad attack of " irrelevancy." A correspondent "sends us a bottle of Stoney Creek water, drawn from a tap in Moorabool-street, into which a grain of alum was put to purify it. There is a quarter of ah inch sediment of a nasty color in the bottle, indicating a con siderable amount of impurity. Some months ago the department purchased one of Stephenson's antoinatic rotary water strainers, the efficacy of' which in purifying the Geelong water supply had been testified to by Dr GressweB, Mr Link (our local analyst), and Mr Blsdon (formerly chief of these and other water works of the Victorian system),_y~et, if we are correctly informed, this purifying, apparatus still lies at the works un utilised, and, in the meantime, we are drinking a decoction like that sent to us by our correspondent of everything nasty, from rats to other refuse, in its worst form. - Great heat, powerful, but changeable, winds, and clouds of dust in the streets, made matters very disagreeable to per sons having out-of-door business to execute in town yesterday. The mud thickly laid on the streets in the winter months as gravel for blinding the metal was turned into dust, and the fine par ticles, together with the sand, grit, and the usual street refuse, gave a forcible reminder of what to expect in the sum mer. There was a late and unsuccessful attempt made by the men in charge of the water carts to cope with the dust fiend after several men with hydrants had squirted water over some of the thoroughfares. "Yesterday afternoon the steamer Lady Loch came from Melbourne to Corio Bay ] for the purpose of furnishing the beacon ] lights in the channel at the entrance to j Corio Bay with gas. Advantage was | taken, however, of the vessel's visit to the Geelong harbor to place mooring buoys in the bay in tbe vicinity of the pier con- ■ nected with the works of the "Western and "Winnnera Districts of Victoria Freezing j Company, at the North Shore. The moorings are necessary in view of the direct shipping traffic expected to be carried on at the company's pier. The first vessel to load there is the large cargo and passenger-carrying steamship Gulf of Bothnia, which will visit Corio Bay on Thursday or Friday of this week. Three residents of the Bellarine district were brought before the magistrates at the Drysdale police court on Mouday forenoon by Mounted-constable Kirwan on" charges of having neglected to cause their children to he vaccinated within the prescribed period. Two of them named James "White and Cornelias Fogarty pleaded guilty and were each fined 10s. The third defendant, Thomas M'Dermott, pleaded not guilty, and for his defence relied upon section 204 of the act, which requires that notice must first he given by the registrar calling npon [ parents to vaccinate their children before legal proceedings can be taken. It was stated by the defendant that he had not received the necessary notice, and the registrar would not swear that he had sent a notice to the defendant. Under the circumstances the case was dis missed. The presiding magistrates were Messrs Coghlan and M. M'Dermott, but Mr M'Dermott did not adjudicate in the ease brought by the police against his | The great success achieved last season in the direct steamboat conveyance of wool from Port Fairy and Warrnambool to the port of Geelong for sale and ship ment at this port, has induced wool growers in the western district to arrange to repeat the experiment this season. It is anticipated that the steamers trading to Warrnambool, Port Fairy and Port- I land will commence trading to this port towards the end of November next. At the monthly meeting of the directors of the Camperdown Butter Factory I Company it was decided in regard to the [ examination of dairies to have a thorough system of inspection enforced, as it is believed that it would materially enhance the value of the butter both in the local and home markets. Accounts amounting to £2337 5s 3d were passed for payment, j £1555 16s 4d of this going to the sup pliers. The highest cheque paid to one ! supplier for the. month's supply of milkl was £S6 12s 4d The question of considering tenders for the supply of a steam boiler for use in connection with the pumping plant for forcing sea water from the bay to the cistern reservoir in the haymarket reserve was again before the sub-committee of the Geelong Town Council yesterday forenoon. The several tenders received ' were exuiniued, but the committee re served their decision for » future meet The Barrabool shire council yesterday elected Cr Piper, one of its most popular members, to the position of president for the ensuing 12 months. This is not his first experience of the honor, and he was qmte at home as chairman, being suc cessful in beeping discussion within reasonable limits, whilst allowing the members all the latitude they could desire for the lucid expression of their ideas on the various matters brought forward. The health of the newly-elected president was toasted, at the instauce of Cr Milner. when the council adjourned for lunch, and a cordial vote of thanks was also passed to Cr Doberty, the ex-president, who, much to the regret of his colleagues, will shortly sever his connection with the council through removal to the Min chelsea district. There is not likely" to be any lack of candidates for the vacancy that will be thus occasioned, the uames of three being already mentioned as certain starters. The adjourned monthly meeting of the committee of the Geelong Free Library was held last evening, when there were present—Messrs J. Blakiston (in the chair), 8. Michael, T. Holdeu, Jno. Gubby, S. Vaughan, Thos. Fraser, S, Mathews, B. Xash, E. Brownbill and J. S. Aitehison. Accounts for the past mouth amounting to £1S 5s 5d were passed for payment, and it was reported that with the payment of the aceouuts passed the debit balance would amount to £34 Ss 2d. The secretary was in structed to prepare for submission to the Government a statement showing the SDeeial claims oi the Geeiong library on the Government grant in aid of free libraries. Sixteen applications were re ceived for the position of messenger boy for the institution, and David M. Little was appointed. Two nicely frained j photo, pictures of subjects of general j interest, 12 photos, in all, were received j as a donation from Mr Saml. Michael, ; and a vote of thanks was passed to that ; o-entleman for his gift. : There were present at the police court yesterday morning, Messrs Pat terson, P.M., Belcher and Pardev. J's.P., when a young woman named Bella Molloy was charged with lunacy. ; Drs Robinson aud Small gave evi- ; dence that the patient was suffering from delusions, but was not a fit subject ; for treatment in an asylum. If she were remanded the medical men were in hopes that she would be sufficiently recovered | to be discharged. The bench remanded the patient for one week. A largely attended meeting of the employers and employes of the committee of the "Wednesday Half-holiday Associa tion was held last evening in Ur Day's office. The president (Mr H. W. Day) occupied the chair. A financial state ment by the treasurer showed that over j £300 had been received by the associa- j tion during the 15 months it had been in ' existence. Of this sum over £100 had been donated to charity, about £175 in prize money and demonstration expenses, and over £75 in general expenses inci dental to the association. The committee had much pleasure in accepting an invitation for an afternoon's trip to-day from the Western Stage Co., and the secretary "das instructed to write thank ing Messrs Cobb aud Co. for the same. The Saturday afternoon holiday move ment was noted with pleasure, and the committee decided to render any assist ance in their power in support of it. It was also agreed to celebrate the inception of the proposed ' Saturday half- holiday by a smoke: social. Complaints of ' several shopkeepers keeping open after hours were considered, and as this is against the law the association decided to take action in the matter. Messrs J. J. Lanigan (secretary) and H. G. Clarke (treasurer) were accorded a vote of thanks for the manner in which they carried I "out their duties. Mr J." J. -Lanigan | briefly responded, aud stated that he considered the two most satisfactory I points in favor of the association were | that they had been successful in securing the. holiday and discharging all their | liabilities. ., • — |? Bast evening the ladies who presided at'the stalls in therecent Oide Englishe Havre in the Mechanics' Institute were eutertaiued by the committee at a com plimentary social dance aud supper. The scenery and stalls' connected with the bazaar or fair had been left in position, hut the centre of the hall was cleared for the 'lance, and a most enjoyable evening was passed. The supper, which was I served in the large refreshment room | associated with the fair, was in keeping with the excellent arrangements made for the comfort and entertainment of the ladies who so successfully carried out the duties appertaining to the Olde Englisbe Havre. In celebration of the anniversary of the Aberdeen-street Baptist church. a conversa zione was held last evening in the school room. The interior of the building was neatly decorated, and the arrangements for a social evening's gathering were very complete, so that the affair passed off very pleasantly. - A brief pro gramme was prepared with the object of allowing an opportunity for conversation, and at its conclusion a plentiful supply of refreshments, provided through the genero-. sit; of members of the chnrch, was handed round as au additional means of bringing the congregation into friendly intercourse. The pastor, Bev. A. W. "Webb, in the course of a short address, stated that the church had lost some members owing to removal to Western Australia and other places, bat the ontlook at the present time was decidedly encouraging. The programme included recitations by Miss Janes, Miss Minnie Janes and Mr Webber, a solo by Mr Rufim, a duet by Miss I.' Webb and Mr Rufiin and a quartette and anthems by members of the choir. "Referring to the bicycle road race from Bendigo to Melbourne last Saturday, the " Argus" says a word of acknowledgment is due to Mr E. P. Thomas; Mr E. W. T. Plmnmer, and Dr Daley, of - Gisborne. who very kindly assisted Carpenter when he met with his accident, and probably saved him from serious consequences. Such services on the road commend themselves to wheelmen generally. Carpenter is recovering fast, hut it will be some time before he can go on the track a irain. At a meeting" of coal trimmers held at Newcasrie on Monday it was decided that boss trimmers should at all times employ full gangs, - and it was also decided to take a ballot of the trade as to whether this and other rules of the union should be strictly* enforced in future. The result is awaited withsome anxiety, as. the tradespeople are very averse to any further labor disturbance. An arrangement has been come to between the steamship companies trading between Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide and the railway authorities of the three colonies, to make their return rickets interchangeable. This will be of great advantage to the travel ling public, as holders of return rail tickets can exchange to steamer for their return journey if so desired, or. vice versa. It is merely necessary to apply to the office of the company at the port where it is desired to exchange. The steamship companies parties to the agreement are the A.IT.S.N. Co.,. Adelaide S. Co., Huddart, Parker, and Co., and "Win. Howard Smith and Sons. If ever there was a satire on free-trade, writes a correspondent of the 4t Australian Star," it is the present condition of things on the Maeleay River. While ships of thou sands of tons burden can bring huge cargoes of produce from San Prancisco, Victoria, New Zealand, Tasmania, Noumea, &c.;, into Sydney free of market '* tolls in almost any shape, the wharves up and down the Macleay are stacked with thousands of bags of maize awaiting shipment. At Green Hills alone, the head of navigation, some 2S00 bags are piled up, while at every wharf below, up to the Palmare River and EInchela Creek, the same kind of congestion exists. Owing to the shallow depth, of water on the bar, the steamers can only leave partly loaded, and at the present rate of getting it away it will he two years before this season's crop of maize j will reach. Sydney. The Elaine correspondent of the "Ballarat Star "says:—"Mining matters at Elaine continue to make satisfactory progress, and good yields are being obtained. A small crushing of about 6 tons from the New Chum east and west giving the handsome return of 2oz 3dwt to the ton. The lode in this mine has widened out from a few inches at the surface to two feet at a depth of 30 feet; the quality of the stone also improving. This promises to be a very valuable property. The proprietors—Johnson, Toy, and party—have resolved to put it into a syndicate. The last, crushing from the New Victoria went over 3oz to the ton, which is the lowest yield yet obtained from that 'claim. Hynes and O'Loughlin got 7oz to the ton—nearly the half being loose gold and the remainder being obtained through the mill. Ashfield Brothers crushed 18 tons- for 12oz, a most excellent yield considering the body of stone they have, and that a great part of this crushing was only looked upon by them as mullock." A Sydney telegram says:—" Reports from the country go to show that the prospects of the coming crop are good, as compared with those of the corresponding date in last year'. The wheat fields of New South ..Wales-have this season a decided advantage, although it is stated that:the late sowings are not in all cases as far "forward as fanners would like. "With a moderate rainfall later on a bountiful harvest seems, as far as can he judged from reports to hand, assured, ibis, it is held, is borne out by the fact that some holders of grain in the eouutry districts arc" showing more willingness to quit their stocks, even on the concession on the rates recently cur rent." Inquiries made into the condition of the clothing trade at Sydney by "representatives of the 11 Daily ' Telegraph " show that sweating is extensively carried on by some of the employers at that city. Colonial tweed trousers, are now made for 4*d per pair and eyen lower, at which rates unfor tunate women and girls, by working night and day, only manage to eke out a miserable existence. According to one authority, uniform suits for State employes are made for 2s 7d each : another instance of prices being reduced at such a low ebb as to render the circumstances of the unfortunate em ployes most deplorable. j^A correspondent at Mount Doran says that a miner named S. Robinson recently discovered a golden nugget weighing lQos. Mr F. J. Martell, director and registrar of | the Ballurat School of Mines, who has re j turned from a visit totheAlbury Exhibition, '-states that numbers of farmers are still ! leaving Victoria to settlo in New South j Wales. j On Monday eveninga conference took place • at the Town Hall, Scbastopol. between the ; members of the Borough council and Mr W. ! Anderson, M.L.A., the member for the dis trict, in reference to the proposed extension of the railway between Ballarat and Bcoac : the Sebastopol council advocating the pre viously surveyed route through the borough in preference to either of the extensions from Bucinyong or Newton. A circular was read from, the Colac shire council advocating: railway extension to Ballarat. After the subject was fully discussed, it was decided that Mayor Dickinson should represent the : Sebastopol council in the deputation to wait on the Minister of Hallways as suggested by ' the Colac shire council, to advocate the con struction of a line from Beeac to Ballarat. Mr Chas. Sommers wishes to draw attention ; to sale hy public auction of a splendid building ; block, situate Bourks-crescent, near Myers street, and adjoining the residence of P. Cody, Esq., on Wednesday, September 23rd, at '■> p.tn.' | Messrs Farter and Murphy, drapers, Moora- j bool-street, announce that they will make au ; illuminated display oi all the latest novelties j for the season this evening. Their premises will be thrown open to the public, and inspec tion of their large stocks ox the choicest goods in all departments is cordially invited. Messrs H. Blomfield B^-own and Co. will hold a sale of household furniture and sundries in their rooms to-morrow, commencing at 11 a.m. The private residence attached to the store or Mr Guthrie, of Kyabnim, was noticed to be in flames on Monday night, and Mrs Guthrie, in attempting to escape, was very severely burned. She died three hours later after suffering great agony. Entries close this afternoon at 5 orclock for the grand annual show of dogs, under the management of the Geelong and District Kennel Club, which is to be held in the Ex hibition annexe on the 30th inst. and 1st October. This evening there is to be an extra attrac tion at the Columbia Skating Rink in Ryrie street lu addition to the skating amusement there is to be a shadow pantomime entertain ment with the view of providing an evening's amusement for those who enjoy the Wednes day half-holiday. On Friday evening a meeting of delegates in connection with the hard wicket junior cricket competition will be held in the rooms of Messrs Duckworth and Fox. - Messrs Heudy, Deary and Co. draw the attention of investors and others to the sale of properties in the estate of James Scott, deceased, on Thursday, 2Hh inst., commenc ing at 2 p.m. . ^Black regalia was worn by the members of the Self-Reliance Tent, I.O.R., at their fort nightly meeting last night, on account of the death of Bro. MRnes, which occurred since the previous meeting. A letter was read from Bro Godbehear, thanking the members for the sympathy shown to him during his recent bereavement, and also expressing his apprecia tion of the services rendered by the tent medical officer. Two new members were elected, and one proposed. The item on the syllabus was <% Officers night." and at the con clusion of the business of the tent, the mem bers were • invited to purtake of coffee and refreshments provided by the officers, who were thanked for their hospitality. 