NEWS AND NOTES. A Warning to Trades People.-The police yesterday gave notice to several trades people in the city who had goods exposed for sale on the footways that, unless the goods were removed within four hours, proceedings -would be taken. In several cases the warning was not obeyed, and summons ?s are accordingly being issued in these cases. BUILDERS* LABOURERS SOCIETY.-A meeting of this society was held at Jacoby's Cafó de Paris last night, when there was a full attendance. The usual business was gone through. Seven new niembjrs were initiated. The members present were unanimous with regard to the necessity of kcr-ping out Chinese. Reports from various delegates wero received. The Sisters of the People.-The third annual meeting of the Sisters of the People will be held next Monday evening in £5t. Gsirge's Hall. Owing to the limited seat- ing accommodation admission will be by j ticket. Tickets are obtainable at the | Sisters' Home, William-street, or at Wesley , Manse, Hay-street. His Excellency the Governor h.i3 consented to preside. I Cheap Excursion Tbains.-The Rail i way Department notify that a cheap ex 1 cursicn train will leave Fremantle at 12 noon and Perth at 1.5 p.m. to-day for Serpentine and intermediate stations, re- turning from Serpentine at 6 p.m. The fares published are very low, and no doubt many will avail themselves of tho oppor- tunity to visit the floral districts of the south-weat. Tenders for Public Works.-Tenders for various public works were opened as usual at the office of the Works Depart- ment at noon yesterday. The following were the lowest tenders in respect of the works mentioned:-Roebourne gaolers' and prison warders' quarters, S. Stansmore;' Newcastle police quarters, H. Parker ; Car- aar von-Gascoyne junction police station, P. Davern. Mb. Faulkner.-Among the arrivals at Albany on Saturday last by the IÍ.M.S. Valetta were Mr. and Mrs. Faulkner, who luve returned from a si* months' visit to England. Mr. Faulkner, we are glad to hear, is quite restored fo health, the opera- tion he had to undergo having been entirely successful. He has also asked us to say that he can now be seen by parents al any time at the High School. To-day's Issue.-To-day's issue of the We-t Auseralian consists of 10 pages, or SS columns in all. A two-page supple- ment contains among other interesting reading matter numerous letters, "Mec- kering Notes,'' and our Sydney letter. The Bungemall Gold Find.-A tele- gram has been received from the Rendent Magistrate at Carnarvon, stating that a good supply of water has been struck at 30ft on the scene of the recent, gold dis- covery at Bunçemall. Mr. C. D. V. Fosa adds that development work on the pro- perty is progressing satisfactorily. Georgia Minstrel Troupe. - That clever combination of entertainers, the Georgia Minstrel Company and tho Wilkin- son Dramatic Company, concluded a most successful season at Fremantle last even- ing vrhen an attractive programme was submitted which met with hearty response from the audience. The company proceed to Geraldton to-day, opening there for a short season on Thursday night with " Uncle Tom's Cabin." Presentation.-At a recent meeting of the Fremantle League of the Cross, a presentation of a valedictory address, together with a piece of silver suitably inscribed, was made to Mr. J. J. Fitzgerald by the pupils of St. Patrick's Boys' School. Mr. Fitzgerald, -who has relinquished the position of head master of that school to take up a post in the Railway Department, feelingly expressed his appieciation of the beautiful address and handsome present made to him. Fremantle Literart and Musical Society.- On Monday evening last the Fremantle Literary and Musical Society held their usual weekly meeting, when a lecture by the president, Mr. W. A. Win day, entitled " Before and Behind the "dcenes," was given. The address -was listened to with marked attention, and frequent tokens of approbation were given during the discourse. At the close, the lecturer was accorded a hearty vote of thanks, carried by acclamation. Guildford Licensing Court.-At the Guildford Licensing Court on Monday before the Licensing Bench, licenses were, granted to the following persons :-H. Hummerston, Helena Vale Hotel, Midland Junction, publican's license ; G. Pres sentin, Lockeridge Hotel, West Guildford, publican's license; B. Bailliu, Midland Junction, wine license. An application for a provisional publican's license by J. E. Bowring for a new house at Smith's Mill was refused. Mi -s Gwen Davies's Concert-To-night tho many admirers of this popular artiste will hive a last opportunity of listening to her cultured vocalisation and sympa- thetic singing. The well-filled box plan at Nicholson's testifies to the appreciation in which Miss G wen Davies is held by the music lovers of Perth. Very few reserved seats are loft, and St. George's Hall will doubtless be taxed to its utmost seating capacity. Tickets to all seats can be aib obtained at tho Perth Book Depot, 124 William-street, or at Nicholson's, Barrack street. Supreme Court.-Tho September civil sittings of the Supreme Court were com- menced yesterday before Mr. Justice Stone. The whole of the day was occupied in the hearing of the case of Birch and others v. Paterson, which was an action brought by a number of the members of the Birch family, to recover possession of a house and appurtenances in the possession of Dr. Paterson. After hearing the evidence the learned judge gave judgment of nonsuit with costs. The Court wiU. sit again at half-past 10 o'clock this morning. Reported Accident on jhe Mullewa Cue Line.-A. correspondent gives us the following particulars of am accident re- ported to have happened on the Mullewa Cue railway line last Friday evening. It is said that a mixed train consisting of 21 trucks and a passenger carrage, was pro- ceeding from Mullewa. When about six miles from the starting point some of the trucks left the rails. The engine and pas- senger carriage fortunately retained their position, but the trucks and brake-van are said to have been smashed to pieces. It is also reported that the guard was severely injured, Art Exhibition.-The exhibition of oil paintings and other works of art which is being held in a gallery which has been specially prepared for the promoters at the rear of the Eagle Chambers, Hay street, continues to obtain support at the hands of the public. The introduction of these pictures has been secured at con- siderable expense, and the collection in- cludes the works of several Royal Academi- cians and other artists of note, and as the gallery has been tastefuUy furnished visitors can inspect the pictures with every convenience. The exhibition is open in the afternoon and evening. Wedding at Bunbury.-On Thursday last, reports the Southern Times, a very quiet marriage was celebrated in St. Paul's Church, Bunbury, when Mr. William King was united in the bonds of Holy matrimony to Mrs. Lucinda Wimbridge, who has for some years past been ths hostess of the Wellington HoteL The service was performed by the Rev. W. F. Marshall. Mr. Geo. Forrest gave the bride away, Miss Smith was the brides- maid, and Mr. Walter Illingworth acted as best man. After the ceremony the happy couple repaired to the Wellington Hotel, where their health was drunk in cham- pagne. The Wrecked Ketch Swift,-The Postmaster-General yesterday received a telegram addressed from Eyre from Mr. Brown, officer in charge of «-"Hp telegraph, construction party which v engagea in recovering the cargo of telegraph material from the wrecked ketch Swift, at Twilight Cove. Mr. Brown stated that 35 tons of material had been recovered up to Monday morning. Since Saturday the salvage operations had been hampered by heavy surf at the wreck, and the only boat re- maining had been stove in. A raft had, however, been made, and with this it was hoped, if the weather permitted, to bring the balance of the material ashore in a day or two. Tree Planting at Kanowna.-The Bureau of Agriculture sent a short time ago, in response to the request of the Mayor of Kanowna, twelve assorted shade trees for experimental planting in the township. Under date of the 3rd inst., the Mayor (Mr. W. Lowes) wrote to the secre- tary stating that the trees "were all planted on Sunday, the 23rd August, and are looking splendid at this date. I will advise you later as to their progress. I feel confident that with proper attention almost any tree will grow in this town." There have been two consignments of trees and plants sold in Coolgardie recently, and both realised good prices. Fremantle League of the Cross. An attractive programme was pro- vided at the weekly concert given under the auspices of the Fremantle League of the Cross in St. Patrick's Hall, at Fremantle, on Monday evening. The Rev. Father O'Ryan presided. Songs were rendered by Masses Julia Thorpe, Pierce, Maher, Simmonds, Grover, and Messrs. Kerwick, Stanley Evans, A. J. Viner, and Lynch. Recitations were given by Miss Julia Mcintyre and Mr. Stanley Evans, and a piano solo by Miss Owens was nicely ren- dered. Mr. W. O. Mason played the ac- companiments. A West Australian Dinner.-Mr. W. G. Hearman, the well-known breeder of prize poultry, who was so successful at the recent show of the W.A. Poultry and Dog Society, and who subsequently sold his entire stock of prize-winners, has issued invitations for a dinner to be held on Friday evening next, September 11th, at 7 o'clock. The judges at tho recent show, conimitteemen of the society, and repre- sentatives of the Press havo received invi- tations. It is Mr. Hearman's intention to provide a very delectable menu for the occasion, especially providing only West Australian-bred poultry, including ducká, geese, and turkeys, v/hUe the vegetables to accompany the roast, boiled, and baked dishes are also to be West Australian grown ones. The liquid refreshment will be the only non-West Australian-produced articles. Labour Dispute at Fremantle.—The threatened strike amongst the masons em- ployed by Mr. T. Jardine, the contractor for the erection of St. John's Parish Hall at Fremantle, did not take place yesterday morning, and the matter has been left in abeyance until Thursday morning. The demand of the workmen that their wages should be increased from 11s. to 12s. per day will be discussed at a meeting of the Builders and Contractors' Association to be held this evening, after which Mr. Jardine will give his final decision. The men state that unless the proposed increase is agreed to they will not resume work on Thursday morning, but will go on to some other job, where they allege they can get the higher rate. Mr. Jardine maintains that the wages paid by him are the same as those given by the majority of the builders and contractors. Raid on Dogs.—Yesterday the police commenced a crusade against the stray dogs or the city, and at intervals during the d:»y reluctant policemen, leading equally reluctant canines, might have been seen proceeding from various parts of the city towards the Waterside Police Station. The arrested dogs were chained up in the yard at the station, where ev:denco of their presence could be distinctly heard during yesterday and last nillir. Many of them were '. bailed out " and led home by their owners, but there are still a. goodly number left. If, ,ifter the lapso of a certain time prescribed by the Act which empowers the arrest of the vagrant dogs, the owners of the remainder do not claim them, applica- tion will be made to the Court for an order for their destruction. A Remarkable Jarrah Tree.- Mr. Ephraim Gardiner, of the Ferguson, tells the Southern Times of a remarkable jarrah tree that he saw recently when on a trip to the branch of the Collie River. The tree, which was a conspicuous object in the surrounding landscape, measured 3ft. from the ground 56 links in circum- ference, so that on calculation it will be found to be about 12ft. 2in. in diameter. The tree was not a high one, but branched at about 33ft. from the ground. Mr. Gardiner says that when on the Donnelly some years ago he took considerable notice of the karri there, which is of wide repute for its magnificent growth, and the largest tree then seen in that locality measured only 54 links in circumference. As karri trees are usually supposed to outmeasure jarrah it will be interesting (remarks the Times) to note whether any data will be forthcoming of trees surpassing this last addition to the uncrowned monarchs of the woods. Doctors and Advertising. - At the British Medical Association's meeting in Carlisle, last month, an animated discus- sion took place in the ethics section upon quackery and advertising. Dr. Ding- wall, in introducing the subject, said that advertising was held to be unprofessional, but it was to a certain extent practised in the highest spheres. Dr. Broadbent (Man- chester) read a paper on the connection between quackery and advertising. Surely, he said, there should be some power in their profession effectually to prevent ad- vertising. His own idea was that they should educate their brethren to dis- continue it. It was a mistake to suppose that when aman was qualified he could not be a quack. To his mind the recent practice of placing on doorplates the words " physician and surgeon " was advertising. It seemed to have originated in young practitioners trying to impress people that they knew more than the old ones. Dr. Hardman (Blackpool) said by advertising a man could tell a bad thing better than a good thing. Take a certain pill. The man that invented it made a huge fortune. It was analysed and found to consist of breadcrumbs and gamboge, and was so badly made that out of six one was found to contain enough to purge six people, and the other five contained none at all. That pill had an enormous sale, and the man died worth an enormous sum. Sib Gerard Smith and "Truth."-It will bo remembered that some months ago, speaking at a luncheon at Carlisle vineyard, near Guildford, His Excellency the Go- vernor made some humorous allusionB in regard to his ancestry. Those allusions were taken seriously in some local quarters, and London Truth, Mr. Labouchere's paper, fell into a similar error. Di its issue of August 6, which arrived by the last mail from England, Truth explains how the mistake arose. " Some comment was," remarks the editor, "made in Truth a few weeks ago upon a speech of Sir Gerard Smith, the Governor of Western Aus- tralia, which I think it is my duty tomodify on further information as to the facts. The truth seems to be that the speech in question was made to an audience of about twenty people in a tent, on the occasion of an inspection of a vine- growing district by a committee of the Bureau of Agriculture ; and that the report which found its way into one of the local papers, and on which my comment was founded, was chiefly the product of journalistic imagination, and bore no relation whatever to the Governor's remarks. At this distance of time it seems hardly worth while to say more on the subject, or I should be disposed to tender some advice to one of my West Australian contemporaries on the duties of a news- paper in reporting the speeches of public men." Wedding in Perth.-A pretty wed- ding was celebrated at the Brisbane street Wesley Church on Monday morning, 7th inst., the contracting parties being Mr. Thos. Onions, of Barrack-street, and Miss Clara Hollands, of Lamb-street. The Rev. A. J. Barclay officiated, and Mr. E. A. Wholohan acted as best man. The bride, who was charmingly dressed in cream broché and cashmere with silver and pearl trimmings, and beefeater lace hat with broché and bridal trimmings, was accom- panied by Sister Marian as chief brides- maid, and the little Misses Beatrice Onions and Jeanie Arnott as assistants, the two latter being dressed in apple green nun's veiling and lace, with baskets of rare flowers-the gifts of the bridegroom. The bride and Sister Marian carried beautiful shower bouquets, also the gift of the bride- groom. The breakfast was held at the residence of the bride's mother. After the usual toasts had been honoured the happy couple left for Bunbury on their honey- moon. The following is a list of the presents :-Half-dozen egg spoons, mother of the bride ; work-box, select girls' class, Brisbane-street; plush and ivory embossed album, officers and teachers Brisbane street Wesley Church ; vase and fan, Mr. E. Williams; butter dish and knife, Bachelors' Home ; jam cruet, Miss Jones ; epergne, Mrs. McBride; bread fork, Rev. and Mrs. T. Bird ; serviette rings, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Wholohan; pair hand-painted glass vases, Mrs. and Mrs. C. Crouch; book, Rev. G. E. and Mrs. Rowe; book, Sister Marian; bread and butter dishes, Mrs. F. Woodbridge ; centre epergne, Mr. and Mrs. J. Veryard; fruit dishes and plates, Mr. and Mrs. Genge ; pair gold ear- rings, bridegroom to bride. _ A Land Difficult*.-According to the latest developments, the discovery of gold at Boojidup (remarks the Southern Times) bids fair to prove a very lucrative invest- ment-for the legal profession. It will be remembered that Mr. E. C. B. Locke secured 200 acres of the land under the agricultural regulations prior to the dis- covery attracting that public attention which it has since received. Trouble, how- ever, crept into force, as certain prospec- tors claimed to have pegged out their areas on Mr. Locke's land prior to his application for an agricultural area being granted. Tho Government were thus appar- ently placed in a dilemma, and some nego- tiations arose, theresults of whichhave from time to time been made public. The latest phase of the question, however, took piano a day or two ago, when Mr. E. C. B. Locke received a notification from the Lands Department to the effect that the sale of the land to him had been cancelled, and he could have his purchase money refunded on application at the Lauds Department. Tile Southern. Times states that it has heard on good authority that he is not inclined to let so valuable a property as 200 acres of auriferous land slip through his fingers, and has consulted his solicitors, with the result that he has been advised that he has an excellent case against the Government. He, therefore, has instructed his solicitors to reply to the Government te tho effect that he will not relinquish his hold upon the land. The same paper is further informed that, if necessary, Mr. Locke is prepared to carry his case into a .court of law. Our Mineral Resources.-"We have received by this mail" (remarks the London Citizen of August 1) " a letter from a gentleman of high position in Western Australia, who hesitated some time ago in a communication to us to express the opinion that the We3t Avstralian goldfield was a permanent one. He now modifies his views to a considerable extent, although he sees no reason for altering his opinion pre- viously formed, that there is as yet no for- mation in the country ejusdem generis with the Rand at Johannesburg. Yet, speaking broadly, it is beyond question that the basis (geologically speaking) of the gold bearing strata is volcanic, plutonic, grani- tic, or call it what you nill, and that it is in those- hard and almost impermeable for- mations that lode- or chutes of quattz and almost every considerable material ave found, which all contain gold. Indeed, it is a iaot that gold has" been discovered in mat ¿rial and under circumstances in the colony which put to flight every conceivable "theory or practice of the geologist and the mineralogist. Our in- formant has, however, changed his view altogether towards the industry in that he now perceives qidte clearly that the area of auriferous ground in Western Australia is praetieally unlimited and inexhaustible. He also expresses the opinion that only tho very fringe of the rich finds yet to be» made has been touched, and that dis- coveries of coal of fine quality, opals, dia- monds, and rich copper deposits appear to him to be within a measurable distance of realisation." The same corresponden has apparently written to the same effect to London Truth. Tun Japanese Earthquake.-Mr. W. T. Allen, of the West Australian Mortgage Co., writing from Perth to the Australasian on August 6, says :—"In connection with the recent disastrous waves on the coasts of Japan and China, the following facts may interest readers who study such phenomena, which, so far as I am aware, have not been previously reported: At the date of the above occurrence, I was on Karratha Station, about 30 miles-west of Roeburne, W.A., and whilst there several distinct shocks of earthquake were felt by many, persons in that locality, one in particular being so severe that the iron roofs rattled ou the buildings, causing the manager's family to rush out of doors. This lasted about a minute, during which time the earth trembled and a noise was heard resembling that caused by a vehicle when rapidly driven over a bridge, the motion appearing to be travelling from south, to north. Mr. Tozer, manager of Kar- ratha, assured me that he distinctly heard the explosions when Krakatoa was blown to atoms in the Sunda Straits some years ago, on which I re- marked—'If we watch the cables for the next few days, we shall probably hear of some great seismic disaster,' which predic- tion, unfortunately for its victims, was amply verified. The weather at the time the above happened was warm, clear,time perfectly calm. The editor of the Aus- tralasian appends to the above the sub- joined note :—'As earth tremors are often noticed in Australia, mere coinci- dence in date is hardly sufficient to connect an earthquake in Japan with a slight movement in North-West Aus- tralia. At the same time, it is believed that slight shocks recorded in some of the European observatories were traceable to Japan. Mr. Allen has omitted to supply two particulars, the precise day and hour when the tremors were noticed. Without such data the observations are of no value.' Weit Australian Ores.-Concerning the difficulty attending the treatmentof the golden ores of the West Australian mines, Mr. Herbert J. Daly, the special mining reporter of the Melbourne Argus, writes : " As the existence of payable gold has been now most satisfactorily demon- strated on this field, the problem of tho future resolves itself into the question of how to raise the percentage of gold ex- tracted from the ore. When this is ac- complished and a permanent supply of water obtained, the gold output, even from the few really good mines already opened np, would be such as to cause considerable wonder. But it is not hard to discover what impedes better battery results under what is a purely mechanical milling process, as here no metallurgical problem has to bo solved through almost the total absence of pyrites in the ore. One hindrance to better results is the large percentage of finely distributed gold, which occurs in a character invisible to the naked eye, and also largely in a form which is termed flour or mustard gold ; though, at the same time, gold of a coarser character is by no means an in- frequent occurrence. Still, it is not only the high percentage of fine gold which obstructs better results from the ordi- nary battery amalgamation process. The main factor which causes the loss of gold is found to be the extremely dry nature of the crushing material and tho scarcity of clear water. These two unsatisfactory elements combine in giving rise to excessive slimes, and thus carrying off into the tailings from 20 to 40 per cent, of the gold contents of the ore. The fact is, the companies at work on this field have not yet been working to save gold, but have had to crush rock These statements are not made as any reflection on the skill of those who manage the mines, but as a plain matter of actual fact. The wonde- "* that so much has been accomplished against the almost insuperable odds that here have had to be contended against, which would have proved a fatal hindrance to any other industry but gold mining. A great many problems have yet to be worked out on the Western Australian goldfields, and tima alone can solve them." * Interesting to Shareholders.-Writ- ing to the South Australian Register a correspondent remarks :-" It is somewhat amusing-that is if you are not a shareholder-to take a turn around the mines. It is calculated ..by those who know that, with few exceptions, every bit of work done costs about double what it ought to do. Men utterly unused to mining accept with lying alacrity the most resposible positions, and then begin to loaf the hours away with the most patient indifference. Drive up unex- pectedly to a mine, and you usually seo one man at a windlass leisurely surveying the country from the top of a mullock heap, occasionally shouting words of cheer to his mate below. To most of such mines a captain is appointed. He has probably from four to eight men under him. He is not ex- pected to work himself, and often enough does not seem to regard it as any part of his duty to make others work. Ho is paid for lying in his tent reading and banging away the flies with a mallee branch; at least one would suppose so from the assiduity with which he performs this task. Take five mines out oí ten and get the work done valued, and compare the cost with what it ought to have cost, and the shareholders would be ill for a week. But then who knows? Do tile directors? Doe3 the secretary? What need of a captain over every little mining property? If some trouble were taken, could not adjacent properties be worked under the general supervision of some good man, the payment of whose salary could ba shared by the whole, and then let the in- dividual mines have a good practical miner as foreman. A time is coming, and that' rapidly, too, when, in order to pay divi- dends, expenses must be kept down, and the strictest personal supervision must be exer- cised. Let those -Rho are responsible in Adelaide ask themselves what they íeallj know of the cost of the woik done as com- pared with what it ought to cost, of tha time taken to do things comparad with what it ought to take. A little cerious thought on these matters would, I am sure, result in drabtic changes. Some of the diiec tors send their secretaries round now and then, but what do they know about mmin ** -the majority of them?-they are only office men. If some of the Adelaide Com- panies would only combine and send round every now and then a competent and inde- pendent inspector to examine and report, the increased activity which would result would pay for the cost over and over again, and the noble army of mining captains would come out of their tents andbustlo around a bit. Criticism of this kind is not, of course, capable of universal ap- plication, but I have visited scores of mines, and in the majority ol' instauca» I have seen from captain downward but little energy or push, and the whole system wants altering badly if share-holders are ever to get the ghost of a dividend." 