©ULCIE EVERTOK If': y/;,;|Y By. MRS. HTSTNN LIMTON. ' a'hor of " The True History of Joshua Davidson," " My Dove," " Under which lord," "One Too Many," &e;, 1 l' ALL, QUEENSLAND RIGHTS RESERVED. CHATTER I. ri. Good . tempered anil' unselfish ; con- lYY tented with homo and not longing for Sf:-j change;; with a conscionco kopt scrupu-' ii 4 lou'sly bright, yot not morbidly mtrospeb- tivo nor afraid of spiritual shadows; f knowing little of tho sorrows of lifo and less of its perplexities and sins; not dabbling in filth on tho pretcnco of Searching for an impossible purity ; not u propagandist of any half crazy faith whatsoever; noither the travesty of a young man' in . dress nor his panting imitator in pursuits ; noither a- ' Soul ' nor a ' good follow ' — neither ' fast ' Wor ' earnest '—Dulcie Everton ' was (is Sanlike any of these modern types as her home was unliko a modern home, aid 'her upbringing had been different from tho loose-handed system in present rogue. ' . A daintily . touched sentiment . of simplicity and reserve gave atone to tho lifo at Everton Hall which impressed a stranger with the senso of something sweet and rare — something akin, to the aocnt of dried roseleaves and jessamino flowers heaped up in an old cliiha bowl. There was an almost puritanical spirit over all that quiet life, which yet was not narrow, nor harsh, not gloomy nor forbidding. It was only simple, con tented, refined, and tenderly imbued with that . patriarchal flavour : which » gives more than' modern authority to the parents, and less thau : modern license to the children, entailing on the »no the duty, of direction, on the other that of obedience to authority. If Duloio had bred true, according to tho best traditions of the stock whence . who sprang, her brother Aston had in some senso 'sported.' Tho old Adam ' had broken out in him ; and that obedi ence to authority, together with the self-restraint winch his parents im pressed on him as the only thing becoming to a. Christian English gentle man, got decidedly winnowed and scattered by tho self-assertive energies and somowhat undisciplined impulses more natural to his generation. Aston was a fine, upstanding young fellow, as ready to do a kind deed as to utter a passionate word — quick at a blow, and lavish with the golden plaster ?.o follow— brave, tine, and straight as a flitv-u gentleman and a man of honour, out without that Quaker-like self-control Which made his mothor so sweet yet so almost unapproachable— witli none of 'hut gruvo kind of Christian stoicism which lifted his father so far above tho heads of tho people in and about Green Lanes. In fact he had ' thrown back ;' . Mid both in person and character repro duced that hardy adventurer, his father's nnclc, whom no school could keep, no ' experience discipline, and who at last ended his lifo in an obscure brawl in ' .Mexico, whither his roving fortunes hiid led him. As hb was, handsome and generous, true-hearted and brave, ineapablo. of falsehood, meanness, trcaelicry or malice, his gentle mother trembled for his soul whilo she prayed for his re demption; and his father feared the bad end which comes to tho man of wrath when tho cup of his ill-doings, and their deserving! is full. Duloio had nono of these fears. To her, Aston was simply perfection, and she saw no flaw in him. Though sho did not share, she could sympathise with tho ardent temperament which needed wider expansion than that which any young man's homo can givo ; and : when her brother proposed to qualify himself for the duties of an .English landlord by doing rough exploring work In Africa, sho quite understood tho value of tho oxperiment-ror thought she did, which came to tho samo thing. Thus, when Aston urged on his farcnts tho immenso advantages lying ; . . for him in tho ckanoos of being eaten ! by wild beasts, speared by naked savages, or quietly laid low by fever, sho stood by him heroically,' suppressing her own griof and dismay for lovo's sako. By which it caino to pass that v ; Aston Everton left Green Lanes for A" . Zanzibar and onward; with what sucooss . f remains to bo soen. ' For the present ho iV was out of tho home . picture and apart (,.h from tho homo life.. But there was jif. ; always tho future when lie should A , return and resume his old plaeo as tho . heir and future proprietor of the estate £;' —-all tho hotter oquipped. for the right . management of Horefords and South- j.\ downs by the experience ho had got in shooting buffnloos and koodoos-r-moro A, ilivo to tho yiiluo of silos and grain- lands because of his education . in the preparation . of manioc and tho cooking s. y " of yams and papaws. Y- .' './ After he'left, though Dulcio .did not permit hersqlf-;to. fret, sho did foel i; . strangely lonesome.'. The Y.Hall ...seemed,; i:' so- big. and empty for. 'waute. of that ' vigorous young life. which liad flllod tho t wholo place: with its ' overflowing ;.,.t vitality I' Tho ebhoos wore so silent, ?:; . the rooms ; and corridors 'so dcsortcdi "v .Ofton memory and imagination, tribked: ,« her with' a sudden' sound— a passing \ ' ' shadow— that for the moment swopt ; - away hpr good senso and better reason ; iiv. 1 and sho would turn, expecting to seo sY". her tall brother como striding down the Y passage, waiting to hear the strong voice YYY, call lustily, ' Dulcie !' or more often, j; 'Toffee,' or 'Everton Toffee'— which V , was his favourite ' poacock's feather' of V- teasing love and affectionato offeqeo. '.V. But, as ho used to say, tho thing was too solf-evidently suggestive ; and it was all the fault of tho unimaginative namegivors, who could not link together two ideas to make a wholo. 'Dulcie Everton!' "Why, she was . toffoo, and sugar-candy, bulls'-oyes, barley-sugar, and the wholo bag of sweets in one ; and who could help swing tho connection ? V- ' Ah ! how ardently Duloio wished that sho could now indoed liear hersolf ' insulted' as her brother kfwl . so ofton insulted her ; and that she had cauBe to Come running down the BtoirC to declare, with all a girl's special logic, that' she would not, no sho would not answer .irim at aU if he.j.called her by. -that But Aston, .in , his ' hollow ship,' tossed on tho broad' bccau'.liko a shuttlccock betweoh wind'and wave, was not . vory liltoly to .appear suddenly at Evorton Ilall. — not .very .likely;- to. shout: out ' Duloio or- yToffce,' or ' Sugaf-plum,' or any other , of - the thousand and.: one names ho called hor; ;; unless, indeed;' that erucl jado Atropos took it in hand to cut liis thread of life before the law ful spinning was ono-thml through, Then perhaps his wraith mighty have glided , through ' tho hall in, that gray hour of tho gloaming which wraiths so spcoinlly affect. . ! ; If the Psychical Society has any back bone iu it at all, and if ..the folk who ply it with their weird experiences aro not open-eyed dreamers for tho one part, or shameless fabricators ' for tho other,' this might have been Aston' s way of .tolling his bolovcd sister that . ho hnd followed the example of Hylas and gone dowii to 'mash tho : mermaids at tlio 'bottom of the. sea, 'even as this other wont , to join the Nereids. Happily, oven: this shadowy passage of the woll known form was not made; and grndur ally Dulcie ceased to expect the im possible, while things settled down into their narrower groove and more re stricted interests. Yet over Aston's absence ivus. to her mind liko an empty" sleeve across, the .family breast ; Avith this glad difforenoo 'between .tlio symbol and the rpnl thing— tho one would sonio day bo refilled with the living flesh , and blood belonging, whilo the other, if over aught but empty, could hold only wood and springs. ' The- society about Green Lanes, was much what all society is in .'country places in England. There were the two undeniable Olympians who stood apart. Then earno the county families, shading off by insensible gradations into tho ruck, through tho higher and lower middles, till tho last stratum of all was reached and tho wholo thing was social ' breccia.' The Dulto and the Earl were tho ' dii Majores,' the squirearchy repre sented tho demi-gods. Tho first claimed tlio 'fautcuils,' the second the 'ta bourets,' and tho rest had to stand. Of the squirearchy Mr. Evorton was the locul .head and lender, by virtue of his age, acres, and character. . After him ranked tho woll-favourcd young owner of Hayes Hill, Martin Harrowby, now-somowherc ubrond. Then followed tho Smiths and tho Browns, the Joneses and the llobinsons, tho Whites and the Blacks, tho Johnsons and tho Tomkin- sons, till tho. tailing grow too attenu ated for social recognition, and everi'the most catholic of tho garden-parties knew them not. Tho Rector's family occupied a place apart, as belongs to tho church gouo- rally. They were tho connecting link between, the lower and the highor of that vague generalisation called ' society,' and they did their work well, nsbofittod their pluco and calling. In their own persons thoy wore well-born folk. Ho was a Grantloy — ono of tho Grontleys of ' Loamsliiro ; and she had been a Merriiuau — and; tho Morrimans wcro peoplo of condition in tlio county wlioro cider is made and cowslips aro plentiful. Hence, by tho power of social consecra tion, as well as by that of ecclesiastical authority, thoy stood between the heaven .of tho high and the earth of the low ; and whilo ono slender hook was hitched into tho duko's garter, another quite as slender clipped a fragment of tho flag wliich.'that rubicund old sea- dog, Captain Gcorgo Jones,. Into of tho merchant servico, loved to hoist over the Myrtles, whero ho lived. For tho rest, .there wore buxom girls waiting their turn ; some fading, some ' a point,' othors coming on ; with cor responding youths surging homo for tho holidays anil vacations, when thoy might freo themselves from tho task of open ing their sovoral oysters. There wofo young married peoplo absorbed in the duties of rearing and providing for ' tlio children thoy brought into tlio .world with unfailing regularity evory two years or so ; and there woro old people who had got through this part of life, and raj||' sat in grayness and solitude in tho homo which had onco" boon bright with tho light of youth aud' love; noisy with tho sound, of pattering foot," and blitho. with 'happy voices. There vyoro tho old maid whom disappointment and her barren youth liad soured into so much.living vinegar, and, the old maid whom tho passago of time had mollowed to . a ripor beauty and sweetened to a richor tondornoss. There , woro old baeholors .of various ' kinds — some fussy and benevolent, some snarling and can tankerous, and others, again, gonial old follows whoso eyes had not .lost - thoir twinkle/ nor their speech tho art of flattery; -lyhon a ' protty- , woman- camp that wdyr ;; And-for . th'oso - moro than ono spinster had Bprbadt'her snares— so far in vain ; though often , it had soomcd as if that spcoial, desirable old: .bird were . on tho point of being caught. AH those people managed tho parish among them , according to status and ability— administering justice ; rebuk ing evil-doers ; succouring tho destitute, 1 and calculating to a fraction how littlo of : the ratepayers' money would keop that widow and lier seven children from absolute starvation; passing on tramps and vagabonds ; organising school feasts "and village lectures ; nnd doing all that falls within tho range of latter-day duties, whereby it is hoped to somowhat delay the final .disintegration of society as wo_ have it, and to maintain tho old organisation for some timo longor. And among them ull was not ono un faithful wife — not ono notoriously gambling, drunken, or dissipated hus band. The Ordor of Merit, undeniably due o the society of Green Lanes, might have various degrees of value ; but no ono deserved Mrs. Grundy's oensure; and.thOiUtmost she had tho right to do yyas to sniff a littlo hore, and question a little tartly there. Ho ono gavo hor cause to pronounce, boycott, or con demn By which it may bo seon what an unintollectual, unromantic, and un- , interring set, they were. i - - ,'.y 0 must giyo. a gqrdonv, party, ' said preach to'a sigh. ' > ' "\Vo ought, ' roturnod Dulcio, with a decided approach to osmilb. ' -. - . Tho difforonco lay in their, ages more than in their natures j Dulcio boing nt the time of life when movement; and -.change, of peculation nro, as necessary to , tho human boing ns flight . to tlio bii'ds On' tho branches, ' or frisking to lambs dn tho meadows; and Mrs.. Evorton having como to, the. period of quiescenco aud desire for peace. . ;' Writo tho notes, dear, ' sho. then -said to hor daughter. ' You know tlio sot— : j nst- tho- samo as usual ; and fix this day week.' r„ . AH right,' said Duloio. . 'How I wish, Astoniwas liore !' ' sho added wist- ' 'Ah! < yes, indeed,; donir . hoy ! . "Wo shall -miss him terribly, '-said tho mothor. f If v'only Martin ; had ' been at : homio it .would' i uot ' ho .'- so. bad. . Moi-tin is so helpful at these gardou— parties-— quite as muoh so us Aston.' V: :-V'V Y . Sho lookdd : at hor daughter as she said this, hut ' Dulpio's, , faco did not ehange. A / ' ''-Y'jYv : 'I wisli hphad bbon.'' sho answered hack frankly. ' "Wo do miss him. - when ho is away ! I wonder whero hb is now, and wlion ho is coming hack ? ' ' ' Ho ought, soon,' bnid Mrs. Evorton. 'Ho has booh away for over a year now," and his placo must want, him.' ;' ' It will hb jolly when ho, does , como homo,' said Dulcio. v . Mrs. Eycrton's gentle face "became unquestionably grave! It .was never stern. A.' kind of griivb- pain, was tho only sign it ,gavo of. what in another would have been tart displeasure. ; 'Mv dear,' sho saidj'quiotly, ' "jolly" is sueh an ugly schoolboy word for a girl to uso.' .; , ; 'So it is, dear,' ; replied Dulcio," peni tently, 'but it slipped out.' ' I am. sure Martin would, not liko to hear you uso such, a word,' continued tho mother, improving thooecasioa. ,'I know how much ho 'dislikes slang for girls.' Again sho looked at her daughter, as indeed sho always did vyhon sho spoko of Martin Harrowby. A good woman, nono hotter. Mrs. Evortou was yot not so entirely other- worldly-minded as not to covet a -pro sperous raarriago for Dulcio ;. arid in her own mind she had chosen Martin. Harrowby of Hayes Hill, as the son-in- law assigned to hor by ft "bcnoficont Providonco and the self- evident fitness of things. ' 'Poor Martin! Yes,' laughed- Dulcie, her frank face fuU of kindness— of affec tion, if you will. But it was the affection of q sister, confessed and unembarrassed, witli no thing of tho shy consciousness, the tremulous self -revelation of lovo. For as Martin had never 'mado love' to her, as tho phrase goes, and had always been just tbo _ careless half-brotherly good comrado as is natural to young peoplo brought.' up in tho country together, her own heart had not been touched to aught beyond the calmest and most -unexciting sisterly affection. Indeed, Dulcio Everton was not tho kind of girl to let hersolf fall in lovoi in oven an ovonescont -way, with any nmn who had not; first asked and sued. Slio had nono of thoso impelling i im- pulscs which mako somo girls' as much tho seekors as -the sought, and leave othors liko ripe plums ready to faU at tho first breath of a passing zephyi', but hold herself in .unconscious mqidenly reserve, neither seeking nor in prematuro readiness. Ho; sho was as sineoroly fond of her old playfellow Martin as slio was of Aston himself; and . .Mrs. Evorton saw that no difference, save of degree, oxistcd — ns yet — between tho two affections. AH tho samo sho hopod and dreamed — as mothors will. ' I ! remember bow. fearfully off nnd ed ho was with mo. onoo when I said he looked liko a masher,' continued Dulcio. ' Ho was days before ho forgavo me, and then not quite.' 'And- ho was right,' said Mrs. Evor ton. 'It was both rudo uud vulgar. And Duloio, my doai' child, you might improve your grammar.' 'Whereat, being hor second robuko within fivo minutes, Dulcio silently wondered if anything ailed her generally placid mother to-day. Then, kissing her, sho wont to' write tho notes which fixed tho garden-pnrty for that day woek, and asked tho usual sot' of unexciting neighbours and rospectiiblo companions,. ' CHAPTER II. ; Tlioy , wcro sitting .by tho seashcro, among tho fragrant herbs anil under tho loo of tho moss-grown boulders.., "Before thorn sparkled tho wntbrs of tlio :'twihb- ooloured sea " ; > behind thomj rose tho purple mountains fencing thorn off from tho outer world. Boycnd thoso .moun tains lay his obligations as an English landowner, liko ghosts .in' tho. twilight bcckoning' him to lcavo tlio cnchanted garden, wherein ho had lost himself, and go hack to aotivolifo and oivioduty-Y go hack now at onco, as. an honost man should, before further .'evil was donof ;/ : And hoyond thoso mountains,; too, were his warning spectres of 'doceived love and betrayed trust. ; >: Sweltering in'tho heat of tho stifliiig city, that sho might koop her, loyolihcss fresh in,'- tho cool sea" hrobzos,'-: hor husband, dreamed of hor bouuty' and wrought for hor pleasure. : But tor. 'all tlioso beckoning ghosts of. noglebted duties— for all thoso :,dmdingV spectres of sin and shame— tho man, sitting libro on the seashore the side of this ;fair woman, loved hoi1 boyohd .: truth tor honour — and the woman said she -loved him. Ho was urging hor now, onbo ; again as Lofore, to abandon .-all" fori; hint and lovo — name, place, honour, virtue — to givo up tho husband who loved her,' and against whom she bad no cause of com plaint savo that which some women find in tho vory morrittgo tio itself— to givo up her social position, her right to rank among tho rospoctablo womon of thoworld, and go with him to England whero he promised that slic should have an ideal lifo for hor own part while making tho glory and dolight of his. Ho urged his suit with passion, with insistence. Sho listened with a soft and swbet attention, ns if seriously consider ing tbo feasibility of tho plan. For somo time sho kopt silonco, and his hope rose high. Ho knew that hositation was tho lover's friend ; and she seemed tc hesitate— loaning more to tho side of acquiescence than to that of refusal. At ; last. '««Tly, ; :bs, ono making hoiydocision through,, much pain. ' : ; ; v I levo you;V'sho:b'aid; 'you knoW that I do. Bito,;thb,-'7noro., I lovo. you, i dear, the loss could:..l ' do; a thing'that would .-put you; in .a; falso position with your friends, ana bring, on you their dis- plcasnre,' ' ; Her accent, and mannor cgnvcyed the impression of ' - noble self-effnooment, finely rendered; f ' ' -' "\yhnt is . the; wholo world to me, compared with ono hour of your lovo?'' ho cried. ' 'You., in 6T desert hof ore throiioawitlioubybu'!' She yielded herself yet more pliantly to tho arm'that clasped hor waist. Her largo soft cyes(we're fuU of tliotondcrbst 'response. Round her exquisite mouth hoyorbd that faint ' smilo whereof tho .mingled sorrow; love, 'and resignation aro so divino. . Her long white fingers closed on liis with: a gontlo pressure that somehow convoyed tho sonso of con suming passion, yet of lofty renunciation. Lovo wns in all hor attitude, licr face, her form. Lovb was tho atmosphere whoroin she. liyed, tho spirit . that sho brenthed. With such depth of pas sionate lovo how could sho resist both him and hersolf ! f : ' . ; . , ; ' You should ho, so happy !' .ho whis- percfi. . ' You should never know a care or cross. My whole lifo should ho devoted to .you.. - 'You should, never regret your trust in me.' ,> 1 Yes, I boliovo that,' sho answered tendoriy. f - 1 do nqt jiesitato tor . inyself . I know, tho :lifo 'you would make for'' me. But it is for your, own sako, darling.' .-.-' f' ' - "'; 'But why .for me, . Elaine.?, >.,Do you' think . I torn no.t stihng ' ondhgh i'to; .bravo that! iniscrablo 'littlo' thing wo ' call society— that; company of dolts and hypberitos— for tho glory of your lovo.?: .With you by my sido what could touch- mo?'- ; to.., - i- v: - Y ' Yes, .you' aro strong chough and nohlo enough, . my Martin, ; I know that; But eoulcl I boar to see it ? -To know that for my i sako Volil' fi'iends had forsalreri you,' that ; you had: lost your position in the county; -that ' you - were an outcast, rather tliuh the loader you aro now ? It is a hcai-y responsibility for a woman to toko on horsolf. ' If she lovos, as I lovo you, it is an impossihlo responsibility.' ; Sho sighed, and an unwritton world of tondornoss ; mado that sigh a caress. - Sho did not say aloud, however, what sho tliouglit vrithin' horsolf, . tlmt tho consequences - slip deprecated for him would bo insupportable for horsolf. Sho, of all womon,: was least, ablo to follow to its prncticul outcome that misleading old saying about - tho I World wcH lost- for love.' Sho liked tho world - and" intriguo ; hottor - tlmn .toho loved lovb. Tho pleasures of socioty onti'imced hor;' its; vanities were tho! objects of hor . serious ambition. Sho. rejoiced in tho number of men whom sho could inflame j to passion -hnd reduco to despair, and;, strung thoir names on hoi' secret chaplobi as so many heads . on a . poisoned string. When sho entered tho crowded drawing- rooms of Paris it was delight unspenk-j- ablo to soo how hor, beauty mado strong: men giow pale, nnd to 'hoar that strange , 'catching of tho breath which-, is - as eloquent as applause, when she swopt by. To know that ho woman in tho, wliolo of that mad city cb.uld stand' as; her .rival ...and como out, victorious—! , that the most loyal man could not holdj. fnst .hy his honour .'if sho hoekoncd him! to peld— that through all tho dangers' of hor hidden lifo sho possossed a kind of self-protecting charm which not tho wildest nature among them all dared to rovengo : or betray— what greater triumph could tho most queenly splen dour give her? Aud to givo up this lifo of hors, such' as it was, tor. tho;sako -of one only, was a saorifico sho; would not havo mado, lot that ono -have, been tho king on his throno, Corfainly she would, not for . Martin Harrowby of . Hayes HiU,. tho Y young English squire, whom sho hud taken for hor - pasrimo, , hold for so long as it suited hor convonionoo, . and now, was bound to got rid of. "Tho moment was dangerous. " Martin had bceomo importunuto and imreason- nblo,: not recognising, tho. logic of cir cumstances,; and demanding tho im- possiblo ; and Elaine's husband, Jaequos Courcolles, was i coming - now, on tho: instant, to Montonc. ,. This, was tho last 'timo thoso .two .could meet togothor in seomity. Tlioy must sopurato ; or Martin must consent to bp disoroot: and wiso ; or, that third way, but. tho. impossiblo ! sho must do as lio prayed, and go" off, to England with him, prepared to : bravo nil thb; bordid . cousoquonqos' 'of hor. romantic sacrifice;;" . TWs yvas what ho desirod ; !iud this was what sho had not tho sninUost intontiontof doing." . If sho Had' rim away with 'all tho' mon who had'- toskpd her tos; for.vbritly; to's, poor Martin: ' prayed>. hor . now ! ' , . Sho hud:had-'moro Koiiso,1aud. sq had prosorved horsolf ; aud by this tifub , thoso othors . had" ! either died or . consoled , themselves, : and,. sho' :wastoeo pfthcbuiYY Y! - . But slio know; that sh'o ,'must-t'bm- poriso with a man liko-Murtin Hiir-,. rowbyYand riofrain fremYaught Hkb solf-? qonsidoration. Her icfusal mil's t b'o. based on tho lughqst'groundsiof unsolfish lbvoY anditmuat convey thq distinctimprosiiiou tof self-abnegation tor thatlbyb's bakp, i i- pro DB CONTINUED. 