^' Eight Homt Day ' him tin's year Jmd its influence extended into such compara tively ;ruml' towns as Nowra. There can, we grant, bo little objection to such n, limit to hours of work — munuul work, or the like— in crowded cities or iitnonast the buzz of wheelsin busy manufactories iwhoso machinery and its pace make con stant demand on nil tho energies of those in attendance. But to apply to Nowrii, . .where business is not as brisk as people ?desire it to bo, and where, as everywhere 'else in the colony just now, work for those;. willjna to .labour is the Bad excep tlofi'ratliiii1 tliiin. the. rule; 'it' seems to us i- sarcjiatip.tnocke'l'y to make. nn extra ;hol$ay, and.'tb hiish into torpidity the 4ittle: lihsiiiess-tlmt rciiialnH,-. This miil-- ing high holiday over .the eight Iiouim' limit' oE \yqrk, ut utimc mid iu a country ,w1ibre 'thousands of willing hands arc .Cl'ying out for work, where the. manual Ittbaureraitirfl, to uso their own pie iureaque -phrasing, on . their. ' uppera,' 'bootaolos worn out in search of work, jWliich foreign traders have sent to Japan, ? ..China, or anywhere else that is the ? cheapest market, is a glaring contradic ? tioii. .How many ' willing hands in this district' cease work when the eighth hour of wcrk strikes ? It would be esteemed '^'liiessing by most of them' if they could '..obtain ten. hours' work for ton hqura' 'pay.1 This fact will not be denied. Iti ' jdeetl,\lhb most likely statement in reply .Will be the one made to tho writer by u local:business man : ' I closed for to-day .^because others' closed ; I'supposo most of us closed because wo could, any of us, do 'in -three 'open days wliiit we .iro doing 'all' the' /week.' ', As the working people Maroon half time, and the products of the ?'district' are at a low price, there is not ^much/money to spend, consequently there is truth and suggestion in the statement .-quotwl-above. If it is true that Nowra -workers cannot protest against' too long hou,r8-of labour,.it in, we believe, equally true itlmt such ;!b the case all over New Soutli Wales. ; 'Wn'at.iB.this eight hour bogus. crv, then? Let, vi»! look snurtrely at it, It is lie;pvrty cry pf the incubus— the earn-. biticaLTlurd Party — the unconstitutional political. hybrid which has crystallised info law theland and income taxi and ' ., thrown, Jthe colony open to Chinese or 'Kanaka labour. . The so-called or 8e,lf .'dubbod Liibour Party, by. its- support of ; the Foreign Trade Pnrty.has robbed its j- supporters, the duped working men of VSyoney, of their wages. They work at fasd' shifting on pauper bread, The ' £300 a year '.—baleful phrase— brought I to the platform a' rush of profutsumal | politicians, n Hlmwcr of political lucn.sls, , who have fastened a plague of ornir mid . untruth on the political economy of the country. They have' made wreck of tho remnant of copyist Cnn.«t.itution under which wo wore governed. They preached a.falsn. gospel of. labour to secure thoir own return. Thoy made war upon capi tal, drove it into unproh'tnblo but safe rqfugo, and now their erstwhile dupud supporters are pauperism! by tho sand shifters' doles. Eight home! Faugh, this is but the ghost of other days and other times.the foil- of schoming wire pullers, who fear — as well they may— the wrathwhon tho tide turns of those whom they have duped. 