St. Mary's Cathedral. CONFIBMATION SEEVICE. At 3 o clock yesterday afternoon Cardinal Moran administered the Sacrament of Confirma tion to over 150 children in St. Mary's Cathedral. His Eminence was attended by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran (Administrator of St. Mary's), the Eevs. P. Carey, T. Phelan, J. Whyte, Pj C. Cregan, and J. O' Gorman, and the parents and friends of the candidates completely tilled the body of the church. The children were J examined individually in the Christian doctrine by the Cardinal, and after the adminis tration of the sacrament his Eminence congratulated them on the excellent examination they had passed, saying that they were fortunate in being under the care of the good Sisters and Brothers. There was one duty he wished to im- I press upon them, and that was to keep close to i the sacred heart of Jesus, which was the source [ of every blessing. The innocence which thej ; enjoyed was . , bright in his sight, and though they might not know it, yet the 6onl of a child ; was very, beautiful. If they kept close to the sacred heart they would preserve that . soul in innocence, and it would be as an angel adorned with the choicest gift of Paradise, for innocence was the greatest gift heaven had bestowed on childhood. By devotion to the sacred heart they would find consolation in their sorrows, joy in their afflic tions, and. victory in their holy enterprises. Had not Christ said ' Come to Me all ye who labor and are burthened ?' At the feet ot Christ they could lay dow& their burdens, and there would obtain strength in tbeir weakness. They ought, therefore, to .'kindle ' in their hearts a love for him who bore snch a . great love for them. And he would ask them to pray to the Blessed. Virgin, who would love them because her divine Son loved them, and who wonlapiead their cause at his throne^ It behoved them also to frequent the sacraments, and satiate their souls with heavenly grace. Abore all things they, should be earnest- in their love for the sacred heart, .earnest in their devotion to the Blessed Virgin, earnest in their attention to the sacraments. „- They had through confirmation become soldiers of the Holy Cross, and ought to be earnest soldiers in trying to win the battles of Holy Cross. He hoped that they, would be strengthened through that blessing of the Holy G-host, so that they -would continue in the love of God during their pilgrimage through life. 