HUSH MONEY. I . BT JEAN MIDDLEMASS. I -Finding that Julian Wallla dltl not speak, It | was necessary, to state the reason ot his com- r Ing. I "I received a letter trom you yesterday," he I said; "It Is in answer to that letter that I am I here." I By this time, after a severe struggle with his feelings, Mr. Wallis had succeeded In sufficiently subduing them to enable him to re-assume th. ' habitually cold, phlegmatic manner engendered ! by business requirements. | "And you are prepared to endorse my opinion, i and to act In accordance with It?" h. asked, cbilllly. "If I were willing to accept the hard terms you are desirous of making I should scarcely have come across the Channel to talk the matter over." "All! I am sorry, since I have no alternative to offer." , The rigidity of Mr. Wallis manner, Instead of 'freezing Stephen Bolderson Into blind obedience, as he probably expected that It would do, only served to Irritate him almost to madness, and he gave way to such a passionate outburst as was not wont to flow from Stephen Boldorson's scaled lips. "I care neither for alternatives nor terms," be said; "nor am I here to make any, but to tell you plainly and straightforwardly that 1 will not P'.it tills pressure, this weight of sacrifice on my innocent child. What has she done to you that you' should wish to oppress her so severely, and make her suffer for a fault, the existence of which she Is Ignorant? Is It not enough that during all these years you havo persecuted mo, making me pay ten times, nay, twenty times over for the sum for which in an hour of extreme necessity, when my wifo was dying of want, I signed your name. You can coolly tell me you have never Injured mo by word or act, when my life since tho day we ceased to be friends has been ono long purgatory of misery and fear, only concealed from the eyes of the world by the continual paying of sums of money which I was frequently at my wits' end to obtain — " "Bolderson, you must be mad," said Mr. Wa)lls, when a short pause in the storm of words gave .him- the opportunity of speaking. "No, 1 am not mad. I havo managed to keep my reason in splto of tho ceaseless persecution to which I have been subjected, but how long I shall remain sane God only knows, ir the same system of persecution, the same spirit of ven geance which has ever tracked my path is to follow the life of my little Ursula." "I do not understand what you are talking about — to what you allude? Hard and severe I may havo been in my determination to break off all acquaintance— all Intercourse with you after your own unwarrantable Infringement of the laws of friendship; hut sinco the day wo last mot in this very room, now some years ago, neither by word nor sign have I Interfered with you or yours. On tho contrary, I have strenu ously sought to forget your existence until this acquaintance with my Alan and your daughter has. once more brought us into disagreeable re lationship." . It was with tho greatest difficulty that Stephen Bclderson allowed Jiim to malto this statement, chajing under it as ho was tlio whole time, Irri tated by it beyond expression, and longing to Interrupt at. every word. At last ho -could con tain himself no longer. "You lie, and you know full well that you nro lying," lie almost yelled, so furious was he. "If, as you pretend, with all your grand airs, you were mistaken In me; if I gavo you volumes to say on tho subject of misplaced friendship, what must be my feelings about you whom I thought perfect In character, just and honorable In all your dealings, when I find you can lie and equivo cal o when It suits you, as glibly as though you belonged to tho common herd of shufflers and retnllators." Mr. Wallis rose from his chair. "Tills interview must end," he said, sternly. k'I will brook no farther insult. I repeat that I have never injured you by word or act. I stand by the letter I have written to Its minutest detail, und I request you to leave my room." "My God, Wallis, you are bent on driving me »ad. Will you persist In standing there and in cold blood assuring me that you did not give that unfortunate cheque to Dccocq with the permission to make my life a. burden to me by his constant threats to give it publicity, and that this was the punishment you had decreed while you yourself enacted the part of leniency and consideration?" "Silence, man, how dare you Insult mo by such suggestions, which are the more weavlngs of your diseased lmaf Inatiou. The cheque Is In tho draw er of my writing-table In tho Rue Madagascar, and Decocq left my service about six months after I last saw you. I have never seen hltn since to speak to, though I have occasionally passed him in the street." "Yet Decocq has assured me more than once that ho Is In constant communication with you, and that you yourself gave him the cheque." "And you aro inclined to believe Decocq's word In preference to mine ?" "Naturally, since I have been the victim of persecution for years, and that this fresh phase In a prolonged system of torture comes directly fiom you." "Nothing will make you believe that I havo had no voice In the persecution to which — you say . — von have benn snh looted " "Nothing, except the giving up of the cheque, and tho setting mo free from this new burden you havo laid upon me." "Impossible, I will never consent to Alan's mar- rlago with your daughter, but I will gladly give you the cheque for an assurance that this marri age shall never take place." "So you are not above making torms now, and yet you would have me believe that, through the instrumentality ot Decocq you have not made tllem In tho past." "A truce to the discussion of Decocq. He has nothing to do with mo nor I with him. If, as you tell mo, you havo had unpleasant business relations with Decocq, that Is your affair, not mine, though It scarcely seems to me as if he has been as much of a persecutor as you state, since only a few weeks back your daughter was seon Walking with him In the Champs Elysees." "That Is probable, and is only another example Of tho system of persecution which I have silently endured for years." Mr. Wallis smiled cynically. "I fall to seo how this walk In tho Champs Elysees can be classed as persecution." The tone and the look that accompanied It served to irritato Stephen Bolderson more and jr ore; he answered, speaking rapidly, "I was forced Into leaving my child for years In the care of a certain Madomoisello Lnfargo, who Is a relation of Decocq's — I have heard since that she is his half-sister — ad ways for the same reason. He held that cliequo from you, and If I did not agree to Ills terms my disgrace would ho published. Ever since the day I last saw you in this office I have been a puppet at your bid ding, whou you chose to pull the string, und I have come to the conclusion that the severest punish ment that can be Inflicted on a man Is to rob him of his free will." Mr. Wallis did not answer this, but looked steadily and inquiringly at his old friend, wonder ing meanwhile If the explanation of these strange assertions did not lie in the fact that ho was mad.: That Stephen Bolderson had really been tlio victim he made himself out to be he did not for a moment believe. .It was not easy for a man of Julian Wallls's nature to bo able to fathom tho amount of persistent wickedness, unlllumlnated by a single ray of goodness that a man of De cocq's proclivities possessed, and he did not, therefore, believe in the story, especially as all this blaokguardlsm and dishonor were attributed to .himself. How to manipulate tho new complication that had arisen troubled lilm not a little, wliilo It made him even more determined,, if that were possible, that ho would never give his consent to Alan's marriago with a girl who had beon brought up In such surroundings. Tho outcome of these rapid thoughts was that bo Judged It would be expedient to control bis temper, which had more than once been on tho point of getting out of bounds, and to seek, if possible, to quiet down tills strange visitor until lie could in some way arrlvo at tho truth of what had occurred by making inquiries Into the present career of his dismissed clerk. The brief space for reflection being over, "Bol derson," bo said, "what you have told mo to-day has so bewildered and astonished mo as to render me almost breathless. Once more I assure you that whatever you may imagine or perhaps have been told, I have nothing whatever to do with tho painful persecution to which you allude — bavo never oven heard of It until to-day. What I ask of you Is to give me tlmo to Investigate the matter. That I will do so thoroughly and honestly you would have once have belioved of mo, but after the allegations you have brought against me, it is oyldent that you think me a monster ot inhuman ity aiid injustice. It is, therefore, useless to appeal to 'your feoIing3 as far as I am concerned, but I will have this matter sifted to its foundation." Stephen Bolderson was somewhat shaken by the earnestness of Mr. Wallls's manner, and was com pelled, almost In spite of the deeply-rooted be lief of years, to give some credit to bis asserted ignorance ot Decocq's doings. "It will bo woll that you should do so," be said, speaking more quietly, "and I shall await the re sult with impatience." "You have not seen Decocq since you havo been in Paris?" "No. I camo direct to you; I only arrived this morning." "Kindly keep him Ignorant for a day or two of your prosoncc here, and come and see me In tho Rue Madagascar. To-day i3 Thursday; Bay on Sunday evening. Can you remain as long in Paris?" "I will remain ns long as this businoss requires my presonco." "Just so; then we will meet on Sunday, by which: time I hope to have arrived at some oonclu- j sion about Decocq's behaviour. Do not, however, be misled into the belief that whatever ho has 5 dono or has not done will liuve any influence on 5 tho letter I havo written to you. My decision on ; tho subject is unalterable— till Sunday tlion." K Stephen Bolderson felt tliat he was dismissed, M and though he accepted. the dismissal with a bow f- - ind without uttering a single word, yot the anger that welled so furiously in Ills heart during Uio greater part of the interview was by ho means calmed, nor could lie briug himself to remember that the treatment he had received was Justly war ranted by his own act. As Boon as the door of tho bureau had closed behind him, Julian Wallis sank down once more into his armchair and remained for a long time perfectly motionless. The lines on his face furrowed, and the thoughtful expression on his brow was intensified to such a degree, that no one seeing him now for the first time could havo believed that he had the reputation of being one of the mosl> genial and popular men in Paris, and that he was "bon camarade" on every festive occasion. What he had heard and the painful Interview he had gone through affected him very considerably, and he did not feel altogether cap able ot coping with the circumstances which seemed to horn him in on every side. Julian Wal lis possessed a far more sensitive nature than would have been looked for in a man supposed to bo hardened by contact with business and con stant communication with the prose of life, for in him It had been powerless to kill his affectionate tendencies, his highly strung sense of what honor and justice demand. Years ago ho had received a severe shock when Stephen Bolderson deceived him, but ho had re covered from it and onco more smiled genially aud bclievingly on tho world around him. Of late, however, owing to Alan's persistent wooing of this man's daughter, a shadow had lain athwart Julian Wallls's path, and the strain he put upon himself In order to appear tho happy man ho was not only served to make the change in him the more obvious, sinco his acquaintance not Infrequently asked each other, "What is tho matter with Wallis? Has he largo sums in jeopardy, or has he a ghost In his cupboard?" Such, then, being his physical and mental condition, the interview with Stephen Boldersoa wa3 scarcely likely to Improve it. After a few moments, however, when giving way to what seemed an uncontrollable access of despair, he roused himself with tho sovereign determination which ho possessed so strongly, and which rendered Julian Wallis so Incompara bly superior to most of his fellows. Work lay before him; it must he done. He had undertaken to sift this odious matter. Decocq's career during the years that had passed sinco he left his ofilce must be unveiled even if in order to do so it were necessary 'to seek the assistance of tho police. Having pulled himself together, he rang a bell that stood on his writing desk, and on the ap pearance of a young clerk desired him to tell Mr.. Gage, the' head clerk, that he wished to speak to him. Gage, who had returned during the Tecent In terview, "and had recognised Mr. Bolderson as lie left the chief's bureau, bad been awaiting this summons with some impatience. It had puzzled him to know that Mr. Bolderson had been with the chief, and he was curious and anxious to unravel the mystery. Could it bo possible that after all a marriage would be arranged between Mr. Alan and this man's daughter. He could not believe that Mr. Wallis would ever allow such a connection to bo made. "A girl who had lived for years with Lucille Lafarge, a near relation of such a man as Dccocq, to marry a Walll3, it was out ot all keeping." Gago had, however, little time for refieotlon, and he was aghast when he saw his chief. In deed. he was so much taken off his guard by his appearanco that he almost forgot his usual re- servo of manner, and asked what had happened to change lilm thus. But Julian Wallis was not a man who was familiar with those In his service, however much he might trust them, and even Gage stood In some awe of him. Thus he waited to be ad dressed. "Gage, I know I can trust you, and that you aro true to my Interests. You will find out at once all that can bo found out about Decocq — my former clerk. I will not tell you the accusa tions that are brought against him, as It Is hotter you should make your own inquiries in an unbiassed spirit, and with a free hand. Learn how ho lives, where he obtains funds, and If ever ho has used my credit for base purposes. Make use of a detective, if necessary. Spare no. ex pense, and let me bavo this information as speedily as possible, in tho course of to-morrow, or on Saturday at tho latest." Gage, duly Impressed with the importance of tho task assigned to him, accepted It readily. He already knew ono or two things in connec tion with this wretched Dccocq, which made blm think it would not be so very difficult to gain farther Information, added to which he was one of those men in whom detective proclivities were latent. After a little farther conversation with his chief, which principally related to how other work on which he was engaged should be trans ferred to his junior In the office, he left Mr. Wallis, who onco more sank hack in his chair thoroughly prostrated by this last effort. Ills face became wblte, white as death Itself. He pressed his hand on his heart, as the cry of anguish he could not wholly repress rose to his blanched lips. "Oh, Alan, my hoy, why did I send you away?" Then ho took n small phial from a drawer, and putting it to his mouth, swallowed the contents. The agony in which he was writhing shortly gave way before the remedy, and in about five minutes, when the door opened again to admit a business visitor, Julian Wallis was more or loss himseir, iihd the secret ' which he had carefully guarded for many months past was onco more concealed. ITo be continued.! 