A Legend of Gum Gully. . Bt Hunt Coleman. We were having a bit of lunch in a tea-rcom beneath one of the arcades. My friend, who had the day before ai rived in the city from an up* country township to pass the Christmas season with me, set down the cup of tea he was carrying to his lipe, and, inclining his head in the direction ol a small table placed near a window, said, in a low tone : ,: '' See that little old man over there ? ' Turning slightly I noticed the person indicated scanning the menu. He was a small, thick-set man, with hair, which had once been of a decidedly reddish hue, rapidly turning grey. ' That's Abe Paniihaw,' continued my friend. ' He's a railway guard up our way. Tell you a »tory about him while I'm waiting for this tea to cool. He's down for his holidays, I suppose.' My friend stirred the steaming beverage re flectivelv for a moment. '? * * * * There was a funeral up there the morning before I left (he began). And a good deal of interest centred round the corpse, because, you see, it is thought this death will clear up a perplexing kind of mystery that has been hanging round the place for a goodish bit. Also, it is calculated that no more will be seen or heard of an apparition who was said lo put in an appearance on every up train at a certain point on the road.' I ana not up in the intricacies of the alleged ghost business myself, mind you, but some peculiar yarns have been told by some of the passengers on the up journey. We are not blessed with a very frequent service up in that part, you know ; the train comes up on ooe day and goes down the next ; three trains each way every week. Welij'atont this time last year we had a bit of a seos^jpn. One evening, when the train pulled '. into/ our station, which is a terminus, 'he guard, as soon as he could leave, strolled up to the local police station and reported that he had seen the body of a man lying at the bottom of what ( is- known as Gum Gully, which is bridged hy the raihoad, and is back from the town some three milep, or thereabouts. . The police went to the place and brought away the remains, trhich were presently identified as of those of a well-known resident named Eastwell, wtyp it was known had been a passenger on the up 'train' two days before ; and who, it was surmised, must have somehow fallen from the platform of the carriage. This explanation ?was put forward because it was supposed that he had gone out on to the platform to catch an early glimpse of his home, which was situated some little difctance on the town side of the gully. Well, the remains were interred after the iury had returned a verdict of accidental death. You see. the people up there are a little jealous and careful concerning the honour and fair name of the place, like, and an open verdict might have brought undesired notoriety on the town. So they entered up a verdict of accidental death, and that was an eud to it. At leant, it seempd so then. But about a month after a man who lives right in the town — business man of some standing, too — got off the train after a trip to a neighbour ing town and pitched a mighty scaring sort of tale which nobody would take on. He said that when the train was passing over the bridge which spans Gum Gully, he saw— quite plainly because he was sitting near the door — lie saw the deceased man Eastwell outside on the platform looking into the carriage through the glass door. Everybody laughed at this, of course ; and he was advised, as a safeguard, not to mix his liquor. But pretty soon other people began to unburden themselves of similar stories ; and, if you believe me, the thing took 6uch a hold that traffic on the line fell away almost entirely. That's a fact. People wouldn't travel on the train at any price. We have never had a rush of passenger traffic up our way, but what we had almost entirely stopped. Tue local paper boomed the thing for all it was worth — really a good deal more than it was worth. People were interviewed, and side by fiide with this gossip were printed statements by the train officials. The engineer and the fireman or stoker, or whatever he is called, both ?aid they had never seen anything in the shape of a ghost either on the line or on the train, and firmly expressed the opinion that the whole thing was a stupid fabrication. And these two men got quite a bit of an ' edge ' on the guard because he asserted that there was something in the stories going round/ and said he himself had eeen what was spoken of several times. I don't mean by an ' edge ' that they wanted to do the man any harm, or had any spite . against him ; but they were everlastingly chaffing ; they always called him ' The Medium,' and other fancy names. They never teased him too far, though, for they knew there was a bit of the devil in him, and if worked up to the proper pitch he might probably put a few marks on them which they would not get rid of for a wbile. But though old Abe — that's the guard's name — saw, or said he saw, this ghost several times, it didn't alarm him in any way. He wouldn't be frightened, he said, if all his passengers were ghosts. But other people didn't view the matter in the same light ; and, as I said just now, the traffic dwindled down to almost nothiug. The townspeople were daily expecting to receive a notification from the Railway Commissioners that if the returns didn't swell up considerably within a given time, the service would be suspended. Plenty of produce, and so on, was carried by rail, but passengers, like angels' visits, were ' few and far between.' People who wanted to go by rail would drive 12 miles to the next station, and board the train there, leaving their vehicles to return in. They would not face the trip over the bridge. Old Abe, he didn't mind running over the bridge ; not a bit. And he got so accustomed to basing the wraith of the departed Eastwell ae his only passenger, or anything that looked like a passenger, even, that one afternooou, when tho ghost had finished his usual quiet inspection of the empty carriages, and came right into the guard's box'and sat down on the mail bag, he wasn't at all flabbergasted — as I should have been if a ghoat had come into any place where I was in that off-hand way. Old Abe was entering up his weight book at the moment and eating ginger bread nuts, but he 'knocked off and took a good look at what was sitting right opposite him. Mind you, this wasn't any night ghost, or night mare, or any illusion like it. It all happened right in the afternoon, close up to 4 o'clock. Old Abe noticed that the apparition wore a kind of a sad and perplexed expression on its face, aud looked as if it were disappointed about something pretty badly. Presently, just as they were near iug the bridge, old Abe put down the pipe he was smoking, and in his usual off-hand, l.lunt way of speaking, he said : ' What's the matter, old chap ? Lost any thing?' The ghost didn't say anything in reply, only shook his head in a solemn and sorrowful kind of way, and gazed at old Abe as though, if be had a heart, it was about to break. Just then the fore part of the train struck the bridge, and the ghost got up from his seat on the mail bag and walked right out through the rear door of the car. After that old Abe often had him as a pas senger. Failing to coax the ghost into conver sation, he respected his reticence and melancholia, and just let him rip. He didn't do any harm, and he wasn't any trouble. Abe didn't go yarn ing about this habit the ghost had contracted of dropping in on him for a few minutes after having inspected the empty cars, because he knew people would only laugh at him, and that would liiivo made him wild. . Well, a few days ago all tlis mystery was cleared up. At least, it was cleared up as maeh as it ever will be, so far as I can figure it. It was an up-train day, and, with the exception of one man, all the passengers got out, as usual, at the first station down from this town. Wouldn't face crossing the bridge, you sap. Old Abo, the guard, was speaking to the driver about something, and when he had signalled the start., he hopped on to the platform of the car next the locomotive, and continued his talk. I ought to have told you that on this short piece of lino the Railway CbmmissioEer.s have for a little time back been running- some of the ' bogey ' care, mo&tly; used on the Sydney lines — near the city, I mean. I don't know why these cars aie up there ; never interested myself in themr Maybe they're* too old to he used near the city any more. Anyhow, they're there. And so, when Abe had finished his yarn, it was the simplest, matter in the world for him to walk back to the end car wLere he bad his books and things. Well, about half way through the' train ?he came across this one passenger that I told you of juit now. For a moment old Abe wasn't 6ure lhat he hadn't dropped across another ghost, because it was such a rare thing for him to have a passenger over this bit of the line. But this passenger was no ghost. He was very much alive, and very frightened, too. 'When he heard the door open as Abe entered, he turned with a shriek of fear ; and the instant his eyes rested on the guard, he jumped up and rushed towards him down the centre of the car. ' Oh, guard ! Oh, guard ! ' ho cried, tremulously. '; Don't leave me ; don't leave me!' And he gripped old Abe by the arm and stood beside him, all of a shake. ' What'silie matter 'r' says.old Abe. ' What's up with you ? Sit down and take it easy.'.' ' The bridge ! .' cried the other. ' We are getting near it, andn I am afraid — afraid of the gliost.' \ ' Ghost be blowup ! ' said old Abe, in a tone that showed ths degree of contempt in which he held the wraith of the departed East well. ' Ghost be bio wed ! Sit down. No ghost's going to hurt you.' And lie shoved the man into a seat near the door and sat down opposite him, with his back towards the door. ' Don't go away,'' said the passenger. ' I won't be left alone.' 'I won't leave you,' says Abe. ' But I duuno what cause you've got lo be frightened. Why, this ghost that you talk about, and me — why, we're on the best of terms. Tie ain't got much to say for himself ; very quiet kind of a fellow. But we understates each other.' ' Does it — it — uome often ? ' ' Often r Well, the old boy hasn't missed a trip for quite a good Bpell. He generally gets on the train just before we .strike the bridge up here, and ? ' ' Oh, for Heaven's sake,' interrupted the other, in a tone of voice which told the agony of miud he was enduring, 'let me get off. Oh, please stop the traiu. Can't you stop the train for me ? ' ' Stop the train r No, sir . ' blurted out the aid guard, in his usual gruff manner, and without any hesitation. ' Why didn't you get out at the last station if you were frightened to sross the bridge ? ' ' I meant to; Gol knows I meant io,' said the other. ' But I dropped off to sleep a good way down the line, and only woke just now, and then I found I had been carried past.' 'Well, you'd best drop off to sleep again,' f.ays Abe, ' and I'll wake you when we get home.' There was not the least likelihood of the man doing this, however, for he was shaking violently with fear, and his eyes seemed to have expanded till they were as big, almost, as the bottom of tea cups. And he was moaning away at a great rate, and gave other signs of being iu the very greatest distress. The train was bowling along all this time, of course, and getting nearer and nearer to the bridge over the gully ; and the nearer they got to this point the more frightened the man sitting nearly opposite the guard became. Just as the front wheels of the engine struck the tdge of the bridge (as could be told by the noise made in passing on to the timber) old Abe glanced over his shoulder towards the door of the car, and wasn't surprised to see the departed Eastwell standing on the platform beyond the open door. But he was a little astonished to see him beckon ing with his left hand. ' Come in and sit down,' said Abe, thinkiDg that maybe a rough-and-ready way of speaking to the apparition would help ease the mind of the frightened man opposite him, and who he knew was also looking1 towards the door with starting eyes. But, just at the moment when the car they were in was nearly half way over the bridge, the man suddenly and quickly got up, without making a sound, and stepped to 1he door. Abe made a grab, but didu't get hold of him. He also jumped up and rushed through the door on to the plat form, and was just in time to see the only passenger he had had for some months over this bit of the line leap off the plaiforin and over the bridge into the gully below, with the spectral arms of the departed Eastwell wound round him. Man and ghost went' together, clashing through the tree tops into the rugged depths. Old Abe had another cf 8 ) to report to the local police that afternoon. The officers -went out, as they had gone once before, and brought lack the body. Aud at the inquest held next day Abe told his story pretty well as I have given it to you now. A lot of other facts were ra'ied up ; and from the general run of the evidence given it appeared pretty plain that some mouths before this very manhad, for purposes of his oirn, shoved poor old Eastwell oft' the train at the bridge. And it looked, so some say now, as if old East well had been on the watch for his man all abng through that time ; and at last he had got Li-n, ani had dragged him down to the same death he himself had suffered. The jury returned, after a mighty long delib -ra- tiou, with a verdict that the deceased met his death by his own act wbTehis mind was in a cou dition which rendered him irresponsible for his actions. Of course the jury wouldn't ta1 e on the ghost theory at all ; refused utterly to iec ignite it as a possible factor in the ca8e. And it was the best verdict they could have returned, I think. In fact, I don't see how they co-aid have returned any other verdict at all. Anyway, the result of the affair is lhat it is now pretty generally recog nised that the ghost of old Eastwell has been laid, and hopes are already entertained of a quick revival of passenger traffic over tbiB-pait:cular bit of line. It was a decided nuisance, anylo.v, having (6 drive such a long way to anohsr station to board a train, and it standing, as you may s iy, at yoar own door all the time. * * * * * My friend drank Iub tea, and we went out inlo the heat and glare of midday. As we passed the small table at which the old railway guard sat, I noticed that he had failed to be pleased with the menu, and was regaling himself with a glass of milk and a plate of gingerbread nuts. 