HIS LAST CAED. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. By KATHERINH S. MACQUOID. 'ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. PART II. CHAPTER xxxvii.— (Continued.) At the end of the town he crossed the footbridge over the brook &b; Dolly and her caretaker had done, and going uphill, he nonn rAanhed the hedee above the river. There was not anyone to be seen either along the dusty tree-shaded road, or so far as he could discern along the steeply-sloping bank below him; but he could not see far either up or down the river, the willow trees on the left stood so close together that even the Island was not very distinct from this point, while on his right the curve of the bank was so abrupt that further view was com pletely shut off by long garlands of wild roso and by blackberry arms projecting from the hedge over which he was looking. A gap in the hedge a little way on showed him that he could easily make his way through it and down the gt;een bank. It suddenly occurred to him .that if he con tinued along this high road ho might pos sibly meet Mrs. Berdmore; almost as the thought came he pushed the hawthorn twigs more widely apart and forced his way through. In a few minutes he had reached the foot of the bank and landed on .a broad grass space beside the river. He was going to the water's edge when he heard a child's laugh. He stood still and listened; there were voices not far off; he could hear what was said, l>ut be was sure that one of the voices was a child's. He went cautiously forward, keeping In the shelter of some, bushes growing at the foot of the bank and half-way up It, as -if they wanted to reach the hedge above. Peer ing through these bushes he saw a vacant green space with trees growing here ami there almost to the edge of the river; it looked, Van Sitt thought, a pleasant rest ing place for an angler. At the end of it was a closely-set row of dwarf pollard willows, and behind them a misty screen of tall, waving grass and sedges. Van Sitt stopped again and listened. There could be no doubt the voices came from the willows, and he walked softly towards them. The grass was thick down here, and his feet moved noiselessly as ho went forward. The voices were quite distinct now, and one of them was Dolly's. He could not see through the veil of long grass behind the willows, but something told him that Dolly's companion was not Hester, and In a moment he heard a man's voice answering. The sound of this gave him so strange a thrill, that he resolved to see the speaker's face. "A sweet name," this voice said. "I once had a dear little Dolly, but you are not like her; must you go already, dear child?" "Yes, please, I must; I can't really stay," said Dolly. "Don't ask me, Ise sorry, hut you see gran'mother's with me to-day, 'stead of the 'caretaker/ There's a stile further on along the road, and gran'mother's sit ting thero waiting for me, and she said she'd think I was lost if I stayed more than ten minutes. Come and see her, won't you; she likes you; she said it was ever so kind of you to let me watch you flsh." Van Sitt listened eagerly for the answer. "Thank you, Dolly," the angler said, "I can't come to-day; stay, let me help you up the bank; you see I slipped into the river this morning, so I'm not exactly in trim to bo introduced to a lady." 'Doesn't you call me a lady?" said Dolly sharply. "I s'pose you mean a growed-up one; no, please, don't come and help me, you'd bo too perlite to live If you 'sturhed yourself." The fisherman laughed. "Goodby," Dolly called from tb© bank, please catch me a salmon." "Goodby," he called after her; "come again to-morrow, you saucy little sprat." "All right," cried Dolly; "Ise bigger than a sprat, though." Her voice sounded faint; she was plainly farther off. Van Sitt understood it all now, there could be no possible mistake; the sudden dread that had seized him had been a warning of the truth; the man who talked to Dolly was Roger Berdmore! CHAPTER XXXVIII.— AN ALARM. jjony soi aiuuiea uy cue uann. mm into the road a little farther on where a railing with posts at wide .intervals had taken the place of the hedge. The stile was about a hundred yards beyond on the opposite side of the road, and she found Mrs. Berdmore standing beside it. Dolly had gone straight down cthe bank at a point opposite the stile, and. she was greatly surprised to find how far she had wandered In search of her fisherman. Hes ter had been severely blaming herself for letting the child out of her sight, and she was now going to start in pursuit of Dolly. The child came running up to her, her round cheeks rosy with excitement. "Granknother, gran'mother, what do you think? My fisherman says he had a dear little Dolly once; does he mean he's had a little giri?" A strange thought shook Hester's nerves, and set her trembling; she drew Dolly to ber and kissed her. "What does your friend look like, dar ling? I have only seen him from a dis tance." "Ho looks like a darling, and he is a dar ling," said-Dolly promptly. "Why he laughs at everything I say; he says I 'muse him. Oh, he's ever so nice, and he's got such a lovely big beard, and a very brown face, only a bit of it shows, though, acos of his hair, hie hat comes down like this on his forehead. I think he's lovely." Hester sighed with disappointment, and then felt a little scorn for herself, and tho vaguo hopo which the child's first words had awakened. Suppose anything so wild and Improbable as her husband's presence in Forbridge, she could not imagine that it could affect her position with regard to him. If Roger wished for re-union ho woyld have told her he was in England, ho would have written to her. She had long ago persuaded her self that ho had lost his love, and that it was not likely to revive; ho had taken care that sho should not recall herself to him. This refusal of all intercourse had always been to her - the bitterest element in bis desertion. In a few months more sho would be able to pay off the mortgage bo, 'her husband's property, and a hope had come to her that when he learned this from his lawyers Roger might write and thank her for what she had done. > .... She walked on In silence, 'the fancy that had come to her, it may havo been the strange warning that she was so. near him, bad set Hester dreaming more than ever about her husband. She told herself tbat perhaps one day she might find him suffer ing and In need of her services; sho half closed her eyes as she pictured the joy of waiting on Roger, of wholly devoting her self to him. A mocking voice seemed to tell her sho might do all this, and he re warded by a fresh desertion when 'her hus band should be again restored to health. "I do not care," she passionately told herself, "I would bear even that to see his dear face, to hold his band, and listen once more to his voice." Dolly meantime cleared her throat loudly, and nestled close to her ' grandmother's skirts; sho coughed, then she groaned in her irrepressible impatience of this long silence. At last she took Weston's hand to attract her attention, and gave it a tiny squeeze. "Couldn't you ask him tu tea, darling?" she Inquired. Hcstor felt confused, she was vory far from Dolly just thon, and she did not know what the child meant. "Who is It, dear? "Who could I ask?" Dolly opened her eyes widely. "I do believe you'se been fast asleep," sbe said, feeling Ill- used by this want of sym pathy, for sho now considered her grand mother to be her especial property; "why, of course, R's my fisherman, he's my pet- tlklnr friend, you know; I asked -him to come and see you, but he said he'd slipped into the river, and he wasn't fit to be seen; ho does look rather muddy. He's Just down thore," she pointed; "I 'specks you could seo him if tho hedge wasn't so thick." Hester Btopped, sho had a singular wish to see Dolly' friend, but the hedge was high here, and the lower part was much too thick to see through. A little farther on the hedge became lower, and Hester thought that by standing on tip-toe she might bo able to look down through the upper sprays of hawthorn. "While she tried to do this sho heard voices below. Slio turued to Dolly, who stood in secret delight at the trouble her grandmother was taking to see her friend. "Was anyone with your fisherman?"' Hes-» ter said. "No; oh, no; he's always alone. I asked him If ho had friends here, and he said 'no/ but he's got a friend now, hasn't he — he's got me." a Once more the strange sensation sbetyelt overcame Hester's sense of reality. "Did he tell you his name?" ,-:;>Dolly, stared at the eagerness of her grandmother's voice. "No, he wasn't quite perllto; he said little girls mustn't be curious." Dolly pouted; sho felt ill-used. Hester leaned forward against the hedge, and at last she succeeded in seeing over it. Thero was not auyone on the green space below, aud she looked back along the river bank to tho barrier of grey pollard wil lows. While she stood looking a tall man came slowly front among tho willow; — turned and callcJ vul to some ono on tho far ther side of the screen. He turned again, and now she could see his face; she instantly dreiv back from tho hedge, and catching tight hold of Dolly's hand, she hurried the child along tho road. The man was certainly some distance off, but sho told herself she could not be mis taken, she had seen Van 6itt! "Whatever's the matter, gran'mother? What's frightened you, eh?" Hester looked ghastly with sudden panic; It seemed to her that Dolly's fisherman was simply a spy employed by her'unscrupulous neighbor, and that If tho child had stayed longer beside tho river she would have been kidnapped by the two men. What could she do? She was far more defenceless here than she had been at Mil- ward; she wished herself safe at home again. But she could not think steadily as she hastened on; she feared anything that might distract her from hor present purpose — that of reaching the hotel before Van Sitt appear ed in sight. Dolly did not repeat her question, her quickness told her there was something the matter; but when they came near the end of High-street, near the quaint bridge, she pointed out a small house on the left. "That's where he lives, gran'mother, I saw hira go in the other day when I was out with Mary Preston. It's a pity his house is out of sight, or I could watch for him from our window." She glanced up at her grandmother, who looked calm and grave, though she was staring very fixedly at the hotel across the river, for they had now reached the bridge. It seemed to Hester that the way wa3 lengthening out, and that Van Sitt would overtake her before she reached home. At last her hand was on the gate, and she hurried Dolly up the path and then up the steps into the entrance hall. The landlady was standing there, and she began to speak to Dolly, who was now very popular with everyone. Mrs. Berdmore said abruptly as sho pass ed on to the staircase:— "Please give orders, Mrs. Wood, that If any visitor calls on me, I am not at home." She took Dolly's hand, and went up stairs, leaving the observant hostess lost ,in wonder at the change In the lady'3 man ner and voice. Mrs. Wood shook her head. "There's something wrong there, I knew it wasn't the thing for a child Hke that to be taken travelling without a nurse. I don't hold with eccentric goings on." CHAPTER XXXIX.— TWO OLD FRIENDS. Van Sitt's caution fled at the sound of his old friend's voice, he forgot his de signs on Dolly in the sudden shock of this discovery, mastered by the danger ho fore- saw in a meeting between Hester and her husband; this must bo prevented at any cost. He had brought himself to believe in Berdmore's death, and on his way to For bridge he had more than once told himself tbat his marriage with Hester was only a question of tact and time. He stood listening; there was not a sound, except that made by the gnats as they hummed lazily over the water. All at once there was a splash, as if a fish fell Into the river. Van Sitt's scattered wits cam© back to him, he pulled himself together, and con sidered how ho could best rid himself of this unlooked for obstacle. The first point that cam© was a vital necessity, he must at once induce his for mer friend to leave Forbridge. He had gat hered from Dolly's talk that so far Hester did not know of her husband's presence in the neighborhood; he must get Berdmore out of England without delay, and then he could carry out his own wishes with re gard to Hester. He remembered how easy he used to find it to persuade Roger Berdmore to do as he' wished, and he told himself that a few years did not greatly change a man's cha racter. The point that troubled his suspicious mind was Berdmore's motive in coming to this sequestered place; he had not come in search of his wife, for he was already at Forbridge when she reached It. Was it possible that Hester knew, and had come here to seek hor husband? It suddenly occurred to him that Dolly and her grandmother might be on the road above, but even if they wero they could only hear a murmur of voices. He climbed up the bank, and peered as well as he could over the hedge; he could not see anyone along the road, it was possible tbey had gono on still further. He slid down the high steep bank, and walked on to the pollard willows. In spite of himself he felt a: little nervous about his reception. He coughed, then he whis tled; then pushing his way through the high waving grass, which 60 effectually screened the quiet nook, be saw the angler sitting on the bank. He was changing the fly on his line, and he did not look up at Van Sitt's approach. Felix shrugged his shoulders. It was pitiful to him that a man who used to have plenty of cleverness should waste his time in such an occupation. "Poor devil! Ho looks down on his luck, and I suppose It has softened his brain; however, he catches his supper." Then he exclaimed: — "Why, Roger, old fellow, who'd have dreamed of finding you in this out-of-the- way place? It Is you, eb, not your ghost?" Roger Berdmore sprang up, and stood looking full of 6urprlse at his former friend. (To be continued.) 