KEWS FROM ALL SOURCES. The Chinese National Anthem is so' Ions that people take half a day to listen The election of President of the Uni ted States will take place on 3rd Novem ber next \- The total membership of the Boys’ Bri gade, for the United Kingdom is 35.000 lads, with 2S00 officers. The library of the late zoologist, Karl SmTw.01; Ge“ ll;ls been bought by the Senkenburg Museum, in Frankfort, for ■do,000 marks. e^tr'a cost of sending-lndian troops to the Soudan is estimated by the Indian About Ll40,00a ^ 1UkhS °C rUp°eS- or Iowa, almost from the date of its ad mission, has been called the “Hawkeve Stale.’ Ilawkeve was the name of a "noted Indian chief. The fern is indicative of fascination In Saxony the present by a lover to his sweetheart of a handful of ferns is equivalent to a proposal. Strange noises on a lightship at New Haven, Connecticut, started the rumor that there was a ghost aboard the vessel, ■■and the crew have deserted. Kentucky is said to have been the first Union to grant school stiff an loGl. To-day the women of 21 States . have this privilege. • A fresh inscription has just been dis covered at Delphi, giving circumstan tial details concerning the method of training the various competitors at the ancient Olympic games. The Duke of Orleans, head of the House of Bourbon, and, therefore, Pre tender to the Throne of France, has been betrothed to a daughter of the Archduke Joseph of Austria. New York ‘‘Tribune” says that a pro posed Arbitration Treaty between Great Britain and the United States will within a few days be submitted to Congress. iWe hope the statement will turn out to be true. The vital principle is strongest in the common tortoise. One of these animals has lived for six months after the re moval of its biain, and the severed head lias shown signs of life three days after being cut off. There are doors in some old houses in Holland which were in former days never used except for weddings and funerals. After the bride and groom bad passed, the door was nailed up to await the next occasion. • The editor of the “Tribune,” the. lead ing Republican organ, is report ed as saying, after a three hours’ ■talk with Mr M‘Kinley, “Neither silver nor gold is the main issue; the battle rwill be fouglit on the tariff.” ’' The reason given that birds, do not fall off their perch is because they can not open the foot when the leg is bent. ILook at a hen walking, and you will see it dose its foes as it raises the foot, and open them as it touches the ground. Potatoes seem to have originated in iPeru. For a long time this now univer sal vegetable was a delicacy enjoyed only by the wealtliy."'Even at the be ginning of the seventeenth century noblemen paid 2s a pound for potatoes, and seasoned them with sherry. The Great Seal of England is a silver .pair of dies, which are closed to receive the melted mass, poured, when an im pression is to be taken, through an ori fice left in tlie top. The impression of the seal is six inches in diameter and 'three-quarters of an inch thick. • The most expensive trousseau- on re cord is that of the late Empress of •China, whose marriage took place a few years ago. The trousseau cost over a million pounds, one-third of the money coming from the Imperial reve nue, the rest from the Empire. There are in England from SO,000 to 00,000 barmaids. Over 1,000 in London are daughters of gentlemen—400 have fathers, brothers, or uncles in the Church, 200 are daughters of army •officers, 200 daughters of physicians and /surgeons, 100 daughters of navy officers. Instructions have just been received 'from the Japanese Government which (will have the effect, almost at once, of placing in the hands of English manu facturers and shipbuilders a further large quantity of work. The sum to be ■expended, it is said, will not be less than four million sterling. The Freneli navy is going to make experiments with torpedo boats built of aluminium or of an alloy of another metal and aluminium. The hulls are of .weak sheet-iron. If the experiments Succeed, it is very likely that larger ■French war vessels also will be built of ithe materials in question. Agricultural Rating Biii, alias the [Landlords’ Relief Bill, which caused ■such excited scenes in the House of Commons, has had an apparently quick .land easy passage through the House of [Lords. This is the first important mea sure for which the present Government Pas succeeded in obtaining the endorse ment of Parliament. ■ The vital statistics of Barbadoes re peal alarming facts that while the ’death-rate in the island lias for many years been steadily advancing, the population has been increasing at the /unusually rapid rate of nearly 10 per cent, per annum. In the decade 1SG1 ,70 the death-rate was no higher than : 21.45—a state of things comparing favor ably with many English towns not ac counted unhealthy; but in the year 1S94 it attained to 34.30. In Prussia the light railways, or *‘Kleinbahnen,” number 37, with a total mileage of about 4S0 miles. Of these the German Government says: “In general the light railways appear to be iwell adapted to the development and improvement of agriculture and forestry and their accessories, particu larly to opening up new markets and facilitating the carriage to and fro of manure auderawt nfffilitcc _ over a enn "^'The "story is being constantly told in Russia of the answer given to the Em peror when his Majesty proposed to his future wife. “The Emperor, my father, ihas commanded me to make you the offer of my hand and heart,” was the Czarevitch's quaint way of putting it. V'And my grandmother, the Queen,” re plied the iady, “has commanded me to accept the offer of your band; your peart I will" take myself.” It is (said, and on good authority, that the Emperor is passionately devoted to his iwife, and that she is equally fond of pirn. Certainly (says a lady's paper) She is a woman calculated to make any . amiable man happy. Here is a grim, story from the “Daily Telegraph’s” Paris letter:—A month Since three men met by chance in a cafe . on the Avenue de Versailles, and had a game of cards. One of them was a journalist, who had been an unsuccessful candidate at the municipal elections in the district; another was a Government official; and the third was a commission agent, tolerably well known in the neighborhood. The Government man was the winner of nearly every game, ..and as the trio stood up to separate the 7 lucky player was addressed as follows py the commission agent: “I am glad to [know you, and X hope that we shall meet again.” The utterer of this sen tence was Aubert (who is charged with the trunk murder) and the person whom he was so anxious to see again was M. "Deibler, the executioner, who lives not ■ far from the Avenue de Versailles. 