fiotion. THE BOBDEBS OF ANOTHER WORLD. PAItT I.— CHAPTER I. " Ah tho scaffold crashed under my feet, as tho knot crusbod my throat, and n great sharp agony blotted out tho blubbing life within rnc, I heard a roaring as of a tumultuous ocean covering and submerging mo; the moment aftor—" naving read thus far, llcdhrook paused somowhat paler ; and simultaneously, the bells of tho neighboring church rangout in jubilation —for it was Christmas morning. !I« looked up— listening. " Peace on earth, good will to men 1" rang out the bolts. If he heard them at all, it was only as if in a dream ; his thoughts wcro evidently far away. Tho light crept In through tho window of tho room, and shono full upon his powerful features, with their oyo- balls somowhat sunken In oavernous sookete. A hard, weather- beaten face, yet with flying gleamsof humour round the cages of the lips ; handeomo, too, and Btlll young ; though tho hair and beard showed straggling glooms of grey. With an impatient gesturo, ho passed his hand-over his oyes, and then, bending over tho manuscript, read on. It was a rough sorawl, so wilaly written as to be exceedingly diflloult to read but, clearly,- it possessed some unusual interest As he read, bo seemed to bo bold in fascination. Ho read on to tho end ; and then, turning back to tho beginning, read on to the end again. ..." Pcaco on earth, good will to men !" rang tho belle. Tho skeleton of a marmoset, standing on tho mantel piece, seemed to bo gravely regard ing itself in tho mirror. All round woro shelves covered with bottles and phials used in a country doctor's dispensary. Tho room, indeed, was naii-disponsary— or surgery— and half-study; for in oho corner was a small well-filled bookcase. A bright fire burned iu tho grate. Outsldo tho snow was thickly falling. Redbrook Bat at bis bureau, faelng tho window. From that position ho could sec tho gloomy walls of Fordmouth Prison, looming darkly through tho falling flakes. Nervously, almost Impatiently, ho throw tho manusoript down, rose, and began pacing up and down tho obambcr. "It is a strange business," ho reflected. "What is most Btrango of all, is tho man's transformation I His talo, suoh as it Is, ono may easily refer to diseasod celebration, caused by the horrible shock of that frightful experience; it is not so easy to understand tho sudden cessation of tho devilish instinot within him." He raiBod tho manuscript again, and road— " Tho moment after—" " Pcaco on earth, good will to men I" rang out tho bells. Glanoing sidelong towards the window, be saw a slight, dark flguro moving silently through the snow in the direction of tho prison, and reoogniscd the Rev- Oharlcs clean-shaven man, more resembling a priest of tho Roman Oburob than an English clergy man. Qulotiy, swiftly, with head eroet, Bhadwell moved through tho wbitoness of tho storm. . _ „ "Confound tho fellow I" muttered brook, " Ho haunts the place like a ghost, with as keen a sent for human misery as a vulture has for carrion? I wonder what bo has to say to this nightmare ?" As he spoko the ohaplain approached tho prison gates, and vanished within them. "This will never do!" cried tho doctor, looking at bis watoh. "I must bo off upon my rounds, and seo if a littlo sunshine and fresh oxygen will pat my nerves in order. I feel as superstitious as an old woman." So saying, ho looked tho manusoript In his bureau, ana, walking out into tho lobby, put on his grcat-ooat, bat, and gloves, and opened tho street door. As bo did so he found him self face to faoe with ono of the warders from tho prison, who saluted blm In military fashion, and said : " You aro wanted at oncor,doctor. . » . Something wroog again in the condemned cell." CHAPTER II. In tho month of Boptombcr, 10—, Ave years before Dr. Bcdbrook perused tho curious manusoript quoted from «,fn my opening chapter, a small ehop'was opened In ono of tho narrow streets running at right angels from tho shippiog port ol Fordmouth. The neighborhood was one of 111-reputo, tho strcol itself, the dingiest and dreariest in an III- smelling and amphibious quarter, and the shop ono of many around it devoted to tho salo of marino stores and sailor's clothing. Blaek and yellow tarpaulins, dingy suits of all sizes, sou'-westers, jackboots, wcro hung in tho narrow doorway ; articles of the same kind, varied with samplo stores of all de scriptions, wcro heaped Inside tho window; and inside, behind the counter, wcro flotsam and jetsam of ovcry kind, from Jack- knives squeejccs up to a dilapidated wooden fcmnlo bust, whion looked liked a broken-nosed heathen idol, but bad onoo oocn part of tho flguro-hcad of a brlgantlno. Over the shop door wcro painted lo rough letters tho words : BlAUm7.ro MODEXA, Ships' Stores and General Doalcr; and behind the counter, when tho shop opened, there appeared iu figure of Maurizio Modcna himself, tall, gaunt vrf!h jet black hair and beard, full red Hps, and a complexion , As the name betokened, ho was an Italian, and his complexion and features, combined with a certain dead, far-oil expression in his largo black oyes, showed him to be of Jewish origin. How bo had drifted thither, when ho bad first determined to fight for life in that dismal place, what bis antcccdento wcro, and whence he had saved tho sum of money necessary to start him In that miserable business, no ono seemed to know and still fewer to care. Ho appeared suddenly, liko a spider In the middio of a web, and waited, as it were, for prey. Yet the few people who ventured into the shop, whether neighbors attracted by curiosity or belated customers of amplblous breed, found him a gcotlo, inoffensive man, who spoke very little English, but managed, with a certain foreign graoo of manner, to make himself understood. His ago waw midway between thirty aad forty, though sometimes he looked muoh older. Ho had a high, narrow, most uointollcotual forehead, wore a black moustache and a beard rcaohing to his bosom, and bad thin, delicate, wax-Hko hands. Before ho bad been many months In that vicinity it was well known lo his neighbors that ho added to his sbrowdncss In bargaining and patient devotion to the petty details of Ids trade, aoortaln empirical eklll in preparing drugs whioh mon and women of the nautical class found mystoriously effective. As (bis branoh of his business was illegal, and con flicted with Interests of authorised druggists and praotitioncrs, it was conducted with some sccreoy, but was nevertheless a source of no littlo profit aoda great deal of reputation. Tho result was that, in tho courso of a couple of years, Modena had acquired a verv con siderable sum of money. What ho did with it, whether ho mndo It tho barts of other investments, or suffered It to accumulate at some bank at ordinary interest, was u mystery, like everything else concerning him ; but tho popular Idea was that the money was hidden away somewhere in a mysterious back parlour, where the Italian ate his frugal meals, und slept. Still, though desperato diameters swarmed on every side, no attempt was over made to rob Modena of his hidden treasure, There was something in his manner, donplto all Its gentleness aud equanimity, which con vinced oven desperadoes that In lay violent hands on his »03Scas|<TOH would be a Imtoful business- t There was aoothor notirco of profit in ad dition to thoso which I have mentioned, and ono which wan also, to a certain oxtont, illegal. From thno to time, when tho occasion offered, Modena advanced small sums of monoy on norlnblo property or approved security. .Many a wild inarinor, having spent all hU savings in tho grog shop and parted with everything ho posscm-d, reverted to tho littlo shop to got an ndvanoo on the papers ho had signed for tho next voyage. Not a fow of snclt loans turned out b ully, thoso who had Incurred them vanishing into snnco, and never returning, but others yielded In tho long run an enormous Interest A particular transaction of this kind has now to bo re corded, mi It led directly to tho tragedy which to tho business of this narrative, and tho concqtfo»e<r9 of which were, from what ever point of view they may bo regarded, in tho highest degree extraordinary. rate ono evening, Maurizio Modena sat rending behind tho counter by tho light of a flaming let of gas, which flickered and blazed In the wind sweoping through tho open door. Tho street was noisy with tho voices of men and women coming and going, and from timo to time there was tho sound of a man's fierce oath and a woman's shriek. Undisturbed oy sounds long familiar, tho Italian pored over his book— an old volumo In mcdlmval Latin, dealing with tho qualities and uses of common herbs. So intent was ho in the porsual that ho did not notico tbo antranco of a customer until, raising his eyes quiotly, ho saw a weathor- bcaton faco looking down at hlra— tho faco of a young man clad in a sailor's Jersey, looso breeches, and boots rcaoh ing to the kneo. "Good ovonlng, mate," said tlio sailor, nodding, " Good ovonlng, slgnor," replied Blodona,' quietly closing nls book. Whilo scarcely scorning to Iook at tho new comer, ho took In at one gbinco evory detail of his nppcaianco —tho young and handsome faco disfigured tfc.mnwniit Itv dnvH nml nlrrlita nf dlnainntlnn. tho light beard and moustaoho tangled and unfinished, tho rough flowing hair without any hut for covering, tho sauoy mouth bruised and swollen by a rcoont blow, marks on tho baro neok and breast as of a woman's finger- anils, and in addition to all thoso physical signs, a general recklessness of demeanour suggestivo of somi-intoxication, and a dis position, In beginning tho conversation, to touch with trembling fingers tho hnndlo of tho sailor's knifo thruBt through his leathern belt. Modena rose and waited, survoying tho sailor through long half-closed lashes. " Well, mato," said tho young man, with a nervous scowl, " it ain't no nso beating about tho bush. I want somo brass, and I'vo'gotto havo it, that's about it. Wo don't sail for a week, and I'm clonrcd out, old man." Tho Italian smiled. " Ah, you uro of tho sea. Altro I You have a shin?" "No mlstako," was tho roply, "The Mntamoradown thcro, unloading, and she's going bnolc, in ballast, to Brazil. My nainb's Phil Barton, from Bandford, and thorn's my nrtlolns for noxt voyage out and homo." Ho drow tho papors from his guernsey, and throw them on tbo counter. Modona took thorn up and glanced' over them, thon hand ing them book to thoir owner, ho said gontly— " Pardon, but I do not undoratand. What Is R you wish mo to do ?" " Oh, stow that, mato," orlod tho sailor, striking tho oounter with his clonchod fist. " Wo know all about it. What d'ye tako mo for ? Homo boochcombor, oh ? Didn't you vittlo Billy Homers, when ho was last in port and tako nothing for it but Billy's I O.U. ?" " And ho did repay mo," returned Modona, shrugging his shoulders, " by novor coming back to land." " Washed overboard," said tho sailor, nod ding. " So I did looso my monoy— Altro 1 Gomo into my parlour, and I will talic to you." Bo saying, ho led tho way into tho room behind tho shop— a dingy den, lighted by a swinging ships lamp and containing bcsidoB a truoklo bed, more flotsam and jetsam of tho soa. On tho mantolpicco woro sovorat ugly- looking bottles with Latin labols, and a num ber of yellow, worm-caton books. - Tho sailor followed him, and closing the door, plaocd bis back against It, and stood survoylnu tho apartment. There was a ourlous look on his faoe, as his oyes turned hlthor and thither, in search, no doubt, of tho mysterious box whioh was popularly supposed to contain tho Italian's treasure, " You want monoy ?" said Modena. " And what for do you want money ? Ah, yes, I know— to spend I— on do grog-shop I I know, I know— it would go like uoreBt, and then—" Ho shrugged bis shoulders, and took from tho chimney piece an old, metal tobacco-box, whioh ho opened, showing a gHmpso of several gold piecoH mixed up with silver. Tbo sailor's oyes glittered— " How much do you want ?" asked Modena, looking at hfra with his keen oyes half sbaddowed by his heavy brows. "Two quid," returned Barton, "Quid 7 ahyos. Two pounds, Thcro will bo interest." " I know," said tho sailor with a drunken laugh. " You ain't tho first landshark I've met." 3lodona rostorcd tbo box to its placo, fished out from some dark corner of tho room an inkbottlc, pon, and a faalf-r.hcct of dirty paper, and wrote out a form In a not uuclcrkly hand. " l'ut your narao thoro. Ho indicated tho spot with a long waxen foroflngor. Tbo sailor, handling tbo pon as If it had equalled a hedge- ctako in hIzo and weight, scrawled a clumsy hloroglyphlo and tossed tho paper baok. Ho might havo signed a paot delivering him body ntirl (mil fn (Tin nfhnrd mnrnv fni nil linlfnnn of tho purpose of tho document. Modona took tho two gold plcocB from tho box and gave them to him. Ho shook them In his fist with a drunken motion of triumph, " Gomo out and wet your whistlo, old roan," , ho suid, whon hn found himBclf in tho outer shop. " Eh 7" no did not wait for answer, nor heed tbo Italian's customary excusatory shrug, but suddenly stumbled a stop or two forward, and wi'b his hands to blB mouth gavo a call which made tho rafters ring. " Kitty! Ahoy!" A /omnia figuro, which had a second before fitted part tho shop door, returned and stood for a minute at trio threshloid. The light within tho shop (oil on her faco and flguro, and lit them up in strong relief against the darkness of tho squalled street. Sho was tall and fully built, blaak oyed and blaok browed, and as sho peered into tho shop and stood poised In an altitudo of stolid and unaon- Bclous graco such as women who pass their lives in frco cxcrolsc of tho limbs In tho open air can naturally assutno. Sho obviously bo- longed to tho samo class as her drunken ac quaintance, her dross was poor, her faco tan ned witli sun and wind, but she was undeniably liundsomc, and something like a uativo refinement, of whioh ho showed no traco, was visible in hor nupc-ot. " AH right," said Barton. " Lie to a bit, I've got tho brass. Comoout and havo a gill wllli mo and Kitty," ho continued, turning to tho Italian. Tho latter, with bis oyes on tho girl, shook his head. "There's no luck in dry bargains, and If you won't go to tho liquor, tho liquor shall como to yon. Hero, Kitty ! go to tho Dragon, and get us somo of tho right stuff," " Why should I run your errands 7" asked tho girl, " Why P' echoed Barton. "Why?" For n moment ho seemed on tho verge of brutality in word or act, but went on with a sudden change of manner. " Because you'ro the right sort, and because it's mo asks you. Hero y'arc." Ho thrust the coin into tho girl's hand, and after a scarcely perceptible hesitation she went. "What d'yo think 0' that for a donna?" Barton nuked of Modena, and began to maunder a verso of a sailor's song Jn prnlso of n numo-sako of tho girl's. »Nnw thon, old Jttiitcru jaws," ho resumed as tbo girl re- entered with a flask of rum, " whore's your manners ? I find the liquor, you find some thing to pfit vour hind onds on." Habituated to the oeocntricitiosof his olionts, Modena silently led the way to tho baok-room, rtunding aside withsouthcrn courtesy to nllow ids guests prcocdence of entry. Barton staggered in, with his lips to tho bottlo, and hostowed himself on tho bed. Kitty, Invited thereto by a wnvo of Modcna's band, took tho only chnlr. Modena remained standing. " Sup, my lass," said Barton, handing the bottle to tho girl. Sho shook her head with a little inoue of repulsion, and handed it to Modena. " More 0' your tricks,!' said Barton. " You'd think ns she'd novcr heard tho name of rum, wouldn't you, and sho can take her whnok along with anybody. Want to oatch this old figurehead, oh, my lady? Rum ain't good enough for you." no laughed with drunken sarcasm, theu, rising in sudden anger, snatched tho bottle from the Italian nnd pre sented it anew to the girl. "Drink, yo baggage, when I tell you !" Ills manner was so threatening that Modena, stepping between them, laid a band upon his shoulder. Tho touch was not a heavy ono, hut it overwhelmed him, and ho foil baok- upon the bed. Ho struggled up, purple In tho fuco, but with his brief augor quito forgotten, nnd began a wandering encomium of Modona, whom ho deolnrcd to bo his only friond thirty seconds beforo ho challenged him to fight. This offer boing silently refused, ho drank oonfuslon to all cowardly land-lubbers, nnd thon becoming amorous, oallcd Kitty to oomo and sit upon his kneo. That invitation meeting no response, ho sulkily betook him- solf to the bottlo, and niter an interval of innrticululntnmauuderlng, varied by nltcrnato oaths nnd laughter, fell into a sudden sleep. " Sleep do him good," said Modona to tho girl. IIo felt a curious longing to hoar hor voico again. "You know him? Friend of Wfttira 9» " Ho is my cousin," said Kitty. " Ho goes away noxt wenk." " You live boro ?" asked Modena. "No, I llvo at Morton, thrco miles out yonder." . \ " Morton, yes, I- know. I havo walked there. Hunday. Very pretty." " It's very dull," said tho girl, with n shrug. " I'd rather Jive hero in tho town. Thero's something to keep you allvo here, with tho ships, and tho sailors, and tho people in tho streets. This is a funny place," sho nddod, looking round tho room. "Havo you lived hero long?" " Ono year," " You'r not an Englishman ?" "No, I como from Nnpoli, what you call Naples." " Naples ?" repeated tho girl. "Whore's that? InFranoo?" " No, in Italy. You Siguorinn, you havo not tho air— how you say it ?— look not liko English. No. Italian." "Aro tho Italian glrlspretty ?" Sho asked the question with a littlo coquettish smite, revealing a suddon gllmpso of sparking teeth. "Altro," said Modona. with a smilo ns sudden and bright ns her own, which so chnnged his sombre faco as to lcavo it scarcely recognisable. " Thon I Bupposo you'll bo going baok thore soon ?"with tho smile yet lingering doraurely about hor mouth. " No," ho answered. " Not go back, stay hero. Italy," ho said, slowly pioking his way through this longer sentence, " not tho oountry where llvo tho protty women." It was said with that native and subtle graco which tho poorest bred Italian shares with his countrymen of all grades, and whioh makes him show so well beside the vulgar of other nations. And then, Modena was not vulgar, oven for a poor Italian. The girl bo- gun to think him a very handsome and agree able man. "And so," ho said, " you livo at Morton ? " " Yes, our cottage Is juBt beyond tho ohuroh. There's tho ribB of an old boat stioking up in the sand, closo by." She gave this informa tion in the most simple and natural fashion in the world. 1 " I mast bo going, it's getting late. What about him ? " she asked, glancing to whero Phil Barton lay slumbering. " Sleep good for blm. Wake by- aud-byo, and go." " Good-night," she said, extending her her hand, aftor a purposed hesitation. Mo dena took it, and bonding qulokly, kissed it. Sho snatched it away with a little laugh, nnd ran out of tbo shop. He followed to tho door, and stood looking down tho dark and noisome street long after the tall, lithe figure hnd disappeared from sight. CHAPTER IH. It was somo two months later, in the full heart of summer, whon Maurizio Modena camo out early one morning into the street, nnd after carefully looking tho door of his shuttered shop and pocketing tho key, walked briskly away. It was Sunday, and a certain atmosphere of Sabbath calm had fallen on the town. Children, unwashed, unkempt, but happy, sprawled on tbo pavemont under the oyes of their mother, who sat knitting, mond- lag nots, preparing vegetables for tho family dinner, or engaged in other household tasks at their thresholds, whilo tho mon lounged against tho door jambs at thoir sides, placidly smoking, or talking in bands in tbo roadway. Most of them hnd a nod or word for tho Italian, ns ho stopped lightly along. Ho wns smartly dressed in a now pea-jacket garnished with gilt buttons, n pair of spotless duok trousers, a bluo-chcoked flannel shirt, a flaring cravat of vivid soarlct, and an incongruous tall hat, carefully brushed. Fordmouth was not in clined to bo flnioklngly critical on minor points of sartorial art, and thought well of tho general effect of Modcna's appearance, as did tbo simple fellow himself. He had not bithorto been known as a drcBsy man, and tho earo ho hnd suddooly displayed in his appcaranoo had given rlso to considerable diBOUBBlon in tbo quarter. Its general reason was obvious enough, but what Modena's neigh bourB waited to know, and wcro not long in discovering, was the identity of the lady whose oharms had oonvertcd theshalblly dressed foreign reoluse into a, kind of looal Beau Brummol, It was noticeable that tho improvement in Modena's appearance was almost purely one of dross. If his face bad changed at all, it was oven more sombre thnn it had been two months earlier, before tho radiant vision of Gathorlno Merrick had suddenly dawnod on tho dingy horizon of tho poor street liTwhioh ho dwelt. His great bluck eyes had an added wistfulness, his oheoks wofo gaunt and pallid as of old, tho momentary smllo with whioh ho answorcd the salutations of hiB neighbours seomed a purely meohanical musoular effort. Ho walked with a certain feverish quiokness of step, as if in hnsto to got out of tho town, and away from tho ourious glances which ho felt around him, even when ho did not sco them. " IIo looks as if ho wcro going to bury the gal instead of to court her," remarked ono old snlt, clad in a shining armour of fish soalcs, " Bottcrfor blm If ho was, p'raps." said his wife. " That's a bitter word, missis," said tho old man. " What's tho matter with the gal ? She's comely enough, aud strong enough, aud healthy enough." "Ah, there's more things than strength and comeliness," returned the woman, who was better dowered with tho formor quality than with tho latter, " Sho'sover thiol: with that drinking, lazy ne'er-do-well as went to Brazil tho other day, and more of his sort, for my fancy, if I was n man and wanted a wife." "I don't know as there's muoh harm in Phil Barton, tho' he's a bit too fond of tho liquor, maybe. And he's her cousin, missis." "Ah," said tho woman again, and for the moment said no moro. " Ho'a fur enough away by this time," said tho husband, "aud getting further every miuutc." " Tho further tho bettor. ' But lio'll oomo baok .somo day." " Well, tho girl will bo snfo married by that thno," said tho old man, who was of a hopoful and optimistic turn of mind. " Lot's hopo it'll mond hor ways," said the womnn, in none too hopoful a tono. "It's better to trip going up tho churoh stops than coming down 'em, I've hoard people say." This briof conversation may bo taken as giving tho gist of a dozen others of liko import Held between Modcnn'a neighbours on that and many previous Hunday mornings, as "ho hnd passed along tho straggling street loading out of tho littlo seaport. A man less reserved could hardly have failed to learn moro than he knew o! the nublia opinion on his promised bride, and of the opinion of his neighbours regarding bin chancos of happiness in his wedded lifo. Whether such a knowledge would havo stirred him ono hair's breath from tho path, in which ho had elected to walk, oxccpt to tako suoh vcngeanco ns he might upon tho Rlanderers of the woman ho loved. Tbo rapid paco at which ho left the town, his obvious desire toavotdall communication, with his nolghbours, had no such moaning as thoy rend in them. Had he known their suspicions of Catherine, ho would have fiercely resented them, but ho nolthcr knew or oared to know what any living oreaturo thought ol hor. Ho was by nature undemonstrative, and years of solitudo had mndo him awkward in all dealings with his fellow men hut thoso which resulted in shillings and ponce. Ho shrank from tho free chaff whioh Is as liberally bestowed in Fordmouth as elsewhere upon tho man who goes a-courtlug; his lifo was a thing too snored, too apnrfc from- any other influonco that hnd touched his hard lifo to ho gossiped over with tho men and womon among whom ho lived, but with whom ho had littlo onough in common in most respect. Ho passed tho dooks, whoro tho ships nnd barges lav icily rocking on a faint swell, black against the glittering sand, beyond whioh tho spiro 01 a onurcn announced to tnoso wno know tho landmarks, tho locality of thovlllngo of Morton. He stuok to tho shore lino, making somothing of a dotour to avoid tho village,' and having passed it, camo in sight of tho ribs of tho old wrcok, whioh had been his landmark whereby to find Catherine's cottage on his first visit thore, nearly two months before. Tho cottago stood a littlo boyond, a stono'B throw from tho ohuroh, whioh stood slightly on tho hitherslde of tho cluster of houses forming tho villago, nnd just boyond the lino of sand. Modona entered tho ohuroh, and within tho porch camo upon Catherine, stand ing beside tho heavy oaken settle, on which sat nn elderly woman, hor mother, with a crutohbetween her knees. Gathorlno was dressed In white, and evon in tho eyes of man not in lovo with hor, would have looked beautiful. An oxprcsslblo " Ah I" of admiration onmo from Modena's lips, nnd his eyes glanced with a sudden tondcrnoss. Tho girl flushed a little at the simplicity of his pleasure, and submitted to his embrace, repulsing him afterwards with a littlo smilo of warning and a baokward turn of her eyes towards tho ohuroh. Ho kissed tho old woman, too, with less rapture, but With some and supported her into tho bnilding and up to the altar steps. A minute Inter tho olergy- man and olork appeared from tho vestrv, and in ten minutes Maurizio Modena and Catherine Merrick were man nnd wife. to de continued. 