1'HOEBfi. I i. I -lbs lane led to nowhere at all. There I fenced-in field at the end, which I Jjmsed t0 Squ>re Kingston, and King- I flail stood about half-way down on I stpD . i-. Ride as vou turned iutn I lane from the high road. There I n0 bouses on the left, only an I ctre . „r limp. trees, and bevond that Jwutinn through which, by a cir- I ' ?' path, the village might be I mlcbed. Another path led Btraiglit I - t lb P'ne woods' the place I "re iustly famous. And midway between Kingston Hall I i! the field st the end of the lane was „e cabled cnttage, all covered with and Virginian creeper, with pro- ljn(. bBy windows, arid a ronmy old smothered in honeysuckle. It b,ck from tbelaoB, the garden S enclosed by a high box vbicb,en one side, alone separated rjf0Di (he grounds of Kingston Hall, l'me Oott»ge had once been an appnr- Msnceof'he Hall ; bntitnow belonged !: , former ageut of the estate, a lawyer Bed M"rel, who lived there with his mnd-danghter — an old housekeeper, \i one other servant comprising "the ',|l honsehold. One sultry evening U»rd9 tbe close of August, when the Wnt of new-mown hay came wafted m OS from tlie field, and there were gill 800)0 roses left in the garden, Mr. jjjrel ws6 sitting on a beucb, just out- rye the porch, smokiDg his favourite lose pips- There was a puzzled expres- gononhiB kind, rugged face as he stared f redly »t P,ot f gnu", do to the bJjge on bis left Presently he laid aside his pipe, and hling op a stoat walking-stick pointed jl towards the hedge and began counting. <Oor two, three, four, 6ve, six, seven _only seven I I'd swear there were mht a minute ago, and there were nine U start with ; there ought to be nine. He began again. 'One, two, four, five, six — only six (gr. Bless my soul !' He took tbe silk handkerchief from unr bis knees, and carefully wiped his (yes. Then he began again. This time he only get as far as five, and he swore quietly but emphatically. Well, be muttered, mopping his behead, ' if this doesn't beat every thing ! I've heard of folks seeingdonbie, lot sol ' A p»ir f soft bands were laid on his rjK end a gay youug voice cried — ' Why, pindfather, who are yon grumbling at F Phoebe, my dear, just look at that pis-plot yonder/ The girl shaded her eyes with her hod and stared in the direction indi cted. Then she gave a little cry. Ob, those chickens: If they haven't scaped again ! I'll soon catch them,' lie added, speaking close to his ear. The old mail chuckled. 'Unless jsn're sharp there will uot be any to etch,' he called after her as sbe ran iovn the garden path. 'They are dis- ippearing as fast as they can !' Of course tbey are disappearing,' die laughed back ; 1 they are going through the gap in tbe hedge.' Gap in the hedge ! Why wasn't it aentif Mr. Morel raised himself wiih diffi culty, and leaning heavily on his slick, hobbled after his grand daughter. . By tbe time tbe latter reached the plot of gracs, there were only two thickens left, and these she promptly captured and shut up in an out-honse. , Hen she got on to a wheelbarrow and - peered over the hedge in order to as- ' attain the whereabouts of the remaining j areo. I A bead immediately popped up on i the other side, and she was confronted < it very close quarters by the dark, determined face of a remarkably hand- nine man. 'How dare you !' she eaid frowning. 'How dare you !' he returned frown- tag likewise. ' I'll have you ap for tnspsssiug.' 'Trespassing ! What do you mean !' Jest what I say. These are my gnmods, and your head and shoulders 1 ire protruding ioto them.' ' Phoebe drew back, colonring hotly. . "J 1 1 think you are a very rude man,' die said, and stopped in blank - amaze- I Bent, fur without a word he fell flat down on bis back and remained per fectly motionless ; and at the same moment her grandfa'her, who had Been poking his 8 tick backwards and forwards throogb the hedge, called out — 'I've caught oue of them, Phoebe; I've caught— well, of all the slippery customers !' he broke oflf,8taring stnpidly >t thB hooked handle of the stickoslie drew it towards bitn. 'Oh !' Phoebe cried, jumping off her bsrrow and regarding her grandfather vith dismay. « I believe it was a man Jon caught, or eHe he's in a fit ; I must go roond and see.' ' Yes, my dear, ran round and see ; hot I don't fhink they've got into a pit. I don't think there is a pit anywhere in the grounds,' soliloquised the deaf old gentleman, as, after marking Where tbe hedge required mending, he retained to sis bench and proceeded to fill his pipe. meanwhile Phoebe bad poshed .open the big iron gate which so closely ad joined the small wooden -one of LSme Cottage, and running swiftly along the m on- grown path knelt down by tbe prostrate man. She asked him timidly if he were hurt, but receiving no reply touched his forehead, under the heavy ; "es of dark hair, and thoughtit felt oool and clammy ; this,howevar,was pure Imagination. Phoebe was about to shout for help, when she fancied the detected light twitching at the corners oftne ""nth. after all, he vers only pit- tending ! Bnt no ; why should he 4 ' ; She laid her hand over Hie region here she might reasonably expect hie Mrt to be, only that if this were 8qnirt &h;>gstoD, as she snnbosed. neonle Said he had no heart. And then r—PhoebB as almost startled nntof terAenrieii— the man suddenly sprang up, and earing her hands, held hera prison er.. - . if 'Oh, let me go » Pioase let ine go !'; we cried, straggling , wildly .jto xelease herself; but Squire Kingst on(forl>ei t »ly tightened %i 'No, no !' J? halfmosed, b|jf#iuSl- unfile. 1 am not going to:iet;yriaasisi#Spri ?" «ne of yorir p»raif;)lfUy|s roean 1 o keepyottrih#i|ri"l>rode 1116 a promise,' . . ,q .'I will promiritijlthew <IM y-j 4 Very well. Isnpposeyon are aware that I could have Mr. Morel arrested for — shall we Bay for common assault F 4 Indeed, indeed he did not mean to hurt yon. He, laughing nervously as she. glanced at the tall, broad-shouldered man beside her, 'he thought you were a chicken !' : " 'Then let him continue to think so, returned the squire gravely. ' The mo ment yon undeceive him, he must be prepared to take tbe consequences of knocking me down in my uwo garden.' ' You mean,' said - Phoebe, opening wiae eyes ot astonishment, that 1 am to tell my grandfather yonare a chicken P I meau that you are not to tell him anything. You are not to mention ha v- iog seen me at. rill. Do you understand f ' Yes, oh, yes ! Now let me go- please f she implored. ' Promise me,' he said, in a tons of command. Yes, I promise, '- Phoebe rejoined very earnestly; and the strong arm using at once removed she sprang to her feet and went flyiug down the path. .But before she reached the gate, Squire Kingston overtook her. 'Not so fast if you please, young lady !' he eaid, laying a detaining hand on her arm ; ' I want you to make me another promise/ ' ' Oh, no, no ! I can't ; I can't make any more promises ! Ob, please let me go !' There were tears in Phoebe's eyes now. 'What's your name? inquired her tormentor planting his back againBt tbe gate and gazing steadily into the pretty, tragic yoong face. Phoebe Little.' Very well, then, Phoebe laittle — or shall we say " Little Phoebe, for choice 1 Tell me, have you a sweetheart 1 Per haps yon are even engaged to bo mar- 1 ried !' Phoebe's face tamed crimson ; no one had ever bo spoken to her ; tears wefled uy to her evep. . 1 Yon have no right to talk to me like Hist, she cried. ' IPs only the servants who talk about sweethearts and all that. I never even wished to be engaged.' 'Then all I can say is that the young men of the neighbourhood must be blind. This must be a very benighted place. I shall have to set it a better example.' ' I must go back to grandfather,' was all Phoebe replied. She coald not in the least understand this strange mao, who spoke to her as no one had ever spoken before ; and sbe suddenly came to the conclusion that he mnst be langh- ing at her. 'Very well, little Phoebe, then I will say- good night!' said this perplexing squire, his fingers clasirig firmly for a moment over hera. ' By-the-bye/ be added carelessly, aB he opened the gate an inch, ' I have something particular to say to you, but as you dou't wish to. be detained this evening it mnst wait until tomorrow. Meet me at three o'clock io tbe plantation at the entrance to the wood/ | ' Ob, I can't, I can't indeed ! Grand father would not let me.' ' Mr. Morel will know nothing about it,' he dedared coolly. ' What ! are you forgetting your promise already 1' Phoebe remained speechless. ' Then — I shall expect you at three !'.j and without waiting for an answer,- Squire Kingston lifted his hat and sauntered slowly back up the garden path. ' Gad !' he mused, thoughtfully pall- 1 ing his long moustache, ' What a face ! Who would have thought of coming across beauty so rare in this dull hole. I might do worse than remain here for : a couple of weeks and amuse myeelf i with tbe charming Phyllis. Why should I I not rouse that slumbering heart, and so attune the strings that they should respond and vibrate to every touch of mine I Why not I' He canght sight, in the gathering dusk, <of some small moving objects. " We are seven," he mormured softly, 'seven dissipated little chickens who deserve beating,' and so saying, be , bandied them all unceremonious! y through the gap in the hedge. Lben he I looked about for something with which I to fill in the apcrtnre, but seeing nothing I removed his Panama hat, and used it | as a plug, I He took out his cigar-case. I ' There would be the dance and all to 1 pay if old lawyer Morel knew I was here; bnt she won't tell. The girl is I -as true as steel ; I read 'it in her eyes. 1 And what eyes I Let me see what do I they remiud me of 1 Wood violets, j with the dew upon them — yes, that's it ! I And I declare those full pouring lips were formed for kissing. No lover in tbe way. Basil, old fellow, you're inj luck. The house party at- Moorlands can offer you nothing so seductive in tbe way of womankind as this charming discovery. " Little Phoebe," poor frighteDed bird, I am .going to clip yohr j wings ; your days of freedom are num bered.' With which last observation .Basil Kingston, Captain 7th Dragoon Guards, tossed away fhe end of his cigar, and entered bis ancestral ball. trolling oat in his rich tenor voice — 'JM t£ darrm la mama' \- And the next'morniog he despatched ! the f ofloiringTelegram to a friend in London':— " . : : j Horry, not able to join your party. Detained here on business. . Hope io see you at Pqrlsmoiilb before expiration j of leave.' . \- .-H,-;. ' Grandfather, two sat at AreaHrife 4 why rio people callSqoire Kingston heartleeB f The delicate bloom deepened on the girl's cheeks as ahe .put the question, arid .'ahe&BjptW; eyri fixed on her pla% 'Because he is Aeaitlesssnd 4nd/-'lCr-' Mord repliedj bringirigliis band down on- tofi tovib r«mpoaumij« « h®" j with Idle diasijriritf "life FV ; ; /-.l ; Bnt∋»-5!Wlilf» ? SliiPllIf slowly, ' has pot Squire Kingston into" yonr mind f - _ I — I don't know. 1 suppose/ eaid Phoebe, miserable at the deception she was called upon for the first time to practice, ' it was being in his grounds lust night ; such beautiful grounds, grandfather.' j 'A perfect wilderness ! A tangle of grass and weeds 1 If the Squire looked after his property a bit instrad of bnt its better as it is, better as it is,' be broke off, still staring bard at Phoebe. ' We don't want any of his sort prowling about these parts, making love to girls, as this youog scamp's father did — the scoundrel !' Ob, grandfather, that is a dreadful word,' ' It isn't too dreadful for the man, Phoebe ; he broke your mother's heart.' My — mother's.!' Phoebe gasped. Yos, your mother's. Fve never told you the story, but if you like I'll tell it now. It can do no harm, and it may be a warniog to you.' Phoebe said, ' Please, grandfather, and shivered involuntarily as she took a low seat by bis side, leaning her bright head against bis knee. 'You .'are a pretty girl, Phoebe, a very pretty girl/ Mr. Morel began ; ' bnt you are not so pretty as your motbei was at yonr age. She was juBt the fairest flower that ever bloomed, arid as happy as the day was long, rill Squire Kingston — the present Squire's father —cast bis covetous eyes upon her. He came down here wi-h a large party for the shooting, twenty years sgo this very men h. The hall was filled from base ment to attic,and there were gay doings ; -dancers and dinners and frolic of all sorts. Thenlacewss like a fair: and though I was blind as a bat at the time, suspecting nothing wrong, I learnt after wards that tbe Squire used to steal away from his guests and meet my Mary down by Chnrch-end farm ; we lived at tbe Other side of the village then, in the big bouse over the offices. He fairly he- witched the girl with Mb. grand airs and good loiks and bold wooing, and be a married man — the viilain ! He left . no atone nntnrned to win her from her rightful lover, Tom Little who was the rector's eldest eon, and himself training ministry. He worshipped tbe very ground sbe trod on. He was wide awake, too, was Tom ; and in - the end he saved bis sweetheart — saved her from that bise bad man. The Squire had got her consent to go with him to London, he pretending that his present marriage was not legal, and that he could leave his wife whenever he pleased ; and Mary was so innocent she believed him, and agreed to meet him at tbe cross roads on a certain nighty when a carriage would be in waitipg to convey them to Southampton. But Tom, ever on the alert, got wind of the affair, and when Squire Kingston lifted my poor girl half-fainting into the carriage, he was on the box beside the coachman and whipping up the horses he drove her straight home.' The old lawyer paused, smiling grimly, and Phoebe, who had been listen ing with bated breath, heaved a little sigh of relief. The night was dark as pitch and the Sqaire knew no more than Adam where he was being taken ; no doubt supposing whe;i the -carriage stopped, that they, had reached the terminus whence they were to take train for London. I should like to have seen bis face when Tom opened the door and seizing Mary in his arms disappeared with ber in the darkness ; while the coachman, deaf to the Squire's furious shoots to him to stop, started back immediately tbe road they had come, depositing his fare ultimately in the livery stables of an adjoining town. And the first I knew of what bad happened, was being awaked by the ra'tling of stones against my bedroom Window, and Tom's voice calling softly, ' Hush 1 for the lore of heaven, and don't rouse the honse, font creep down quietly and let as in.' Yon may think I was staggered, but I I trusted Tom and just did what be told imp: and the moment Hie drior -was opened, Mary slipped past me like a ghost, and, running upstairs, "afant her-, self into her own room. Then Tom told me all, and his last words to me (hat night, were : ' Mind, riot a word to Mary 1 She has promised to marry me in a month, and I eball know how to guard my own.' Well, it was nigh on three months before the marriage took place, for Maty caught a cold that night which fastened on her chest, and she was confined to ber bed for many weeks with the doctor attending. She was never the eAme afterwards. In spite of ail Tom'a love and care she drooped and faded, and when yon wore barely a month old ehe died. Decline, the doctor called it, and maybe it was, "maybe .it wasn't ; ber mot her died of consumption and Mary was never very strong. Bnt I to my mind she died of a broken heart ; I it was plaiu to be read in ber hearitifol, I ead face, thongh she never complained j and was just as sweet and patient as (conid be. Boor, pretty Mqry,' Mr. j Morel concluded, brushing bis hand across -bis eyes. Fhoebe was crying .quietly, nut sue managed to articulate;. My father f .'.Ah, he was terribly cut up, poor fellow ; and when yon were a " little toddling mite of three, he. died of a fever which waa raging in the "district down by the river ..yonder. I " retired from active bhsroeas then, having a fair j competency, and jmoved- here with - you I and the faithinl eonl who has been like a mother to yon. Why, -Fhoebe; crying I Oh, huah, my dear; yon wilt snake trie sorry 1 told yon yonr mother's rifory. There' pushing bade the cnrliug masses | of her gold-brown hair with hia thin | tender faand. , 'It was the will of Prfr j vid|noe/jost the will . of Providence, I Phoebe, irid. we must not marmprThe 1 Sqaire 7 KiUtd in a duel ; be got hie deserts, the old lawyer answered shortly. 'And Mrs. Kingston F Phoebe askcd : , .'She was Spanish Jady, yeiy, proud rind handsome. I need ;lo eee herdri vibg through thelanes wjth hwibqy :hy her the lullagas, who fhrodd the »' yorihgquire? assaastta; '"V" " - '- thia conutry. . Hes. as rich is be s bad,' finished the lav yer laconically , as he rose and declared that he ' mnst go and have a look roand, and see aboot rcpii'riug that fence.' ; There is nothing more curious than the ingenuity with which a woman: will find excuses for a man whose" aim are eine againBt her own sex, and nbout whose delinquencies there bangs a mysterious halo of romance. As Phoebe went abont her honsehold duties that morning, ehe found a hundred excuses tor Hull Kingston, not one of which even that sad rake himself would have deemed plausible. His early' train ing and associations; a wild dissolute fatffer ; a proud, passionate mother ; a Spanish nnrse who indulged his every caprice ; and then, later, the many temptations to which he was exposed by reason of hia grpat wealth and strikingly handsome appearance. Hib face, io its dark romantic beauty, reminded Phoebe of those knights in armoor who had looked down at her from their frames in the oak dining-robm at the HalL when. as a child, she had been taken thereby her nurse. It wasthe proud face of one accustomed to command and be obeyed. He had commanded her— Phoebe Little ! Should sbe obey 1 Should she meet him in tbe plantation that afternoon 1 Thia was the question she kept aukine herself all through dinner, as she sat opposite ber grandfather ; but even while ehe knew instinctively what bis answer would be, she seemed to feel tbe power of a pair of dark compelling eyes, to hear a peremptory voice saying, ' 1 shall expect you I' arid the remembrance filled her with strange excitement aod unrest. Presently her grandfather noticed that she was eating nothing, and asked anxiously if she was riot feeling well. Phoebe'e pale face flashed suddenly es she murmured something abont the heat ; and then Mr. Morel eaid what, had he known the troth, he would sooner have cot out his tongue than say. ' Phoebe, my dear, I think that while the wtatber continues so hot, it will be well for yon' to go to arid from tbe village by way of the plantation. It's a bit farther bnt it's shady and pleasant, and with so mnch fever abont, I don't feel easy. Only for this tiresome rheum atism I would go myself.' 'Very well. grandfather,' she responded without looking up. ' And don't hurry yonrself, my dear. I don't expect anything of importance from the office, and you know I don't often read the London papers before tea. I — why, what are you laughing at F he broke off laughing, too, for surely no thing so contagious as Phoebe'e sweet girlish laughter was ever before heard. ' You can't read with yonr eyes shut, grandfather,' ehe returned saucily, ' and you never open them till I bring; yon your tea.' ' Yon baggage ! Be off with you 1 Don't torget to call at the poet-office, and mind you keep well under shelter of the trees in the plantation.' So it was settled for her ; the good old man who loved her, himself urging the girl to takB -the first fatal step on her disastrous journey. But Phoebe'e heart was light s.s she dressed for her walk ; no premonition at danger tame to bet as Sbeprit on a fresh bios cambric gown and a big hat trim med with cornflowers aud marguerites. She sang softly as sbe walked down the garden-pa-fa, pausing to gather a few carnatione and fastening them into ber belt. And so, with the frith of a wo man in what loots good, and the fearless ness of a child io all things, Phoebe, went forth to meet her tote. III. A m-intb'lias passed since that first meeting between Gaptiiin Kingston and Phoebe in the - plantation — a month of mingled joy and despair to the ooe, of intoxicatiua happiness to the ether. . As be stood waiting for Phoebe on -tbat brilliant August afternoon four weeks ago, Basil Kingston can recall how, at sight of the pretty jgiriish 6gure emerging from under the lime-trees in the ' avenno, and advancing slowly to wards him, he had experienced an en tirely new sensation, a sudden .fijtirring at his heart, an instant leaping into life of a .feeling that had until then lain dormant. The innocent; unsuspecting child ! Her confidence in him, her otter guile- lessness and nnconsciouanee of evil, appealed to him in a -way" that surprised even himself ; and he resolved then and there that be. would never betray her trust, tbat no harm should ever come to 1 her through him. ' Alas 1 be reckooed without a girl's tender, impressionable heart ; and, riot being a vain man, he toiled to ciee that bis very presence was a source of danger to Phoebe. He toiled, too, at flratto recognise, that hie own .heart was not the adamantine rode hehad alwaysimagined it to be ; audthns, stowiy, imperceptibly, he rifted into what, becajme he jone greaflove of his life. /' ' ' ' Yet nothing occurred -at that second - meeting that might not easily.iia ve token place at" U TMauai -encounter between acquaintances. , Captain Kingston , bad gently chided Phoebe for coming through the hot sun'to keep/her appointment £ arid ehehad replied,' wlrb a pretty little air of dignity, that fibs' was tin her way to the village— she went every after noon ob, fatal admission 1) 'on business for grandfather,' "" .-I IJpon bjs remarking that that was rather a roundabout way to the village, Phoebe .admitted that it waa, fact eaid hergrandfaUierwiBhed hertopoinphBt Way because It was cooler than the high road. Then she otoerved with engaging frankness tiiat he had to say that was 'eo .particular/ Gaptain Kingstop lepghed and turned waited for her tetum ; aridhef had tiot been4 able meetinghMtheitollo'n.eftwnbpffptid the next, and thfi next- 'Sq'ftfSieMiw : ?.fel \- Alter jtoe fieat- and glare «f a London ; rind ever riurstod -jfot|mora, illl JbMdly 'pretty elf ' in the -deep recesses of her own native woods. He never asked himself how it was all to end ; the pre sent moment sufficed, and he did not look beyond. And daring those golden autamn days- a new world opened up for Phoibe ; a glorified world wherein she dwelt with » fairy prince, whose eyes spoke a language Bbe hardly at first understood, bnt the touch of whose lips thrilled through every nerve in her body, causing her joy unspeakable. Tbe girl grew in beauty day by day, expanding like a flower beneath the ennshine of her lover's caresses, till he told her, laughing, that sbe fairly dszzled him. She was a little witch, and he would have to lock her up to prevent her from exercising her spells on some other poor fellow. Bnt it was strange how pale and haggard Captain Kingston bimBelf : became ; and with -what feverish anxiety he began, as September drew to a close, to watchfor tbe postman every morning, His thoughts, indeed, seemed divided between his letters and Ms love — the postman and Phoebe, Phoebe and the postman — and then, at last, the blow fell ; the news be had been expecting, and fearing, arrived. It came in the form of an Official document; and as be tore it opeD, his face grew white es death. 'Merciful heavens!' he ejaculated ; ' how am I to tell her F « It was very lovely in the woods. Outside the shelter of the treee the sun was shining with almost midsummer warmth, but here it was all peace and cool greeo depths. Tbe air was filled with the fresh damp smell of the meadow sweet, and the faiot subtle perfume of tbe pines. Underfoot, pine-needles lay ae thick as a Persian carnal, while over- head the tree -tops arched arid met ; shafts of light here aod there breaking through tbe gloom and forming fantastic, dancing patterns on the moss and roots. Basil Kiogston, seated on the trunk of a fallen tree; never removed bis sad, despairing gaze from Phoebe'e radiant face ; aud she, on tbe soft turf at Mb feet, ber arme crossed on her knees, waa smiling up at Mm — the happy smile of perfect confidence and love. But presently she noticed that he was pale, silent, preoccupied, and with pretty solic tude began asking if he were ill, if he had taken cold or had a headache I ' N«, my darling, no/ he answered, and added, in tones tender as a caress : Little Phoebe, mio bel diletto, I shall have to go away.' 'Oh, no,' she eaid, playfully clutching his arm. ' I will not let you go — Basil !' He bad taught her to say his name, but sbe still hesitated shyly over it. She thought now that he was merely alluding to their daily parting, and she langhed softly, shaking back the clustering curls on her brow. Her innocent gaiety, ber pretty cajolery, made Basil's task doubly hard. ' My darling, I am not joking — would to Heaven that I were ! Thia morning I received my marching orders, and I must leave for London to- night.' Leave, me !' she faltered, all her pretty colour fading, her eyes growing wide and dark. ' My child, I must. I am a soldier, you know, and have to obey orders. My regiment eails for. India in less than a week, and Why, Phoebe, little Phoebe ! Oh, husfa, bush, my darliog 1' She had fallen forward with her Jbead; on his breast.and was sobbing piteously. This pnt the finishing touch to Mb remorse. 'I cannot let you go, Basil — oh, I cannot !' she wailed. ' My sweet, yon make it harder for me,' be mormnred, kissing the eyes and lips that a moment ago had been so smiling and happy. 'God knows I would stay with yoii if I could.' 'Then,' ebe cried, with a reckleBS abandon, if yqn cannot stay with mi, take mo wiih yon 1 Ob, Basil, take me with you ! 1 shall die if you' leave me behind. There was a dead and dreadful silence. Iflasted but a second, yet it seemed an hour before Basil spoke, Mb voice sound ing curiously calm and passionless. 'There is only one way, only one; but if you will -trust yourself £o me, -I swear you shall never regret it. Are you brave eriough to defy the world's censure for my sake! Will you come away with me, little Phoebe, knowing the troth f 1 The troth !' she echoed, raising her self io read in his' eyes tbe meaning his voice had toiled to convey. Ah, Basil, you frighten me. What is it F ' It is— may God forgive me for deceiving yon —tbat T have a wife livine !' With a look that Basil Kingston will, remember to Ms dying day, she fell back . in his arms, white and trembling. My mother!' was alT she eaid, 'staring at him strangely. And. he, crhsbing the lovely, anguished eyes against his breast, pressing bis lips to tbe soft hair and cheeks, could -not speak for the painful swelling that iroae in his throat, the bitter ' eeif-reprpach thatchoked his utterance. How-long -he held her thus, closely .eloped til his throbbing heart, ..neither ever knew. Tbe twilight' grew into darkness J tbe stars riame/rint , onq - by one ; ;fch"e taiest-motroto'Sn "golden splendour ; bat sti" tbey sat -there, locked in each other's - arms ; the' pities aVqne/iriystiic aod solemn, beating witness to the Bilent agony of thoBs two human etmls. 1 " Z // /". J - ' » " ' /Late the - fallowing night a jail, noldieflydnoking man with a stern,' set lace, walked into Lady Geraldine Kingston's box at Co vent Garden Theatre auditookja vacant chair-behind her. "/ ' 'Goqdgraciong, Basil J' she exolaim ed, turning found, 'how ypn' startled me ! Why, hhiat in the world's thfi matter 1' -she went oo, staring at .him curiously through her gold- rimiried - pince-nez. sYoniooklike a ghost.' - .' -jpb I| '/I can't Bay the 'saine tor tyou. " ; 4 Beally 1 / Well, I was fifraid " Gririle had .,:bpen A jittle;;, heavy jtanded with M rohto-night/Am £ qnitejafrightF rnhe afikfid «ri&'ca":ponfidenre. - . ' = .> 3 /|Ie 'j|ooked ! oVjn )ier, deliberately, to. diffinriritiy/toking innTOtyfletoiJ orher mine on her jcheeka , -and -lips ; the flasMrigyswris on her -bare ArmB arid nerikf-iheehgant "coffitrer And riveri tits tmori iiH alMae Had gtriUh .'nre; with a bi bat resting on her bright carle ; a sweet Grenze-like face, a deli cately radiant complexion. ' Well/, cried 'an impatient, fretful voice, 'can't you make up yonr mind whether 1 look a fright or not F 1 Yon never look a fright, Geraldine/ ber husband answered coldly. 'I came here to-night to say ' Bnt at that moment hrr attention was claimed by the gentleman at her side, and Basil leaned bick in bis cba>r, a look of intense suffering on his face. Presently his wife tamed to him again with an unpleasant smile. , After all/ she said, 'yon need not have made the sacrifice.' ' What sacrifice F ' Do yon suppose everyone did not know why you left London so suddenly ? Mademoiselle, however, qoickly cinaoled herself for yonr absense, so that your quixotic notion of saving the reputation of the charming danseust met with— — ' 'Good heaven Geraldine !' he broke io fiercely, ' can yon talk nothing but scandal ! Does yonr. mind neves soar above the frailty and falsity of yonr own sex F . The laughed airily. '.Yon are a little too funny to-night ; bat since yon ask the- question I will confess that my thoughts do occasionally stray beyond a woman's weakness — even as tor as a man's wickedness I' She leaned forward, -laying a daintily- gloved hand on -the shoulder of a man in front. 'Lord Gbeveoix,' she said, with scarcely veiled insolence, ' allow me to introduce yon to my husband in a new character — a preacher of morality — and, as yon see, the rile dees not suit him. He looks ' As if he had seen a ghoBt/ pnt in his lordship promptly, tnrning to shake hands with Basil. ' Jnst what I said/ exclaimed Lady Geraldine. ' So I have,' he replied hoarsely, his eyes dark with emotion — ' the ghost of what might have been. . The life yon lead here is artificial, unworthy— I'm sick of it !' ' Since when f mormnred a voice in hie ear, and a lady who had joBt entered bent upon Mm a pair of mocking mis- chevions.eyes. Captain Kiogston rose, offering her bis seat. 'Since yon played Queen Guinevere to my Sir Lancelot,' he replied brutally, in the same low tone, and with a cart bow left the box. He saw his wife, later, as she swept to her carriage, leaning on the arm of an Anstriao Count. 'Ah, Basil 1' she said sweetly, 'are yon, too, leaving! ' Well, good-night !' ' It is good-bye; Geraldine. I have received orders to join at once ; we sail the end of tbe week.' ' So soon ! Au reeoir, then ! Bon voyage V and with a careless nod she passed on. And this was the woman whom Basil Kingston had once thought he loved, whose statuesque beauty he bad deemed the very perfection of fe male loveliness. - He never dreamed tbat so fur a casket could hold anght bnt tbe purest gem ; arid he was yoong enough, and credulous enough, then, to take -her protestations of affection for himself as art grand sericux. He found her -vain, selfish, frivolous, heartless; and before the honeymoon was well over hje 'had to acknowledge . to himself that on the very threshold of life he had made an irreparable mistake. If, in stead of having been merely dazzled and ensnared, he had really loved her he might have set to work to discover the good which, be it much or little, exists in all God's creatures — and made the best and most of it. As it was they drifted steadily apart ; though living in the same honBe, the poles coald not be farther asnnder. The daughter of an impoverished Irish Earl. Ladv Geraldine Fermov had, up to the time of her marriage been denied mnch thrt she coveted. She then made up for lost time ; plunging wildly into the voter of London eociety ; becoming a leader of fashion in a certain fast set of it ; driving tandem in the jmrk ; following the bounds ; dancing, .flirting, and caring notiiirig what become nf the man whose money she spent so freely. Lady Geraldine was, indeed, perfectly satisfied with her bargain. She had married -for money, aDd as her husband made .her an ample allowance she bad nothing left to wish for. Sbe never allowed anything to interfere with her day's enjoyment or her night's rest-. She was, in short, a bsantiful, soulless crea ture, destitute alike nf sympathy and love. As for Basil Kingston, his faith in all women broken because of the evil behaviour of one, he went on bis way if not rejoicing at least indiffereot, cy nical, contemptuous. He richly revenged biinseif on the sex fay which be had been doped. Possessing over women a magnetic power he exercised it without scrapie — conquering them, scorning them, treating them as his alaveB ; and remaining unscathed himself, until the purity and sweetness of Pboebe Little woke within him feelings tbe strength and intensity of which completely over- , whelmed him. He, the victor, was io bis tarn, van quished. HiB - love for - the little unsophisticated country maiden became -the one' absorbing passion of' his life. HaH a kind tote thrown "her earlier across his path, who shall say that the record of Basil Kingston's life might not riot have been' writ in letters ' of gold 1 Or who, knowing tbe circoriistances of .Ms marriage, but would hold Lady Geraldine as only one degree less responsible than himself for tbe sins be committed 1 ''« IV. ; An Indian sun is ponring its hottest, fiercest rays upon a fair city on the bink of the Ganges; scorching the pavements where wMferebed priests and beggars. - s wam, trad ; bugs Brahmin bails arenot orily tolerated' but pro tected ; dazzling the eyes of crowds of pilgrims as they wend their wsiy to one brother of the manytempleswitii which giiki&iMpl;'' deht the bright and varied .lints of the onwtumee -wora -hy the natives. Bows of white tnog>iowi; «»do8ed .riflih gardens/do ubt escape glare , anatooneMtoesehouahwoofficers iriuridress .hrilfMrn are lonnging when took op the Timet ; the other speedily - i became absorbed in his correspondence. Prefeently astartled exciatnaiiun, followed by the upsetting of a small wicker table, caused the latter to look up, then to tise hastily end cross to bis friend's side. ' Whan is it, Kiogston F be inquired anxiously. 'The beat! Heredrink this.' Bnt Captain Kingston poshed tbe glass to Ooe side and staggered to his feet clutching the back of a chair for support. ' Macro/ he said, speaking low and rapidly, 'I want to go to England at once. Yon- have influence with the Colonel -will i you nse it on my behalf and obtain me three months' leave on nrgent private affairs! I should be in debted to ynri for more than life.' ' My dear fellow, of conree ! Bad news, eh! There, yon can explain another time. I will see the Colonel at once and — what's that yon eay ! Send in yonr papers if I toil ! Nonsense ! I shan't toil. Yon look a Gt Bubjct for rick leave.' And to himself Major Monro added, as he left the room : ' Never saw a fellow so fallen off in my life. If It. were anyone else I should say cherchez la femme, bnt Kingston is not tiie man to be fooled twice. Well, he shall have his leave, for, woman or do woman, we cannot afford to loss one - of the smartest officers in the service, and another week here woold kill him, I verily believe.' And this is what Basil Kingston read in the Times newspaper : — Fatal Accident In The Hunting Field- We regret to announce that Lady Geraldine Kingston, while hooting with the Gal way bounds in the neighbour hood nf Atbenry was thrown from her horse, receiving injuries which resulted in' death taking place almost immedi ately. Letters, and a delayed telegram, con firmed this news. And in a corner of the same paper a brief paragraph told of the death, in the little Hampshire village, of Mr. John Morel. The wind was whistliog and moaning through the trees in the plantation, and soft flakes of snow were beginning to fall, as Bisil Kingston turne'd into the lane, and, passing the Hall with scarcely a glance, pushed open the gate nf Lime Cottage. An indescribable air of gloom and melancholy seemed to pervade tbe place ; tbe path was thickly strewn with d< ad leaves, which crackled beneath his feet as he strode along to the front door, and in spite of bis heavy far-lined coat be 'Was shivering as if with agop, be coald scarcely steady his hand suffici ently to -poll the bell. ' Miss Little !' he said, as scon as a servant appeared in response to his summons. ' Very ill, sir ; not able to see anyone.' 'Sbe will see me.' He stepped into the hall, and taking a card from his pocket wrote a few words on it. ' Take this to yonr mistress,' he said to tbe astonished girl ; ' I will wait here.' He sahk exhausted into a chair and tried to pnll himself together. He was faint from loss of sleep and food ; bia mental faculties ' seemed slipping from him, aud tbat cruel inward voice which bad accompanied him all the way from lodia kept rip its" maddening refrain, ' Too late 1 too late !' When the servant retnrned and in vited bim to go opstairs, be followed her in a dazed sort of way, like a man walk- ; ing in his sleep, ti'l tbey came to a cur tained door at t'j . ;nd of a passage. 'He noticed the cciU/.-i because it was bine, jnst the colonr, he thought, of little Phoebe's frock ; and he remem bered taking off, mechanically, hie travelling cap and coat and laying them on a side-table. Then the door was opened from the inside, and a motherly woman motioned him to enter, herself passing ont and closing the donr behind her. He stood for a moment jnst within the room, trying to recollect who he was arid what he had come there for. How .hot it was ! A deadly tointness was creeping over bim, dulling his senses and making everything appear blorred and indistinct What waa that ! Ah, of conree ! Now he understood it all. The heat proceeded from a large fire training in the grate over there, and that nolse was cansed by falling cinders. Gradually objects became dear to Mm, and he saw that he was in a com fortable apartment, half bed-room, half sitting-room ; a shaded lamp was horn ing fan a centra table, and on a couch, drawn up close to the hearth, a girl in soft white draperies waa reclining, the rich masses of her gold-brown hair tumb ling in picturesque disorder abont the pillows — a girl so frail, so shadowy, with a face so ethereal that an icy hand seemea to ciatcn nis nearo as ne gazea spellbound at her. ' Great heavens !' he pjaculated, great beads of perspiration gathering od bis brow. ' That — my Phoebe ! Little Phoebe 1' And the next moment he was on Ms knees besides the couch, fur a pair of great, sweet, star-like eyes bad opened fall upon him, and a faint voice had ottered his name. 'Basil,' she eaid, with oh ! snch a world of tenderness in the low accents ; aud as be took her into his arms, -bending bis lips to bera, the death-like pallor of her face gave plac: to a feint piuk tinge. Have yon been ill !' Bbe questioned presently, raising a transparent hand to stroke Ms- cheek. 'No,- my, darling, no ! Wearying for yon, that was all. Yon have not been absent from my thoughts for a moment, sweetheart ; and ae soon as ever I was bee Phoebe ! Little Phoebe ! Ob, great Heaven, I have killed her 1' She lay back in hie arms, white and motionless, scarcely seeming to breathe ; bnt the frail thread that bound her to life had not snapped. God, in His great mercy, had decreed otherwise; and Phoebe was to enjoy, as only those who have tested ita eweetoess can enjoy, the exquisite bliss of a lover's return after long absence. . 'Be long it has aremed. Basil. so long,' she murmnred, keeping her eyes always fixrid fan his face. But I waited, as ynn told me, and I tried to be patient. I «wd I would be true to yon, Basil, till deaSh/ f Hashjhnfl), my beloved ! Who talks nfdeatb Ham goingto anrssyou back tohraith ; tomarry yon ias soon As ever yori rire Well ehorigb. Do yon hear me, dariing t l am free, free to make yon my fawq little wife. I have travelled « ' : - - day and nigbt to tall, you so, aud we will never be parted more.' He was fighting madly, fiercely, desperately, with the troth that he fancied he raw written so e'early on the girl s wsn face. He straimd her passion ately to his bseast ; he wonld not let her go.sbeehuuld not die. And, indeed, it seemed as if tbe preasnre of his lips gave new life to Phoebe. She lifted her weak arms and clasped them round bis neck. ' Mine, Basil ; all my own at last P she breathed, a great joy transfiguring her face. ' And, my little one, darling of my heart, will she forgive her poor Basil the pain and suffering he 1 A great sob rose in bis throat-, cbokiog further ntteraoce. ' Forgive you, Basil ! Ab, yon made my life beautifol — so beautiful I Such happiness you gave me sb I bad never even dreamed of. Yon were my king— I loved you — and I could not — live — without yon. I loved — I Ah Basil ! ' The nurse waiting in the adjoining room was ronsed from the doze into which she had fallen by n terrible cry— a heartbroken, despairing cry — tbat rang through the silent horise. The nnrse, even before she opened the door of the sick room, knew instinc tively what bad occurred. Tbe excite ment, as she feared, had been too mnch for her child, who had fallen into one of those death-like swoons which bad taxed all the doctor's skill and resource to combat. She fonnd ber charge stretched ap parently lifeless on the conch ; and, no donbt under the impression that Phoebe . was dead, Basil Kiogston had fallen senseless to tbe floor. She eet abont applying the usual remedies, but with out producing any effect ; and Bhe was growing seriously alarmed, when the doctor's welcome step wsb heard on the Italia The next moment be entered the room. In a few words the nnrse explained what had happened, and the doctor, after a keen glance at Basil, devoted himwlf to Phoebe. 'She will do now, were tbe first words Basil heard, as consciousness slowly retnrned ; ' and I don't anticipate sny further trouble of this nature. Happiness is a wonderful restorer — to Miss Phoebe' it is life itself. But let her be kept sb quiet sb possible ; she will probably sleep till morning if no thing occurs to disturb her, and yon may then feed her with beef-tea, a spoonful at a'time, not more, though, unless I am greatly mistaken, yon will be surprised at her-appetite.' He turned to Basil, who had beep lifted on to tbe couch. ' Squire Kiogston, did you say ! Bless my sonl ! Ah, he's comiog round. Give me the brandy and water — bo ! Dear me, the poor fellow is almost io as bad a case as his sweetheart. I should say he had not broken his fast for twenty-fonr boors. Now, bow's that! Yon feel a little better, eh ! What's that yon say ! Miss Little 1 Nonsense — nothing of the soit ! Merely a feint. Am I sure ! Perfectly euro. You may see for yonrself as soon as yon are able to rise. Yon are able now i Camp, then, lean on my arm. Steady, there now — that's right.' Dr. Feirce had seen Btrange and moving sights in his time, but he thought he had never seen anything more pat- thetic than thia pair uf lovers, who had positively been dying for love of ooe another. ' Well,' he whispered gruffly, to hide his emotion, ' are yon satisfied ! If all goes well, I hope to have my patient downstairs io a week or ten days. What's tbat! Yon will take her to Algiers for the remainder of the winter and spring ! Exactly — a capital idea ! Trust a man in love to know what is best for his sweetheart !' Aod the kind old doctor, after aasuriDg himself tbat the Sqnire waa prepared to do justice to the good things provided for him, wrong his hand and departed. What a pair of lovers ! he pjaculated as he stepped into his carriage ; and there was a suspicious moisture abont his eyes as he added, ' Absolutely dying for one another !' And Basil Kingston fell asleep tbat nigbt with a prayer on his lips, and an expression on his face that meant even more than the prayer. — Argosy. 