[?] SONS AND FATHERS: : By. HARRY Sl'ILLWELL EDWARDS, ; Author op "Two Runaways," "MiNoi" " Sister Todbostter's Heart," "DbTaurt an' De shaddkb,"..'' Orb M«3 AN'; SWEET- HEART," ETC., ETC. Am Rioiits Reserved.'', - / ' Charter X!,t-In. tius ; OniMgpff . Mjsia of ' V;sunset.": ;to.v7to' Edward left tuo hpuDO . without apy, dofinjtq idea of how lio would carry. or .jibs' search, for the truth of his own history, but hisldotdrminq. tion was complete/ He.. did' hpt ontor tho diningroom, but called for his buggy and drove . direct to. tho oity. Ho wished to. seo neither Rita nor Gerald until , tlje; tuiiinlt witliin liitp bad been stilled. Hie, mind wpsyot in a whirl whon without, pieyip.ua resolution ho turned tho horse in tho direction of "tlio Hall," anff lot it ohoose its gait. ' Thd sun waa low whop he drew up before tho whito-pplupined liouso and entered tlio yard. Mary stood in tho door way and smiled a welcome, : but as he ripproaohod elio looked into liia faco in alarm. ' : ' : f'You liavo boen ill?" she ' paid, with quiok sympathy. " Do I look it?": he.aslrod ; "I have not slept well. Perhaps that show? upon mo. It ia rather dreary work this getting Rcqimiuted.'' He.tried to deceive her with aanjUe. "How ungaliaut l'Lshq exclaimed,: "to say that to me, an d go Boon after, .wo have becomo acquainted."- - " Wo are qld ncquobitances, Miss Iffontjoy," he replied, with moro earnestness tln tlto occasion justified.- "I.knew you' in Paris, in Rome, oven in India— I- have' known you always." .She blushed slightly and turned lior faco away as a lady appeared' leading ij little girl. ' ' ; "Hero is Mr._ Morgan, Annio ; you mot him for rimomont only, I bplioye." " - ' The ncwoomor/ . extended hor hand lam guidly. . " Any one that Norton is . so enthusiastic about" she said, without-' warmth, '"must bp worth meeting a second time." Her small oyea. rpstpd upon the visitor: an instant. .. Stunned as he had boon by largo mis, fortunes, ho felt again tho unpleasant impression of thoir first meeting. 'Wbethojp, it was the manner, the tono of voice, tliqgiauee, pr languid hand that slipped limply from his own, or all combined, ho did not know ; 'ho did not oarc much at that time. Tho young woman placed the freed band over the moRth oJE tli' cltiiyl begging for'q bisouit, and without lqokjng clp.iyn said': " " '7 /' " Mary, get, this brat a biscuit, pleaijo. She. whl drive me distraoted.H Mary s'toopeil, -'jjnd the duchess leaped $££»'-, him. anp.s, ' bappy aj once. Edward followed thorn with, his oyoa until they reached tho turn of- tho poroh, and Mary - turned a, moment' to receive additional directions from the Voung niotlior/ ' Ho' know, then, whore ho Rgd first speri er. She was R 1'Jtle » ' roadaiSo : aiirinei in Sicily, cibitinct and different fron/aU tho iuadonnas of 1U, that php s.eemp.d to. havo stepped up direct frqni among tlio pbop.lq who knelt there; a motherly little 'woman ?ii touo'h ?tth oyory homo pestling iii tlipsb; hilti; 'Tho nraBt's namb had boon lost, but the pa'opie had preserved for a hundred years their sister and freshened their 'hearts daily with fgUmpsos of " Tho Mothojr. of God," Tho youiig mother by biinwaa watching him. withounqsity," 'T hnye to >>>Yc!FiTaE'')'upAutiul'pior turo," lio said. 1 ' ' " '"'to : "You are an artist, I- suppose?"' "Yob, a ilildlantc. But the picture of A. Woman with her oliild in her arms appeal's to most inon ; to none, more than him who, novor knew a niother nor had a hQino.'.' .' Ho stopped suddenly ; tho Mood rnsliVd to liis face ' find brain, and ho cRmp noar ataggoring. ' He. had forgotten for tho uioinont.- ' ' ' ' " ' Bp reepverod, to fipd the keen ayes of tlio woman atudyihg him mtonidy. Didi sbe kuow, I0. suspect ? How -fcliis qiiestion yuld reour to him in, aU tbp.yearsV " Ho tiirhod from PP'.P. pnd angrj;,;. : Fortunately, ' Mary re- tunied at this nidmsnt, tho little ono contont- coly munching "up iU bouit. ' Trio; bldor Mrs. Montjpy wplopinod him with liar motherly way, inquiring olosely Into his arrarigemerits for comfort put at Ilpxhurat.' Who tyas caring fo'r him? Rital Well, that was fortunato ; Rita Was a good oopk arid good housekoepbr, rind a Bppd; nursp, Ho uifectod a careless interest, arid hocpntinu'od. : Yes, Rita lived for years near hero. Sho was a froo woman, and as a professional uurso Ptoumulifed . quito;rfsum of niorioy. " Aiid then, or hushand dying, John Morgan had trikon h.er 1 J W.rippsp.to look after a young relative who pad boon loft to his carol What lias becomo of '» /®U"B person ?" slip asked. " I liavo not i fJW 1 hijptpr many yearsl" . flc.W.bti.ll thpro," said Rdward briolly. inu P' riP they woro silout, ho continued, Bps woinan Rita had a huohand. How did SpyWriSriBO in old. times? Was ho frcoolsp;? ,ou .see, BJUCO Ibavc hooomo a citizen your iflWtutipnsTo'' a "donl. of interest for ine. ; It must have boon inconvenient to bo froo and have : Bomeono olso ownirig tho lmbband." Ho was not satisfied with tho effort ; bo J? - di Rot yoBlniin an inclination to look' toward ho younger. Mrs, RJoutjqy. alio was leaning wok in hor chair, with oyea half, closed, and mi ing upon him. Tlio woman was bocotning n epraMq. lip could liqyo stnynglod hor ohooi;. >ni , !? lady's yoico recalled him. /OR lyasfrbo also ;, tjhqt is, it wast thought that alio had bought him," and Bho smiled over tho idea. " It would not have bepn the first inBtanco of husband: being slave to his wife," said tlio daughter-in-law. Edward did not daro trust hia voicp to question further, " A slanting Bunbeanj. enmo through the' win dow.; theywero now in the sittingroom, and Wwy quiglfly adjusted tho ; shade to shield her mothor'b face. Mamma is still having trouble with hor ©ye?, ; aho said; "wo cannot afford to iot hor fitrahi the sound one." The old lo,dy was pass- ifig fipr: hand aoross hor brow. Thoro, mamma ; I Wpultl not knit any more," Bho continuedj takipff the work and laying it aside, returning to smooth tho grey, haivfl with loving touch, "They pain mo a great deal. Did you ever have neuralgia, Sir. Morgan ? Somptimea I think it. ia not neuralgia,. I muat havo i)r. Campbell pwn to look at my eyes. It ia very lnoonvonient to hayo to bo so careful. And I am afraidr— " Sho did not complete the. spn- t.0.nco» but tho quick sympathy of tho man helped to road her Bilenco aright ; Slary's baud had ceased to movo, and sho caught hor breath nervously " "" ' - "Mary, tako mo to my room; I think I will ne dqwn until too. Mr. Blorgan will bo glad to walk ?ome, I qui sure ; take lum down to the mill. She gave that gentleman her hand ogainT-tlio cool, plump hand of a girl— a hand that seemed to hini' eloquent with gentloriesa. Good night, if I do not see you again," sho "J dp not go to the tnblo now on account tho lamp. Ho foltqlump in his throat, opd qn aunost irrdsisfciblc dosiro to throw him- Bolf upon hor sympathy. Slib would understand. But tho> uoxt instant tho idoa of suoli a tiling filled him with horror. It would banish him , for evor. from the portals of that proud homo. And ought ho not to banish himself? He trpmblod oyer tho montal question I No ! His courago returned. Tliero had boon souio hor: riblo mistako ! Not until tho light of day sliono on tho indisputable fact, not until proof irresis tible bad said : " You aro base-born I Depart 1 " when that hour came he would depart ! He saw Mary waiting for him at tho door; the j'oubg mother "was still watching him, lid thought. He bowed aud strode froih the room. ' . . ' ; What ia it ? 11 said tho girl quickly.- "You aeom excited." She wgs already learning to read him. " Do I ? Well, let me Bee ; I am not accus- tpmed to ladics' Booicty," ho said, lightly; "so much, beauty aird; graciousness havo ovor- wUolmed me." Ho was outsido now and tho fresh breeze royived.him instantly. There was a sun sotting before them that lent : a g\ow tp tho girl's' faco and a now light to hor , evpf. He' saw it tliero first aiid then in the skies. Aoross a gentle slope of land that came down from a mild away on tho opposite' sido into thoir 'valley the sun had gone behind a sliowor. The sky - was bjluo ovorlicad, but banked with vapors behind them, and n crimson mist rested upon tho long slopo where trees and shrubbory scorned growing in a glori fied sea. Out on 0110 Bide a fiory cloud fiontsd like, a ship afire, and behind it Were tho lilac lliffhloiids of tlm. skv. The senno lipnucrli-h witll it a straugo solomnity. It hold tho. lust brcatli of tho dying (lay. ' Tho man arid girl stood Bilont for a moment, contemplating the wonderful vision. Sho looked into his faco presently, to find him sadly and : intently watching her. Wondering," sho led tho| Way downhill to where a little boat lay with its biw upon the grassy sward whioh rail into the; clear water. Taking one scat sho riiotioned hini. to the other. " ' . " Wo are giving you a Venetian wator color, sunset, '< sho said, smiling away her cmburrnss- inent, '" arid now for a gondola ride." ' Lightly :arid skilfully plyirig' the paddle tha little craft glided out upon tho lake, and presently poising thri blade she said, gayly v ' " " " "-Look down into the rolleotion and thon look -up I . Tell me," do you float upon tho lako or in tho cloudy regions of Heaven ?!' ' He followed . her.direetionB.' Thon, looking steadily at her,' : ho said, gently: .. ' ' "Iri'h'onvon I1' Sho hont over tho boat side until hor faco waa coricoalod, lotting hor hand oool-iri tho orimson wator. ' ','-Mr. Morgan," shoaaid after, a while, Ipoking up from under hor lasheB, "are you a very; : earnest." ,'nuyit ? I- do ' not ' think' -J: know just bo.wto tako you.' lam afraid I rim toomatte'r of faot." ' ' Ho wns foyorish and still tveighed down by his terrible memory. . "I am in enrncst new, what-; over I may have - been," ho said, softly, "and,' believe mo, Miss Montjoy, something tolls I mO that I will never bo Iosh than carmut. with; yo'u." - to Sho did not reply at once, but looked off into tho olou'dlands. ' "You liavo' 'travelled; much?"- sho said at longth; to break tho awkward nilenco. vlsupposo so. ' -Thrive, novor' had what I could cafil a homo, arid I havo moved about a groat deal; Men of iny ooquaintanoo," ho con tinued, ' musingly, "/have; been' ambitious ill ivory lino ; I lmva wotohed. them iii wondor; thoy liavo oorno abroad, toiled, donied thoiri- solvss arid suffered for a'littlo fnuioi or a little sucoossto Most of them sacrificed what it has been my greatest dosiro to possoss— mother and sistor ana : home,-'. I : camiot understand that : pliasO of- life ; I suppose I riover will." ' \- i'Thou you havo hover k'hovra a ' i;i9ther ?" "Novor."" There was ssiriothing in his voioo she could not frithoiri, but it toufched her miss a mother's affection, alio »aid, with a holy' light in hor own brown byes, "is to niisi tlio greatest gift heaven can Uostow bore.' I- Hupposs 'ri wifo; soiribhbw takes a iabtk'qrs, plaoo; finally, with ovory man, hiit' she cannot' fill it. No' wojiiari that oyor "lived can fill my mdUior's place." . " Loyal little MaTy 1 He fancied that as alio, ! thought urioii'hor own rbriiarkher sonsitivo lip's curved- slightly; His inind, rovorted to the; sinister faco thoy had left in tho parlor. ' '-'Your mother K-'- liO' ; exclaimed fervently, would to hcavon'I had »uoli a' mother !1' Ho, 'paused, ovorcomo with orii'otlon. What was ho. doing! Had ho lost oantroi of hinicoif-?. Ho! I stirred with sudden ongbr and hatred of- lum-, self. But oho looked upon hiin with ewmtimiig eyes. ' 1 ! "You must como often, then, she said softly, "and bo much with us/ I will slimo hor with you. 1'oor luiiminu !.' I'om afraidt— I am afraid for her I" She covorod her faoo -with her hands suddenly and bowed hoi head., "Is sho ill, so ill as nil, that tv ho. askod, gr,ca<mnce.:nedtwj hor fhllg. she does not realise it, but Dr. Campbell lias warned us to lie careful." What is the troublo ?" Ho was now uccply distreBsod. ' Glaucoma. Tho littlo nervo that leads from too corner to tho brain finally (lioB away ; there 19 no oonneotion, and then " Sho could not bring herself to conclude tho sentence. Edward had novor boon brought within tho inlluonoo of such a circle. Her words thrilled him beyond expression. Ho waited a littlo wlide, and said "I cannot tell. you how much my Bhort ox- penenco ljero has boon to mo. Tho littlo touch of motherly interest, of homo, lias brought mo more genuine pleasure than I thought the world hold for me. You said just now that you would share the dear littlo inamma with mp. Iaepopt tlio goncrous. offer. And now you must 8liaro the care of tho littlo mamma with me. _ Do not bo offended, but I know that the war has upsot your rovenuos hero in tho South ; that incomes, slaves, invqstniouts, liavo all departed, and that tho new order of business, ospooiaUy in tho country, has not reached a paying basis. By no aot of mine I am indopon- ?V V'ovo few responsibilities. Why msv not I, why not you and I take the littlo mamma to Paris and lot tho best skill of tho world bo invoked, to save hor from sorrow ? " Ho, too, w0"hl not, after hor failure, s'riy "blindries'a," Sho looked at hini through tears that threatened to get b,eyond control, afraid to trust her voioo. "You liavo' not' answered me," ho said, goutly. Sho shook tier hosid. ' f, '""riot. I" ban "never answer you as I would. But it cannot bo, it cannot bo. If that course wore necessary, wo would havo gone long ago, for, whilo wo are poor, Norton could "aY arranged it— ho can arrango anything, i mi ' 0»mI)b811. know, is famous for his skill, - He has even beori' called to Europe in consultation. He Bays there is no cure; but eoro of general herilth .raay .avert the bloiy rill lier lifo. And so we watch arid wait." " Still," he urged, " there iririy bo a mistake. And tho sea voyage— —" - .Sho shook hor head. "You aro very, very kind, hut it cannot be." ' . It flashed ovor Edivard then what that journey would havo boon. . Ho, with that' sweet faced girl, tlio littlo riiadonria of his memory, and the pationt' motlior 1 "In his mind came liaok all the old familiar placen.; by his side atood tho girl, hor hind' upon liis nriri, her oyo3 upturned to Ills. Arid why not 1 A thrill ran through his heart ; ho could take his wifo riiid her 'mother to Paris 1 Ho started violently, and leaned for ward in tho boat; his glowing faoe turned full upon hor, with an o'xpre'ssio'n in it that startled her. " ' ; "" Then from it tho color died away ; a ghastly look overspread it. Ha, murmured aloud " God be meroifril it cannot he." She smiled pitifully. ' .7 ' " 7 " No," alio said, " it cannot ho. But God is merciful. Wo trust Him." He will order aU things for the best ! ' Seeing his agitation sho continued : " Don't let it.diqtrosB j'ou so, Mri Morgan, It may all cqmo out lumpily. It was wrong to.hurdcri you vyith our family ghost. Arid this is ri poor reception' for'ypu ! ' Seo, the skies are quite clear now-; tlio clouds all gonO ! I tako it as a happy augury 1 " Ashamed to profit by hor reading of liia feel- ingii, be made, a doripRrivtis effort to Respond to hor new "mood, ' Sho "saw tlio strugglij 'and aided liim. But in tlrit hour tlio heart of Mary Montjoy went out for all eternity to the man before lior. - Gliango, disaster, calumny, mis fortune, would neypr shahs, hoi' fqith and belief in hiiii. HO'hqd' logtiri'thpistiyigBlcSjfthb pro- oodirig night, butdirifb life! hrid-lwoi- tpaflnvhich death only could end, and perhaps ribtaeatli. Slowly they ri'opendqd tli.o jjiR tpgotl'i'qr," Ijtoth silont ard thoughtfvil.;iH'!ji|ibj! foSlitUri'Miid to help her up.ztno torrapsit rind fprgotyng, hold it until at tlibgatoslipivi thdroVlt m o'onfusiori and gazqdAli'hmiiratlRstawleSyes. Tho tall, aoldieriyiftrriibsflthA-bdroiiol,' her father, stood at the top of tho stens, ' See, said Ediyard, to. rolieva hor o.pnf usion, " ono of tlie old, nights guarding tlio castlo'l " And then sho caUed out guj-ly ' "Sir Knight; I'bring j'ou a jirisonor." Tlio old gontloriiau laughed and entered into the! plensant'ry. . . " \Yo)l, he might hqyo surrendpi'sd to a, less fair pivpto'r I "Eriter,7,-jjrioripr;''ritiri p'roplpliri , your colors. " Edwivid 'stiirtbd ' but,' recovered, arid looking up boldly, Sold i-i- ' ! 1 " An hpnorablp knight' orrant, but unknown until liis vow. is fulfiUod," Thoy both applauded,' rind tM qupppv hallj iig, Ohapteh XII.— The Or, d South versus the ' ' 7 ; " New ! " " '. "7 '" Edward had intondod returning to Iloxhnrat .aftpy- tqq, but. evoyyofis inTeigho.d against tho oriiiouiio'oinerit/ Suoh 'a thing wri'riim.yorfyeRrd of— a guest leaving iu tlio night without urgorit cnuso;. Noiispiiso-l - ; The rdads woro bail; ri storm was possible, the way unfamUiRprihim 1 iTqliii, thostablb hpy,' had a' shoe lost 'frorii'tho horsoi . Ari'd; besides,' 'Norton 'would coino out and bo disappointed at hainrig misa'e'd hfm. And wliy go ? : Was tho'. room upltairp ;not comfoitabla? Ho should havo another.'! Was, the, breakfast hour too. early ? His break fast should ho sqnt' to liis room. ' ' . 'Edward wa3 'in oorifusiom' It was his first collision with tho' 'gontiine, unanswerable ; Southern hospitality thot survives the wreck' of ; all tilings. Ho " hesitated, and explained, apd oxplairiiiig yielded;:' It was, some tiriio. beloro the fariiiiy anxiety could bo quieted. " Supper ovor, tlio two'-gorit-lomen eat upon tho, verandah', a cool br'eozo wandering iri froiri' the ; wo, stern rain area anrV ratidering' the overiing obiri.fortablo— tliq reilocining. featiup. of moat oumirior "days in the" South.". Ma'iy ' brought a great jar of delicious tobneoO, hdriid'roise'd;; and a dcrien'corn cob pijios, ' aiid wris'sooii happy in their evident comfort. As sho hold the lighter . over. Edward's pjpri; bp vopturod one glance upvvhrd'iri'te her faoo, rind was rewarded with a rare, 'mysterious, smilo. .- It was -ri pidtiiro that oliiug tn'hirii for miiriy years ;' the girlish face rind tondor brown eyes , in tho yellow glare 'of tho flame, the little hand lifted iri his. Borviop. It was the last yiow of, hor fliat night, for the Southern,' 'girl,' " out; "of the; oitics, an eayly rOtirdf.' " -. ' "Tho situation is somowhat strained," said : tho colonel. Thoy' had rdricliod polities. "There is a ypungbr. set op.miug bn utlio a.o.om to, dosiro oi-dbr. of, things. Thoy dinged into tlicir earie liiitil thby liavo coino to bolio'vo tliat tho obi' 'South'-' holds noHiirig "worth" retaining. Thoy are, full of- -railroad sohemcs to rob the peojijo rind maljo bighivays fpr tramps, p of now 'towns anil lioomn, of colonisation sohomcs, to bring paupers ipto tho State and " injebt tlio. ifkioioliotlo oleriioiit of wliioli tlio North arid the Wdet afo heartily irirod. Thoy want to do away : with cotton anil plant tho land in peaches, plums, grapos," liore. ho. laughod softly, "ana, thoy want togivo tlis|niggor a wheeled plough to rido on. Thoy liSvefilled the hewspapers with now theories, and I find in every journal I take 'advioo on tho' riiaiiagbmeut of my plaritaHon. I It' looks aa if.' tho" whblb nowspapsr frriterrilty 1 have gbno'diazy upon what thoy oall intoiialvo \- and diversified- forming. Not ono of thein line ovor told, ujo what theto is can bo planted that wilt soil at all time; upon !tlio market, and pay labor and etoro.rioqountsiii the full. ' i'.Aud now they hrive star'tod in this country tlio 1 no-feiico ' idea, and aro about to destroy ojir cattle rangos," continued the colonol, ex citedly. "In audition to these, tho farmers have some of them boen led off into a ' populist' solicnio, which in its last analysis moans that tho Government shall destroy corporations and pension tho formers. In national politics wo have, besides, tho eilvor question and tho tariff, and a largo clement in the State is ripe for republicanism 1" " That is the party of the North, I boliovc," said Edward. "Yes, tho party that freed the negro and placed the ballot in his hands — a war measure, however— not tho original objeot of tho- party. " Wo are so situated here that practically our whole issue is ' white against blaok,' IVo cannot nfford to split on any question. We" aro obliged to keep tho South solid even at the expenso of development and prospority. The South holds tho Saxon blood in trust. Regard less of law, of constitution, of both combined,- we Bay it is lior duty to keep the blood of tho race pure and unoontaminatod. It is a groat responsibility, and wo havo guarded it faith- fully, I am not prepared to say that it has been done with entire success ; two races can not, oxist. nido by side distinct- But the Spaniards kept their bluo blood through centuries I " The Southern families will always be pure in this reBpoot ; thoy are tenderly guarded, " .tho oolonol wont on, " Othor sootions are in danger. Tho white negro goes away or is sent away- ; he is unknown ; ho is changed and Aids a foothold somowhore. -Then soriio day a fariiiiy- finds in its folds a child with a dark streak down its spiner— havo you dropped.your -pipo ? Tho coli3 really furnish our best smokers, but they aro hard to mrinage. Try- another— and it waB known thrit somewhere back in tbe past an African taint bas oropt in/' "You astound. hie, " said Edward, huskily; Is that an infallible sign ?". : : "Infallible, or,, rather, indisputable if it exists. But its' exiBt'onoc-' under all circum stances is not assured." "And you simply take no ahanco3 with tlio nemo. Is it that which keeps the South solid ?" Edward forced an interest, "Yes." "And what, Oolonol Montjoy, is tlio issue between you and Mr. Swearingen — I under- stand that is his nanio — your ojiponent in the campaign for nomination ?" "Well, it is hard to saj-. Ho lias been in Oongross several terms and thinks now ho soes a oharigo of sentimont. He has iriade bids for tho younger and tho dissatisfied vote. I think you may call it tho old .South vcrsut the' now— and I stand for the old South." '.'Whoro does your campaign open? I was in England onoo during a political campaign, about my only experience, if you oxoept one ori two inoipiontriotsinParis, and I would bo glad 'to seo a campaign in Georgia," ' We open in Bingham. I amtoBpeaktherethc day. after to-morrow, arid will' bo pleased to Havo you go. with .us. A' little-party will proceed by private oonvoyanco from here— and Norton is prqbably detained in; town to-night by this matter. The county cojovontion irioots that day, and it lias been agreed that Sweafiiigcn aud I shall speak in the morning. The corivcii- tion will assemble at noon rind make a nomina tion. In most. opunticB primary elections' are bold." " I shall probably not be able to .go, but this, county will afford me the opportunity I desire; By tho way, colonel, your friends will havo many. cxpcnseB in this campaign, ' will' thoy' not ? I trust you will nu'inh'or mo among tliorii, and not hesitate to call' upon me for any share of tlio necessary, fund. I' am a stranger, so to. apeok, but am of tho old- South, riovor tholess, and, livo or die, your platforin ia mine." Besides, T repre sent John Morgan uritil I can got' my political hearings accurately adjusted."- The ooloriol'was charmed. Spoken like John himself 1" ho said. " Wo are proud, sir, to claim you as quo of us. As to tho oxponse, unfofturiately,' we have to rely on our .'friends. But for tho war I could have borno' it' all, and," laughingly, " have bought a; .convention or two without inconvenipnoo. Now my Oirou'mstaiiccs aro such that I doubt some times if I should in porfoot honor have accepted a nomination. It was forced on me, however. My friends did it. Thoy named me, published the riiiiiounceriiont, rind adjourned. ' Bofore heaven, I havo no pleasure in it ! I liavo lived here sinco cliildhooil, barring a torm or twb iii Oorigross before tho war and four years with Leo and Johnston, and my people were bore before mo. I would bo glad to end my days horo and live out tlio intervening ones in Bight of this porch. But a mail owes everything to his oountry." Hia earnest tones aff ooto.d Edward strangely. Ho was silent ; in his mind there roso a pathetic , picture This representative of a vanishing rivet, proud and impractical, led on by a seiiti- nioiit honorable boyorid imagination, involved' in the turmoii 'of modern politics. It soemcd a desecration. Ho did not comment upon tho information; at tljat moment there was hoard tho rumblo. of wheels. Norton, acconipaitied ' by a stranger, alighted froni ri buggy rind crimb rajiidly up tlio Walk. Tho oolonol welcomed liis Bori with tbe usnal affection, and tho stranger svaB intra- ; duced as Mr. Robley, of an adjoining county. Tlio moil fell to talking with suppressed cxcito- meut ovor tho political situation, rind'tbe climax of 'it was" that Robley, a koen manager, foybrilcd tHat ho had'ooihe for lOOO doI. to soorirb tlie ' county. He had but finished his information when Norton broko in li'urriedly : ' " Wo. know, fathor, thrit it is all outsido your stylo of politics, arid I hrivb told Mr. Robloy thrit wo cannot go info riiiy; bargqiri and orilo sohomes, or rihything'thrit looks that way. - Wo will pay oiir Bhi'ro of "legitimato exponqos, printing,: bands,' refreshments and caisirigc liiro, riiid iviUriqtinquire too'olosely into fates, but that'is'qs far— -"7" ' . You are right, my.Bon. If l am nominated it muat ho. upon tlio ballots of my friends. I sliall.nbt turii a lianff oxcopt to lossori thoir nocoaaary oxperises ' and to' put " our rinnbuiico,- morits bofofb. the publio,' T oin' sure that thiB is all'that Sir, Uobley would ooriserit to." " Why," of ooufso';" said that gontlemnn. And tlieii ho looked helpless, ' Edward had risen arid' was pacing the verandah, ready to withdraw froih 1 hearing if the conversation beoamo'confldeiitial. Norton was excitedly" ex- plaiiiing tho 'oondition of affairs in Roblcy'o county, aiid tlirit' gi;ritlaman found himself at lciuuro." Paasing liiin' Edward attracted his -attention. ' " You smoke, Mr. Robloy ? " Ho offered n oigar 'rind nodded t'6,wards the far end of tlio voraiidrih. "I think yon bad batter lot Mr. Moritjoy explain matters to Kis'fatber," ho said. Ruhlov joined liiin. "How riiuoh do yon need?" said Edward, botwoen his piiffs at tho oiga'r, trying not to appear other than crireless to tlio two meii iii tho distance ; "tho outsido figiiro I mean. In other words, if wo wanted to buy the county -arid bo certain of getting it, how much would it take ? " " Twenty-flvo liundrcd — well, 3000, dol." " Let tlio matter drop hero, you understand. Col. Montjoy is not in tho trade; I am acting, as you seo, upon my own responsibility. Lot tho mrittcr pass and tell liim you will do your bpst ; then call oil mo in toiy'n to-morrow, I will: put up the mousy. Now, not a word. We will go baok." Thoy strolled forwnrd and tho discussion of tho situation went on, Robley grew hopeful, and as thoy parted for tho night whispered a fow iVords to Norton. As tho latter carried the lamp to Edward's door, 2a said— i "What do« this aU mean— yau and Rob loy " " Simply," said Edward, "that I' am in my first politioal campaign, and to win ot any cost.' - . . . Norton looked at him in amazement and then laughed aloud. . - ; . ' .? r0 High | We will win if you don't fail us. " Thon you will win." Thoy shook hands and parted.' Norton, passing his sister's room, paused in thought, knocked lightly ond, getting no reply, wont to bod. Edward turned in, not to sleep. His mind in tho silent hours rehearsed its horrors. Ho oroso at the sound of the first boll and left for tho city, not waiting for break fast. ' (to be continued.) 