? A <CEY OF "STAND FROM UNDENT* "Ihe Tbree Sailors Wito Jbde aa *JWtolj- IXaw the Brlghtat of the 'fcajt ObIuMM BU« Satanlo BbOesty. - The first of {foe yams here set out "was told on shipboard by a tar of the name ol \- King, who said that once on -a. time he ahipjfed oa the good ship Josie Gxmbyfrom New Yock to Valparaiso. She was laden with Yankee' notions and had fair weather •U the way.ljo.t' the "goings on" on" that vessel WW) 60B66tliing-awfaL, according to ITing Thefest thing *^a"myBterion» nature fliat happened <OK -known 3x> King only and rorisisfced -of theljell ringingltself just «s King was.abont%o sound "eight bells." Kosgwasfrightened, df coorse,hat he couldn't get -any >one ito believe his stoiy- In fact, the foqys guyed him mimercL£ully t A fortnight later, ^however, they all suit something terrible, «nd the first jlate lost his lite. The -story in -detail in the ta£s \- own words .and presented by the Atlanta Constitatkai mns as ffollows: "It was near thelire. TEhesea^vas as smooth as a dock pond. Every irag •€>' -canvas was set, bat there -was hardly .enongh wind to than from flapping. All on a sudden, just as I was passing Trader the mainyard, Ka^qdyilipaloftsnngout, 'Ondeck t^^ . Btanifami flnderl' The second mate iaa Utt^^wteh janfl asked me who that was Aloft. riflEI Mm I .did not know, and he • seat me wp see «txnit it. I wen£thlnk- ^ingsoifajeo'the boys was putting upajob on me and had gone aloft to get np another ghost story. Up I went to the maintop, but I could find nobody. I come -down the ratlines four at a time. How I ever got down without falling is more'n I -can tell, 'cause I was £hat skeered I couldn't stop to think how I dnn it. We woke the watch. T*"* second mate and everybody (me excepted, for one trip was enough) went aloft to see about it, and they didn't find nothing either. That kinder put them a-thinking, 'cause the mate swore he heard the same thing I did. Well, all next day both watch ea were cussing and discussing that sing out aloft, and the next night the port watch -woe laying for something too. Just exactly at the same time o' night that same -"thing sung out, 'On deck there, stand from tmderP They searched aloft, but found no more'n what we did. That thin& happened every night at the same time for nigh two weeks. _ By and by the first mate, a big, double jointed Swede, said he would find out about what it was or join the goonies trying. So the next night, just at the right time, all the watch were huddled together under the break o' the poop a-listening, and the same lonesome, skeerj voice sung out, 'On deck there, stand from under!' The men were too skeered to breathe hard, and that first mate was H>ighty nigh as bad, but. he kinder squared hisself and roared out as loud as he could bawl: 'Let go, you son o£,a sea cook, let go. Come down on deck, yon lubber, and exer- cise your lungs!' "Mates, Fm not given to lying, as you all know, and I ain't going to lie now, but so hd.p my rheumatic bones if that thing didn't let go, and I thought that every spar on the mainmast had carried away at one time. Rattlety—bang—whiz— —-whoop—and there struck on deck right side of that first mate a coffin just his size. We ran lip to him just in time to seethe coffin scoop him in and jump right over the side, first mate and all, nor did we ever catch sight of them again. There weren't no more ghosts on that trip though." . When£3nghadfinishedthisfetoiythere was general incredulity, -and another sailor gamed Bednarsky was asked for a yarn. He told of three sailors (brothers) who were left without money in London. "One morning," said Bednarsky, "all of them were strolling dpwn the street arm in aim wishing for a lew cents to get an eye opener, having swollen heads from previous xapid existence. They came upon a nicely dressed man of middle age who accosted them, and after he had learned of their condition told them he was the devil, and that he could and would supply them afi the money they wanted under one condition, which he explained as follows: " 'Yon may have all the money you can possibly dispose of. Fat your hand in your pocket as often as you like for any amount, and it will always be there. At the end of three years, however, I demand yoursoul; but even then if any one'of you can wish me to do anything which I cannot ; perform you shall be spared.' "It was agreed to by each one, andimm» dlately they were abounding in wealth. Shall I describe how that three years was spent? Kb, but suffice it to say that every possible luxury that money could obtain was indulged in. The three years flew by like a single day. The donor iept a strict account, however, and upon the proper day lie called on the three brothers for an accounting. The first asked for the creation bf a fun lagged sMp and was gratified. The second asked that his massive mansion be annihilated in thirty seconds, and this waa done. "Both of them lost their souls, of course. "The third and .youngest brother still heid to his roaming life upon the sea, and at the expiration of the third year was on a pleasure trip in amagniflffnt yacht far out; at sea. He was not out of xeadh of the evil one, however, and was called upon to wish and die. He called the crew ondeck*hd bad a pump rigged n-Tniaghipg, with the suction pipe over one side of the vessel and the discharge pipe over the other, -and. demanded the <d0vil to pump all the water from one 1 side of the ship over to the other fade. The devil looked puzzled, scratched his head and vanished—outwitted. . ^Xhataoaniis still sailing in his yacht, enjoying the immense wealth "be. got through the evil spirit." About that time the officer of iite deck appeared and passed the word, "Stand by your hammocks," and all hands adjourned f-if flir 3SB XVZL OHEATEEA. 