jrr— ffil tn - t — -TW- — ian.; Br ' Kates." NdtMs. ; Mr. W. freeing, tea. secretory of the Ararat tlabi invites entries for a 16 All- aged Stake, at £1 10s, to bo run at Yalia-y-Pooraon ISthinst; The list will finally oloee at 8 pan. next Monday. Bayiey'e Reward has been visited by tbe S.A. Waterloo Cap Winner, Bax6m HL Simplicity, lost year's Plate Winner, has also Weited the Xdvingfttone SftoBootte (Randwiek — Penelope) . free Whelped a fine litter ot tube (five doge) to the Faugh-a-B&llagh; dog ShUkftagh. Oo all rides it is admitted that the late Waterloo Cap meeting on the Benalla Plumpton w&e; one of the most saooeBefo, to a conning point of view ever held in Australia, and it is indeed a pleasure to hear evidence of so much interest having, been taken in the fixture, especially at a period when the affairs of this pastime bra looting anything hut bright, and it is quite probable that the late meeting will have a most healthy influence oh the eoursing Circles of Victoria. The quality of the dogs is acknowledged to have' been first-olass, though a few of the beet wbre not in the liet. Tbe winner of the Oup stood out as quite deserving of her position, in her '/tour" beating first her kennel companion and fall brother, r Cauldron, then Highway, Mona, Wap, and Confidence, and there is little doubt . in my mind that the best greyhound in the event won. Water- hen did not lead all her opponents, but, like her illustrious site, proved her good ness unmistakably :n working the hare. The runner-up, who is a descendant of a famous family in Gameboy (brother to Harkaway, Tarana, Clements" Tonic, etc.) and Westeria,. is a greyhound, of no mean sort, and provided the two most sensational and surprising items in tbe programme. In the seoond ties be met tbe crack, Bloomer, tea ner up uj » untie, auu uuuw <? hare, when Mr. Bladon'e bitch made a drive and picked it up, thereby extinguishing her chance. Later on tbe Bathurst dog met Mr. F. Kenyon'e nomination, Hazel, and the latter bearing away to the right for a few stride, Con fidence gained an advantage, drew away in magnificent 6tyle, and after puss had ran a Btraight course of about 200 yards, he pulled her down, and, amidst a great uproar, gained the flag of a most unsatis factory trial. The Livingstone — Besant family waB perhaps the. moBt prominent at the Waterloo Gup meeting, Soloist winning i the Waterloo Parse, and Business run ning up to Mr. A. Hill's Dsrebto Meg for the Waterloo Plate. Livingstone's is essentially "Waterloo" blood, and Mr. P. A. Lamb's old dog can claim to have done one thing above all other celebrated eires, and that is to have won the Waterloo Cup himself, and to have sired throe winners of tbe event — Belgravia in 1892, and the Sydney bitch, Bloomer, in 1893 and '94. Livingstone won the Waterloo Cup in 1887, and in the following year it fell to Lincoln, who is tbe sire of Besant and a eon of Crabtree and Rondeletia, Crab- tree being aire of Blise, dam of Bloomer. In '89 Good News, by Gooroc — Latest News, won tbe Gup for Mr. H. Gore, and in Latest News we find the dam of Livingstone. Mr. A. B. Pearson, who is usually re ferred to as the squire of Kilmany Park, is comparatively a " young" courser, and it is but a very short time since he was recognised to have the most powerful kennel in the colony, v In fact, now, when anything comes out of his kennel, it is expected to be well up. Lost season he owned . a couple of useful ones, but, however, appropriated very few of tbe good things issued by the big clabe. Mr. Pearson is one of the 6taunchest lovers of the leash in Aus tralia, and ie a thorough and popular sportsman in all its branches. Besides toe winner of the Waterloo Cap last Thursday, Mr. Pearson had Cauldron, Happy Jack, and Songster running in his interest, and of the quartette be con fidently expected the Champion Cup winner, Happy Jack, to have the biggest say. Walter Melrose deserves every credit for the manner in which he sent ; his charges to slips, and be was, perhaps, one of the most surprised on the ground at the forward running of Waterhen and the downfall of Happy Jack fay Bloomer, the eon of Merry Monarch and Tailores6 having defeated Bloomer with a little to spore in the Benalla Champion Cap last month. After Confidence was defeated in the final for tbe Waterloo Cup he wa6 pur chased by Mr. Fred Kenyon. The race up for the first turn in the trial of Happy Jack and Bloomer was one of the finest ever seen on the Benalla plumpton. They ran locked together for about 300 yards, when Bloomer stretched out a bare length for (he turn. One or the most promising puppies that ran in tbe Waterloo Cnp was High way. He led the winner, Waterhen, and was only defeated after a brilliantly run give-and-take coarse. Those who anticipated something sensational in the way of prices when the laU Colonel North's dogs were offered to public auction were disappointed. The highest price of the day wae realised when Simonian, winner of the Waterloo Parse in 1891, and the Y/aterJoo Plate in the following season, was put ou the stand. Sir William Ingram, who was one of the biggest buyers, secured the black and white eon of Greentick for 150gns. Young Fuller ton did not make ' scything like the price anticipated. Mr. Rymill remarked, "The laFt time I had the pleasure of selling this dog my hammer fell at a thousand. Will anyone start liim at a hundred ?" Nobody would, and there was a long pause before "30gns" came from a well-known trainer. By bids of 5gue the price was raised to 70, at which figure the dog became the property of Mr. Dent. Eighteen saplings sold for SGSgns, the best price being 47gns, paid for a hriudled p.nd white fai:ch bt' Nen.tgh out of Lady Jester, given by the Duke of L&eds.; The Stirling Stakes, run at the opening of the new plumpton by the Piywpton Coursing Club, Adelaide, on Saturday week, were won by Mr. J. Hammer's bk w b Melba, a daughter of Kildare and Madame. Royal Hopp. by Goo. Small's dog Rambler from Royal May, was runner-up. Monday next at S.30 p.m. is the time fixed for closing the nomination list of tbe Echuca club's August meeting, which Ukee place qp tbo fdllowinc Wednesday. Tbe card embraces the Veteran Stakes, for 10 all-ages at £1 1., and Murray Stakes, for a similar number of puppies at £1 Is. The hares, Mr. Wilkinson informs me, ere in splendid running condition, ana this will be b6tter under stood when it is stated that the " flying " Bloomer, a recognised demon killer, only managed to poll one down in her six courses of the recent E.I'.C.C. Champion. Dianthus who win the Queensland Waterloo Plate in 1895, went oue step better last uiontb, and divided the 169G Queensland Waterloo Cup with Mr. Syme's Merlin, Catherine Hayes taking third money. Dianihufi, who ran in lbs nomination of Mr. H. Campbell, is by Korotur (son of Rofford and Still Piayful) from Kilty Hayes. Another meeting that require atten tion on Monday next is that of the Col lingwood club, which is fixed for decision on the 12th inst. at Diggers' Rest. There are two eight-dog stakes — one for all-ages, and the other for puppies, each at ono guinea, fefenallai fc.C. \ v. : wonnUDit 'Taw®, swi tifD ltHE dtjP- m ?oF45 allied d6g«at£3 Bt: Wfanri.fl 22 , third dftgi 10. Iftib 1« "tosinees beat be5 Phil Wr, Border Boy beat Master. Harry, Boey Gom bejt Deacon, Hennie. IL bfaatBlack ©tar, War&dti; heat Witch craft, 'Brasasy.heat Datebin Chief, Novelette beat Skirmisher, Waterhen beat Cauldron, Highly bWrt CromwelL Ventana bsat Outcast II.) Mona beat Dante, Franleln beat Fenella, BBintobed beat Nightingale, Wasp beat Catch toe Ten, Boppicber bbat The Ghost, Darebin Meg beat Willing Lass, Songster beat Bhymv, Ruto a bye (HobsydeW drawn), Dorebin Babel beat Imorile, Bloomer beat Hwpy Jabk, Confidence beat Spenser, Plain Bill a First Ties— Easel beat Business, Rosy Gem beat Bordet Boy, Warnotd beat Hennie H, Brassey beat Novelette, Waterhen beat High way, Mon beat VentaaO, Bewitched neat Fraulein. Wasp beat Hoppioker, Songster beat Dorebin Uw, Ruby beat DaZebu Bebel, Bloomer beat Plain Bill, Confidence a bye. Second Tics— Hasel beat Rosy Gem, War- note beat Brassey, Waterhen beat Mona, Wato befit Bewitched, Euby beat Songster, Conndenos beat Bloomer. Third Ties— Heael beat Warnote, Water- hen beat Wasp, Confidence beat Ruby. Fourth Ties— Confidence beat Hazel, Waterhen a bye. . - Deciding Course-=-Mr A. B. Pearson's bk w b p Waterhen, by Blackbird— The Witeh, beat Mr J. Carpenter's bk w d Confidence, by Gameboy— .Westeria, and won the Cup. Mr F. Senyon ns f d Hazel, by Hard Cash — Hazelbloom, took third money. FEDiaBKE UP THfc tftKKBB. waTeKhek. 'xbc. Witch . BlacMHrd. . I I I I i I I »5 o g s £3 j3 B ft si £8 I II I S a s \- 5. 6 f. if ? 8 Pert drman fees of the winner t— May — Baa up to Darebin Bole for Beualla Oaks. June "-Divided Echuca Challenge Stakes with Miss Cresha. July — Won Benalla Waterloo Cup. Won 18 courses, lost. one. VVAT£ittL.UU rilJlSU. For dogs beaten in first round of the Cnp. Winner, £12; runner-up, £4- third dog, £1 10s. Less 10 per cent. Soloist beat Phil May, Master Harry beat Deacon, Black Star beat Witchcraft, Darebin Chief a bye (Skirmisher drawn). Cauldron beat Cromwell, Dante beat Outcast IL, Night ingale beat Fenella, Catch the Tec beat The Ghost, Willing Lass beat Rhymer, Luoelle a bye (Honeydew drawn), Happy Jack beat Spenser. First Ties— Soloist fieat Master Harry, Black Star beat Darebin Chief, Dante beat Cauldron, Nightingale beat Catch the Ten, Lucelle boat Willing L&bb;, Happy Jack a bye, absent. Second Ties— Soloist boat Blaok Star, Nightingale beat Dante, Luoelle a bye. Third Ties — Soloist beat Nightingale, Lu cello a bye. Deciding Course— Mr W. Stapleton'c bk w d Soloist, by Livingstone — Besant, beat Mr J Carpenter's bk w b Luoelle, by Rapid— Lurline, and won the Puree. WATERLOO PLATE. For doge beaten in second round of Cup. Winner, £12; runner-up, £4 ; third dog, £1 10s. Less 10 per cent. Business beat Novelette, Highway beat Fraulein, Darebin Meg beat Plain Bill. First Ties — Business beat Highway, Darebin Meg a bye. Deciding Course— Mr A. Hill's bk w b Darebin Meg, by Darebin King— Miss Mega phone, beat Mr S. Bladon's bk w d Business, 1 by Livingstone — Be Bant, and won the Plate. BAGOT STAKES. « For 14puppiesat£l. Winner, £10; runner- up, £4. Less 10 per cent. Nolan licat Skylark, M filing Lass beat Cardinal, Wallala beat The Gift, Bathurst Boy beat Philip, Melody beat Midget, Chrysanthemum heat Rumcld, All's Well beat Buffler. First Ties— Willing Lass beat Nolan. Bathurst Boy beat VTallala, Melody beat Chrysanthemum. All's Well a bye. Second Ties— Willing Losb Mat Bathurst Boy, All's Well heat Melody. Deciding Course — Mr E. de Mamiel ns bk w b Willing Lass and the same nominator's F w b All's Well, by Sentioel — Gipsy Queen, divided the stake. NEWMARKET STAKES. For esvso all-ages at £). Winner, £5; runner-up, £2. Homespun a bye (Hercules drawn) , Sentroes beat Melodious. Meg beat David, Cometabye. First Ties— Homespun beat Sentreas, Meg , beat Comet. Deciding Course— Messrs Hardiman Bros.' rdp Homespun, by Heyfiold — Hennie, beat Mr W. Staplcton us bk w d Meg, by Mid- ocoan— Sauvity, aud won. 