LITERARY The Storyteller. The Riddle Ring. (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER I.—Jim Conrad's Find. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, Author of "Dear Lady Disdain," "Red Diamonds," &c.; Jim Conrad, a young Englishman, lounging about Paris at the time when this story begins, found a ring, which he at once assumed to have a mystery connected with It. It appealed to his young and romantic fancy, and it seem ed to tell him that it had come in his way with a mission for him to fulfil, and perhaps even a story for him to telL It clearly, as he thought, told a tale of a lovers' quarrel, and he was in the mood Just then to sympathise with anybody into whose love a quarrel had pierced. In any case all stories about rings had had a curious fascination for Con rad. There was the ring of Polycrates ; there was Aladdin's ring ; there was the ring of Amasis ; there was the ring put upon the finger of the statue of Venus, and suddenly clasped and clutched by the enchanted marble. There was the ring with which the Doge used to wed the Adriatic. There was the ring that Pharaoh gave to Joseph, and there was the ring of Solomon—and Portia's ring, and the rmg of Posthumus_ in Cymbeline, and all manner of other rings in poetry, legend, and romance. Oonrad delighted In an these rings, and was a devoted admirer of " The Ring and the Book." How then could he avoid being impressed by the fact that a ring with an apparently mys terious story encircling it had come in his way, and invited him to unlock the heart of its mystery ? Jim Conrad was passing by the Arch of Triumph, the Arch of the Star, one morning in Paris, and entered the Bois de Boulogne. It was a morning in late summer or early autumn. Jim Con rad came to Paris just then because he -wanted to have Paris all to him •elf. The Parisians would have gone away, and the English and Americans would not yet have come. There was only one piece being played at all the Parisian theatres just then, and that bore the name of " Relache." Jim Con rad tried even to see the Venus of Milo at the Louvre, but on his first attempt he found that the gallery was closed "for the business of repairs," and he made no further attempt "Let it go," he said, "as everything else goes— for me." From which It will be Inferred that poor Jim Conrad was in some mental trouble. So he was. He had come to Paris in order to relieve his mind by making it more miserable than ever, and brooding alone and lonely over hi* trouble. Alone and lonely may seem at flrst to the irreverent reader to be mere repetition and tautology. The irreverent reader, if he will please to devote his powerful mind to one moment's thinking over the subject, will see that he is entirely wrong. One may be alone without being lonely. We all find it healthy and satisfactory to be alone now and then ; but to be lonely Is the blood-poisoning of the soul. Poor Jim Conrad was lonely. The girl whom he loved, or fancied he loved, had thrown him over and married a rich man old enough to be her father. Many a London young man no older than Jim would have taken this coolly enough, and accepted it as part of his UHuck. Girts will do these things— they do them every day—Fred to-day George to-morrow—Arthur yesterday. And then, too, the lads sometimes throw over the lasses, as every wise man's •on doth know. But unfortunately Jim Conrad had a fatal trick of taking things seriously. At least he took things seriously where his heart and his affections were at all concerned. He was an odd sort of young man. He was decidedly good-looking—he was tall and well-made, and wore his clothes with the unconscious way of one who lias been born to show off clothes to advantage. He was great in all manner of games and sports, and was a capital amateur actor and manager. He was poor. He was the younger son of a younger son, and his own personal pro perty amounted to five hundred a year all told—the money left him by Ms mother who was dead. But he was determined to make his way in litera- Sf e{ ™XL ne ***> Tom his e&taidSi.; an inborn passion for literature and he saw a great career before him—a n^A^USt had^ 1 yet qulte be «iw- He had written nothing— at least nothing Sf J^lfcation-but h* meant to write His friends had always safd, "Why don't you write something, j| m ?" And he proposed with all the confidence of another Montrose to make the girl he loved—or thought he loved- famous JL? *Vl n- P c girl who had at nrst 5? i Vt k<?n by hls face ' hls flffure his clothes, and his manners did not care twopence about being made Xr°. USJ&. hlB pen- She captivated an ?!m nnS."i Onalre ' and Bhe cahn'y threw VUL t ™J* over> Bhe told Mm in the 117 li &nkl; St way what she was doing and why *he was doing it. " I should like very much to marry you, Jim. I would rather marry you than any other man if you had the oof, but then you haven't, and I don't believe you'll ever get it—and I can't wait aill my life— and I've got a good chance now with this old fool—and of course I am not an idiot, and I don't mean to throw my chance away. Perhaps he'll die soon and leave me a widow—and then I don't say that you and I may not ar range matters." Then Jim left her. He saw that he had thrown his time utterly away on her. He saw that she never could have been the woman he had supposed her to be. He found a great desert in his heart. To have loved and lost may be better than never to have loved at all, but to have loved and to find out that the object of one's love is not worth a single thought even in the way of anger is not a cheering experi ence to look back upon. That was Jim Conrad's condition when he went over to Paris to try for some way of dis tracting himself from the memory of his folly. He did not even carry self respect along with him. How could he feel any respect for himself who had been taken in by a woman like that ? So he wandered listless through the Bole de Boulogne eating his own heart. He had come to Paris not merely because he was fond ot Paris—although he was— but because he had had much of his bringing up there, and he thought it would do him good to go back to the place which he had known before he knew her. In the mind of some men, and perhaps of a very few women, place and association go together like substance and shadow. There are men —there are certainly men—l will not vouch for women—to whom every place they know floats double—the place and its shadow, the association. Therefore, Jim Conrad in his fancied distress—is there any fancied distress ?—does not the mere fancy make it real ?—sought out his old haunts in Paris because they brought him associations of a happy, careless time before he knew her. He strode over a high railing, and lost himself in an utterly unfrequented glade of the artificial wood. He wanted to go away even from the sound of feet, the sound of voices. He did not care to hear the nursemaids babbling to the children. Like all disappointed people he was for a time a thorough egotist. He saw his own trouble In the grass, in the sky, In the crowd, in the solitude. Suddenly as he plunged along, across the well-kept grass, he was called away from the thought of his own trouble by seeing a shining object on the turf before him. It was something that glittered at him out of the grass, and that in an odd sort of way seemed to appeal to him. He stooped and took it up. It was a ring ; a thick heavy ring of gold. It was apparently a ring of antique make and fashion. Naturally he looked round to see if anybody was within call who might have dropped it No, there was no one anywhere In Bight. He had the glade all to himself. Yet it was plain from the first that the ring had been lately dropped or thrown away. The night had been rainy, the early morning had kept up the rain. The ring was as dry as if it had been dropped on the Egyptian sands in front of the Sphinx, near the Pyramids. It was a ring which might have been worn by man or woman—a man with a hand at all slender could have worn it on his little finger—a woman who had not a hand too solid could have worn it on her middle or even her third finger. It looked more like a man's ring certainly, it was so solid and heavy. Curious," Jim thought, " how any one could drop so heavy a ring and not notice Its absence from the finger to which it belonged." Anyhow he took it for granted that the owner would •con come back to recover the lost possession, and as he had nothing par- S?2Y» tO»u°*». Wlth himßeU ' he waived to wait until the owner came and glad dened his heart, or hers, by its restora tion. So he lounged about and sat on the grass, and leaned on the fence, end wove odd fancies about the ring. Two hours idled and slipped away in this dreamy fashion, and no one tame to n?inlm *' *» fact-no onelame Then an idea occurred to him—.was th<» ?n«T dropped at all ? Or^LTnot rather thrown away ? It pleased Jim to fancy himself already a writer S romance, and as such able to analyse iJSS 11 nai Ur£. and out <* the merest ?£> rti2 et a d- O*E to tte con cluslon that the ring was thrown away, and thrown away by a woman. It was flung away in a woman's Impatient burst of anger and scorn. It was a question of slight ed love-of faith cruelly broken It 7" the gift of a false lover, oh,' yi. Jim felt quite sure the ring was thrown away by a woman. He felt that «h<» mn% youn*,' He «"that She must be beautiful-he felt for the time as mire of this as If elderly ladies never dropped a ring, never threw away a ring, never were dis appointed in their lovers -*s if ugly women never had occasion to'bemoan the perfidy of their pretended admirers. Other things being equal, one would naturally have thought the action of a woman disappointed In love would surest a lack rather than a superabundance uf attractions. But Jim Just then did not choose to think it so He saw Ariadne deserted by Theseus' Likewise he convinced himself—and here his reasoning was more plausible and even more sound—that a love affair of the purer order—love affair between the unmarried—was concerned, and not an intrigue of any discreditable kind. There was. Indeed, as will be seen, a third possibility, which did not then come into his mind. He said to himself that no woman disappointed in any scan- dalous intrigue would throw away in a public place a ring which might after wards come to be a " piece de convic tion" against herself. Such a woman might have thrown the ring into the Seine, but she -would not have flung it recklessly on the turf of the Bois de Boulogne. No—the ring could betray nothing of which its wearer was ashamed. She was disappointed, and she did not care who knew it. Let it go. all. Why might it not have been a man •who threw that ring away ? Suppose a man had been given a ring by his sweet heart, and she had proved false, and they had quarrelled, why might not he have flung it away there in the Bois de Boulogne ? Jim reasoned this out too. A man would not have been likely—so Jim reasoned out -the case—to throw away a ring. He would probably have sent it back at 'once to the woman who had proved faithless—or he would simply have left it In his desk or in one of his drawers, and tried to forget all about it. What puzzled him a little was if the Bole de Boulogne was chosen for the flinging away of the ring, why that particular spot ? Then an explanation occurred to him which fitted in with hi* theory of the deserted and disappointed woman whose grief had suddenly flamed up in passionr The place in which he had found the ring was not a place where women would naturally walk. It could only be got at by scrambling over the rail ing and running the risk, no doubt, of official remonstrance and reproval from angry police authority. It would be very hard indeed for any woman, ev^n if she .wore the divided skirt, to scramble over that railing—and why should an or dinary petticoated woman want to scramble over it in the broad light of day ? So Jim Conrad settled finally down to h}s conclusion that the ring had not been dropped, but that it had been thrown away. Some woman standing on the other side of the railing, and with out the least idea of crossing the barrier, had deliberately taken off the ring and flung It away—flung it as far as she could—from her hand, and from her heart, and from her life—flung it away in the sad and sickly hope that she was flinging memtory, and disappointment, and disillusion along with it. Then Jim begun to study the ring It self more closely than he) had done be fore. It had a number of letters beau tifully enamelled round the outside, each letter in a different colour. Inside the ring were some figures in dark blue enamel. The letters round the outside gave no indication whatever of where one ought to begin In order to decipher the meaning—if any meaning they had. Jim, of course, assumed that they had a meaning—no mortal takes the pains of having letters enamelled on a ring H they have absolutely nothing to express. The letters ran thus, if one began at random, suppose with the letter C. C.Y.0.F.A.R.A.A.T.N.1.C.5.1.0.a.R. Not much to be made of that—at the first glance at all events. On the inner surface of the ring were the figures 3,290 ; and following, with a little space between, 14,293. That was all. Evening began to lower, and Jim left the place, taking the ring with him, and went home to his hotel. After a night and day of puzzling he began to flatter himself—and he believed he had a special gift In the deciphering of hieroglyphics —he began to think that a suspicion of meaning was dawning on him. His theory was that one must begin with the letter F., and take every alternate letter following, and by this process you get the name Francisco, yhen you begin again with the second R., which was not used up in the " Franclßco," and go backwards on the same alternating prin ciple, and thuß you get the name " Rosita." Francisco and Rosita—com mon names enough in Italian or in Spanish. This reading, to be sure, left two letters unaccounted for—the V that follows the first C, and the A that fol lows the F, and which were taken in by neither of the names. The figures, he took it, were dates written straight out. Clearly enough they meant the third day of the second month of 1890, and the fourteenth day of the second month of 1893. The two un useld letters —were they not simply the Spanish form of Alas taken backwards ? Hera he could find no better solution. He had then got to this—that the ring symbolised some sort of love affair be tween a Francisco and a Rosita, pre sumalbly Italian and Spanish, or one ItaUan and the other Spanish ; that the eras of the love affair were the third of February, 1890, and Valentine's day, in 1893—three years and a little more ; and that the ring bore melancholy evidence of something ill-omened in its short word of pathos, or of despair. What was the meaning of the zone of time, if such an expression may be used, which was indicated by the two sets of figures with their/ several dates ? Why did the lovers' era limit its enamelled re cord to the days between early 1890 and early 1893 ? Was that done In advance ? Clearly it could not have been. Nobody, whether man or woman, would think of having a ring engraved with a funereal inscription in advance of love's funeral. There are those who have their grave stones cut and inscribed long in ad vance ; but no one ever heard of a grave stone with the date Imprinted in ad vance. No sane human beings would have thought of engaging themselves for three years and a few days, and no more. An engagement which was bound to last so long might surely be expected by the lovers to last until its very fulfilment. At least that is how a pair of lovers might naturally be expected to reason out the question. Of course the two dates might have been meant to mark two stepping-stones in the lover care* —the day when the lovers first met, for example, and the day when they got married. But then why the syllable of despair ? And why was the ring flung away ? Death in its natural course could have nothing to do with the tale. No one flings away a memorial of a beloved companionship cleft cruelly apart by death. Even misunderstanding, quar rel, and rancour do not often survive a death. " Dead, dead ! That quits all scores," says Meg Merrilles in "Guy Mannerlng." CHAPTER ll.—The Slave of the Ring. Jim considered himself quite safe to pu,t away any theory which brought death—'that is a natural and lamented death—into the puzzle. But a death by crime ? How about the possibility of a death by crime ? Suppose a husband and wife had quarrelled—suppose it were a case of grounded or groundless jealousy—and the husband had torn from his wife's finger a ring which he had given her in happier days, and had killed her, and then flung the ring away ? Or suppose It were merely the case of such a quarrel between a pair of lovers, with the same result ? But there remained the same impossibility of accounting for the syllable of despair. No man having killed his wife or his sweetheart would have been at the pains of commemorating the fact with the dates of loverahip or marriage and the syllable of despair by an inscrip tion subsequently engraved for the mere purpose of throwing the ring away. The explanation in any case would have been inconsistent with Jim's fond belief that the ring was thrown away by a woman. Still he said to himself that he was not going to leave any possible solu tion of the mystery untested merely be cause something might seem to conflict with a favourite theory of his own. A crime of some kind was quite possible. But he studied the papers for days and days and he found no record of what we may call any appropriate crime. He found, Indeed, two cases of suicide with somewhat corresponding dates, and he went to the morgue to study for him self. But one was that of a red-faced and seemingly very drunken artisan in a blouse, and the other that of a poor half- starved little sempstress girl, whose wan and needle-marked fingers did by no means seem adapted to the wearing of that curious and costly ring. He made inquiry at the Prefecture of Police, but could hear of nothing. He did not, however, give up the ring. He utterly declined to shut himself out of the mystery altogether. He had already advertised in the Paris journals stating that an English gentleman who could be heard of by writing to certain Initials at the Grand Hotel had found a ring in the Bois de Boulogne on the date of the finding, and inviting the owner to claim the lost property. His appeal to the world in general brought out no reply whatever. Yet it seemed almost certain —at all events extremely probable—that the woman who had flung away the ring must still have been in Paris soon after he had picked it up in the Bois de Boulogne. He felt a strong conviction that the owner of the ring did not want to know anything more about it. But therlngbore the two names—assume that a woman had thrown it away, would not the date and the fact of a ring being dis covered bring home some idea to the mind of the man whose name was inter locked with hers ? Yes, certainly, if he were in Paris. But the theory of Jim Conrad was that the lover had left Paris —had deserted the girl in a new passion for some other woman—and that then she had thrown away the ring. Here, then, the theory would fit in well enough. One of the pair whose names were inter locked would not have the ring again— the other knew nothing about its rejec tion and its discovery. Jim took the ring to several high-class jewellers In Paris, and endeavoured to get at some conjecture as to its origin and history. It was an old ring they all agreed—the legend had been put on it within the last few years—the figures at a somewhat later time than the outer inscription. The opinion waß strong, almost unanimous, that despite the seem ing evidence of the names it was not an Italian or a Spaniard ring. It certainly was not a French ring. Nor was It. German, although it looked more like a German or Scandinavian piece of work than anything belonging to Southern Europe. One expert in the craft made a declaration which set Conrad's nerves thrilling. He declared his firm convic tion that it was an English family ring. Then, Conrad thought, the work of dis covery, if that be true, becomes easier and easier. It cannot be hard to find out In London the family history of such a ring. It cannot be hard to find out Just now in Paris the names of any English people who may have been stay- Ing here at this unwonted time. Conrad had many friends In Paris—he had many friend* especially at the Brit ish Embassy. Some of the young men belonging to the Embassy were still compelled to remain In town. Of these he made inquiries, but his friends couM not assist him much. He could only ask them vaguely aN>ut English families who had lattly been in Paris or were still there. They could only tell him of the llonaldscns, who had run up for a few day* from Dieppe ; of the Straths by», who v.ere going back to Scotland • and. quite inappropriately, of the de lightful American girls who had fctaycl to the very last cf the season, but v/hoie mother had carried them away, n> one quite knew where, several weeks ago. There was nothing satisfactory in this. Conrad did not want quite to give up his secret—to let it pass into other hands. He cherished it; he clung to it; it gave him a motive for living—which, as he thought, he sadly wanted. He began to forgot his own trouble in studying out , and striving to construct the story of \\*his self-created heroine. An idea began to i*jjt hold of him. Why should he not make a story of it ? Why pot try his literary Hand In that%ay? But hie put the Idea aside. Suppose the> real heroine of the tale came to find that somebody had turned her and her mis fortune into. " copy" ? He could not bear the thought. No, it must, be his secret alone—and hers of course—but it must not be given to the big stupid public at so much, a page. With the audacity ef a novice in literature Conrad did not contemplate the possibility of editors and publishers declining the completed copy with thanks. No, his thought was of a story ringing in the public ear far and wide, becoming the talk of the day, and so; at last reaching the ear and wounding the heart of the poor suffering and secluded heroine. • The more he brooded over the whole subject the more the heroine became a real and concrete being to him. He thought very little about the lover, ex cept that now and then he flung an execration along his undiscovered path. His theory was that the girl was young, that the man was much older—perhaps a married man who had passed himself off as single, and so won the girl's guile less affections—and the discovery came, and the ring was flung away. What, in any case, had all this to do with Jim Conrad ? Were not his affections blighted utterly ? What was it to him whether there was in the world one more disappointed bedng than he had known of before ? Suppose he could find her out, what good could he do for her ? He could hand her back her ring of course ; but assuming that she had deliberately thrown it away it did not seem likely that she would be very grateful for having it handed back. Still we are afraid that a disappointed lover, even in the early bitterness of his disappointment, is not the least likely of men to open his heart to a new sensa tion, even to the chance of a new wound. The actual fact is that Jim began to dream and moon about this imaginary heroine until he almost persuaded him self that he had been appointed by Pro vidence to find her out and charm her grief away. All this was very absurd to be sure, but then these romantic young men will be absurd sometimes— always. Every day regularly Jim made a pil grimage to the Bois de Boulogne, and hung about the spot where he had found his perplexing possession. The Idea was in his mind that if the owner of the rln* should still be In Paris she might be tempted to haunt the place with which ehe had such melancholy associations. The Impulse of most people Is to avoid such a scene—but it is not the impulse of all. There are some who have the ghost's faculty highly and morbidly de veloped in them, and cannot keep them selves from revisiting a scene of suffer ing. It would be more like a man than like a woman, Jim thought, to haunt the grave of a buried happiness, but still there might be women too who would do It This woman might be one who would dp it. So he went to the place every day, and lingered there and watched every wo man, and indeed every man, who passed the railings, and who gave any glance, •however short and sudden, in the one particular direction. But no one stopped there—man or wo man; nor did any woman who passed give him the idea o' a heroine and a tragic story. He was so often there lingering about the same place that he began to recognise faces of men and wo men who appeared to be regular passers by there—and, '.ndeed, people began to ■notice him, and more than one "Bergenl de vllle" appeared to take a deep and curious interest In his movements, or ' rather in his lack of any particular movement. But he haunted the place all the same, and let authority form any suspicions it pleased. Jim got into a way of sitting up late in his bedroom of nights, studying the ring. He used to set it before him on his table and survey it as though by constant turning it over and over he could get at the heart of its mystery. He thought of wearing it publicly on his .necktie, and thus offering it on exhibi tion and seeing whether somebody would not claim it. But here again came in the possibility of hurting the souf of the fair sufferer. If she were still in Pariß and happened to see her ill-gifted ring thus published and blazoned forth by a sti'aoiger, what could her feelings be—her sense of desecrated grief? No —that ex pedient could hot be tried. In any case, .it would probably come to nothing. The advertisements in the papers had not procured him one single question, an swer, or suggestion of any kind. Jim began to grow tired of Paris and .to think he had better be going back to London. He ought 'to get to work of -some kind, he told himself. He must hot let his life drift Idly by, he said to his fighting soul. All. the time there was in his mind the unacknowledged anxiety ,*o show 'the ring to some of the great : London Jewell ere and find out from them (whether It was of English make, and whether it -would be possible to get at anything about its family history—sup posing such history to belong to it. He had little difficulty in reconciling his conscience to the fact that he was keep ing a ring which did not belong to him, and which no doubt he ought to have handed in at the /prefecture of police. An Englishman in Paris, as a stranger not domiciled there, does not attach any particular sanctity to the supposed rights of the authorities over treasure trove. Conrad's mind followed the ring into a dusty collection of labelled ar ticles, such as one may see in the Lost Property Office in Scotland Yard—um brellas, varaeols, ladies' purses, opera glasses, and such like —and he saw the Interesting ring lying there unclaimed for .ever —of no. us* to any one, even the owner. No; he felt thait he and no one else was for the moment the rightful .heir to the ring he had found. He jkdulA took out for the owner in a thoughtful and a delicate ■way. and would know how to aot, if a cltartoe1 ahduld arrive. The police authorities would not trouble themselves in the least about the busi ,,.nj?ss, The lost ring would have no more meaning for them than a lost walking stick or a dropped garter. Sometimes he became possessed by a fear that he had either lost the ring or was destined to lose it. He bought a little blue silk bag, and In that bag he stowed his treasure of nights, and tied up the sliver string about the neck of the bag, and hid it under his plHow with his watch. More than once in every night he waked up and felt for the bag, and assured himself that it was safe—and sometimes got up and lit his 'bougie" and took the ring out to make sure that no 'thief, clever as one whom, Herodotus tells of, had stolen in to his'room and stealthily got the bag from under his head and taken out tha ring, and put the empty bag back into its idle'place. • . The wfiiole story—his Imagined story— began to get on Jim Conrad's nerves. It was growing to be quite a reality for him. Perhaps the morbid state of his mind, caused by his recent disap pointment, had a great deal to do with his earnestness about this other « disappointment, wihich in no wise con cerned or could concern his life. He was, in faot, that most susceptible and irredeemable of all creatures—the poet who does not write verses. He had all the attributes of the poet, except the capacity to work off his trials and sufferings in poetry. The genuine poet has an immense advantage in that way. Aa soon as the first shock of any trou ble Is over, he sits down and works off Ms agonies In verse, and he reads over his poem and corrects and improves it, and puts its rhymes and nhythms right —and by the time he has come to the end of the process he has pushed his pain a good distance away from him. But Conrad was not in the way of writing poems, although he had felt all a poet's self-created passion for his false true- love, and he had not that way of working himself out of his misery. So he took to this story of the ring, and he realised it, and made it part of his constant pre-occupation—until it be came something like a torture to him. "I will go back to London," he said to himself resolutely. 'I will go back to- morrow—and I will see whether some London jeweller can't give me a hint whidh may help me to the family history of this ill-gifted ring." So he took what he told himself should be his last tramp to the place where he had found the ring, and he explored the ground once more. No new revelation was vouchsafed to him, but he was once again confirmed in the opinion which he had formed after many days of care ful observation—that no woman ever got over those railings. Such a per formance would have created quite as much consternation as if a woman had walked into one of the lakes. That was something to encourage him in his quest. If the ring was worn by a woman—and it could hardly have been worn by a ma-n—it was not dropped—it was not lost—it was thrown away. Jim was staying at the Grand Hotel. The days were telling on Paris, and the English and Americans were already beginning to come In. The table d'hote hitherto had been a very dull business for him. He had not spoken to a soul on either side of him. This day he thought to himself would be his last, and he was glad of it—be cause of the English and Americans who were beginning to come in, and whom he would fain avoid in his egotistic, misan thropic, and njisogynist mood of mind. He returned to the Grand Hotel, and sat at one of the little tables in the court-yard, and smoked a cigar and drank a "petit verre." A carriage drove past his table, and he saw. two ladles get out—an elder and a younger There were heaps of luggage on and in the carriage, and there was quite a little commotion of clerks, porters, page boys, and other attendants round the carriage, and the ladies and the lu* *ag*' ' .J IJ (To be continued.) "' i 