Comic Cuttings "Where is your French cook, Mrs. Toneall 7" " She has taken French leave." Politician : " Well, how do you fl:id business ?" Merchant: " By aflver tifilnfr for It as usual." learn how to pronounce ze word ' hydro phobia,' and zen I learn cat ze doctors sometimes pronounce It ' fatal.' " " 1 cannot vote," she walled. " Neither can llie baby," said he, " but that doesn't alter the fact that he is boss." Adolphus : " Why, Ethel, are you look ing at me so Intently ?" Ethel (dream ily) : " I was gazing at vacancy, Dolly." She (to waiter): " Let me see. Have you Ice cream 7" Walter: " Yes'm. How would you like a plate ?" She ; " Very full, thank you." Sub-editor: " How Is Pennington on spelling, anyway 7" Editor : " Well, he's a little too quaint for ordinary English, and not quaint enough for dialect" He : " Dearest, ray whole heart la de voted to you." She : " But how about your pockct-book 7" He : " Excuse me, but X was thinking about yours." Pngs says they are quite stylish at his boardlngr-house. The servant Is not In livery, but the breakfast Is, six mornings In the week. Hotel Clerk : " Sir, the visitor In No. 3S complains that the room Is haunted." Landlord : " Indeed 7 Then put down on lils bill, ' One ghost, ten shillings.' " Hadbourn : " What was that girl fined for ?" Chesney : " For being a foolish virgin." " Nonsense!" " Fact. She had no oil In the lamp of her bike." " You say It waa a runaway match 7" " Partly. He tried to run away, but she brought him to time by threats of a breach of promise suit." If counts with empty pocket-books, Who boasts of titles old. Like any special blossom best It la marl-gold. "Nature," said Uncle Eben, "doan' nebber bestow all her gifts on one ln dlvijlle. De Ilghtnln' bug sin* got no Btlnger, an' Ae akeeter aln' got no lamp." Agent: '. Why didn't you take the resi dence I recommended to you 7" Par venu : " It Is ao near the opera house that my wife couldn't have used her carriage." Hoax: "I never such an Impudent policeman as that one." Joox : " That's not surprising. He wouldn't be a copper without a large percentage of brass In his composition." " If you have anything to eay,. why don't you say it and be done with It ?" " I never oast my pearls before swine." " Well, I don't know ss I can blame you; It would be an insult to the awine." " Are you very busy 7" " No, «lr. What can we do for you 7" " I notloe that the advertisement on the window says you have 10,000 overcoats for sale. Can I try them on T" " When I first took hold of this place," said the new proprietor of the grocery store on the corner, " It was doing abso lutely nothing, and now the business has doubled." | Hazel: " I have one of the nicest den I tlsts you ever saw." Nutte: " In what way 7" Hazel: " Why, he pulled out the wrong tooth the other day, and wouldn't charge me a. shilling for It." " What principles are you going to aA- . vc.cate In the next town 7" asked the campaigner's private secretary. "I dunno. You get the next train there, i and find out what their views ape." ' . " Is that performer familiar with your music 7" she asked at the concert. " Be must be," replied the composer, who was writhing | "he takes such liberties with It." College Freshman : " Don't you enjoy the study of astronomy 7*' High School Olrl: " Oh, It's delightful t And X do . think the constellation of O'Brien Is just . too lovely for anything; don't you 7" "It was by beln' too tender-hearted that I got here," explained the gentle man behind the bars. "Stld of tekln' ' all the feller had I left him enough 10 hire a lawyer and a jury on." Weary Watkln* : "The doctors say We . ought to eat more cereal food." Hungry Higglns : " They Is too much M the serial business about our style of e&tla;' Al ready." Horse-dealer: "You had better buy the horse, colonel. You will never ftnd a healthier animal." Colonel Jones t "I - believe It. If he hadn't been healthy all his life he never would have lived so j long." Editor's Wife s " Who wrote this beau tiful article on 'How to Manage' ft Wife 7" Editor: " Young Qulller." Editor's Wife: " Why, I didn't know he was married." Editor: " He Isn't." Incredulous Friend ; " You'll never ac complish anything by trying to reach the pole-" Arctic Explorer; *' Just wait till you see me coming down the homestretch." Miss Prion (quoting); " Wise men ? make proverbs, and fools repeat them." MIBS Smart (musingly): " Yes; I won der what wise man made the one you Just repeated." "These firemen must be a frivolous set," said Mr. Bpilklns, who was reading a paper. " Why so 7" " I read In the paper that after the Are was under con trol the firemen played all night on the ruins." An Evasive Answer.-" Papa, what Is ' the playground of the soul' 7" asked a small boy, looking up from the book he was reading. " Oh, I don't know. You'd better Inquire of some wholesale shoe dealer." Miss Innersent: " You say you object. to Charles because be Is too much in the swim 7" Her Father : " Host decided ly." Miss Innersent: " but papa, I 4m - sure he would give up bathing altogether If he knew." Maud : " Do you really love Tom 7" Madge: "Oh, no; hot In the least" Maud: " Then, why are you going to ' marry blm 7" Madfce : " Oh, he's such a good fellow I couldn't think ot letting anybody else get him." "I think I have a pretty good story here," remarked the occasional contri butor as be seated himself and lighted one of the editor's cigars. The editor glanced over the story. " Yes," be said, " I think this Is a pretty good story. 1 tell It myself occasionally." " We couldn't hMp liking each other, you see, The yacht met with very rough, weather; And while she was pitching and tossing, you know. We were constantly thrown together." In the Alps.-On reaching a certain spot the driver turned round on hie seat and observed to the passengers : " From this point the road Is only accessible to mules and donkeys; I must therefore ask the gentlemen to get out and pro ceed on foot" " Von Boodle's wife Is very Indignant with him." " Why 7" " He played a. trick on her. He came home very late the other night." " That has happened before." " And he told her he heard a burglar In the house, so that she was afraid to scold him above a whisper." Backward, turn backward, O Time, In your flight, And let me be cold again, just for to night Turn backward, O Time, Just about half a year. And give me a chill, or a frost-blltso aar« 