The Harvest of a Song. CHAPTER II. She led her to the top of the 'wide stairway and bade her good-by there. _ When Grace came out into tlie fresh, damp air fragrant with a thousand delightful after rain odours, she felt as though she was stepp ing out of a dream. The girls were awaiting her with Blightly concealed' impatience. The children ran on before, and as they followed, stepping daintily and holdincr their skirts high to avoid the drenched grass, they plied her with dozens of questions. But a certain innate delicacy prevented Grace from giving all the details of her visit. Of her odd littlo acquaintance below stairs sho narrated a full description, and of her house, so far as she had seen it, but she said little of its mistress. ' She used to know your grandmother, Elinor, and my grandfather — papa's father ; and she is a lovely old lady, I was ashamed when I remembered your description of her. What made you think sho was like that p' ' Oh, I've always heard she was a queer old thing,' answered Elinor, carelessly, ' and we girls always imagined sho is a regular old witch, Sho must be different from anybody else, or she wouldn't live alone in that great house all these years.' ' I've heard grandma say that her husband hung himself in the attic there,' said Nannie Randolph, almost in a whisper. '-He was the wickedest man ! ? And three of ' her children died there in one week of tho smallpox. I wouldn't go there for anything !' ' Neither would I,' declared Fannie. ' My Aunt Ellen told mamma once ? that Madam Ponhallagon brought all hor unliappiness on herself by hor pride and willfulness and temper. Not one of her relatives comes near hor.' ' I don't believe she has any, Fannie. All her children are dead long-ago.' 'I wonder who'll havd all hftv mnrmtr 9 They say she's ever so rich.' 'Wouldn't it be lovely if sho would give some of it to tho Fresh Air Children. I've a great mind to ask her,' said Grace. ' Grace Enderby ! Are you crazy P' 'The Fresh Air Children!' ' What put such an idea into your head ?' ' She has never boon known to givo a' penny for anything in this village, much less for poor children from Now York !' they cried. 'Have you ovor asked her for anything P' nquired Grace, demurely. Another silence. ' Of course we haven't,' finally declared Elinor, ' and you wouldn't Bpeak of it ho i glibly, either, if you were : not a stranger hero.' ' 'Well, I'm glad I am a stranger, then, for' I believe she lias a kind heart, arid I am surely going to tell her about these poor city child ren who have come up here for a breath of country air and a taste of country good thiners. 1 m to spend the day with her to-morrow.' This announcement brought forth a chorus of lively protests. i , ? . . . , , ' Oh, not to-morrow, Grace ! You knr.w it is tho day of Jennie Dodge's garden party, and her brotlior's friend, Douglas Browning, is to be thoro. Ho is a handsome young law yer, and Jonnio is so aiixious to liavo him moot us girls. Who knows P Ho may be your fate, Grace P' Graco lauglio'd merrily. ,t _ ' If he's to bo my fate, it will' all come right, antjl I needn't bother. , , I'm sorry not to seo Jonnio, but I can go over there somo other timo. I'vo promised Madam Ponhallagon, and I know sho is lonely in that big houso, girls.' 'You certainly are a queer girl, Grace En derby, to prefer being cooped up in that gloomy placo with a crabbed old lady to having a good time with us,' commented Fannio, as they bade oachi othor good-by. .: ' Perhaps I am, but you wouldn't think so rotvllv if von had seen 1im- n« T did. Ymi would bo 8orry for lior, too.' Whon sho arrived at Penhallagon House the noxt day she was ushered into a small octagonal parlour, on the second floor,, by tho samo littlo woman sho had previously soon. , Lingering a moment, she drew near to Grace, and said : . ' My mistress said to me, ' Elviry, pull up tho.ourtains and lot tho sunshine in, and put somo flowors in tho vases. Young things need sunshine and flowers.' I'm. free to maintain, though, that I'm not a master hand at fixin1 posies. Thoro ain't boen one in' this houso sinoo — ' ? - Hor oonfidonco was out short by tho sound of a boll, and Grreoe was loft alono to smile at tho odd assortment of roses and hollyhocks huddled together in a lovely S6vros vase. Vory soon tho door opened and hor hosioss entered, ' Aro you quito well this morning, Graco. and happy as girls should be P Oomo sit by mo hero and toil mo about those ohildron who woro with yon yostorday. Do thoy livo in tho village P' ' Oh, I am so glad you asked mb, for I'm sure you will bo sorry for the poor, neglobtod littlo . things, and perhaps you will liolp thom,' Thon followed tlio history of tho waifs slio had boon largely tlio moans of bringing to Moadowdalo for a two wooks' stay at varioua farm-housos, and also of tho.Frosh Air Fund oharity, of -whioh Madam Ponhallagon soomod to know littlo. .... , ' Wo girls woro giving thom a. littlo pionio ovor in Ponooto Grovo, whon tho rain caught ns.' . , i. , .-. .. ,, ... i .... V ; 'f Arid: why; , did. . tlio., glrls'-loavo-^yott;— a- strangor, to givo thom sholtor P' ... Graoo blushod orimson, nnd .tried in vain to think of somo answer whioh would bo true and yet not tho wholo truth. I-Ior transparent oountoniinoo plainly rovoalod . hor ombarrass mont. . Thoy— thoy thought tho shower ' would Soon bo ovor, anc— and— ' , 'And thoy thought it would bo usoloss to sock shelter horo.' Madam Ponhallagon finished tho sontoneo for hor, , ' It is only boeauso thoy do not know how ldnd and gontlo. you aro,' oxplainod . Graoo, with ongoi', haste, e ? A floo'tirig smilo lighted for a .momont tho palo, srul faco. ' Yoti soo thl'ough tlio kind, gontle oyoH of yonr own goiiorcus, loving hoart, dear .'child. I lenow quite, woll that I am noithor kind nor gontlo, 1 was a proud, wilful girl j, I am a proud, wlU'ul old woman, Graeo, and have doliboratoly out myself oil: from all my kind for years, I but reap tho natural harvust ol! suoh sowing whon tho , grandohiklron of ray old neighbours' avoid ,mo aud assooiato my liaino with nothing that is humane, Still my lioart, whioh is witliorad \yith solflsh- iiohh, piorooci through .with bittor gi'iop, warpou with pi'ldo and dono In to hoyond -words to oxprOss, - is not wholly tload, At its vory oonti'o thero yob livos a lovo ivhloli you,' -with your warm, young sympathioa, yoUv suuuy f frankness, yoar unselfish thought for others, besides Horace Enderby's eyes and voice have -v«-0IV you» Grace, to know not the Madam Penhallagon that the married years of a long, clouded life have made me, but, so far as is possible, the Genevieve Douglas who loved aud beloved by your grandfather. And try to love her a littlo yourself, will you not P' ' I do love you already,' replied Grace, whose heart waB touched by tho pathetic tones, and who felt strongly attracted toward the lonely woman, ' lhank you. Now I am going to show you Horace Enderby's picture. Seo! Was he not a handsome man P And ho was just as good as he is handsome,' Tears filled the girl's eyes as sho looked at fillft firm frnYilf ? Li. 11-. 1 ? . ttuu ouuugu.u ot mo jove which had been scorned. For sho had al ready heard how almost at tho altar his pro mised bride had rejected him for a lover far richer in this world's goods. Silently another miniature was placed in hor hands. Grace drew a quick breath of admiration as she gazed into tho witching eyes and lovely face of this portrait. ' Can you forgive her, Grace ?' ' ' I'll try, for I know you aro.sb;rpy;*n-|w.1i- ™ '?Yes, Grace, I am sorry now. ;I was'sbrry then before I had been one week, the wife of Gilbert Penhallagon. But I haye the com fort of knowing that Horace had a far sweeter wife than I should havo ever made, him.' ' Grandma was lovely, .1 remember her so well.' 'I am going to give you these two pic tures, Grace, when I am no longer here. You will value them far more than Dick will, I know.' 1 (C Til ? Q /-\1. A!.' M « x'ur mo r yxi, waaiiK you very, very mucn, dear Madam Penhallagon ! They shall be my chief treasures.' ' Look through tho rest of those daguerreo types if you care to. Some day I will toll you a story of each of them. Then thoro will be time to go through somo of tho roomB before luncheon. Thoro are not. many houses now left so old and so handsome, as this is,; Grace.' ' ' The next hour was spent in walking slowly, from one apartmont to another, examining tho hangings, tho frescoes, tho masBivc furni ture, the portraits, the beautiful curios from all parts of the world. ' The Penliallagons were sailors and soldiers and merchants, and each one in his turn brought soriaething to the old homo. It would take months to tell you even briefly tho history of each one ifl. these fow rooms. Tho other side of tho house I never visit now. It is haunted by uncanny ghosts whom I try to forget. Let me lean on your strong young arm as wo return. I am. get ting weary. It is good to feel a strong young person near mo again, Dick should be here.' Grace wondered who ' Dick' might bo. vu nio uuuugon room again, tney found a dainty luncheon, set -out for two. Madam Ponhallagon. mado the tea herself with a- graceful dignity which her , guest secretly admired. The various tempting viands tasted ; better for being served on fragile, sprigged' china, shining cut-glass and old-fashionod solid- silver. , During tho pleasant meal Grace was asked many more, questions about her city waifs, I She: also, chatted freely about her own dear/1 homo and tho loved ones 'there! ' f » TTr,w T n.U't.li T 1 ? ? 1.„ ? -11 ? (u J. T? a. xuiguu UOi* VVAUl.U until tho, end,' .thought tho oldor woma looking with wistful eyes at the fair, swe face, and reading it in evory word of a tru sweet nature. ' It cannot be long ; but f tonder a flower would droop and fade with! these walls, shadowed so deeply by unhallow; moriiorios, I cannot ask it — but — I must U Diolc.' - j Tho luncheon ended,, slio said : / j 'I am going to lio down for an hour, / { flear. Can you amuse yourself witlir contents of this 'cabinet p On tlio sns 1 are some old-fashioned novels ; inthodir8 ! are bits of finory from my far-away ballm ' days; and hero is a, package of lotter/)™- 1 my brother when, lie was in India, yenrn(* 1 years ago, which you may road.' 7 1 Tho hour had lengthened into: tw-£?ro sho returned. The sunlight ? was stf11'1® in at a large, round window, bringin^.11^ the gold in Grace's soft, brown hair, a^^nS tho room with radianco. j ' It is too bad to have left you so L' Graco'.' „ . ./ ' I havo had two of tho quai8^ CP?^' panions,' answered Grace, holdinop an tiny, thick volume, ',Do you sw)B0 ithero oyer were pooplo, who talked lik?on?° ivioiisHii r ,, I Madam Penhallagon smiled asp smoothed baok the oui'ly looks from ho#os'i's ^01'°' hoad. I ' ' ' So you havo found thaylcl'^a^^°,no^ story ? I haven't thought of /°1' n lifotimo, almost. Thoy woro ardont to say tho loast, woro thoy notP Lov/ 'woro ardont, oven in my ? young days, b f thoy did not always uso suoh long words/ ,'I should hone not.'/'1'1100 cloolarod, laughing, ' I know I coul^t koop a straight faoo if anyone should if to mo in that 1 fashion.' I An hour lator, whon h had^ taken loavo ? of hor now friond and vk orossing tho op on borridor, sho again sir Elvira hastening toward hor. / 'I've , always, hpaii,' announced . that .woi-thy»handmaid, 'itjlt thoro was a witch in this old houso, but'I'Vi novor soon ono till to cliiy,. and I novor s'poratl sho was a young girl Hko you, but you'vo Wtain suro bpwitohod my mistress, Wo'vi boon a livin' _ horo twenty yaars now — «lnco all tho ohildron diod — 'jost wo two alono, an' I!vo novor kiiowod such doin's as Vius boon dono to-day,' Hovin' flowors, and a moftl cooked for oom priny, and wantin' to sooiMr. Diolc 1 Tliat caps tho oliinuoks, an' I'i\i jfroo to maintain that I'm looking for tlio , walls to oomo n Pmiji rnmmi'n' I' Graco listened with inuohlastonishmont to this burst of eonfldonoo, ? . 'Oh, I'm not a witch l| I'm. just Gmoo Hndorby ,* and I'm suro tlioso walls oould novor fall down, if thoy wisliod to, I must toll you how muoh obliged wo all aro for coming in horo out of tlio rain yostorday.' 'You'ro woloomo enough, Who bo all thoso ohildron P You ain't an orphan asylum, bo you P' | ' Oh, no I' said Graoo, muoh amusod at tho idoa, ' Thoy aro some poor' littlo ohildron from Now York oity— -ovor On tho East sido, you know, whoro'thoy don't- soo tho, bluo sky vory of ton, nor riioo frosli milk, noi' muoh of any tiling olso that is good for thom, Many of| thom livo in ono room — tlioir wholo families, .T moan — and novor liavo a ilro - in win l,or nor half . olothoB enough to koop thorn warm,' *- ? ? : ^'e sakes!' ejaculated ] Yon jnst wait a minute,' She hurried away, soon returning w o!d stocking-leg partly filled with silver i ii sa^- counting out sc you take^ these and buy some -good things for those children when they gii to New York. I was down thero one J I was a girl like you; an' nearly froze I on their brick pavements. And do'a: tell nobody —mebbe I'm bewitched, t/ J mni nobody should know ; a sight o them Ieetle faces was a eood/ v wasn't it?' , 'd I 'You're a good one !' exclaimed/e t iilwa unexpectedly found hers/of middle of a warm hug, and felned e ?hk °UnS Presse-^ against J 1 'For the land sakes, child! T/Csty I knocked my cap all crooked P'/s, but i remonstrance, as she tried to L& and ^ only succeeded in looking er 1 pleased. 1 (To be conlinuq ] 