THE SERF LOVERS OF SIBERIA. CHAPTER XVI. The apartment in which Ilga, follow ing the lead of the intendant, soon found herself, was large and barren, haying but little furniture, and that of the plainest description. The windows were small and few in number, and were covered. by thick and strong shutters which fastened from within. I suppose you have little idea of your whereabouts, Ilga? questioned Sleegoff, with suppressed jubilance, as he motioned the girl to one of the two hr three rude chairs in the room.. To the contrary, I know very well whore I am, returned Ilga. I have never been-here before, of course, but Irmak has, and he has told mo all about the place and its surroundings. We are : at Count Platlon’s shooting-box, some .thirty versts not th-enst of Kamroess, and • not far frpm.,Goworg ! The iotondant bit his lips. It was clear, from his action that he was hot well pleased to find that the girl bad iso well kept her reckoning. : Since you are so well posted, he said, I need not beat any particular trouble to enlighten you. B cause you know whfcre you are, however, it does not follow that you will be able to communicate your knowledge to any human being, or ;to derive any benefit from it. The count has not been here for years, and I can not conceive of any earthly reason that would bring him here at this season of the year. As to.neighbors, there is not bo much as the but of a woodman within half a dozen versts of you 1 j A charming place to which to bring the object of your affections, is it not ! sneered Ilga, as saucily as ever. What, do you expect to gain by all the remark able trouble to which you are putting yourself ? j Gain ? Your band of course ! A week or two of this isolation’ will make' yo ( u glad to return to the world from which'-*- yoa must not fail to remember—you have totally vanished ! • . j You think so I A week or two, do yofii' say Mr. Intendant 1 I Yes, a week or two. •, [ How little you know me ? ~I shall never marry you—never-/-nbt if you were to keep me here until the end of ttoe century 1 i The intendant smiled grimly, J I should be greatly disappointed, and even discouraged, if you bad failed" make these defiant declarations, ho saitfy They simply prove to me that you are alike in good health aud in good I would not have you in any other mood for all there is in the world.. The girl did not seem to bear him! Her eyes were completing the sa’cvcfy of the apartment, and following the move-; meats of the old woman who had pro-, e?ded her into the box,. and was busily patting everything in orderfor occupancy; You are sure the count won’t'be hero, at present ? was Ilga’s next query. ; Not for yeard, I dare say, Ho is busy at court, besides being bound up in' various studies and pursuits which necessarily retain him at St. P ; tersburg. Another thing, if be should over take it: Into bis bead to return to his estates, I shall be one of the’first of his friends to be advised of his-purpoae, and oan govern! myself accordingly. I see,-murmured Pga* That is all very simple and pleasant. But it seems b6 me, and she once more surveyed the bare floor and the gloomy walls,'that you have not made Uhe proper preparations for a prolonged stay hero. Why, what do you want? Plenty of wood for a rousing fire, to begin with, replied Ilga. • . Oh, that you shall have. Don’t you see that Mrs Nitzer is already kindling a fire ? ~ . Certainly, bat I don’t see the wood' necessary to keep the , fire constantly burning, ' ■ There is plenty of wood 1 a the shed back of the house, declared Sleegoff; with visible disappointment and annoyance; and more where that came from. What else do you want? Well, I shall want a groat supply of provisions, said Ilga, reflectively. Next' ion good fire, which is the first consider ation in such a climale as this, comes a good supply of food/ You must see to it, therefore, Mr. Inte'hdant,. that y your shooting-box is as promptly and fully provisioned as if we were lodged for five years upon Nova Zero6la, ' ’ ' : ' ' The intendant gndwned bis lips again, more nervously than before. , Rest assured that you shall haveVevery thing you require, he said. What other wants have you ? ' ‘ . Fuel land food being duly, provided for> pursued Ilga; I shall want plenty of clothes to weor—furs and robes; of,, every description, all the latest fashions, as fast at they appear,' from season to season And next I roust have a large supply of. books and mogazioes.with which lb occupy tile long months and years of -my im prisonment—for imprisonment is ' what my future lot amounts to, t believe ? ~ Yes, you are quite right in regard to your status hero, said Sleegoff. And, if: you have now made known all your wishes, it’only remains, for, us to take possession! ' ' ’ His servants appeared at this,juncture, bringing from the' sledge several baskets of supplies, which Sleegoff proceeded to ■ stow away in a pantty at.one end of the main apartment. ; 1 see thdtyou have entered u|tan house keeping without cpuntlpg the 'cost, sneered Ilga; as lndibaied tile provisions her captor hdd brought with him, I really hope you do not intend that I shall die of starvation. My supplies will equal the „ demand, returned the intendant. Whit is lacking to«day can be furnished tosmorrow. Do you intend to remain here I o watch me, Mr.Intendant ? Not a bit of it. Mrs Nitzer will be your chief guardian, and after her will come Growaby and the two men with him. Between these four persons, you may be sure that you will bo kept constantly jn, view, except when you 'choose to remain in the seclusion own apartment. He indicated with a gesture a room opening off from the one bo was in. Oh, that is ray room, is it? \- Yo* that is your own. Give mo aligh - , Mrs Nitzrr,comraanded tho girl, arising. L-t me tee what ray ! new home is like. A light being furnished her, she made a prompt and close survey of the room in question. It is like a prison, as I supposed, she murmured. It has no window. It is all the stronger for that, declared the intendant, with , a laugh. If you cannot break out, it is equally certain that no. one can break in. You : will have to-be locked up here every night, of coarse, but you will have the privilege— so long'hs you Jbshavo —=of occupying this outer room in. the day-time. I sholl be hero again in the course of a day or two, with further supplies^'and in the mean-, time, have only to recommend that you ,will make the best of yoar surroundings. Oh, J shall be contented enough—as soon as you are out of ' my sight, de clared the gif I, mockingly. But suppose I should escape ? How escape? traveller may come this way— some official of tho government, even-— He will not see you, for the reason that Mrs Nitzer has orders to prevent you from being seen or heard by any person whatever ! Indeed? But I have heard that there are robbers in these hills, and your Mrs Nitzer may find herself entrusted with more business than she can execute. Be sides, as the shooting box has been so long deserted, may it not have occupants of whom you know nothing? What if its walls should have ears at this very moment. Nonsense, returned Slaegoff, ner vously. . Bat to bo on the safe side, I will visit every corner of it, from the sills' to the rafters. Supplying himself with a light, he has\ tened to make a close and'general survey of the premises, much to the satisfaction of Ilga, who had provoked him to this course in her own interest and for her own edification. All is as it should be, report’d the iii tendant, upon bis return to her, You- will be rescued by neither travellers nor robbers, but will remoio here until yon see the-propriety of accepting the great honorn I would show you. Very well, sir, commented Ilga. We will not quarrel about present dif ference's, . but adjourn their settlement jio the future. ' i An hour liter, when the girl seemed duly installed, in her prison, Sleegoff gaVe bis final msfcractio-is to his minions, took a temporary leave of ilga, and set out alone in his sledge ior Kami ness, At‘ the late hour to which tho ntgh% had now advanced, the intendant was not surprised at the profound gloom reigning around^hjmvjaor did. hejeare for it.. He had, lighted his lamps and looked well l|o his armo, so thit he was as indifferent to any wolves ho might encounter by the way as ho was to'the darkness. * And so all is as it should be, was the eelf- congrdtulation with which he turned his back npon the shooting box. Hey lover is well op tho road to Siberia, and she is blotted out of existence, so far as all the world is concerned. • ; Fora time-all went on pleasantly, Tbp horses had traversed the rade pith often enough tp follow it without difficulty, and Sleegoff bad too much confidence in him self to be disturbed by an occasional howl that reached him from afar. But sud : denly the animals pricked up their ears, and in a few moments were displaying n fright ranch greater than they hod merly experienced. What can they see? the intendant asked himeolf, as the ho'sos suddenly, halted. It was in vain that ho strained: his eyes into the darkness. He could not see beyond the heads of his horses. But swift and mashing footsteps just within the edge of tho adjacent bush's told him that peril was coming from that! quarter " His . descended quickly) and heavily, bat his horses did not ad-j vance a step under it. Swerving, with) bago bounds from the path, they upset! the sledge and burled it against a stump' by the' wayside, detaching themselves : from it and making their escape. The intendant had barely regained his feet, when he found himself assailed fiercely by what ,he at first believed to bp a bear. H«lp I help 1 was the cry that, arose in* voluntarily to SleogoffV lips, although no pno'-knew, better thou himself the -utter futility of invoking aid in that wild soli tude. . _ ... Tho response was a strange and hideous laugh. The assailant was evidently human ! Taking courage from that ocfnviotion, tho intendant fired several shots from his revolver, and wielded a large banting knife'.with all the energy of desperation/ but with am ilhauocoss that struck terror to' ‘his soul. His face and form were evprjr instapt mutilated and torn as if by the v clows of some.savage boast. What ;diditmean? A; few moments of this unavailing straggle sufficed-to con vinca Sleegoff that ;bis only safely was in flight, and ho has tened to-apt upon it. Nob readily did ho throw off the strange cliws which had made such ,bavoo in his flesh, but the strength of desperation at length enabled him to-break away from his frightful as sailant; and in another moment be was hastening at fall speed toward tho refuge bp bad so recently quitted. -The shock he gavcThis captive and his minions when, at the end of a terrible flight, hp burst into: their presonco, oannot easily bp! imagined. Ho looked more like some gdfy phantom of the brain than like k human being, bis whole countenance and figure streaming with blood 1 . CHAPTER XYH. The wild baste of Sleegoff bad been Such that bis breath and strength had Mt him. Ho was so exhausted that he could not at first articulate a single word in ex- his terror and of hie mangled ond bloody condition. * He has soon a ghost, murmured Mrs NMzer, turning pale and looking soared.. Helms encountered some of those out laws 1 of wfioni T wds speaking to biro,, its more likely, .declared Ilga, \ Qrowstcy did not say'a; word, bat took a light and examined his master. , The first thing lo to bind up r your wounds, , hd then said. Hold the light her?, rosoil, ho added, burning to one of the fcwa .ererfs who had been left, in bis charge. Fortunately,- h ave-som o"ti ot water, Mrs Nitzer! And some balsam for just such an occasion, added the old woman, as sho commenced rummaging io bor private stores. I was afraid I might get scratched in the woods, or that some of us might have a cub or a boil that would need doc toring. Give me your help, then, enjoined Growsky, earnestly. Here’s a job for vis that demands prompt action. It seemed indt-ed as if Sleegoff were about bo die on the spot. His eyes closed heavily, and his head reeled upon his shoulders, from the double exhaustion of his violent exertions and .his lo'S of blood. He most have a drop of braody, ejaculated Mrs Nitzer, who felc an instant need for herself of tho proposed remedy. Here it is. Perhaps it will give him a bit of strength. Growsky seized tho proffered bottle nervously and poured a liberal dram down the throat of the iatendant, who was now to all appearances entirely_uncooscious. And now to stop this bleeding, ejaculated Growsky, in a voice which attested how thoroughly scared ho had become. I never saw a man so torn io pieces. He set to work at once, assisted by Mrs Nitzer and the two serfs. Even liga could not refrain from lending a helping hand, such was the.compassion aroused in her by her enemy's terrible condition. Ho has not been shot or stabbed, mar* mured Mrs Nitzor, breaking the busy silence, as the task of binding up the wounds of the sufferer neared a conclusion. It seems to me that some wild boast has torn him. The eyes of Growsky had already lighted up with tho vividness of a keen comprehension. I know what sort of an enemy ho has had to deal with, he muttered. It is easy io seo by his injuries what he has on countered. In an instant all was curiosity on the part of the serfs and the two women. See ! he is coming to himself! cried Growsky, a few momenta later, ignoring tke questions with which his companions had plied him. Ho begins to know where be is. Such was indeed the fact, Sleegoff had opened his eyos, and was looking intelli' gently around. Another dram of brandy hastened his I restoration, and the light of consciousness appeared in his eyes. You are all right now, sir, said Grow sky, as he placed a pillow under the head of the ictendant. You have bad a narrow escape. I’ve lost a great deal of blood, I think, was Sleegoff’s first remark. Bub you have bound up my wounds, I see. Growsky assented. I shall soon be myself again, continued Sleegoff, stirring feebly and wondering at his weakness. Have you seen anything of tho man or devil who attacked mo? Not the least sign of him. Did you seo him ? Do you know who he was ? I haven't'the least idea, Growsky. But somebody or something truly horrible ! panted the sufferer. You-must have noticed how I was torn and mutilated. . Certiioly. That is the fix io which the M»n-Wolf always leaves his victims* ! The Man-Wolf, Growsky ? Yes, sir. You have been in tho claws of the terrible Man-Wolf! , You think sol I know it, sir, I have seen several of the victims of; that deadly creature, there is no mist iking his marks! You are the only person 1 have ever known to escape from his clutches alive. But I supposed the Man-Wolf to be a creature of the imagination, Growsky— a mere scarecrow of the serfs. Do you mean to tell rae that there is really such a being in existence ? It looks to me as if tho fact had been sufficiently proven to you, returned Orow sky, with a grave smile. You can believe just What I toll you, sir, when I say that you have been nnder the claws of the Man'Wo’f. I have seen his marks upon several occasions,and know them at eighty although this is the first occasion I have over seen them upon a living body ! Indeed? Then I have had a very nsriow escape. One far narrower than you imagine, de clared Growsky, gravely. I know of no one who has liad a good fortune equal to your own ! Bub who is the Man-Wolf, Growsky ! Wlmt sort of a creature? ' Just what tho name implies, sir—half' man and half wolf! A creature that) travels equally well upon two feet ornpon| all four*. A being in (ho form of man; who has all the instincts of a wolf. You! must have hoard more or loss about him ?! Certainly ; but I thought everything I. have heard: idle gabble, Besides, I have; not hoard of the creature’s being so near ! us. The different accounts all agreed! that his haunts were at some distance from ICamtness—a hundred versts or more to tbe northward. And so they have been, answered Grow sky, thoughtfully. I cannot account for bis.presence in this quarter, Jlj must have changed his hiding place—his fi Id of operations. Perhaps ho has been hunted out of his old haunts. But I have not heard the least hint to this effect from j any spuroe. i - The intonclant drew a long breatli of | relief. He had becn{ feeling of his limbs, j moving them one after ’another, and bad I taken a careful inventory of his strength [and feelings, | I am very weak, he muttered, with tho loss, of all-that blood, but I shall be all ; righb again in a , day or two. No vital ■part is affected. Those scratches and outs ’are on the’ surface, Perhaps you feel well enough, sug gested Growsky, to tell us first how the thing happened, ' The intendonb readily complied. The effect of!thfl narration was to produce a general feeling of wonder at bis escape and an equally general sense of uneosi ness. ■ If such a creature os that is prowling about the woods, spoke up Mrs Nitzor, promptly, when Sleegoff had finished, I don’t wish to stay here, , You will probably do as you are’ told, answered tho intehdant, testily, ; One thing is certain, said Ilga, in a tone that was decidedly ironio.il, your re sidence .in the" woods has not opened very auspiciously for your interests, and wishes! Perhaps not, but you: must remember tho old proverb : A hod beginning makes a good ending. As to tlm infernal boast I have encountered, a-ball or two rightly placed would put him.out of the way for ever. Here there was a pause in. the conver sation, AU present wore evidently re viewing the past and indulging in specu lations about tho future. ' In any case I shall not sot out again for Knminoss until daylight, said jSlcogoff, ipusihgly, And' thing! we can all do is to,do vote tho remainder of the night to slumber, This proved to be the general sentl* mqnt. The doors were at ondo 'scoured ’with extra and the entire building was sp.on wrapped in the silence of repose. The intendant himself was,the first oue stirring in the morning. 'He was up with the first beams of th * new day, and was so full of joy at the sta’e in which he found himself that the whole household was promptly awakened by his movements and ejaculations. He was sore and’ stiff, of course, fiom his toad to his heels, but such was the vigor of his constitution, ns coupled with the oftbacy of Mrs Nitzor’s renowned babara, thxthofelt nearly as strong as ever, Itomounts to this, that I have had a •good bleeding, wap hia comment upon thv situation, after Growsky had greeted him with polite inquiries concerning his state, X shall bo myself again, no doubt, in the course of the morning, and as so in-as I have stirred about enough to lake away the soreness and stiffness. Will you go to town, then, to-day ? Certainly. I shall start as soon ns Mrs Nilzcr has given me a bite of breakfast. I have no intention!, of course, of making the whole jonrney on foo», but shall avail rayarlf of the fi.*st peasant’s sledge I on counter. . It was in this view that the intendant turned his back upon the .shooting box, a quarter of an hour later, and stb his face toward the destination . mentioned. Growsky accompanied him a short dis tance, receiving his orders and enlighten ing him with sundry suggestions. The progress of the traveller was at first slow, but long before he had reached the scene of his terrible battle he was so much war.med to his work as to step off at a brisk pace. Beyond a few broken bushes and some patches of blood stains upon the violently trampled snow, there was noth ing to remind him of the late struggle. Continuing his course, he was soon at the spot whore the dead woman had been eaten by wolves, and here ha found a couple of serfs, with a horse and sledge, who had just gathered a portion of the dead woman’s bones in a bag improvised from one of their cloaks. You are the very men I wished to see, said Sloegoff, as he returned the profound saluta the serfs gave him, I want you to take me to Kamiac-ss. There was not the least hesitation. The two men knew the intendant, and felt sure of a fine reward for their com pliance. He had no sooner bestowed him self in the sledge than he was spirited away swiftly in the desired direction. In the meantime Growsky was even more busy than his master. No sooner had he returned to the shooting box, after seeing the intendant well started on his journey, than ho bolted and barred the doors more strongly than ever. I am not more than half pleased with our prospects, be muttered. It seems to mo that we may have a disagreeable visit at any moment 1 I am glad your situation is not to bo o sinecure, returned Ilga, as meekly as sh*- hod spoken to Sleegoff. And as to the visit you fear from tin Man-Wolf, pen haps the creature is no more to be dreaded than you or your maifcer ! May I go to sleep? asked Mrs NHzor, Certainly—and all the rest with you, returned Growsky, I intend ta watch during the next few hours, for I have an idea that something is going to happen ! The interior of the shooting box was soon a scene of profound quiet. None of its occupants had slept more than n hour or two daring the night, and hence all of them were glad to supplement their broken rest with a good nap during the morning Elven Growsky’ could not resist the combined influence of bis fatigue and the general example, but dropped off into a profound slumber. He was awakened by a scream from Ilga, and a shriek from Mrs Nitzer. As he started to his feet, grasping his revol ver, the door was violently shaken. Somebody is there! cried the old woman. The Man-Wolf, I think ! exclaimed Il"a. I saw his head through a crack in the shutter ! Growsky at once stepped to the nearest window, opening tha shutter and looking out. You are right! he muttered, recoiling abruptly. The Man-Wolf is on the steps ! The effect of this announcement was varied. Mrs Nifzer covered her head with the blankets she had previously wrapped around her. The two serfs so>’zed their rifles and sprang to a defen sive attitude. Ilga rose quietly to her feet, and stole noiselessly towards the window, In that same instant, however, and before either Growsky or herself bad fairly reached the opening, it was darkened by the object of their startled attonfon 1 Fire upon him ! commanded Growsky, addressing the two serfs, us he drew Ilga’; to one side. The order was obeyed with the nervous haste of trepidation, and the strange figure dropped out of sight beneath the; window; but a glance assured the', observers that no harm had been done to him You Bee? whispered Growsky, as he set the example of looking from the window. There is the monster—‘here ! It is next to impossib o to do justice to the description of the creature which had thus intruded upon the gaze of the party. It was a creature, as they had under stood, that. scorned half wolf and half human. . j It had paused near the entrance of the {shooting, box, and was watching and. .listening with a strange fierceness of manner. II beard was shaggy, its hair long and malted, its tooth like fangs, and its eyes wild and pieroit g. It was clad in furs, jit kept changing its position constantly, {being now erect, and now upon all fours, Give it another shot, boys, ordered Growsky, as ho threw open the door, Tho order was obeyed, but not quickly enough to do any harm. A fow swift lopes brought the intruder to the edge of one of the thickets adjacent to tho shoot ing bqx; and into, this-he vanished, ap parently injured. An. ejaculation from Ilga recalled Qrowsk/s gaze to the interior of tho house. Mrs Nitz r had caught a glimpse of the retreating monster and had fainted. An encouraging prospect for us all, muttered Qrowskv, with a heavy shadow upon,bisJbrow. I think it foolish to re main hero! The two serfs wore of the same opinion. As to Mrs N bzrr, who was now re called to her senses, she declared that she would sooner die than remain at tho shott ing box another night. You have no vipws to express, I sup pose? queried Growsky, turning to flga. Nob the least, word. .You , may select your own .prisons. . Growsky closed and looked tho door, and took several turns In tho apartment in silence. To have judged by the ox pression of his countenance,, an observer would have said that q strong temptation had come-upon him. There was a singular gleam in his eyes. Don’t you smell something burning ? suddo ly asked one of tho two serfs, snuff ing and looking around hurriedly. Yos,. t do, answered Mrs Nitzer, scrambling hurriedly to her feet, The house is afiro ! Growslcy saw that smoko was already coming through (he crevices at one side of the floor.. It is even, so, he cried. The M.m-Wolf is smoking us out! And not a drop of water is to bo had ! It was in Wain that sundry frantic efforts were hndu (o extinguish the (limes. Within five minute? the whole edifice was enveloped as.in a fan-ao"*. Its occupants had barely,time t? save themselves and the bulk of. th'dr effects. And n.'tf what is to become of us ? asked Mrs N’tz-T, as she groaned and wrung h&f; hands. I know where thero is a safe shelter for ua, ahlrwtfed Grow*ky, thoughtfully, and will lead'the way lh u ro immediat ly. What wo shall do afterward-*, remains to bo seen ! Turning his bock upon the blazing ruins of tho shooting box, ho plunged ioto tlie adjacent wood*, at the head of his com panions in misfortune, without hearing (ho hyena-like l *ugh that resounded from a neighboring covert, and without seeing tho wild eyes which were watching his every movement CHAPTER XVTXL Along the rude path hurried Irmalc Ilson, his face half-hidden beneath his fur cap, but such of his features as were visible—espei.iilly his eyes;—announced a keen wa-ohfulncsB and a daring oou'nge. Three days more will bring mo to Ilga, waa his thought. How glad and as tonished she will be to see me. His steps quickened involuntarily at the thought of tho reception awaiting him. Not so fast, Irmak, colled Count Flatten, who, with Dr Hanneraann, was following our hero as closely as possible. At that rate of speed you will soo i leave us out of sight and haring behind you. Det us hope that your zeal argues favor ably for the result of our expedition. Thus abjured,- Irmak slackened his pace, allowing tho two men to overtake him. If you find tho Man- Wolf, Irmak, said the count, your fortune is made. I mean, of course, if we secure the bc-st, either living or dead- In that case I will make you a freeman ! That is a great deal to say, sir, com mented our h-'ro, with a profound sigh, ns he remembered .what a terrific weight of ofticial lightning was waiting to strike him. Rest assured that I shall count upon your good offices in tho future,' even ns you may count upon mine in the pre sent- Here ho sighed again. Ho had too much sense not to perceive how difficult it would be for even Count Flatten to clear him Lora the legal penalties he had en countered- You are gloomy, it seems to me, Irmak, resumed the count, after contemplating the countenance of the young serf several minutes in silence. Do I look so, sir? returned Irmak, evasively. X am C'rtainly very anxious about tho result of this expedition. With out detaining you w bVnoedleis details, I ■nay say, in general terms, that I have spent neatly a week in tho moantiin solitudes between here and Kaminess, and in this time I have made n discovery that seems to concern you most closely. In a word, I have not only found the den of the Man-Wolf, but have passed a night and a day in it. Tho satisfaction given to the two votaries of science by this declaration was intense. "Little mortvwas said until the trio had reached their ’destination, which was only aftor a long and fatiguing tramp intJ one of tho wildest and strangest wildernesses they had ever traversed- Here is the spot, announc d Itnrnk, ns he came to a half at the base of a frown ing precipice. As you can see at a glance, tho abode of the Man Wolf is an under ground cavern. It was with a gro-it deal of caution Chat an entrance into the dim recess be fore them was finally effected. It proved to ho an aperture in tho solid rock nearly as largo as an ordinary dwelling. There was a crevice in one corner that had been used as a firo-placa, as was shown by tho thick soot with which the adjacent wills wore blackened. In the corner opposite were various bushes and weeds which had oviden'ly boon used as a bed. In the ashes on (ho floor were many half-con sumed bones. But no sign of late occu pancy was anywhere visible No fire had recently been kindled. No one has been boro since my late viflt, snd Irmak, after bo bad carefully examined (ho floor of the cavern, with the aid of a pine knot ho had lighted. I sprinkled a thin layer ot ashes across tho entrance before leaving tho plae n , tho other day, and I see thero is nob the least foot print of any kind in them. It seems,'then, that the Man Wolf has emigrated, commented Gaunt Flatten, with looks of regret. Wo are having our labor for our pains. Its dispiriting, to bo sure, returned Dr Mannomann, bub it is something to be where the creature bin evidently lately been. This is a step nearer to success in our hunt, my dear Count, than we have before taken; That’s so, said the count, brightening, Aftor nil, there is no occasion to despair —uo call to abandon tho search. This discovery merely confirms tho opinion of those hunters wo mot yesterday, who de clared that tho Man-Wolf has lately taken himself ofl'in the direction of Kami* ness, and has oven been seen at no great distance from that city J It must be that thero is something in all wo have ' hoard" to that effect, ob served Dr Hnnnomann, thoughtful y. Suppose wo turn our stops ia that direc tion ? Tho very thiug I was about to suggest, said the count. It is essential ferns to go homo immediately, if wo would orga nise a suitable expedition, and what bettor can wo do than to hunt by the way 1 .What is your opinion, Irmalc ? Our hero would have boon glad to spring upon tho first horse ho could find aud fly at full speed to Kaminoss, but ho was not insensible to tho advantages ho was likely to dorivo from remaining with the count and Mannomann. I think wo had bvt’o* make our way as rapidly as possible towards Kaminoss, ho hastened to reply. That is to soy, ns fast as wo can journey without losing sight of tho object in viow—tho -finding of tho Man-Wolf, said Mannomann. Suppose wo go back to tho inn and make our arrangements for a proqrptdeparture? Tho .sooner tho better, answered the count, and ho led tho wajrnt onoo from tho cavern. It was not far from noon when tho trio took leave of Cohort and hla inn, and took their way by tho most direct route to the southward, Irmak driving tho sledge,, and tho twoyoong raenetowod awaysnugly in tho interior of tho vehicle. Tho fact was nob particularly remarked by the count but (hoyoung serf had wrapped himself up 'in such a way that (ho most hawk eyed of tho officials along the* route would nob havo' boon able to detect his identity.. Wo mast inquire every hour or two, said tho count, of any persons we may chance to moot by tho way, as to whether ho Man-Wolf has been seen in tho vicinity. And at the first hint of getting track of tho beost, we must take to the woods. Tho young physician approved of this programme, nnd for two days the couple acted upon it, steadily pursuing their course toword Kaminess. At tho end of that time they fell in with a serf, half hunter and half-forester, who had en countered tlio Min-Wolf—or ra*her seen him from.a distance—-not two weeks be fore. This man oven offered to guide tho eager inquiries to the wilderness in which the terrible destroyer was believed to have taken refuge. Tho renewed hope with which those favoring circumstances inspired the couple can be imagined. The remainder of the day Was spent under tho lead of the hunter in looking for tho Man« Wolf, bub without definite result, other than to inspire the count with u resolve to visit In’s estate immedi atoly, and there make arrangements for a hunt more in accordance with the magni tude nnd importance of its objects. So fixed was he in this purpose, in fact, that ho resolved to push on twenty or thirty versts the same evening, with a view to reaching bis destination upon tho follow ing morning. Irmak was ghd of this resolve. Ho preferred to journey in the darkness, now that ho was so near to the scene of his late exploits. Do you know that one of tho loungers back there at the inn was telling me a curioib story about you, Irmak ? asked the count, when tho journey had been fairly entered upon. Indeed, sir ? returned our hero, as his heart seemed to leap to bis throat. What sort of a story '{ Why, he says that you have lately had a great quarrel and killed half a dozen men, and that you have been sentenced to Siberia for life—in a word, that you are one of the worst outlaws in existence, and that you mads your escape at the time the Grand Duke Constantine took French leave of hia captors the other day. Bless mo! tho fellow made tho case look so plausible that I gave him a rouble lo keep quiet until after our departure. But wbat troth is there in his story ? I will tell you, most noble Count, re plied our hero, as soon as we reach the end of our journey. Tho story is too long for me to undertake to tell it under present disadvantages. The count nodded assent to tho pro posal, and for a long time not another word was uttered by any of tho party. You ought to know the country well hereabouts, Irmak, at last observed tho count. Are wo nob approaching my shoot ing-box ? Of course, sir, but we are still at a con siderable distance from it. Too far away to roach it to-night? Yes, sir. It must lie at least twenty or thirty versts from us. Its a rude night for a bivouac, said the young physician, I hope we shall find convenient shelter. Have m fear, sir, in regard to that, re turned Irmak, with singularly pre occupied air. I know whore there is a substantial dwelling, and will undertake to bring you safely to it in the course of an hour. At about the end of tho period named the young serf drew rein in tho midst of one of the gloomiest solitudes they had 'ever seen. Here is tho house I referred to, be announced, as ho leaped to tho ground and knocked upon tho door. I was hero no longer ago than last summer, and a very pleasant man I found the owner. The count and Hannemann alighted, looking inquiringly around them. It seems to me that I have never been here before, said the former. Are wo not upon some obscure cross road, Irmak ? Yes, sir! Knock again, and louder. It must bo that the occupants are asleep— : and its no wonder, considering tho lateness of tho hour. Repeated knockings having failed to elicit any response, Irai ik pushed open the door and entered. Tho place smells like a wolf den, muttered Count Flatten, snuffing, as ho followed tho young serf. Before adventur ing ourselves far in such an atmosphere, I shall demand that a little light be thrown upon tbo soone- I have a torch, sir, said Irmak, and will light it in a moment. The light of tho torch was no sooner flashed upon the scone, than the count , sent a long and searching glance around him. \ The place looks nearly as badly as it smells, bo muttered. Yonder is a pile of bushes and skins which have evidently been used as a bed. Tho house has evi dently been occupied lately, although I saw no footsteps except our own' upon the steps, In any case, wo can make ourselves comfortable here until morning, said Hannemann, All wo need is -lire and -dud ter, and these are at our disp sal. Irmak conducted tbo horses to a little shed adjoining the house,and then returned to tho count and tho young physician,who had already kindled a largo firo upon the rudo hearth, and were helping themselves to sundry refreshments they had procured ac tho’last inn. And now for your story, Irmak, said tho count, disguising his curious interest under an assumed carelessness of manner. Are you really the outlaw you are painted? You shall eooo judge for yourself, sir, returned Irmak, gloomily. With this, ho proceeded lo relate all that had happened—his lovo tor Ilga, their mutual persecutions by Sloogoff, tho war he had waged, the sonlonco ho had received, his escape from his guardians, ■and all his subsequent adventures. And now that you know all, sir, ho concluded, what do you think of mo? I can only wonder that you still exist, nnsworod tho count, in a cold, stern voice. I cannot understand by what jugglery Sloogoff managed to savo you. You ought lo havo boon shot—and tho girl with you. I only protected myself from wrong, sir, protested tho youth, earnestly. And what right have. you to protect yourself? retorted tho count, sternly* And who made you a judge of right and wrong? Aro you anything but a clod? Is your lovo of any more consequence than tho love of a mule ? Tho host thing you can do—for I have had enough of your services, of course—is to deliver yourself up to tho nearest military post. But will you not speak a good word for mo, most noble Oount? Will you not givo rao a letter of protection—a pass port—assistance of any kind—that will bake Ilga and myself over the border ? I ? sneered the obunt, I’d sooner see you knouted to death. To prevent you from any atop of that kind, I shall havo to seize and bind you. In tho morning yoy must be delivered up to punishment. | And as lo tho girl— Tho sentence was never finished, In the desperation of tho moment, Irmakdid not hesitate an instant to take the offensive in tho impending struggle. A blow from a heavy billot of wood sufficed to render each of his enemies powerless, and ho hastened to bind them ns socuroly as they would havo bound him in case of their victory. And now let mo recommend you both bo strict silence, observed our hero quietly, when both had recovered their consciousness. I am going to be very boey to-morrow, and must have the balance of the night for a very much needed slum t&r.; Closing and barring tho door of the cabin, ho replenished tho fire, wrapped himself up warmly and placed himself side it, and was almost immediately oblivious to all around him. Ho was awakened at last by the voices of his prisoners, but a new day had now fully broken around bim, and he was greatly rested from the fatigue of his long and arduous exertions. I must have a pass from yon, Count Flatten, said he, as he produced ink, paper and a pen—all brought from the inn be fore mentioned. Write jast what I shall dictate bo you, and be prompt. Tho document was soon written and signed. And now a long adieu to you, said Irmak, after he had gagged the two men and bound them still more tightly, 1 will send relief to you in time—before I make my escape over the border. And with this he left them, throwing himself into tho sledge in which they had been journeying, and dashed away at full speed. CHAPTER XIX. For several minutes after the depart ure of Irmak, Count Flatten and Dr. Hannom.inn stared fixedly at the door by which he had vanished. Their gaga pre vented them from speaking, of coarse, but no words could have been more eloquent than their glances. Despair, horror and wonder, all looked from tho troubled depths of their oyes. Profound and dismal was the silence that succeeded the echoes of our hero’s movements, as they gradually died out of tho hearing of the two fugitives. Per haps neither of (ho two men had ever before realised the solemn stillness of a groat forest. The very dumbness that reigned around them grew quickly to be an oppression, forcing them to action, as little as was tho action permitted them, and as vain as seemed their every pos sible effort. Looking the terror and desperation he felt, Count Flatten struggled with his bonds like a madman, rolling over and over upon tho floor of the hub in the frantic convulsions of the. effort. How vain was tho proceeding ! The cords encircling his wrists and limbs seemed to cut to the bone under the awful pressure he put into them, and at the end .of his desperate attempt to break them, when he paused exhausted and gasping, he realised that they encom pis?od him more closely than ever. By his violent turns upon the floor, however, he had loosened tho gug in his mouth, forcing ofl from its extremity one of the ropes by which it was held in place, and from this moment forward he was ablo to give utterance to sound? ap proaching very closely to speech. En couraged by this circumstance, he re newed his desperate efforts, and as soon as he bad rested, devoting them especially to the further loosening of this painful ima pediment to bis speech, and at the end of a struggle to which ho could have been inspired only by such a mortal terror as now oppressed him, ho was enabled to rid himself of the gag altogether. The ejaculation of joy which burst from him at that result is simply indescribable, it was so expressive of relief and new-born hope. That is a great victory, he panted. I can now call for assistance, He gathered all his reraaininiog strength for the struggle, and then burst forth in wild appeals for aid that seemed to jar tho whole hut, and echoed far and near in tho surrounding forest. Ho did not pauso in his prolonged and startling appeal until his throat and lungs had actually refused their office. Heaven grant that some one may have heard me ! he then panted. Any man— oven a deadly enemy—conld hardly fail to befriend me in such an awful ex tremity ! The only way in which Dr Mannomann could respond to tho efloits or remarks of Ins companion in misfortune was by mov ing him-elf upon tho floor as much as the’ straitness of his bonds permitted. Tho count comprehended that the young physician was expressing his conviction of (ho uselessness of all those appeals for aid, and, at the same time, invoking bis good offices. But how can I-help you ? queried tho count, in response appeal, I am still as dose a prisoner as ever! Dr Hannomanu uttered some mumbling aud incoherent sounds which tho hoaror accepted as a reply. True, I have ray teeth, admitted the. count, rending upon tho young physician’s face the id«n he hid tri-d to express by those incoherent murmurs. And a good pair of teeth are not to bo despised in untying ropes and gnawing knots, if Iceu only havo time to use them ! Ho rolled over two or three limes upon the floor, thus bringing himself alongside of Dr Hanneramn,‘"whoso face had brightened intensely, and at onco sot him* self to taring the bonds of his fellow’ prisoner with his teeth. If lean get that gag loose, ho rant te.red, when his fatigue caused him to desist a few moments from his task, wo cm at least advise with each other as to our perils and prospects. With such inducements as tho occasion afforded bim, it was no wonder that his efforts wore of too vigorous a oharne’er to be long resisted, even by such work as Irmak had left behind him. A portion of tho cords that held the gag in place were soon gnawed asunder, and tho re mainder so far loosened and stretched as to admit of their being drawn beneath the prisoner’s ohin, thus restoring his mouth to i’s freedom The cry with which Mannomann greeted this result had no semblance to anything human, it being a strange compound of roar and ydl. For a few moments the two mou lay panting and motionless—tho ono ex hausted with his efforts and the other too full of a wild and savage delight for utter ance. All is not yet lost, then murmured Hannemann. With our mouths at liberty, we are certainly on tho high road to {roe dom. That’s clear enough, returned tho count. As soon as I have recovered my strength, I will call again for assistance. There’s no use of yelling, declared the young physioian, quickly. Don’t forget that we are in the midst of ft groat forest, in tho middle of winter—in a spot where not a single human being will show him self for tho next throe months ! The features of Count Flatten paled at tho vividness with which ho realised tho truth of those declarations- I believe wo shall got clear in duo coarse, lie deck-ed, I do nob doubt that Irmak w.ll s-tnd os relief within a day or two. as he promised. You put more faith in him then, than I do, returned Hannemann, snceringly. My opinion is that tho young desperado will havn trouble enough in looking after his own affairs without charging himself with ours. If ho goes near Kaminoss, as intended, he can hardly fail to be seen and recognized by some of the many hundreds of persons who have heard of his escape and will I n on the lookout for him. (to RK COSTIn’UKD.) 