LOCAL AND DISTRICT. B.D. Aunt OLTCBAL . Society. Tlie_ next usual monthly meeting of the coinmittcc of the &D.A.H;, and I. Society, will take place at the Iloval HoteViMosa Vale, on Saturday afternoon noxt, at 3 p.m. l . . ? - 4 . Tho following paragraph fronj PoULTEt SnOW, the Australian Fa»citr for tho j curreAt month will bo read with much pleaiflra, auJ satisfaction by all con csrned :— Tue: Berrfma District A. H. and I, Soeiety hold' their So^rth Annual Spring Ponitry, 1'lgeon, and Dog. Show, .on the eoofety'o gronnd, Mobs Vale, on Weduesday, 10th Soptombcr, 18Ut-. The wholo of ih^.' arrangement o woro up,ta-datc, the blrda baing pehned the day previous, and tho tlionfts of . fiBoiers otc due to tho couriooua ami obliging eiorctary. Mr. Jamca Yeo, and bin com mittee. Tho ttagin'g was all thatcould bo desired, tho building containing; tho exhibits roomy and -well 'lighted, and the pens wero littered with straw; in fact everything appertaining to tho biida* comfort being ttixjiqd. The judfiiuc was entrusted to Mr; A. J. Coroptoo. who adjudicated on Malays, Indian Gamo, liritich onil Auatrnlian Game, and Bantams j Mr.. Walter Hope toeing tho rest of tho classes. - Tho entries m poultry num bered 352, pigeono 31, doga'29 ; Mr. U. Cudeli handling tho two latter Gcctiona. Much intorcct was attaohed to thia Show, tho meilaio (silver nud brouzo) of tho Eupliali Poultry Club being for open competition, tho fortunato winners bciug Mr. H. M. Hamilton, who cccurcd tho nilver medal with n magniQeont Andaluoian lieu, Mr. J. Mclntoah eceuringtho bronzo tncdnl with hio wall / inoivn British biack-rcn lien. Tho attcndanco v/c-j c.itic factory, tho cardn \rcro uttochcd to pena od qu!c!:ly as judqed, and tho whole show iiaoacd o& without; a hitch, and wo heard no grumbling nt the owardo. Tho bootho and gato money, in Myha Vale, comjcatiou with tlio racca, to bo at public auction on Saturday Inst by Mr, J. T Haytcr. Mr. C. h. Inflate bought tho publiean'a booth for £7 ICo Oil, Mr. J. Graham tho rcf'esli. mcnt booth for £1 17a Ud. and Mr. Q. V/, Messa the gatea for £12. Mr, Ingato bougiit tho ripbt to sell raco carda for 53. Tiiero to to bo a oouccrt and sooial in conucotion with tho tannin club at night, when tho Myra Vnlc frionda aro to havo au opportunity of heating oomo Sydnoy. musicians; i: Jho Wctleyon Sunday School celebrated their annual picnic on Ui^jt-liour day, - though warui, ; tho day was quito cnjoyablo snd thoro was a good I muotcr of friends to enjoy .the good things pro i vided by tho ladies to satisfy theoroaturecom^rto. | Tho superintendent minister, Rev. W. G | Willard with Mrs. (VilUrd was; present and pro | eonted the prizes in tho afternoon to tho successful | pupils.' A good feature in awarding prizes adopted Ly the superintendent is that attendance gains n better prize than any other mark. No matter Lwhat age the child may bo the numbar of Sundays pte^nt is the test,. As each ntige wes /fvw out l a wordOfcClumcndation W»s»poksn bj J*-uaigiBt«r. I At dinner tiw» tie ebildren and friends sat dovT* to alfast of. good thiooi, provided bv Meidamra Johnson. J. Walsh, wA(ns, M«Collom. \V«H,'e /Misses Graham, McKentle, Mis. O. P. StL Varfoiii games were indulged in and «1| wwewe!3 themselves plased with the days' proceeding. In conpeetion wUh tho prlje. it may be mentioned jthat; Alice Mumbertoii obtained 1st priso for 4° Sundays present oat of 52, Annio lloulo bcitic aecond op tho girls; »id#i James Walsh obtained first pnzo on the boyt with 89 Sundays. ? The Mosa Vale Lawn Tennis Lawn Tesms. Club bad a very successful afternoon last Saturday the occasion being the opening of the 1806-7 season. The olub hie recently lmd a largo accession to its membership and the coming season promises to be as successful as aiy previous onn. The hosteses no Saturday tost wero Mrs, N. if. Thrushy. Mrs. Kverard Row, Mrs. Christopher Bounutr, Mrs. Forrest and Mrs, Stovcnson. Tho Urge number of vUitors had occtsion to feel that thev liad. been wel) looked after when: the afternoon had pasted away. Although the ^occasion . was largely of a snolal charaoter great intcieat was manifested in the match that was played against a_ team from Bonn], the complete scores ol which wo givc^ below. In iiildillon to. those already uamed tho fallowing were present:— Hon. R, K. and Mr®. O'Connor, Mrs. McKehiie, Mm,'. McLean, Mrs. Jones, Dr. and Mr*. T. C, Fisher, Dr. and Mrs. Samuelson, Dr. wid Mr*, Stevenson, Mr. and Mrs. N. H. Thwhy. Mr. aud Mrs. Ereranl Ra, Rev. J.P. PrtadvraaM, Rev. M. Rohan, Mr. Nichol»on, Mr. C. A. Walker, Mr. BivjmficM, Mr. Wirkham, Mis. CstnpVll, MHs Wallace, Misa Reed, Mrs: B. A. RioaiSeM. Rev. G H. Maty, Mr. H. Jones, Mr. N. BStHwy, Mn. W. Mortice, Miss 31. Mor ttct, Mm RtettMdson, Mi» B, Buckland, Mr. and Mrs. O. Cart-r. Mt» Carter. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Thwsfcy, Miaa Jack sou, Mr. and. Mrs. Gavin l^eus*. MissTarrant, Misa 'Allieon, MiasMeymott. Mrs. Bymick, Misa Oxley, Mr. and Mrs. Wil. ?Kin, Xltss Loveridge, Misa Hope Osborna^il i«s A. Oitxvne. Mrs. Armstrong, Mre. John Badeory, Mrs. D. Backwell* Miss Jones, Mrs. Edwards, Mr. 0. Tarrant, Mr. .Caldwell, Mr. Klang, and many others. - -5 . ' ? Bowbal. Moss Vale, . Garling and Miss Jones t. Davis and Miss Oxley, 6-4. 6 0. ; - . Wellford and Miss Ryder, t. Dymock and Miss Meymott, 1-6, 6-3.' ' ^ ' C - , Arguimban and Miss Osborne v. Morrico and MisaNicholson, S-3, 6-4. ' ? Hamilton and Mrs. A. Jones v. Throsby and Misa Morrice, 6-0, 5-6. Garling ami Miss Jones, v. Morrice and Miss Nicholson. 6-2, 4-6. ? Argnimbau and Misa Osborne v. Dymook and Miss Meymott,'6'3, 6-2. Garling and Hamilton v. Dymock aud Davis, 6-2, 2-6. Argaimban and Wellford v. Throsby and Mor rice, 2-6, 3-6. Misses Ryder and Jones v. Misses Morrice and Oxley, 6-3, 6-2. Misses Onborne and Jones v. Misses Nicholson and Meymatt, 6 1, 6-3. Miss Osborne v. Mi«s 0xley, 6 4. Miss A. Jenes v. Miss Morrico, 6 o. .: Arguimluuv. Djvis, 6-3. . Garling v. Throsby, 6-3. Bowral winning by 42 games. . ' Fridav last was court dav ot BoWbal. ' Bownl but there was nothing to inveatigato— not even a potty debts case. ; ' The ghost hearing that- thq; police wcro on his tracks has very soiisibly^ given over prowling about Station-street in Sowing white robes. He n as very nearly being 'copped and now ho hasn't ' a ghost of a show.' The usual fortnightly meeting of the Berrima District Hospital committee was hold on Friday afternoon when there were present, Mr. Gavin George (in the ohnir), and Messrs. H. B. Linthorn, J. Piggott, J. W. Grovenor, T. C- Brown, Dr. Armstrong, and tho Rev. Father Prendcrrast, j An application by tho matron for a wceu'o leave of nbBcnce wao firanted on tho motion of Dr. Ann strong, seconded by Mr. Grovenor. A formal jommunication waa read from tho Chief Secrotary'o jffico intimating that the list o£ privcto contribu tions to the amount of £03 15a cant by the cccrctary iad becn forwardeii to tho Colonial Trc^urer with \ view to having the Government cub-.-d'' r/^ded thoreto and placed to tho credit of tho treasurer of tho honpital. A letter was received from Mr. McCourt in wlueh ho ntatod that ho had succeeded | in inducing Mr. BrunUer to placo £103 on the oup plementary cotimatea ao a opecial grant to the hospital, Mr. P. R. Wilshiro wroto resigning hio position aa Vice-president in consequence of his having left tho district. Tho resignation, oa tho motion of Mr. Linthorn, seconded by Mr, Piggott, was accepted with . regret, tho cccrotary being instructed to writo 'to.- ilr. Wilabiro to that effect. Mr. W. McCourt wao olectod vice-presidout in Mr. Wilshiro'e stead on the motion of tho Rov. Father Prondergaat seconded by Mr. Linthorn. Tho usual reports wcro dealt with and arising Ont of tt)o vleitiog committee's report it was resolved on the motion of tho Rev. Father Pronder gast, secoudod by Mr. tiroveribr, that memboro of tho committco present be requested to duw up a report upon the whole question of the crcetion of an operation ward. Messrs. Gavin Geoigo and John Piggott wero cleotod a visiting committee for tho month and accounts amounting to £25 18a Did woro passed for payij)ei)t. Tho attention of pur readers is drawn to an announcement in another cplutnn by Goorgo Bar rett and Co. Thin well-known firm of aijctiqrjecra has boon in business iu Bowral for cevcrul years past and c .n he thoroughly rolied npon. They conduct outdoor sales in any part of the Berrima district and all ordero ontrunted to their care reccivc prompt c.Uci.ticn. Thoso thinking of furnishing would do well to giro thorn a call and iijEpGot the varied stock of furnituro usually to be seen thorp. An interesting orici.cet i;;atc(i if-ao piayod at Bov/ral on Saturday between teanio rcprcapnting tho Burrawang C.C. and tho Bowral Association O.C. It resutted in o comfortable v/in for Bowral. i TliP scores wcro : — Burrawong, S. Hoyter b J. Gnfbths 11, H. Mackie b J. Griffiths 20, W. Whatman b Whito 7, W. Swan 2, J. Bresnahan 10, J. Haytei- (rup oijt) 10, H.. Rudgo 6, A. Porker 0, R. Wiloy ;J, A. AndPFOQR pot out 5, G. Savoll 2. eundrico 14. total 111. Bov/ral, F. Copo 20, E. Grifiitho 15, J. Hall (not out) 61, J. Griffiths'?, W. ISourkc 2, J . Huggett 0, L. Comer 3, B. Pidcook 7, J. W. Grovonor 4, J, Whito not out 3, sundries 11, total for oight wickets 120. Wo learn ,that arrangements Bbrrika. havo boon mado to givo a con cert on Friday evening, 23rd lust, in aid of the prize fundo. The porformancc, excepting tv;o itpina by tho lady teachers will bo cutitely rendered by tjjo J^errima public oehool children. Tho pogrammo wiii inclndp the ' Arbor Day Cantata,' introducing d beautiful floral march color and rainbow dance, polo danco, by the girls. Physical exorcises by tho boyo, and a special item will bo contributed by tho infants, which will, wo aio mformct!, bo v/oli worth seeing. With c, view of cccunng a good attcndanco tho entertain ment hao bc.'n arranged for t}jo night following tiio full moon, and vi.'iitoro from o distapep will bo carved with light refreshments at tho closo of tho entertainment; Further particulars will appear in afuturoisouc. 