MALDON AND BARINGHUP SHOW IMPORTANT SPEECH BY SIR JOHN M'INTYRE. (PROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) MALDON, 21st October. The 30th annual show of this society was held to-day. The weather was all that could be desired, and the attendance was better than on any previous occasion, over £82 being taken at the gates. The principal prizes were awarded as follow :-Draught entire-J. John stone, Shelbourne. Two-year-old colt-Thos_ Brown, Woodstock. Yearling colt-T. O'Keef.6, Baringhup. Dry mare-J. M'Lay, Joyce's Creek. Blood mare-Thos. Brown, Woodstock. Pair plough horses-T. Brown, Woodstock. Four horse team-H. Niven. Bull, any age D. James, Kooroocheong. Two-year-old bull J. Williams, Carisbrook. Two-year-old heifer -D. James, Kooroocheong. Fat cattle-D. James. Merino ram and ewe-S. Clarke, Campbelltown. Long-wool ram and ewe-R. Harse, Carisbrook. In pigs D. Stewart, Learmonth, took all the prizes. In poultry, Franklin Bros, and K. Hanbury took the principal prize.?. Butter-Silas Bull, Kooroocheong. Cheese - P. Dennis, Baringhup. Bacon-W. Kaye, Baringhup. Ham-L. Hughes, Maldon. Factory butter Roberts and Parry, Franklinford. Dried fruits -A. Gaasch, Harcourt. Wines—Schroeder, 1 ; Woodbrook, two firsts and one second. Beer — Marks and Co., 1 ; Standard Brewery, 2. Collection of fruit-W. Symes. Oranges and lemons- W. Adams, Maldon. In horticulture, the plants exhibited by Mr. T. Vivian took nearly all the prizes. Wheat and oats-Roberts and Parry. Vegetables-Lee Kim, Castle maine. Trotting-J. Myring, Guildford. High jump-T. Lillie, Baringhup. The prizes for buggies were distributed pretty evenly be tween Messrs. W. R. Williams, "Castlemaine, and Harling and Son, Maryborough. Mr. Wil liams also exhibited a well-finished hearse,made for Mr. G. Rav, Maldon. There not being suffi cient entries, the wood chopping contest fell through. The guessing for the weight of a fat bullock was won by A. M'Lay, Baringhup, who guessed the exact weight, 1,3791b. Dogs : Cattle-D. James, Kooroocheong: Greyhound -A. M'Nabb, Newstead. Irish setter-L. Langslow, Castlemaine. English setter-R. D. Oswald, Maldon. Gordon setter-F.Baker, Mal don. St. Bernard-T. Elliott, Maryborough. Pointer-W. Heron, Castlemaine. Fox terrier P. Best, Campbell's Creek. Cocker spaniel-T. Calder, Maldon. Retriever-R. Chisholm, Baringhup. Newfoundland-J. Odgers, Castle maine. Implements : Five-furrow plough-J. Williamson, Rochester. He also took first for treble-furrow plough and set of harrows. Double furrow plough ami scarifier-J. Clark, Mary borough. Seed drill-W. Wallace, Bendigo. Collection of dairy utensils-L. Dabb, Maldon. At the luncheon the president (Mr. W. B. Gray) presided, and proposed the usual loyal toasts. Mr. J. M'Lay proposed "The Ministry and Parliament of Victoria.-' Mr. Taverner re sponded for the Ministry, Dr. Embling for the Upper House, and Sir John M'lntyre arid Messrs. E. D. Williams and J. W. M'Cay for the Assembly. Sir John M'Intyre, in his reply to the toast, expressed regret that through the import ance of public business before the House he had not been able to attend several impor tant gatherings which had lately taken place in different parts of the Maldon electo rate, and he was particularly sorry that he was unable to be present to open the A.M.A.'a an nual sports-a function which he had only missed on one occasion during the past 15 years. He was much pleased with to-day's exhibition. The stock and produce would do credit to much I larger societies, and visitors could not help be ing satisfied with the excellence of the exhibits ' generally. Such shows were of immense value | to the country districts, and whilst there might, be too many of them, great care ana discrimination "would require to be exercised before doing away with any. He felt that whatever might happen in that re spect the Baringhup and Maldon society was of too long standing and of too important a character to permit of its existence being jeopardised. In these days of enforced economy it was absolutely necessary to be careful of the people's money, but he felt that a Government at all kindly disposed to our great producing industry could find many other ways of econom ising than withdrawing nearly all State help from agricultural societies. Last year the grant to these societies was reduced from £10,000 to £3,500. This was only a sample of the drastic manner in which the country districts as a whole have been treated. The municipal grant had been reduced from £450,000 to £100,000, and other reductions in the public expenditure directly affecting the country were made last year amount-ins. to £372,000. When this unfair system "of dealing with the industries, which are the back-bone of the country, are pointed out, we are sneered at with the cry of setting town against country, not the slightest consideration being given to the fact that the country is taxed to the hilt to support the town. This brought him to say a few words on the present political situation. Some might consider the occasion unsuitable. For hiniself he thought the present occasion suitable, for there was present a thoroughly representative assemblage of the agricultural, mining, and commercial and trading interests, and unless his views were fairly in accord with them he had no doubt they would soon let him know. Those who have been watching the course of events in the House since the present Government came into power could not fail to have observed that the Government had been most fairly treated by the Opposition. This treatment had been accorded simply in the interests of the country. The frightful collapse which had taken place in the public revenueand the severe financial depression forced the Opposition to recognise its responsibility, and to avoid everything of a self-seeking character politically. To such an extent has this forbear ance been carried, that the Opposition has had to submit on many occasions to very ungenerous criticism, and the Government, being secure in the help of its Corner supporters to carry all measures, however objectionable, gave but little consideration to the tolerance shown by the Opposition. Lately it had earned its indifference to the straining point, and com pelled the Oj)position to show a more deter mined front than it had yet done. The bill to amend the Constitution Act, and the contemp tuous manner in which the Government treated the appeal made to it for time to debate a mea sure of such supreme importance, was " the last straw."-It would be remembered that at the last general election the cry was against the Patterson Government. The leading question next to that was to make the public finances meet. He need not tell them that the Patterson Government was made the victim of the civil service retrenchment, which circumstances had compelled it to carry out. Doubtless candi dates at the election gave their views on many public questions, but in no way was such a re volutionary reform of the constitution as that proposed by the Government even hinted at. They knew the Government proposal was to give every adult, male and female, a vote; to abolish plural voting and also the ratepayers' roll, which at present formed a part of the general electoral roll, and to force everyone to take out an electoral right. It would be seen that such a radical measure as this would play havoc with our constitution, and should not- be allowed to pass into law until the people had the fullest opportunity of considering it and determining by means of a general election whether the}' are . in favor of it or not.. This is what the Opposition "now is insisting upon, in the full assurance that the country is behind it, and it supports its contention. It had been pointed out in the House, and he had asserted it there, that the bill is submitted without the slightest hope of its becoming law, but merely because it is de sired by the Trades Hall; every noint of it forming part of the Trades Hal'l platform. Another ulterior motive for its introduction is to haveacry against theUpper|House to go to the .country with, as it is perfectly certain that that House will not pass a bill of such a revolution ary character before the people have had an-op-. portunity of expressing an opinion upon it. The policy of the Government was no doubt, ap parent to most of then), dictated by the Trades Hall; indeed he felt that organisation was becoming such' a menace to the State that it was imperatively necessary that everyone who had the future well being of thecountryatlieart should help to thwart its dangerous power. He ventured to suggest the immediate formation of an organisation to guard against the socialistic; and class legislation "which was being forced upon the State by those who have no staple or abiding interest in it. Time was when the people of Victoria would not have submitted so long to the dominion of anyone class of the community; and if ever it were needful to unite against such a policy that time had now arrived. Let one central league be formed, with branches throughout the _ whole country, having for its object protecting the constitution against vioient changes, the welfare and advancement of the whole people, just government, just laws security for life and property, the suppression of any attempt to enact dangerous cla=s legisla tion and other objects of a liJ;e nature lie v~i« positive that such an organisation, if o'nec started, would spread throughout the whole country and give confidence to everyone having an interest in it. He j,eld it was' the bounden duty of every wull-wishor of the country to counteract the baneful influence of the Trades Hall. He hoped that if the organi sation he suggested was formed it would have a permanent existence. He then referred to the over legislatioi of the Government, am! called it " make believe work." Had it'been really earnest in its desire to place useful laws on the statute book it would have concentrated its attention upon such measures us a cheap money bill and amendments of mining Acts. To do justice to these two measures alone would occupy the greater part of a session* Instead of this, nearly five months had been taken up with Companies Bills, Insolvency Bills and sucli like, most of which there was no urgent need for, and which, from the manner they were framed, could only be designated as panic legislation. The Constitution Amend ment Bill had three great principles in it, 'aacli of which should have been deal's with*in separate bills had the Government be o'je of them law. Again, we have its State "Bank Bill, embracing matters of a most debatable character, and certain to lead to its defeat; whereas had it been confined to the credit foncier principle alone, ' which the farming community have been so long promised, there would have been little doubt as to its becoming law. He maintained that the Government had given itself over, body and soul, to the Trades Hall party ; that the policy of that party was inimical to the best interests of the country, and that such pressure should be brought to bear, both in and out of Parlia ment, as to force an early appeal to the elec tors. He was perfectly satisfied that if this appeal was made it would be found that, so far, at all events, as the people resident in the country districts were concerned, the Turner Government had lost their confidence. In con clusion he would again strongly urge the im mediate formation of the league he had sug gested. It might be said that he was simply raising what was repeatedly called the Trades Hall " bogie," but he assured them it was no ghost they had to deal with, but a very sub stantial reality. Its representatives in the House were very much alive when any question afiecting the interests which they represent (even in the remotest degree) were under dis cussion. They sometimes appeared to quarrel amongst themselves, but rarely or never did they vote against each other. They formed able representatives of their class and were under thorough discipline, and any combination that may be formed to moderate their influence could well take a lesson from the united way in which they operate to obtain the objects they have in view. He thanked them for the Parlia ment of Victoria, and hoped that there would be greater justification for the toast at the next annual show. (Cheers.) 