FOURTH LECTURE BY THE MOST REV DR CARR A fourth lecture on " The Primacy of the Roman Pontiff " was delivered by the Archbishop of Melbourne in St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday evening last. Parsuing the subject further, his Grace said:— Last Sunday evening we were considering the promises made by our Blessed Lord to Peter separately and specially on the one hand, and, on the other, to all the Apostles collectively— Peter included. We have seen that, over and above the promises made to all the Apostles—(1) Peter was to be the rock foundation on which the Church of Christ was to be built; ^2)that he was to communicate to the ChtfB6hs«o built, such unity perpetuity that tha gates of hell, representing its, visibia and in- isible^ enemies, should never prevail gainsHfc; r (3) that be was t/ obtain the eys of fJhrist's kingdom ofi earth, and ith its keys all the plenary powers hich they symbolised in regard to the hole Church; (4) that he was to ossess the power of binding and loosing o such an extent. that his decrees and is prohibitions, his punishments and his pardons, would be ratified in heaven. It is true that this last-named power or prerogative was subsequently promised to all the Apostles, including Peter. But the previous special privilege granted to Peter was not invalidated by a subsequent extension of a part of the same privilege to all the ApostleB. All the Apostles received a commission to preach the gospel to every creature, beginning with Jerusalem and Samaria, unto the utmost bounds of the earth. Bnt this general commission did not prevent St. Paul from claiming to be, in a special sense, the Apostle of the Gentiles; nor did it interfere with Saul and Barnabas being separated from the rest, by direction of the Holy Ghost, " for the work whereunto they were called." This distinction between the special power of "binding and loosing" conferred on Peter, and the general power, similar in kind, but different in degree; granted to all the Apostles collectively, attracted the attention of Origen in the third'century. " What," he writes, " Was before granted to Peter seems to have been granted to all; but as something peculiarly excellent was to be granted to Peter, it wa*s given singly to turn." (Com. in Mat., T. iII., p. 612.) ThuB, instead of three, we ^have* in reality, four distinct and special promises of power and authority made to Peter, so that the whole Church, from its foundation to the highest exercise of its jurisdiction, should be dependent on him. Each of these four relations, viz., of rock foundation, of unconquerable defender, of key-bearer, and of legislator, points unmistakably to the Primacy of Peter, and to the unfailing unity and perpetuity which that Primacy was to secure to the Church of Christ. Many who have looked at the Catholic Church only from the outside, and not as members'of the household of faith, have been deeply impressed with this unity which she derives from Peter's Primacy. If there is one thing," says Matthew Arnold, " specially alien to religion, it is divisions; if there is one thing s native to religion, it is peaoe ani union. Hence the original attraction towards unity in Rome, and henoe the great charm for men's minds of that unity when once attained. I persist in thinking that Catholicism has, from this superiority, a great future before it; that it will endure while all Protestant sects dissolve and perish." In the same strain Matlock, after observing of Protestantism that " criticism has washed away, like sand, every vestige of its supernatural foundation," writes as follows of the foundation and framework of the Catholic Church:—" With so singular a firmness and flexibility is her frame knit together that none of her modern enemies can get any lasting hold on her, or dismember her, or dislocate her limbs on the racks of their criticism." ("Is Life Worth Living ?".o. Xii., 808-17). " We Protestants as we are," says another Protestant writer, speaking of the Catholic Church, " when we take in view this wondrous edifice, from its base to its summit, most acknowledge that we never beheld a system ,which, the foundation once laid, is laid upon such certain secure principles ; whose structure displays in its manifest details so 'much art, penetration, and "con* sistency, and whose plan is so - proof against the severe criticism of the most profound science." assaults 'which the Catholic Church withstood, though not recognising the , secret of her success, Lord Macaulay writes :—" Four times since the authority of the Church of Rome was established in Western Christendom has the human intellect risen up against her yoke. Twice that Cfaurch remained combletely victorious. Twice she came forth from the conflict bearing the marks of wruel wounds, but with the princvpleoi life still strong within her. Whenwe reflect on the tremendous assaults she has survived, we find it difficult to conceive in what way she is to perish." And Ischakert bears like testimony. " When the flood of barbarian irruption," he writes, "began to sweep away the Social and political framework, the Roman chair alone stood firm as a rock in the sea. Odoacer, Alaric, Attila, Theodoric—they came and went; but the See of Rome, besides standing firm as the rook of the Christian Church, also became the harbour and refuge of Greek and Roman cnlture. Add to this, that in all dogmatic ' controversies the' Roman bishop, with the shrewd practical senBe of the Romans, has generally known how to keep the golden mean. When Athanasius was persecuted in the East he found support in Rome, and the Coonoil of Chalcedon was simply building dogmas upon the mind and thoughts of Leo."* These writers bear witness to the effect, yet fail to recognise the Church's rock foundation as the cause of what seems to them so inexplicable an enigma. " Without Rome," says still another Protestant writer, " it would have been impossible to rear our medieval culture upon the ruins of the Old World. The Church would have been splintered up into so many national Churches, and Christianity would have been still farther paganised." t If these writers would only take into account the promises made to Peter regarding the unity and indefectibility of the Church, as founded on him, they would find an easy and rational explana-' tion of a phenomenon which, without that key, must ever seem so strange and so perplexing. But the explanation is at hand if we remember that, in order that His Church should be one through all time, He built it on one person, to one He gave the keys of His kingdom, for one He prayed that his faith shonld not fail, and to one He committed the care of His whole flock—lambs and sheep. In a word, that as Christ's Church was to have one earthly, as well as one heavenly foundation, so, also, was it to have one visible head and one centre of unity. The words : of Leibnitz will well bear repetition:—" It was necessary . . . that one among' the Apostles, and the successor of one among the bishops, should be invested with pre-eminent power, in order that by him, as the visible centre of unity, the body of the Church might be bound together; the common necessities be provided for; a Council, if necessary, be convoked, and, when convoked, directed; and that, in the interval between Councils, provision might be made lest the commonwealth of the faithful sustain any injury." (Syst. Theol.) The Primacy of the Holy See is, as Moehler well expresses the idea, only " the personified reflection of the unity of the whole Church." And the nnity of the whole Church is, as St. Cyprian insists on so strongly in bis treatise, De Unitate Ecclesiae, a reflection of the unity of the Three Persons of the Most Holy Trinity. A type of that unity is found in the seamless garment of 'our Lord, whioh even the Roman soldiers respeoted. But St. Cyprian is not content with pointing out the unity of the Church; he is very precise in insisting on the source of this unity:—" The Lord saitb unto Peter: Thou art Peter, etc. Upon him, being , one, He builds His Church." . . . " In order to manifest unity, he has, by his own authority, so placed the source of the same unity as to begin from one." " He who holds not this unity of the Churoh, does. he think that he holds the faith?" " As when many streams flow down from one source ... . unity is preserved in. the source itself; , cat the stream from the fountain, the remnant will be dried up." * " The Church pours abroad her beautiful streams, etc. Yet there is one Head, one Source, one Mother, abundant in lhei results of her fruitfnlness." And in his Epistles, St. Cyprian's language Ss not 4ess 'dear or ixpliiit" ^'eW/fli 'one G^fl/ atoa one Christ, 'anftijone Church, tad one Chair founded; upon the rock (super . That Oharoh^d; ]%at,'Chair of Peter is " &e; prinm^sO^^h^rop wbioh the unify of thepriestb°.o3 took its rise." "It is the jroot irtdoW9mb (r<wJie :st matrix) pf'the Gatb&lin;^Ohurch." ; Here^Unight stop, as far as the a # jOigfaoy' of »ur argutnent is Concerhed.' It ;l»k«r»7p~* bwTbeot L " ' ' Primacy of jurisdiction to St. Peter, that promise was surely fulfilled, " The Lprd delayeth not Bis promise." (II. Peter, iii. 9.) And i£ that promise waB fulfilled as it regarded the constitution of Christ's Churoh, it affected not only Peter, but that unbroken line of successors in the Boman See who were to bear the same relation to the Church that he bore. . For, first, Peter waB, as we have seen, constituted by Christ the immovable foundation and unconquerable defence of the Church, so that not even the united and deadliest assaults of her enemies will overcome her. They may, of course, prevail against individual members or separate parts of the Ohurch, but not against the Church itself. But the appointment to such an office brings with it, by its very nature, supreme authority to provide for the stability, unity, and perpetuity of the Church. The Church of Christ is a spiritual society, which is sustained and perpetuated by the profession of the true faith, by the observance of God's law, and by subjection to legitimate authority. He, therefore, who is appointed to support, to consolidate, to unite the Church, and to make it victorious over its enemies, must have power to adopt the means that are necessary to attain these ends. To preserve the faith of the Church, which is her very life, he must have power to teach with authority. To safeguard morals within the Church, he must have power to legislate with such sanctions as will be ratified in heaven; and to preserve discipline, he must exercise a coercive authority over all the members o,f the Church. Hence the conclusion is inevitable that St. Peter was appointed supreme Teacher, Pastor, and Ruler of the Church, and this is only saying in other words that he received from Christ a Primacy of jurisdiction over all the faithful. Secondly, without any additional proofs beyond those already given, it follows that the Primacy first given to St. Peter was not to cease either after the admission of the Gentiles into the Church or after Peter's death, but was to Remain permanently in the Churoh. For the Church itself was to remain to the end of time. Whatever, therefore, formed a part of the constitution of the Church must have the same perpetuity as the Church will have. What God has joined together no man has power to separate. And as the rock on which a material edifice rests is necessary, for the permanence of the structure, .so the moral rock of a moral edifice, which is to last for ever, must be as enduring as will be that edifice which it sustains. Again, to the end of the world the gates of hell will war against the Church. To the iBndof the world, therefore, will the Bock be required, acoording to Christ's promise, to secure victory in the continued .conflict. Finally, Peter was made the Bock of the Church, not for his own benefit, but to secure the unity, and for the general benefit of the Churoh. This is obvious from the words of our Lord: " Thou art Peter, and on this rock I will build my Churoh." Christ was contemplating the building of His Church, His one Church " My Church"—and it was in connection with this work, which waB to last through all time, that He appointed Peter . to an office which, as has been shown, involved the prerogatives and the duties of the Primacy. The Primacy of Peter, therefore, mustjever remain in the Church. This serves to explain the meaning of those . expressions which- are to be met with so frequently in the deorees of Councils and in the writings of the Fathers, such as , " Peter lives in his own See;" " Peter ] speaks by the mouth of Leo;" "Where Peter is, there is the Church," etc. . If, then, the Primacy of Peter continues in the Church, it is unnecessary to prove i that it exists in the Boman See. No . other See ever claimed it. In all the controversies that have taken place, baseless and preposterous as many of the statements made have been, no cont troversialist ever yet claimed that Peter's Primacy has descended through any other line of successors besides the Boman : Pontiffs. Hence, if Peter obtained the Primacy , of jurisdiotion, and if that was not to be temporary, but perpetual, we need no farther proofs than those contained in the , /promises made to Peter in the 16th chapter of St. Matthew to establish the ; Primacy of the Boman Pontiff. But it will be both instructive and -j interesting to carry our enquiry some . steps further, and to observe the fulfilment of these promises by our Blessed Lord; as; also the exercise of Peter's • Primacy during- the lifetime of the Apostles, andin the subsequent history of the Church.' PROOF FBOM THE GOSPEL OF ST. LUKE. ; > Th^twebty-Beoondchapter of theGospel t- nfSt.-Luke o on tains these words:—" And y the jLford said: Simon, Simon, behold > Satanhatb desiredtohave you. that he •tjnay sift you as Wheat. But T'faave prayed for thee that thy faith fail not : and thou being once converted, confirm thy brethren." The chapter opens with the account of the last Supper (1-20), the prediction of the betrayal of JudaB follows (21-3), then mention is made that there was a strife amongst the Apostles as to which of them should seem to be greater. Our Lord corrects their worldly ideas, and places before them the Christian principle of humility, enforced by His own example (24-27). He next announces to them that He was about making them rulers of His kingdom on earth: " And I dispose to you, as my Father hath disposed to me, a kingdom." (28-30.) But the rulerB of that kingdom, far from glorying in their high position, should walk in humility and fear, for they were to be surrounded by watchful, powerful, and implacable enemies. Still, the Apostles need not despair. The kingdom of Christ's Church was to last to the end of time, notwithstanding the opposition it should always encounter. He was about to appoint a supreme ruler of His Church,'one who^e faith would be indefeotible, and whose' dfcty it would be to confirm his brethren; solthat they, too, abd those whom they rppre sented, should be sound , in £ai&f; and secure against the assaultB ot-His and their adversary. Hence, singling out Peter, the Lord said:—" Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired to have you (all) that he may Bift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee (singular number) that thy faith fail not, and thou being once converted, confirm thy brethren." (31-32.) Satan's seeming victory was near at hand. He would soon strike the Shepherd, and the sheep would be scattered. That would be his hour and the hour of darkness. Many would be scandalised in the passion and death of Christ. But even in that hour of darkness a light is made to shine on the ApoBtles, and their question as to precedence is answered, and their position in Christ's kingdom is regulated, and the permanence of that kingdom iB assured by the provision which Christ here makes with respect to its supreme ruler. Satan seeks the utter ruin of the ApostleB and of the Church of Christ. " Satan hath desired to have you." He tries to have them under his feet, as the corn was placed under the hoofs of oxen to separate the grain from the stalk. But, to avert this threatened ruin, Christ does two things—1st, He prays with an efficocious prayer for the faith of Peter that it might never fail; " but I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not;" and, 2nd, He appoints Peter to the office of confirming his ' brethren " against ' the " assaults from * which they would never be entirely free. "And thou, being once converted, confirm thy brethren." As long, therefore, as these assaults continued, so long should Peter's office continue for safeguarding the faith and general welfare of the Church. But the institution of such an office involved the Primacy of Peter. For it involved the right and duty of confirming, strengthening, and consolidating the Church—pastors and people—against her spiritual enemies. To do this he should teach the true faith, and condemn fake doctrine. He should enact wise laws, select worthy pastors, and punish wrongdoers. But this is only another form of words for expressing the Primacy of jurisdiction with which he was invested. The office, too, should last in the Church as long as Satan will oontinue to seek the ruin of the Apostles, and as long as the indefectible faith of the Chief Pastor iB needed for the confirmation of the brethren—that is, as long as the world lasts. The parallelism between this text and that of St. Matthew (xvi., 18), of which it is the complement, is very striking. In the text of St. Matthew " the gates of hell" are represented as warring against the Church; here Satan is exhibited as seeking the utter overthrow of the Apostles. There Christ promises that Peter will become' the rock from which the Churoh will derive strength and unity; here He prays efficaciously that Peter's faith may never fail. There the safety of the Church is provided for by being built on its rook foundation; here the safety of the " brethren" is to be secured and confirmed by Peter's indefectible faith. By the " brethren" we are to understand the Apostles themselves, and, for an a fortiori reason, the other Pastors of the Churoh: all those whom Satan desired "to have" and "to sift as wheat." PBOOF FROM THE GOSPEL OF ST. JOHN. But we must hasten on to our last Scriptural proof for the Primacy which is found in the Gospel of St. John. Amongst the last words recorded in St. John's Gospel are thejfollowing:—" This is now the third time that Jesus was manifested to his disciples after he was risen from the dead. When, therefore, they hpd dined, Jf?tW eaitfc fa Peter: Simon, son of John, lovest thou me more than these ? Ho saith to him: Tea,' Lord, thou knowest that Hove thee. He saith to him: Feed my lambs. He saith to him again: Simon, son of John, lovest thou me ? He saith to him: Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee. He saith to him: Feed my lambs. He saith to him the third time: Simon, son of John, lovest' thou me ? Peter was grieved, beoause he had said to him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said to him: Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. He said to him: Feed my sheep." (8t. John xxi., 14-17.) The beloved Disciple had recorded the promised change of Simon's name to Peter or Bock; but as he had not recorded the promise of the Primacy related by St. Matthew (xvi.), or the fulfilment of that promise, suspended as it was in its operation pending Peter's conversion, as given in St, Luke (c. xxii., 31-2), he here supplies, as was his wont, what had been omitted by the other Evangelists, namely, the final, absolute, and complete appointment of St. Peter to the Primacy of honour and of jurisdiction, or to the office of feeding, ruling and protecting the whole flock of Christ, sheep as well as lambs. Begarding this text of St. John a few preliminary observations will be useful. It is manifest that the words of our Lord are addressed to Peter personally and exclusively:—" Simon, son of John, lovest thou me." For (a) Christ mentions Peter by his own name, and by the name of his father, and even distinguishes him from all the other Apostles by demanding of him greater love:—" Lovest thou me more than these?" But the commission to feed and rule the flook was unquestionably given to him from whom Christ demanded greater love. Amongst the Apostles present on this occasion was the Beloved Disciple, St. John. They were almost still within the shadow of the supper-room, where St. John had received such deathless token of his Master's love when he was permitted to lay his head on his bosom, till he must have heard the pulsation of the tormented heart; and the shadow, too, of Calvary was still upon them, and our Lord must have remembered the undaunted loyalty of the brave Apostle who had followed Him along the Via Dolorsa, whilst Peter had forsaken Him in the face of danger. That very morning John had given, proof how inseparably his heart vra* united with his Master's. " When the morning was come Jesus stood on the shore, yet the discipleB knew not that it was Jesus." But the Evangelist tells us that " the disciple whom Jesus loved" at once recognised Him " and said to Peter: It is the Lord." Yet, notwithstanding all these proofs of mutual love, it was to Peter, and not to John, that the charge was given. (i>) St. Cyril and St. Augustine Bay that St. Peter was three times interrogated regarding his love, in order that by his threefold profession he might make amends for his threefold denial. And as the denial was peculiar to Peter, so, too, was the threefold profession of love demanded of him, before the threefold commission was given him to feed and rule the flock of Christ, (c) We are told that Peter was grieved when asked a third time if he loved Christ. But as this grief and the motive of it were personal in Peter's case, so, also, was the commission which was given after this exhibition of grief and of love, (d) Again, Oar Lord's words, "Feed my lambs, feed my sheep," were addressed to him whose martyrdom was foretold in the next verse:—" But when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch out thy hands, and another shall-j prophecy was proved fixion, 2nd, But this nally, as alg there in the are some' Vulgate aril the Vulgate Is, while B'jutllW first and Becond charge - to^Pete'r, and sheep in the third, the Greek text has lambs mjhe first and sheep in the second and third commission given to Peter. But, from a doctrinal point of view, it is obvious that the meaning is the same in either rendering. Again, the word feed, which occurs three times in our translation from the Vulgate, represents two different Greek verbs, one signifying to feed, but the other much stronger, and signifymg "to shepherd," "('to tend as a shepherd," or " to discharge the duties of a shepher d." However, when used in a metaphorical sense in the same context, and with reference to the same objects, it is manifest that both verbs are synonymous, or, at least, that we are to retain the signification of the stronger. ^ 3rd. It is sufficiently obvious that by my lambs and my sheep we are.to understand all those who belonged, or were to belong, to the fold of Christ's Church. And "Other sheep I have that are:not of this fold : them also £ must bring, and they shall heftr my voice, and there shall be one fold and one shepherd." All, therefore, who were to be included in the one fold, and ruled by the one pastor, are identified with the sheep and lambs committed to St. Peter's care. It is not at all necessary to insist on the distinction between the lambs and the sheep which are mentioned in the text to show that Christ inclnded all—the weak and the strong, the young and the old, the ruled and the rulers of HiB Church. Still, we can hardly suppose that the distinction was made without a meaning. But, from a doctrinal point of view, the argument would be quite conclusive, even if only the one word, whether lambs or sheep, were used in each of the threefold charges given to Peter. As a matter of fact, the rulers of the Church, as well as the ruled, are designated in Scripture as lambs:—"Behold, I send you as lambs among wolves." (Luc, x., 3.) 4th. We have next to inquire what is meant by the metaphor of feeding the lambs and sheep. There is, perhaps, no metaphor more common in Scripture than that of feeding, oi tending, or acting as a shepherd towards men. In a few instances it is used with a restricted meaning, as in Jeremias iii., 15, where it is said:—" And I will give you pastors according to my own heart, and they shall feed you with knowledge and doctrine," where it indicates specially authority in teaching. But when the metaphor is used, as here, without any restriction, it always means to rule with authority. I select a few examples from the Old and from the New Testament. With reference to David we read, in the 2nd Book of Kings—" And the Lord said to thee:— Thou shalt feed (iroifiavtit) my people Israel, and thou shalt be prinoe over Israel." And, again, in Psalm lxxvii., 70—" He choBe his servant David, and took him from the flocks of sheep . . . to feed (-Toifiaveiv) Jacob his servant, and Israel his inheritance; and he fed (eiroipavtv) them in the innocence of his heart." In the New Testament we read —" Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed yon bishops to rule the Church {irotfiavuv rr\v EKK\r)inav) of God."—Acts xx., 28. And in I. Peter v., 2—"Feed (iroiuavere) the flock of God among you, taking care [of it], not by constraint, but willingly." And in the Apocalypse xii., 5—"And she brought forth a man-child who was to ride (voipavuv) (so in the Bevised Version) all nations with an iron rod." But it is unnecessary to multiply quotations, for throughout both the Old and the New Testament the authority of God Himself over men, the authority of kings, and of Prophets raised up by God, is constantly indicated by this metaphor. Nor is the metaphor of feeding, acting as a shepherd, confined to scriptural usage. The classical student will remember that in the language of Homer, which comes nearest to the language of the Old Testament, the metaphor is repeatedly found. The Grecian leaders, Agamemnon, Menelaus, Achilles, Hector, and Nestor, are represented as the " shepherds of the people," to such an extent, indeed, that iroiftijv, a shepherd, is, by the expositors of Homer, regarded aB equivalent to BanXcvc, a king. We may adopt, then, the language of Arnold ("Fragment of the Chnrch," eto., p. 26), and say that this term of 'feeding as a shepherd feeds his flock' is one of the oldest and most universal metaphors to express a supreme and at the same time a beneficent government." When, therefore, Christ committed to St. Peter the duty of feeding his lambs and sheep He committed to him the office of ruling them with authority. This office was, as we have seen, to be exercised over the whole flook of Christ—that is, over His whole Church—pastors and people. It was to embrace, in a spiritual sense, all the duties which the shepherd disohargeB to- wards his sheep—namely, leading them to wholesome, and withdrawing them from noxious, 'pastures, keeping them under his own observation, or under the observation of others who should aot in His stead, guarding them against the attacks of thieves and wolves, bringing baok those that may have strayed from the flock, and healing those that may have received injury. But if St. Peter was appointed to snpply wholesome pasture to the whole Church, and to preserve it from dangerous doctrine, to watch over, and to. rule the entire flock, to correct, to restrain, and to restore to the fold those that had strayed from it, he was invested by Christ with supreme anthority over ffis Churoh, or, in other words, he received from Christ a Primacy of jurisdiction over the whole Chnroh. We have had St. Augustine quoted against Peter being the rock foundation of the Churoh, let ns hear what he says regarding this text, wbijsh is th^ actual fulfilment of the promise made in St. Matthew" For also Peter himself, to whom He co^ends^is sheep <w mother self {actually admitting in clearest terms that St. Peter was the Vicar of Christ on eaffch), He wished to make one with Himself, that BO He might commend the sheep to him: that he might be the head, lie bear the figure of the Body, that is, of the Church, and as husband and wife be two in one flesh." It is unnecessary to call attention to the very wonderful simile of husband and wife that St- Augustine made use of to illustrate the position of Peter to the Church of Christ. What more could the most outspoken Ultramontane claim for Peter than that he was Christ's other, self, that he was one with Christ, that he waB the head, and bore the figure of the Church, of which, like]His Divine Master, St. Augustine! represents jhim as spouse. Language has no meaning if this is not the fullest and most complete declaration of the Catholic doctrine of the Primacy of Peter, and we shall see hereafter that St. Augustine claims for the successors of St. Peter all the privileges he recognises as belonging of right to St. Peter himself. Some difficulties have been raised, not regarding the proofs I have given, but regarding the proposition which I have undertaken to establish. Two of these, as they are founded on the same principle, may be considered together. One is derived from the words of our Lord to St. Peter (Matt, xvi., 22-3): "And Peter, taking him, began t6 rebuke him, saying: Lord, be it far from thee: this shall not be unto thee. Who, turning, said to Peter: Go behind me, Satan, thou art a stumbling-block unto me: for thou savourest (or mindest) not the things of God, but the things of men." The second is., foirnd in St. Paul's Epistle, tah-$» HSkiatiapia,, where the Apostle p^W-Gentiles MlAia'that he withstood G&ftm; toJws face because he waB tb bfc Bliine| J, Ar IV M ' j In regard\to#his class of difficulties I may repeat fa&rfnent; commentator ^^^^hcwerGospels, where he says that'it^s^Mracteristic of Protestant writers to find fault with nearly eviery person named in the New Testament. " I cannot suggest a reasonable motive," he adds, "for this censorious spirit, but the fact is no less true. I need but allude to what Protestant oommeatators, almost without exception, say of the Blessed Virgin, St. John the Baptist, St. Peter," etc. (M'P&rthy;, Ep. and Gosp. of the Sundays,.p.430.),„ 2nd, Anglicans, as well as Catholics, admit that ' St. Peter .WAS a priest, a bishop, and an ApoBtle. Whatever difficulties they raise, therefore, founded on •his Primacy, they have to answer in view of his nndoubted Apostolate. 8rd. In regard to the first of the difficulties referred to, as St. Peter had not as yet received^ the Primacy, but only the Apostolate, it is for Anglicans to lay the phantom which they have raised. ., 4th. Eyen if St. Peter had at the time received the Primacy there would be no difficulty, We know that at even a much later time, and up to the descent of the Holy Ghost, the Apostles were doll of comprehension regarding the . spirihial nature of our Lord's kingdom onjearth. Peter is here corrected, and, we' may say, without difficulty, reproved . by his Master for what St, Jerome calls Ins too loving but human affection for bis Lord. We need not, as some. Protestant "oommentators do, take the clause to be referred not to Peter, but to Satan, ' as present' in men, and tempting them to evjli {Robinson's Lexicon.) It will , be enough; to remember that Satanas,or "Satan," is a Hebrew word signifying adversary, and is found in this sense in the'Lxx. (III. Kings, xi., 14, 28, 25), and according to Schleusner, is applied even to those who, with si good or humane , PWP? 8 ®' oppose the designs of otherB, as in'ttiis passage. That this is the meaninghere is evident from the subsequent wOrdB of our Lord: " Thou art a scandal \ ; y-fi-e., hindrance to mei If any man will oome after me, let him deny himself, "and takeup his cross and follow me." p ' " Calvin, in words which -I forbear 1 quoting, says that any other'name but * [Satan, would be too mild an appella- •tiqn.'|or Peter, and when Protestants ; insist^ AS some of them do, that the same words are applied to Peter here as to; Satan ,in Chapter iv. of St. Matthew, Catholics inay well ask them what had St. Peter done/'to draw down such awful malediction from his Master ? Did not, f ji^t.^Terdniesays,'the strong expostulajust made, proceed' intensive love -of his> Paul'sresistance to St. Peter, lfjf^i • be borne in mind that they were 'infallible,' ap ^Protestants 'tomfaionly admit.' and, W&^E^^^^/ox^tffiU^'Ctimli 'arf. ifr'tct, will Ue aipira iigMiist the Apostolate than in which a child may admcmieh a parent, a servant his master, a subject hia ruler, a parishioner his pastor, a priest his bishop, and a cardinal the Pope. Ecclesiastical history supplies several .illustrations where biBhops wrote strong letters of admonition to Popes without abating an iota of belief in their primacy or of reverence for their office. We have already seen how St. Irenseus, wrote to Pope St. Victor, and the earnesij expostulations of St. Bernard to Eugene III., and the strong remonstrance of the great English bishop, Grosseteste, are. familiar to many of you. But iif we attend to the ciroumstanceB in which the correction was given we shall find that, instead of being opposed, it was really confirmatory of St. Peter's Primacy. Amongst the Galatians there were some teachers who industriously spread amongst the people that .St. Paul was not a true Apostle, and that his teaching differed from that of the true Apostles. St. Paul repels these accusations in two or three ways :—1st. He shows that he was called to the Apostolate and taught by God Himself. 2nd. That he visited the other Apostles, and particularly Peter, and that his doctriao was the same as theirs; and 3rd, that on one occasion, when there was no question of faith but of expediency, that he resisted the line of action adopted even by St. Peter, the Prince of the Apostles. Weizsacher, who may be taken as a representative of the modern school of higher criticism, and is free from any leaning towards Catholic teaching, thus describes the relations between St. Paul and St. Peter:— " When Paul had gone over to the Christian cause he first settled everything in his own mind, and with Him who called him. . . . But having done this, he tried, as everyone would naturally have done, to put himself in touch with the existing Apostolic community. Not, indeed, with the entire community . . . but with Peter, and this was sufficient. Nothing more was needed. He, therefore, went to Jerusalem solely for the purpose of seeing and knowing Peter, for in Peter he saw. the embodiment of all Christianity, as it then was. The position of Peter had been recognised by the Master (Christ) Himself, who had distinguished him above all the others. It is equally plain that in the sequel Peter maintained his prominence; he held his position, not in a false tradition only, but, as far as we can see, in history itself." (Apostol. Zeitalter, p. 12.) I may observe, in passing, that the principle which underlies this objection is the same as that which the Rationalists of the early centuries, as of to-day, apply in their efforts to destroy the authority of revealed truth. This very objection was a favourite one, not only amongst the Gnostics and the Marcionites, bat also with such haters of the Christian names as Porphyry the philosopher, and Julian the apostate. We must bear in mind it was urged by them, not against the Catholic Church, but against the Christian religion. Like the Rationalists, Protestant writers, when they wish to make a point against Rome, conveniently ignore what at all other times seems to be their fundamental doctrine,namely, that " ALL Scripture is inspired." Now, clearly, it is not lawful to overthrow one passage of the inspired writings by another. The Catholic Church, which is the watchful guardian and faithful interpreter of the Scriptures, receives, every passage, not only as inspired, but as in perfect harmony with one another. The Judaizing controversy has supplied Protestant controversialists with what they seem to think are unanswerable arguments against the Primacy of Peter. We have hadteerved up anew the old objection drawn from the fact that St. James presided at the Council of Jerusalem and promulgated the Apostolic decree. But we have only to look carefully at the facts recorded in the Acts of the Apostles (chapter xv.), and the so-called difficulty at once vanishes. We there find that there were two' Apostolical pronouncements—(1) the definition of faith, and (2) the disciplinary decree. St. Peter, as the authoritative head of the Church, most fittingly pronounces the former, which concerns the whole body of the faithful. And St. Imke, recording-Peter's pronouncement, makes -this significant statement—"All the multitude held their peace." And when the question of faith had been settled, and after "they had held their peace,' James, as the Bishop of Jerusalem, just as congruously pronounces the second, which is disciplinary, and which, is for the protection of' the Jewish converts, "That which was required to be established by a law, namely, that the law was not to be kept, was introduced -by St. Peter," says St. Chrysostom, "but about the domestic practice (whftsh concerned the converts* from the Synagogue), and which was received- from olden, times, he (James) Now if Peter received from Christ, the leadership amongpt the Apostles, we should expect that he wonld discharge those funotions that are peculiar to the office of head and supreme ruler. As has been well observed, he should always lead; should close dissension, decide on controversies, punish offences, maintain discipline, and be ready to give counsel, or assert authority in case of need. And in the general history of the Apostles we find precisely these things recorded of Peter, and that not in a fragmentary way, but in an unbroken complete series. St. Luke, in the Acta of the Apostles, gives a general history of the Church in the first twelve chapters; the remaining portion deals with the life of St. Paul, and it is worthy of speoial notice that in the narrative concerning the universal Church, Peter, singly, is mentioned more frequently than all the other Apostles put together. Peter's name occurs more than fifty times; John and James are after him the oftenest mentioned, but the mention of both together does not exceed twelve times. Yet this is a history of all the Apostles, and why shonld Peter .be named so often, and the rest so seldom, unless that he was the head and they $he members under him of the Apostolic College ? And the Aots of the Apostles bring out this pre-eminence of Peter in the same distinct manner as the three Gospels do. When they mention Peter in connection with the other Apostle, he always, without a single exception, gets the first place and the leading part. It was not possible for St. Luke, the writer of the Acts, to refate more clearly the doctrine about the universal equality of the Apostles than by the form which he follows in mentioning Peter directly and. the others in a mass. Take these instances: " In those days, Peter, rising up in the midst of his brethren, said;" "Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice;" " They said to Peter and to the rest of the Apostles;" "Peter with John fastening his eyes upon him, said, Look upon us;" "Peter and the Apostles answering said." And St. Luke represents St. Peter as answering when the occasion seems to call equally upon the other Apostles to state their views. The reproaches of the unbelieving Jews affected the whole Apostolic body, yet Peter alone raises hiB voice and in a long discourse brings them to a right conclu sion. The multitude ask not only Peter, but the rest: " What shall we do, men and brethren ?" and it is immediately added: " But Peter said to them." On the occasion of the miracle by whioh one who had been lame from his mother's womb was cured, we are told " all the people ran together to them," both Peter and James, but Peter alone takes on himself the defence of the common cause. " Peter seeing, made answer to the people." Other instances are recorded of Peter being the spokesman of the Apostles, giving his own mind as conveying that of the rest. And there is still another way in which St. Luke emphasises the pre-eminence of Peter. He desoribes at length his actions, whilst he simply hints at rather than narrates what concerns the other Apostles. He gives Peter's discourses entire, and leaves it to be understood that the others spoke. He records Peter's miraoles particularly, and simply suggests that miracles were wrought by the others. He notes very fully the abundant fruit of Peter's preaching, and writes very little of those who became Christians by the exertions of the others. In fact, as the Gospels may be called the History of our Lord, so the first twelve chapters of the Acts may be called the history of Peter. What St. Peter did to build up the Church and propagate the faith is narrated as the common history of the Apostles, and for what other reason can St. Luke's record be called the Aots that is the. and is therefore body. So far we are™ St. Luke's narrati it in detail. . After our Lord's Ascg&Biotfa;^maffer of most pressing nrgenoy had to be immediately settled. One had to be elected to take the place of Judas in the College of the Apostles, one who should have a share in the.mis8ion; of Christ, Himself, according to the words, ".As the Father hath sent Me, l also ; send you." Now St. Luke, in his history of the Acts, tells as that St. Peter alone spoke on the subject of this olection; he alone proved its necessity from Scriptnre, as he alone ; prescribed the conditions of .qualification, set forth the form of procedure, and presided ovet gnd directed the whole election. And his hearerp,, the number of persons together about an hundred and twenty," uianimously;apcept .His proposals. One hasi jonlyjpJe^d the jacoount whioh St. Luke: gives ofthiselectipn interni-Atar nt office is recognised by the Disciples as unquestioned and unquestionable. A 'blasphemous charge is made against the whole body of the Apostles. Some, "mocking, said, these men are full of wine," and, thereupon, " Peter, standing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice and spoke to them," and the eleven stand aside whilst he vindicates their reputation. He is the leader of the band, and, alone, defends the common cause. After vindicating the body of the Apostles, Peter proceeds to preach to the crowd, explaining propheoies and unfolding the truths of the Lord's Insurrection and Ascension. His hearers, sorrow-stricken, "said to Peter and the rest of the Apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do?" And Peter alone answer their entreaty. He alone sets forth the law of Christ, and it is of his ministry alone St. Luke adds: " They, therefore, that gladly received his word were baptised, and there were added that day about three thousand souls." St. Peter was the rock on which Christ:had built His Church, and it was fitting that he should make the first beginning of the superstructure. St. Luke again writes: " Many of them who had heard the word believed, and the number of the men was made five thousand." Here, you observe, it is still the word of Peter." And a third and a fourth time it is Peter who is building the edifice of the Church. On the third occasion to which St. Luke refers, he mentions Peter and John together, but he introduces Peter alone as urging the Christian truths on the minds of the Jews. And on the fourth occasion John, too, is present. But the sacred writer notes how " Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said to them." And, as St. Chrysoetom observes, John is always silent when Peter is present, and why should one so favoured by his Divine Master thus consistently act unless Peter was appointed head and leader ? Again, the_ office of authoritative teacher is, in Scripture, closely connected with the power of working miracles. If any one of the Apostles was invested with this office at the commencement of the Church, how should we identify him among the company of the Apostles ? St. Luke gives us a criterion. He is continually representing one as preeminent in preaching the Gospel and attesting the truth of his preaching by signs. In the Acts of the Apostles Peter is the first tq e preach, and almost the only one to confirm his preaching by miracles. When the Church was being established outside Jerusalem, Peter is the chief instrument in the work. Philip, the deacon, had preached in Samaria, and when " the Apostles who were in Jerusalem had heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John." Peter is men- tioned first, and though John is with him, St. Lnke, in his record of what happened Simon Magnus, distinctly gives to St. Peter the position of teacher and judge, of a supreme ruler, in fact, who speaks and condemns with authority. But let us sum up: Peter received into the Church the first converts, both Jews and Gentiles; he worked the first miracle; he punished the first persons guilty of disrespect and disobedience; he cast out of the Church the first heretic; he made the first apostolic visitation of all the churches; he presided at the first Council of the Church; he pronounced the first dogmatic decision. I have now completed the Scripture proof in favour of St. Peter's Primacy, and, having heard the testimony of St. Luke, the writer of the AcitB of the Apostles, as to the exercise of that Primacy in the lifetime of the Apbstles, it only remains for me to prove from the history of the Church, in the deorees of Councils and in the writings of the 'Fathers, that this Primacy has lived and ives in the Boman Pontiffs. - At a: meeting of the Executive Council last Saturday the decision of the Cabinet to remove Messrs. Rapiport, Baxter, and Bird from the bench was confirmed, and an Order in Council to that effect Was ordered to be gazetted.The-Crown Prosecutors were then considering the evidence given beforethe Lormer Board, with a' view to determining whether Messrs. Rapiport - and Baxter should be prosecuted. At a meeting of the Executive Council on Saturday-Mr. J. A! Garner was ap* |K)inted^6w£^rcBecntor r at a salary of £600^^per^iteift < l tt8s. f perceiita^ teduc tiohs. •v-'J'V'- ••••••, ,• • . ... , « «fe G^iMitttleiMy Rduifce, the Sneafter of Jhe New. Zealand Legislature/.; Is to-be granted an honorary LL.D aegwe by ^Inlty»<3oUege, PubljnT 