', REVIEWS. The sh >rt story craze shows no symptoms of abatement, and not only are the magazines full of such compositions, but even books with sonorous titles, such as those to hand this week from Ward, Look & Bowden Limited, of Melbourne, through Messrs. Walch & Sons, turn out to belong to the same category, and have to tack on the ominous addition and other stores" to the principal name upon the title page. Thus, Miss Ethel Turner's new book, "'The Little Duchess," has no less than nine stories in it, revivals of contributions already published in Sydney newspapers, of which the one mentioned heartly deserves pride of place, for although it is prettily told it is merely a sorry episode in the lives of a heartless girl and a silly boy, and gives nothing profitable to dwell in the memory, of very different calibre is " Wilkes of Waterloo a pathetic story of married life in the same little volume (one, by- the by, of the quaint and dainty Nautilus series) life which is marred only by the intrusion of another female with ideas upon the rights of the sex. Then, too, there is Thy Childs'' another bit of Attractive pathos where a child of humble origin is " adopted " by wealthy Bulgarians, who tire of it soon, and lead it a life of misunderstood misery, until the mother comes and breaks the ill-starred contract by stealing her own child, much to the others' satisfaction and relief. Altogether these stories do not belie Miss Turner's reputation for clever human writing, but they will hardly increase it much. Two of the other volumes to hand belong to Ward Lock's " Colonial Library." Fergus Hume is the author of one of them, a collection of his magazine tales of which the one called " The Dwarfs Chamber " is sufficiently quaint for anyone, while the tale of the death- dealing seriousness of the Tutquoise Skull " is not only original in conception, but weird and blood-curdling in the extreme. Mr Percy Andraea'snovel, "The Vanished Emperor," is a story of diplomacy and intrigue, which, though finely written, trend i on dangerous ground, mixing as it does fiction with foot in a shrewd record of the careers of people still living. The Emperor William of Germany, for instance, who is supposed to be typified ia "The Arminian Emperor Willibald," will hardly be appeared to be told that all that is true about William is true also about Willibald, but that all that is told about Willibald cou is not be attributed to William. However, William of Germany will no doubt be able to deal with Mr. Andraea without any press intervention from the antipodes. The other books are short stories by Francis Provost, of vat ted interest and more than ordinary merit, verging in length more upon the old style novel audyetoTmiog at brevity, " ac cording to fashion," " A Ghost of the Sea " is an especially thrilling yarn, while the others are diverting in style and most witty in dialogue. Some, by the way, are actually in dialogue form, and would give good subject matter for private evening entertainments, where opportunity for dressing is not courted, and stage requirements are altogether wanting. "The Happy Pair" is done to death, and some of Mr. Prevost's work would replace ; it very satisfactorily. 