DEVILS IN FRANCE. a APPARITIONS AND OTHER THINGS. t c t t "The devil is abroad in France!" This o is now the cry throughout the length and breadth of that country. Never s within the memory of man has there been such a scare: never have there been so many blood-curdling stories of awful, supernatural a pnaritions. From these stories one would imagine tliat the whole infernal host and a battalion or two of celestial angels had broken loose. We hear of Belial, of Ashtoreth, of Apollyon. of several other uncanny and undesirable demons. We hear, too, of sylphs, of shapeless monsters like incubi. of pallid ghosts, of fiery serpents, and of a marvellous woman, who is supposed to be the Virgin Mary. Of sorcerers, too. and their strange doings we hear somewhat, as also of witches and their magical pranks. The denizens of the other worlds made their first appearance at Tiilysur-Seulle. All Europe heard of and marvelled at these apparitions, and finally they caused so much stir that the French Society of Psychical Sciences started an investigation. Abl>e Prettes went to Tilly, spent several days there, and finally returned and made his report. Here is what this churchman and scientist says:— am absolutely convinced that apparitions were really seen at Tilly. I have obtained all possible testimony on the subject, aiid the proofs that ths» apparitions v/ere genuine an? incontestable. Legends and traditions show that this region has been always haunted. A well known provormnent official, it is said, saw the Virgin Mary oue evening wreathed in flames. Apparitions began to appear on .March IS. and since then thev have appeared several times daily. The school children were the first to see the Virgin Mary, and they spread the storv everywhere, the result beincr that immense crowds have been coming to Tilly, as many as 13,000 arriving on one single day. MANY WITNESSES EXAMINED. " During my investigation I examined more than fifteen hundred witnesses, among whom were representatives all classes and of all ways of think 1U2T—! -magistrates, teachers, believers, and unbelievers. I closelv questioned them all, aud they told me the same story. My conclusion is that we cannot dispute this evidence. The supernatural certainly exists.vand defies materialism and free thought. These phenoniena appear to be both divine and diabolical. If they cannot be both at i the same time, then the diabolical in- I fluence preponderates, for, while an angel of darkness can assume the appearance of an angel of light, an angel of light never assumes the guise of an angel of darkness. "I am convinced that if the spot where these apparitions have appeared is thoroughly dug. we shall discover the ruins of a chapel or a. convent, or of some monument dedicated to the Virgin. In conclusion, let me say that we should not be surprised at the frequent appearances of supernatural phenomena in these days. Such phenomena have appeared at all times, but persons paid no attention to them. To-day we are at the height of the reaction against free thought ; the psychical sciences have made great progress and have greatly helped to arouse the attention of the men and women who have for some time been shaken in the faith of their childhood, and are now coming back to honest belief after an era of doubt. The histor.v of t-iio world is full of such reactions." A little girl;named Polniiere has.already seen the apparition of the'Virgin thirty times at Tilly, aud touching is her description of the manner in which she feels herself impelled by feoijiemysterious force to remain ever near the spot where the wondrous vision appears. Sometimes, in place of the Virgin. appears chapels, statues, angels, aud globes of fire. Out of the ground they seem to come, enveloped in a cloud, which gradually disappears, only to remain again after the vision lias fully manifested itself. On Ascension 'Day two hundred witnesses say they saw ~ rosy cloud, while eighty say they saw a Calvary and sixty "a cross/ Some young persons, who tried to play on the credulity of. the pilgrims, found themselves hunted by three fiery bullets, at which they fired their revolvers in vain. Others say they have seen headless, bloody phantoms and have heard invisible bells rinuing: nay. one day a lion, devouring his prey, is said to have appeared to a large number of persons, among them being a child, who was nearly frightened to death. AX EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT. But here is a yet more extra«rdinai v inchlent. Oil the robe iu which one of the latest apparitions of the Virgin was clothed were written four letter*. Marie Lame, who saw this vision, does not know liow to read. She asked some one to show her an alphabet, which being done, she straishtwav pointed our the letters that she had seen on the Virgin's robe. They were the letters IJ. S: P. Q. What could they mean? This was the question everyone, asked. Among the others Abbe Brcttes was puzzled until he returned to Paris, for there he found a letter from C-aon. savin?? that the hidden meaning of these letters had been revealed to a child in a dream. They are the first four letters of the four Latin words. " Ununi saeellum pium quaeso." the meaning of whiv-h is. "I am looking for n holy chapel." The child who made this' discovery knows no Latin anv more tha» Marie La ine. who first saw the letters, knows how to read. The savor of diabolism about this extraordinary phenomenon has caused widespread awe. which is intensified by the inexplicable coudnct of a strange woman who has been at Tilly for some days. She is clothed entirely in black, for which reason she is known far and wide as "the black woman." and rumor has it that she sees most terrible sights'* A pitiful sight she is. so much dues she seem to suffer. On her forehead are ever great beads of perspiration. I?er eyes are red with weepin«r. and at tijrie-; her whole face is convulsed as though with horror at some diabolical vision. Abbe Brettes questioned her as to her trouble, and she confessed to him that she was constantly beset with visions of Legion, who, be it known, is a most potent demon. She begged the abbe to free her from her tormentor, a request which the abbe, though entirely willing, was unable to grant, as Legion, with demoniac persistency, declined TO show himself while the abbe was present. So "the black woman'" still weep.-:. am] shudders in the grip of t!u> hideous demon. TiIK SOCIFTY'S f-OXCI.rSTON. Taking all these alleged facts into consideration, the Society nf Psychical Sciences arrived at the folic,wing conclusions:— 1\. The supernatural, as manifested at Tilly, bids defiance to all the laws of materialism. 2\. Certain facts, but only thn?e which have nci'i"! clearly nvoven. seem to he of divine oriirin: others betray their diabolical origin. Therefore we must adeither than Tilly is the ground, on wh;r-h a battle is beinc: fought between the divine surevnatural. and the dlab^Iie-il snpernntnral. or that all the pher.cniena. of which we have spoken. re the result of a demoniac influence. 4\. Finally, our practical conclusion is his:—That it is necessary to make exavations in the place where the appariions have appeared, so it is likely that hus we may obtain valuable elements f information. This is certainly a practical concluion, and many are wondering whether " the black woman's " frame of mind will change after the magical ground at Tillv has been thoroughly dug up. Few think it will, "for she is truly possessed." say they. "Did she not say a ladv who was imploring the Virgin on belialf of her sick child-—'Unhappy one, what are vou doing here? Go away at once. Your child will not be cured.' Twelve tapers were burning at a little distance from her, five of which had been placed there by the mother of the sick child. As 'the black woman' spoke a great black-winged butterfly flew among the tapers and extinguished the five, the verv five placed there by the mournful mother. They were re-lit. but the monster butterfly appeared again and extinguished them once more." Very strange all this, but not more strange than the story nf the haunted house at Valence-en- Brie. This house has been the theatre or" inexplicable sounds, most mystifying being a voice the owner of which has hitherto eluded all human eyes. For seventeen days this mysterious voice has been making itself heard throughout the house, now insulting, now terrifying, now pleading. Policemen have tried to find the owner, and the weird voice has laughed them to scorn. Dr. Pa*e. the family physician. has investigated, and the taunting voice has covered him with contumely. Furniture has been smashed by the invisible destroyer, and after one. wreck of this kind the voice shouted maliciously:—'"Hurrah. I am doing good work: I am content with myself!" A curious explanation of this mystery ha s just been offered. Isabelle Pellettier. the servant in this house, occupied, it appears, two situations be fore her present one. and in each of them occurred phenomena somewhat resembling these now occurring in the haunted house. These phenomena, too it is said, only occurred in her presence or whan she was near. Now, it is a markable fact that in every so-called haunted house there is said to be cither a sensitive young girl or somp man who is suffering from a nervous malady. The theory is that the strange plieno mena that occur in such houses are due to the presence of men with diseased nerves, or. which is far more- often the case, of high strung young girls from thirteen to twenty years of age. The experiments of M. de Roc-has and of Dr. F.ariadue prove that, man is possessed of a fluid envelope, which in its normal state, is impalpable and ant invisible, but. which under known con ditions can leave the body and become materialised, after which it impregnates inert bodies to such an extent as to communicate to them a sort of life.. In the case of some persons certain effluvia escape from this fluid in the form of waves, becoming more intense when the subject is in direct contact with the ground, without the interposition of isolating substances. Dr. Baraduc has especially shown, by means of photography, that the phenomenon of aspiration and expiration is manifested 7>y the cosmic substances with whic-h this envelope is nourished. Knowing PO much, and whether we believe that living visible beings are the only beings on this earth, or that there are also other invisible beings, such as angels, demons or incubi, two plausible explanations can be given of the phenomena occurring at the haunted house at Valence-en- Brie. One is that tho subject impregnates with the vital fluid whatever objects he approaches. These objects, then, in a sense become extensions or prolongations of his body, and when he moves from one place to another they move with him. It is possible, too. that the simple contact of an object charged with opposing electricity may bring about a returning enrrent which will cause objects to change their positions. The smashing of furniture, then, could be explained by a violent electric shock. But we cannot. in this way explain tlie presence of the mysterious voice, for. in order to produce this a mater ialisation of the organs necessary for the emission of articulate sounds would be necessary. The second explanation is very simple and will cause many to snjle. The question is. May not a spirit at times obtain possession'of this vital force after it lias escaped from the human body, "and may it not then model it and materialise it and use it for his own purpose?,? The Kabbalists and modern occultists believe iu the existence of element:;ry demons. and claim that they people the elements, among such demons bein sylphs, gnomes, undines, incubi and salamanders, some wandering through space and endeavoring to become incarnated. others being iucaruatcd. which latter are vicious and imperfect men. Occultists, too, believe in the existence of fludic phantoms, known the ancients as larvas and lemurs, which love the steam of shed blood, and which flee before the edge of a sword. Ohly by dividing them can such fluidic coagulations be destroyed. Dr.' Baraduc holds that these phantomis are monstrous productions; with out body or soul, and that they can he attracted by certain invalids, who are in fatal --sympathy with them, and who thus enable them to drag out for a longer or shorter time a fictitious exis tenc-e at their expense. They are. as it were, supplementary . instruments of the invalids' instinctive will, their aim being never to cure but always to inock and mislead. There is a third explanation—that the phenomena in the haunted house are the work of a practical joker, but, if so, it is rather strange that the joker has not yet been caught. Among those • who have studied psychic sciences the opinion seems to bo that Louise Tellettier is the author, though probably unconsciously or unintentionally, of all this apparent diablerie. On the other hand. Abbe Sehnabeliu. who ranks next to Dr. Papus as the most profound occultist of modern times, is of opinion that the residents of the haunted house have been enchanted by a sorcerer. Rochas recently made certain experiments as t; the effects of enchantment. He pricked the photograph of a certain person all over with a pin. and found that the person whose photograph it was felt the pin- pricks in his own body. Rochas simply desired to prove that there is a good deal of truth in the old legends regarding the wickedness of sorcei-.'i s. Now sr-orcerers flourish to-day in several parts of France, and o-.pe<"inl:y in Brittany, Berry and the Basfiun country. They are. as ride, shepherds, tramps and ordina fortune tellers of both sexes. Among them. loo. are several young girls, and they are especially dreaded, for they_are supposed to have the power of hiiiict ing unspeakable woe. Gypsies have also kept up the ancient practice of soreery, the most celebrated being these of Hungary. Bosnia and Russia. Abbe Pelmnbel'm has not spoken rashly. He went to Valence-en-Brie. made n careful investigation, and only then expressed tho opinion that the entire turmoil has been en used by a sorcerer. A iv.au. known to be a sorcerer, lives in the r.eishborhood. and. according to the abbe, his fluid body or that of some oilier sorcerer has the power of freeing itself from the material body at will, and has in this instance done so in order to annoy the family in the haunted house. In this enlightened age a conjecture of this kind sounds absurd, but it is very plausible when we compare it with other stories of sorcerers, and especially those cencerning human metamorphosis. Here, for example, is one told bv Deiancre. a member of Parliament, who. in the reign of Louis XIII., was commissioned to make an inquiry into the actions of the Basque sorcerers:— A irentlema a of the Basque country, he says, "returning from the hunt saw a she-wolf, whose eves seemed to him to be verv like those of his wife. He raised his girn and fired. The she-wolf, hit m the side, ran off. howling. On his return home the gentleman, found his wife in bed. pretending that she had hurt herself by accident, as she was out walkinc. The gentleman 4 examined the wound, and great was bfcr amazement when he found iu it some rains of shot of the same size as he had used. The unhandy woman then confessed that she had been in the habit of assvmiinp: the form of a slie-wolf. with the object of tnlcinsr rart In the witchesrevels. and i hat it was she who had been shot bv her husband. Her namewas the Ladv of Urtubi. and soon arter this event she was tried and burned.** 