A ROGUE'S DAUGHTER. By ADELINE SERJEANT, Author of "A Life Sentence," "Sir Anthony's Secret," "Marjory's, Mistake," "Dr. Endicott's Experiment," "Jacobi's Wife," &c.; _ , , : • {Published by sp ccial" arrangement'. ^;ill.-tha author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVIL—Deeia'& Appeax,. Cyprian return^.hqi^e on the following- day and, without, seeming" actually to observe his wife's demeanor, became at once keenly aware of the fact that she was utterly unlike herself. He was accustomed to seeing her look languid and dejected—in some senses he had grown used to that state of things; hut he noticed now that she was changed: she flushed and paled for no reason; she started violently at every little noise; she had afrightened air, for which he could not account. He felt rather than saw that there was a new look of appeal in her sad eyes, hut to this-he was determined not to respond. Delia longed to speak, hut dared not. She . did not know what view Cyprian would take of the matter, hut she suspected that he would think it his duty to inform the police of Julius "Vansittartfs presence in England if ho were aware of it. No, she dared not betray her j ' father—and yet the burden upon her was more | than she quite knew how to tear. A day or two passed by and she did not hear j from Vansittart. She began to hope, in a vague, futile way, that she might never hear j from him again—that he had perhaps seen Dick and gone hack to South America without troubling himself to say good-bye to his daughter. But even while she tried to console herself in this.way she was nob able to build any solid superstructure of comfort upon so frail a foundation. It was not likely that he would leave England without trying to see her again; and her heart sank at the thought of another interview. She loved him still; in spite of his faults, his crimes even, she could not cease to love her ' father; hut she had a nervously exaggerated view of his influence and control over her. She was not sure that she might not be com pelled to follow him to South America if he told her to come. She wondered uncom fortably whether she were hound to obey liim now that-, she was married or whether her husband had the prior claim. Delia was cer tainly very childish and very ignorant con sidering her age, for she was by no means sure as to her respective duties to her husband, brother, and father. But it must be allowed that she was in rather an exceptional position with respect to all three. It would he different, she argued, if Cyprian loved her and cared to keep her with him. But if he-cast her off what was she to do? She could not obey him, because he gave her no commands to obey. She did not want to do anything that would displease him—but how could she find out what choice he had in the matter, since he would not express by so much as a word or a look the course of his desires ? She had wanted to cast in her lot with Dick "and the matter still remained in abeyance, hut her conversation with Rose had shaken her faith in this' plan and she felt miserablyinseeure. She was'quite unconscious of the fact that the servants had seen her in the summer-house with-a stranger and bad gossiped among them selves about that mysterious visitor. And she never-guessed that her own maid had thrown herself into Mr.. Harcourt's way one morning on purpose, to suggest in dulcet tones that she would very much like a policeman's whistle, if Mr. Harcourt did not object. "Ifs rather a lonely sort of house, sir, and there's so many men hanging about that it makes me quite nervish," said Mrs. Harcourt's maid'elegantly. "What have I to do with it ? And what do you want with a policeman's whistle?" said Mr. Harcourt. "Do you mean the gardeners at the back of the house ?" said Harcourt, frowning slightly. " There is no need to be nervous about them, surely. I understand they are quite a respect able class of men." " Oh, yes, sir. • But you see where one goes another can go. And the respectable men can show others the way into our garden, sir, and its makes .one feel so unsafe at nights. I should like to have a policeman's whistle in ease of a sudden alarm." f "Do you mean that you have seen strangers in this garden ?"' " Well, sir, I don't deny that I've seen one ,as seemed to_ be hanging about some where and looking at the windows, but I think he was an acquaintance of my mistress, for I saw her with him in the summer house " "That will do," said Harcourt shortly. "If you only saw someone with Mrs. Har court I do not see why you are afraid of burglars. Mrs. Harcourt's visitors do not concern you." " Oh, of course not, sir.- Only it seems odd that visitors should come and go through the •back. of the summer-house," said the girl • jpertly. She-."expected to be dismissed upon the spot and she did not care. She was tired of serving'Delia, who went nowhere and did not mind how she was dressed. Cyprian- looked at her and very nearly uttered the words of dismissal. But he re frained. He. would not send Delia's maid hway without her consent. He was strictly just and honorable—or so he thought himself— in his displeasure. He would not condescend to do a thing which should seem in the least to savor of petty spite. He sent the woman away from him and gave himself up to melan choly reflection. "Was it true that Delia had been receiving a clandestine visit ? It could not be. Unless— it suddenly occurred to him—unless it we're that scapegrace brother of hers, who must be but ■ of prison by this time! Surely this was the case. She had been afraid to admit him into the house and had therefore met him in the summer-house and set all the servants talking. It was intolerable be haviour. He was irritated beyond all limits of endurance. Although he so seldom spoke to his wife he felt that he must offer a re monstrance, a caution, a word of friendly ■warning.^ And for that purpose he entered the drawing-room a little earlier than usual that evening. Delia was there, with a curious dull light in her oye and two scarlet spots on her white cheeks. Ho looked at her and wondered whether she was ill; then decided that this strange and rather wild expression of hers came from the suppressed excitement under which she seemed to have labored for the last few days. It proceeded, he thought bitterly, from this unlucky yisit of her brother. But Delia's agitation had a more serious cause than the one to which he attributed it. Shehad'received that morninga notefrom her brother Dick and it had somewhat upset her nerve3. It camo through the post in the ordinary way and was signed Richard "Van sittart, as though he had never dropped the name at all; moreover the terms of the letter were carefully commonplace. Nevertheless it seemed to Delia_ as if a secret breathed in every line and as if it were the most compro mising document that anyone could possibly receive.. And therefore her cheeks were hotly flushed and she could nofe mect her husband's eyo. There were about 12 minutes bofore the dinner hour and Cyprian thought that he might as well malce use of the opportunity to say what he wanted to say. The worst was tbab ho scarcely knew how to begin. Ho had addressed her so little during the. past few weeks that he found it absolutely' difficult to open his lips. And she would not look at lnm. She per sisted in looking the other way._ He cleared his throat and changed his position in vain. It was evident that she did nob expect him to speak. "Delia!" ho said. How she started. What a flood of lovely color suddenly dyed her delicate face from brow to chin. He was angry with himself for being moved by it—angry that he had been forced to call it there. . "Iam obliged to speak to'you," he said in his coldest tones,- "on a matter which con cerns your own reputation as well as mine." The-flush had faded now and left her face white as marble, with a growing apprehension in the startled hazel eyes. "If at any time," said Mr. llarcourt, in measured accents, " you should wish to see any j member of your family i How frightened she lookod 1 She actually j cowered and shrank away as if afraid of words j that might be worse than blows. j " Or if any member of your family should I wish to visit you I should recommend your re-' eeiving him here in the drawing-room or the j study, and not in tho summer-house or the j garden." "Who said? "Who told you?" she mur mured, looking and unlocking her fingers ner vously. " That does not much matter, does it ? I will only point- out that to receive a man with j any appearance of secrecy gives rise to scan dalous remarks. And it is also entirely un necessary. I have never, I think, desired you not to see your brother, if you wish to see him." " My brother ! " said Delia, in a tone of sueh relief that he cmlld not help turning to look at her. Dick ! Oil " "Was it not Dick?" ho said quickly and sternly. There was a moment's silence. Then Delia looked up, defiance in her eye and resolution on her lip. She had been driven to bay at last. " It cannot possibly matter to you whether it was pick or anybody else," she said. _ Cyprian bowed satirically. " You are quite right. It does not matter—perhaps. Still, while you are under my roof " She interupted him with feverish eagerness. • "'You know I don't want to stay. You know I am longing to get away. I was only waiting until Dick—Dick—came " "'Came oat of prison. I understand," said I Cyprian, with cutting distinctness. "He is out now, I presume ? Then I might perhaps suggest that you might make some arrange ment " "Oh, Cyprian, Cyprian ! you aro very cruel toTne," said Delia, suddenly breaking down and hiding her face in her hands. Cyprian moved restlessly. " I am only doing as I thought yon wished," he said in a lower tone, which, had a strangely I muiiled sound. "You gave me to understand j some time ago " " Oh, I know, I know," said Delia heart brokenly. " Wo needn't go into it all again, need we ?_ I'll make all the arrangements you wish. Dick wants me to go and see him, and I'll talk to him." " Very well," said Cyprian quietly. Delia would have been astonished if she had known what a thrust at his hears those words gave him. After all, he could not bear to think that she should seek counsel from any man but himself. Even ber brother was not a fit coun sellor for her. Delia wiped her eyes meekly and endeavored to control herself. She did not notice that a folded piece of paper had fallen from her lap to the floor. Cyprian picked it up and restored it to her. "Erom—your brother, I suppose," ho said, a little jealously. "Yes." " I may read it ?" "Oh, no, no!" cried Delia, catching at tbe| paper. "Not for the world." "You need not be afraid," he said, very coldly, withdrawing himself a little from her side; "I was not going to snatch it; but I cannot see what your brother should say to you that is such a secret. Your future plans concern me as well as him; but perhaps you had forgotten that." " I did not know you cared anything about them," said Delia faintly. "You had^ better let me see the letter, I think ; then I shall understand your brother's attitude." . • He spoke so coldly that no one could have guessed the tumult of passion which shook him at that moment—Delia least of all. The thought uppermost in his mind was a convic tion that his wife_ had not spoken the truth. The letter, he believed, was not from Dick at all; it was from some other man. She raised the paper in her trembling fingers and gave it to him submissively. She did not know what he was thinking, but she recognised the ring of command in his tone. The letter was very short. " My dearest Delia," it ran, " will you come here to-morrow afternoon and see me ? Yon know-whom you will meet. I want to know your plans for the future as I am afraid there will be a difficulty, but we caa talk of it when we meet. God bless you, darling, for your faith in me. "Your loving brother, "Richard Yansittart." Cyprian stared at the paper and read the words two or three times without quite know ing what he did. There was an odd mixture of relief and disappointment in his mind. The letter was from Dick and it was strightforward enough—but it told him very little after all. He gave it back to Delia with a cold word of thanks, "You are going, I suppose?" he added. " Oh, ves; I am going," she said. Her head was ^whirling with amaze at finding that he asked no further questions. The reference to the person "whom she would meet" had seemed to her so painfully clear. j But Cyprian had not noticed. i There was a moment's silence; Cyprian con- j suited his watch and wondered why dinner was not ready. Delia sat silent and motionless until the servant appeared to say that the! meal was served. Even then to Cyprian's sur prise she did not rise. I He bent towards her and held out his arm which she almost mechanically took; but with the touch of his arm a sudden revulsion of feel ing took place. The servant had left the room and Delia tore her hand away. "What is the use of keeping up this farce ?" j she said. Is it for the sake of the servants who spy upon me and report my doings to you ? I will not go on with it any longer. If we are to live apart why do we pretend—pretend to be friendly ?' She burst into teaTS and rushed out of the room_ before Cyprian could collect himself sufficiently to utter a single word. He stood looking after her, he heard her go upstairs and lock herself in her room, and a great wave of pity rose high in his heart, a great desire to follow her and hold her in his arms and com fort her. But again he steeled himself to endure. "I am a weak fool," he said to himself, "but I will not be so weak as that" And he walked straight down to the dining-room and went through that "faree" of dining, against which Delia had at length rebelled. He had entered tho house with a fairly good appetite, which had,. however, entirely disappeared when he sat down to dinner. He retired to his study as soon as he eould conveniently do so and sat there during the evening trying hard to read a volume of nhiloHonhv. butnotsuceeedimr particularly well. Aliout xl o'clock be was disturbed by the entrance of Delia, who glided in without knocking, looking peculiarly ghost-like in a long white wrapper, with her hair floating down her back and her hands stretched out in appeal. "Oh, Cyprian 1" said she, approaching hifn so softly that he scarcely heard her come, "forgive me V" He looked at her without altering his posi tion in the very least. He did not mean to be harsh, but it seemed to him as if he were in a dream. He lay back in his chair and listened, but ho could not speak a word. *' I don't mean," she went on hurriedly, " that you can forgive me for the past—I've given— given up all hope of that—but for my foolish ness to-night. I know I was very silly—very impatient, but I—I could not help it just then. Cyprian, will you not forgive me V" He had roused himself a little by this time. He heard himself replying with a callousness at which he wondered, in the confused way in which people do wonder at their own doings now and then. " Ho apology is needed. You are free to do exactly as you please." "Ah, no, I ain not—I am not!" she cried, suddenly breaking into-tears, "or I should be free to die—to die, and be forgotten." And then she turned and glided away as softly as she had come, but with her face hidden by her hands; and Cyprian, left alone, rose to his feet and held out his arms as if he would have called her back. It was too late. She had gone and he had lost his chance. A sense of passionate loss, of undying sorrow, came over him', and laying his head against his folded arms on the marble mantelpiece ho, too, wept tears of exceeding bitterness. He was ashamed of himself afterwards. He told himself that ho was very weak, very womanish; but the fact remained, and for some time he had been conscious of one thing only, and that was his desire to take Delia back to his heart to comfort her for all her great troubles and tell her to trust him in everything. He had wanted to do this, and something—was it pride?—had held him back. And now he felt, with a mixture of remorse and a dreary kind of irresponsibility, that he had lost his chance with her for ever. She would never forget or forgive his insensibility to her appeal. How he could have answered her so coldly ho did not know. He had spoken as if he cared not an iota for her pain, her penitence, her desire for his_ forgiveness; and yet his heart had been aching with the craving for her love. It was weakness, sheer weakness, and he would jiut the thought of Delia far from him now and for evermore. 