TIlE EARL. c?apurn m. (O0Rl.IUED.) A cOuNGE came over the innkeeper's face. "Lord St, Maoor or not, you are the man who came to my inn," he mot. tered, in an amazed tone; and low as the words ware spoken, they reached Victor's ears, filling his heart with terror and wrath. " Well, Lucy," he said, abruptly, to her ladyship that evening, who had been sitting silently opposite to him at table, scanning his disquieted conun. tenance curionusly, "have you satis. fled your longing for reviving your childish days in this vile old castle yet? I must tell you plainly, my dear, that I do not think I can exist here much longer. I am being bored to death." "You look bored, and a little ill. tempered beside, Victor," she an-o swered, coolly. "You have not, are you aware ? spoken one word to me all dinner-time. Well I be comforted, my poor boy with the reflection that you are not likely to be again put to the inconvenience of packing.up for some time to come, as I intend stay ing here quite three months." Lady St. Maur's tone and manner could not be mistaken, and Victor flushed angrily. There are few more andignified- not to say humiliating- positions a man can oocupy than that of a hue. hand dependent on his wife for the payment of his bill ; and Victor knew, from past experience, that to oppose his wife in matters on which her mind was firmly set meant an open rapture, with the consequent stoppage of sup. plies. Lord St. Maur, however, stung by his wife so pointedly assuming the direction of their movements, retorted not without some warmth: "Pardon me, Lucy. Yonu appear to forgot that it is I who should arrange these matters. I question the good tasto that prompts your so frequently reminding me-inferentially, if not in so many words-that I married an heiress." Lady St. Maur did not reply for some few momooents, and involuntarily Victor compared his wife's hard speeches with the gentle, loving couon sol of his victim Clarina in the old days. We will not attempt to describe the feelings that stirred within St. Maur's bosom as he thought of the gentle creature he had so cruelly, so foully, deooeived. Spite of the satisfaction that the handling of large sums of money had given him, there was room for feelings of a different character. There were moments when he felt humiliated-oppressed with a sense of meanness, as he found himself in possession-a boggar noas it wore-of fortune throughl the instrumentality of a woman, even though that woman were his wife. He felt that he had boon weak; that he had not beeoon true to his principles; nay, more that he had boonit.l villain, and had for over forfeited hi ,en aself esteem. For the first few months after their marriage, Violor-despite the prick ings of conscience, whilch he oould not wholly stifle-thought himvit., even congratulated himself upony >iug, a very happy man. At the expiration of that time, however, he began to have his mis. givings. He had married a woman whose social position he know had great demands upon her time; but he was not prepared to find it wholly given to frivolous pursuits, nor was the dis covery a pleasant one. When the gaioties ooneoquent upon their marriageo wore at last over, the winter's campaign sot in. Every night brought its engagoe. mont, with its crowd, either at home or abroad. They never dined alone, walked alone, or drove alone. Thoes hours of intercourse to which as a Ilhusband he might naturally look forward never came. Whou Victor remonstrated with his wife she doolared her surprise at the idea of his supposing that she should anot diffeorontly, and when he refused to accompany her to any place she would roeont his conduct with warmth and leave him in a pansion to sulk away the hours in her own room or proceed to some plaoe of gaietocy, whore, surrounded by flatterers and supported by forced spirits, she passed her hours, while her husband, at home and in solitude, brooded over his mis spent life. Lady St, Maur had not naturally a bad heart, nor was her intellect of a feeble order; but she had boon por. nioioelsly educated and the good had boon perverted. Her mind was like a strong and healthy vine, which, if trained and pruned with oare, might have borne the choicest fruit; but having beeoon suffered to creep along the ground, to lose its healthy powers, and become choked with weeds, finally proves to be noxious to its possessor. Whoen disunion reaches a certain point it is very rarely arrested in its course. Victor ceased to remonstrate, but his cold reserve was more irritating to his wife than the most bitter re proaches, and she became more and more wilful in her eflorts to show him her indifforence both to himself and his wishes, andl never missed an opportunity to throw out hinto upon the natural proponsity of man to tyranniso, and of the neceosity there was for every seonsible woman to exercise her iindependoen if lshe wished to retain any semblance of liberty, nor to remind him, in a thousand little ways, of his depoend. once upon her, She had shared her fortune with him; she had yielded her liberty; and what had she received in return e A host of voieoo arose in answer from within--pride, vanity, and an. generousness, led on by temper, all oried aloud - "ingratitude and tyranny I" Alas for wedded happiness when snch voicos .are heard in the heart's secret council.ohambers I Lady Maur at leongth broke the ailbnce, both words and tone having something of conciliation in them. She was too intelligent a woman to fail to see that there was some reason in St. Maur's complaint, although she would not admit it. "I was not aware, Victor, that you felt so strongly about what is, after all only a trivial matter. What is your objection to this place ?" Lord St. hfaur flashed guiltily. Was there any meaning attached to the decided emphasis his wife gave to that little word ? Had that meddlesome old innkeeper been chattering to any of the servants P Observing hise hesitation, Lady St. Maur again addressed her husband, this time somewhat impatiently. "Did not you hear me, Viotor? " "Oh yes, Lucy," he replied, with an attempt at cheerfulness that was by no means genuine. "But it is not an easy question to answer, for I can. not quite satisfy myself on that point. One reason is because of the dreari. nese of the place; but a yet greater reason is because it inspires me with an indescribable feeling of aversion, as though the old castle was associated with things supernatural." Lady St. Meur laughed derisively. "Nonsense; I am surprised at you. But if you really wish to leave the old place, I am not unwilling, for I must admit that I am bored too. Let us leave for Scotland the day after to. morrow, if you will." "Only too delighted," he replied; "and I wish to heaven we had never come hero; this grim old place has given me the horrors, Lucy." "What I have you been seeing ghosts-there are one or two about, I believe," she answered, with a laugh. "Yes," he replied, gravely, "I have," and without another word he rose and left the room. "What is the matter," thought Lady St. Maur. " Victor looks really put out. What can have disturbed him so ?" and she looked at his re treating form inquiringly, sitting for some moments after at the long oak dining-table silently with an odd sue piiosne look in her sharp grey eyes. What her ladyship heard or fonnd out at Glenoatbio about her husband's previous doings and early lifo may never be known, for whatever it was -vague rumour, true or falso--shbo kept it carefully to herself; but from the day she left Castle Macoalorvie, there was a change in her conduct to wards her husband, which gradually grew more and more marked. She ceased to make any show of oven ordinary affection for him. She went lher way and he his more than is the wont even of the most fasohionabhle couples when they were together. Rumour spoke of scones of violonce and recrimination betwoon them, and whispered that Lady St. fiaur was more than a match for her lord, and ruled him by some soeret power none could understand, and at the time of her ladyship'o death, which happened shortly after Ella had made acquaint anuo with the stranger by the trout stream, Lord St. MInaur had become a gloomy, grey- haired, worn - looking man, as old, in appearance, at fifty, as many a man at sixty years of ago. "Thalnk goodness, my own pro party has doubled in value during those nisocrablo twelve years of my marriage," he reflected; "I wish I had a son to leave it to," and he sighed heavily. And then the thought flashed across him. "Though I have no son, yet I have a daughter, oven though I may not acknowledge her. 8he must be found, and OlCarina"--ho had very nearly added-" my wife." cnAPTEr VIII. Surely never did a summer morning pass so quickly asno the fair morning to Ella and her new friend. The air soemed so soft and balmy; the stream rippled by with enoh a ailvery mur mur; the birds sang so aweeootly I Bsrely never was there such a glori ouo summor morning sinoe the world was young. Ere the oloole struck two that after noon and Ella stearted to her feeoot with a guilty fooling that lunch must have beeoon waiting nearly an hour, and that Dr. Hurley had promised to look in and partake of the mid-day meal with her, the fate of two young hearts was deoided. Witlout know ing it porsaps, Ella and Oscar Eld. ridge loved each other, as young hearts can love, with a freshness and intensity impossible perhaps in after years. Never had the young man felt so happy and elated as when Ella at parting blushingly promised to be by the stream early the next morning, and never had she felt so purely innoeoontly happy as when she felt the lingering pressure of til hand as he bade iher good-bye, and urged her to be early at their trysting-planoo on the morrow. And so, morning after morning they mot; and often again in the afternoon when Ella took her daily walk, would the young man join hier, and accompany her in her ramble. " VWhoen aunt returns, you will call at the Fire, will you not ?" asked Ella. "I expect her home in two or throo days now." " OoCertainly I will call. But do you think she will reooeive me ?" he said with a smile. "I have heard aunt mention your name, expeoting you to visit her." Ella had quite forgotten the bChris tian name mentioned biy her aunot whether Oscar or Stayploton. " But for all you know I may be poor, and a nobody," he persisted. "What then ? " asked Ella, looking up into his dark oyeso. "Aunt will not care for that a bit more then I should." "Won't she ?-and you don't care ?" he asked, eagerly. "And if you did not know it. Who am I that I should caro ? You know my history. I am really a no. body, if you will," shel answered. "I like you for myself, nnd-" "Then you do lilke me ?" he said softly, taking one of her little soft, white hands in his. "Yoes, of course, you know I do," eho replied, with a deep flush mant. ling her cheek. "Some day I may ask you to say more than that," he whispered, resoelng his lips on the small hand he hold. , They were seated under the wil!owr by the stream, and as he spoke a sud den, stealthy rustling in the bushes behind made them start. " Who could it have been P".said Ella timidly. "No one-a rabbit or water-rat perhaps. But why should you be alarmed ?" and he smiled. "I--I eannot tell; I was startled," she answered. And then they bade one another good-by for that day. You will be here to-morrow, Ella P" said he, as he held her hand in his; "you will be here early ?" "Yes," she replied with a bright smile, and a ,happy, beaming look in her eyes. "I will not fail, Good-by now, and s revoir." And she walked quickly away, humming a merry air, towards the house. No sooner were the young people out of eight, than from her place of concealment behind some thick bashes crept Janet Drew, a look of meliiooc triumph on her face. " So my young gipsy miss is not above private meetings with young gentlemen-fine doings truly; what will Mise Hardcastle say when I tell her i' But she's just bewitched by the girl, and perhaps will only tell me to hold my tongue for my painse; but I'll have my revenge on mise there this time. See00 him again to-morrow, will she P Not if my name's Janet Drew, I'll be bound. To think young Mr. Eldridge --he who is heir to an earl, they say-stooping to the likes of her. A girl misensus picked up by the road. side. I'll warrant miss never told hlim that tale and thinks to he a countecs one day I Now to put a stop to this pretty love-making." Ard Janet Drew hastened towards the keeper's cottage at the end of a belt of firs that bordered one side of Miss iardcastle's prbpoperty. " VWell, Jim Yatcs," said she, "those are inse tales I hear." " Fine tales I What do you mean, Mrs. Drew ? " replied the man, a tall, powerful-looking young follow. "Why--hero's a poacher boon on these grounds day after day, and you've allowed him, Jim Yates," she replied. "A poacher 1 Who do you mean, ma'am ?" replied the man, his eyes lighting up with an angry gleam. "Bill Dale, or Jim the carter, I-- "Noither one nor the other," she replied. " A gentleman poacher this time; but the missus has heard of it, and is real angry, I toll ye, Jim. One as oomo a-fishing here day after day, without leave or lioonoo. I saw him myoself yesterday and this morning come into the ground by the wicket from Turley Meadow, and he's just off again now with half-a- ocore of fish with him. The missun has heard of his doings some way-bless yo, sho knows everything, Jim, and bids me tell you to turn him out. Soee I lore's the letter," and she drow a letter from her poolkert, holding it towards the mas, " Ab I I'm no soholard, Mrs. Drew," he replied, shaking his head; "if the missue has writ it, it's all right, and shall be done, I'll see to it," And he turned sullenly away, while Janet Drew eatisfied with her work, wont on her way rejoioing. "Odd that the miessus should care so much for a few trout,", he mut tered; " but she has her own ideas, has the missus, and will be obeyed, so I must give this follow a hint to. morrow, I suppose." And when Ella came down next morning, she found the front door looked, and the garden doors carefully aseoured, and was told that Mrs. Drew had gone to the neighbouring country town, and had taken the keys with her, and would not be bank before breakfast. And Oscar, when he roeached the wicket, found it looked and barred, and Jim Yates standing on the other side to prevent his entering the grounds of his mistresos. "It's Miss Hareastle's orderos," answered the man, doggedly, to all Eldridge's remonstrances. " Sho'o hoard as how you've beeoon fishing on her property without leave, sir, and I've orders not to lot you enter the grounds. I'm sorry, sir, for I know the fishing's good, and you lookl like a real gentleman; but I've my orders, sir, and it's my duty to obey them," and Jim Yates hld his hand resolutely on the wicket. For a moment Osoar Eldridgo was bitterly angry, and his eyes flashed in dignantly; but then he remembered that the man was only doing his duty, and in a moment he was calm again. "It'svery strange," he said; "I don't think Miss Hardoastlo would have given the order if she bad known who I am, I am Mr. Stayploton Eld. ridge, of thebo Priory my man." The eeooper lnow the name well, and touohed his hat respeootfally. "If you were to write to Miss Hard oastle, sir, I'm sure you would obtain her permission to fiso hero soon enough ; but until then, I know it's as much as my plaoo is worth to admit you," he said. You are right; of sourse you must do your duty, and I will write to Miss Hardoaustlo to-day," replied the young man; and still feeooling terribly put out -for he know Ella would be waiting for him-he walked away. "Fine chap--gueoos the misuans has rifed him this time; old Squire Eld. ridge's son, is he ? Then ho'll be a lord some day--luk for him." And Jim Yatos sauntered back to his not tags. When Ossar reaohed home he found a tologram, forwarded from the neighbouring town, on his table. He toro it open impatiently, and then his faoo changed and he rang the bell violently. " Quiok I" he oried to the servant, "order the dog-oart instantly. I must bo off at snoo. Oh, hbavonvse I shall I be in time ?" And he read the telegram again eagerly. It was from Dr. Rainor, a physioian of eminence at Oannos, and oontained these wordo:- Your father dangerously Ill--uome over at And in half-an-hour Onsar was on his way to the nearest railway station as fast as his quick-trotting-horse could take him. Ho did not forgot Ella, however. He wrote her a note, explaining matters; but the letter never reached hebr; Jenet Drew received it, and into her capacious pocket it was dropped, and then, after being care fully perused, cautiously put into the fire. " No one will ever know about it," she thought to hereelf, as che watched the flames devour the tiny miceive; "and if the note is inquired after, I shall esay I left it on the etudy table; but he won't be back yet aiwhile, and it will all be forgotten before then. Dear me i I might almoet have epered myself the trouble of going to Jim Yntes's cottago this morning. I wonder hae miss got tired of waiting for her lover yet ?" and she smiled maliciously. Meanwhile poor Ella had been sitting hour after houtr by the willowo waiting, and when at length the luncbohon-bell rang, weary and dispirited and fearing that Occar must have some and gone before Janet had returned from the neighbouring town, she returned to the house. She could not settle her. self to any occupation, but wandered listlessly from room to room till the sun began to set. A surpriose awaited her in the evening however which raised her spirits ogain almost to their usual height. Towards eight o'clock a fly drove up to the door, and from it descended Miss Hardeantleo. " Oh I auntie, auntie I this is joyful indeed I" she cried, throwing herself into Miss Hardeastle's arms. " How glad, how thankful I am to oee you baok once more." " And I to come, love. -How d'ye do, Janet 2 take my cloak), Aunt Bean. fort died on [Sunday, Ella, and was buried yesterday; and so my task was over, and I am here sigoin." " And how are you, aunttie " said Ella, drawing her into the hall and looking at her anxiously; " not over done, I trust ?" " I--ob II aim tough enough, my love," replied Miss Hardeastlo ; "but how are you ? Why I I declare you are looking pale and thin, darling. I shall send for Mr. Hurley at once." " No, no, auntie ; now you are back I shall soon get all right. Besides I am not a bit ill, only tired-I've beeoon out all day," But Miss Hardcastlo looked at her several times with anxious affection ate eyes as they sat together that evening; there was some subtle change in her darling she felt sure, but sebo was unable to decide what it COIIAPTER IX. Next day Ella watubed with feverish expectancy for the arrival of her lover. Oflo ourse hbe must have beard of Miss Hardoastle's return the evening before. All the villago know it, and of sourse he would not lot the day pass with out paying her his promised visit. She stole down to the stream in the early morning, hoping to meet him, but he was not there; and in the ovening again, when all hope of a visit from him was over, selo wandered disooneolatoly beside its flowery banks, and waited, half hoping he might ap pear, but in vain, end when the sun sank to rest she returned sad and dispirited to the house. "Ella, I have something to toll you, and I have just bheard a piece of nows," cried Miss Hlardoastlo as she came into the drawing-room. Janet tolls me old Mr. Stayploton Eldridge is dying. His son, who has been down at the Priory lately for the fishing season, was telegraphed for, and went off yesterday post-basto to France, But that won't interest yenou so much as what I have got to tell you about oursolves, whilch is that we shall have to go up to London in a fortnight's time and may have to remain there some weeooks. Aunt Beaufort, it seems, has made me her exocuatrix and loft me five thousand pounds. I wish she had done nothing of the kind; I didn't want her money, poor coul, and I didn't want the trouble of all the law business the will will bring on my shoulders, and I didn't want to go to town this year. However it's no use grumbling, for I have to do it of course; but what's theo matter, love; don't you like the idea of going to London 2 You look quite taken abalck." "I-oh-yes-no-I don't mind, auntie," replied Ella confusedly. "What is the matter with Mr. Stayploton Eldridgo, do they say; and-and-what is his son like 2" " Old Mr. Staypleton Eldridge 2 What makes you ask, child ? A stroke, I believe. Serious for him, for he is an old man. As for the son, Oscar, as they call him, I romembor-. But you look quite pale, Ella; what's the matter, love?" and Miss Hard ooetlo looked at the girl in alarm. "1 fool a little giddy. I've beeoon out in the sun to-day-it's the heat, no doubt," faltered Ella, as her aunt took her hand, felt her pulseo, and pronouncing her dooidedly feverish, ordered her to her room to lie down and rest hersoelf, whilst she propared some cooling drink for her. And Ella throw herself on her bed, her birain in a whirl of exciteomont at what she had just learnt. Oscar was Squire Eldridgo's son, then. Why had he never told her so 2 His aboonoo was explained, and explained satisfastorily. Doubtless he had boon too hurried to write to her, It was but natural he should hasten away, and perhapo thoro was really not one minute to spare boeforo he left in whioh he could have written to her, And, though h she ymathisnd with her lover in his trouble, yet hebor heart on one score felt easier and at rest onse more; her headaoho vanished and oho was able to discus plans for their seuottlement in London tolerably ohoorfllly that eovening with Missne Hardeastle. In a fortnight'so time Mino Hard castle and Ella weoro settled in town, and oao many weeks weore over, Miss Herdoastlo had boon visited by a largo oirolo of old friends, and Ella's boeauty began to be talked about in thebo fashionablo world, It wus understood that on anooount of bor mourning aid the besoat part of the seasonon being over, she would not be in troduced that year but many were thebo onurios who tried to obtain a poop at the now beauty, whose graoe and lovelinopes, no well sno rumoure respeoting some mystery that onvol opod her early years, maode hei more than usenelly intereting, and everyone prophelsied she would arutedly be thebo centro of attraction during the ensu. ing taEon. Things w;re in thie state-- Janet burning with anger againust Ells, while ahe, poor girl, wao ignolant even of the feeling ehe inspired, and inno cent of anRuy ill-feeling towards the old waiting-woman, when Miso Hardcretle euddenly fell ill, and before many days were over a painful cand deungerouas malady declared itself. From its outeet Ella was her aunt'e constant attendant, and never left her bedeide. Janet had wished and oan deavoured ito keep her out of the sick room, and to conetituto herself (as in former days) sole and reeponsible nurse to the invalid; but this Ella had quietly but firmly opposed, and had taken her place at once in the invalid's chamber. And soon Miss Hardenstlo could boar to be attended by no one else, and thebo doctors speed ily found what a far more efficient nurse Ella was than either Janet or the hired attendant who had been called in at their request. "If you aunt pulls through, and we have ovoery hope she will now, Miss Ella," said Sir J W-W-to the girl one morning in Janet's hearing, "it will be all thanks to your good nursing ; we could have done nothing without you; servants are worso than useless; we require intelligent, educated people to carry out our direootions. Don't leave Miss Hard oestlo alone a moment more than you can help for the next day or two; keep her under your own eye, and then all danger of a relapse will be over. That old servant of your aunt's is very anxious to manage everything, I can see, but you musun't lot her," and the groeat man pocketed his foo and departed, little dreaming that his caroloes words zegarding Janet had decided poor Ella's fate in the mind of her deondly enemy. For Janet Drew that night made a resolution, that come what might she would swoop Ella for osne and for over out of her path, and so regain her former position as friend and confidanto to Miss Hardoastle. (To be continued.) 