FIRST MAH IH. A BRAVE DEED. Among the many negro nations, dif- • fering widely from one another in speech ! and physique, who obey the rule of the White Queen, as she is termed through out the West xVfrican littoral, there are none more remarkable in their manners and customs, nor harder to manage, ■than the tribes who inhabit the limitless swamps and littBe know'h forests of the (Niger delta. They are all men of huge stature, with arms' and chests splendidly developed by constant labor at the paddle, for they practically live in Jtheir dug-out canoes, but with the weak lower limbs of the negro. A little while ago, King Shaillu of Hioba, not having the fear of the Government before his .eyes, and disregarding what had hap pened when the strong-hold of the river pirate '■ana wont down before the wrath of the Protectorate, built himself a' strong- stockade around his city of mud iwalled huts, and took counsel with his Ju-Ju men as to how he might most easily acquire power and itches, and make a name for himself, as did liis fathers before the coming of the white men. Soon afterwards mutilated corpses of unfortunate slaves commenced to draft down the rivers with every fresh et, and inland traders, arriving at the scattered coast factories, told strange tales of men buried alive among the .foundations of new houses or stockades. At last it was determined that Shaillu should be made an example of. Silently file by file, with scarcely the •crackling of a twig or the rustling of a leaf to mark their passage, the Yo rubas moved down the steep bank, for ‘they had been trained in forest warfare from childhood, and had held their wild land with spear-blade and flintlock gun against the fierce tribes of the Western iSoudan and the Arab raiders from the northern desert. Captain Cranton .watched them flitting like ghosts through the shadows, and abused the clumsiness of his subaltern, who tore his way noisily with nervous haste ■ through every obstacle, until he heard their feet sucking in the soft! mire. Pre sently there was a splashing by the edge of the ford; then the sound melted into the gurgle of the river, and the last dim figure disappeared into a drifting cloud of mist- .... “Get on there, this is no time for . rest.” said the Captain as the leading Hies halted; and he hurried forward only to sink breast deep in a steep-sided hollow, and to wonder if they had blun . ’dered and lost the track across the ford. While he hesitated there was another roar of flintlock guns and a shower of jagged potleg sang past overhead and ^..splashed along the surface of the river. lapsed, a limp hhap, into the stream"’iv comrade dashed forward, but it was too late; there was a choking gasp, and with • an oily gurgle the muddy current closed over a ghastly face, and the .Yoruba was gone. The soldiers stared at one another for a moment, and a few of the Snider butts came home to the shoulder with a . rattle, but Captain Cranton said sternly, . “The man is dead; the first who fires without my order dies also. Forward there!” Then, with set teeth, the Yorubas went ahead, floundering and splashing, struggling shoulder deep against the •power of the stream with uplifted rifles, while the sickly Doctor gasped for fbreath as he was half carried, half dragged, wildly through tiie water. Just ' as they came dripping out of the river, a long trail of fire streamed upwards across the midnight sky, and" a deto nating rocket burst into a cloud of . crimson stars far overhead, to show . that the landward gate had gone down before the attack of the flanking party. While the evil-smelling vapor was still eddying and drifting along the face ■ of the stockade, with a yell the Yoru ; has rushed forward, stumbling and blundering over shattered logs and glowing cinders, half choked by the sickening odors of the explosive, and swept down the main street of the vil ■ lage, di-iving the river-men before them at the bayonet-point like a flock of frightened sheep. Some one had hurled a blazing torch into a hut, and the roar • ing flame leaped forth from thatch to thatch, throwing a lurid light on the ' crowd of naked figures flying for their lives between the lines of mud-walled ■huts,or scaling the palisade and flinging ’themselves over into the darkness out side. Dripping with perspiration, and scarcely visible through the stifling smoke-wreaths, Captain Cranton dash ed along at the head of his men, swing ’ ing his revolver and threatening, in . hoarse breathless gasps, all kinds of . penalties on the man who fired without his order; for lie knew if the Yorubas once got beyond control there would he no human being left alive in the town. While the doctor wondered what he should do, a chorus of yells, hisses, and : whistles rose from behind a cluster of huts, and presently a handful of black soldiers came into sight, giving way • slowly before a wild mob of naked river ' men. There was no time, to load or ’fire. Spear-heads and the brass-bound .butts o£ the trade guns rattled and crashed among gleaming bayonets and brown. Snider barrels, for the Yorubas .were fighting desperately as they went, four of them'bearing what appeared to ‘be a shapeles heap of tattered lcarki .uniform upon a layer of woven palm fibre, torn out from the side of some headman’s house. “Stop them—stop them—one time !” shouted the doctor, but liis men needed .no felling. With the wild; shout of the northern raiders ringing out above the . clash of spear and rattle of Snider butts they drove forward, and as the bright steel filled up the narrow way the foe 'yvere .held in check for a few moments. . Staggering up to the side of the rough litter, Surgeon Marsland felt the grasp •of the big Yoruba sergeant on his fshbulder, and heard a voice in his ear; ■ ‘‘Officer man live for die, Sah; river .man chop him with, spear. Say, carry ne first through stockade, alive or ! “Never mind what he said, let me get at him. For heaven’s sake, keep those brutes back, he’s bleeding to death,” '.shouted the doctor, shaking off the ’grasp and bending down over the still .form. Young Liseombe feebly raised ■his head.“Good-bye, I’m about finished; but T was first man in,” he gasped. Without a word the doctor slit the tunic from the arm, and wrenched open his Instrument case as he saw the bright . blood pulsing in jets from a severed artery. “Oh, for two minutes, just two minutes!” he groaned, as he slipped a rubber tourniquet around the white skin; but even as he did so, the crowd of river-men surged madly forward; there was a clash of bayonets and spear . heads, and though the Yorubas parried and lunged desperately they staggered and yielded ground before the dead weight of numbers. Never turning his eyes, the doctor • went quietly on with his work, in a grim race to save his comrade’s life. ■ 'Just as the thick rubber, biting into the ’ firm flesh, choked down the spurting blood, the Yorubas broke away, and a huge naked river-man swung a gleam- ’ ing matehett back to the full sweep of his right arm to deliver the resistless cut the West African knows so well at the doctor’s head. Almost instinctively Surgeon Marsland closed his eyes. Then he felt himself hurled on one side as something rushed past him, and, glanc ing round again, saw the red bayonet of Sergeant ICoffee shoot past at the point from behind the shoulder and slide into the negro’s naked flesh, until j the socket clashed against the breast bone. Almost simultaneously he heard I the Yoruba’s shout, and the swarming j foe split up and melted away into fly I ing groups as, swinging his spitting re I volver right and left, Captain Cranton swept past at the head of his men. Then his overtaxed strength gave way, and he collapsed a limp unconscious heap across the foot of the litter. Before morning Hioba was a heap of smoking ruins, and Shaillu a prisoner fast bound with ‘titi creepers. -“Mac rmllan 