A Ghost Surprised. ' Acting the legitimate drama of the goat ' is a forcible but familiar way of intimating that somebody's making a fool of himself. In Adelaide, recently, Mr. A. Rudd combined the two parts — the goat and the ghost — :and was fined £i 5s for the combination. It was this way. At dead of night he left the Wesleyan cemetery in a sheet,, and' on reaching the high-road said ' Thomas Meddal,.I claim you' to ? a person of that name just passing. ' Take me ' re sponded the unabashed Tom, as lie gave the spirit a severe blow of a bludgeon about an inch over the left temple. The opinion is almost universal that .in inch lower and the ghost would have never walked again. Some regret is further expressed that 'twasn't that distance under. The apparition' started like,1 a guilty thing, which was no wonder, con sidering it had been lifted a foot off the ground by the impact. Then came a scrimmage, a rending of the spirit's veil, and a full exposure of Rudd, who was obliged to clear at a run into the wan moonlight, with Meddal clattering at his heels. The police court, the fine, and the magistrate's comments on the . foolish business tell the remainder of the story. But there are some reflections th'at^'wiil inevitably occur to a healthy mind in connection with the silly affair. One is that, if you're bent on being a shade be fore your time, it is as well -to make sure of the person you shadow— -to study his idiosyncrasies and ascertain how v he'd probably behave in novel circumstances. It was through neglect of this obvious canon of procedure that Rudd ran against the wrong man. He had a wolf by the ears from the start. Again, to leave a Wesleyan cemetery at midnight but arouses suspicion. The members of that pushing persuasion are so earnest in life and in death that when one of them is properly 'planted' he's done with. Ghosts of other denominations have been known to walk, to revisit ' the glimpses of the moon, to bear tidings of joy or sorrow to afflicted relatives. But, so far, no well- authenticated case of a Metho dist spectre has been .brought forward. Once down, they are as well - and truly laid as the fou ndation-stone of a pyramid. Nothing but the ultimate trumpet will arouse them. A superficial or a flippant writer might work in here some ghastli ness such as ' Ruddier than the cherry,' the dangerous person to ' Meddal ' with, and other impertinences bearing on the names of the principals. Tho subject is too serious for such levity. The pnd opinion that can be confidently ventured in view of the whole affair is that when Mr. Rudd next takes upon himself to appear in a supernatural character he'll avoid moonlight, Wesleyan churchyards, and ill- fittiug or easily-torn sheets. Moreover, when he hears of a new medal being Btruck for any object he'll pause and think. 