FARBAM'S MISSION. ♦ ? .. ? -- -??- -?*- - ?? ? ? ? IBy Ernest Favene.) OME folks hare f-ecfl- Mr notions concerning their last resting place,' remarked . Jim, as he handed me luy niateli bos back. 'I once knew a man. \vho uiafle Inore fuss about his grave that was to be than he did about the house he liv ed in. His name was Farrar — Joseph Par rar— and he had a nice t$t of property of his owu. Suddenly he took the idea into his head that he was about ltd die shortly, and it would be most advisable rtp see about getting his grave ready. He bought a plot of ground hi the local cemetery, bad a- very large grave dug, and proceeded to lay It out fn a most .artistic manner, or in iwhat he considered an artistic manner. His mam idea was to provide comfort in his grave. He remarked to me: 'You know you 'have to live in a house only a comparatively short time, a few years in fact, whereas in a ? gfcaye'you settle down to stay.' 'I replied that there was this difference— ffihat you could appreciate the comfort of your bouse when alive, while you were not in a position to judge of the comfort of your grave jwaen you were dead. ' 'I'm not so sure about that, Jim,' he said. *ft'e mostly carelessness' on the part of the B&ryivors.; A poor devil when he's dead and Uncomfortable can't get up and have things ptit straight for obvious reasons. Now, I am not going ^to trust to anybody, but I'll just see to it myself.' „ 'He started to work, and had his grave ? neatly bricked with fancy bricks and the floor tiled. It Teally looked, quite nice and epoL and he was so delighted that he used to spend some hours there nearly every day, and once asked me down to admire it. The parson and trustees of the cemetery remonstrated, bat-he squared them, for he didn't mind ex pense; but when he took to having a few friends down to partake of what lie called fight refreshments', consisting of whisky and (tobacco, they objected very strongly, but could do nothing. * They overhauled ail the ? i?yJaws, but there was nothing amongst Ahem to meet the case, and if they passed a fresh one it would not affect Farrar because ihe held his ground under their own old regu lations. 'He decided to grow pumpkins and melons above his future long, last home, and gra dually made it quite a fashionable resort in ihot weather.. Everybody wae anxious to be long to the Reformed Tomb Club, and the thing bedame a public scandal. The trustees threatened- to obtain an injunction to stop his using the grave during his life tune, until the Stew decided the point, but Farrar euchred ttteem again. There was a mortgage on the cemetery, as there is on most cemeteries, and ?Etarar bought the mortgagee out, and threat ened to foreclose and shut the burying place tip altogether if they didn't desist, and they !had to. But Farrar acted square. He in sisted on order and decency at his reunions; no loud nor loose talk, and no boisterous daughter; everything was well conducted. He explained that he had a great moral purpose in view — he was educating the people up to ithe . beauty of comfortable graves, teaching (them to disabuse their minds of the popular toorror of the tomb as a loathsome and fright ful place, to be shunned; whereas the charnel house could be made into a flower garden of delig-ht. . He got quite puffed, up with the Idea that he Tvas a social reformer, and began to taJk of standing for the Assembly and ad vocating granting licences for graveyards and making them popular places of resort. ? 'Now, as long as there were free whisky and tobacco to be got in the grave, you may be sure that he had a strong party behind, 'him, but the end came to what might have developed into a great national question that \- .would have beaten federation hollow. / 'The end, of course, came in the shape of a woman. It's generally a wotoan who stands * in the . path of progress. Her name was Smiley — Sarah Smiley — and she had iong fixed her -hard, blue eye upon Farrar. When it came to the money, which she persuaded iherself was to be rightfully hers, being, spent \- in graves and free entertainments, she began to take active .measures. ?? 'She professed great sympathy with Far rar'e idea, said that it took from her mind all 'terror of death, and, in fact, .made her rather anxious to expire. Farrar invited her to see ?the grave, and she consented to go provided the pipes and tobacco were cleared away. .That was done, and Miss Smiley visited the spot, and gave her opinion that it was a 'heavenly place, . and that she was certain Joseph Farrar was not such a wicked man as people said he was. She so praised the grave and Farrar that 'in a weak moment he pro 2-osed that she should share the grave with !bini when the time arrived. Naturally, she Jumped at this as a genuine offer of marriage and accepted- him straight out, but poor Far xar explained in vain that it was only a gene ral and platonic ? kind of invitation to her as a new convert; a sort of encouragement But she' had nailed him, and he couldn't draw t)ack under a breach of promise case. Need Bess to say,- his friends felt it deeply, for they foresaw the end of their diversions. The snafriage came off, and was anything but a joyous ceremony. 'When a man marries un der threat of a 'breach of promise action he doesn't feel over and' above cheerful, and 5'arrar looked about fit to occupy his grave permanently forthwith. Her first step was to insist upon the grave being covered in and the meetings stopped. Farrar held out a long time, but at last she nagged him into it, and he consented on condition that he might ihoM a farewell meeting. The boys solemnly \- wiled up at the appointed time, but there was not much joy about it, and it was the most appropriate meeting to tlieir surroundings they bad yet -.held. When it was over Farrar bade them all an affecting farewell, and eaid that he*would like to remain there and smoke a hist pipe by himselCso they climbed up' the ^fladder. and left Mm there. 'Farrar did not come home, and when night came Sarah became . anxious and started for the gfave with a man with a lantern. No one answered them. The ladder was there still, and the. man went down. There-were the re mains of the late meeting, but no Farrar, nor sign of him. Nor was there any sign of him anywhere for many weeks, although the country, side was searched by energetic par ? ties high and ^pw.- The bride was inconsol sluic, 2luu iue more so us particularly nasty . ;:' remark^ were: made by her neighbors, and \\.. duly retailed to her by her dearest friends. *;' ?j^ese.were to the effect that she had hunted f ? .' 4he:po6r man to.deaiih, and it was no wonder fhat'ihe. unhappy Farrar had fled and .con*-', mitted euieide, rather' than remain tied to 'a' \- woman,; ,who . had threatened him with a breach -lf promise action .into marrying net Macs. Faniar. had anythmg but a pleasant time «f rit {Meanwhile aR sorbs of Snmors came in about the missing Farrar. He had been Been on a bike 2(K) miles west ot^Bourke, He had «haved off hie ijeard'g^ moustache, and was a barmaid at -Gpolgaxdie. He had joined the Salvation Army, and hadT-een «een gelling 'War.;C*ries' in Sydney. At last, af ter jbeingr vainly advertised for, the lawyers in jthe -ae^ghbdrlng townsMp produced his will, made soon after his. marriage. '- 'The contents seemed to show that, the . missing man evidently contemplated his dis appearandl. He left all hie property in trust to his two brothecs, with the exception of an allowance . of thirty shillings a week to his *idow -and a salary for- the' management of ?his properties to his two 'brothers. His grave was not to he closed Jintii his. body was laid In it, no matter how long it was kept open. When he was properly buried his property .was to be divided amongst his relatives, who were to continue the allowance to his widow as long as she* remained single. * 'It was a regular Tom Fool of a will, and neaiiy fcroke Mra^Farrar^s heart She tried to upset it on the ground of insanity, and claimed a third, share. But Farrar was a .good, sensible -maa^-barring- the exception of having his grave made ^comfortable and then dying where he could not be put in it,. if &e; was dead; .lie lawyers told her she would have no case, and she had to meekly subside on her one pound ten; for the court decided that the will should: hold good for a certain number of years, or until either Farrar . re turned or his corpse was found. 'Every few months the advertisement for the missing Joseph .Farrar duly appeared, and a reward was offered for information concern ing bis whereabouts or proof of his death, but nothing came of it and the grave, from being left open, began to cave in at the sides and generally fall into decay. A year or two had passed, and Sarah Farrar began to cast sheep's eyes at a certain wealthy old fellow who was a neighbor of here. He was only known to spend money in one way, and that wasgoing to law^ That was the one joy of his existence. He never paid anybody until they summoned him. He had just had a long and interesting case .decided against him; a case that had lasted two years or more, and had been a most exquisite pleasure to him, so that he felt quite lonely, and miserable when it was decided. Although he had lost' the verdict did not carry- costs of both sides; so the other man, although he won, was ruined, and old Daniels— that was his name— was just as pleased as if he- had won it 'He cast about for another source of amuse* ment, and thought that Farrar's will was the very thing. Farrar was dead right enough, of that he was convinced. If he married Sarah he would fight the will, and claim her full share as widow; so they agreed to ^et married, but it broke his heart at the idea of relinquishing the thirty shillings a. week. But it had to be done. The Farrar' brothers were smart men,' and not. likely to give up an inch of their legal rights. So he married the widow and the law suit 'The brothers were not at all happy, for the will, though clear enough in intention, was loosely worded, and it seemed that the neces sity of finding the corpse of Joseph and clos ing up the grave properly was the main thing. As long- as there was any doubt of his death and the grave, which was In a frightful state now, was open, old Daniels nearly plagued them to death with Injunctions and interdic tions, and other law missiles to stop their meddling with the property, that it seemed very soon that there would be nothing left to fight over. 'The brothers tried all sorts of dodges to get a reasonable and likely corpse to pass for Joseph. They were accused of putting away half a dozen swagmen, and carting their re mains underground to ripen to the proper 'age. Dead cows' bones and horses' skeletons were selected, but none of them answered the purpose, and the grave remained open. 'Daniels lost case after case, and every time he paid a lawyer's bill he cut down the household expenses, until at last there was nothing left td cut, and poor Sarah was well week, which at least was enough to get some thing to eat' 'It was a bright moonlight night, and one of the brothers was coming home from the township past the cemetery, when he heard somebody cursing and swearing a good 'un. He was not a superstitious man, and he hung his horse on the fence and went quietly in on foot to see who it was. It was near the grave that had made all the fuss, and when he got close he saw a figure like his missing brother's, damning and cursing everything an inch high and an hour old, at the state the grave was in. He made out for certain that it was his 'brother in flesh and blood, no ghost could have indulged in such talented blasphemy, «o he went boldly up and accosted him. Joseph turned on him and gave him an almighty dressing down for the way the .grave had been neglected — said he had come home on purpose to die in it, and now it was not in a state to receive the corpse of a dead blackfellow who had died of paralysis. 'They had a long confab — Joseph told his brother how he had felt so. mad at Sarah yarding him up with a breach-of-promise ac tion that he had determined to give her a lesson, and had cleared out He had gone to West Australia -and been very lucky,' but got typhoid fever bad} and thought he'd come home and die quietly, and be buried in his own special grave; and found it full of old bricks— it was too bad. 'They made it up, and Joseph was informed of how the land lay. When he heard that his widow had married- old miser Daniels he was overjoyed when lie thought what bad times Sarah must be getting, and wanted to go away again at once and leave her to it; but his brother managed to persuade him otherwise, and they concocted a plot between them and parted. Tom Farrar announced the next morning that it was a disgrace to the family, the dilapidation that Joseph's grave had fallen into, and he was going to have it restored. It was a crying shame that when one member of a family had made a nice cosy grave for himself the others did not try to keep it in order, but let it go to rack and ruin. Perhaps the poor fellow was laid in some cold, wet place, where even a ghost would get' influenza. He wouldn't be a bit surprised if the ghost of Joseph came back to see about it. 'As soon as the news of the restoration reached old Daniels he proceeded at once to take out an injunction to stay proceedings, but it was so long before the matter came on that the grave had been finished before then, -and he couldn't well pull it all down again! Meantime Sarah was very ill — what with the worry of the law suits, to which she was not accustomed, and the semi-starvation that old miser Daniels indulged in, she took sick and began to think of her coming end. 'She recognised that if she hadn't commen ced by -trally-ragging Farrar she would have been decently comfortable!, and would have had a nice respectable grave to go to, instead of being married for a lawsuit and half starved to death. But she eaid it was a judgment on her as she had married Farrar by a threat of going to law. Just before she died she sent for Tom Farrar and begged to be buried in the grave which had been fresh ly done up. Now, if old Daniels had known that she' wanted to be buried there, and Tom had consented, he would have planted her body anywhere to have stopped it; ; but hp didn't know, and, ^out- of sheer, thoiroughgd ing ciissedness, he demanded, as a right that she should be buried there, and when 'Tom pretended to reluctantly consent he went, about with his head up, boasting how he had made those Farrars knuckle down*tet last 'When- Joseph, who was lying sick, for he had never shaken off. the typhoid, and was keeping -juiet in the town about fifty miles away, heard of Sarah's' death 'and her desire to bejbuiiedlnthevgrave he £ad made, he .was. greatly^ pleased at her. showing such re fonnation before death. And the 1 idea of his worfc'hqt;bejng thrown aw^y was nearly too much tt&^wii pi b$s weak state, but he re covered; a^iis^ .anxious to attend the funfe rai, but Torn persuaded him abt,to, because old Daniels would be there, and it would look . very remarkable 1» -see. itwp husbands attend ing theVfurieral of ;ohie and the same wife. Joseph consented to lie quiet a little longer, but he was much disappointed, for he wanted to make a. speech -oil- jkei occasion and point out the success, of his principles of burial. 'Sarah liiflr?i jereatftmeral, for. everybody wa|l anxious to see /flip :*£i#t Ibody i pnt i© the grave that had occasioned so much fuss, and after It was pver Tom informed the people that lie had heard of his brother, who was alive,, and'liad ^rjb^^:^'.^pi9]j^^ie'^i9'''|aajie money flijere;?bp|ttfra6 ja^'imr^^j^afig.' ^^ that the name on the stone would be Siarah Farrai* aha1 i-SSf - ^olels- ihiat she had aLper fect right j-: fi»e ;tourl-»a [In; tjiat^ii^e, and & was not done because old Daniels ^iad insist ed on it,./ This ^ was; a'great blow to the old man, and he went home very unhappy; but 'the next ..day, when the news' of Joseph being alive had got about, he began to have all the lawyers' bills coming in, for, ; of course; ; aa Sarah had never be^n his wife, he had no aortal right to her law suifis,' and the F^ffars threatened him with a number of complicated actions for suing them when he had -nothing to do with it; and Joseph pfonped to go for . him for starving his wife to/death, so Daniels had more law than he could tackie at one and the same time. 'But the old mab was plucky : hs 6haned up to them all,' and fought then) from one court to another, until he had not a,pfiflny left, and then the spiteful old man weAt'ahd cut his throat right over the nioe /cfeaii new. headstone erected to the late Sarah farrar. 'Joseph did not linger long. The intricate and various law suits that' had been occasion ed by Tiis eccentric conduct were talked of 'all. over the colonies and gave him great sntisfac-. tion. His portrait appeared in some of the papers as the founder of the 'Comfortable Grave Reform Society,' and they stated that -his first convert was his beloved wife, and that Daniels had committed suicide because he had been refused burial in the model tomb. All this w&s; very pleasant to Joseph, and he spent the last weeks of his life designing an elaborate tpmbstone for himself, with a glass frame let in, so that the newspaper portrait could be placed there. He died very happy at what he considered the success of his mission.' 