The British and Foreign Bible Society. ANNUAL MEETING OF THE GAWLER AUXILIARY. The annual meeting of the Gawler Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in the Club-room at the Institute, on Monday evening last. Mr. H. C. Taylor, one of the Vioe-Presidents, occupied the chair. The proceedings com menced with a hymn, and prayer by ' the Rev. D. Davis. 1UU VUJUUiM IWJW1 L Wits 1VWI UJT l»MQ UUU, Secretary (Rev. Walter Jones) as follows ;— 'The Committee of the Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society in present ing its report to its oobstitaeucy has little to say of anything else but routin » work, so far as its own duties are concerned. Karly in tbe year we lost ithe services of oar President (Mr. W. H. Robs, of the Uaion Rank) who has removed to New South Wales. We found in him a staunch friend and supporter. Whenever hi* services were required he cave them. Doubtless, where he is sow discharging bis professional duties be Will exhibit the same interest in the work of our Society. Your Committee has entered in the minutes » reaolotioa of thanks to him, a copy of which has been forwarded to him. One or two other removals have neae»is»ted . a alight alteration ia the list of nominated Coinmitteemen. With these exceptions the Committee and officers consist of the same tried and trne friends of the Sooiety. Th« real workers have to be mentioned, viz , the lady collectors. The annual meeting this year ia being held earlier than usual limiting the colleotora to comparatively brief time in which to do their canvassing. They were equal to the necessity. Their labors are finished in time for your Committee to decide upon tbe amount of the fee left to be ?eat to tbe Home Sooiety. In their visitation from house to house, they have distributed the South Australian Reports of tbe Bible Society, and in some oases other literature. The ladiea to whom we are indented are Mrs. C. H. Annells and Mi»a Limb ; Miw Gordon andMisa Mortimer; Mrs. F. H. Lewis and MiM Crace j MiuM. Duffield and Miss Bird ; and Miaa l^wio of Sandy Orwik. The reenlt* of theirlabora apeak forthenaelves aa submitted m the TMMure^s Balimoe aheet. It is pleasing to your Committee to. observe the general progress and stability of ths work of the parent Society. Among the PatrouB, Presidents, and Oonuntttea rf the English Board appear ih- namea of onr gracious Sovereign the : Queen, Archbishops, Bishops, Peers of the Realm, and m host of diatangoiahed fpepple. We are thankful for fteir interest, The real work, However, sannot be done ky them. Toe Auxiliaries ipread a knowledge of the work «moDg Ouristians of every name. From among these the Sotdety. finds its aupporten. The ispota of ihe Society are to be found in the majority of the capitslsand important oitletof tfce world. Finally, there is a email army of ootparteurs who travel to sell and teaoh the W-ora of God at contained ia the pages of the Old and New Testament. Through the laoors of several geueratioM jw-°cbmb0Msm and workers, covering 92 jwh tiw Bible in part or in whole ia printed snd«ironUtoa In upwards of 2301aogaagaa ?nd-varaioas.^ Ma twlieve in circulating the Word. of God. When the evangelist oan go and expound it well and good. Had it found its way only where the teacher went some of the brightest and noblest of the aohieved: mertta of Bible troth would be lacking at thU hour. The Rev. H. C. G. Mottle, principal of Ridley Hall, thus writes in hia 'Veni Creator1 :-i* Let me quote a few sentenoes from that grand and ?'Fruitful exhortation to the reading and knowledge of Holy Soripture ' our first homily of the first book* TJib Rr- rinf.nK- ia fnil n »«11 nt ? 1m W&ili;&ra; ' plain ways, and easy for every man* to use and to walk in, aa also of high hills and mountains/which few men ban' climb vnto; And whosoever gi veth his ' mind to ; Holy Scripture with !diligent study and burning desire it cannot be, saith St. Jno, Chryaoatoni that he should be left without help. For either God Almighty will send him some godly doctor to teaoh him, or else, .if we lack a learned man to iastruot and teach uai, God himself from above will give ? light unto our minds, and teaoh na these thlnga which are necessary for 'do; and ' wherein w«' be . ignorant. And in another glam CbrysoBtom saith that man's human and worldly wisdom needeth not to the under standing of Scripture, but the. revelation of. the Holy Ghost, who inspired the troemeaer. ing nnto them that with humUity aodT diligenoedo search therefor. Here is the cause of all our evils our not knowing the Scriptures.1 As supporters of tbe Auxiliary we thoroughly believe in this priupiple;' Therefore, are we here to*night rejoining in the measure of support that the Gawler Christian public has through many years given to the British and Foreign Bible Society. ..; The financial statement presented by the treasurer (Mr. C. H. Annells) showed i— Dr.— Balance, £39 13s. lid.; collection at public meeting, £1 7s. 3d.; amounts ool ieoted by Miss M. A. H. Duffield and Bird, £18 6a. 61.; Mrs. C. H. Annells and Miss. TottieLitnb, £4 18s. 61; Mies J. Lawis (Sandy Creek), £4 2s. Id.; Mrs. F. H» Lewis and Him Ada Oraoe, £9 16i. '3d,; Misses Gordon and Mortimer, £2 13s. 61.; Mm. Barnet (bibles sold). £16 43. 1J.; total, £97 2a. lid. Cr.— Donation to Bible Society, £40 ; bibles, £8 6s. 6d ; posting. 61.; rent of hall, £1 2a. 61. Bilanoe, £45 19j. 5i, Mr. Annetta also spake of the valuable assistance rendered by Miss Oaffiald and her mother (the late Mrs. Daffi«ld). He thought that if the money they had collected from the beginning were reckoned np it would amount to between. £400 and £500. (Applause.) The first resolution which was moved by' Mr. J. Donnell read :— 'That the offioers of this Auxiliary consist of the following gentlemen aod ladies : — President, Mr. E. Lucas ; Vioe-Presidents, Messrs EL C. ? Taylor and J. Donnell ; Treasurer, Mr. C. H. Annells; Auditor, Mr. W. R Lewis; Committee, the lady collectors. Mrs. C. H. Annells and Miss Limb, Mrs. F. Lewis and' Misa Crace, Misaes Duffield and Bird, Misses Gordon and Mortimer,. Miss Lewis (Sandy Creek), and Messrs Joo. Joaes, I. Glenme, bridge, sen.. P. Cheek, G. Moore, J. Thomas, J. Davies, C. Patterson, and EJgar Francis.' The Rev. E. G. Neil seconded the resb lution, and said he had listened to the report which had been read with great pleasure. He congratulated the Committee on the good work they had done, and hoped they would do as well in the future, ~ Carried. Mr. A. Fobgie proposed the seeond; reeo- ' lution which read:— 'That this meeting acknowledges the goodness of God during the past year and pledges itself to renewed effort during the coming year.' -' ''', The Rev. Granville Ramage who was present as the deputation seconded the proposition, and delivered an interesting address on the work and objects of the Society. The rev. gentleman said that he ' had come there at the request of the1 - Society. He might say that Gawler had ' certainly a great reputation as a Bible Society branch. He bad not, however,, come there for the purpose of cracking- up - the British and Foreign Bible Society . A great many had confused ideas with regard to the great work they were doing. It had been said that the Sooiety waa| a combina tion of cranks or faddists. Some of the best men and the most noble lives' were brought before them in some names that were connected with the Sooiety, Toe . Society translated for the public the word of God ia various forasB. It professed to bo an Association of great men, women, and children for the purpose of spreading the word of God and the holy BoriptareB through out the whole visible, as well aa the inhabited world. That meant a great deal more than they fancied. It entailed a great deal of work and expense and much sympathy on the part of tbe people. As to the work the Sooiety bad done he referred to the publication of bibles and testaments by the Sooiety aod to the cheapness with wbich* they could now be procured. ? A bible which some years ago cost 4s. 61. . conld now be obtained for Is. 4J.. and a testament which coat 61. could now be bought for Id. The Society had spent eince its inception over £12,000,000. The annual income was ^2i0,000. Siaea :tn» Society came into existence it had issued 144,000.000 of the Old and New Testaments. ; Toe number of different languages when the : Society began thia work was abont 50, bnt with the aid of the Society it had increased to something over 330. The rev. gentleman alBO gave otber particulars of what the Society is now doing. Then there was another question. Had the Society com- \ pleted ita mission ? Waa there any more to be done? Yes, a great deal. Them were too many * places that were yet untouched by Cartstun influences. What waa South Australia doing . in thia work ? In referring to the work S.-uth Australia had been doing be stated that the ? colony had issued 367.525 Biblsa and Testaments since the Sooiety was first established here Jo 1846, the number last year being 9,040 copies. South Australia had aUo nent home a total of £57,567 Ss. f 4d. to the parent Sooiety. (Applause) South Australia had cent home in,«he pa«fc year £350. Ia 1861 £700 was sent home* and nearly 400 bibles and 286 testaments' sold. In conclusion the speaker aatd that he was very pleased to hear sooh a .grand report and balance-sheet, ffe hoped tttey would continue fa thiB grand work.; He had very mnoh pleasure in aeoonding the reaolntion. (Applause.) Mr. A. H. HAEM8 proDo«ed 'That tbe thankeofthia meeting be accordea to tte1 lady collectors, those who have assisted In the singing, and all who have labored in the cause of the local interests of the British and Foreign Bible Society.' fie referred especially to the valuable aawsUnee /of ttie ladies, to whom the Sooiety wu much in debted. Referring to the position of the Society he understood that Mr. Jpheeb f#a- willing to get np the owtolio,' VThe Messiah,' the fanflB to te given to %e Britbh and Foreign Bible Society. ; ? Mr. Limb' seoonded.S V '?-'?':;.:-?.., ,..,;„*,--?? . Carried^ ; s\\.-^t -.~- %?'''''? ''.''* T - 