HEWS OF THE DAT, 'New Yeab's Eve.—-Tuesday evening last •—New Year's Eve—was avery tame time j In Armidale, and there was scarcely as j much bustle and excitement in Beardy-\ street as on an ordinary Saturday night. The business people, it appears, could not make up their minds whether they ought | to close their Stores or keep open that'even ing, consequently about half were closed at _ 6 o'clock and half remained open until 1 o'clock. The Armidale band was con spicuous by its absence, and beyond the Salvation Army, who occupied a promi nent position in Beardy-street opposite the - Imperial Hotel, there was no attraction whatever in tbe city. Several of the stor finding-it was no evening for bnsine closed before the usual time, and the became monotonously qniet before the ho doors were closed. At midnight the works' whistle announced tire advent I 1896, before which time, however, majority of the citizens were sleeping sleep of the peaceful, and on the mo there was not a gate or sign board j or any of those practical tricks which has been identical with this particalar ■ts past in Armidale. f| I) iony Hordern and Sons, of the Hay market, Sydney, through our Advertising columns, send a New Year's/message to everyone, which calls attention to their Treetrade prices, and asks all to take ad vantage of the new state r,f things by 1 ordering from them tixrc * ■'-he post.— Advt. : t A ^^TDI OF TO! WAiBAEAPi.—imOBg' the ptiengers-by ihe slBamer Waihora, which\^rived in Melbourne from New York o£%tnrday week, was Mr. Varboch, a resident oflh^lesfbrd, who lad bee%n a yjjait ; to jibe locality of the Wairataji wreck, near Iceland. For many mo^g after the wretlrMr.Varboch had vunljmaght tidhige^ hiB wife, but it was ;BC&ntii; about three .months ago that a,body .answering J|a description ofthat of th» «ii£o'tunute<|8^y had been , found • and buried by a«t±Ier on the Great Barrier • Island eoon iiter the date of the catas trophe. Onsa^jjpt of tbis ;intelligonce Mr. Taifbdc^Bho ^ neailyTOyears of a personal vis^tO)^ idand. Owing to the want of boards to construct a coffin,. the body, which.^ dothei in a flannel petticoat, bad|l^ai merely wrapped in some comsacks. aai ^jj scant pro tectkm placed grave, Strange enougb, however, upon being removed, from its resting place Rfter eo great a lapse of time it was found to be in a good state of preservation, andMr. Varboch was at once enabled to identify it as that ofhis wife. Singularly enwig^ sko, 30 out of a total of about 60 edVeteigns, with which the deceased had ISt home pn the fatal trip, where found carefully town into her petticoat, and it was evident that portion of the balance of the money had been torn away by contact withthe rocks. Having conveyed t3i© remains to AncUand. Mr, , Varboch bad a coffin.naadfifor ^em^aQd subsequently brought them on in th? Waihora for burial at Jbajdesford. The Queen's BjuUb.—The Queen's - health (says Woman) is causing no little - anxiety to her friends. Her Majesty by no means derived as mnch benefit as usual from her stay at Balmoral, and she now finds it difficult to walk aeingle step, even with the assistance of her stalwart High land attendants. Her Majesty's bedhite. dWfely bees lowered to within i few inches of the floor level, in order that^he may^ re tire and. .rise with the least possible exer- ■ tion. Her Majesty euffertalso from ex cessi ve somnolence t especiadlywhehdriviog, ■ and it becomes more hazardous to arrange the Court programme erenafew days in advance. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—Since last report: 1000 mixed sheep from Arrawatta to Armi- dale, John Lawlor, owner; 5000 wethers from Milroy, Brewarrina, to Cropps Creek, John M'Master, owner; 2700 we- thers from Wellington Tale to Tamworth, James Dwyer, owner; 12 Lincoln rams from New Zealand to Ilparran, W. F. Ogilvie, owner; 98 fat cattle from Coochin Coochin to Flemington, Bell and Hyde, owners; 203 fat cattle from Cambooya to Armidale, Armidale Co-operative Butcher- ing Co., owners; 2050 mixed sheep from Danlee Vale to Prairie Park, E. White, owner; 332 store bullocks from Pikedale, Qd., to Rockwood, C. F. White, owner.— Glen Innes EXAMINER. NAPPING IN CHURCH.—A writer in the Temple Bar relates some anecdotes shoot celebrated persons caught napping. Mrs Carlyle, with whom bad nights were the 4 rule, one Sunday afternoon deliberately11 took a nap. And the recording angel no-1 doubt made light of the offence on thepart of the tired hard-pressed woman, if he did not actually blot it out. This is how she confesses it, with not the smallest show of' compunction, in a letter to her husband. " When the sermon began I made myself, at the bottom of it (the Bailers'deep pew), a sort of persian conch out of the praying cnsions; laid off my bonnet, and stretched myself onfc very much at my ease. T seemed to have been thus just one dro1 minute when a slight rustling and words, 1 Now to Father, Son, and Ghost,' warned me to put on my bo: and made me for the first time aware I had been asleep." Charge of False Pretences at U: —A man named James Black, for obi a half-sovereign from the " lieutenant" the local Salvation Army corps on Chi mas Eve by means of a false pretence, on the 27th inst., before Messrs. Bo man an M'Mahon, fined £2 or 21 days in gaol. Accused took the alternative, seems that the Army was holding an open air meeting in front of the central store in Arrnidale-street, the flag was on the ground jf for the receipt of donations, and Mr. F-r Bixon, Jun., threw what he thought was ay sixpence on the flag, but on going up .A* street he th at he ... . half-sovereign among the < on asking" who had dpp ceptable Christmas gift, the was standing near the rmg, coin as his, and, after some hesitation officer gave the man tbo coin. SuE qnently Bixon, who proved the realownerV camehack, satisfactorily explained matters, , and Black was arrested by Senior Constable Harris. These and other facte were testi fied to by those whose names have been given, besides Mrs. J. M'Hugh, G. Wasson cashed a half-sovereign day-of theNew Tear a funereal gloom? Vhungpver the cathedralcity. and if it can fbe taken as an omen for1896, then we have time in front ofng^lvfee^moriilhg^ of persons Irhb preteized te g^ to places where sport Jhad beenprovided, rather than remain " jwhere no preparations were made for a iday*s outing, consequently the streets wore [a deserted look, and the proverbial cannon [would have failed to do any damage to [life or limb inonr principal thoroughfares.. [The day was beautifully .fine, andquite a number of small pic-nics were held in the immediateneighbourhood of the city, but popular holiday of the year was bring kept / up in onr midst. As it is quite a number/ of years since a Caledonian .gathering msf held in Armidale, perhaps \the Son Scotia in this district meeting for Caledonian 