THE DEAD LOVER. Tbe streets of tbe little mining town, with their stoop sidewalks of flights of steps and in clined plains, were blight with lights and gay with people. There was to.be an old folks con cert at the hall, and the young people who wero to . participate, in their quaint costumes of brooade and lace, had congregated, with much fun and laughter, in tbe parlour of t&e; one hotel, awaiting the time when they were to make their entrance to the concert-room, the men from one side and tho women from the Dther, in tho way of days gone by. Tho enter tainment was to close with a dance, tho old folks being in costume. The girls were flitting about the room, now pausing before the mirror to touch a powdered lock or to glance at a velvet train. The young men, looking at first rather solf-conscipus in their unaccustomed clothes, tbe silk coats, rulllod shirls, and short breeches, joined the mutual admiration society, aud all was lively with jokes and laughter nnd small rehearsals. A. pretty girl with tiulfy yellow hair and a whito dress brocaded with silver was flitting about among tho groups, i nquiring — " Where's Tom ? Have you seen Tom ? I do want to try our duet." " Lost Tom, Miss Amy?" laughed Harry Haatings. ' I declare you should tako botlur care of yotir property tbnn that." " How do you know be is my property ?" " Oh, a little bird told mo. Now seo hero ; if you'll promise me tbe Breond waltz to-night I'll go and look up the old fellow fur you. Secu him sinoo he dressed ? He ought to have lived in George Washington's time, ho looks so well in those clothes," The girl bltishcd and promised, and Harry started en his quest. Thoro was some confu sion aud quito, a littlo crowd about a door further duwn the ball, and as Hastings paused, Tom MoLaughlin camii from tho loom k'eyonrl. He was a very handsomo young man, though'his fnce now looked white nnd solemn. "1 say, old boy, what's the row ?" the other called. " Y'ou'ro wauled by a certain lady. Why, you look as if you bad teen a ghost." . "Ihavostena man die." "Patterson?" " Yes." " Well, that V rough. Consumption, wasn't it ?' " Yes," said Tom, briefly.' ' He made a motion to go in tho opposite direc tion from tho parlour. Hastings detained him. " Amy wonts yon." " Tell her I'll ho there preeonlly." j " Well, don't bo long ; we arc goiqg ovor to Uiu hall vory soon." . Tom went up to bis rcom. . Tho sccno he had just parsod through 'bad pat him out of tunu with thu guy doings about him. He could still see the set eyes slid quivering chin of the man who hnd died, and lie, too, was young. When ho went down to the parlour Amy was thrro alono, and decidedly cross. " I think it's too provoking of you, Tom 1 '.' r, ho pouted, .fluttering her silver and white plumsgo. " They're) all gonu over, and there isn't time to try our duet, . Whore have you been ? .... " With pour Patterson : ho has just died." ; " Oh, how dreadful ! Hut I . don't sen what msdo you go a visiting siolc folk on the night of our concert," she anid p. ttishly. Tho young man jookefi at heir in surpriso. " Don't be cross, dear," bo said. " This thing has about upset me." He was fastening her cloak, and she made an impatient movement. " I used to drop in to sec him every evening. The poor follow was a stranger here, and lonu- somo. He eamo for bis hualth. II cheered him up, ho said,' to bear what was goiug on, so to night I went, in to lot him sou me in 'these things ; I thought it might amuse him ; but I found him just going." . '/ Fearful I But Tom, wo must hurry ; they'll be waiting for us." .- "One moment, Amy. I' want to ask yon something. Tho poor fellow who died whs expecting his girl to-nightin the midnight train. Ha sent for her ; think what a shock it will bo to tier wliou she cornea l Would you mind if I went up to Die station to moot hoc and try tii make it a little easier ?" ' . " Mind ! I guess I should! Any. girl would! Why, it will ho just supper time, and I don't want to be left without a partner." " I could gut someone—' " . " I ilun't wnnt anybody but you, I don't kolieve that girl is iuucb, coming here alone to see him." " Would you not do it for me, Amy ?" " Don't go asking horrid questions ! Mamma wouldn't think of letting mo." ' " This poor girl hasn't any relations. She works in an oflico, Patterson told me. He thought everything of her. 1 don't : see how you oan help being sorry for ber.!"c . ; "Oh. I am I . Now Tom. don't be dis- sgreeablo !'.' pouting. '.' Come, we mint go !" \- Tom sighod. sud they went out into .tbe snowy strcat. . He could not fool in' touch with the gaiety. Ho found himself continually thinking of that young lifo just gone, of tho young girl journeylng.on in hopeto.fiud despair. Something crept into his tenor solo that night which made people say. " I didn't' know Tom McLaughlin could sing like that i it fairly made mo cry." Amy ' had recovered hor good tintnro. She laughud and dancod aud flitted (nbout like a fairy. Tom look bor to supper nnd roused himself to join'in tho gay talk, Sho thought he had forgotten their littlo dilforonce. In the dusky hall, as they wont back, sho looked up nt him with shining eyes. ". Tom," she whispered, '! do you know you're splendidly handsome to-uight ?" For qnswor he took her in his arms and kissed htr, ' Oh, you bear," sho lsugbsd. " You've crasbed my dress." ' A tell man was standing by Ihe door as they passed out. " Hullo,. Jake !" ealle.1 Hurry Hastings. " Why ain't you up at the station ?. Going to let tho passengers wslk down ?" " Plenty of tirao ; train's late. Due at onc« thirty." ' ..... j Tom heard. Ho took Amy into tho hnlli and her partner earne to claim her j then bo hurried over to the hotel. ' "Jake," he said, " I'm going with you.": Ho ran np to hit room, tore off his fancy into thu office. The old man who walohod the houbo waa warming bia hands at the stove. " Come, Johnny," he said, putting Borne money into his hand, " I want you to son that there is a goud fire in tho parlour when tho 'bus gets book. I'm going up to meet poor Patter son's girl. She is coming ,o- night, and it ia a cold ride down," " Poor girl I Sure, I'll do it, Mr. Tom." Mr. MoLjughlin opened tho diniug-ioom door. Tho tired wniters wuro clearing away the remains of the feast ; the diminished lino of dinner paiis'on the corner table showed that the miners working on tho night shaft had gono out. There wes no sign of tho landlady, j, Ho shut tho door. "Mrs, Cornish anywhere about, Undo . Johnny ? » ho naked. ' " Jist gone'toSier bed. Bho nao after Bay ing she was that, tired she oouldn't drag one fut ibohind'tho other"' "I rhall havototcHlhot poor thing my- self," he thought,! as ho went out and climbed i up beside JskoYon' tho old 'bns for tho mile's' j ride to'the station, 1 Tho tralncame slowly tbrongb' tho deep ont, I its two engines , puffing. It stopped but an I instant; thq mails were ' thrown ont and tho i paesjngors allbtjdy. ' Two men'' and a lady. Sho was evidently alone, and looked about , her nervously. McLaughlin wont up to her. , " Excuse me,'' ho said, " hut is' this Miss Abbott, Mr. Patterson's friend ?" " Ues," ihe said. , " My name is MoLaughlin, I came to meet you," he went on, possessing himself of her valise and helping her into tho stsgo. By tho light of the stationmnster's window llO saw that she was toll, with a sweet, gi-avo faco and luminous gray eyes. The rumbling nnil crunching of the, wheels through thu sliiF snow, and tbe prosence of other strangers, made con versation difficult. Tbo girl looked out over tbe snow at tho dirk houses which lined tho winding way down to tbe town. Tho young man was plauniug how to tell her. They drew np at tho hotel ; the light from the brilliant hall across the way Btrcamed out ; strains of a waltz and the sound of danoing feet eamo faintly on the night air. Tom hoped that sho did not notioe them. Unole Johnny had been true to his promise, and a fire burned brightly in the parlour stove. Tom placed a ehair for -her in the pleasant warmth, but she turned to liim eagerly.' " Tell me about him," she said. " Is b( better ?" . " Yes,'' he answered, avoiding her eyes. Ha wont on hurriedly, " I am going to brin| you something, and then you may question me. " Thunk you," she answered. : " I shall hi glad of something. I have been so anxious to day that I could not eat, but now I am here 1 must save my strength for him." , Torn wont out a suspicious lnnip filling Ill's throat. He returned presently with a oup ol lea and a troy of dainties, purloined with Undo Johnny's help from tho remains of tho ball supper. , When sho had lunchod she said— ' "I am so glad Henry is hotter.' Is bo on this floor ? I fancied from bis short letters that ho was very weak and (uflering." Tom wont np to her and took' her hand. " My poor girl," he said' huskily, " Honry will nover sulfur any more ; he is well." She grew very whito and turned away hoi hoad, but she did not cry. There was a Ionf silence and then she said in an altered voice- " When ?" . " To-night at seven ." Another silence. Then a sound of footstepi approaohing nnd a gay voice saying— " 1 think I must havo left my scarf iu horo It is cold in the hall." Amy entered, followed by Hairy Hastings. She gave one look at Tom, bonding over aud holding tbo band of tbo white-fuccd stranger, then without a word titrnod and wont out,f, followed by hor cavalior, his lips puckered fui a silaot whistle. \- Miss Abbot did not appear to havo noticeJ thorn. "1 must see hiin," sho said. Oh, not lo-night ! ' It is late, end you ars weary. Wait until morning." " No," she 'answeru.l, "now.;.. I must toll him I have comc. though it was too into." Unublo to move her. ho brought a candla and they wont through tho sileut halls to tho roam where hor lover lay in' all tho silent majesty of death, Torn set down tho light nnd uncovorcd tho still form. \ " I'll wait outside." he whispered. . After sumo time she joined him, her face now strained wilb tears. " I wiU go to ray room now," she said. " Ob, Mr. McLaughlin, how shall I thank you for your kindness to him ami to me ?" When Tom went back to the L-.il-room Amy. was waltzing. Ha watched tbe Tithe young figure, the flying feet, .-thq'; white and silver gown. There was a colour in the small fncs and a mutinous expression about the mouth which told bim ho would find it hard to ntoks peace. When sho was seated ho went to her, bat she did not appear to see him until ho spoke. " Amy—" . " Ob, it is you, Mr. MoLaughlin ! Have yol left your friend ?" . ' , " My darling, lotmo explain." . " I don't want to hear." Hurriedly slipping off her engagement ring, she gave it to him, " There 1 When you take her hand again, eliy that on j sho will bo glad of a new lover." The man's faco turned very white. / " Do you mean it, Amy ?" ho said. " Yes." ' ' : ' Bbo giwo a hard littlo laugh and beckoned with her fan. Hastings came up. . " Harry," she said, swcotly, ' I'm so tired | won't yon luko ine homo t" 'Tom looked at the ' tiny ring lying in hi hand ; its dinmond flashed up at him brightly | then be thought of the clear : grey oyes of thsf other girl who, had be but known, was to main tho happiness of bis lifo. " / 