Bathurst Daily Free Press 'Magna est veritas et prævalebit.' SATURDAY, MAY 30, 1896. Local and General. Dense Fogs.— The city was again this morning enveloped in a dense fog for several hours. The cold was intense and active movement was necessary to keep the blood in circulation. At the Expense of the Public Health, fabricators of poisonous fluids seek to make a discreditable livelihood by vending imitations of Wolfe's Schnapps— the people's remedy. Typhoid at Parkes. — To give some idea of the ravages made by the typhoid epidemic in Parkes, it may be mentioned that one medical man had 200 cases and over 20 deaths. The Schoolmaster Abroad — Observed on an up country selector's notice board : — 'Notis. — If any man's, or woman's cows gets into these here oats his or hers tail will be cut off as the case may be.' Leases Refused. — The undermentioned applications for gold-mining leases have been refused :— E. Stanley and another, Hill End, 10 acres and 5 acres, north of Root Hog ; G. Goldspink, Tuena, 3 acres, parish Garraman. Train Blocked at Blayney. — The passenger train to Sydney was blocked at Blayney yesterday morning, owing to the engine being off the rails at the points of the western end of the station. Another train was coupled and the passengers transferred, and sent on without much delay. Miners' Rights.— The bill to amend the Mining Act introduced by Hon. S. Smith last week provides that the sum to be paid for a miner's right or mineral license shall be 5s for one year or 2s 6d for six months ; and such right or license shall continue in force for one year or for six months, as the case may be, from the date of issue. Monday Evening's Meeting. — The committee in charge of arrangements for the visit of the Hon. J. Garrard, Minister for Public Instruction, have decided to decorate the hall for Monday evening's meeting and to arrange the work of the students in the form of an exhibition. In order that all who desire to inspect these exhibits may have an opportunity of doing so the hall will be open during the afternoon and all visitors will be welcome. Ready for Delivery.— Mineral leases are now ready for delivery to W. Brazanall, Sofala, 20 acres parish Mulherton ; M. J. Holstens, Rockley, 25 acres parish Bringellet ; R. Beeston, Tuena, 60 acres, parish Kangaloolah, The undermentioned gold-mining leases are also ready for delivery :— G. W. D. Bell and others, Hill End, 12 acres, parish Tambaroora ; T. H. Martyn, Sofala, 5 acres, parish Sofala ; C. N. Carey and others, Burraga, two 5 acres, parish Jeremy ; J. D. Cavell, Trunkey, 1 acre parish Mulgunnia. A Fight with a 'Ghost.'— A wire from Adelaide says:— A man named A. Rudd was charged at the police court on Thursday with unlawfully, disguising himself with a piece of cloth, and was therefore deemed to be idle and disorderly. Thomas Meddal stated that on the night of May 6 he was on his way home, when he noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wesleyan Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, 'Thomas Meddal, I claim you.' He answered, 'Take me, then,' and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost 'closed' with him, and in the scuffle the sheet was disarranged, and Meddal identified Rudd. The defendant was find 10s and costs — £4 5s in all. A Swagman's Death.— A wire from Hay says :— Two travellers coming from Trida Station to attend the races at Mossgiei came across the body of a man lying in a clump of timber about half a mile off the road near, Willandra Creek. The Mossgiel police went to investigate, and found that the man had apparently been dead some three or four months. He had a small swag, with the usual accoutrements of a swagman. Some of the clothing is new, and identified by marks as having been purchased at Laird's store, Mossgiei, but there was nothing on the body or swag to lead to deceased's identification, Deceased appeared to be of mature age. Mr Laird, J.P., accompanied the police, and gave orders for deceased's burial where the body was discovered. Molong Oranges. — Some fine samples of oranges, grown in Mr. Richard Riach's orchard at Gregra, were left at the Express office this week by Mr. E. Millgate. The fruit was large in size and of two varieties— one being a smooth, thin skin orange, the other having, a thick, rough skin— both exceedingly sweet. Two or three years ago, we remember (says the Express) some people contending that oranges could not be grown successfully in this district, as the climate and soil were not suitable for them. Judging by the samples from Mr. Riach's orchard those persons were much out in their reckoning, for the oranges grown at Gregra are equal as far as quality is concerned to those which come from renowned orange growing districts. Sofala and Wattle Flat Common. — Mr Hurley, M.P., has received the following :— 'Department of Lands, Sydney, 27th May, 1896. Sir, — Referring to your letter of the 18th inst., asking whether the proposed residential leases on the Sofala and Wattle Flat commons are to be 10-acre blocks for mines or a lease for pasturage purposes, I am directed to inform you that it is intended to make the land available for residential leases for miners, under the provisions of section 48 of the Crown Lands Act of 1889, and that, by section 50 of the Crown Lands Act of 1895, an area not exceeding 20 acres can be applied for as a residential lease. Wm, Houston, Under-Secretary.' 