The Puggleton Doctor. | CHAPTER II.— Continued On -norning Miss Marm'a had aeon hct^ffiorpS from the station, and was returning to the1 house when Dr. Narcissus' gig overtook hor in'the High- streot, and the doctor got cut. He seemed very much annoyed about something. 1 1 am so sorry,' he said, 1 but my old friend, Brander, of the London hospital, has an ominnus case under his care, and winhnii to consult me about it. I'm afraid I must go up at once He thinks the man has beon slowly poisoned.' Wjjcii Marcia fait forlorn. Aftor a moment's inward struggle, howevor, she recognised tho situation, nnd nccoptod it. ' I need hardly say how great the disappoint ment in to ine,' said Dr. Narcissus. 'I consider myself very patient, but wo are wasting the best years of our lives,. I would not for ono instau* endeavour to pnrsiiado you to break your promise, were it not that all this suspense is telling, on you. You will have to go away for change of air soon. What shall I do without you ? ' Miss Marcia smiled bravoly, although her blue eyes filled with tears. ' We have beeu patient ao long— so long,' she said. ' Surely we can be patient for a littlo longer. My father will give way one day.' Dr. Narcissus lost his Bolf-oontrol for once. 'Lsuppoue we must wait,' he said. 'You enn't realise how fair my life would bo with you to brighten all its selfish lonoli nesp.' 'Don't make me give way too*' she murmured. ' You have been so bravo ; and there will be all the pad evening and to-morrow. London seams so far away.' Dr. Narcissus left Marcia with a feeling that something must be done speedily ; he could not hold out for an indeSnite period. The 6trugcle was telling on his nerves. Why had he ever pmbarked on political discus sions with Marcia's father ? Politics didn't interest him in t.he least. The only reason he had interfered was because he could not stand tamely by and listen to old Mr. Jones's dogmatic nonsense. And yot thero were certain things which a man with any good in him could not stand tamely by and listen to with seeming acquiescence. All the way up to town ho pondered ovor the situation. Once at thoLondon Hospital, however, his thoughts wero given to tho case which he had come to diagnose, and he soon dis covered the poison from which the man was snffering, after eliciting the fact that he had lived close to oomo limekilns. The poison ous gases from the kilnB had forced their way through the crevices in his hut, and slowly taken hold of tbeir victim. About 10 o'clock that night Dr. Nar cissus strolled into the ever-busy Commercial road, Wbitechapel, resolving to take the early train home on Sunday morning, and surprise Miss Marcia by his unlooked for appearance in the afternoon He bad not been in the Commercial- road for years, and found it more interesting than ever. There was the same motely crowd, largely domi nated by persuasive gentlemen of ffebraical descent, who sold penny articles on the kerb, or gave away receipts for making one's fortune with heroic generosity. gHe lingered awhile among the old book- barrows vainly hoping to find a prize. It seemed to him that all the theological literature of the century had found its way into these dirty barrows. Sermons were sold at a penny a volume, or seven volumes for sixpence, one enterprising vendor, with reckless extrava gance, also offering to throw in a pair of braces and a bloater. Most of the barrows containing second hand tools and vegetables — vegetables which had spent the week in the Commercinl- road and aged years in that ? K4- lw l,nm- nonhl.n. ppoecotc Young ladies with feathers so goi'geously dyed that the parent ostrioh would - never hhve recognised them (the feathers not the young ladies) wandered up and down sucking barley sugar, or danced with characteristic /East End abandon the steps peculiar to the region. As the night grew late the indus trious poor came from neighbouring alleys in order to purchase their Sunday provisions at the innumerable butcher's shops which run along one side of the Commercial- road. Each butcher had two brawny assitants who kept up a continual chorus of ' This way, this way, lydies. Cheapest shop in the trade. 'Ere ye are lydies, this way, this way. Block ornaments thrown in.' Dr. Narcissus discovered that ' Block orna ments' were the little odds and ends of meat trimmed from off the purchases of opulent' buyers. If a poor woman bought something she was given a handful of '! Block ornaments ' from the block, in order to encourage her to come to the same shop on another occasion. The butchers who'di'I the most business were those with the loudest voices. Presently the doctors attention was attracted by a huge crowd in front of one shop from which resounded a voice loud enough to be heard twenty yards down the street. Dr. Narcissus strolled up to this shop full of idle curiosity to sec a man who could draw such a crowd. Suddenly something m the tone of the butcher's voice struck him as familiar. The next moment lie brushed hurriedly through the crowd nnd made his way to the owner of the stentorian voice. ' I'll trouble you for a few ' block orna ments.' if you please, Mr. Jones,' he sSid, quietly addressing a fat man in a blue blouse, who was, literally speaking, all over the shop at once. Mr. Jones let fall his cleaver on the toe of an intending purchaser, aud stared as if he had seen a ghost. . Then he heroically recovered himself, wrapjped up somo frag ments of meat, as purple as his own visage in a piece of newspaper, and handed tho parcel to the doctor, shouting out from force of , habit at tho same time, ' This i way, lydies— thiB way. The best man in the market. This way.' When Mr. Jones returned to Puggleton on Monday, Brighton did not appear to have agreed with him nearly ap muoh as usual. He could not oat anything at lunoh and wandered very furtively about the vil lage for the rest of the day, aa if not daring to enter the Puggleton Asms. At last, ho could bear tho Buspenoe no longer, and went in1. The landlord wao as deferential as usual ; Porker immediately assailed him with volumes of otatistics on the_ Irieh question: and everything went on just ae customary until Dr. Nai/l.ms'fl tali form ' JV darkened tbo doorway, ''y' ? -4.. ^ Jones groaned. The doctor had evidently come to expose him, and blast for ever his social aspirations in Puggleton. But tho doctor did nothing of the sort. He nodded in a friendly way to Jones, bowled Over Porker in five minutes, chatted for halfan hour with tho local veterinary, and then got up to go. Jones followed him anxiously through the inn yard. ' I should liko a word with you,' be said, in an anxious whisper, ' where these fellows enn't hear.' ' Certainly,' said Dr. Naroissus. with his usual bland politeness. 1 I'm quite at your service, Mr. Jones.' ' Of course you've go* me in your power,' said Jones, as they walked along 'I couldn't help i*. It's in my blood. If I couldn't have got into my old apron and blue sleeves again, aud shoutod at the top of my voice aguin I'd have diod. That's what hurt mn moro than ? dog's nose.' ' ' I cuu quite uudoretand and sympathise with your fofllingp,' said the doctor. ?If I hadn't kept my old apron,' resumed Jones. ' I might have got ovor it, but I kept it hid up iii the garret. Murtia often won dereid why I went up there so often. ? Sho thought it was because I liked to smoke near the roof. Why, I've boon nearly frozo to death sometimes,' he added, 1 and yet I had to go there.' ' We are all oreatures of habit,' said the doctor, kindly. 'I haven't tha'uked you for thoso excellent ' block ornamentB,' Mr. .Toner. I had them for breakfast this morn ing.' Jones groaned aloud. 'I've been hard cn you,' ho said. 'Now you've got your revenge. What aro you going to do about it ?' Dr. Narcissus stopped abruptly in the middle of the road. ' Nothing.' he said, shortly, and walked on. Jones followed him with little, tottering step. ' D'ye moan it? Really moan it?' ' Certainly. It's saved your life.' 'But Marcia?' said Jones, shamefacedly. ' I havo no wish to cause either you or her pain,' said the doctor, quietlj, ' and I will not take an ungenorous advantago of my discovery. Let us drop tho matter.' ' No,' said the impulsive Jones ; ' Jwe will not drop the matter.' They had reached the house by this timo, and Mias Marcia stood awaiting^her father in the poich. Jones took the doctor by the arm, and hurried him up the walk. ' Marcia,' he said, manfully, though the words stuck in his throat, 'I've brought you a present from Brighton. He's a better tellow than I am. Take him.' end. 