trying words. Tile manager! report - ' r s leads, baglchawk,)27th -Main shaft sunk Or., tons left Gone through and) still -purs. No gold seen It needs extra nded western tent 7ft, total 72ft Ground slate country. Mnalg-alnittd Scots, Stawell, 27th -No 4 level -Driven ISM. for the nick in broken country, with solid stone at the roof of the drive Mill break out again to morrow. No 2 rising on reef 3ft thick, showing gold. Tributers Troutbeck have finished breaking stone at No 4 level hare and underlay! of re f liiiu-oiiila. Mt. Wills 22nd -Race contractors! have started Hunting, several loads of machinery has been delivered, and good progress is being made with erection of same. Blacksmith's shop nearly couple ted Hand and Albion. Ballarat. 57th -4000ft - Grant east extended 18ft a total 70ft ; last night through a heavy slide underli ing east about Mldeg Betoinl slide strata resumes its regular western dip, and should not be far from line of old Consols lode. 1,1100ft.-Mest Xcut extended 27ft., total 27ft Masonic North in course of lode extended 9 ft, total felt . 12ft of stone No gold seen M here started about 400ft. back from face, carrying lain, stone, showing gold Barambogie, Chiltern, 28th - Lower level driven 20ft SHU in soft sandstone reef Mr drove it under Left In brown reef. East drive from No 3 drive extended 20ft. in nice looking wash, at li fair prospects of gold Blocking and din and in other parts of mine Cold for week, It So bodies Hallet's. Consols, Coolgardie, Mid-North w. t ml driven 6ft, total lift Country without change. water supplied to West Australian Cold the Ids water Supply) amounts (or fortnight's 227, Adel gallons Barren Hercules, Zeehan, 21st. Approaches to tunnel started The men doing He may ting work for the various buildings also cutting, tree to get into the various workings Till heart I xli mild I. rise. Mr -1 tunnel driven still , total 175ft I country of state and chun M mr nuntin; freely In an lan Bendigo t our Is rain fell in, Jotlt - south drive, 600ft , evllltdlsl 40ft Belmont and a tube is a large 2"th-\<ut east at SAWMILL salmon 120 totalled 64, and hard, (till Burniston, Bendigo G laden Sir Until I 27th -Al I HW tent from winze extend left through slate and quartz M in I in in in i e I I I. ii of cattle at,, spur, us. all in..- their 1 t fit ," " tr n 2in li. Hin dim dun a lift on Indi in the air near ship built it in I i j our t ) n attain lurk- ing -lies, d i" x. their in t in, the month, lode, general muster of I I I.I III in-, at 1st bleeding. Minnie. Lyall pin at Bendigo 27th - Victoria shaft sun) shaft total depth from TTe therein stated I sat limit train.- tenderly ing rcKtilarlt to iii first nth sur- m Ung . fT from it In boil. If. not what I told me extd rise stope, th, Must I rim h in 11711 Ni > Shaft Blocking is usual No It Miss ->,it'll nest Xcut oil mills i at present.' drive in 12ft: dealt with pot fill it, to run, e, 54 st Teat No I Bin -North list 1 at lil st city, in half and -copper slight starts, ,t"||,d it will, wash giving and, Pte N, G smiling-. nth og it, wash I "fill so 1 1; \ 1, 1 I - N" 1 -li lit. 12oz ditto , N 2 hill 21 '< / Edith . total, -Miss edit I line t.us,lslxtd In its .'"lb-s.-,"th main nil visits to. the lb. test < turn,, , is I am extended 4,26 , making. dist it,, the t" i lumber 41111.. Life ki i pint' tin I I - drum.- Ti. -with breath and die a rich . to inform his I is n i Mr nil, d III until. astern, I, ", t tr mu' 400ft , nil known" I tri will bore up during the week N . eli n M in the,, .?'??--' going till m -x -tr li- , no! Ill i knee ft at N, ! . Miller- d theft of S i , -li it in law Mr I I m -N I H full use din, N , me Once bills to.. r Ills dust It filly.. IN all till all -St t li rib . HIL n rib in " Id watch it. I I India It l. II ran in i. Um ss is Ki, pun, battle ' for a. run of wins to 1 1 i Mu machi < fit for turns "and all of whom li. Hall as it the - No. I total is used in -still in the h districts I will send -me a " nth aid In" II remaining. works tributes . hal gin I had to din r I t h Fred -Suite.! the shift- on the Julian. Bills still, filth luii|.li|i li in run will the driving ml I. is Washing I'd direct rail inviting N. 1 north drive total still ran kit. mile limit must. stir, it was 1 1, , will I sent for In his day Mr fins unit i silver tin and turning tools drive Mining up fires I'll When -leaving; for tied No e h mu. man I'm Export tradition tour. is in elicit any L d mr assistant Mild, I maintain. that it Ullin lit it is Hit. Di rbv I Mimili. -Mud slid ing mine COKE true alluvial line -MAY In I'M wall, and the piddiHk Is I in. nd id uni. S' Hutt i One less than up Is repaid about heading, and I turn up first and wiping. out for b was shining but is making II ii left side 11,11,1.-1 owing t.i.lllUitilt nunn 11 fit round Black horse, I gerton, 27th -400ft -north drive Extended 11ft , lode is strong with good singing under North drive on course of slide mended'Mt is hard shale Brunette and Pull -No I Kill Devil Ina and Stoping on west side of lode, is one showing gold Rise broke through No 2 level ventilation greatly improved No 1 Let c Pushing on with rise also drill mc north in strong body stone IXoTi I el el Repairing old drive, progressing fairly ; also shafting while , stone shows a little gold Illaolc ring South, Coolgardie -Sunk shaft 4ft, total 40ft,, large body stone in shaft front top to pre shells depth, w hold) hampers progress good deal XA nice beginning malta pretty freely. I desire, Lilrobm, 27th -tribute let 12d per cent cross gold Ural i 11 till Work It 24th --lOfift total Mrs Mut ( opposite main shaft) down hill lot ii II lit Willi bud-N" 2 Nuit- North line if I lulu' till within ITIfl Eastern lode North line Member lil till 12th Stoping , n Lunn is in 300ft and little fish must pull up and will no stir on the dispute is in nil at the (ntilitlniiiL, 1103 tons Pint Visit mli sunning IP turns-On limelight when in ah me sulphides 157 tons on the at), 214 tons bullion can lining II (filly star Broken Hill Piupililiin 2ttl,-Wilson's-N t I I it-No I just Mill Inland One! KIM fruin shall dim I had li LR lost to 1211 M Cull nil s-No I livil-Wit Mill total mill last ditto nil mine The total Ulfl Dululu, it-No JJ P a vi 1 \- No 2 dist Mill Inlnl 0211 Wut Mill lUilukd 7ft total 27ft No 2 Ittil-Siitilh dray tilted Sti ft East Mill from lease is still falling in 1 It thrills I'liltir-iiirt-No 1 I Mid-North line I till 10 m s still do The total 20 II No Bills North until Hills West xcut from south time iolnlTlft No 11 it- No I right Mill but it felt No I trust II lit total . Sit last two fruit tin lil plat total isStl Started turn from at 6th drive and milk for Brodribb 2 -No I I coal-dust -Meat I had Sift Patrician s - No 1 I Mid-Northern ii I i 60ft , south lime total 65ft No I 1 Hills at Xcut from um He do it c total 27111 last at it from north drive total 1,11 No. I Mid-South i i t fired at it 12711 Did I making a -No of M H 1 1,1 must for ii III No 2 it-No 1 to till 12ft Started No 2 south rise find men : M ills - No 5, level- West Xcut total 15ft 1 1 nil-Mist xcut from south drive total LIST No 2 rail Ninth past this total Mitt north past use fulfil till M Hiuk's-No r, 4 d North East (hill lollll JOTft south i lil drill total 2 III Miss xcut flinn north last drill total 19ft East Xcut from south coast dim total Shaft No I am hum west Xcut total Mt No 2 level Vu 111 east drive from No 2 cast Xcut driven lift to til lOOit S Smith East drive from Not east salt drum 1 if! , total (bills , and in (connection Meat as it is my s hills east line of it on , and to the tion with (stops Marigold- No I Ici S filth fast drive from east xcut timm mt , total fall during- Tunnel Drlltntnonl 26th Near west ex tended 1011 turns from him till Strutt mother quartzite and is still in life , it is met looking Floor but not in the) cold Hull, and Emu Hill NSW 23rd -Sh ill Mini 10ft , fulfil 2116 , country changing lode looks well north unit south of till it St tried to open at south On prospects will, and head must each man had (met, Dululu "Old -Mum What life is (ended 16ft a total Oljft ; still in brisk, n undulated and decomposed given No 2Iivel-Nu 1 wind sent the local 12in it is both of ch in ore, 3ft 6in able No 2 Winze sunk 4ft total 37ft I going down on leave of cream on, with fair (winds till of seconds No I want sunk 5ft, total 15ft , tins white improuU from Tinto lit of skin ore Mill be engineer in inst xcut home No I level on the mill of one Atci ice of mine assays, He 2lul 12gr silver, "6 per unit lend bille of ore for neck- I lost in tins for him so i small tons for 38 lid 10d total, 22 tons for 123 6s 2d Curtin and Davis Consols, Dundas, 20th -Adit all fenced 4ft, total 200ft country passed through highly mineralised, with hands or galena, fall ore, and copper pi rites, also native copper showing in face Country bills middling very fast had still not. been the case, lode would have been out with touicilajsnc.n Curtin-Davis Junction, Tasmania, 20th Chain proceeded to mine to make arrangements to come piece work out extensive scale Crown I j til 'Tasmania J Hi (I v Telegraph) - Tunnel extd filled additional It can no material (fixture in lode Mr J Morrison appointed mining manager in tin I) this Prop, Sunday both - 100ft (I It xi, p p Mended I inflict)- Yt men think all, I l I Gift hills but, with 21!, (f ? windmill manifesting may be had at bottom of what ninth familiar figure 150 Level (late No 2 1 Ltd '1 mulei)-Ititi put up 211 , find landing se church with timber and billed for ventilation No diuiM- In aid of li i 420ft level (and Curtin line, No 1 I unm) Main tunnel driven 23ft, total View , ground hard but carrying small veins of pi rails and fell ore up to 3in thick running after the fire South of Xcut driven (14ft, total AIF, lode from 4ft to Kiln wide, of carbonate of in a copper pyrites, and full ore Broken 11 tons of ore in driving this level, but owing to limited sum for stacking ore we are only Breaking thrum li lode in bottom of drive 650ft Level (late No 2 Curtin Davis Tunnel) - Drlun OR, total 137ft , lode 4ft wide, of carbonate of iron, copper pyrites iron in rites, and fell on The lode continues well defined in this tunnel, lifting a splendid foot ball, which is rolling out a little lemon « it er than usual 650ft Level (late IXo 1 Curl in lines tunnel) Driven 4 It total 101, lode 19 21 , of iron pt rites, with copper pyrites and will be mixed through it There is a favourable i h night in tomlin for driving, and small veins of pyrites are showing through face on football shaft Level (North No I Curtin-Davis tunnel) Drain Off total 119ft Hine not broken down it but will strip down lode left standing 1 union for one paddock on west name of entrance to tunnel is completed, being Sift long, and with a made up embankment still average 20ft ; this will give much storage room for present for future 1 tions tunnels will be referred to by their respective depths at low amount of mountain an above Chalk's Junction, Carisbrook, 29th -Contract let to sink small To bedrock (about 150ft ), total depth 'lift in chief 'to prevent delay in sinking two engines for pumping and winding erected, and ready for work. I, ? Central! Curtin and Jarvis, Dundas, 20th- (lly Wogniph) - reached footwall trench 60ft through lisle for ination pt rites Cathcart, Ararat, 27th -Machinery) delivered on mine' Tenders accepted for erection of all build ten. Expect timber for poppet legs and engine finally. Coramba queen, N S M', 20th Sunk shaft 30 through land [drunken rock, total depth 93ft. Slab M soft Cardigan, Ballarat, 27th -Shaft sunk to 40ft Now putting in pump Sturt Milking again on Monday, 20th Hulk's Freehold, Carisbrook, 29th Prospecting drive south from reckless drivers 7511, total 240ft. Reef continues to rise gradually, A little gold in wish, but not suitable Other drivers cutting up wash of usual quality sold. 10oz 17dwt ( hulk s No 3, Carisbrook, 27th North east drive from main shaft extended 18ft, total 82111 No 1 use north reef drive top chamber coin- plet! d, now opening off same to the south; nash "K 4in over back laths native finished panelling ? to No I rise south Other works satisfactorily progn using Mein, 104 or (nitrate SOO, and Passby United. Bendigo, Sith - 2,000. cut driven Hill east, total 25ft. from shaft, ground hard sandstone and quartz spurs SINGLE north level mi west leg driven Kill , Limit IKSfl north of metal; leg 3ft., show ing a railing or two of gold occasionally Mona in slope mr leveller thick, and shorts is little gold 2 1915 kiel, 200ft north of shift, drive lift ninth, total 240ft. south of shall, stone in wall Tsars, had shown [unable gold Have also driven 6 ft north on tills stone At 2,4K)lt have put up a lift, and comm ted with intermediate level at 2 400ft 155 tons crushed for 117A Idut and 107 Kldvit entitled from pi tiles, and the lungs obtained 125? Odvvt of our lot leads a licence nitid,lluidieo,'27lh-020ft levoldrlien left north, total 7411 'five miles back has made a call at Off the west intermediate level from No 0 useful Delft driven hills, south, total OOfl ; Hutu vin solid, and shows a little gold At north lei 11, as usual! Salt In, mask of mud; 10ft , not hold a hill south level at No 2 Rise have driven the Intcrinedi the hill lift north from No 2 rise at OSOft ; stone of most of appearing and shows a little (cold 121 loads crushed for Tins Advt ; tributers obtained 3oz 2dwt from 10 bindi ( neckline, ltllslivvoilll, 26Th Housing in forward Ptsti 1 expect to jute mills out Monday of hulk's No 3, Carisbrook, 20th-Main south west reef drive advanced visit , (ular 2 hall East branch drive for eastern reef antimonial left , Lodi 2 Hat Mill bore up in lids drivers 1 week Muttr at south and slightly east Contractors making fair progress with puddling in it hints Cumbrian, Redbank, 2Jlh-0,000 Oriel a and b'Mlirdollicrcd is mine I then Ino III t r high-mark, and -140 tons yielded Kilo 1 mills . crushed pink fur Hu? Hitit , iWiiul It prices for fine silver DIIVUI 1 Out xcut IS . making soft Pass. 1 (though rest of his (health has no rain since vtlh.iviril MU ill spurs, but a mild sun I will be iii r mail bag in uni I put it" more than kind 400ft March 21 has showing the landed on islands little not much Mr Ultu li mining firm i l lull spurs in sand Mime furs this twilight I'm up Hw In me I N.. J v hm farm hand it fell 1 do Until III milling dirt hut but poor 87011 smith lead Mine No I winze Off in skim gold At No 2 while riding nulli level 2 at und until It may sit Stone in I In the hills shire ing good payable gold At No 1 nature still it lives in will KUI stone Ktlll killin Ing Kuhl in Piston till Note in end of No 17 loan but (ulm li is ltHlft south of No 1 tt t) i Member bill making life west of but I til lontlnutitiiiu of No I inn at Home shutting grant lavish said running into it about it, but not enough 'hills is about -nott nun R Hill li and the Mill (April at his st lbs st,,,,, lift inner bar dirt is not till milking. till found sadistic in I their MU ill spurs shutting minute but not 'bl lb d of it at in quite a bit, (iron Island slim well attended sit of round passed through Billing said. foiiimtliiii had iLinlul mill villas of sulphide, of It Linn and M I ii both pit 01 Mt Inn Mill i Hind d Bill Snell lunn phil 25ft (He l.h.lilpli 2nd) C it television with a range stub quietly in time I, . "uni takes him I attaining uni) I much, clinching, 27th <<> lins crushed in He held MILLAR Bolivia Nov 17th is mark ME it was I hg shunting engine and St, m limit Oil wide Put in full jun a lad from one til inn He line Strm k slum in I t Inch Shaft sunk 11ft , mine 1 70ft Cn and had in I him I watched -"him but in Ni Ni in his. (Oil , making I IO St, m 219 allies 1 until Mr hill l"lh-llnnil 'Oil , total "Of Hunt M best, way Ulli, Inning living in inn and filth Miutlrlli Central Chill at Sebastopol, Sfllh-Nmth dray at 11 lift In 2lb tin giving ills than, it is in want Snub allies in Bills for shun In a leading vl.llmiuitalisul Indi is Nulli day, at noon he will , !,,!, him on to him Had. An ships, mine in his (full part in tins divi- i dig is mill Ing mi I i still a tin ing one chilly, air and sun In started on (my wall is I Mill in the lift a slim minutes south Bill in full of) strange illness tv landed hall , miling MVUIII (sold in a big ('man in Court a native allies - U 1200 drove. rsl , cut (out I h mill- In order to work in portion of shaft i h mu is not mill hill and she had in his KI in all , Mum claiming Mild 111 ". High Phillis PinpillllllV. B 11-9 'bill to Idea the new tUllin 1 100ft mi No 1 bird In all I tell I burn du idol In unabated time I (like H and Ida) in huge s l/lliiliiitiii Piiiprliliui, hill Gb piled, 2211.1 VrtViulnun operations lUIurul the high tin Till. It inutllllliilH mill SI Illili billing ant hills (in the stuff of all uranium mine in HiufL trickiest (mill Wfl hill torpedo,,, Pi upon him. Ihplfild, 26TH, -We, . in Hum it not hum billed us While I had thill fund DM (I . li if I'll ally listened I lil i times during his viiIdul may result ititiilt'iuii mail for Dilke cut mine "Oil Dit Driver, Military 27th -'I Imbi ring shaft to a iii and I put in a thing acid in tulle '^miLsl,Är»NVllM.,Ck2Hh-AI bills, read tributes I Milne d banking Heart which will have, little sunshine 21 lifts in Him 17dwt 18gr Duke Unlink lined, with men in an unsound mind In position Strait itself Mt (In, local £2011 Our through him of dirt Into tough line CimlimliirsiiiukhigBoiiiliirogi-iss Delbridge Red, White, and Blue Freehold Tribute Bendigo 24th The shaft his been cut down in SOU ft my sin for e and timbered fill It told project is being made with the engine and winding cure they are both in position, and only detail! that colony, have to be made I) drill Prince Regent Ballarat, 20th -to 8 left North the live in Gift , face all stone Driven 12ft not til rest, cutting s uni make of stone but in what drill in ire street Started sloping on this item which I Itlttu i 11 pony i j by the last three ( medium d to work from. south of cross Itstwiotl« Iii malign '_,tll-TlOlt I ever Mark nig a nun splits Oin tank full flushing TO is all ye bird Tllivl 1 clinch s in the ii 2" loads for 100 235! am Steiglitz with -Elder Smith had extended HU till lift her to, her little son in hit it and dish prospects Hu skins, out to me for putting in buttons 'Miss kill him till his j in future north and south drive was showing. him the beauties in that, I am thin strain- splendid gold Will ire h iflirtninpim I Edwards and Bill of I tin Diunillts (tied prevails Itultl No 4 tunnel driven lTIt Ulai 40ft (in reef (Bullion 74 litlimn hills 400ft in the mouth of Mill composed of mint in Mil filling and "Jill still ill and!; EITHER and inviting Mine is Ultimo nil fairly full I 1 I Mt shell .oth-Nu 1 falling I did 11 lot ii Till his uni, still hard u, 2 Initial driven Illili Till hundreds In slip of ground medal lating tiiiihttitig Grandma has outcrop very rich 10TH ing team II lorries I'liilcld, Iflh -North drive off west Xcut driven lift washpool East xcut. driven 20ft , fair looking wash carry in.' a little gold 1 traded Red, White and Lillie, Bendigo, June 26 Weil crosscut at THIGH level driven ON final Test , ground limestone and flat spur dipping fully, 2in thick , (country unsettled some], most level Rise put up flinn me' of home 6ft total 24ft steam muller, with more sandstone making inside I mean I Mil , Bendigo 27th -Intermediate level north line 1 240ft driven 12ft total TO in Railway Tribute block life all is MIIIIII and not looking, so well at present In stopes the stone storages from 15ft to 25ft wide, and Jarvis a little gold (rushed 1,1 loads for 15oz 7dwt of the tons obtained 24oz from II li wide I let Ion, I "elton, 20th - Main Shaft - 128ft fcul-Illimités breaking from 011 quin Ex lode THOR -(sunny calling simile in stone and slim on western lode, also entitling last oil souTh hill country flute 1 100ft -cutting t ist 111 sand Blom country Sister Rose Shaft-«0011-»living south from shaft, stone 11ft wide, cm uni'- Time I will South Dcioiulilie Bendigo, 20th -Sec Duchess Tribute report At 01411 Kiel tributes unshod I, loads for 13ft railway 12gr Inslirn Sim Freehold Ballarat, 20th -"0 tons for fortnight yielded loot fowl connected hopes with level above, which gives good lentil i thin ! cistern Siiir,Lxtil , Hiillnmt 20th -TSOft -Dray nig bacilli in hard ( country 600ft -Stope S end j ing full (|!i!iuUtt average quality stone M in drive south in linivliniiintty, 11 little stone in face Will start rising.ui/pnrly date to cut a certain union of stone (in stopes No change elsewhere Let it Rokewood, Rokewood, 20th Cut into SOO yards mullock, last, drop, showing good prospects of from below, all ready for opening upon Monday 1 rect long another puddling minds line, which will be dealt for working in about a fortnight InltnnH Creek, Walhalla, 29th Tunnel driven 22ft , for in 191, 1 centrally Country a bit broken the last few feet, more settled In fact, that every up penzance of reef increasing in his Surface works progressing federal, Stawell, Shall Have left No 3 bore for present, and lone By tried a test bore into hung in all hide of lillie No I lime is in 90ft No 2 bore is in life in the! country, very favourable for me Huf showing good gold now being more or by New Pirthshlio Co is 2114 from our boundary and will be met with in out ground by lining 40ft above our present 600ft level Four Brothers Glen Wills, 22nd - tunnel driven 15ft for fortnight, total all lights Howard, Corrtong, 23rd- Good progress made with tunnel, expect to strike Reward of my din W tests in reef prospects at least 2oz per Inn, which is largely payable gold being Melt the tributed throughout the Moon, which is also in it lit charged with dense (writes, that should yield well First Chance, 1 Ral! that Mills -Surface fixings eoni|)Ictcd, and sinking will be resumed in few days Great Northern Junction, Rutherglen, 28th - Main south reef drive extended Bait On making a total of 136ft from shaft Put up another bore above this drive fight ahead of No I, showing fine gold Drive S, Shaft in from drive II Struck a body of good looking wash test of the Bluff, 4ft 6in thick Will link up jump-up and open out on this line,! Do- 4dwt Great Buninyong Estate, 27th - Quartz shaft reached 30ft , and is now in good working country A Niourso passed through at 40ft is introducing water, and preparations me being made to confine it to that lett! At alluvial shaft, water lodgement at IGOR completed, and eastern now being placed in position Expect to resume sinking In narrow Grand Duke, Timor, 27th No 7 hole in hard basalt at a depth of 126ft Great Southon and Chiltern Valley United, Rutherglen, 27th - Rapid progress Goidanich to he made with works at this mine All the 21 attain boilers are now in position 011 Isiller seats, and work of building them In commenced Chimney stack progressing, total height now 42ft 6in Wlulling 1111,1 pumping engines on their respective parts All silks fixed in (position on (topped heads Sky shaft hoisted, and horses to carry into ladders raised All other works progressing In propertion Great Hercules Mt Read, 16th - Started treat is ing more south-west portion of Section Discovered two gossan lodes running west of north and about half past I exposed Huon in two or three plans by trenching across Have since cut one of lode J chains further north Gt Southern, Rutherglen, 27th Tested pres sure of water at bores and found a decrease of one pound per square inch, It ruling bon nott shedding it 24th lions are running freely, keeping pumps and tanks bust Crushing of quail a yielded 45oz full I from lOTi loads Of Northern Extd Consols, 20th Intermediate level extended 11ft a total from shaft 20ft Now passing through brown slate and sandstone country, letting out water freely it Southern Consols, Rutherglen, 27th Contract for sinking shaft 200ft now completed Depth of shaft 20ft (1 Southern Reef, Rutherglen, 27th - Finished crushing 100 tons for (a boiler in Cu Now on August crushing 11 fund for Kui um! party M Southern Jiuirtiun, Rutherglen, 27th - SUsm got upon Tuesday last Contractor expects to complete his contract by Wednesday. Shift alluded to the writing (of 1 Idorndn (allnet's Creek, 28th Crushed 400 tons for alter Mills is result of triuOuug whole of Indi dike, and spirits 1 lode opened up about 4 ft x kill wild Stopes time nice body quartz with good gold Lower tunnel started on Thursday (skin Lyell bills --Trading along and amiss lode, which shows nice splashes of copper pyrites (of Within Italian 10th Shaft down OR [ode in his car walls 4ft 6in Kiln good on the galena 1111 foot wall ttndirltilig cart hearing north east Assay, (and silver and 52 per cent of land (Trial Southern, Bendigo, line 20-Smith turn in 1,11 Mt 011 one leg 1 traded 25ft , local men , 6in of stone in bottom of hill and Sin In tank, which shows little Kuhl Mulch finessing Stoping above the drive Stone in to 18in thick, which shows hillside, garden 1 and little gold North drive at half extended 12ft , total 225ft , big body of stone here On the stem side is mar looking, well on east side stone slums mundic galena, and little gold In stopes above this level Btom slums little gold! In underhand stopes stone kilns limit man Ninth (hive ill 870 extended Bill , total 119ft , mostly mullock Stopes above pony at prest at South dray also Extended Mt, trial 17111 , this little 16 till stone which shows mundic, galena, and blackjack At -fit white silk lift , total 15ft , and still in deciding tile! At No 2 shaft, at Soft level, driven west Ball . total hall ground Hiiitlstm t and slate New shaft on Deborah Hue sun! 1211 , total 27TH (washed two loads of (soil. 4dwt Ghost Gully steel Creek, 24th -out In 2211 Cut nice looking Indicator Great Extd Hercules, Bendigo 27th -Rise put up total MIL, nearly all stone W hire sunk total 15ft (beat Her), Creswick, '27th-Hate removed the drill 4000ft 11 rain east (from No 5, iKire I and water pipes from the Central tails mine to the drill dir once while two miles. Hot the water through an I started he Oliffe Depth OR. In first rock (ling day evening) daniell (Hill V: Red Bendigo 5-16 -The shaft has I been sunk till 10th (I'll from plan and a gift from surface Ground sailed ainiUtnni with quartz leaders running through it Hit of timbering has been paid In On it will Hustlers, Bendigo, 27th - Centre country where I can ' 10TH xcut Fund. the total I 'ft Stone which is He thick, millers 1 15"! and carrots mineral Water very heavy Are cutting in an ninth pial al B Hill preparatory to sinking the late Die Interintillaiu level south and north line 4 It below main level, has been drawn Kill small oil resting Keel bills in bottom and It is hilM well mineralised and shows a little of Form locally H H level driven J lift by nutritious total 14ft north of Xcut No chance Tributers crushed I I Londoner Hill 810 t (golden (city Hill Hit Ollive 1 Tribute-Con treated me with blue! Driving. and sloping on Mom , stone tonkin.' 1 still 11 Uti and show insured No 2 1 earth -stone not looking too well Drive on Sulieman I ash 1 line in still no change to Idea A Benalla's 7th -but it must Hit total 226, (Jamie stallion 2 (West level Else 7111 1 later shift put up Mr train from luck of xcut lit mine sunk a bull el III In western wall, and Fillipini) 11 mills Flour shows little gold Crushed from here .! loads quartz for to hold! a slim suit cart driven in total "Ut Motor hill) mine mill will not (I at all it 11 buln in THE level- 11 iii I if shift times It has li T. f I is felt at Inn nun 6in in bottom of drive with him unless a. high for 5oz little Great chairman No 2 Rutherglen v. th - 1 open level drive CMCli led mine H H Mills Column but dive I II. till till II III III in shaft 1. It can 1 uii.trnnllnililiid« In a girl , Noreuil letter. In Finally Miss All will be mill to con nuiuiiiiiiuipli. with me 1 hills The if wildly No I I 110 bottom I nt -1 It chain and No 2 bore 1, It north-west from No 1 1 expect much clean up and In this I at times South I oi.'Tiltiiul Walhalla . th Shalt mines 'II total warfare little ground pass e I Ihr 1911 available it in lian What xcut at III I at noon but lib n 1 it, tons di stone hush nursing million I vi 12 Blue 1 aviianoriilabuui 30ft thick 1 I Hill will show big no time (in! Narlliuii I t I Riithi ulm, s"th Britt confine it to dip them In painting, (arning film studio in white with good quantity About Rift nurse turns Iel u Riding to fill progress living Half length from his) Tiehling mouth I long time This Still driving titanic scope rush into hills To l filling well owing to nip) it in patrolling 1 claim it again In" Hill g right again 10TH (orwell! 1 or Hill HiuiUlxlil l mi 11 Full 4th -HUcnlKs It is 1 and lit up II I fail till |.iniiii(l tin her I line 1 IIIIXUI walls and its spurs but poor invite all with II It Itiil-vMii/ mink Mt mine still , died ion, at piiKiitihlillj In haul timber able winds and I qiiiiifbliuwint, dirt and All 1 round sunk include a Bill will HO (uri in this Kept Woods Point -lib I view tllnuicconillovil unforeseen lit inquiry on line They li g cold, also vein plain Intiindou of diorite now nearly out of h t ii I I 11 h m 11 till rich g At ml Mt of bloom of her The quaint custom c aim It vol st, punt on third level of Jim ton of tin n Is still" proving Ing (sandstone Now it in Glen Moor Jil Ibid. In last mail I would Miall cut down all , in skins. Oil I do much Bairn Howard Tasmania '2nd-Dunn tunnel Hill, Hill (Mr injuring slightly harder curving quartz hills Merit it turns suspended pending arrival pump Hanlon Ivlil, Rokewood, «Uli-loutit» 0! MR. Ham Hallion material sir I mineral! operations will be foursomes with all dr Roy Hanlon Rokewood, '.7th-Went drive extended 5ft, total J'OH The reef has been a couple of lent, and the wind filling Hum further back This drive still to"VItJi/u Benalla No Dhobi', dim red drive has been extended 25ft The reef It a little better for blasting We will shortly be able to tctaidrlvc south of this came into wash Gold for the neck from (the parties, 18oz 10dwt. Hustler H licence No 2, Bendigo, 27th - Level north at! JPtt dirt, on not total On until stone Small, with spurs showing minerals on west side 175ft level south extended 6ft", total 1 says , no change left workings show no improvement. Ilkmlers Reef Bendigo 27th - Level north froiiMwn/a below 1 200ft driven 20ft through slate, sandstone, and spurs Reef has now come down into level tributers obtained 16oz. 9dwt. from SJ load--. Hustler Reef No 1 Bendigo 27th Love north at 1 600ft extended 24ft total 19 ft ground By the aid sandstone intermixed with H pure in which colour or two gold seen in removal HILL: air pipes from 600ft level few miles west, line I in made when and disclosed line looking lode of stone 4ft. wide nicely mineralised Jrcvv loads will he crushed this port n split Hanoi on StcLlitr "Gth - No 1 Shaft-Old scopes almost mullocked up as such will enable the better class Stone to be worked "60ft Main drive cohn; north East to nil lower unite of Stone in 20" ft 100ft Main drive north end extended 15ft stopes east end show better stone No 3 Shaft, (6 ft level M du drive south v east extends I J ft ft of rubble in face may be fair dish pro perty Rise on foot di up lift out of stone in back 10 heading bitterest work Ownu-unavoidfihledtlaj in getting; bitten H armed an I Invins to provide large p imp it him it he would resign to make a call for luU Will clean up about 200 tons of mine I stone Monday Hepburn Estate Smeaton Uth North reef drive c tended " left "ood w making, reef Building in of boilerscoiiiplf-tcd Housing, of machinery and boil over in a for we are Hire Horses for carrying puddling engine in po Ul an Incline Kalgoorlie 26th they Telc-.nph}-No 7 Shift on host liode-fcoiuh drive on vein driven "off. from Le North drive driven on vein 1 -it splendid lode of ore will yield letter than No 12 shaft No a Shaft on fast Shaft Depth, 7 ft ore good Indication Ballarat 20th-No Olive North end of risE Htranir sinks stout payable Went out to tended Hit in their country, tour left Uhr off but I of his age late level south end up of country, either for shooting John Woods -tUwell "th Main reef drive ex tends 1 To iff 1111'atojj.tl to rise up and test walls and doing the course of the told Joh II ban Gold Mines I ending the - 61 loads and \- Uids pvnUi yielded So (Mut No shaft staff 900ft friends I 2 it totdllSft Cut back with (a start in top of crosscut and "Out In bottom with no] direct f of widening n s goes down Mr ft cut driven 5 ft total 99ft all in back of 1 SiOrt level l LIL up 1 It and holed to 1 60ft level Ilbilla ILVII city led north 4ft total 9 ft and south 11ft total IHi At No 2 mine cut plat at 75ft, level and driven xcuiO ft Koch's Pioneer Kendle, o -"th 400ft level north driven 12ft total of ft spurs showing little j, old bereft less time them in (ft total 1 tiff in sand stone true I with quartz 1 left the! north driven 7ft., total 11ft german 1 hard sandstone with spurs running. through it showing little gold Same lev 1 driven south 13ft total rift L rou ii I sandstone and is the small spurs running" through it floats show a little "of 1 occasionally v. rushed from 400ft IM) loads for 6 oz 5dwt and from 1 wOft Rev G J death for 0 QA. 1 dw t Glenie 1 copper plates for Po but I King; Lyell Company on 20th trips and ad watching opening No 2 puddler erected tunnel driven total 70ft Have a, large face to work when machinery still the I Tilt cut I am opening but will allow us to work at lower level I find nth copper Is Improving in deep li Kneebone 1 (dorado 20th -Purse viz proceeding as usual Water all out of top chamber Drives closed up and mile secure Water down within 40ft of cap of 60ft level KMST Lyell Tasmania 30th Sunk shaft total 44ft Cm , rooms and iron pvrlicatihowiii-; linton the te I, Hutton, with -South drive c can be ' Sft carry him, K >o I (of South St opens out small circles fair gold No change north H Hope J ItAr.iru-1 Hen due -7th -Un term I Stopes north anJeouthat 1 67ft- show a little eyes I Continued I rising and stoping on n w stone east of hUieefut 2,1. ft trout h and see a little roll Mnft bank 15ft making, it ROSE from surface (Ground slate in a sand stone barri UO tons crushed for Odwt Tributers crushed US loads for t()o/ K I N U leap year, Woodburn Cook 20 his Contractor is making chamber at No 4 level which H lu 50ft Sinking main shaft Drive for Supply ins w ere extended JTAft Tramway to battery in course of erection and other works being-, pushed on Long,' Tunnel Walhalla Must soft lovely stopes above this level lode 18in wide of payable character 1 250ft Level Lode in stopes above level -On wide of fair quality 14 ft level lone in slopes above level will average out (in wide of fair quality stone l,f>22ft Level In stopes above level Ule will avenue ft 6in wide of good stone 10st. Lev close lean stope shows 3ft - one stone 1 72 ft I even Contractors finished flat chamber at this level Battery rettirnusatlsfaetorj Lamb . Uraim North, Walhalla 20th - No 2 Tunnel eaitdrive-Have driven 10ft. on course of reef lode averse-, 12ft- thick and improving In rich need further It is due on on Going strong in Icrfoot, Can see coarse gold in face to day Have timbered and secured mouth of tunnel Tenders for portable engine and boiler now being con ferred Lone Hand 1 Mended, ^andilljfoiij, 25th - 200ft Level Stoping is much Preparing to extd id south drive on main lode ITOfi were-North Drive denied up W (H start day in here on lode London and Led Huth WandtHeoncr, 28th - Myrtle tllsD-North drive now in stone 10in , fair gold ex tended to Mr south, total shaft Winze North drive total 29ft still poor South total 14ft, also poor Underhand stopes low grade being Quill, Sebastopol, 27th -North drive extended 9ft,, still carrying about Oil of highly mineralised stone Have started a rise 3ft back from face No 3 rise I north of the xcut is up till Crush tug referred to in last tenant rather below usual average A new shoot of stone has been met with the south stopes which at times shows gold freely Lyell Pioneers ¿Uti-Drilo istondid lost and securely timbered, formation pugh, with bands of gossan showing the lode show log line copper Seo lion by 'stranding on this section in chute formation ; no new development. Intend sinking shall next week Lord Salisbury 1 large 20th -Shaft sunk OR 1 as yet to reach wash in another In Water heavy , pumps equality it 1 timbering Ballarat, 20th - No 4 Shaft o 1 oiel-Ntoin Hirth improved Rl tug line it from main drive to) the shop In. a little cold south No 2 level North main d an emetic I 27th, small tins in face No 1 Shaft I of! Lel RUng for ship as on ( pencil mark Indicator earning small gold 7 OR - Nocnanui i at I 4 9s due 12in I find j s Dream Walhalla 2 the - alterations to aerial tram a lunatic retarded ihrott.hwctweiillur I expect to have everything complete by arrival of extra skins I hardly, 1 Danelli 27th Nov 12 J Stopes each (Mindful ft Clem an end in week I on. Tunnel 1 Extd Walhalla i sTill Stopes 900ft level Reef It in , shutting payable gold Stopes 1300ft level Reef 2lb tin showing payable gold hopes, 1 2 Wat kin, still Richings is usual penalty of stone for crusher g Stopes 1 oOjlt level Reef ism , how big a list I am old Stopes, 1300ft level Reef 20in , alone in a good quality Slopes l.fiOOIt level, Still showing a first year of stone with fair gold No is, south of, Mt, total 164ft, re, f 12in , show ring payable gold No 15 south end, 15ft. total 14ft., showing a line of vein of stone with good gold Stopes, 1300ft leveR of 3ft stone of a (load quality A,nialgain for week 44in" Landy's Dream, Walhalla, 3rd - Martial today to face last Wednesday with two shifts, driven 6ft, country held state Total from mouth tunnel shaft Expect to cut reef In soft , was the shift of I Llanberris No 4, Ballarat 20th -Main Shaft sunk 7ft in enlarged child for opening sets, will have them in this week Water still heavy 21 tons of stuff from 30ft of sinking j yielded 23 t per ton Pumps delivered foundry Last Chance United Ballarat '20th -Shaft sunk 5ft. in hard country No 0 lett! rise from their niidiatclciil reach her full of stone No 0 lent, south drive, ext sued TfL alone without change North drive extended 15ft,, stone making larger, with cold shown.- No change in stopes M Under Walhalla 24th tales 5 tons stone from open cut Sending 0 tone, to 1 Ainsdale for treatment Open cut shows list of reef in bottom, carrying fair gold Making preparations for sinking shaft Mount Lyell Mining and Railway, 10th -No 4 Tunnel North DHU - Distance dru i "II, local mill pint a IrtuUi. well No I liinucl-Main Vein -Xcut channeling ready to blast Drill No 4 lionel south Dnu-Dihtauci driven fit told right No 5 Tunnel South Drive No J Nut Ill Unccihlvcn for week His totalled No a tunnel -smith lulu No. later- life has been put until lining tuck in cool and le ore, found "at Ni r Tnuud-soitli DHU No. \iut- DUIauii driven is local Sir No Till miles 11th Vict No I Ross-Shire III. Inch uni me c inn I on surface work -I Ullin- I Mat an inn in every union T No I conduct 1 during a silk exposing I will in I was in cheetahs U Nail and I might, I make" on or already spring, is the strength It plain. I had He ulm on tralth 1 languished women men and shelling I am Lur line. limiting II gelding t can lend errs! In. sad surplus. IIIIMI and on plant which ing rail at Perth, 1 but' I Inn. up to blast human, for II, ing in warm me up hold a l note well in Inn. machin In place No 1 lillie, ii mil LO ? pitted Mux hair is -"dark quarry sn | j an 1 sure III. line tore quarry in operate in both ship ping C H 440 tons of lie! All on and other bit, phiinitumuliitiug will shortly I thin but still. of Imbil children received from Hill metallurgist lime 20- Sue«c«»fiill| starts I Htlcllutg last night ' Run in elim co reports - 1 reign is of work Is he is pushed to the old inns and Inroiuotliol in t instantly Forkin.- lost 17 hours a d n I and I like on I in 10 and was finished last the 11 big tin biunrlisL work no has yet done and the ills will be laid totalling! a, million. 'and!.,, to morrow unit This will In completed on Walnut do His whole st air is now working night and day and I think I can t still promise condition with a camp next month Mt dull Consols "the Deviation side led the line t informed the, quartz veins heavily splashed c late pt Hill' Mt Lyell Innolion To mine 20th -Mr R vin. been appointed mine, manager Arrangements being made to commence operations immediately. M lines, I IJorado J lb-North vi t cut off north drive fair pay and tribute around heavy run in. I one man and of a man tap "Id drives to be a poor , went going round Face in north dau , face shows III and Illrqunlllv lop t door No 1 Rl«i-Drive ' Iron) s uni making fair proved a v stir ' in v and 11 run.- away freely I epic. lo in he was in a few feet' mine Mills Fine pencil I much oil It to go i above Hotel is ink of creek where expect to ud fifth round 1 for (them, also with view of holing to write launch for I better ventilation Madame Hun West, Kingston 27th -Blocking as morning ninth he had mINe 4 and lists la I No 11 rise No I want list totalling hard and poor i 1 stories from tip of small fire No I 10 left In It is hall a gallon wish iiiiiiiiug about laid Cr! h li In it t want Ruf thin our due to sail on the north and southern (as in the din VmHi still North mill but ixtiuilid-Ki aval 11 will dips big thrill south c it, as it i li came in I I I I w th putable and ii Ing west In No 3 rise south I still Ulli silt , talks limit payable , right wrist ult 1 Band is 4ft in I stable wash Wale! (plain. um, mill now is He writes In mining drill long day in 1911 In rock Mehi for week 10oz 17dwt Milloo Mellon saith -I venture I north drive Jilft , Britain and to ah mt uneven Coal 1er Hil" drive I should It widening d but after 10 ill and commits I a line sincere Suez i t of a it's ill six ill all time of her peril and nt lower end of It is to prove trend of li to nail a thief and Mr Irvine Ihlisset, Halewood, 61 trending to Linn v nature of Hills met with channelling to put down a a full Travelling shaft and lulu succeeded In I outlining sum ninetieth of 72ft in it has rush I am a promising once" again Lou and carry Ing down II mill shall Full size I Ml till MR ml Willi -Smile Billilli shaft Jil in german Ruination, for i costeening on propini 1 Monte Christo, Mine on - Accepted tender for cutting dog is said chain i it, shall 1 Mills Cruisers Hull filling, 2(llh-Nn 2 shaft Nothing mill milling In (rou I wish liuartiMiall West drive driven "(4ft, total (from opening till I M cok yield, (12oz 2d I. I M Dull, I ugh hawk, 24th Bunk shaft 15ft, total 137 fillings crushed 20 loads for 17oz 14dwt I was thrilled finding. him 'sunshade 21 beds for One dwelt loads from tribute block in the Ullin spurs are showing little but praise in nt 1 eastern crosscut from the hulks, whilst being put in for New Aluna run of spurs, driven 16ft through li ml sandstone There is small Hun in fare in which colour of g -bl been seen 11 tenders t rubbed 1 > loads for 15oz 12dwt t Now Morning Star, Woods Point, ¿¡rd-Ijvver tunnel extended 11ft, for week, reef 3ft. thick, of good appearance but poor, slate rock and soft diorite footwall Woods Point level for Hope reef extended 12ft in hard diorite, wall continue, and carry little quartz North Prentice Rutherglen, CCth -No 1 Jump up drive going south off east drive at tended lift in wash of fair quality No 3 east drive off south drive extended side At this point well upon eastern roof it being hard brown reef with no label on it Taken this part of in 1 opened No 3 east drive and extended 24ft No 2 south drive off west drive extended 14ft reef still keeping their wash thin, but of fair quality No south driven west drive extended 14ft reef using and wash them to all appearance Ripper is making more to the east. Not Jump up required height and opened out on reef on western she of gutter Uri. e from top of jump up extended 3ft this drive should soon be in walls OoM, 17oz 15dwt N Comet Tasmania Pud CO Telegraph) -Men at work unwatering shaft Other works progressing satisfactorily New Chum St Arnaud Nash -South Drive Total length on about 14ft reef lift , prospects same as under North drive on eastern leg driven for week 6ft, total from junction Jft , hard ground I reefing wide, prospects 12oz to ton Crushed 38 loads for 18oz amalgam New Manner, Steiglitz, a th No 7 level Con tractors mating du moon was crosscut driven 16ft for week total lift from shaft Country still favourable being big block v slate an 1 more pendicular should meet lode soon North level extended'»ft stone in valley but SHOWS few colours of gold Intermediate level between Not and No I level) extended six lOSt 1 over-large sunk 4ft, stone on footwall still well laminated I colour of gold seen in it occasionally G ulic Shaft- Stoping south on stone from time to Mt. little (or 1 seen in breaking New Golden Gate Taradale 26th Main drive bottom level extended 11ft have pass'd old world 1 u are now in solid ground reef fair for working,, Cold for fortnight Hoz 1 dut New Moon Bendigo 9th - Stopes on spurs at C to continue about as usual Rise from intermediate went on slide holed to UMt., seen a little gold 111 ming Will continue level south on BY side from intermediate xcut At 70 ft into 1 vel southon No 1 run driven 30ft to 1 dirt no stone in present face but appears to to making azaleas wall At 1 tries are Stoping south on main western back the stone is small as yet Crushing battery fully, employed crushed 680 tons fell ling Hoy 18dwt In cluding UCo 15dwts from copper plates New vehicle itndcatthe 2 thicken up small tree' on northern section showing little fine gold also made mother tailings dam Started baling Thursday and making ready for contractor I New Argus Friend v , 27th -Crushed 302 loads I yielding, Tsdivt -Mut, At 7 (ft level western stopes over incline north and south of rise are poor of present an are also eastern stopes over the same inn level AtOOOft level Stoping south 011 spurs met with in rise which are "hoping payable LOI At this level have LIDO opened out south on six arrange with in the north eastern occur whirling showing -good payable soil Have also extended level north at bottom of rise 3ft, Group I quartz? and sandstone showing a little gold At the level contractors extends 1 as if we t f our , total last Pin der sunk v size i ft. At 70ft lev rl Xcut at bottom of w and" extended 16ft, Lord 30ft ( round all slate Tributers crushed at loads under: Ho advt Rev Wyndham, 1111 ris ton 25s - 20ft level North mt heightens 1 Oft, total 6 ft. in ring nice looking Uad 1 stopped and robbed seven fathoms from mouth rise 15ft level South drive extend U I lift, tons from crosscourse 40ft , shewing little more stone last few feet New Chum United Bond Ino 17th -Shaft sunk 14ft, total J Sport In £22 infant block riding on net above the slide stones no old seen Cuwhcd 112 loads fur is a? lTdvvt, Tribute obtained lines 6d M from 1 " loads New Lauraville Gaffney's Creek, 11th Driven 3ft on south dyke for week Can get little gold 111 dish prompts s New Perthshire, Stawell, 27th At 600ft level sloping in reef fully 12ft wide Payable gold from wall to wall Shontimrdmvn road to level to straight in battle, with view of true ing state shouting lode Expect to be (hushed 1 in 10 days when hauling will be started An extra John ft of men employ ed New Prince of Wales I Eaglehawk 5th -opening, out levels north and ton He on reef at 40ft level North level extended Wr and south level life. Driving on east sale of reef and taken out about Sit- It same went through 40 loads for 20/ dwt. Crushed from underhand stopes at 150ft -40 loads for41)0*. Cdvvt treated 2 tons of places for ""9oz 2dwt for h levels on the new reef now showing little more gold stone n of nice appearance with more galena and annual show tug Intend others 20ft from shift to put rise up where expect to meet with shoot- of gold coming down 11 New, St Mungo I middle "th -I met xcut at 137ft extra kn 16ft a total S HL, Ground sandstone and five, intermixed with spurs showing mundic blackjack, and (unit na Hare now in the end 1 h 3 m bar of sandstone and several spurs, 700ft level south on black leader driven 16ft, total -74ft Cut new stone underlying east with leader and a number of the spurs are making off to cast from the New Normanby Dollar it (ttt Slopes it poor stope No 5 level South drive advanced 3ft small veins in face? No 8 ridicules rising non I li end No 4) south drive extended I left , stone improved appearance Shaft sunk 6ft New Chum and Victoria, Bridge *_"tb - shaft sunk 14ft, total J 970ft , ground hard sand-it one and slate. New Year, Steiglitz, 26th ---shift Sunk 18ft , depth below bottom level 15 ft sandstone and slate New I leviathan Maryborough, 27th - Year'- exten (all toll, total bills , In this, country favourable for lode Nell Norah. Ijimlsbotiu.li Cull - East drive extended 12ft. This drive is stopped and a visit opened on li towns south which is in sOft in full lemon, a little LOhl. Am rising botto n of this day of in order to get lilirlierln Miall New Comet, Bendigo 27th -1 Extended main line north at 22ft Sift-, country still arriving at ed no stone care but; little Hue polo: for list lift Start I densest to tests on on sandstone country, stone 111 fire over old buck practical; out Nov Ivoh I poor, lilian! 27th -No 1Ic%el,N'o 2 Rise North drive eUuiJid soft , good payable wash 4ft thick . passed through an old herewith 12ft of Wasp j,) buttons care in. 3000" paid West drive extended -rd In heavy wish (him.' good prospects Opened out opposite This due to a case of not the drive in good wash The three drives at present in solid ground South from rises are driven increase null nest principally throwing old ground with patches of good payable mu Smith and (smutty Workings- I rcaklll.'out stone showing old No. Shaft-I e a t manner not erection of premature engine and pumping gear to be completed in Hugo weeks time His Iltothcrs'ironie No 1, listing, Silo - Work proceeding to limit oil r 1 a A countries stone selected Not sufficient rails for ans!. si large fall from his Honor Supply Limited New Clunes Consols latest, Bendigo 25th -Shaft sunk '4ft,, making sailed from surface ground shallow l and slate bits and small threads of fairly Tnhutirscruslii I Ol, tons for 14oz a list NPivOhinii future,, trend of 17th -Jessie much leuliUPl did Hit total 24ft ; the (gold is duty, but still shows in fair quantities liner driven last from end of this in 1 1 It is in stout At assent to isdillloillt less if this false tip or not The stone underlies west, whilst seam, then I lost to t ist Iron still is stone in the face of Mill In the south stope the reef is making larger and in the third stope is 2 off show our 0 lit liquid in his across No time) In north stope' still continue to show fair "'gold Centre contain white blow -' find sunk 5ft total 270 slate is inaHliiir fri II 6? l with a stone Um thick. heavily laden with mundic Crushed 72 hours not It To -'dwt New (harden them, Moonatnlti, I shall under ground work stopped burn Munro had to IN skeleton shaft "-skids In and trimmed s the I to go. readY fort.s, which autumn longitude Nine 0 held a (sale France, 11th -North nest still parallel THE total IN , visit looking well Irons Willie Bertie Last in 25ft and under good 1 stope of mi mills at li Gliwilii.iiiriietfu lost di I was Wenna Cllhri ne IIIIIII to sTill - 1 led us to drown mine It ft stone in same as well defined wall Nine west drive total 17ft in hard s Hillston Mr port Fumio Pierce's 2 He -Win/irimkonreof 7ft still richly I, hope. slightly west, Up to 12in Chili and cirru.s bul, and North Hill and TI uri is I extd a.nil Smile by ft total lists both bart for blasting. but improving in totality ltisulL.*-Mr Dalmally issues very sills lately No selfish, life and flour, lUdul li or less 1 1 per cm' coin r, o p t cent No 2 Gold large silver, to India !.. Ind, 1 pinent til per, li. I per acre No stock, had. firm , bilur 270 Idut 11 lead 62 per cent , copper, (2 s per cent North hit. I Mil Tu'tninii Sith-Sll-ilt tank till , total. » 1 miner n in shaft who this. mine a apparently in lion spring I once manner.' in t not Just unlikely.' to suffer latitude Mnkliw through footwall and thin will treasure forever (Jim. to be mi of i incline no bin in. Murillo. Mur Mt Mo mt WA 1 length from the hall as 'I is!u"«orkln.siii till lb i ml In (mill I -millar to that sum lumping I asked lisle formal! in profits on the Lash and German air bases -are very ininurr.ni.> Norseman I co pt tin.- Nor man, 1 foliage 1 Kiss 1 unis Reef runs Huon's te Uro of properly bunk on the \l left issue principal 4ft wide not good sold. U Roll level reef making a bl, still shot his, KIO] soil I Ullin reels on pro pony unprospected Nov 19 li till 1 At , Mills k Vic -Blue never rest of us" reef 3in show a, little solid III stone and mill It NmbiMii Willi all letters cm critic team 1 50ft, to a 'Ut South drive Men in lift lulu) fill I satin was, sunk dl, Huf averages from able to -'m and prospects about same as last week Nine Inch by no, Mitlnik, "3rd lower tunnel western level driven by Mom le i tors making nails ' i and ino I How of your Coming from far Drive on the left on a istern lent shows Mr stone timing today told Patton will not start His end of this year louis! new boiler to subsection Ino loads air pipes for compressor and Hut ,. pump have been dull L id NUIOIIOIIB sheep 1 tails Napoleons J'lli -Result hours. to north of proictU would she allow laid (cold I can, nun W upon Hill is rd North Ion. illness 27th -buutilliMlilth.cn 10ft , told! fort 1 nee Isla Immntpd fairly N Duke Timor 'Uth -North branch reef drive oil well Intermediate cMiiulid I'll cash he here till over bulk Justly West continue Um reports of No. I am into shift extended 6ft Will Son To wish earl" attack No change in any officers MiMlOoor I dwt N Magdala Moonlight 'lowest 27th - from. us I tutor it, and love cb fun for our. soil no him of looking; through No 2 South Russell's Lauriston Uli- it Uli a daily JJ ill , lot ii from Teutonic Ulli Stone making,, Hood drop water IN Shenandoah I eudlo. still - level north at 6 "a (t drills DU , tolaHlill stone in I like of the. Rev ii 20in and in bottom HU thick In the Unit stole our Ills had the stone is 3ft bhovviujrtair old (crushed 15 tons for no 1 tilvsI ] N Slninrock billiard o 7th - hinterland stop and rest of tin I Shift developers in out nine see 'how his.' food 1911 Lrnshid JJ louis for On Hut N who run Tell, truthful .'th-Mliitul while to sink sHall about 300ft north of Who Can fill' bonny bird N Sloan, Llanillo JCtb C onlrulsn si m left i 6ft, total from Burnie will .romilbitiilbtniii N Old Child), I ending June South drive extended both parties country since but, total 771 railroad lit town. sbowlnirlnli laid At." IKiri level cast cf south of cut stone Iniuileilund stope is from 4ft to lulu show in a train at 1 At stum level on west le,; i trained lot is ship slots, which Is our A trial crushing, of JJ line from Melilla level west lit; theatre I love silver., and 97 load' flour J IIK)(t let silk r. Hill! N lrlniiol«nlis 1 in,leluiivii, 27th -Shaft sunk isit , total KIHI Ground very hard Machines working very well N Cars Rokewood, 26th - No 4 bore bottomed at 100 No J lift No " Hit 211 hard cementy wash on real, Na tl'botlamcd Did at, the cement wash Line of bores cottage fro i minuteness. i N Heidke Jlllh- ship sunk f n, around here I ?nlidslntiP, a Ith small bars of slate , N Bur, Unllarnt, '.'Util-«est York Clift In 2,«60IL, struck lode 4ft wide, pretty well defined I had soil iii'ntrollsrd , will open on It need arise 'South, Drive north, l, weston dish, plain , (runs in good appearance Preparing to drive north on top of rise on Guiding, Star lode at 1 writes L level N Birmingham, btcUMz, 2Mh-2tî0lt Level Rise I up Wife. raft Rev describe them stopingstoncood 31 quality Chaff Level rising to meet wings which own (the North drive extended.' Hit, total 35ft , a south drive extended 11ft, total 20ft reef 3ft 6 ide ahottimrwoil».old "(lift ] cvel-Northdnvc in 12ft I N Johnson's saddle. 7th - So It. shaft "Mr total 2 62ft, ground sandstone bars and seams of 'slate Tributers crushed "7 loads for "OK dwt and treated pv rites for 15 Inf N Trompf Maryborough, -10th -Shaft; sunk 25ft, total b fl N 1 mica Regent, Ballarat 26th - No 3 level Driven Putt west of wins, in south end through streams to be alone Win t in north end down Uti Opening out on every side to connect, A ah No level No 5 lcvtl-Smth drive in 12ft drive and bulk ale ps came in"' fair quantity stone in face I IN Mack's Lucky Koken ood 20th-North drive west HE It of lode extended 6ft in strong body stone, awash n increased aid for,) his gold in solid stone I North drive on eastern left without chance N Woah Hawp, Ballarat 30th - So I 1 overcast ' xcutcxttride ( 20ft. expect to be through sandstone country roads) No relieve eradicator made! 'showing coarse gold occasional) Stopes looking ! better Ophir Wedderburn both -under refitted and all connections mile , pulls units, engine house, and black-smith shop completed Start operations on Tuesday is ill, 1 endure south -east Shaft-.\t"joft north level on spurs extended 4 ft , the spurs are making an offer in face at present , but there is one apurabout the taking a quantity of music and showed be. cr in colours of cold West Sh at-At l,t>OU/L. level a Licensed Btotnngout reef leader averages from fire , to 18in and shows a little more gold during last few days Resolved to Xcut west from bottom of 1 600ft level to test the run of demand passed 1 through in 1 400ft main Xcut about 28ft. in from shaft Crushed 140 tons for 2 oz 4dwt Prince fell, Tuninmi 11th (IN Td'graph). Tunnel extended 15ft total 15ft to be in face of tunnel looks well Water coining free)) from face, xcut opening up splendid h Pride and Stringer, Yackandandah 25th -'South drive extended 7ft a total Hdft , lode tin and apparently) a fitting out after which expect to again at skirt into gold bearing shoot as before Started two stops from south rise been sold in solid stone repaired and cleaned out 6 ft of the main drive pray pardon to starting to connect with present work again crushing preceding satins ton!) Plates looking well Clean up on Tuesday Prince of Wales and Bonshaw, Ballarat 24th - 1 It Cleaned out faint t to become a water from mine ck HIL 1 out and paid The 1 up Pcnlhousu will be in port on red 4 to commence sinking early next week! south di concourse westerner J extended Of i and continues to cash a good footwall was a few inches of well mineralised I fa tone 1 0 4ft -Itisj up in a large body) stone coming in at top of it c canning plenty water in a stope J throughout without chance 17- tons yielded s >? Miss! tons Used parts 9-10: Odwt , total li to 14d t 1 attracted Mountain M ii I Corryong 23rd - Tunnel extended 7ft, total distance day in JGft I realise Unite i, Hi ALISTER both -Depth of shaft still. Milking bust, used peuJmg putting in of a lift of pumps" Pulkidli.iU.au Proprietary, itself 20th-No 1 Party Wash t " machine for 10s. No 2 Opening up Time drive south in the list tug wish coming fair gold No I-Main "shift flown Mr Company) s shaft is now Gift in good mail mg rock Tenders are being invited to sink fill depth I Kullee Freehold Rutherglen Gold - No 17 shoot west ILVC! up required height, I reparing«,ofix opening but Contractors for fast under level showing good progress now in 51 Main Lease No 19 extended 4 ft , oft good payable wash No north of a lift from oratorio Crown uigtsouthof No 15 [preparatory) to panelling No 14 working out Liumd of good quality Pruspcctmn on west level with fair acts \icli,J'Jlo¿. Premier, Coolgardie, the Old vertical Shaft South drive Extended Mt total 37ft, winze work from surface ft, and connected with above dray stopped drive for its prey it, and am new Striking, the IVULP on facts in portion of reef South (Under the) Mutt-Now down 144ft embrace Reef in bottom fully Jtt and worth full) 100" portion Open Cut SophiE here and will will have to take down several feet of reef each she of cutting before we can put it down a tramroad half keep! falling back into sides and ii n t taken down mist It is needed is true It ve) north of oil vert, i vi shafts foot of gold has L.OI10down in bottom, where we have commence 1 to sink a wiring below one put down from surface to a receipt this drive I do not expect a sale of our ncxtt- u-shiiigon Juno is to be quite an high as last turn, as well as to crush M list of open cut now being taken down to make room for the load I bring iUagmir, I tndUo -7th-bunk shaft 16ft,, Lot 32 A ! ft around him sandstone At 2,la5fU a level north drive a lift on a" stone total 104 If t "SOft xrMit west extended lift totalled Inbutcra triHlif I O loads for was due , company) crus ioJ 112 mails for 3oz 3dwt Prince Regent Ballarat Oth-770ft-Driving north and sloping west faces carrying: fair amount of on wide stone 7-in Proving south and sloping west withdrew 15ft of "ore 1 looking stone in face, t) her home without the age Start sharing main Kh ift Monday The six 1 Elshaw 27th -Extended western xcut at t ift Utt total left "in Mind very trial, but no in better country passed through spurahouiu/ tricolours were! IDs lit level-bunk vileness., total 29ft ground slate i id lava Cut several splits, one of which show-- mee colotiM hold Tributers crushed 14 loads for lo" I 'have 1 dress Akxantln, famine 27th -1800ft centre country Winze sunk 4ft to d 94ft, ground very firm Mtilbtoue just over 1 limit put up 14ft t iron th late and cross and ii vi spurs growing uiuicraU total 13ft Ituf n-<]>L art tohiniakin/acain Bolch, taking, 14th- Plant on cross lode, at C figuring vividly sunk rHit diiviu.rc.a--D for main reef, ALTUS in hereof drive heavily struck with iron and mum Heather united.? Railway Prince of water, l^ílchwk 27th Shaft sunk 5ft total 40 ft on Monday bored into -stone at both, to in of Shift, which brought In very heavy Dow water line wind been steadily drum as,, it, but try on Monday in, v n to butt Mo Tinto, gaving River, 13th - Adit No > lode total -" six lines 1 very I am, lot of water overhead , f tee now who v he,: strode matter, have been bleak inch ml magnetite and remains in trenches No 1 1 just. (forwarded trams It for assay, I Rokewood Uni ml ltol.ev.ood, 27th - Engage I assure jump-up, around one night, and progress slow band of pumps nine to ok es per minute to enter, Woo H Point, Jlrd - Vent from main tunnel driven 5ft , ground hard sandstone Rose of Denmark, Ik n do so, 27th -Oct Level Driven south Uti , stone 3ft thick Tributers (crushed- loads for hoz lawn Ko every, Coolgardie, 18th - Teaio 214 - Have sunk main shaft 6ft, total dep is lift country very hard Will start driving for roof in a few days lease 218. New Shaft Extended drive 23ft cast -over (1 y ideifriph).-lAcuiptlon granted Applied for conn attention Started to cut with two men. Rokewood! Consols Rokewood, 27th -Water lode ment completed Will start with on nin, chandlers for lower level on Monday) Started dismissing,' an again' in Hold him for removal and a sort ellon ItimilUtteef Uurlíton,2üth- No I defraud: lOfU on el. an underlying west, which shown -gold in breaking When opened up and air we must llxed,shnu'U ho iron above work At No t! Shaft, 75ft level, of. uiilc.ldrivet.otthlbit.forweck, total Utah There Uvtin often son of in; ouoa9U.ru letter 4in thick, of coal appearance Under the formation western v nil forming underlying 4ft. in fathom At 74ft, level drive south extended 6ft. total 36 ft. front MUL There is three lady of stone, well mine raided Itacccourde, Swell, 27th - No 1 Trial Shaft Drive extended lnwoähStft., and 3ft in good tunable wish, total 13ft. No 3 shaft- Drive extended sift in wash of poor quality v b Prince of Wales Consols, Deiidliro, 26th -"Xcut went driven 11ft t In all (lift Cut another Oval in which a hut carnival no time. Now driving south on it, and a little stone is now making at the from Lieut Water easier S 1 twenty Great, Sebastian, 20th - At 3000 whuoinnkML, total 29ft ground for last 4ft Mimi »tonetntemiKcd with quarts, there human little water making; At 25ft xcut west to wall extended 16ft, passed through Mt of stone into -state Xcut east estate led Mu, passed through several spurs of a nice appearance But of Last --chattered, 27th -to 1 Shaw - 3,000 ft Level Made taft In Mouth drive now distant president Will lode irregular 1 S Orr level-No him, to refer to his appearance of Stopes No 2 all At.- length I well Mended west Xcut star now in four shift Shaft Rise at north end at Join from the up loft , days strike of men continue to 1 p passed through a scene I , Garthowen no sign of abate out Emu Uv el-North drive advanced I -lift, full length 1 -Sift To learn I had direction assist wide and well mineralised Now get ships to be still driving south on the level 1 400ft level-. I outlined WITH put hOlt full length 40ft in slate country UDOft Ievel Urim about 11 drive 4ft, total 9 m results;, point FOR ft being in the Moor in wide No 2 rise is up (5ft without eh one Crushed instant for IPoz. 14 Ivvl soutH Pride and Stripes A are k at Umtata 27th rather visi L t mine decided on Uiiirnl one Week and UsUirtcl into dutch ( s Al well d He v KUuool 27th J- Muluiraot under Shaft sunk 23ft , total 1 It can be ,,00 1 turn in the aisle, with a slight increase of I .«iviitliein in 1 1 Prentice United, Rutherglen, SOld - II 3 h ink to 12ft , nurses c (nine put in now tim 1 came. up at I at kind puddling it up 1 op) or am-, I all liked, will JIILO them in position (early next week i I pi 11 Tendered and at industry in Alliompoted I south wea Curtin H ivis Tim iv 5th -No 2 lode lived in admiringly 11 um is from south of war in lode showed splendid oute rap for lengths of 10 it Off showing fault lies and the, shift 6d' cost in this strip d tendency of it and can be further Htm p in for Sft Underlie shaft has to be sunk to depth of Ot near centre of the out (crop left to cool MOU I ore It three Rim pic of which from different (depths TIMELY as follows -a No 1 1 died on mi copper pv Pitt s life of silver 12 per cent copper, No 2 Williams and Htihidlp . oz of over, 4 per cent copper No 2 instants James To of river to a tent copper, SI) i r rent line min N ) 1 tunnel i OH J.O in. ahead, i.iviii_r7 ft 11 re (orders under the outcrop about Left To Idmt (until hard 1 situate six weeks to reach I turn it we have OOtom of ore actually in next value at STAM He Mr to» I-oa^jvshalf those I north of shift cry of 4 a silver 12 per cent copper and Mor officer b per cent copper One sample ( him- north of shift 1 for five 17 per cent tops of two chains south of shaft two active men Gil liver It current copies, ml 107- save 17 per cent 1 Mimili lode dips at this point and see] a (bit of weight for f chains then outcrops Iwo lbiiuplei"wo L ? task of 4 percent copper No 4 .o-íAiiouh 2 (G Miller Ince 1 lode claim beyond Hi of point underlay h taft yielded 125 tons that I pass ore We can obtain shaft of luck by tun The lad,? 3s Catherine Reef, I cndU'o, 27th -I tended No 60, or 70ft east vote Vit making;.' 271 from all lit had (a sandstone and lit class families; in fine but not H I hard , k tom is a little damp s action, in the Ion 27th -Shaft sunk 16ft or dom -and a staff We have made to put plan which will be H mt from surface The teams will the i To think limit mother Oft (or a well in lifesaver) done In consequence of putting in a new coin) and I ah comparing- it will be completed to-day and work resumed on Monday next a I j StO t (f amalgam from ripples and fines for I'm not) ! S (human 1 Mil Maldon, 17th -Shaft mud IJII or 16ft from surface South St MUUHO Bendigo l th At l/eft north and extending lift a total of. from Xcut, In very hard nature Winze from this level [sunk 5ft total -U in a fine looking reef showing gold At fishing level have ( team d out when read fortune in it, until h is now down Mt Crushed from l,2t>i)ti winze 171 Noyon (or silos, and from south level is long slow dwt headway The yield from winze world I average about 10s to the ton Resolved to sink shaft another hit bouth I once lived Lxld , WaudiUifoiip; idle - Working in which from lower tunnel, reef now It wide and carrying gold, reserves mineral soon take outcruahlntr Shenandoah, Bendigo, 27th - Breaking stone from stopes over ¿t7S ft level In north stopes for a height of ltd a tone is mixed with centre of mud -stone and date, and carries fair told all through In the ut open over this (hu reef U moroiottlcd The move by South stopes will average Kits, wide all through, and carry a little uoUI The south level on the west leg drive Kit,, toUr 2BL the issue to the I end is making huge Crushed 5 i tons for 10oz. 6dwt South Federation, Zulu Creek 20th - Extended drive TO t 1 Specimen Hill I Eaglehawk 27th - Shaft sunk 13ft total 119ft, Tributes crushed 16 loads for UIOA i "ill t I Steels and Glamorgan Yandoit 20th -Sunk star 16ft total ft,, in slate, country hard, but good shooting "mun 1 Salt Butter flame south-west crosscut ex- tented 2 ft total OWE san is to no bars and blue East Xcut extended 5ft total lift sandstone «-" 1 nice of Wales Eaglehawk 2ah Poppet legs now up visit St Runs len ligo 27th ("May. west Xcut extended 6ft total just , cronin! -jan Unit and but within our line in face 1 & lit upon xcut at a wanted 7ft in had bars of hawthorn total of ft i level north at 1 5 ft driven 15ft, total -Ufi. Strata quarts and Muk ship Mcmaster of mineral w hire from 1 on aft, sunk 4 ft all in stone show in little gold Stop. severe 15ft south level show little gold occasionally As I Uti stopes show little old and several have told first of soil b-UMi step in Moon run out west as to still his quantity as hingstulT uverl.ÜiOft south level and at times but fine cold steel Crushed 40 loads for -01) i- I have tuesday June? from 12 loads availed, lah I darkly ohm is 1 from tribute block "JOY 13dwt gold from 32" loads also "down 7d t from plates 5th slopes Plat" in HO 1 Italhrvt w h -Tail cred l shift and opened 1 out 'lit and ( craft level Sir I en led 1 drive temporarily) Ifnckri task for extending the xcut weat 9 )Ö£t,-\\\ c t ere beat m Mt Coutts) J favourable for work in.. Sulieman Pasha Ballarat 27th - liming north on course of lode at Soft stone making in face of drive and with mint raided 78 Jft.-south and stopes show decided imp ex radiant no change in north end Crushed for fortnight .«?'> tons for layers 14 dwt, in cluding or 2 dwt from copperplates beat Bendigo -dh - 4-ÍC-\cut driven Dit , total! lift tree id hard sand Non and dry an end 1 Jkifr -Xcut east driven 4ft total it very hard sandstone Sunlit vin Napoleon 25th -Main shaft sunk, 11ft , total 19 ft making, very tight bar Hour) Loch Bredan 20th -Main drive at I 20ft cleaned out and re tired The., total 2nd Main drive at 1 rOJTr extends a His lode in face MU di I do in tea but.,' stops s south small lode in stope above this level main line us aiera-e--Í7P but at present is poor r No 2Shut-lodoaboveNo Olevcl about-ft wide No a level without change Shamrock Bendigo "6th - S East said It total from plat 2 ft and from -carried "out Sinking of shaft to pleted, an The en aged cutting plat at 1 7 left Tul liners from Young Chum end crushed 18, 10s li for the lDdvvt speedwell I ararat _Gth-7"0ÍU-Main shaft sunk 70ft South Main Drive RUP up 15ft done following gold Ititeimrdute I ever indicator poor Stopes itinerating 7 40ft - stores throughout came (The fair stone OoUfU- ston poor UOft-Stone improved at -very small an 1 poor No I Shaft northwest to it in no country) UstVut -cars parking -shaft South Main Drive Moe country coming in and stone making. West Act A tin in face shows gold No 4 Winze- stone Im proved Indicator W mile-stone very j our , bee brother "of I "the, South Yield \b^07 dwt Spring Hill and Co and leaU Ivinusion, "Cth -Main shaft sunk Mt Though i it and put on a pump tot 1 death 0 it water increasing.. Ulnd ing eng area occupied 1 and passe I by Inspector Machine \ worth the South Star Sebastopol with - 1 4CKift,-T drastic rise for reception of quartz 1 lOtt North drive extended 6ft on course of lode which costs is of large bunches of well mineral! in stone South drive. in 30ft face similar in and came to 50ft -North dmem4ï).fr a country district SO t -North drive in 50ft to be run of fair play) S (HU-No 2 rise south weSt <_0ft-No 1 UM. north up 9ft lode -It VU Stopes viewing aurora quantity payable stone Contract letter remove it and rear elton of winding plant coast in, of pan for 3) in her timbers, pops at Heads 5 Sadowa Markham k 27th Extended 1 more level 4ft. making a soft lot of stone but poor at present Passed through lay a and sale on west side From soft leather 4 months back climbed li I fail" \iciahiL-o/ 14dwt ( mud islands from No which was poor Tributers crushed 21) loads for -oz Mdut South New Moon I agree Y k "Other Stoping acrosjwc3t2-fi of retort north drive "Ift more ground to take oiKto got to end of drive 12ft from xcut When this is coin stated it was decided to drive a level on estimate New Moon t ounces a day tance of 15ft, in short-cut part Have started an intermediate level 40ft above CAst west xcut, driving south on the stone Have crushed 132 yards for 200 (foR loads of pyrites treated forms 2dwt total f)or -dwt tributers crushed 22 loads for 33oz 15dwt Sloane s mu! Scotchman's Stawell Tth - Coin pleated satin. with lemon 1 drill Work being carried on aUGHt level In Morne shaft cutting, their ber pre- paration of breaking out stone from flat reef at this level Stone in fm e of drh e looks well ThomSon Toorak on -9th - skip Shaft Centre tan will have completed cutting of hopper and pint at Na IO and laid skip road from No 5 to 15 by to morrow night No 0 I celery into 1 even down Wife . lode between walls 6ft wide, with little (Mee and state in an idle Good pay 1 bold showing a profit In footwall portion Delayed through air being little Ka 1 and w the heavy v. Put in air pipes and expect to make more progress in future Trompf s Am again it ed Mary borough, 27th -Shaft sunk for week 12ft , total Shift by him erected I Tarrawingee I lux and Xramivvv, 24th Flux delivered to mines for fortnight 2-107 tons Tasmania, Beaconsfield, 24th -left, level east want of occur on every make of to be a, distance of 7ft driven, tunnel 20ft. At this point lode is 6ft. Prime dates) back from face we have opened up main foot wall westward for 20ft in length, average width of 15 he, lift, all very good quail t) stone The stopes throughout this level show an average width of lode lift news of xcut I expert to start IbU level within the next four weeks (HWIt, level command of xcut, hanging wall part of new make of lode We have driven Sit, full length JOSft , lode 8ft wide, can be a sandstone horse in lenTe. 4ft stone is fair quality StaDlnir as usual, lode from 2ft. to 4th No 2 Winze being sunk, on the footwall of lode. stone 4ft- Miuft. level eastward of xcut, two prospecting cuts are moving southward after a branch of lode We are using mullock to fill up stoned out portions of the lode, West of main xcut sloping on the main to be, nice south parallel lode, stone throughout 4ft wide and good quality South Xcut driven 12ft total 144ft Northward Xcut driven I left Tasmania No 7 level west of xc it, three stopes working west war) on foot ntl branch of Io le which is 3ft 6in 1.01 el mi mile course pin had ahead 10ft., total Hufu No. a level west of main course, No I whian 6ft. deep, to be 4ft, and fair quain von Moltke. Hillsborough, 23rd Tunnel extended 3ft,, total piUfL.couiiirv very hard freely Inter traversed with quartz leaders well mineralised, which seem to indicate change not far ahead United Devonshire, Bendigo 27th -Level north from intermediate cigarette factory 40ft. extended 12ft, total 16ft , the spurs show a nice colour or two of gold out annually completed preparations for Milking shaft, 60 tons crushed gave '2oz- lCdvv t I note rest, Grant 22nd - bad weather delayed Incline trim work, will ult 12 working days to come there : tunnel proceeding satisfactorily United Brothers, Glen W H, 22nd No 4 Level -South drive extended 11ft a total 72ft. lode small and poor in quality No. 2, J, I, and T Stove extended 20ft ; lode 15in , was three stone Interine line from north shaft to Undid 18ft lode 20in, payable stone No. 2 Level North duvcextended Hill; lode 23ft all payable stone, containing large percentage mineral NOP, t and 2 stopes over this drive extended 23ft , lode 18in , payable stone South Ulysses 12 3 4, and 6 stope extended 771, loJo tyre is payable H to me, containing large percentage of mineral Cleaned up for stair.. Norn 316 ton? United mine, Bendigo, 24th - Sinking rtMitncd ApeuHinu ground bird san Intone bard Depth from plat J 1ft, fun and OJIft day from surface cut cane at IHHIft driven lift., in all 15ft. from t w shaft, ground slate, sandstone, and multi lying west United Albion?, Steiglitz th Good progress being made with erection of pumping plant Victoria Gordon, 27th - ttOft level North drive extended Hit. stone coming up from underfoot 240ft. lived South drive advanced Left , should but late in shift. nOOft I overlies up It cut me )ÄJ 1 de lift big 1 lugger) flat presently, more favourable appearance stone showing galena Victoria Unite I Kalinin, in - West xcut Ofltift Inflft., Innl ship country was well defined vein in face r(i7fr north drive on indicator making bitter proclaim ground more suitable Sloper here without chamber cut wheat for blue states in action, 1 after -all -1 Using poppet legs. Whim in order victory and Inndvr. TI n ligo 27th Centre (country went below Theft sunk the total 120 around tan trade uilcispiiHd with few quartz L\\\at«,otM steward, Donnelly was Creek 10th -1 x te i le 11 men tunnel left , total -lift , ground in face li0tltMUklûllC Ut tern I extd , Aehnii north I engined rising from lower level to meet air short helm, mail from "Nuri es Risen and timbered lift for week Hoop M iniiLctlun made be good facilities for stoping out West I met, Dundas 10th Towered vi ever In shaft to a full don wheat Adit level (at the graph ¿trdi- Ilavt stopped wheel chair to-day it) of water in till (J!) ielc.ra.h, nth; State wheel the night Western Star Carngham, 27th -Sml In large Sift li ill for a longer chai b i Mid rfrforvveLk mil depth 7 feet M du rise on Dritnnnla lode going up in disturbed country Mido 7ft for week full height i left W Xcut extended 15ft full launch from tliamlcr4_2tt Water from Mee hlLhtlv InertiMu WentMiiili.ht Hillgrove tal -No f Richenda line left txtudelWt, tot U "ad JIt of lode in face Stijeiabovp drive continue to give a series quality quite z Main who has sunk 4 ft total 'mir Only taking Stilwell of lade Mint most of Arts on footwall left standing t ft frostbitten lode being of greater width than required for unit No di tugs in west drive was li mu Ufi fiouifihaft New mimoT work The, toast-. factories and fine play it t oilcake. up to one ton of nature die per day) Utah up with today's half year We t Prime an Wal 9 Eaglehawk, Sith -Mu WIHL 100ft driven 4 ft total 21 Ifu sanctorum Shot p d ii m and love on stout pulled through at about iWfr St i seen any gold Wahgunyah UiithonJcn Othello 23 dealing with, t in from shaft I left in good we all will for prospects so I went to 40ft in food is fish that. got a prospects No 2 xcut in a lift with strong walls and good gold Ground in this rise opening up very well, no sign of the opposite leaf in any of thextuU)tt Yield for week, or WelshnuiiH Stawell -lib No 2 cross out from No 2 rise driven off Opened to dine i at its task lunn face in (good and, an i driven "ft nintklugwith one part in No rise oner He' drive In "The Cold Week 1 os 7d West Volunteer Lefroy), -7th - shaft sunk I (t nulli p side below door of No steel Ixpeftlont lode at No h In four weeks from day The underhand ftO) in,' at Nos 4 and 'a level unpayable landscape d, and stone now on hand! will be crushed during week ~ West Berry Consols Creiwti,k,£7lh -Unvpeleanel and repaired a total (hit ince of I Aloft and should make better progress, as the water H incursion", and hvvuimwonU the 12in Ilftworkiug Wiltshire Quartz I have nth - Ivopt animal "ship constantly) during week str lady residents hand in I Shaft now down to witness beales body H Stn bark of will take out all w ill Zeehan Bell Zeehan _ith-StaitesI while Points shaft depth of '6ft Mik with patent lift until um , one comes to hand (Jet down in about the of w neck 