WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOONGER. BY MISS BRADD03ST. CHAPTER XIV.— THE MILLBANK GHOST. One of tho greatest charms of London has ever been the facility of getting away from it to some adjacent rustic or pseudo rustic spot, and in 1666, though many people declared that the city had outgrown all reason, and was eating up the coun- try, a two mile journey would carry the Londoner from bricks and mortar, to rusticity, and while the tower of St. Paul's Cathedral was still within sight he might lie on the grass on a wild hillside, and hear the skylark warbling in the blue arch above him, and scent the hawthorn blowing in untrimmed hedgerows. And then there were the fashionable resorts — tho gardens or the fields which the town had marked as its own. Beauty and wit had their choice of such meeting grounds between Westminster and Barn Elms, where in the remote solitudes along the river murder might be done in strict accordance with etiquette, and was too seldom punished by law. Among the rendezvous of fashion there was one retired spot less widely known than Fox Hall or the Mulberry Garden, but which possessed a cer tain repute, and was affected rather by the ex- clusives than by the crowd. It was a dilapidated building of immemorial ago, known as the "haun ted abbey," being in fact the refectory of a Cis tercian monastery of which all other remains had disappeared long ago. The abbey had flourished in the life time of Sir Thomas More, and was mentioned in some of his familiar epistles. The ruined building had been used as a granary in the time of Charles the First; and It was only within the last decade that it had been redeemed from that degraded use, and had beon in some measure restored, and made habitable for the occupation of an old couple, who owned tho surrounding fields, and who had a small dairy farm from which they sent fresh milk into London every morning. The ghostly repute of the place, and the attrac tion of new milk, cheese cakes, and syllabubs, had drawn a certain number of those satiated pleasure-seekers who were ever on the alert for a new sensation, among whom there was no one more active or more noisy that Lady Sarah Tew kesbury. She had mado the haunted abbey in a manner her own, and invited her friends to mid- night parties to watcn tor tne gnost, anu to morn ing parties to eat syllabubs and dance on the grass. She had brought a shower of gold Into the lap of the miserly freeholder, and had husband and wife completely under her thumb. Doler, the husband, had fought in tho civil war, and Mrs. Doler had been a cook In the Fairfax household; but both had scrupulously sunk all Cromwelllan associations since his Majesty's re turn, and in boasting, as he often did boast, of having fought desperately and been left for dead at the battle of Brentford, Mr. Doler had been careful to suppress the fact that he was a hire ling soldier of the Parliament. He would weop for the martyred king, and tell the story of his own wounds, until it Is possible he had forgotten which sight ho had fought for in remembering his prowess and sufferings. So far there had been disappointment as to the ghost. Sounds had been heard of a most satis fying grlmness, during those midnight and early morning watchlngs; rapplngs, and scrapings, and scratching on tho wall, groanings and moanings, sighings and whisperings behind tho wainscoto; but nothing spectral had been seen, and Mrs. Doler had been severely reprimanded by her patrons and patronesses for tho unwarrantable conduct of a spectro which she professed to have seen as often as she had fingers and toes. It was tho phantom of a nun — a woman of ex ceeding beauty, but white as the linen which band ed her cheek and brow. There was a dark story of violated oaths, priestly sin, and the sleepless conscience of tho dead which could not rest even in that dreadful grave where the sinner had been Immured alive, but must needs haunt tho Totosteps of tho living, a wandering shade. Some there were who disbelieved in tho tradition of that living grave, and who even went so far as to doubt the ghost; but tho spootro had an established repute of more than a century, was firmly be lieved in by all the children and old women of the neighborhood, and had been written abqut by students of the unseen. One of Lady Sarah's parties took place at full moon, not long after the visit to Deptford, and Lord Fareham's barge was again employed, this time on a nocturnal expedition up the river to the fields near the haunted abbey, to carry Hya cinth, her sister, Do Malfort, Lord Rochester, Sir Ralph Masaroon, Sir Denzil Warner, and a bevy of wits and beauties — beauties who had, some of them, been carrying on the beauty-business and trading in eyes and complexion for more than one decade, and who loved that night season when paint might he laid on thicker than in the glare of day. Tho barge wore a much more festive aspect under her ladyship's management than when used by his lordship for a daylight voyage like the trip to Deptford. Satin coverlets and ta pestry curtains had been brought from Lady Faro- ham's own apartments, to be flung with studied carelessness over benches and tabourets. Her ladyship's stnging-boys and musicians wore group ed picturesquely under a silken canopy In the bows, and a row of lanterns hung on chains fes tooned from stem to stern, pretty gewgaws, that had no illuminating power under that all-potent moon, out wmcn guuereu wku cuiureu ugui iiau jewels, and twinkled and trembled in the summer air. A table in the stern was spread with a light col lation, which gave ail excuse for tho display of parccl-gllt cups, silver tankards, and Venetian wine llaslts. A fountain played perfumed waters in the midst of this splendor, and it amused the ladies to pull oil their long gloves, dip tliein in the scent ed water, and flip them In the faces of their beaux. The distance was only too short, since Lady Fareham's friends declared tile voyage was by far the pleasanter part of the entertainment. Denzil, among others, was of this opinion, for It was his good fortune to have secured the seat next Angela, and to be able to interest her by his account of tho buildings tliey passed, whose historical associations wero much better known to him than to most young men of his epoch. He had sat at the feet of a man who scoffed at pope nnd king,, and hated episcopacy, but who rovered all that was noble and excellent in England's past. "Flams, mere flams," cried Hyacinth, acknow ledging the praises lavished on her barge; "hut It you like clary wino better than skimmed milk you had best drink a brimmer or two before you leave tho barge, since 'tis odds you'll get nothing but syllabubs nnd gingerbread from Lady Sarah." "A substantial supper might frighten away tho ghost, who doubtless parted with sensual propensi ties when she died," said Do Malfort. "How do we watch for her? In a severe silence, as if wo were at church?" "I would keep silence for a week 0' Sawbaths gin I was sure o' seeing a bogie," said Lady Euphemia Dubbin, a Scotch marquis's daughter, who had married a wealthy cit., and made It the chief endeavor of her llfo to ignoro her husband and keep him at a distance. She hated the man only a little less than ills plebeian name, which sho had not succeeded in persuading him to change, because, forsooth, there had been Dubbins in Mark Lane for many generations. All previous Dubbins hnd lived over their warehouses and offices; but her ladyship had brought Thomas Dubbin from Mark Lane to my Lord Bedford's Piazza in tho Covent Garden, where he endured tho tedium of oxlstenco In a fine new house in which he was afraid of hi3 fine new servants, and never had any thing to cat that he liked, his gastronomic taste being for dishes the very name of which wore in tolerable to persons of quality. This evening Mr. Dubbin had been Incorrigible, and had insisted on Intruding I1I3 clumsy person upon Lady Fareham's party, arguing with a dull persisteuco that his name was on her ladyship's billet of invitation. "Your name is on a great many invitations only because it Is my misfortune to be called by it," bis wife told him. "To sit on. a barge after ten o'clock at night in June — the coarsest month in summer- Is to court lumbago; and all I hope Is ye'Il not he punished by a worse attack than common." Mr. Dubbin had refused to be discouraged, even by this churlishness from his lady, and appeared in attendance upon her, wearing a magnificent birthday suit of crimson velvot and green brocade, which he meant to present to his favorite actor at the duke's theatre, after he had exhibited himself in it half a dozen times at Whitehall for the bene fit of the great world, and at the Mulberry Garden for the admiration of the bona robas. He was a fat, double-chinned little man, the essence of good nature, and perfectly unconscious of being an of fence to fine people. Although not a wit himself, Mr. Dubbin was occasionally the cause of wit in others, if the prac tice of bubbling an Innocent rustic or citizen can be called wit, Rochester and Sir Ralph Masaroon, aud ono Jorry Spavinger, a gentleman jockey, who was a nobody In town, but a shining light at New market, took it upon 'themselves to draw the harm less citizen, and, as a preliminary to making him ridiculous, essayed to make him drunk . Tjaoy were ciusiereu logemer in a little group somewhat apart from the rest of the company, and were attended upon by a lackey who brought a full tar.kard at the first whistle on the empty one, and wtom Mr. Dubbin, after a rapid succession of brimmers, insisted on calling "drawer." It was very seldom that Rochester condescended to tako part in any entertainment whereon the royal sun shone not, unless It were some post-midnight marauding with Buckhurst, Sedley, and a band of wild coursers from the purlieus of Drury Lane. Ho could see no pleasure in any medium between Whitehall and Alsatia. "If I am not fooling on tho steps of the throne, let mo loll In the gutter with pamphleteers and orange-girls," said this precocious profligate. "I abhor a reputable party among your petty nobili ty, and If I had not been in love with Lary Fare- ham off and on, over since I out my second teeth, I would have no hand in sucji humdrum business as this." "There's not a neater filly In the London stable than her ladyship," said Jerry, "and I don't blame your taste. I was slde- glasslng her yesterday In HI Park, but sho didn't seem to relish the man oeuvre, though I was wearing a Chedreux peruke that ought to strike 'em dead." "You don't give your peruke a chance, Jerry, while you frame that ugly phiz in it." "Why not buffle the whole company, my lord?" said Masaroon, while Mr, Dubbin talked apart wltn Lady Euphemia, who had come from the other end of the barge to warn her husband against excess In Rhenish or Burgundy. "You are good at disguises. Why not act the ghost and frighten everybody out of their senses?" "It n'y do quol, Ralph. The creatures havo no sense to be robbed of. They are second-rate fashion, which is only worked by machinery. Tney Imitate us as monkeys do, without knowing what they aim at. Their women have virtuous in stincts, but turn wanton rather than not bo like the maids of honor; and becauso we have our duels their men murder eaoh otbor for a shrugged shoulder or a casual word. No, I'll not chalk my face or smear myself with phosphorus to amuse such trumpery. It was worth my pains to dis guise myself as a Gorman Nostradamus, In order to fool the lovely Jennings and her friend Price— who won't easily forget their adventures as orange girls in the heart of tho city. But I have done with all such follies." "You are growing old, Wllmot. The years are telling upon your spirits." "I was nineteen last birthday, and 'tis fit I should feel the burden of time, and think of virtue and a rich wife." "Like Mrs. Mallet, for example." "Faith, a man might do worse than win so much beauty and wealth. But the creature is arrogant, and calls mo 'child,' and half the peerage Is after her. But we'll have our jest with the city crub, Ralph; not because I bear him malice, hut becauso I hate his wife. And we'll have our masquerading somo time after midnight; if you can borrow a little finery." Mr. Dubbin was released from his lady's sotto voce lecture at this instant, and Lord Rochester continued his communication in a whisper, the Honorable Jeremiah assenting with nods and chuckllugs, while Masaroon whistled for a fresh tankard, and plied the honest merchant with, a glass which ho never allowed to be empty. (To be continued.) 