A DUDESShIN EXlLE [BY PHILIP S. WARNE.] CHAPTER XVII. COWAIRD CONSOIENCE. With Dr. Reinhardt gone to Biloxi, and Donna Catalina retired to her room, Don Felipe found his solitude haunted on the one hand by torturing thoughts of the barrier he had raised between Agatha Malden and himself, and on the other by reflection on the unhappy tenant of 'that grave under the willows that made him pace the length of the picture-gallery, with clammy hands and great beads of sweat starting on his forehead. ' Oh! cruel deed !' he exclaimed. ' Horror! horror! Santo Deoz ! she will haunt me to my dying day.' Thus he continued far into the night, until the melody of the negro hymn was born to him. At first he was thrilled with superstitious dread, then, on reflection, angered at Pomp's seeming dereliction of duty, which he hastened to rebuke. At sight of the Spaniard there was a moment of suspended activity, in which Mos thought that concealment was at an end. Then he reflected that he could not have been dis covered, he and Pomp standing in the dep shadow while Don Felipe ap pe.red in the broad moonlight; and with a whispered caution he glided away, and crouched down behind a clump of willows. Pomp took his cue instantly. ' Who's hyer ?' he challenged, stop ping forward, gun in readiness. ' Oh ! am dat you, Massa Fillipy ?' 'What's all this row about?' de manded Don Felipe, sharply. S'Oh, Massa Fillippy, I tell ye honest an' true-I's been drefful skeered.' ' Scared ? At what ?' ' Ghos'ea,' replied Pomp, with an awed expression, 'De mos' mons'ouses ghos' you obber see-riz right up out o' dat grabe whar you stan'-Massa Max's grabe. Golly! it took de crinkle out o' my har. I reckoned I was a gone coon, for sure ; an' den I shut my eyes tight, an' sang, "Roll on! Hallelujah! Roll!" An' when I opened my eyes de debil had cl'ared out. But, Massa Fillippy, die am a mons'ous skeory place fur to stay all alone by mys'lf. Reckon now, you couldn't stay a little while ?' concluded Pomp, piteously. ' Nonsense,' said Don Felipe. ' You have let your superstitious fancy run away with you. There are no such things as ghosts. Now, hear me-I want this thing done quietly. No one must know that you have kept this -watch. If it is discovered through your folly I will have you whipped. Do you hear ?' ' Yes, Massa Fillippy. I's powerful s'orry-'deed I is. I won't do so no mo'.' ' It won't be well for you if you do.' And Don Folipe returned to the house, little dreaming how much truth lay beneath Pomp's ghost story. In his place of concealment Max had undergone a slight struggle, such as only the eight of Don Felipe could arouse in his breast. Now he came forth, pale with repression. At' the same time Horace Warwick appeared from among the shadows in the opposite direction. Impatient of waiting, he had crept forward and witnessed the meeting between Pomp and Don Felipo. ' You just saved your skin that time my boy,' he said, pleasantly. For reply Pomp would have sprung upon him to his injury, but that Max restrained him, explaining : ' My friend. It is all right. And now let us lose no time. The whim may seize him at any moment to re turn and discover us.' 'Is that the man you suspect?' asked Horace. 'I will tell you all at some future day,' said Max. 'I am in torture until this is successfully consum mated.' - ' All right,' replied Horace, in his brisk, business-like manner. ' Here, Pomp-this way, if you please. I hope you will prove as good at dig ging as at deception.' The tools wera brought from the carriage, and Pomp worked industri ously with one shovel, though pale lips and dilated eyes attested his superstitious fear, while Max and Horace alternated with the other. Through their combined efforts, the earth was soon cleared from the lid of the box which held the casket. * 'Now, E1ax,' said Horace, 'you must lot me finish this. Step to one side, my dear fellow. You are in no condition to receive the shock that further participation in this matter will give you.' Horace had the wraps in readiness. Removing the lid of the casket, he lifted the body of the ill-fated Mada lena. It was quickly enveloped in the blankets and borne to the carriage. He was about to return to the grave to fiuish the work when he was confronted by Max, looking so wild that even he was startled. ' Good Heaven, Max!' he cried, 'this will never do. You must calm yourself.' ' Go! Go at once!' urged Max, nlot heeding his friend's solicitude. 'I will see to the rest, and follow you as soon as possible. That villain is pacing the veranda, and may come out here at any moment. We must not be detected now.' Realizing the danger, Horace com plied, though reluctant to leave his friend, and Max stood and saw the carriage move slowly and noiselessly away into the night. At some distance dbwn the road Horace alighted to secure the halter strap, which had come loose, kicking unawares a small object from the car riage bottom into the road. Through the open carriage-door a woman, who stood motionless in the shadows beside the road, saw a strange figure, wrapped about from head to foot, propped in the opposite corner. When the carriage moved on the woman went out into the road and picked up a knot of flowers which her own hand had that morning placed on poor Madalena'e bosom while she lay in her coffin. Driven by some perturbation of soul, Miss Carson had gone out into the night to wander in solitude, think ing-who can tell what thoughts? For a long time she gazed in the direction in which the carriage had gone; then she turned and walked slowly toward the Cypresses, with her eyes fixed on the bouquet. Meanwhile Max had returned to the grave to obliterate the traces of recent disturbance, a task the easier since the earth was yet fresh. But at the last moment there came an inter ruption. Don Felipe was discovered almost upon them, approaching the spot stealthily, as if to surprise Pomp, if he was off guard. Max made the discovery, and sprang into the shadows. Pomp, his brain already in a whirl wizh what he had passed through, lost, all presence of mind, and yielded to the first impulse, which he called 'playin' 'possum.' Sinking to the ground, he pretended t6 be uncon scious. Thus he was discovered an instant later by Don Felipe, who fell into a very natural error. 'Asleep !' he growled, with a savage oath. 'I'll wake him.' Thereupon the Spaniard dealt poor Pump several heavy kicks on the head, turning his simulated uncon sciousness into a reality. Max, seeing this, was goaded be yond endurance. With an inarticu late cry of rage he started from his place of concealment. Turning his head so as to look over his shoulder, Don Felipe discovered him, the upper half of his body clearly revealed in the moonlight, the lower half hidden by intervening shrubbery. A branch having, as he rose, pulled off Max's hat and tumbled his hair over his eyes, he tossed it back with a motion which the half-brothers had inherited from their father-the same that the true Max had made when he rosesfrom the sea with Agatha Maiden on his arm. A happy accident brought the grave in which Don Felipe knew one Max to be resting directly between the foes, and his mind already prepared for the delusion, to the Spaniard the appari tion looked like the head and shoul ders of the dead man floating in the air above his grave. In an agony of terror he whirled round, drew a pistol, and fired, to see the startling apparition vanish in stantly. Then the glade rang with a shriek, which woke more than one in the negro quarter, and brought them up right in bed, to shiver with supersti tious terror. It was a woman's shriek, and the slaves said to one another: 'She can't rest alongside o' Massa Max. Dat 'ah place'll be ha'nted till de resurrection mo'n.' It was the same scream that aroused Agatha, a moment after she saw Don Felipe fly into the house and lock himself into the brilliantly lighted picture-gallery. Had Don Felipe stayed a moment after his shot, instead of flying so madly from the spot when he believed that he had seen Max Fenton's ghost, he would have seen Miss Carson spring forward, cast herself on the ground beside Max, and take his head into her arms. This woman, usually as cold and emotionless as marble, was now terrible in her in tense passion. 'Max! Max!' she gasped in a hoarse whisper, gazing at him as if She could scarcely credit her senses, while she held his head on her bosom, with his bloodless face turned to the moonlight. ' Alive! No, no! dead! dead!' she moaned, rocking her body *to and fro; 'dead ! and by his hand. Oh, Max! oh, my darling--mine in death !' *Whatever their differences of sta tion, it was plain that this woman loved Max Fenton with no comnion passion. But he did not hear the voice that now told her love; nor feel the kisses pressed upon his closed eyelids. His hair was sodden with blood from a wound on the side of his head. In a sort of frenzy she hugged his head to her, until the bosom of her dress was saturated, as if she sought to draw his blood into her heart. She knew nothing of the vicinity of the unconscious Pomp, nor of what had occurred in that place of sepul ture, since she had reached the spot only in time to see Max appear, to receive the fatal shot, and from a di rection which enabled her to see him to better advantage than flid the Spaniard. As strange, almost mira culous, as it appeared, after the first thrill she realised that it was Max in the flesh, and not a disembodied spirit. Now, while she mourned him as dead in the very moment which gave Shim back to live, she was startled by a writhing of his body, and a low moan. £Not dead ! not dead !' she gasped. In that moment she discovered Agatha's approach, and laying Max's head gently on the ground, sprang out upon her with the savage instinct of an animal protecting its young. We have seen her disposal of the governess. All the while, she was reflecting on the strange fact of Max allowing the world to believe him dead. 'Whatever his reason,' she mused, 'until he sees fit to break the seal of secrecy, it must be preserved. Don F?lipe will believehimsslf the victim of a delusion. I must protect my darl ing, while he is helpless.' With this purpose, she went to a pasture lot and caught a horse, which she led to the willows; but when she had entered the shadows a low cry escaped her lips; then all was still. CHAPTER xvIII. DR. REEIIIARDT IN THE IHOLE OF A DETECTIVE. Like a madman Don Felipe paced the floor of the picture gallery, his face ghastly. Startled from her sleep by Miss Carson's shriek, Donna Catalina rushed from her bedchamber with a flowing wrapper thrown over her nightdress. At the sound of her hand trying the door, Don Felipe crouched, quivering and staring like a veritable maniac. Finding the door fastened, my lady, always short of patience, and now thoroughly excited, pounded on its panels, crying: 'Felipe! Felipe! Admit me-- your mother.' 'At last Don Felipe, recognising his mother's voice, crept to the door and opened it. At the sight of the white-rob'ed fgure he lept back with a shriek of terror. 'Felipe! Felip'e!' She gasped. "What has' befallen you, my son?' 'Shut the door! shut the door !' he gasped, waving her off. She complied, and came back to him. 'In Heaven's name, what has hap pened ?' she asked. He clung to her, but seemed unable to speak. She led him to a seat and tried to soothe him. He wiped the sweat from his fore head, then sat wringing his clammy hands. 'She is avenged !' he said, at last; 'avenged ! avenged!' 'Who? Who?' panted Donna Catalina, with breathless eagerness. 'The woman we murdered!' he replied, with startling abruptness. 'Virgen Santissima !' aspirated Donna Catalina. 'He-he started from his grave to confront me !' shudderingly cried the Spaniard, growing excited. 'I aimed at his life. Ha, ha!' with wild hila rity, 'the life of a spirit. You heard the shot? And she shrieked. Did you hear her shriek ?-did you hear her ?' ' Saints defend thee; my son. What are you telling me?' cried Donna Catalina, clinging to him. But he sprang to his feet and flung her off roughly. 'That you and that accursed Fen ton have given me over to a living hell. Never again shall I know rest.' Dr. Ieinhardt, making his appear ance before breakfast-time, went directly to the picture gallery, unan nounced, as was his custom. At sight of the plotters he cried, aghast: 'Vot you do mit yourselluff ?' Don Felipe only glared at him with murderous hatred; but Donna Oata'lina saw in the unimaginative German a valuable auxiliary. •(To be Uonlnued) 