QUEEN OF NIGHT BTY 1EADON HILIL, Author of i "GUILTY GOLD," "Zambrae the Detective," "The liajah'5 Second Wife," &e.;, &c.; Pulirshed by spscol arranegement si O Meusr. Ward, Lock 4 BoldnIl, L;ld. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED]. PROLOGUE. An octagon room, softly lighted by hang ing silver lamps, and carpeted withl Eastern each of the eight walls; and a rwhlte draped dining- tabl hbright with the glitter of cut crystal and the dull sparkle of rnuy wins. At'the table, faeing each other, two men in evoning dress are seated. Ecopty coffee cups and the curling reaths of cigarette smoke mark the close of the repost, and een as oe ring np the crtoin of this eventfol drama one of them-the gouet-makes a move preparatory to de parture. Hto is slim, elderly man, with stooping shoulders and a faded face of the aquiline type usually called, in cant phrase, arirtocratic. Ho hos already Ihall risen from the table, ihen she appears to remember something Drawing forth a pocet-book,. he reseats himself, and, poising a pencil, sends a curious, furtive glance in the direction of his host. " By the wRay,. Vizard." he says, nervonsly, Si hwasoot iirtestd ion wlt you were say ing that f neglcted det:rils. Would you gioe me that address before I go 0" As he warite for the nnswer his eyes anoder to the pictures, to the floser crowned eprpnge, to the dishes of hot Iouose fruit-- anc yhl cro hut to meet the calhm ra th.nti? wtc ahion him from across tiectable. The in.crso tlet hold the pencil treccble lihe csrcnlaves. Tihe voice th:l gives tie information is clear-out ind smuiieal. " My dear Sir Simnn, of course I will," it says. 'The name of the eroseo is 'The Queen of the fiht.' oud the ilncoc are Iathan nnd Co., 15 Illarp Alley. Foich rch Street. They have a Weost-cud Icr.mcnh in Pall Malt, but ify ? requl rc a. . .eoicl arra. ge.enty e. . rcccl h:Ic" 1lo do bcsine-s writh Ir Natban hicself- at the rCity addre.ra." The host--he waho nocteers the question -is by f.r thie o:cst stril.ing paronality in the room. Six feet hicg' and splendidly proportionedrl. hIe attract attention rather iy the mognaetie power of his well-chiselled fteo than by lcis inches aud the musculs? .force rerealol in the broad chest and shouldere. Clecc sharen. 'rith square mussive jowo and deep-set unfathomable eyes of steeliy grey. Giaton V'izard-the mystery of four London soeaons-cis nonrn in the teau nlotndte Ie frequeots asu the handsomest man about towrs. Yet there are one or tro heen obherrers--womeoe motlotwy-orho aowc that they haOe sur-I prised an expression on those readily esmilinglips that has turned them faint withfoar. .No one hnowrs his origin, though that matters not nowradays wrhe "dollars maheth .man." M[o is immensely rccn. aud. so tre 1argon o$ society. is 0 re csived everyicece," justifying that recep tion, too, by the perfect bIreeding of hil manners and by the princely hospitalit3 dispensed Iy him both here in his PaIrl; Lone mansion nod at Iris ountry honso in Hertfordshire. Eren his nationality hoe never been rightly settled. Some soy that he is of the old Frenci sotliees, but born in imericac others that he led a revohtc tion in Chili and escaped, more fortunate than most of the kind, -ith his money and his life. For tie rest, he might be any oge from thirty to forty-five, and any one meeting him in tihe street might take him for n officer of cavalry. i The guest owrites down the address and tgain rises withl the evident intention of taking his leave. Vizard comes ronnd from his seat to accompany him to the hall, but once more he wrho has been called Sir Simon hesitates, and with a quick nervous gesture detains his host from leaving the roomn. The latter stops short with his hand on the dooer, and, towering over the shrinking figure, invites further questioning tith a mere elevation of the eyebrows. "It'all seems so riskiy," faltered the elderly man. "How should I open up negotiations with Nathan-for what you call aspecial nrrngement. I mean-with out fear of compromise 0" Vizard takes from his vest pocket a little Seheaf of cards, neatly blended together, Sand, selecting one, icnds it to hIis guest. '"G'ive him that." he says. "Nathan will understand that you mean business and \- are properly introduced. You need tell him nothing beyond the name, and do nothing but pay what he asks. The terms are high, but may bhe regarded in the light of lan investment. There will he absolutely nothing in. writing. It is the essence of the system to take all risks without com Spromise to clients." Sir Simon glances at the card. It it blank, save for a red heart pierced with a 'ilack arrow. "Good God, how horriblel -a sort of modern letlre de caochet," he says, shnddering. "Acd you are sore, SVizard, that this will he ellctive--that there willbe no hitch ? It would be terribleo to tempt fortune in such a way-and fail." There is a touch of amusedcontempt in Visrad's tone as ha reclies, "There are no failures. If Miss Challenor taken the trip under the speoml ormongement, Iher health will receive the attention you requiro for her." Witll these words he opens the door as (hough there is nothing more to be said, and leads his figest dowrnstairs to a splendid entrance-hlcl, where two fcotmen spring quickly to attention. .no comes forward witil Sir Simon's hat nad inveernss cape, and the other flinge .open the front door to smcmon thie wait isg brougham, A fet worde of common place fare'll ore exchinged, and the ar'riage rolls oawiy, leaving Vizard gazing sfter it from the top step withi an in ernthable smile. Tiore is nothing to distinguish the neatly-appointed eqcipagne from the hundreds of simihar ones ct meets as it turns into Piccadilly; yet it heboars thie b-ginning of a train as deadly as Any ever laid to mine of gunponwder. After a minucto Vicard lines slowly up. atalaalagain to thle setl ton roo crcltroie has entertainecd hcio guast. ToIuchins liidden spring in tice w.ll, he reveals tcunningly cnccclccdl ironc safe, whcenc Ilc takes a sncccll morocho-bouci ledger in wich he icccalcc i fec rapid entries What he writr is ilc cuyphor cand quite un Intelligilce ti ty c nc unct lponseinccscc; tL. key. 'Thin dunr' Iic rcphlce? th hool, ic lockl it in tlie sal., ciljuctc tile eccrle p n e .ca rn d in gl.a ucin ,, at thl slec l; , w hei n after hknocdaiog. ca ;clun-sorvtnt rnlcra tc " Doctor Lvecrtal." ']hcc *tlcj,'cT st t hcl ice .C, n?e eu foi1cs ... ccpiely icto tic~l r..., d, and 'c'izcri oodllit, of ?ot oce i. ple ,ccl tc e5 a congenial noquanitne. This onlyt sts, hnobever, till the nervant has closed'the door and retired. The moment they are olbone the show of demonstrative friend lolip ie dropped on both sides for some e;ol'- clser- rstill--fer a brevity betoten a,, that their relations are confidential i tet inti.nnte . ) l:rerySthig it in order " inquires ,I:rd. non withany anxuiety of mnnner. n.ul tholgih sote importance utboheod to the answmer. . a mort satiactetry eirain." relies the loter,. rebintg bit hoado softhly together :i Iruo profeosiotal style ae he seatn hita el itan ae tclltir h wilt the air of being hoinrothlyate Iate. le is, in hirs way. ohlot Ie re rbtelo es Iids friecd-thdis ltglisl-oTpe fusia hngtedio wvitl thle cerloals rheign nramtoe. Short in stature, he is rotond tant stout withal, antl wearts to his broead earilther.hroner face a e eorlnl , "e.io of goo-efrllonlop o thltt tty Ir~lmr~ in a favooteitce aitlo i ,otients. mtt looking closer, cspeclntly tro t n h s thrown rert.lns atide. onto mi? t see in i in the i se sniling thoeoh they are, the same stenlly caldoess th"t he been noticed in it.ardl's grey ounl. oeen hvre for th e fireat tin into eriot.e, attd narrowly stutliet, hie wouhld mcrhps nie th e itoprofeioci o n atl hite is always b layiug tlt piert of "a genial ootl" "and thlt tile oeltroter. thloegl not natural to lhim,. tos bveatoo so ieeleritted that it t orn it asile waith doiculty. Grualonlv.' hte talks to his eompution ti otrtngeo doings on te tea, lris farue hrdeLns, mand the ptrrig smoothnessen of lis voice '.obo a more enetallic rinog. Vitr,. evidently Ik"oving te docto r's eatlttr minxesa glaos of claret aod water amd hands it to him without rotmur-b-ne maotter of course. Thern he le.ae nis bect tgainst the onntolpieco and bidr Uet his questioningl : "Nwbrs ofthree of the 'specils' reiched me in ordinr ecoturse of post. there wao utili one unaccoulte for when yeou left Gibraltar I" That was Treltoin, thle Tonside coal. owning millionnire.' saynzovororalsippinf his clart. " He doied as woe wero crosing the Boay of Diocey. Itomohrrlhge of tte irer with complcttione , I was able to :ercfy.p" 'The two ren Ioo at each otlhe tllrogely. Tiere is a dash of drtl hnmour in tin e doctor' eoye, a cyniet swist on izard's moth . Then the lantte snays "' Tlt was rna tler leaving tbings to tho last, was it not? 'The oechlncen ol having to bring hin homoe for burial, I mean:" ". There nern eircmn~oilance to ocons delay; being in cltrge on the spot, I hat often to te guided ty such. Tyou at have no idea what tirivit things occur tc lnmper tne sometimes. I wold raethe brin, a 'snecial' homte oanin titan toko roke,." replies the doctor, tlrt ai tinge ot reolfn tr·nc in ois toue. "'lihere nai no liviceitly w!otcaer " e od lis ;" l was able to sae tath tie nltur of the ease de mandede inmon dinte diepoeal of the remains. lre ws burioed tile ltneo da it rsot .m "Good," s:ays r izard. " 'Tie ' pecial' dprtment ie on a s?ntd footing, then,. ando ill show a handnomo bxlneenon the noytaet. Is thoere onythting fresh in ordinnry Idmioistration -" " Yen; we n hIalt tav'e to find a new slipper for net cnruise," replies avnortal, not, hloever, an thloaoh the information were of onosnnal imp.rtance. "Captain Luco eepretses hit intention of givinognp th omoandom, and I expect his reinrmtiorn is on the tnty to lratlln by thin titiao. On parting from one at tle D tcks this evenio lie said le o:td foolly decided not to mtae another trip in tlhe'Qoeen.'" "He does not ouspect" seaye? iznrd, impassively. '"Oh, olear no--notlhing of that bind," returns tOle doctor. "I tlotter mnysnlf be woold nover have left the ship earrying so muheln n the germ of suspicion with him. tie hit been promtisedtt the command ofa steamer in the Anstralian trade-a regonlat liner-and ite thlinbe the prospect tmore certain thtan on a pleesure cruiser only running part of the year. IIo hut been talking of chluckingo the berth these severel aoeyage. paet." "lomt," reilects Vizard aloud: "Luck combined the thoree esnentials of good nseaonounipn social clhnrn, and erae. stupidity. It will be dillfcult to find snuch another all in a lurry, but it mnst be done. ly 'lepecial' arrangementn for nent cruise are neorly coonpleted, and in a dlay or two we shall be able to give Nethbn the date of railing." "ixcellent Gon"tony' ys the doctor, approvingly. "And oorw many 'specin' p:atients do you hand over to me thin time P" "Toro are finally settled--tle young Elrl of D)arranmore, a boy of fourteen fresh from toon; and Desmond Orlebar. n country gentlemoan from Ilatnpshire," ro plies 'izard, with the coolness of on auctioneer cataloguing his "lots." "Tthe eirat goes at the instance of his uncle, IRalph Darmr, otho is next Ineir to the title ; anti tto second under the auspices of his wife. who I snppose hat some feminine reason for desiring a change. Then to-night I have had Sir Simon Craw. elhayher I tr ve been playing him-Otte htlf-hearted conard--ejuite n long while for his ward, tio rich toies Challenor, and he is as good oa captured at last. toe went away after dinner with the usual introduction to Nathoan in his pocket, nnd you know how that pant out." "Tent they never droawbaok when toey hnae confided in you so far as to entrnct that gentle missire," assents the doclor. "le may coont on three, then-all told- and quite os many ao I care to hboe on one trip now that the boat is so popular and crowded with ordinary pleasure seekers. By tho nay, that new rule that 'specialst'shall not hjo accompetoied by the principals to, or by any one cognisant of, the private arrangement is eminently stisntoctory. When we first began we naorronely minsed moro than one miscarriage thlrouglh clients,by being on hotrd, having tio clhance to relent at the last moment." "I thought that would strengthen the system and lighten the strain upon you," remarked 'izard, with the lazy nelf-con tentment of a oaon eho has fathered a good idea. " Andspeakingofvigiane remninds toe," toc adds, stiffening up and taking a step forward to look down impressively leto '.overtal's upturned eyes, "I hod udrices fromn Cincinnati a week ago that lt- nu rl is in Eturope." The doctor looughe, quite harshly for a moan of such genial tenperament, aond for tfle space of two seconds the crow's-feet on ois bread face deepen into visible channels. Tlinn Ine says Jauntily, "And whlat of that ? i heat him before and nould so it again. Tihey make a littlo god of him in the Statoe--a the greatest detective of the ,.oge--bst he doesn't often meet man." "Qaoit so," replies Vizmrd, "and his lpreent journeyings can have no concern oith us. But os toe alone knows you' ,ecord, I thought you should be anare tht .ho is on thin side the Atlanto, Of muyelPf ho has no knowledge- for wrhich, porhpse aher thr than I shoold henon gDounr ..v.r.tl'n only .n..er in. smile of intense amunement. Then, after a pause, he rises, and draining hit glaf, says, with apparent irrelevance"-- " The ' Queen of Night' sinks all ob structions, nh Gaeton ?" CIbAPTEB L "Deuce take.the uott." That was the plIrao which embodied my sentiments on i kicked Iee in the enter office of the loner Steamship Comniany while the t)iretorn deliborated on my cnso in the nclunion of the Botrd-room. I was an \- ertni of mo the nuet" as motn could he. i know it from thn proverbial devotion of otar onardto red-tapen I oknew it from the nymtpolth btitog figlotneenng at nto by the elerkh freot behind the grcat brass.rimmed eountortrI [hnew it fruo vloat good old lz.tntoln-- kindlirnt ofskippe rspropheslod helon he pronlaed to "speak a wordt" lod, aobore all, I know it tecueo os am a cailor, aond, telieving in praoontimontn, .lhollvol il that which told.no thtat my no1it1.7 os fSrst ollleor of thet" Dahlnia " wore 'tlllllli,,ic.L!1 Itireel.t,,r are fond of hlttloig thoeir jow-o. o:t,:!elu rteo 0, n ilovey ar fe for anothoer nilllleolt itotto t'e tllfe JO:tey oaeein for e:-hateyl I1ooooogoo well spoebd the intervrlt I! o'torhotnlil,? tog coy log of Whblt lo~tt thereown to, on moy beocoonds.t n.y nnomo it'Cyril i'orrotter, at tloat tite tllirty yearn old, oto foet ten itt my stockings, sound in[ rind land limb, and holdingo mastor's oertiicate in the morcreotilla nrine, though neaer yet in counam d of a vessol, and' unoser present ci .umsntanres never likely to be. The Flower Line of steamaships. os every one knows, plies betweeu London and Calcutta, touching at the chial lfediterr.mneu ports; and the little in. nident which gave those grim old hunksea in the Roard-room the chance to get theh toitec into me occurred on tholoet voyage nut. oWe had left London on a Tuesndy after noon, and all went well till the folloring Thursday morning, when we were steering a steady fifteen knots across tile mouth the Channel. Itas myn w tch,ondeocept for thle quorrtersater. whlo wos steering, ] nso alone spon the bridge, the captain being h t breakfast in the saloon. The weather was thick, with a nasty choppy sea, and tile third officer, who shared my l srge of the deck, was forsard on tile fo'.atlo seeing tfhst the loeok-ot moni didn't go to sleep. Suddenly my earn werestartled by a scrunc ing crsth from, as far s 1 oerd juldge about twre undred yards off on the port beamo. followed by screens and shouts whilh told me as plain ps words coull spent tirt two rvessels waere in coellision cloes at hansd. Almost at the ano s momlent the Iz roke e little, r and sthed me the blact hull of a steam.coller rslinkipg awy to the aestward, and a eo:mrt. yw-awirigged y.cht ct t dovn to the water's ce, and with sc?reely a u inute to float. r altered the "Dahlia's" course so as to ring her round toe the sinking craft, Eing ing out at the same time to tise third oelicer to clear awoy a esat. As we neared the acht t oueld see tht all was confusion on rahde, ando onder; ler eon boat was stove i, oand the raseally eollier, instead of standing hy to help, wns nlready out of sight is tin e mist. To cossk snatters terorse, I caeght sight of ladies on tlhe loping. detk, and 1 hknew that unless the yowl floutcd a fear minutes longer they cotld be in danger, since our ship came reouend but nlowlyona jammed hel. Ir was keeping one eye on the men en asged in lorerig the boat and the other on the yacht, when she plunged forward, then staggered bck nnd wrent down stern foremost, leaving her people strurggling in tlhe sea. O hr boat was still t tle duavit, the freshly-painted gear worhing stiffy. nd it olll seo that any one who was not ao trong.swimsmer would be hsept away and drowned before they could tc picked ep. It wa no time to reckon rlesn and consequences, and almost before I knew what i nos going to do my shoes were icked loff and r ad toaken a header from the bridge. Or ship hatd greatly reduced the dins tance, and na fetw strokes brought me to the scene of the disaster, nwherae bout a secore of people awere keeping themselves soot in the best nway known to them. Luckily the yahot wase too small to have suckted them downr. An elderly gentleman in flannels, with a life-bhlt on, wons hanging on to i aser, and a man who looked like the sailing. master as r supporting a lady who, was tscreaming at te topn of her voice some word wlhic I could not make out. The rest-all men, and evidently the crew were snwirming strongly towards thie " Dahlia." I wns beginning to think tlhat t lad been rather too officious, when a dreggled whisp of blue serge, rising in the voter between ee and tile gentleman on the spar, caused me t change my nind and feel glad that I had come. It was the insensible form of a whomdn. floting limply to thse surfco for theo first time after immersion, nod on the point of siningo nagin, when I omnged tso gNurb her by the arm. I noticed nomore than that she wa young and lay aquite featherweigfht in my enmr.ee, for my chiel concern wais now with thle arrival of tlhe bhot. Looking round, I was glad to sec it coming taocards us fast. while thle" Dfalia herself wans standing on at querter speed lest she should run dowsn tle yacht's crew, who were nlready reaelhing leer side. Seeing horw I as haempered, the thirdl ofieer steered his beoat straight for us, and ufter picking us up went on for the sailing. master nnd his turden, last oa all tat;ing in thee man on tle spar.i Firve minutes ltreer were all safe on beoard the "ipeahli," and the two ladies, wheo were alone the worse for tile accident. were handed over to our surgeon and stenordess. The pssengerso who aad come up from the saloon to nitnaes the rescue, rorwded rounde woaith tise usunl fse Iof congratulation and curiosity. so that an other ten minuter passed behfore I cold slip into dry clothes and join the captain on tle bridge. Ie stroot hands eitlr me starmly, buthe nwas looking as solemn asa " This is going to end badly, Forrtsatr. I o, nfraid,"l e said. " You only did what any decent chap avould haove done, hut on knowr s wellas Ido that it won dead against the rules. To leave the bridge with no one in charge is a heinoun crime with the wiseoeres of Lecadenhall Street, and I ar bound to log theo incident." "'I never govCa the rle an tloouet," I said. "and I don't helievo it woulg ha?e maode noy difference if I had." There having been no loss of life,the ex citement so6n calmed down, and we stood on our course sosuthward. It was ascer tained that the sunken yacht "Norah" had been chartered for a ch.tnnel cruise by Sir Simon Crawshay, the elderly san wh had saved lemself by clinging to a spar, and that the ladies avere reapectively eis sister, Iers lteuhnamp, and his card. Miss Aline Challenor, the latter being the girl whom I hadmoanged to pick up. In tho course of the morning I heard that Miss Chalienor had quickly revived under the ssrgeon's treatment, and that Sir Simon Isad decided to go on in the 5 Dahlia" to Naples, whence he would be able to take hisparty home overland moreuepoditiouoly than from Gibraltar. r saw no more of the ladies that day, bht during the afternoon, beingcff doty, I was talking to some of our own paseongers on dock. when Captain Ileateon passed in con vernation nith Sir Simon. The latter hod been fitted with dry clothes by some lpu nonger, ann he appeared to be none tle sorseforhesdip. icannotsaythatltool much of a liking for the moo. I saw by the furtive wy hIe kept his eyes askance that he had recognised meo, and one woold have thought that under the circumstances he would have wished to say something civil. Dut they passed and repassed several times on their promenade. Sir fimon always at that moment finding an object of interest at the other side of the deck, and Captain Beotson too busy with his discussion to notics surroundings. At sbout the fifth turn, however, the skipper's eyes chanced my way, and he at onsc hrought his companion to a halt, introdut lag me as the oeficer who got Miss Challenor into the eat.f Iow though s eome of a fairly decent ?aully spysoif, my fatherl having been , elergyman and the grandson of a poor., went to sea so early that my'dcalisgse ith thsaristocracyhnvek"ebeu limited. Imam therefore not sure whuther Sir Simon Crawshay's manner towards myself arose from hlue blood or frosm a blr.cL hcart i tut oven if it eas in/ra .1g. for a baroueet to entend his gratitude to a more onlcer in the Merchant Serviee, I thoeghlt it singular thant he shaould show such callousness about his ward's escape. "Oh, indeed I very interesting, snd all that sort of tising. I'm sree,". won lle extraordinary reception lee pcpcprded me, adding, witll an artificMl smilo designed apparently to show an expensive set of false teet!;,"And did you find thle water cohlt " Tllen, without waiting sor areply, ee psut his hand on the captain's ar;m and wrheeled him round to continue lia promenade. " Meo's a tboat, -Forrostor - a perfect beast," the shipper said to mo nwlen we wore alone upon the bridge together that ovening. "'Iis treatment of you wes only en a par with. his onversation with, ese. He is thinking a good dosi soors of tile loss of his effects on the yacht tisen of tte safety of his sister ein4 hes eard." It was not till the next enornino tleat 3line Ctlallenor appeared on deck anal I formed tile ncq.suietmno that aens e'es iocd io loal to such vondelrfus lhn gs. I con see hler now, ns she camo forward ilth hoth Iands outstretohed, a d:inty fairy of o girla with a clear, fresh cesoplexion nasd cal violet eyes that could be frank- whilhour ieing forward. tiero wncinlpi hluto eriac pochtisg detcssaai heeen driced Isaesi lest to rigllts for'hier, and S sboluhdl u05ver Isaa recogonied ine tlas cnloert liale fflgure tIe poar paieilfl-dlroacned cre?stluo whlsols I Ssad lold in say aros the dali bslaote. s she tahankhct nlo in a few wordi for easy help, I thought T hlad never seen assh It pretty girl beifore, nnd--lsleerI ass lie whole of the story hinges on it tlhcre it nos nd for sneocoy-I fell over hesls is love tlahllsr there ass! then. "_1s mery fisid to haue btea of uot,"J said trygnh nor to shob my ulf mlration In ay tfrc.a" InAt ta'ra is re.ally no reason wihy yot p~peiarlly siaraold tharna rae. You ' ! jaa't it blind,' and it w.s as litely to hIrve been one of thile othrs I chonced upon r your. W am gladit wasn't, thou:..h." " Yoa shall not rob me of ny gratitude," she repliead. "At any nato it didn't happen to be one of tl others, and it did happen to be me, and-and I shall never forget it." From that beginniug onr friendship grew rapidly. as it only can no ship.board, and by the tinm the "a h lia's" bows weroe turned astwrdnl tlroaugh thle Sotraits it had ripnned into that lrtter phase of friendship in nsrhil. s?rthout aearearldness, thons can bolongsileneoa. hir Simon's denennour towards me continued cnrt ond distant that of his sister, lairs eanehanmp, equoally so--but he enuld not very well forbid his hard to speak to tie man ho had savned her lifoe, ond thogh it ans ?loin that he iowied orn inCeallsin intimacy with -ynical dislike, he probably counted on the coming separation at aples to puDt an end to it. If so, he nwas ont of bisreckoningfi by abnot thirty eours. o werer thiat time distant frot our port of call, and I remem ber oas if it were yesterday lmat a bcantihal pediterraneann evening it was, when Alne nd I shook ofef thie chrysalis shell of friendship for the golden butterfly of ore. I iound her behind the aft wheel house-that time-honoured tryst of sea. going lovers. For several mSinutes wen watched the owhite streak eddying fromn the serow withouat speaking. Theon I said A "Auline, are you sorry that your voyage on the' Dahlia' is se nearly at an end " It was the first time I had called her byi her Christian name-a fact of which tihe signilcanci wrill he appreciated by those who have "been there" themselves. Her soer came, faltering a littlse, bat prompt onosgh for tso o' -ou nbone I shall." and then after a wniaso was shyly added the one word "Cyrl o' This is no love story-there is sterner weore ahead-and I Irave not space, even if I had the will, to write down hero the nords in which my sweet girl and I palighted onar troth. All I can say is, that though I had seen thirty years aithrout soy sweot-heerting. it came natural enough at last, and tlat when awo left the shelter of the wlrcelhosaso ee were bound by every promise to be faitlaful to each ether against all odd. al llopposition. As the time we shonld hove together was to he so short, we decided to beep our secrot tillsmy return from the Eastern voyage, when I could try to secure Sir Simon's cousent to a foranal engagement. Aline would not come ofage for n year, and in the meanwhrile. under her father's will, she was not permitted to take any.step without her gRurdirau's sanction, though in our new-tosnd hlappiness we paid but little heed to possible opposition from that qtuarter. At the worst threre would be cut nine nonths, from the date of tay re turn, to wait before sse wnould be her oan mistress. So weearted, frall of hope and mutual trust, in the bright sunshrine of ?N'aples Ilay, and here I aoas, on tire day after the "'Dahlia's" return, waiting to be carpeted for the "grave dereliction of duty" awhich had given Aline hack her life. Even as I came to the end of my reverie a bell rang, rnd a clerk invited me to step into the Bloard-room, awhcere one glance at tire faces ot my censors told nm ne y farto at once. Tihe chaireran, an old fellolate wlisered all roarnd hio face like a eat, and taying a fierce eye, roseat once--rose, too, as if he libed tlIe job. "WeV have allly considered your ease, lr Forrester," he said. " While qruite ren aogeising the gallantry of your act, wve cannot pass over tire broeacl of the com pony's rule ahiclr forbids an ofaicer to leave the bridga till anotlhr officer has tome up to take hisplaece. Ar a practical nailor you must son trat tblo ship, nnd -ahem-the lives of the psseaengero might le endangero by such an irregnlarity. We regret ,? exceedingly on Sunny grounds, but your earpleynnatr by hie "corapany saust terminote titlh th voyage just concluded." On the ahole I nanangod to beep any temper. but I said a frer polite thiub s about their rales which mrade tIhe old gentlemen looa very tlolregltlfsl before I bowed aryself out and steprled dorrn into the street. a cast-off servier. lIdy irsa impulse was to charter a hanom'and drive to tIre address in Grosvenor larirare at wrhich Aline said I should find ber. but lhen there rushed over sm the snadalee remembremae that the sitwntioa had altered. For tle presentw I was a brolenosnro; and, altlhourgh I did not despair of getting another berth, a feeling of pride urged me to tal:o some steps to that end before pre sentiog myself to Sir Simoa. I I:tew not then that my girl was a great hleires, rand tl.at a first mate's lroposal for ler barl would be nearly as a,rcsump tnous as that f a penniless Isvemsnt-trooter. I new a restaunrant freluented by merchant service men near eonchnurehl Street Station where the slhipping ncws. papers were taken, and thither Imade my way to see if the ndvertiscment columnas had anything in store for roe. Seating myself at one of the round tables, I gave an order "for the good of tire honsoe," and started to go through the list of vacaucies systematically, but wlthont finding t'lm ghost of an opening in my line. Finally flinging the papers aside in disgast. i rose to leave the place, when my eye wos cauglht by a written notice stuck on the wall. It ran follows a "The owners of tilh rroew.cteamship 'Queen of Night.' 7e000 lons, used as s pleasure cruiser or ocean yacht, resuirs a commander having the necessary ertiit cates. In addition to the usual qanlifi cations as to seamanship, etc., ta must be of good social address and able to raot as host to the passengers on terms of equality. Apply to leathon & Co., 115, Harp Alley, Fonehurch Street." An I finished reading, and before hnad digested the words, a lean hand war laid upon my shourlder. while a gariie.fliavered voice croaked in my ear: "The notish is to your lilting, nay young captain, I hope 1" T 'n'urning quinkly on my heel, I saw that he who hard acsouter me stans a little ,ltrivelled old Jew --or, rather, the ataiqa tnseene of about fifty ewns boiled into one, so prnounrced were tla national charcter.' ishcs of fleshy lip.p, ooed nose, and slhinlig protuberant eyes that looked up at me with a cunning leer. (fTo s Oonssinssdl. 