CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR \- UNION. SIXTH ANNUAL CONVENTION. Theaixfch annual oonvention of the South Aus tralian Christian Endeavour Union was begun on Friday. The business meeting was held on Fridajr evening in the Franklin-street Bitde Christian Church. The retiring President, the. Rev. E. H. Ellis, presided over a good attendance. The sixth annual report, road by the General ..Secretary, Mr. H. H. MoKponsiB, contained ! the following:— For tlie first tima since the formation of our Union we are not ableto announce an increase of members [ in our colony. During the year almost every Bociety has suffered more or less by removals to Western Australia. One Society alone reports over twenty members gone to the West. When we say Western Australia has benefited by our loss in this way to the extent of over 1,000 Kndeavourers we are within the mark. Membership at the close of each year:—1891, 38 Societies; 500 members; 1892, 125 (Societies, 3,000 members; 1893, 256 {Societies, 6,500 members; 1691, 324 Societies, 9,059 members; 1895, 427 Societies, 11,969 members; and 1S96, 449 Societies, 11,724 members; an increase of 22 societies and a decrease of 194 members. We are glad to call your attention to the growth of our Junior Societies, which have increased since our last Oonvention from 53 Societies andt,293raeraber3to74SooietieB, with l,878memberB. • Our Missionary Superintendent has made a special effort during the year to spread interest in mis sionary work, viBiting add taking many, missionary meetings in and around the city. A large amount of missionary literature has been distributed. Mis sionary Superintendents havo also been appointed in many District Unions, and have worked successfully, A large number of candidates havo offered themselves this year for the foreign fields, aud several have gone out. Scarcely a Christian Endeavour Society is now without itr Missionary Committee.' Several Societies are supporting native teachers, and 83 Societies have raised the sum of £409 for tlisir denominational missions. Whilst the interest in Foreign Missions has been so greatly awakened. Home Missions have also received some amount of attention, and a number of Societies havo taken up work very energetically on their behalf, aud flvo En deavourersbnveotarted labouras UomeMissionaries. In the formation of Senior Societies we have not' made the progress that was nt one time anticipated, whilst the two reported last year have been doing ex cellent work. Only one new Society has been formed during the year. Tfie efforts of our District Unions have proved very valuable. Somo of the rallies and annual gatherings have been marked for their deep spiritual tone, and the interesting and instructive papers and addresses^icard at some have been most encouraging and helpful. Tho usefulness which it was believed these District Unions would promote is apparent to those who have had the privilege of attending some of these meetings. One new Dis trict Union has been formed, making the total number at present twenty-five. Each year adds to the usefulness of our intercolonial paper, the Golden Lirdc, as a means of - education aud help to our Societies. The South Australian management - has during the year been under the care of Mr. Alexander Gordon, who has been untiring in his efforts to make it a success. Dr. Ilarper's scheme of Bible study, re commended by the Australasian Council and adopted by our Union, has been in the hands of Mr. E. J. stuckey during the year. The number' I those who habitually use it shows a slight im provement, having increased from 230 to 300. The Executive Committee have sought at all times to advance the interests of Christian Endeavour in the colony. We have found it necessary to draw the attention of Societies to the foundation prin ciple, "Loyalty to the Church," and to oppose efforts made by religious, philanthropic, or other organizations to Sine tho Eudeavour Societies as a lever outside of the Churches to further their pur poses, however estimable tlicy may be. We express our gratitudo for the use of a room in the Stow Memorial buildings for tho executive meetings, and tnc use <>» roouis tor nu pmce aim noeraturu-room in flinders-street Baptist buildings, which huve been kindly placed at our convenience free of cost. Tho Treasurers report, read by Mr. G. W. Summers, stated that tho total income during the year had been £512 Os. 9Ad. Tho total expenditure had boon £484 Gs. 10d., so that they now had cash in hand and in Bank to the amount of £27 13s. ll^d. The liabilities of tho Society wore nil. The reports were unanimously adopted. The following officers were elected for 189G-7:—President, Rev. J. Berry; Vicc-Prosi dents, Rev. J. G. Wright, Rev. G. Raynor; elected memhors, Rev. Granville Rani ago, Rev. E. \V. Webb, Rev. T, J. Gore, Rev, C. Trosise; Superintendents of Departments Missionary, Miss L. A. Tilly; literature, Mias Mead; junior, Miss Chappie, Rev. Edwin H. Ellis; ex-Presidents, ltov. S. Mead, Mr. 0. J. Holder, Rev. H. T. Burgess, Rev. Edwin H. Ellis; Treasurer, Mr. G. W. Summers; Assistant Secretary, Miss Gray; General Sec rotary, Mr. H. H. McKechnio. A very satisfactory report of the literature department was read by tho Superintendent, Miss Mend. The CiiaiumaN', in calling on tho new Presi dent for an address, expressed his deep pleasure that he had been able to perform tho duties of the office during tho past year, winch had been one of most useful work and great spiritual improvement. The past year had beon one of consolidation rather than of numerical advancement. Ho hoped that enthusiasm in the Conventions would never die out, and that tho year upon which tho Rev. Joseph Berry entered that night would be one of great spiritual blessing. The I'liKsiDKNT, who was received very cordially, returned thanks for the honout that had boen done him, and promised to do his best to serve thorn. Ho would especially try to visit country Conventions. Iho present Convention would he _ tho great success they expected and hoped_it would be if they could report it in the single sentence, "And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost—all, from the youngest recruit to tho oldest veteran." He pointed out that the Endeavour movement was a child of Providence. Ho passed quickly in review the start and growth of Methodism, tho formation of tho Salvation Army, and the beginning and marvellous development of the great movement begun by FranciB Clark—(cheers)—thus leading up to an eloquent dissertation on tho fundamental principles of the Christian Endeavour move ment, of which tho keyword, given by tho founder, was "Consecration." His concluding advice to the Society was, " Do not mend .your rules, but keep them." Saturday was the second day in connection with tho "annual Christian Endeavour Con- 1 volition. The first gathering was the prayor meeting at 0.30 a.m. in Stow Memorial Lecture Hall, and Mr. T. Frost was the Loader. Short addresses wero given by Miss Carson and Messrs. C. W. liutt and A. W. Jones. THE .TUMOR r.AI.T.V. Tho Rev. Ii. H. I'll lis led tho Children's Crusade in tho afternoon, and tho Adelaide Town lfall was not large enough to admit all who wished to bo admitted. The children lielonging to the various Endeavour Societies were ranged oju-the organ galleries and in the front part of the main hall, and dressed in costumes representing most of the countries of the world. The proceedings opened with a hymn and prayor. and the Leader then spoke the following lines l,ct us call the roll of the nations, And net) what the children say; Let us hear from the young crusaders Who are in the ranks to-day. Thirty children from Great Britain, America, Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania, and Canada then entered carrying the flags of their reapeotive countries, tho other juniors singing in the meantime. The thirty children do gramme waagone through -for the rest of the countries, six children being dreased inChinese costumes, six with Turkish cost umes and flags, six representing the islands of the sea, the same number being allotted to Africa, to Japan, to India, and Coylop, to Spain, while others represented France, Germany, Switzerland, Norway, Belgium, Holland, Austria, Russia, Sweden, Denmark, Portugal, Italy, Greenland, and the Holy ' City. The Endeavourers of all lands, marching in lines and joining hands in a circle around the children of those countries where Endeavour is •not, sang "Onward, O junior Endeavourers," and afterwards all the children marched out and into their places. The demonstration was in every way a success, and the brilliant cos tumes of the children formed a dazzling spectacle. The sight of so many little ones who are working in the good cause was inspiriting and gratifying to the large number of parontB and friends who gathered to watch the pro ceedings. Before the rally concluded the Chaihman addressed the audience and urged the juniors to keep on in the good work. Ho asked to sellers and parents to be especially careful to set a good example to those under their eare. Greetings were extended from the following Societies:— Archer-street Weslevan, Findon Bible Christian, Glenolg Wesleyan, Glenelg Con gregational, Tynte-street Baptist, Draper Memorial Wesleyan, Hindmarsh-square Con gregational, St." Luke's Anglican, Flinders street Baptist, Maylands Wesleyan, Black wood Wesleyan, Norwood Wesleyan, Mel bourne-street, North - Adelaide, Wesleyan, Mitcham Wesleyan, Parkside Primitive Methodist, Woodville Wesleyan, York Baptist, Hardwicke College, Southwark Baptist, • Kensington Primitive Methodist, Brompton Wcsloyan, Kilkenny Wesleyan, Hitidmarsh Congregational, Port Adelaide Wesleyan, Rose Park Congregational, and Semaphore Baptist. THE 8KCRETA11II&' MEETING. At the close of the rally a Secretaries' meet ing was held in tho Banqueting- rooin of tho Town Hall, Mr. H. H. McKeclinie, General Secretary, presided over an attendance _ of about sixty Christian Endeavour Secretaries. He called to mind the words of a recent speaker that tho Secretary should communi cate evory week with the Pastor. He specially askod that as many Secretaries as possible should confer with the Pastors on Monday. i A chat followed. Miss Gamp gave thanks ' for tho great blessing attending the North Adelaide Baptist Christian Endeavour Society. Miss A. M. Jones called attention to the District Unions, and said that they wcro not doing all they might. Several other Secre taries spoke hopefully of the work. After the meeting tho Secretaries had tea together at Caldor's Rooms, Rundle- street. THE EVENING MEETING. Tho Town Hall was well attended in tho evening, when the missionary meeting was held under the guidance of Mr. C. H. Groode. Tlio Fishsident of tho Union, tlve Rev. J. Berry, extended :i hearty welcome to tho visiting delegates. Ho said that thoir strength lay in the brotherly love that existed among them. The Rev. G. Raynkr addressed the moot ing on the question, "Should 1 support a foreign missionary?" Although tho mis sionary might not bo wanted by tho inhabi tants of foreign lands it did not prove that there was no need for him. Some wants needed kindling and tending to, while the Gospel should be instilled and planted among tho heathen. Ho pointed out that tho ques tion had been asked, " What about the heathen at our own doors?" Reformers did not speak thus. The same people who con tributed to foreign missions were the ones who supported the home missions. (Hear, hear.) England itself would have remained a homo of savagery if the principle of not sending mis sionaries abroad liad_ been carried out by the early Christians. Missions could exist without the Church, but not tho Church without missions. The second address was given by the Rev. W. L. Mokto.v, who spoke on ".Should I be a Foreign Missionary?" Mr. Morton gave some 1 interesting figures regarding tho population of the world, stating that about 1,000 millions of people had not yet heard the good word, and only one out of 250,000 people had become a missionary. The Rev. A. W. Wkm.i no ton asked, "What can T do for Home Missions?" He recom mended tho circulation of good wholesome literature among the members of Christian Endeavour Societies, and also tire formation of Homo Mission Committees, with energetic Secretaries. There should bo a more syste matic method of giving. If every member represented on the roll last year contributed Id. per week refpilarly it would mean that in twelvo months thov would have given over £2,000. The mooting closed with the benediction. A special choir, under tho direction of Mr. J. J. Virgo, contributed several hymns. 