T H E L I T T L E B O E O U G H B A C H E L O R S ' B A L L . " No, Frank,' said Jim Wickbam, in reply to his companion's question, " we have not had a Bachelors' Ball in Littleborough for the last three years." Captain Curgenven elevated his feet carefully on to the mantel-piece and tilled back his chair. His host watched him nervously, being concerned for the peril of the Crown Derby teacups. " I don't tbink 1 shall b:eak anything',' murmured Curgenven, contentedly ; " I have only got slippers on. It is awfully good of you to put me up for the night at such short notice. Do you mind moving that photograplj-frame— the one in oxidised silver, I mean ? I trouble you in the inter, st of the article itself. Thank you. Now, if your mantelboard is reliable, as it ought to be,I shall be thoroughly comfortable in L-ody and mind." Wickbam seemed to be used to bis visitor's ways, and conscious tbat remonstrance was uselos. He made no comment, and returned to :Le subject un^er discussion. " As soon as Charlie Davidson got marriid 4 " 5;e continued, " we the gallant remnant <1" sii.gle blesscdi.ess in Litlletoioug!', cunsictcre.l about time to cease advertising every m Christ^1 m»s our fortunate condition. Charlie had manged (he Bachelois' Ball for years." w I " Aud siiece-sfully ?" y " Execrably no worse Secretary c.mld bave o f been found. That was bis gr. at merit, because t everybody was always prepared to ahuse btm. w He nlways offended two-thirds of the neighbourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother aud n s s sister one year." ah " Poor old Charlie :" said Curgenven, with smile. " his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." a When be resigned he lelt the management of the ball in such evil udour tbat nobody iu the town could be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the ball was dropped. Besides, there was rather painful incident in connection with the last dance we gave that has uot yet beeu explained to all." ••This is very exciting," remarked his friend. Please lo remember tbat I bave been f.uir years in India, and am dying for Litlleijoruugh news. Relate the occurrcucu i:i your own inimitable style, while I smoke and listen." Jim WicUham was a seasoned bachelor,whose earliest and only love had been the sound of bis own voice. A kindly little busybody, few things in Littleborough escaped the inquisition of his double eyeglass. Ho drew a chair to the fire, with a preliminary chuckle in appreciation of bis own powers to do justice to bis subject. I need hardly say it was Charlie Davidson's fault entirely," be began. •' You know we used to bave a list of people that were iuvitx d every year. Charlie always sent tbem invitations, whether they had left the place, or were dead, or bankrupt. _ He used to invite tbem all. He asked old Miss Cumberbatch three successive years after her death at the age of 79." •• But she never would accept, I suppose ?" " No ; she never appeared. But at last be asked another man who was also dead." " Undeterred by tlie silence of Miss Cumberbatch? " " And tbis man," said Wickbam, lowering his voice, and laying his band on his companion's arm, " actually appeared at the ball. That was the uncomfortable part of it." " Good Lord ! " said Curgenven, " I say, you'll bave to shift that Sevres flower-vase ; if you make any more statements of that kind, I shall be kicking it over." His host rose, obediently, and cleared a wider space in the neighbourhood of his companion's slippers. Nether spoke for a moment or two, ami then Curgeuven demanded cont nuance aud an explanation. Who on earth was the mau F " he asked. He had .no business to be anybody on earth then," was Wickham's reply. •' His name wae Dunlop Ferguson. I dare say you remember him." Oh ! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice kind of chap. I did not know him at all well. He was up in these parts learning banking, wasn't he P I remember bim chiefly as a great friend of old WaterBeld; the banker. Surely be was in Waterfield's bank ? " " That's the man. He was a great friend of mine, and he was a great friend of Kilt; Waterfield's—he used to talk to me about her." I knew a girl would be bound to come into tho 6tory soon. What is she like ? Attractive f I don't know her even by sight." Not tbe least attractive. Good eyes and a white face. Nobody knows anything about her. She never talks to anybody. She's either too shy or too reserved. I've kuown her all her life, and taken her in to dinner aboutthirty times. I once extracted from ber a confession tbat she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only confidence she has ever honoured me with. Still, Ferguson, I fancy, got a bit furthe) with her than that. Indeed, he was desperately keen on her. I can't for -the life ol me imagine why, except for the fact that she didn't care two straws about him. She used tc be rude to him. though, and that was an advance on the distantly polite attitude slif adopted towards everybody else. Well, at the.last Bachelor's Ball but one, Ferguson and Miss Waterfield danced togethei more than once, I can vouch fur that, and they sat out together pretty often too. She waf never in much .demand as a partner,' though he was popular enough ; but he never looked al anybody else that ngbt. His eyes followed her, like a dog's eyes all. over the room ; and she went about, either with him, or without him, r pale, inscrutable sphiux, lobking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. She looked rather pretty that night, but whether she enjoyed herself or not I have not the leas* idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come ir and have a smoke with me after the dance; and as he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room I said -. Yau're coining round for a pipe, eh ? He said : • Not to-night. I think. I'm a bit done up somehow.' I thought he seemed rathei low-spirited and tired, and he shook bands with me, which was rather a rum thing to do. Well, hat was four years ago, and I have never set yes on the man since. Mind the clock, Frank, our right foot is dangerously near it." " You ongbt not to say such startling things, hen. Go on." "The next day Ferguson left Littleborough without a word to auybodv. His letters were to be forwarded to bim at some club in London, I forget which. Most people wondered at bis going, and missed bim not a little ; but the only person who could throw any light on it was Miss Waterfield, and nobody in Ins senses ever dreamed of pumping ber. She went on just as usual not looking either melancholy or relieved, but simply expressionless. I spoke to ber once about him. hut she never answered, and I changed the subject to Rome, where sue had just been. She was not exactly garrulous on that topic either ; but that is neither here nor there. •' We had just issued the invitations for the next Bachelor's Ball a yeur after, and Charlie Davidson, who was engaged to be married at the time had signalised his farewell appearance as Secretary Ly making even a bigger mess of the ball than usual. On that occasion he overlooked tue l.ord-Lieutenant and tbe Colonel ia command. I was iu be County Club lunching one day with two or three otber fellows, when a m:«n said suddenly, ' I see that poor young Ferguson, who was up here, is dead. He died sjmewhere in Africa about six weeks ago. It was in all the papers. Didn't anybody see it ? ' " None of us bad seen it, and it was a great sbock to me. But Charlie Davidson, who was there, turned as pale as a sheet, and 'aid <lovm his knife and fork. I knew at once he had sent poor Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once I felt rather sorry for him, as he looked very much upset. •' Young Haliburton, however, begau to crack his customary jokes at Charlie's expense. He. observed tbat we should have a cheerful ball if everybody our secretary invited turned up, and was further anxious to discover if Queen Anne had beeu asked, saying be thought she might be offended at the omission. But when he went on and said it was enough to drag young Ferguson from his grave, tbe luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Haliburton to dry up, and not try and be funny on a subject like that. " You know, 7 think Davidson was worked up into rather an 4 eerie ' state of mind when the eventful night arrived. He has often, in telling me tbe story of what he saw, remarked that lie tclt a presentiment " " Ob. don't"' intenupted his listener. "Dou't let us have any presentiments. Go on with the auecdote." Just as you like," replied Wickham,mildly. " Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind was, tbe supper-room had just beeu opened, and he was rushing about telling the wrong men to take in the wrong ladies He came in the course of his career to a small sitting-out room close to the entrance-hall. It was rather a cold and unpopular room, with a dejected-looking palmtree in the centre, »nd fitted out with the shabbiest of the sofas and chairs. The ball secretary came in, but be stopped quite as hastily in the doorway. For, sitting side by side on a couch exactly opposite him were Miss Waterfield and Dnnlop Fersguson. The intruder was too much staggered to see very clearly, but be looked Ferguson full in the face and saw 1 hat be was wbire and haggard. " Charlie Davidson could not stand tbe sight, and bolted out like steam. He mauaged to Snd me in the supper-room, and I could not think what was the row with him. I gave him some brandy, which be wanted badly; and then he told me what he had seen, and begged me to go and see what I rould see. Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go aud insjiect a ghost, aud 1 hesitated a little. But then I concluded either that they had beeu mistaken in tilling us that Ferguson was dead,or else that Chaili« had been mistaken in thinking that he had seen him. So I put ou as calm a face us I rould and niudc straight for the spat. I went in airily and casually, only to find there WHS nobody there but Miss WaterOelil. Mie was leaning back on the sofa, with ber hands behind her Lead, looking up at tlie electric light." " Didn't she seem up?cl •"' asked Curgenven, " or stu tled ? "' •• She looked nothing, as she, always did," was tbe reply. " Tnci <• w-f i-o^tively not one s i g n nb'iiit h e r ( h u t ci.uM ti-!l iii-yl-odv anything. S h e lcok<d, if iinylhiiij:, a lit'li: hi.red." " T h a t is q u t i - t h e i v i r . e t c x p i e - s o n f o r a t o » < M r , " o b s n v e d ( ' u i g e n v e n , si k - c t i n g a «->s:areMe J r c i n i h e bi>x <>n tlie t a b l e , " w h i n h e r !i-.-i<l l o v e r h is n i u t i u ' d fr<-m t h e g r a v e t o m t e t v.u tl.e a u n i v e i s a r y o f t h e d a y s h e r e j e c ' . e J e t t a v m. x suppose you <Sttesbised her P ~ My cross-examination was very skilful, for led up to it geotly. I said 1 didn't know she as all alone ; to which she replied, • Didn't ou : '—which is a chilling sort of answer, and ne o t which she was very great. 1 could not or the life of me go on to say that I liad been old a ghost was sitting out the supper danci s ith ber. I made some general rcmaik, wlu< h he received with a polite « Indeed ' displacing o interest of any kind ; aud then ber mother uddenly came in. Her mother is talkative, nd au idiot, so I fled, leaving the secret beind me. I'm bound say that Charlie Davidson considerably to tbe story later on in the evening when several glasses of champagne intervened between himself and the facls. He made out that Ferguson's whole demeanour was corpse-like and Mipernatural, and added a suggestion of a bullet-wound in his forehead, implying suicide. However, other people were inclined to be less impressed, aud hinted that the Secretary had been sampling the drinks before supper. Young Haliburton. wheu he was next in London, m»<le lnqnirie« at Ferguson's clni> •whither Charlie had posted the card for the Bachelors' Ball. The Club porter said he h»d heard nothing of Fergnsson for several mouths, and tbat he had left no address to which his letters might be forwarded. He showed Haliturion about thirty letters for Ferguson, and Haliburton eagerly searched through them to fin<! Charlie's invitation. But—this was a very strange feature in it—the invitation to the ball was not among the letters. "Wasn't that curious ? " " It was, indeed. That had evidently found him out somewhere beyond his Club." " Shortly afier this remarkable apparition, Miss Waterfield went away fioni Littleborough. I think she went abroad to learn some species of musiral instrument in Germany. 1 believe music interests her faintly, much more thun lovers or ghosts of lovers. A very wise man in the Club once ssid tbat if Ferguson were reilly deail he considered Kitty Waterfield morally guilty of his death. Upon which a still wiser man suggested that he should go aud tell her so." Captain Curgenven considered Wickham's story an excellent one, and it remained an excellent story, in his estimation, until one day he hapentd to see in the paper the marriage, telegraphed home rom Africa, of a certain Mr. Dunlop Ferguson to an officer's daughter in Cape Town. Then he recollected that tbe name was not a very uncommon one, and that the Litt'eborough psychical researchers had not very conclusive evidence that theFerguson who' appeared at the ball was the same F< rguson who was dead. Charlie Davidson and Wickham both maintain that the man who bas just. been married is another person of the same name- Others, however. hold that Ferguson paid a flying visit to Littleborough to try a last fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Waterfield comes back to her native town cer^Mgbkold spirits havejceHiived ti cast lots to dcci^^wbp-ehall-que^aor^ier and -find out the trutfi&i-;'EVanity Fair."-- " 