T H I S L I T T L t t l U ) R O U G H 35 A C 1.1 IS L O U S ' H A L L . " No, Prsnk," ssid dim Wivkham, in reply to his Companion's question, «« }i~vv ncl. ],.ul a Bachelors' Ball in Lit tlrborough lor the last three yearn," (Jap!nin Ourgenven cleva'ed bis f.-e! cnrefullv 011 to the mnn4-e!-piero and filled hack his chair. His host watched him nrrvoudy, being concerned for the peril of the Crown Derby teacups. " I don't think I shrdl break anything',' murmured Oiirgenvcii, conlenVdlv; " ! have enly got slippers on, It is awfully good of you to put me up for tho night at Mich short ncl tee. Do you mind moving that photogr-,p!i-fninu'~ the one in or.idited silver, I mean p I trouble yo-1 in the intenst of tho article its'If. Thank you. Now, if your rnatdelboard is reliable, as it ought to he, I shall be thoroughly eomfo: table in body and mind." Wickham seemed to be use,] to his visitor's ways, and conscious that remonstrance wr.s us--- lo-s. He made no comment, and retuni(;d to the subject under discussion. " As soon as Ciiatlie Davidson got murri'. d 4 " lie continued, " we Ihe gallant remnant of single blessedness in 1 ,if b-ho: ongh, considered it about time to cease advcrlising every t'hris!- m>s our fortunate condition. Charlie had managed the Bachelors' P.Ml for yenrs." " And succe*sfully P" " Kxecrab'y . no worse Secretary ceuld havn been found. That was his great, merit, because everybody was alv,a;.s pr. pared to abuse lnni. He always ofr-nded Iwo-'l.irds of the neighbourhood ; he forgot to invite his mother and sister one year." " Poor old Charlie '" said Ourgenven, wlfn a smile, " his head was never very clear, nor his memory very trustworthy." " When he resigned he lei t the management of the hail in such evil odonr thai nobody in thc town could be prevailed on to undertake it ; so the bill was droppe t. Besidci, there was rather a painful incident in connection wiili the las', dance we gave I hat has not vet been explained to all." "This is very exciting," remarked his friend. " Please to remember that I have been four years m India, and am dying for Lit Me' oivugh r.fws. Relate the occurrence in your own ini- mitable slyie, while 1 smoke and listen." Jim Wiekham was a seasoned bach, lor,whose, earliest cud only love hail h'-en the soun i of his own voice A kindly little busybody, few things in Lit-ileborough esc-.ped the inquisition of his double eyeglass. He drew a chair t-o the lire, with a pieiimiufiry chuckle in r.ppi ecia t ion of his own pow to do justice to his sub'oct. " 1 need hardly say it was Ohnriie Davidson's fault entirely," he began. " You know we used to have a lis', of people that werr inviti d every y^ar. Charlie alvv-ys sent teem invitations, whether tiny h'id left the place, or were dead, or Innkrupi. He used to invito them all. He asiu-d old Miss (himo-rh-iteh three successive years after her deatu at the ag» of 79." " But she never would accept, I suppose ?" " No ; she never appeared. But at Inst he asked another man who w-s also dead." " '.indeterred by the silence of Miss Cumberbat dlP " " And this man," said Wiekham, lowering his vo'Cr, and laying his hand on his companion's arm, " actually appeared at the ball. That was ihe ueeomfoi ta hie part- of it." " Cood Lord 1 " said (hirge;,ven, " I say, you'd L-.ave to -'oft that Newvs lbeoer-\a; "it 5 leclo- Iiii.-v s' a t -men 1 s of lhat kind, 1 :red a wider Spare ill li'o net;;'' •he-urhond of ho, eoinpaniou'f slippeis. N. ther spoke lor a m il ell t or two, ami then Curgeuvin d< mantled eont nuance and an exphe-.a. ion. " "Who on earth was the man ? '' lie asked. " He hail I O I'lisLc ss to he anybody on cartll tlit n, was Wickham's reply. " iiis name waf Dunlop Ferguson. 1 dare say you rcmembei him." "Oh! yes, rather. He was a quiet, nice kind, of chap. 1 did ia t know him at ail well, lie was up in these pots learning banking, wani't. he P 1 rt nit-ruber him ei 1. fly as a «reat friend of old Water!',eld, the banker. t-ureVy hf wns in WatorfbddV bank p " That's the man. Jle was a pre at friend of mine, ami he was a great friend of Kilty Wale; field's -he used to talk to me ahoul her.' 1 " I know a KU-1 would la- bound to ccme into the. story soom What is she like P Attractive r 1 don't know ln-r even by si^-lit,." " Not the least attractive. Good eyes and n white, face. Nobody knows anything about her. 81,e never talks to anybody. She's either toe shy or too r< served. I've known ht r all her life, and taken her iu to dinner about thirty times. I once extracted from her a confession tlint she disliked tomatoes, but that is the only con liddice she lias eve;-honoured 1110 with. Still, Ferguson, I fancy, got a lot furihei with lur than thnt. Indeed, he witf d e s i crate ly keen on h-r. I can't for the life o] mo imagine why, except for the fact thnt she didn't care two straws about him. Hie uied tc be. rude to him. though, and that was an advance on thc distantly polite altitude shf adopted towards everybody else. ••'Well, at the last 'Bachelor's Ball hut one, Ferguson and Miss Waterlield danced togelhet morc than once, I cun vouch fur that, ami tin y sat out together pretty often too She waV never in ranch demand as a p^rlner, though he was popular enough ; but he nevc-r looked al anybody else that nght. His eyes followed her, like. p. dog's eyes all over the room ; mid sht went fcbout, either with him, or without him. c pale, inscrutable sphinx, looking neither happy nor unhappy, but absolutely unconcerned. Mu looked rather pn-lty that night, but whetlu-i she enjoyed herself or not I have, not, the least idea. Old Ferguson had promised to come ir and have a smoke with me after thc dance; and ns he was putting his coat on in the cloak-room, 1 said : Yuu're coming round for a pine, eh ? ' He said : ' Not to-ni^ht. I ihink. I'm a bit done up somehow.' I thought he seemed rathei low-spirited and tired, ami ae shook hands with me, which was rather a rum thin;: to do. Well, that w;.s four years . go, and I have never set eyes on the man since. Mind thc clock, Frank, your right, foot is dangerously m ar it." " You ought not to say such startling things, then. Oo on." " The next day Ferguson left Littlehorough without a word to an> body. His letters were to be forwarded to him at some club in London, I forget which. Mrsfc people wondered at bis itumg, and missed him not a little ; but thc only person who could throw any light on it was Miss \Vnterfiebl, and nobody iu his i ensef. ever dreumt d of pumping her. She went on just as mual not looking either melancholy oi relieved, but simply expie-si< nlesr.. I spoke to her once about him. hut she never answered, and I changed the subject to Home, wnere she had jusi; bet n. She was not exactly g.-.rrulous on that topic either; but that is neither here nor there. " We had just issued the invin-.tions for the next Bachelor's Ball ^ ye .r afler, and Charlit Davidson, who was engaged to be married at the time h*d signalised his farewell app.-ar- ureas Secretary by making even a bigg, r mess of the hall than usual. On that occasion he o\erb oked the i ord-Lieutenant »nd the Colonel io command. I was in he County Club lunching oi.e day with two or three oil er fe lows, when a m.- n said suddenly, ' I sre that poor young Ferguson, who WHS up here, is (h-ad. lb- die I sjmowhere in Africa about six weeks a-o. It was in all the papers. Didn't anybody see it P ' " Nk'tie of us had s-'cn it, and it was a great shock to me. But Charlie Davidson, who was there, turned as pile as a sheet, and laid down his knife and fork. I knew at once he bad sent poor Ferguson a card for the ball, and for once I fc'.t rather sorry for him, as he looked very much, u;>sci. " Young Haiiburton, however, began to cri-.ck h.is customary jokes at Charlie's « xpeme. He observed that we should have a chtv no! hah if everybody our secretary invited tnrne-i lip, and wns furtlu r anxious to discover if Qui en Anne had been sskt d, saying lie thought she might he offended at the omission. But when he wa nt on and said it was enough to drag young F\ r- guson from his grave, the luckless Charlie looked so ill that people told Ilalibui ton to dry lip, and not try and be funny on a subj< ct bku that. " You know, I think Davidson was worked up into rather an ' eetie ' state of mind when the eventful night arrived. He lias often, in telling me. the story of what he saw, remarked that he trll a presentiment " " Oh. don't" interiupted his listener. " Don't let us have any presi ntiments. Go on with the anecdote." " Just as you like," r- plied Wiekham,mildly, " Anyhow, whatever Charlie's state of mind was, the supper-room hud just been opened, nnd he was rushing shout, telling the wrong men to take int-he wrong ladies He came in the course of his career to a snifdl sittmg-out room close to Ihc entrance-lull. It was ratter a cold and unpopular room, with a dejected- looking palmtrre in the centre, md fitted ont with the shabbiest of tho sofas and chairs. The. ball secretary cainc in, hut he stopped quite ns hastily in the doorway. For, sitting side by sole, on a conch exactly opposite him were Miss Wat. rfield and Dunlop Fersgnr.on. The intruder was too much staggered to see very clearly, but he looked Ferguson full in the face and saw that he was while and haggai'd. " Charlie Davidson could not stand the sight, nnd bolted out like steam. He managed' to find me in the supper-room, and I could not think what was the row with him. I gave him fome brandy, which he wanted badlv ; and then he told mo whiit he had sect), and begged me to go and see what I could see. " Well, Frank, it is not a very pleasant thing to be ordered to go and inspect a ghost, and I hi sit a ted a little. But then I concluded either that they had been mistaken in telling us that Feivnstm. Wft8 d(-ad,or cite I hat Chin lie had been mi-'; 1-ei) in thinking that he hud seen, him. So 1 nut on a-, calm a face as I coulu and made for ti e sJ;OfT tr I WOftl in nirily nnH ea'na li\, o d v to find there was nobody tin:* led Mi-s V V I ci lirld. J-die wn* leaning hack <,n Ihe V.f.t, -vi!h Iter hands behind I rr head, lo. ].. in;; rp at lbs- :•!• Ciic li<;ht." '" Didn't si o e on up-et '('' *<l;cd Curgenvcri, 4 1 or st .i t.md P " ho lo-. le d nothing, i>« she always did,'' was Ihe ic_o "There was po-ilt'.cly notour st.Ml ah -111, I r lhat ronid tell •.••>•,•-hod v anylbieg, hie- looked. I ,-iitvi li-mr, n lit'le le.n d." " That is gill to v\e. ill.tr oh in n rt exprivwon for • 1 ( 'to kcnveu, jrb'ct ing a >ti 'he I.-hie, " v. h< Ii her IV' -m Ihc grave to mr el I the df.y she irjcc'e-J eehised lit r P " n was verv MiiPul, ft r -aid 1 didn't kno-.v she l «ho reviled, • Didn't eg sort of ,'infiii or. and y gt eat. I coo hi not dead lover has M till Ii'd her on the a nmvet sa ry e nim. 1 t-ui-pose You '-at " .'•! v eros'-eva inmate 1 led up to ;t g-nlly. I i", as all alone ; to who 1 you ; ' - which is a chiili oi-e at whieli site was vr' for the life of me go on to say thnt I had been told ost was sitting out the supper dunces wilh ler. I mido some general remaik, whuh she 1. c: i vi ,| V.ith a t<ol;1e ' Indeed ! ' displ.-«\ ing Itoiii'ire-t of anv kliio I ami then her mother «i"!if tr<\- c-nie in. lie;' mo'hor is ti- llup ivr, and an ihiol, SO I lid. leaving the seeiet held...1 me. " I'm bound to <a added eomidevebly I evrniir; when s-"veia] t'TV. ti. d ict sor n )nI, ma do oiL that. Ler-u , cot ps: dike ami sup' r: that Oh a 11 ie Davldnon tl e .-lory 1 t r r on in the assi s of champ igne in- •II" and t ho f,. c s. I Io 's wli-de detii. utiour as [.lira I, Hit] ; ddod a sugg iion of a bullet-wound in his foieheitl, impb. ing suicide. However, nth. r people w.-ri m- ciiced Io be let f; impirsM-d, and hinled lhat tho l-ecr.'taiy had h'-en Sumplne.; ihe diinl;.- in foro 'Upper. Young llalihmton, when h nex't in London, made inrpiii ie j it. r< R).IIMIII > club whdh' r Clmrbe had post.- the card b r t ha 1! chelo: -.' Rail. The < 'ltd, • said I. h d heard m illing of I'er^nsson <i: l mi • I lis, r-nd that he had h fi no ; to whi' i bis letters m igl. t to for we t oh I. lir sliowid ll.-tif"t- I UP on about I t i-u.-oo, ami t.idi't y It i t <-i < I lalil.urton ra^rtly seareht d I hi ouph tie m to liml Charlie's invitation. Rut this was y rv strange lea fine in i t — tl e in vit a t on to the hall was not among the letters. Wasn't that curious p " " li was, indeed. That had evidently found llitii out somewhere bewmd his Olub." " Shortly af er this lemnkahle a [ipari I ion, Mi' S Wiiterfield w. nt away f i om Litl lei ol ou^li. 1 think she went abroad to barn some siccus of musical instrument, in Germany. 1 hi lit vo music interests her faintly, much rnoiv than lovers or j;hosts of huer.s. A wry wise man in the. Club onci siid that if Ferguson wen- ir dly 'lead lie ronsiiii-ri-d Kitty Watriti'-bl imnihy guilty of his death. Cpon which a still wis r wan suggested that lie should go mid teh her so." Captain Ciirgrnvcn considered Wickhaui'n story an excellent- one, and it iom''ined an excellent ftoi y, io his cstimat ion, until onr day ho hapened to see in the paper I hr ni,rria(ir, tdcgraphe I home rout .A frier., of acittin air. ihinIon Leiajtison to an ofljeer's d.u;:htor in Cape Town. Then ho roc..Heeled lhd the name ,v;,s not a vrj-y uncommon one, and that t-iie Lit t'eborough p.ny< hirnl researchers h»d not very conclusive ( VI loner that t In 1'.1 eu-on w ho appeared at the b.V! was the.-ain I-', rcusen uho wan ilea l. Cha-lie Davidson cud Wicliham both maintain that the man ulm has just been married is Hnotln r p. rson ol the same name. Others, however, hold that Frigustm paid a flying visit, to Litth borough to try a las! fall with his hard-hearted enchantress. And when Miss Watt-Wield comes hack to lier native town certain hold spirits have re»o]\vd t > cast lot, to dt-i jilt; who shall tpio-tion her and find out the truth.-—" Vanity Fair." 