HOW JAMESON WAS BETRAYED. REVOLUTION BY PROXY. A PACK OF COWARDS. The Cape Times, the leading paper of South Africa, writing under date of 4th January, has a scathing article directed against the Uitlanders of Johannesburg, at whose door it lays the blame for the disastrous ending to Dr. Jameson's gallant attempt. The following are the most striking points in what is really a serious indictment :— There is a saying that one cannot make a revolu- tion with rosewater. Johannesburg is to be con- gratulated on an even more luxurious tour de force. It has made a revolution by proxy. " I am one of those tame moralists," said one of the most eloquent of Irish rebels in a famous per- oration, " who hold that liberty is not worth the spilling of one drop of blood." The revolutionists of the Rand agree with Meagher. They have found that their emancipation from political servitude was quite well worth the cost of blood—other people's. For weeks past we have been edified by columns of eloquence upon the wrongs, intolerable to manhood, under which they smarted. Their ulti- matum to the Government was declared to repre- sent a charter of freedom for which 10,000 men were ready, if forced, to take up arms. With the irony of coincidence, it is to-day that a Times article is tele- graphed declaring that while Mr. Leonard's manifesto asked for little more than the programme adopted by the National Union last year, there was this impor- tant difference " that those who endorse the manifesto of 1895 will take the responsibility of enforcing it." In reality, it appears, the extent of the stern resolve of the citizen army of 10,000 was to invite a handful of other men to enforce it for them. We owe an apology to the Kruger Government and to its organs for refusing for a whole night and day to believe their state- ments of this plain and simple fact. We simply laughed away, as a fantastic fiction, the news that Johannesburg had sat inactive for four-and-twenty hours within earshot, aye, almost within eyeshot, of the stubborn struggle of a few hundred lads to push their way into town through two or three thousand Boers ; that they had refrained with a "calm re- straint," perhaps unparalleled in the records of philosophy, from so much as sending out a patrol to reconnoitre. Before this, when an armistice was suggested to them by the Boer commandant, it does not seem to have occurred to them that an armis- tice which excludes the only fighting part of your belligerents leaves something to be desired. So they made their armistice, saw the Boers massing at their convenience in Jameson's path, and—made speeches. That was all the support " Dr. Jim " got from those " principal residents " who, as he wrote in his characteristic little scrawl to the Commandant of Marico, had invited him to " assist them in their demand for justice." Colonel Rhodes—Jameson, by the way, like Mr. Cecil Rhodes, had a brother in the town—asked the furious crowd on Thursday even- ing whether they thought him a cur ? Seasoned English officers who bear the Distinguished Ser- vice Order are generally deemed outside the range of such classification. But, taking the Rand revolu- tionists in the lump, we do not wonder that Dr. Jim cursed them for a pack of cowards, and that the sympathy of Cape colonists has been entirely transferred to the man who at least blundered mag- nificently, from these models of a most unmagnif- cent " calm restraint." No doubt the verdict of people in Capetown on the cowardice of combatants in Johannesburg is open to obvious retort. " And those behind cried ' Forward,' and those before cried ' Back !' " We may suppose, and certainly will suppose while we can, that there were reasons as yet unknown to account for what looks like an act of desertion worse than of Gordon at Khartoum : for Gordon, after all, was not just fifteen miles from the doors of the Ministry which " invited " him, with railway lines all the way. But while we tried desperately to look forward to satisfactory explanations, we cannot say we much like the taste of those so far volunteered. They had had " hopeful messages." One recalls Gordon's hopeful messages from Khartoum : " Can hold out for ever," &c.; They " thought he was getting through all right." Why did they not send and have a look ? Why, the very women strolled along to meet him. With that firing going on and on, one would have thought a few men would break out and try to get near him, if they had nothing better than blunderbusses to do it with ! Since Sunday afternoon the little band had been pressing hard across the veld. They had had no sleep, they had finished their food (not proportioned, we suppose, to so pro- longed a " calm restraint "), they had, at last, fired away their cartridges ; with thirst, and waking, and utter fag, they were nodding as they went. And they were hemmed in by six to one of Boer riflemen, so well covered that the total Boer loss is put at two. They had flung themselves at the mass with reckless daring : small parties had been thrown away, shot or taken, that the main body might dash past, all to get through and make the junction with thousands of armed men (so they describe themselves) who never came one step to meet them. The thing is simply incredible. It is pathetic reading, the account of the surrender at last, the men flinging themselves on the ground to sleep, or greedily munching the biltong which their Boer captors, full of the generous comradeship of brave men for brave men, hastened to share with them. Even the Robinson- Kruger organs ceased to talk about a " rout " and began with haste to take a lower seat and praise their gallantry. The streets of Capetown yesterday were a curious sight. People's faces were as gloomy as if everybody had lost a near friend—as, indeed, not a few must have done. The abstract rights of the people of Johannesburg are the same as ever, no doubt—and the revolutionists by proxy say now that they are all to be conceded. But while the cause is the same, and all Cape colonists support it, you cannot to-day conjure out of Cape- town the ghost of a cheer for the " Uitlanders " of Johannesburg. It may be wrong, but it is well that Johannesburg should know it, should feel that it lies under a great and grievous need to clear itself before the world. The whole business is simply incomprehensible. The Reform Committee puts the blame on the High Commissioner's proclamation. Since the Imperial Government disavowed Jameson they must, of course, follow suit. Did they really expect the Im- perial Government to personally conduct their revo- lution ? The way the average Johannesburgher talks over his drinks never led us to suppose that his political judgment was so fettered by the proprieties of Downing- street. These people, whose represen- tatives invited Jameson in, can they not see that while it was inevitable for us to disavow him, it was grotesque for them ? It was for us to deplore civil war—which is always deplorable. They had declared themselves ready, if forced, to make it. Yet a pro- clamation addressed to British subjects when they had just sworn allegiance to the Transvaal flag suffices to make them coldly repudiate their ally. The Star, which has been preaching sedition bravely for a week, actually congratulates the forces of the Government on having defeated him, and the whole of Johannesburg looks on unmoved while the Boers draw on the ammunition in the town for those sup- plies which might have saved Jameson. And then, when the mass of people suddenly realised their dis- grace, and in a passion of shame and anguish turn on the committee, one of these gentlemen looks out of a window and declares, like Mrs. Micawber, that it is no use asking him, the committee will never desert Dr. Jameson. In conclusion the Cape Times points out that if the demands of the Uitlanders have been conceded they may thank Dr. Jameson, and that it behoves Johan- nesburg before it lays down arms to put the release of Dr. Jameson with full honours of war before everything else. 