A Working Woman's Story. It isn't anything wonderful I have to tell one way or the other. But such as it is it may help to open other women's eyes before they go to the poll on the 25th of April, and that's why I'm going to tell my bit of a history as well as I can. My name is Rachel Stokes, and I am a hard-working woman—the wife of a man who works harder still—for though we women may sit up of nights nursing sick children and get up by candle-light to give the old man and the boys their breakfast when they have a long way to go to their work, though we have tubs of clothes to wash and the house to scrub and food to cook, and, God knows, tired enough many a day, yet I will say it that the men who work on the wharves and roads, in the mines and quarries, in the fields and on the house-tops, in sun and rain, in hot weather and cold, have a harder time of it than we women at home. For we can sit down and spell when we like, we can have a cup of tea and a yarn with a neighbor when we have a mind to without asking anyone's leave, and when the youngsters are too aggravating we can just give them a slap and send them out side a bit. Though, indeed, all mine are long past that, the youngest being now twelve past. Jim and me married when he was twenty-one and I was nineteen. He was a metal- worker in Birmingham and earn ing thirty-five to forty shillings a week, and though the children came pretty fast we managed to save a little from week to week for the first seven years, for my mother, who was a widow renting a small market - garden at Evesham, had taught me to do all house hold work well and to take good care of the pennies. But after our seventh was born wages went down and slack times came until we had to move into a cheaper house in a crowded court, and there the children took ill of fever, and two of them died, and I was so long out of sorts myself that I had to pay a woman to help me with the work, for I never could bear to see the house dirty, or have Sunday come round without having the clothes clean and neat for Jim and the little ones. Then my eighth baby was born when things were at the worst—no money in hand and a little in debt to the butcher and baker, and Jim out on strike. It had been going on for two weeks when the baby was born, and every day Jim said the masters were going to come to terms ; but they didn't, and the help from the Union was done. We had some furniture that we pawned bit by bit until at last the day came when there was nothing left but the beds and a few chairs and saucepans; but there was help coming in a day or two for the most needy, only you can't till the stomachs of six children on what's coming the day after to- morrow. And there we were one day I'll never forget with but one loaf in the house for all of us, and my youngest just a month old. Jim went out early—there was a little job he was half promised—and he made sure he would at any rate be able either to earn or borrow a shilling or two to keep the wolf out of doors. As he didn't turn up by midday I thanked God and cut up the loaf for the children and myself with a little weak tea, sweetened with the scrapings of the treacle jar. But it turned out I was too forward with my thanks to the Almighty—for it's no use being grateful for help that doesn't come. For about two in the afternoon Jim came in, and I knew by his very footsteps that he'd neither food or money. I was weak with want of proper eating, and lying awake of nights wondering what was to happen. So when Jim dragged himself in and sat down without a word, his face as white as the face of the baby in my arms, a lump came in my throat so big I thought I couldn't speak. But after a bit I swallowed it down, and I said as cheerful as I could— " Well, old man, I'm afraid you had no luck ?" J "Well, Rachael," says he, speaking very slow, "it was a bad day for you, it seems, the dajrthat Jim Stokes took vou for his wife ?" * "Jim, it wasn't," says I, "and don't you say it. What would I do without you ?" "What would you do without me?" says he in a strange voice. " Better than with me. You have six of my children, counting the baby that you're suckling with your breasts dry with famine, and to-day I can't give one of you a bite of food." "We'll get along, Jim—we'll get along somehow until help comes," says I, keep ing as good a face on as I could, though I felt I was all of a tremble ; for there was something in Jim's face I never saw there before, and only once again, and that wasn't so very long ago, being, indeed, in this month of March, 1896. But I will tell you of that when the time comes. Jim seemed as if he didn't hear me when I said we'd get along somehow. " I never expected much luck ; I wasn't brought up that way," says he, speaking very quiet like, and yet minding me of a fire that you keep down only by setting a big full pot on it. " My father worked hard for forty-five years and then died in the workhouse; and his father before him, my grandfather, died in^oal because he was one of the ringleaders in a bread riot. I wasn't learned to do any of the easy things for which half-idle men get bagfuls of gold. But I can do a long hard day s real work to anyone. And yet be cause me and my mates wouldn't keep on at starvation wages, while the masters foUfbout in their carriages, and swallow bottlefuls of wine after dinner that would keep us in food for a month, it comes to this that you and the children are starv ing, while I cannot get a stroke of work." With that Jim got up and opened the cupboard where I used to keep the bread. He saw it was quite empty, and he went towards the door saying—" I can't get work or money, so I must get food by some other means, and by God I won't beg!" Jim, we've had food ; we had plenty to eat, me and the children," says I, hardly knowing whether I was doing good or bad when I said such a thing. Yes, father, we had a lot of bread and tea, says Tom, the eldest boy, the best lad ever a mother had, and as like his father as two peas. "Bachel this is the first time I've known you to tell me a lie, and the boy is taking after you on the spot," says Jim quite hard like, with his hand on the door. But I got up and stood with my back against it, and the four-week-old baby in my arms. " Let me go," says Jim, with his eyes blazing. "The laws of England are made by people with well-filled purses and bellies. They may call it stealing, but I call it saving the life of wife and children!" '' Saving, you call it, Jim," says I. Look here old man, we've been man and wife for thirteen years come Easter, and in shine or sorrow I've always thanked God that you are a man for a woman to proud of. We've buried two little children, Jim, and I've known what it was to lie awake at midnight and cry like a mad thing because they were out in the bleak, and me famishing to hold them in my arms. But I've never known what it is to go red in the face when I said ' Jim Stokes is my man.' And now, Jim, you think to bring shame on us for the sake of a. loaf. No, Jim, not if we are to die this night of starvation." With that Jim looked at me for a bit without saying a word, and then his face got soft like. " Have it your own way, old woman," he says, very quiet, and then he sat down by the fire place, where there was nothing now but a few coals under a heap of ashes. All at once he began to shiver till the settle under him shook like a leaf. I put the baby down, and sat by him for a bit. He was quite cold, and trembling all over. I made him lie down, and covered him up well, and then I went out to pawn my gold wedding ring. I used to think whatever happened I wouldn't part with that, feeling that it would bring me bad luck. But what worse luck could come than seeing your man as weak as water with hunger, and the children white and silent from the same cause. Well, I got enough on the ring to buy some coal, and enough food for a couple of days. Then we got some more union help, and in a couple of weeks Jim was at work once more in the factory, the men having to give way, by taking lower wages, but not so much less as the masters wanted to give them. We stayed on in old England for five years longer. But it seemed as if Jim was always a little different after that. He read a lot more, mostly dry books, full of figures. Sometimes he would sit up late at night, and I would hear him read out bits, as if he were making a speech him self. ' What s the good of reading so much " I would say to him sometimes, " it's enough to make your head ache." "1 wailfc to understand how it is that the people who work' the hardest are the worst paid, the worst fed, the worst clothed, and the worst lodged in all the world," he would say, "and as for my head, the heads and the backs of working men have ached so much and so long through ignorance that it is high time we should get a little more knowledge for ourselves and learn to get rid of some of the load that the well-to-do have been heaping on us from century to century," ^ ^ne» ^hing . * noticed was that Jim, through reading so much, would some times talk just like a book, only more clever, so to speak. Well, eight years ago we came to Australia. I am not going into the story of our ups and downs for the first few years. What disappointed Jim most was finding, as he said, " nearly all the abuses of J the old country firmly rooted in this new land." " There is no aristocracy," he said, "but the middle classes in power are far worse—more greedy, grasping, and dishonorable, more selfish, and more eager to kick a poor man off the ladder by which they rose themselves. But the change is coming here, as it must everywhere. We work in" men won't be always promising our selves a better time to-morrow, and dying to-day, miserable bankrupts." That was all very well, but indeed I was getting a little tired of the gran prospects that Jim and his friends always had in view, but always as far oft seemingly as a fine sunset on tne nigh seas. I didn't want to die to-day or to morrow, but I did want to be able to save a bit of money against the time that Jim and me were too old to work, we were both past forty by this time—grand parents with the two elder children married, and all of them having as much as they could do to keep a little money m the Savings Bank against a strike. Two of the boys were at Mount Gambier growing potatoes, struggling all they knew how to have a little money left for them selves after they paid their rent. I was always hankering after a bit of land for our very own. It was bred in the bone with me, I suppose, for all .my people had been on the land for generations. Jim says that's what gave me a conser vative twist, but that's neither here or there. The thing was that as I grew older I longed more and_ more to save some money to buy a bit of land, and when X saw no chance of this, the splendid things that are going to happen to working men and women when my bones are turning to dust, didn't give me anv iov. But at last my chance came. We went to Broken Hill, and there Jim and the two boys that were with us worked at the big mine and earned between them £5 10s. a week. Some tilings were dear, but boots and clothes, such as we wanted, were very cheap. Well, week in, week out, I found that 1 could save between, five and six pounds a month. The climate was trying, and I had to work pretty hard, but Bessie— that's our youngest, about ten years old then—was very quick and useful, when she came home from school, and 011 Saturdays and Sundays, when I had most to do of course, she was at home all day. Well, for two years things went on from good to better with us. Jim and the boys kept their health wonderful. Lizzie, the eldest girl, married to a car penter, came to the Hill from Adelaide with her husband and two little boys, and Ben was in constant work, and earned very good wages. Mary, the second daughter, was married to a restaurant keeper in Adelaide, and was getting on well. The two at Mount Gambier were having rather a bad time, prices being low and the rent high ; but we sent them some money, and tided them over the worst season. As for me, I never was more happy or contented. The way the money kept on mounting in the Savings Bank book was just a feast for me every time I looked at it. When about the middle of the second year we were at the Hill the amount reached £100 I could have cried with joy. But when I showed it to Jim he got quite gloomy. " Why, what's the matter, Jim, says I. " To tell you the truth, wife," says he, " when I think of the hordes of poc r men who are slowly dying of starvation, or just on the brink of it, I feel ashamed to think we have so much money. My word, I got quite a turn, and supped the book quick into my pocket. "No doubt there's millions of needy people in the world, Jim," says I, ' but this is iust part of the price of a home for two who have worked hard all their lives, and often fared hard enough, but who can't go on working for ever." With that Jim laughed a bit, and said it was hard on a chap after being all his life against capitalists to find one fixed at his bed and board. He and the boys would often tease me, asking me how the home for the two old infirm people was getting on, and I would say : 1 Its just wetting on grand. There's ten acres and a nice little four-roomed cottage with a skilliou to it, and there's a spare room for the boys when they come to see the old people with their wives." At that Tom, the eldest, went red up to the white of his eyes, for he waB keeping company with Molly J ones at that time, and glad enough I was of it, for she was none of your fast, flirty, dressy girls, and a good wife she makes him. But 1m going a bit too fast, for long before Tom got married all my precious savings had melted away, and there was an endto the acres and the four-roomed cottage and the spare bedroom, and the flowers that .were to grow by the windows—hollyhocks and foxgloves and sweet williamsand cabbage roses, and all the rest of the sweet old fashioned English flowers that I was used to in the old days. Yes, women, the big strike spoiled it all, and I expect a good many of you. know what it is to see the nice comfortable figures in the Savings Bank book pine and pine away until there's not a ghost of them left, and that's what happened to me. It wasn t only that Jim and the boys were so long out of work, but he would help so many others when the strike was over, while the money lasted; and what touched me most was that some of those he helped were men who ^ earned as much as he did, but spent it in the public-houses instead of saving any, and the way that Jim would reason me down when I said he ought not to en courage men who drank, fairly spoiled my temper sometimes. " If they do go in for a big drunk how and then that's one reason for being kinder to them," he would say, "for drunkenness is a disease and sometimes comes on a man because his father or his mother drank before him, or because they ate too much or not enough." a i ^ that last is the disease Jim btokes family is most likely to suffer irom, says I, feeling ready to cry with anger and sorrow. I was wild against the strike from the first, and always said it would come to no good, but Jim was just as strong the other way. "They broke faith with us," he said, and we must fight them to the bitter i" . It Mrill be an object-lesson to the shareholders; they'll see how much money they could get out of the best mine in the world without our labor." But, indeed, I think it was we who were the object-lesson (whatever that may ™an)vvhen we left Broken Hill with only ±io0 left to us of all our dear-earned savings, and even this went down to £8 10s. before Jim and Dick, our second eldest boy, got work in Adelaide. Tom stayed on at the Hill, as did also Ben {Lizzie's husband). But Jim was in the black-book, and so here we had to start life again, and for the first year all that Jim and the boy could earn was hardly more than kept the pot boiling. Tilings improved a little the second year, for Jim got into a good steady billet where a man that had a head on his shoulders and could be trusted was wanted ; but of course he belongs to a union, and "who knows the morning," I says to myself many a day, " when some scamp will get up a row, and then out'goes Jim and perhaps Dick with the key of the street; and it's the same old story over again that I'm so sick of," ^r^men> ^at s the way I reasoned, and I expect many of you feel the same way. To tell the truth, I couldn't get over the loss of our money. There was just like a big black patch in my heart every time I thought of it, and God knows that was pretty often. When Jim would lay down the law about the condi tion of the working classes, and how, when they got their proper power in the Government, the crooked paths would be made straight, I just sat and listened and was dumb, and thought to myself, " Fine words butter no parsnips." Well, things were like this when the Bill for giving us women a vote was passed. I didn't know of it till Jim came in late that evening from the Democratic Club, and he was so very much pleased and excited, I said, "Well, I don't suppose it will make any difference to us in the long run. You'll just earn your seven bob a day and will live on in a cramped little place in the city the same as ever." "Rachel, I wonder at you," says Jim. "Don't you see that it more than doubles our power when our wives and daughters have votes 2" " And what after all is the great good of our votes ?" says I, darning away at one of Jim's socks. He always was hard on them. I sometimes thought that some of his hot thinking got into his heels and made them come through. " What's the use of our votes ?" says Jim, raising his voice at me as if I was a meeting. "Why, woman alive, our votes is the knife that is to open the world to us," With that I let Jim talk on, and said never another word. Of course he got me put on the roll, so that I could vote when the time came, but I thought very little about it until two or three weeks ago. First one lady and then another came canvassing, as they call it, in our street. They explained that they were members of the National Defence League, and that this was more in the interests of the working classes than any other, for things were getting into such a. state, what with the Labor Party and the faddists, and the low price of produce, and the great competition going on all the world over, that if we women would not_ bestir ourselves a little, all the capital would be driven out of the colony and it would be just one great strike. "You know, perhaps, what frightful mischief strikes hare done in South Aus tralia and elsewhere,' she said. " Indeed, I do, none better," says I, and so she went on talking so sensibly just what I had often thought that at last I \- J i - . ' ■ said, " Yes, I would like to be a member of a society that was going to do so much to protect us, only I was afraid my man might not like the plan." " But, ray dear Mrs. Stokes " says she —I .don't know how she found put lily name, but,''there, she had it as pat as a,b.c.—" You've got a vote for yourself now, and you must use it according to your own sense. If your husband votes on the labor ticket you must just try to straighten up matters a bit by being on the safe side. These are our candidates —giving the names of two men ; just put .a cross against their names on the polling day, and now let me enrol you as a mem ber of the N.D.L." With that she whipped out a pretty little silver mounted pocket book, and got out a ticket, on which she wrote my name. "The entrance fee is two and six pence, but don't you trouble about that, Mrs. Stokes, I'll pay it for you, and only too glad and proud to have such a clear headed woman added to our League." I wished that Jim could have heard her then; all the same, I felt a little guilty like, for I don't do things without telling him—not telling him, indeed, but talking; them over with him, and then making up my mind according as we thrash them out between us. But then I knew such a league as this would be to him like a red rag to a bull, and it was long since I had given up quite agreeing with liim about strikes, and if the Labor Party was going to make more of them, why I felt I would do anything in my power to help the other side. Well, as it happened, Jim was out that evening at the Democratic Club, and when he came home I was reading one of the evening papers alone, Bessie being with her sister at the restaurant, where they were doing very well, Bill Annerly, my son-in-law, being a very steady, push ing man, and dead against the Labor Party. What do you think I heard this even ing," says Jim, as soon as he came in, " Why, that heaps of the well-to-do women are going about among working men's wives trying to capture their votes by all sorts of lies. Have any of them come to you ?'! " Yes, two; the iastone this afternoon," says I, fiddling with the paper so as not to meet Jim's eyes. " What infernal cheek, to be sure," says Jim, scowling as if he saw a snake two yards long. " Do you know their names ?" " The one that called this afternoon is Mrs. A.B.," says I, "a very pleasant spoken lady, and I don't think as it was such a great liberty either." "Don't you," says Jim, very curt, "perhaps that's because you don't see the thing in its full bearings." "Look here, Hachael," says he, putting his hand on my arm, and speaking very quiet and slow, " if you knew a woman who was twenty times poorer than yourself, who had miserable cotton gowns, while you had silk ones, who lived in a wretched hovel, while you lived in a big handsome house, who never knew what it was to face the sunrise sure of a roof to shelter her in her old age ." "I'm sure if I knew such a woman, and had so much more, I'd do what I could for her," - says I, wondering what Jim was driving at. " Yes, that's what the poor do for each other—give help even to their last penny," says Jim; "but what are the women of the capitalists and their fol lowers doing now 1 They come to women like you who have worked like slaves all your lives for a bare living, and they flatter and coax you and put a false face on things so that you will help them to keep things going in the old style—all the hardest work and the mean, dirty, shabby sort of life for us, and the com fort and the leisure and the pleasant things for them!" "What cheek," says I, beginning to see things clearer, and beginning, too, to feel angry at my being talked over in such a way. " Cheek," says Jim, "is no word for it. What their coming for your votes means, put into plain English, is just this: ' We want a labor class that we can keep at the lowest wages on which they can exist; we want their daughters to be our servants, and their sons to hew wood and draw water for us all their lives. But if you working women vote for your own class you will soon get too much power, and there will be changes that will spoil our plans, so just vote for our men and not your own.'" . " Jim, I know you'll think I'm a fool, and I think so myself now," says I, not ableto conceal the truth any longer, and with that I told him all that had happened ■when Mrs. A. B. scaUedv>-When'-Jun. heard thiit she had..put me down as:* member of the National Defence League he had just the same daugerous sort of look that he had the day we were foodless with six young children in the old country; but instead of giving me the length of his tongue, as I felt I deserved, he just sat quite«till with his head rest ing on his hand and his elbow on the table where I had set out our bit of supper. " Come, come, Jim," says I at last, " don't take it so hard. There's no.real harm done— " " No real harm," says Jim, " why there must be more mischief going on than I could have believed. If you who have always heard so much on our own* side, who have suffered so much and so un justly in the old world and the new, are made to turn against your own party so swift and complete, what will it be with young foolish women who know little of the world and are at the mercy of the first glib tongue ?" " Jim, the young women who havn't suffered so much will be fairer uainded," says I, quite humble. "Its the loss of that money over the big strike at the Hill that got on my mind. I can see it now. Why I've never heard of a strike Bince but I've wished the men might be worsted, no matter how you explained their wrongs and their rights to me. 'Let them just learn not to fly in the face of Providence, and waste their hard-earned savings,' I used to say to myself." "Providence?" cries Jim. "Oh, Rachel, don't mix up Providence with the selfish trickery of selfish men. Strikes are bad. Whov can doubt it? And in the long run it must come harder on us. But when you have to fight for existence you must use the means in your power. Wars are still worse. Yet every civilized nation goes to war and wastes human lives as if they were flies or ants or withered leaves fit only for burning, and, mind you, most of these wars bring no good at all to the poor, though they have to pay the piper, both with the money and their lives. Yet the people who speak of strikes as if they were a senseless iniquity will maintain that war is a necessary evil. Only what's the good of iny speaking like this, for though you listen and «eem to side with me, yet when the pinch comes the first idle woman that comes to flatter you will get your vote. "Never, Jim, never," says I, with the tears coming thick into my eyes, and with that I went to my workbox and got out the ticket of membership for the N.D.L. " I'll just send it back to Mrs. A. B. with a little letter," says I, "and tell her I'm 110 member, .and don't mean to be, and that whatever my vote is worth it trill : go to my man's side and my own, not to hers." And I sat down there and then and wrote, and Jim looked on as pleased as Punch, and now, having thought the, matter well over, I've just written this plain little story for the. sake of other women, like myself, who may be in danger of being led astray to give their votes to the capitalists instead of to their own side, the Labor Party. 