THE OU ICE OF ATHQL. The Blood of Blair Athol. STORY OF A STOLEN RACING STAI-LIOX. | (By Delawabe.) I ' V otr fellows ride pretty good stock-horses out here ; I suppose you have a good sire in at tbe head station 'No, soauy, they're ' brumbys,' every mother's son of 'em.' ' Brumbys i' 1 echoed. 1 Brumbys 1 well, that's a good one.' ' Well, I tell yer they are. Every horse we ride out here we runs in out of the brumbys.' ' The speaker was a tall, wiry Mac-' quarie River native, who had put in years of back country stock-riding. He could ride anything that ever stood on four legs, could run fairly well, fight some, aad when oa the spree hold as much back-block ram as anyone his weight and inches for miles around. 'I suppose,' he said, 'you wouldn't believe that there is an imported English stallion, and % eon of the great Blair Athol, too, ruaning among the brumbys out here, yes, sonny, the Date of Athol that was stolen from Mr Tindall's in M udgee way, was lost near here by the chaps wot ? shook ' him. ' You see, it was like this,' he went on, 'one of the Dangar's bought the Duke of Athol, a yearling, in England. I think he gave £2000 for him. He bought Hawthornden and Captivator, besides some thoroughbred fillies at the same time. Well, he sends the whole biling of 'em out to this country in a sailing vessel, and shortly after he shipped them he goes and shoots hisself and cut his throat or something, so when the horses arrived in Sydney they was put up to auction and sold, and Mr Tindall buys Duke of Athol, the pick of the basket, and takes him up to his place near Bylong. Some of the 'boys' spotted him, and made up thoir minds to have him. So they gets a young horse tue same color and marked like the Duke, chestnut, four white legs, white face, silverisb mane and tail, and a couple of the gang goes to Tindall's place and 'shakes' the Duke. When Tindall's people miss the colt they picks up the track and toilers them into the Warrumbungle Banges, when they come across the body of what they think is their own horse killed, and partly burnt. They put it down to revenge on the part of some of Ur Tindall's enemies, and offers a big reward for the chaps wot killed him and all that. But in the mean time the Duke was on his way down the Martbaguy travelling at night, and only stopping at friend* places. At last they eot him across the Barwon and stayed a week or two at a secure spot on the Bokhira, where the colt coveted three well-bred mares belonging to a friend — they weren't in the Stud Book, but they were pure bred for all that. I knew their sires and dams tcelL After a time the colt was got safely across to the Wa rrego. There wasn't any of them blasted wire fences in those days, so you could go across country anywhere you liked. ?The 'coys' were making for Cooper's Creek, where they had s bit of country and eooij nice mares. But the day after they left Kerrigan's, on the Warrego. they lost tne colt among the brumbys, and never laid hand on him since. But he's here ; L've seen hi oi dozens of times, and liitd many a fly after hi:u, but not a Btockhorse in the country or a rac;horse either c-in get within cooeeof him— but I'll have him yet, it 1 die for it.' X was much impressed with this story, and it struck me my lon» friend knew more about the Btealing of the XSike of Atnol than he cared to tell. The sequel of this story cams a few weeks after. Warrego Jack, as my wiry friend was nicknamed, and 1 were sent out towards l'aiitabuila after some quiet horsed that had strayed in that direction. After riding all day without coming across any horses, we camped at a clay pan, near the edge of a p ain, in a bit of mulga. After supper we were having a good smoke and a yarn, when we were startled by a brumby's whistle. It was a beautiful moonlight night. We saw a magnificent horse with a white face and four white legs move majestically across the bit of plain towards our horses, that were feeding near by. My mate grasped me by the arm, his face as white as a ghost.' 'My Uod,' he exclaimed, 'the Duke of Athol /' I said, ' Are you sure ?' I Sure,' he replied, ' sure 1 I would know his skin on a bush even if he had been dead a year.' The Duke came towards our horses, carrying himself like a king. He passed within 50 yards of me. I never saw a grander animal. As he was passing near us my companion cried out as if in pain. The Duke doubled back and dis appeared into the timber like a flash. L turned to my mate, who was lying on the ground groaning. 1 lifted him up and said to him, 'Why were jou go excited when you saw tbat horse ' Excited,' he answered, ' my boy, if you had gone threugh as much as I have over that horse you would be excited. Of course you don't know that I was one of the chaps that collared The Duke.1 After a while he continued : ' Me and Midnight, Long Bob, and George B ? were in it. Me aad Midnight took the Duke and smoked him right through to the Wanego, where we lost him. Midnight was shot a few years afterwards, near wnere we are now, by two coppers named Garlin and King. Long Bob is outlawed— perhaps dead. George K ? ran away with old M. ? 's daughter, Mary, and has turned square, he's living inside (coast district) somewhere ; and here I am, working year inand year out for old hungry Jimmy T — . When 1 catches sight of the Duke, sometimes it's over this way, sometimes it's 40 mile away towards Eulo, I gammons to go to Cunnamulla no wand then lor a spree, but I don't until I have a try toget the Duke. I've chased him scores ot times on good hones, horses good enough to win the Bourke Handicap, but the Duke leaves 'em behind as if they were draught horses ; hut I'll get him yet, or leave my bones on those cursed plaiUB, and if ever I get close oa to him, I'll lasso him.' Then my strange companion pulled his saddle psuch off, and showed me a lovely platted lain'et inside. ' I might stalk him yet, hewaid, ' And if yon get him,' I asked, ' what will yon do with him ?' ' 1 know a place left to take him to,' he re plied. Then be became silent, and 1 rolled my self in my blanket and tried to sleep. War rego Jack sat up over the fire until daylight. He brought the horses up, and after a cnack we started back to the station. Next day Jack cleared out for Cunnamulla to ' get a few things.' Six weeks after a man and bone were foand dead' in a hit of scrub abont thirty miles west of the Warrego. The horse had its nock broken, and tbe man's skull was smashed in. The horse bad evi dently fallen, killing his rider and himself. The lider was Door Warrego Jack. 