THE BOROUGCH ELECTION. THE CAND)IDATES AT THE MECHANICS' HALL.; Owing to difficulty in obtaining a hall the candidates for the annual vacancies in the i-orough Council did not meet the bur es until Tuesday evening. Election addressesarevery tame reading after the election itself is over, and, therefore, as there as not an opportunity of reporting the candidates before the fateful day, we shall not now attempt to reproduce the words of wisdom that fell fronm their lipi- the justification of their past careers, at tempted by the retiring coancillors and the promises of future usefulness made by the old and new moen alike. A general note of the meeting will, under tile circutn. stnces, suffice. Despite the fact that the weleome rain had fallen and was falling and that the streets of the borough, not withstanding the heroic efforts of council lors to improve them were in a delightful state of mudl and slush-the meeting was largely attended. There was, indeed, inl meiiately in front of the stage a beggarly rrayof empty benches, or, more properly sFpeking, chairs. But every other part tie hall was full of Iurgrases and those who, whilst they had no vote, had evidently anintenseinterest in tile result of the clec tion and in its conduct. The light was a dim religious one, the managers of the hall apparently thinking-and not without warrant-that so much gas would be pro vided on the platformt and eo much light thrown on everything there that they could aflfrd to I. econtmical sithit the illuminant in the auditorium. The meeting would be prnouncedl by a connoissetr in antch things1 to be quiet, if not slow. There were no burning questions before the burgesses andl the attempt to revive certain ancient battle cries was conspicuously unsuccessful. There was the usual good natured badinage, but there was not much of it, and, it has to be cotanfessed, nothing very brilliant on the part of barrackers can be recorded. One can didate who appeared to have grown weary under a colleagne's eloquence, but'who ini reality with closed eyes was drinking in all that was being said, was bade to wake up, and when Mir. Culliver, the popular host of the Club Hotel, came fortward, ansther candidate noted for his staunch adherence to the principles of total ab stinence was invited to join him in a "bob in." The same candidate was asked on which side he parted his hair, and the chairman intimated that the somewhat im pertinent query would be answered if the questioner, like a man, came forward to the front of the hall to put it-but not other wise. The chair was occupied by the mtayr, Mr. Jas. Kenny, J.'., and of his enduet of the meeting it is impos sible to speak in terms of too high praise. Comnbiing the almarier in modo with the fortiter in re, he ruled with a rod of iron held in a hand of velvet. Too much of an Irishman to wish to spoil fun, or inu deed to allow fun to bn spoilt, he was also too appreciative of the importance of the occasion and of the dignity that shoulsi hedge round all the doings of a municipal councillor, or aspiring municipal councillor. to permit fun toldegenerato into rowrdyism, or even to so predominate as to put the setious business of the evening into the background. There can be no doubt of tile mayor's popularity. Every allusion to him was greeted with wild cheering, and his rising was always the signal for an out bhret of enthusiastic applause. Beyond question, if in Victoria, as in New Zealand and South Australia, the burgesses elected their mayor themselves, Cr. Kenny would be assured of another year of office. It is rumorted that the feeling of the burgesses is that of councillors also and will at the statutory meeting receive practical expres sion in an unanimous vote. That, however, remains to be seen, and it is always unwise to prophesy before the event--so many a slip is there between the cup anti the lip. The first candidate to address the meet ing was the veteran retiring councillor, Mr. F. Williarrs,ewho was happily introduced by the mayor, as the father of the council. Mr. Williams spoke at considerable length and put the financial position of the borough before the meeting with a clearness that showed that he has neglected no opportu nity of making himself acquainted with the facts and figures of the municipal position. The array of figures producedl was formuid able, but they were nade good use of. The story Mr. Williams had to tell-one not unfamiliar to the readers of the Times--was on the thole a favorable one. There was, of course, regretful reference to the heavy loan liabilities of the borough--the datsttnosa hereditas for which the burgesses have to thank the untrisdom of the local govern ment of the past. The interest on loans amonntcd to £625 a year, besides which £387 a year had to be paid to the Rlailway ]Department in discharge of tile tramiway rails liability. The last of these railway payments would, however, be maide that year. We will not attempt to follow Mr. Williams through with his figures. He was able to allow that this year the rates had been eplendidly collected, that sub stantial retrenchmnents had been effected oand that the valuations had been gre.ally reduced. It sas noticeable that a promise that thoseshould be still further teduced this year-a promise which by the way no councillor is capable of fulfilling and which, therefore, no counciltor or candidate should make-was ceoldly received by the meeting. The burgesses are evidently not sweaters, and Mr. W\illiams' outspoken declaration that tile salaries of the town clerk and engineer and gardens curator were too small and should be increased were warmly applauded, the town clerk coming in for the sympathetic interjection "Poor Crouch." In this connection Mr. Williams strayed into the regions of poetrylcomplaining withi a sympathetic inflectito of voice that whlilst the tall poppies (the late chief executive oticer) had been spared the poor little daisies (tilhe smallerofficial fry) had leenrithlesslycut a'.The affairs of theWaterTrastwere touched open and the action of the trust in contest ing the action brought against it by Mr. McCredden, and in which, it was contendeld, a large question of riparian rights was involved, wans defended. Bat few questions were put to this candidate,and none of themn of any moment. An elderly gentleman asked whether in the event of the town clerk leaving after his aalary had been increased Mr. Williams wouldgive him a bonis of a month's salary. This gentleman was promptly sat upon by the Mlayor, who said the question was a foolish one for a man of his years to put-; -it was indeed a piece of arranttnomfoolery. (Cheers.) Thecandidate, in answer to ir. TRwyeross, protiounced against the appointment of a borough solici tor. It may be said that this question was pat to all the candidates and ansnwered in the negative by all saue Mr. Powrer, who frankly avowed himself in favor of the appointment and defeinded it as wise aud necessary. Mr. -Power's answer wnas not the one that found most favor with the meeting, which was apparently.se shy of lnwyers as Sam Wellerwas aevised to be of "Viddere." A'question al to ihelaw cbsis charged to negligent ratepayers brought the Mayor to his feet. His Watship took the euntire responsibility of all that had been done in connection with rate collection, and, amidst cheers, invited anyone who was disstatisfied to call upon him at the Towsn Hallon the following day and receive a full explanation. A questioner who desired to know whether the candidate was favorable to the throwing open of the town common as met by thle Mayor's connter question as to whether he wished to farm rabbits. He tos informed that- thetqdsts!ifnhiid beCn detided is the negoative by raiepa~yers.u Sir. Tsyeroes ohijecteti to th'edaredit'that'h'a been given by Cr. Williams to the Mayor and council for the close collection of rates. The credit was due to the borgsses wheo,: like men- (an'd 'wdmena, a had; gone p tofthej Town Hall and paid their does. "If they did," said the Misyor, "it was.only,whaet they shoald have done, and,"'" ie' added igaificantly, "let me esy that I-forced many of them there." His Worship had scored, and was cheered. Cr. Arnott spoke briefly but effectively. Be claimed credit for the work he had dclone ama member of the gardens commtittee and was rewarded with a cheer whlen he referr ed to the improvements that had been effettedin the gardens and in the street tree planting. Showing some' Ilittl ihesit-: an.s he was advised to whistle an apparent ly tlliculteentence. Nothing dlaunted he tentoa.advocated the obtaining of road making material from Mt. Arapiles and dealt with the financial position' of the borough and the retrenchments that had been effected. He regretted the inc-rease that had been made in the water rate, isut biped that nexat year it would be brought back to the ls standard. " Oh Power will se to that," interjected one who had itidently been a student of a certaini card iss?ed. HIe claimed that te . yenta wos an 'umsficient tisse in which to imake oneself tRrapport with municipal matters : and admitted that he hal still a lot to learn, At the saume time he had done lfis beat for the town, 'ad if again returned would render it yet more efficient service. : . hMr.'Power spoke shortly but very effect. i-ely. There was, he said, no b,?rning question before tihe burgesses and he bad no special reason for his election to press. ii e regarded the position of a municipal councillor as an honorable one, and he was desirous of attaining to it. He urged qul-o unnecessarily it would seem--that there was nothing unseemly or inopportmne in his candidatulre. He felt that he conld do some good work in the council and r as anxious to have an epp6rtus'iityiof doing it.. He knew that the mnotires of his canidida ture had been, canvaesed and all manner oft motives aseribed to him. :(Mr. Perry at this stageoevinced.on anxiety to know what was tie candlidnte's ?"'little glne"). He repeated tlla' the.position, of, a, councillor was an honorable one, one to be sought afiter-andi therefore he soughit for it., To objectors of'the calibrc of tll.jitestioiine he hail no answier.. To all uch sinsiuations as had been made; his standing in the town anid that of thecgnctlenmen supporting him con'stituted a otifficientanowser. Ho thought he had some peculiar qualifi:ations for the position of a councillor. It.was-the business of his life to' l'o other' people'a business and so overpowering [This unconscious punn was greeted with great laughter] was the habit he had .contracted of doing other people's business that lie had conceived a desire to interfere in municipal aflairs. ITo enjoyed the confidence of 'a' grei. many of them individually, and he ventured to hope that collectively they ' would Ie prepiared to repose their confidentcein hii m also. 'He was no iconoclast or revolutionary; andl had to admit that of late years the afitirs of the borough had been excellently managed. He, however,: disagI-reed with the increaso of the water rate from Is to is 6d in the pound. TiLat ineretase had "been'isitade by the com nissioners at the instance of the Water Supply Department, hy the majesty of which they had been "overawed. He had been" there, knew all about it and could tell them that the Water Supply Departiment wr.s very 'small potatoes indeed and that it had altogether exceeded its rights .in re quiring the trust to strike a higher rate than it had deemed necessary.. iThe con ntitutents of the trust had the right to tax tlhemselves, and no State department was justified in attempting to interfere with the exercise of that right. He knew that the trust was in arrears with its payments to the Government, but he ridiculed the idea of the department taking a firm stand ind sending a receiver to the town to collect a rate sufficient to meet thle loan liabilities. Parliatncnt would not allow that to he done in thl' case of any partic-ilar 'trst and would certainly not allowv it to be done generally throughout the colody. Had he been in the trust when the question came utp.he would have strenuously opposed the higher rate and would, perhaps;- have supplied the backbone necessary to effectual resistance to the demands of the depart ment. It had been asked what he would do in the case of being called upon to take a case agaitst the borough or to advise in opposition to its interests. He onild pledge himself 'not to' take such work unless it were offered by a client who had claims upon him that lie could not refuse to recognise or was unfortunaitely of such magnitude that he could not afford to neglect it. In either of those events hie would resign his pos;tion in the conncils and swould' deposit with the town clerk aosum sufficient to cover the cst of the extra ordinary election. He would make time sufficient to carry out his diuties, if elected, but 'would endeavor in more senses than one to cut off the gas at the Town Hall,as he thought much time was wasted at'council meetings. In any case of legal'difficulty he would counsel the council to tike the advice of its solicitor. He defended the water commissioners for contesting the action brought against them by 'Mr. MeCredden, 'to have acquiesced in' whose claim 'would have involved :the trust in trouble with all property holders along the river. Replying to a question, he said he was in favor of planting the streets with ornamental trees, hut though it was a pity that trees with such fsr reaching roots as thie silver poplar should have been planted. He exp!ained how he had nurtured and tended the poplar opposite his own garden before he knew it was of such a travelling and rapacious character, until hlie had brought it to the stage at which its roots encroached upon and threatened to, destroy his grass plot. He was then compelled to insist upon the removal of the snake he had carefully nurtured. .Bicylists were dealt with tenderly. and the candidate pledged hiinself not to interfere with their'riding on footpaths until they gave cause of comeplaint by recklessness and negligence. Mr. Gullier, who spoke very' briefly, evidently caught out with the meeting. Ite pointed to his 17 years' residence in tihe town, which,with his reputable record, gave Iim, lie thought,a claim upon the burgesses. lie could not then give them any municipal facts or figures, but he would not he long in the council-to which he was sure Ihe was to he returned-before he kuiewall about them. He referred to the forecast of the Tintes contributor Ninmrod's Ghost, and entering into the spirit of his skit, ventured to say that lBrigadier would run ansd win a good race anid give such satisfaction to his bhack ers that at the close of three years he would be allowed to canter home over his course. He would not (this in answer to 'a question) allow a man to keep.any dogs that hIe did not pay for, and, knowing what a nuisance dogs were to stock, would certainly. not pledge himself to one man one dog free of registration. He thought (this also in reply to a questioner) that the council should os keep its books that it would be able to go into court 'and sue for the re covery of rates without the aid of a solici tor. (Cheers). At the suggestion of some oue in the meeting, Brigadier was not questioned further, but ias weighed in to an accompaniment of cheers. SThe meeting closed with a hearty vote ot thanks toth'e mayor, accorded oi the motlin of Mr. Culliver. 