LAUNCESTON CITY COUNCIL I There was a full attendance at tho Muni cipal Council yesterday, the Mayor (Alder, man M'Orackan) presiding. OFTICIAL BBPOBTB. the return of stock slaughtered and car oases inspected for the fortnight ending 17th July was as follows Slaughtered : Tas manian pigs, 43 ; ditto shef-p and lambs, 1268 { ditto cattle, 148 ; ditto calves, 6. Inspected : Tasmanian pigs, 260 ; ditto calves, 8. The superintendent of polioe reported for the fortnight : — Offenders arrested, 18? offences reported, 16 ; offenders proceeded against by Information, 11. ' The expenditure In the public reserves de partment for the fortnight was as follows : —Wages paid, mainteanoe, £18 10s 8d ; im provements, £10 6a 6d. In addition to tbe usual m&inteQanoe; work, levelling had com* mcnced at Albert Square. Thu fence en* closing reservoir reserve, Cataract Hill was almost completed, and a start to be made at onoe to prepare holes for tree-planting. The superintendent of waterworks re ported that 17 men had been employed during the fortnight, and £62 Is 6d paid as wages. Be pairs had been carried out In ?8 places In the city and 10 placcs In the subarbi. The superintendent had visited tho works at 6t. Patrick's River, and a fair start was made witb the concrete works, work proceeding very satisfactorily. The Iftte flwd hftd been high in Distillery Creek, but little damage was done. The city surveyor's return of works done and expenditure Incurred during the fort* night ended July 9 showed ^Streets gener* ally; scavenging, £48 18s Id ; ditto, general repairs, £22 9a 9d j Frederick-street, repairs, kerhing, etc., £1 2s 8d; Erina^treet, timber kerbiug, £8 lis lid. sewerage— Uonnangnc Crescent, brick sewer, £28 16s lid } St. John-street, branch sewer, £16 10s 8d ; Basin-road, oalverts, £2 IBs 7d ; Patterson Btrcet» replacing old barrel sewer with pipes, £2 19s 6d ; Elphin- road, metalling, £16 18s Id ; private works, other departments, £16 0s 8d. The city electrician reported that during the fortnight ended Jnly 16, 18 hands had beeu employed, and £48 6s 8d paid in wages. Nine premises, equal to 75 8-c-p. lamps, had been installed, the total to date being 4808, and seven aro lamps. The cost of wiring the various municipal buildings was as follows .'—Police station, £56 4s 4d ; Town Hall, £77 lfis ; waterworks yard and house, £22 19s 8d ; Sandhill polioe station, £16 10s Id ; Albert Hall, superintendent's residence, band stand, and fernery, £414 17s lid j market buildings, £6 7s lOd : Museum, £71 2s 8d ; abattoirs, £89 6s lid (the last three named not yet connected). LITTLE EBIKA-STBEET. Mr O. J* Orbell called attention to the 'highly dangerous state' of Little Srtna* street, occastoncd through tbe laying down of the water main, which, having cut up the ground over which the storm waters had run, had formed a rut deepened to a chasm behalf of himself and other residents, asked that repairs be immediately under* taken, or the street closed to traffic until these were effected. The city surveyor reported upon this letter that the hole complained of was underneath a gas pipe, and not a water pipe as stated, and as his instruceions were that the Council did no work on private streets unless they were properly formed under the Act be had done notbing to Little Krina Btreet. The gas engineer had been communi* cated with, and he would send to fill the hole as soon as possible.— The petition was referred to the public works com mittee. TBE GHOST. Miss Stewart, of Granville, wrote drawing attention to the unprotected state of Wind mill Hill and neighborhood in regard to police; This matter was rendered more urgent owing to the ' ghost ' rumors now in circulation. — The letter was referred to the police committee. APPEAL FOB SEDUCTION OF BATES. A petition was received from Mr A. C. Cowap asking that the charge of £19 per annum for water for his business as a manu facturer nf iterator! waters be reduccd to £18.— The petition was referred to the waterworks committee. BEPOBT TABLED. The report of the finance committee on a letter from the commissioners of the sinking fund established under the Town of Launceston Loans Consolidation Act, 1886, intimating that they are prepared to lend tbe Council the sum of £7400 at Si per cent, per annum, on the security of mortgages to be issued nnder tbe Launceston Sewerage Act, No. 6, 62 Vic., No. 22, was as follows The Town of Launcston Loans Consolidation Act, 1886, provides that all stuns to the credit of the sinking fund es tablished under it shall be invested as the Council may, with the approval of the Governor*ln*Oouncll, from time to time direct. The city treasurer reports that early next year there will fall due sewerage mort gages representing over £9000, at 6 per cent, aud that under the said fiewarage Act the Oonncll Is now empowered to borrow np to the sum offered, £7400. Your committee are of opinion tbat te take up the mortgages falling due it would be desirable to accept tbe money offered by the commissioners, and therefore recommend that subject to tbe approval of tho Govcrnor-in-Oouncll* Tbe Council direct the commissioners to invest tbo said sum of £7400 in Launceston sewer age mortgages, at 8i per cent, per annum for the term of— years. BEPOBTB CON8IDEBED. The report of the sewerage committee on sewer in ConnaughtCrescent, recommending that its construction be continued to the culvert at Laura street at a cost of £120, was adopted.. PAYMENT OF ACCOUNTS. Accounts totalling £1046 10s 6d were authorised for pa) ment. BEUOYAL OF OFFAL. A tender from Alfred Fry of 2s per load : for removal of offal for three years was acoepted. THE ELBCTBIO LIGHTING. IMprmon WtUnn mnvpri for lYifi following information and returns to June 80, 1896, vis.: —Tbe number of private dwellings, business premises, and municipal buildings installed with the clectric light by the Council, with Dumber of lamps aud candle power to each. The cost of installing cach of the municipal buildings, including cable from maiu and transformers ; also tbe cost of electroliers and lamps for cach building, with number of lamps and candle power. Tbe number of private dwellings, business premises, aud | others installed by private firms, with num ber of lamps and candle power That these returns be made quarterly. The estimated coat of tho Art Gallery and Museum installa tion, with olcctrolicrs and lamps, with reasons for suoh Installation. In estimates given by the Council aud private flrniB for installa tions has any chargc been made for any por tion of cables from maiu and transformers; if not why not ? The Mayor said tho city elcctrloian fur nished a report at every meeting giving for. In regard to tbe last item the practice was to allow ten yards of cable without any ebarge, and in no case was a consumer charged for anything outside his own pre mises. Alderman Sutton seconded Alderman Wilson's motion In the hope it would be withdrawn. Alderman Wilson was just like himBelf when he first camc into the Council.* He could get answers to all his questions by applying to the electric light committee without potting the department to a great deal of unnecessary clerical trouble. Alderman Pautoa suggested that the in formation should be asked for at the cud of the year. Alter fori neraiBCUBBion Ajaerman Darren and Alderman Wilson came to loggerheads on a jjoIul of order. Alderman Wilson said It was hard to say whether oou was in order or not according to Mr Barrott's railing. Alderman Barrett moved that Ihe words be taken down as a reflection on himself, and demanded an apology, moving to that effect. . After some waste of timo, Alderman Wilson, who had expressed his willingness to withdraw thu remark but not to apolo* gise, tbe motion of Alderman Barrett was acconded by Alderman Storrer aud carried. Alderman Wilson then apologised, and said ho did not mean -the expression offensively. Bo declined to accept the generqj reply of the Mavor to his lu&tion;, and demanded that specific answers be sup* I nlinrt l-v *hn xiiv nlftptriciftD. The motion was lost. I LAUN0K6T0N OOBrOEATIOK AOT. Aldprman Barrett moved, 11 That tbe Hon. the Attorney-General be requested to amend j the 7ih section of the ^Launceston Corpora tion Act, 1894, by addlog thereto the fol lowing words ' 1 Tho Council sball cause an abstract of the said accounts to be pnb* lished In some newspaper generally cir culating in the city, and a copy of such abstract shall be kept by the mnnlolpal clerk at the office ot the Council, and shall be open to be inspected by any c?e Utor or ratepayer during offioe boars.' ' He thought ratepayers should be able to see the dc-ai!s of accounts without being put to the trouble of calling at the Tdwn Hall or. referring to the Government tiatHte. Alderman Sutton seconded the motion pro forma , with the understanding that he was going to oppose it. He wished that the rate* payers should know as much of : municipal matters fcs possible, because tbe more they understood tbem the4ess they grumbled* Still tbey,oould not, except at great cost, publish the whole details of accounts, and an abstract oould always obtained from the city treasurer. There would be no re turn for such expenditure, and tbere were already full and free facilities open to the ritieens to understand everything in connec* tlon with municipal accounts; Alderman Fernli did not think the neces sity for publishing the details of accouats warranted the outlay, Alderman Storrer suggested as an amend ment that the Shatter shobld be dealt with by the finance committee. Alderman Jones seoonded the amendment. Aldermen Sadler and Wilson, on the grounds of eoonomy, objected to expenditure in the dlreotlon indloated. The motion was eventually withdrawn In favor of the amendment, which^was carried. NOTICE OF MOTION. ' Alderman Barrett gave notice to move, ' That any item in tbe municipal accounts objected to by tbe aldermen appointed to audit the said accounts be brought nnder the notloe of the finance committee preparatory to the accounts being submitted, in the ordinary course, to the Council.' Sitting as a LOCAL BOABD OF HEALTH The health officer reported having In spected a great number of premises in re gard to their sanitary surroundings, and repairs.. He recommended tbat a vendor of milk be' warned, his milk being deficient ln cream. 