WESLEYAN LOCAL PREACHERS’ ASSOCIATION. by Mr J. V. Kitchen. The quarterly meeting of the Wesleyan Local Preachers’ Association (Ballarat dis trict was held in the Barkly street Sunday school last night. At half-past 6 o’clock tea waR provided and partaken of by a large gathering of local preacher', their wives and friends, numb-ring about 150 persons. After tea a public m-eting was held, presided over by Mr R. Harvey, the president of the Balla rat section of the Local Preachers’ Associa tion. After singing a hymn, the Bev. Henry Salloway, of Scarsdale, engaged in prayer. The chairman then wel corned all the friends to the meeting, specially mentioning the Eevs. S. T. Witting ton, W. Burridge, H. Salloway, C. Tregear, and the officers of the Primitive Methodist Local Preachers’ Association. He was glad to see the other sections of Methodism repre sented, and thought that their presence might be taken as a sort of prophesy of the larger union of the various Methodist churches that seemed to bo coming. (Applause.) Mrs J. Jolly then sang with exquisite taste the sacred song entitled “ Heavenly Best.” The Rev. S. T. Withington was called on by the chairman to deliver his promised lec turotte, entitled “ Old lamps relit.” For more than half an hour the rev. gentleman discoursed on some of the aspects of early Methodism in the old country. Some in cidents in connection with the experience of some of the first Methodist preachers were given with thrilling effect, and sometimes to the accompaniment of great laughter. John Wesley, tho founder, humanly speaking, of the Methodist Church, was referred to as a matter of course, as also were John Nelson; tho eloquent stonemason, Silas Tole, who did work similar to that which afterwards ennobled the name of Howard, the philanthropist. Hodgson Casson, the eccentric and vivacious early Methodist preacher—very like unto the late Peter M’Kenzie. The Methodists of the pre sent day inherited glorious traditions; they were the children of a nobler ancestry. He prayed that they might be possessed by the same spirit which made their fathers so suc cessful, so that the success which attended their labors . might cheer and encourage the Methodist preachers of to-day. (Ap plause). If he had sufficient time ho would have liked to dwell npon tbe spiritnal life, the educational energy, and the efforts towards social amelioration made by tho early Methodists. In some of these aspects the Methodistism of the present day presented an illustration of “a'rrested _ de velopments.” There was a fatnre, glorious and blessed, for the Methodist Church if they, liko their fathers, were fully consecrated to their work and filled with tho Holy Ghost. (Applause.) Brief addresses were also delivered by the Rev. Henry Salloway, Mr W. H. Nettle, Mr Coltman, Mr Troon (the president of tho Primitive Methodist Local Preachers’Associa tion), Mr Moyle, and Mr W. James. Haring the evening the Bev. C. Tregear sang with capital effect, the well-known solo, " Throw ont the life-line;” Miss Campbell, daughter of the late Hon. James Campbell, playing the organ accompaniment. The passing of a comprehensive- vote of thanks, and prayer by tho Rev. W. Burridge, brought a very pleasant eveuing’s meeting to a close. The secretarial duties were ably carried onfc 