THE STOBYTEIJJeB The Haunted Hut. A Tale of the BacK Blocks. Bt P. H. C. Picture a small plain surrounded by lifeless - looking box-trees, covered with saltbueh roly polies and carious rouud red stones. In the centre of this plain stands the ruins of a two-roomed hut, ©f which little remains except the uprights and, at the end and side of one room, the remnants of two chimneys, one built of bark, the other of clay. Why two chimneys were needed in the same room excites the curiosity of the neighbours, but few of them care to investigate the matter, for the place has a bad name, and tales are told of a misty figure rising from the clay chimney, and floating away towards the river, aud of ghostly gamblers shuffling cards at a table of like un Bubstantial build. But, probably, the fiery fluids vended at a neighbouring pub are responsible for sending revellers past at a break-neck pace, to tell a tale, that swells and swells as it is repeated, till from one it rises to many ghosts, and the old hut is thronged with midnight gamblers. A good many years ago the hut was occupied by a man named Bill Hawkins, his son, and daughter. On the day, or rather evening, on which . our tale opens the sun was sinking behind the trees, and the sky was naming with one of our gorgeous, unpaintable, and awful sunsets, start ling in harmonious colours, glaring reds and blues, yellows and pink, blended by a master band into a glorious whole. Long shafts of light lay over the plain, glinting back from the red stones, and lighting up the bushes and the sombre box, making the scene almost pretty. Near the hut a diminutive lad astride a gaunt horse of gigantic proportions was vainly endea vouring to yard a mob of sheep that seemed determined not to go where they were wanted. They would go steadily for a minute, then dash aside and back, and, by the time the lad had turned his ungainly piece of horseflesh, were scattered in all directions. He was hindered more than helped by his sister, a lanky bush maiden, brown faced, brown eyed, brown haired, and clad in a rusty brown gown, evidently made for her grandmother, the said lady being of more massive build than her descendant. She stood helplessly trying to crack a stockwhip with a very much curtailed handle, and in making odd little dashes backwards and forwards ; but as her time was mainly taken up in disentangling the whip lash from around her neck or legs, she gave very little help. On the verandah a man lounged, shouting directions, which were taken no notice of, in most flowery language. Judging by the tremendous oaths, one would expect to see him spring up in a perfect frenzy, and demolish sheep, children, and all ; but he was not in the least angry— the oaths were only the relics of his bullock-punching days. Those much-abused animals are S3 constituted that a mild ' get up ' has no effect upon them, and seem only to understand strong language. A bogged bullock driver will cheerfully apply the whip, lash and butt, shovels, &c;, with every hope of success, while his flow of language is un interrupted, but when that fails—— But to return to our tale. The sheep were proving themselves masters of the situation, when, unfortunately for them, a traveller appeared on the scene of action, and with his assistance the refractory quadrupeds were yarded. He was rewarded for his kindness by a shy glance of thanks from a pair of soft brown eyes, and an invitation to ' stop and have some tucker ' from Bill Hawkins. ' You bet,' was the reply. The speaker was a dapper little-- man, differing from the ordinary bushman in that hie beard was neatly trimmed, his clothes well cut and put on tidily, not as you see men generally dressed in the bueh, who throw on their clothes with more speed than care, and which hang in such a loose manner that it is a wonder they do not drop off. As the ' tuckering ' proceeded, Bill asked the stranger if he'carod to do a day or two's work. ' Only too glad,' he answered, ' to have a change from everlasting tramping it.' A bargain was forthwith struck, and Jack, as we will call him, became an inmate of the hut, ranking1 a pretence of work during the day, and spending his evenings jn playing cards with the father, and mnferng love to the daughter. She, poor child, accustomed to the rough-and-ready bush style, was quite charmed by the somewhat polished manner of the stranger, taking all his careless speeches in deadly earnest. While the two men played, she would sit and watoh Jack with a dog-like devotion, more than content if he occasionally threw her a smile or glance, half pleased, half startled at the new emotion she. felt, her little wild heart waking from its childish slumbers to the sweetness of unqualified love, giving her heart's full ' measure and expecting nothing back. Her father either did not notice the turn things were taking, or was influenced . by sundry hints of land possessed ' inside.' At any rate, lie did not interfere. Six weeks went by, and stall, with one pretence and another, Jack stayed on. ? - : . . One morning 'when Molley and her toother ' awoke, they saw that the front room waafull of s, smoke, and on going into it they could see their ? father poking a. smouldering heap in the fire * place. ' Dad, what are you doing ? ' ifcey asked ; 'what is making the chimney smoke so f ' 'Hold your tongue,' was the savage reply, and he advanced towards them with threatening gestures. Frightened by bis unusual manner the children shrank back, for though a rough and rather quick-tempered man he was always kind, and displayed more -tenderness towards them than would be expected from such a rough diamond. ? ' * A timid inquiry of where the breakfast was to ,.- \» cooked elicited another, explosion of wrath/and a command to cookjt outside or .anywhere. At breakfast they noticed that Jack -was absent, but \- -iidtiot dare to ask why. Their fatheryliowever, 'ronchsafed ihe information that ne feafl looked ... - .j^ ~- .iK-jr- « -r - . - -?-?'-, him (Jack) out that morning, and a polite inti mation that they had better look out, or they 'would follow suit. All that day he sat gloomily watching the smouldering fire, which lie kept up by throwing on green logs. The next day -was spent in the same manner, and at night they heard him pass ing in and out, hammering and sawing, and when they rose in the morning they found he had 'walled up the fireplace. Their father told them that as the chimney smoked so much, it was no use, so he would build another. This he proceeded to do. For a day or two he worked away, then had to go for more bark, because the supply derived from the roof of the calf pen had failed. Molly and her brother breathed freely when he departed, with the proR pect of being absent all day, for in his present mood bis room was preferable to his company. No sooner was he gone -than his son said to* Molly, ' I wonder what male that chimney smoke so much all at once ? ' ' It used to smoke some,' replied Molly. ' Yes, but not so much. I'll pull out a piece of bark and have a look if there is anything up it. I can easily fix it up again before father comes back. ' Well I'm blowed,' he exclaimed, as he peered up, 'if there isn't a kangaipe stuck up it. How in the creation of cats did it get there ? It's a regular boomer, too. Gome and have a look, Molly ? ' She looked ; then with a terrified scream sprang into the middle of the floor, and sank, white and trembling, upon it. 'What is the matter?', her brother asked. ' You are a cake to get scared like that,' and he laughed merrily. But when he saw his sister still white and trembling he got frightened. ' Molly, Molly, what's up ; can't you speak ? Don't looklike that, Molly ; get up.' He shook her by the shoulders, but she only moaned. ' You're sick ; I'll go for dad.' ' No, no,' she gasped, holding1 out her hands as though to ward something off. But the lad was already out of hearing. Not having noticed the direction hie. father had gone, he waa some time before he could find him. Nearly knocked up with running, he could scarcely speak when he at length found him. ' Molly's sick,' he panted. ' Go home.' ' Sick ! What's wrong f She was well enough when I left,' he said aloud. Inwardly he thought ' she's been fretting herself sick after that infernal scoundrel,' for he had not been blind to Molly's reddened eyelids and woe-begone face during the days that had passed since Jack's disappearance. ' She saw the kangaroo and screeched and fell down on the floor.' ' ' What kangaroo ? M 'The one up the chimney, and ? :' The rest of the sentence was uttered to empty air, for his father was tearing over the ground in a frantic manner, calling his daughter's name. There waa no answer, and when he reached the hut it was empty. Search as he would, outside and in, there was no trace of Molly. ' Where can Bhe have got to ? '* he muttered. Suddenly it flashed across his mindt ' the river ! She must have gone there.' He startel for the river, not running now, but dragging bis limbs like some wounded animal, filled with a dreadful fear ; a fear, alas, that was soon to become a certainty, for there, in the river, her dress entangled among the limbs of a fallen tree, floated the poor little study in brown. Passing over a few years we come to the next and last scene of our tale. The place is the ward of a city hospital, the time is Christmas eve. The Rev. T. Moore has been summoned to attend the deathbed of an inmate. He came rather impatiently, with a half expreseed wish that the man had selected a more convenient time in which to ' shuffle off this mortal coil.' Bat his irritation vanished as he bent over the bed, for- though the face he looked on was worn and emaciated and marred by traces of drink, the majesty of Death was there, and the sufferer looked up pitifully, pleadingly, as though string for some comfort, some help through the gathering shadows of the vale of darkness. After the customary chapter and prayer Mr. Moore spoke a few words of comfort and cheer, and asked the man if he wished to send any mes sages to friends or relatives. ' No,' was the weak answer. ' Are you married, have you a family, sons or daughters?' The rick man started up excitedly. ' Parson, why do you alk me that P Do you know?' ' Hush, you will do yourself harm. I never even heard of you before to-night, so can know nothing about you.' The chance question had evidently awakened some painful memory, for he raved and tossed about, and it was only by the aid of a soothing draught, administered by the matron, that he was reduced to any degree of calmness, Mr. Moore turned to leave the room, when a feeble voice arrested him. ... : ' Parson, don't go. I want to tell you some, thing. ? Come close,' closer ; sit on the bed beside m' ' As Mr. Moore complied with the request he said be would listen provided the man did -not ex&jfee; .' himself again. '.?'** ? - ' ? ' I will be quiet, parson ; it drove me wild when you asked me if I had sons and daughters. I had a daughter once — a dear little girl — and a eon too. I loved them both, but my Molly best. My girl, my little girl.' Heoommqnced to rave again, but the minister's quiet voice and gentle touch soothed him, and in calmer tones he went on. *- The three of nslived on a selection in the back blockB, as happy as could be, till one day a travel ler came along and I took him in and gave him a job. He stayed a good while. I saw my girl was getting fondof himjbutldidnot-mind.ifor I, too, had been young, and had married her mother when ehe was quite as young.' Besidee, I was ngt doing too well on the selection, and as the Btranger made out that he was fairly well off I thought it would be a good thing if she were comfortably settled. Wdl, one night, «jjwe sat - playing cards, Jack lost over and over again, and I made a joking remark about being unlucky at cards lucky in love. ' ' By-the-way,' said I, ' how about the wed ding ; when is it to be ?' ' * Wedding, what wedding ? ' ' ' Now none of your gammon/ says I, * yours, of course. ArenM; you and my girl going to get spliced ? ' ' ' Not if I know it ; one wife's enough for ma, ? and Fve one already. Besides, your girl's right enough for the back blocks, but you wouldn't catch me carting her to Sydney. The way she dresses, for one thing, would waV« a cat laugh.' ' I was getting madder and madder as he spoke, but he did not seem to notice, and went on calmly shuffling the cards. ' ' Tell you what I'll do,' he says, ' I won't marry her, but I'll play you for the girL' ' Those were the last words he ever spoke, for I sprang at his throat, knocked him back to the floor, and with hands and knees crashed the Hie out of him. So mad with rage was I that after he had ceased to breathe I kicked and trampled upon his body. After I cooled down a bit I re membered that I would have to get rid of the re mains somehow or other ; but now, when I was not in a rage, I could not bring myself to touch the ghastly thing. Before t could make up my mind to carry it out the day was breaking, and , soon the youngsters would be getting up. Some thing must be done. I could not dig a grave till night, and if I hid the body outside it might be discovered. At last the thought struck mo that I ? would put it up the chimney. No time was to be lost, so I caught hold of the feet, and by dint of much tugging and pushing hoisted it up on the beam that ran across the middle of the chimney. I had just finished burning his swag when the kids came out full of questions about the smoke. I flew at jthem and nearly scared the wits out of them to keep them from poking and prying about. All that day I kept the fire going, partly to keep the children away and partly because I thought the body would be easier to handle if it had a good smoking. ' That night I fell asleep and did not wake till the morning. * As the next day went on I felt less .and less inclined for the job. It's one thing to kill a man when you're mad with rage and quite another to cart him round afterwards, but, parson, don't you think — ' ' I think,' interrupted Mr. Moore, ' you have talked quite enough. You are getting weaker with the exertion of speaking. Keep the rest of your tale for another time.' ' No, I will finiBh now, for there'll be no * another time ' for me, and I shall have plenty of rest soon. ?' Well, at last I came to the conclusion that I would let it sweat where it was, wall up the chimney, and build another, making the excuse that as it smoked so badly it was no use. All went well for a while, till one day that young shaver pf mine must needs to peep ap the chim ney, and called his sister to look too. She must have guessed at once what was there, and it broke her heart, so she went and threw herself into the river. Yes, parson, when I came back I found her lying there, dead, for the love of the villain I killed. For her sake I became a murderer, yet she hated me. I knew by the look in her dead eyes she hated me for robbing her of her lover. Oh, those eyes, those eyes. They have followed me ever since.' The fierce excitement so long held in check was breaking out again, and the dying man raised himself upon one elbow. ' Look,' he cried, ' don't you see them ? All day long I see them,- and at night they peer out of the darkness at me. They've driven me to drink, and they'll kill me or drive me mad. Mad, mad.' With a strength born of delirium he sprang iip, and it was all Mr. Moore and the at tendants could do to prevent him throwing him self from the bed as he raved and struggled ; but at length his struggles ceased;- the convulsed limbs straightened and stiffened, the staring eyes . closed, a shudder passed through ihe wasted form, then all was still. Death had claimed the third 