One Thing and Another. Light rain. Uncomfortably closo. Talk of giving ex-Cr Snell a " benefit." Echuca ladies ai e milking good progress in cycling, They may ba oxpected to appear fearlessly in public shortly. Just about 1000 applications have been made to the Lands Department for seed wheat. The post-master at Bye, named Mitchell, fell dead in the witnoss box at Sorrento police court, just after being sworn. - The conference of the Australian Natives' Association is being held at Dayleaford. Of course Purves, Q.O., was full of federation, The water famine lit Birchip has reached such an acute stage that water haa to be carted In Government trains for the 'resi dents. The Rev D Allen, at the Sydney Presby.. terian Assembly, desoribed teetotallers generally as " Grabbed, cranky and miser able." Applications for tho position of veterinary inspector to the Government are shortly to be called. Candidates must not be in the Public Service. A conference of Ministers of Agriculture of the different colonies is sucgested to con sider the export trade. A lot of good can be done In this way. A commercial traveller named Albert Inglebnrt has been fined £15 and costs at Ballarat for using a gold pass purchased from tho person it was issued to. At Melbourne pentridge a score of convicts refused to eat the bread becauso it was sour, and the cause of complaint was remedied. It's a wonder tho ghosts of the convicts of early days do not rise up at this. Mr Bird, the eccentric J.P., who Is con cerned in tho Lormer ohargos, gives this advice to his fellow magistrates:—"Be amenable to reason and open to conviction, avoid a woman with a vicious, sulky eye, and when an Aspasia attempts to decoy a young girl to her ruin, protect tho helpless one." Sewerage shafts pro doited over Mel bourne, and the other night, at il'ootseray, two men and a buggy and horso fell 15 feet down one of the holes. The buggy was smashed, but tho men miraclously escaped unhurt. The Rev. Dr. Ueikio, at the Presbyterian General Assembly in Sydney, said that all over the colonies men wero poisoned, not by drink, but the stuff thnt wont under thd name of liquor. However, tho N.S.W. Par linmont was not a body ho would go to with a solieme to put down drunkenness. Though nearly 100 peoplo made npplioa tion for seed wheat only 52 appeared before tho Board, at fiohuca and all the applicants, except two, wero promised various quantities, a large proportion receiving enough to sow about 15 acres. The Australian Eleven's share of tho Sydney tost matoh is £1,117. Prominont crioketers state that " Jack " Harry is alinos^ certain to go homo if he insists. But how pleasantly George Giffen will smile on him if ho displaces Hill. 