THE UNFATHOMABLE. TOLD BY A DEEP-SEA ENGINEER, "Hullo, Logan ! glad to see you've picked up. Here's Mr. Danvers; he's fond of paying us a visit down here." I had just got into the engine-room of the Ocean Monarch, bound as usual for Cape Town. I was the second engineer, and had come aboard a week ago scarcely recovered from a low fever. This was my first appear ance, and the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr. Danvers, one of the passen gers with whom I had made great friends, smiled. "Sea air does wonders;" said he. "I sup pose I liad better depart 111 peace, as you, too, will have plenty to do." "Oh, no hurry!" said Paterson. "You know wo si i i pped some fresh stokers, Logan ?" Yes—two," I answered; " how do you find them?" " I have had no complaints." I opened the door of the stokehole and looked in. Danvers put his liead in behind mo. He always said the great red eye of the fire had a fascination for him. The furnace door was open, and one of the men was flinging on coals. The hot glare of light, fell on him as he moved backward and forward. He looked weird—terrible, I turned back hastily to Paterson. " Who is the third man?" I said. " Third man? What do you mean? What's the matter, Logan; you are quite white?" "There are only two men," said Danvers, following me back into tho engine- room. Wo heard the clang-to of the furnace-door. I looked from one to the other. I felt scared, I suppose I showed the feeling, for both men seemed concerned. "Three?" I Baid, in a curiously questioning voice, as if I were not sure of what I had seen. " Thompson"—that was the stoker who had been with us for years—"and tho new men— I don't know their faces." "You'd better go to the doctor again," said Paterson. " I was in there five minutes before you came; there were only Thompson and Holker, one of the new hands, there, and nobody has gone in since." "You sec double, Logan," said Danvors, smiling. I was silent. Nothing could have been easier than to return to the stokehole and there and then settle the matter, but I had a sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange red figure, and preferred dropping tho dispute. Thinking over it later it seemed probable that the others were right. The fierce light might produce, all manner of effects, and the third man had certainly looked shadowy enough to bo only an optical delusion. But the second time I saw Holker was in broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers' cabins, and agaiu there seemed some one behind him—another man; a filmy shape, and yet distinct. I felt paralysed. There was nothing remarkable about the stoker. He was a quiet man, rather " close" with his mates, and therefore not much liked; but we engi neers found him a good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging about me; yet I felt strong and well, slept, soundly, and ate as only a convalescent can. I took to watching Holker, although I had a horribly nervous feeling a)wit him. I asked Paterson and the third engineer if they saw anything odd about the man. Nothing at all, they said. Could'nt they see, I thought, that something always l>ehind the stoker that wasn't a like ness of him? Whenever I saw him, I saw it, too—in tho Jurid glare of tho fire, about the lower deck and passages, in the fresh sunshiny air — always that other man, like some haunting fate. Was I mad, or was every one else blind? "Danvers," I said one night, as he and I wore walking the deck smoking, "do you believe in uncanny things?" " Do you mean ghosts ?" " Not, exactly. I wish you'd lot me tell you something; only don't laugh at me." " Not for worlds. I am not an entire unbeliever, and I know you have very devout beliefs in these things," said Danvers. "Thanks. It is about this Holkcr. Do you remember wheii.I first Caw tin! I tola Paterson there wore three men." "Yes." "There were three ■figures! uGod knows whether the third was a maul I said m a trembling voice, "It is no fancy—I have proved it to be none. I am not UL My nerves are not unhinged i they ore steady as yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape "What you Scotch call a 'wraith,"'said Danvers; "a warning of his death." A "wraith" is a likeness of the person warned. This shadowy form is not in too least like Holkcr. " What does it mean? I sgid, pausing by his side, There was a sort of despair in my heart. " Why do I alono see it? Is thorp something for mo to do, and I do not know what?" I could feel that Danvers was sympathetic, though-he was silent. "It is very strange, he said, thoughtfully. "It maybe that you alone are a ghost-seer. I have read that some people never can see anything." You do not doubt me, then?" " I hardly know what to say.' Call you de scribe this appearance?" T. . " It is clear as day, though misty, it is a young man's face. He has a white transparent complexion, like a person in bad health; tlon aristocratic features; the fair haw falls in curls over the forehead; the eyes^ore brown womanish eyes, soft and wistful t I paused suddenly. I had been talking as lr to myself, hardly noticing Danvers; but an exclamation from him cheeked mo. To my surprise, lie had turned pale. . " Should you knoiv the face? he said, m ft hurried way. "You mean in a picture? "Yes." "Gome to my cabin," said Danvers. We went below quickly, and when we reached liis cabin he fastened the door. He seemed excited. He unlocked a desk that he took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My blood turned to icc as i looked. I could not speak, nor even utter ft sound. There was the face I had just described! > " I see you recognise it," said Danvers. Ho sat down and covered 1 lis face, and I la,iu the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated. I felt curiously calm. "Something you were to do! said Danvers at Inst. " You'have done it!" " How! I have done nothing. " You have told me." " Told you? Yes, because I could no longer endure silence. What then?" " I'll tell you—and you must help me. 1 am not travelling for pleasure——" " I knew that," I said, a little dryly. "Ahl You are quick, but you kept your counsel, so it didn't matter, I am a detec tive." . , , . "What!" I said springing up; my heart was beating wildly. "Ilush! Sit down again. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain information that he had escaped to Africa some weeks ago. He is wot there ho is herel" . . " Holkcr, the stoker 1" I whispered. I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quickly re gained sometliing of his professional quiefeudo. " That face," lie said pointing to the photo graph, " is the likeness of Mr. Louis Temple— a young man of means, and an invalid who was murdered by his man-servant. Perhaps you have hoard.' , " No; I was ill—I heard nothing.' "The man was a trusted servant, half-nurse. The murder—a peculiarly horrible one, on a defenceless man—was committed evi dently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil in Holkcr b chest# Tho murderer escaped, but wo have evidence that will surely hang nim. Now do you see how great a service you have unconsciously done? But for this strange interposition tliO murdered roan would probably never have been avenged. Our false information would have misled us, and while we wasted time m rectifying it Holker would very likely have been lost to us altogether." " I see," was all I could say, " Now I. have my band on him, said tho detective. 11 Ho in, of course, diflgruisod. 1 will arrange a plan, in which I shall need your help to strip him of his disguise. I will arrost him, and he and I will be put ashoro at the first port we touch at and return to ^'^Claim my entire services," I said. "I can hardly yet believe I am m my right senses. Why was I, who knew nothing of the circumstances—who was ignorant of the existence of this Louis Temple why was I chosen to bring this horrible crime to light? "Ah! there wo get into tho unfathom able," said the detective, "beyond me, and beyond wiser and bettor people than I. I don't sec how one can get over the foots— which is all wo have to do with." . _ That, argument did not satisfy me, though I knew I never could get beyond it. Tho strange, the awful things was that the next timo I saw Holker the shadow was gone. Wo made our plans, and I soon saw how necessary my aid was. I was thrown much more across the stoker than Danvers was, and the initial movement was to drug the man, to get him into my cabin under pretence that he was ill, and there satisfy ourselves of his make up. I shall never forget tho grim debght of - the detective when this plan succeeded, and the wretched criminal was revealed in the in sensible man before us. That was his last hour of freedom. He camo to, to find himself the prisoner of the quiet passenger, Mr. Danvers. It was a terrible scene. The man could not understand how ho had been discovered wlicn the detective said be himself had not made the discovery. In the midst of the wretch's frightful ravings we learned that he had purposely missed the ship he had been reported to have sailed in, ana had fastened on the Ocean Monarch. In his chest were found jewels, plate, money—all identified as the missing property of tlie un fortunate Mr. Temple. There was horror from stem to stern when it was known that we had a murderer on board. Sailors are superstitious on this point \- and justly so. I think no one Irreathed freely till Holker (that wasn't his real name, by-thc-fcy) had l>e.cn removed from our ship. I, myself, was the sensation of the hour, but I tried to avoid curious questioners. There was something too awesome to me in the mystery to allow me to discuss it with every idle tattler. Was what I saw the spirit of the murdered man, silently crying for vengeance? I de voutly believe it was. But the question 1 bad put to the detective remains unanswered why was I made to play this part? The story got into the papers, and I was in terviewed by more scientific men of all nation alities than I can remember now. It is years ami. The detective is dead, the Ocean Monarch is running her last trip. So ail things come and go. And it s time I went boJow and looked after my engines. -h♦ Lam' jcun in rauhcc maac. 