Le?PsnNTr 8 ,AND VIsICsEs. Apart from some strong, serviceable farming imp.?lne nts manufactured by Mr. T. Wilson, of Ortton, which were highlyspokenon, Messrs. Odbb and Foote were the principal exhibitors i- the implement section. Amongst their exhibits was a Hornsby Akroyed cil engine, which was in motion during the day. It was an object of much interest, and numerous inquiries were made respecting its capability. A collection of dairy utensils was shown by Messrs. Hargreaves and Co., of Ipswich, which naturally had an attraction for many. Messrs. Johnsonand Blroughton,o[ Ipswich,who are con sistent exhibitors at these alshows, obtained two first prizes, one for a well-finished'round-back canoe-front turn-out seat buggy, set on equal:s ing rods, and painted of a chocolate colour with trimmings to match; and the other for a com fortable lady's phbron, with seat in front. The firm also exhibited a square turn-out seat buggy which they had previously sold. Mr. A. E. Roberts also obtained prizes for a four-wheeled dog cart and a handsoine buggy, with a remov able seat. Lerr STOCK. Taken on the whole, the exhibits in the live stock sections, after excepting the pigs, a couple of bulls in the cattle department-Mr. John Cook's Tauriss and Mr. R. J. Blake's Pilot and a few horses-Champion, Corsican, and Young Duke-were not what one would expect to see in a district like the Lockyer. The judges in the cattle section were very much disappointed with the beasts which they were asked to adjudicate upon, whilst in the horse scetion, after allowing for the exceptions men tioned, there was not much in the blood classes to call for comment. One or two blood mares had fairly good breeding,but were rathler rough. TUonnoa's CONTESTS. The fence enclosing the area where the vari ous horse contests were decided on Thursday, was surrounded by a crowd of people throughout the day, and more particularly in the after noon, when the jumping was proceeding. The following horses were entered for the Hun ters' Jump, lft. Gin. or over, 12st. up: E. E. Lowe's Jumbo, A. B. Scott's Grenadier, M. Mullin's P'olish, S. Watson's Sultan, and T. O'Brien's Audax. Jumborefused to attempt to clear the first hurdle, and was therefore drafted out, but the others successfully negotiated the three obstacles. At 4ft. 1lin. Grenadier was the only horse to clear the three hurdles with ease, and he was awarded the first prize. Sul tan and Polish were sent again for the second prize, when both touched one of the hurdles, but on another attempt, Sultan succeeded in getting over the three without moving any of them, which Polish failed to do, and Sultan was therefore given the red ribbon. In the Maiden Jumping contest, Mr. ,i. Mullln's Beeswing appropriated the blue, and Mr. M. Burke's Ballyholley the red ribbon. The other competing horses were Mr. E. E. Lowe's Jumbo, Mr. 8. Watson's Echo, and Mr. T. Maroney's Snip. The Pony Jump was won by Mr. F. Plannigan's Mayflower, Mr. S. Watson's Echo coming second. Mr. J. &A.; Meehan's Darling and Mr. P. Beynold's Bosette also competed. The tent-pegging was a very interesting event, and several of the competitors showed great ekill in striking and lifting the peg from the ground. Bergeant J. Bailey, of the Gatton Mounted Infantry, secored first prize. Privates W. Devitt and G. Calligan tied for second hononrs, and Captain W. D. Armstrong donated an additional 10s. 6d., so that each competitor received the full value of the second price. The two contestants tied on repeated attempts, and at last the peg was placed edge way on, which only gave a face an inch wide to strike at, but even then both men gained equal marks, each of them striking the peg. The emoencnutting contest was won byPri vate G. Calligan, of the Gatton Mounted Infan try, the second prize being awarded to Sergeant Major Breydon, No. 2 D.D.M.L The last named also appropriated the prize for the cleanest and best turn-out. Three privates of the Gation Mounted Infantry also entered, but they were disqualified for not appearing in review order. It may be mentioned that Captain W. T. Deacon, of the Ipswich Mounted Infantry, acted as judge of the military events. TaE Orncrus. The officials of the society are to be congratu. lated upon the successful outcome of their efforts. In a large measure the very gratifying success of the show was due to the indefatigable eoretary, Mr. J. Fielding, who, although be was kept extremely busy, was most courteone and obliging. BEMoanmER OF THE PsEz.EIcT. The following are the awards made on Thurs day: Sercee L-Esoseco, Gentleman's back, to be ridden on the ground to be adapted to and to carry not less than 12st. -B. Breydon's Doctor, 1; A. B. Scott's Gun shot, 2 Gentleman's hack, to be ridden on the ground; to be adapted to and to carry not less than 10st.-8. Watson's Adella, 1; J. Mahon's Hero, 2 Lady's back, to be ridden by a lady-S. Watson's Sultan, 1; A. S. Smith's grey horse, 2 Pair of hacks, to be ridden by gentleman and lady--S. Watson's Sultan and Adella Most graceful lady rider-Miss Watson Best walking hbackney-W. Kent's The Ghost, 1; J. A. Meehan's Darling, 2. HU?TEen ahD PON'Y JUELPERs. Hunter, to jump 8ft. tin. or over, 12st. up A. H. Seott's Grenadier, 1; 8. Watson's Sultan, 2 Maiden jumpers at the show, to carry not less than 10et.-M. Mullin's Beeswing, 1; M. Burke's Ballyholley, 2 Pony jumper, 14 hands and under, catch weights-F. Flanagan's Mayflower, 1; 8. Watson's Echo, 2 Pole pony, to be tried on the ground-W. A. Philp's Cobby, 1; 8. Watson's Echo, 2. TROTTERS. Trotting horse or mare, in saddle, 10st. up B. Breydon's Doctor, 1; J. Pitt's Cabin Boy, 2 Spring-cart horse or mare, to be tried on the ground-Tenthill Estate, roan gelding, 1; J. A. Meehan's Darling, 2 Buggy horse, mare, or gelding, to be driven on the ground-J. F. Wilkin's Bernard, 1; J. Mahon's Hero, 2 Fastest trotter-W. A. Philp's Rocket. PON·IES. Entire pony, under 14 hands--B. J. Willok's Tommy Mare or gelding, under 14 hands-T. W. Hardy's Sunbeam Mare or gelding, under 12 hands-T. N'. Woodgate'sOpossum, 1; W. A. Philp's litty, 2. MISCELLANaEOUS. Pair plough horses, in harness-M. Donohue, 1; Burgess Bros., 2 Pair German waggon horses-F. Manteufel Buggy pair, to be driven on the ground Darling Downs Land Company Pair buggy ponies, 14 hands and under, to be driven on the ground--W. A. Philp,.1; T. N. Woodgate, 2. 