MOAT i CRfiFT \- ioR, : V.-' TfiEGHOStF A cilife. ;; 'a By A. I!, HPOPBB.; - . . v i chapter/...- A STORlrY CHRISTMAS TVE. It was a flve-nULe rlde i;QSi!5okt'HtfU from the nearest station iind'wlt|i:riie «now lying thickly on the ground and the wind blowing boisterously, it seemed double that distance, had looked forward: to a brfefciop along the frost-hardened -ixMui.-aud had.Iioped to reach the Hall before the usual fun of Christmas Eye commenced but 1$ liad been snowing heavily si I flay, and by the time I alighted at the little junc tion, all the roadsenflthe -aurroundlng country were blotted from.sigljt and on mounting the only 'horse procurable at the Station Inh;3. "found that the snow svas above the beast's fetlocks. There was nothing for It but to make the best of the disappointment ;-so, pull ing the lappets of my fur -travelling-cap well down over my ears, and turning UP my coat-collar, I bent my head to the almost blinding blast, and spurred my horse Into a canter. It was not long before 1 discovered that I was mounted upon a knock-kneed, broken-winded steed', whose frequent stumblings and hoarse gaspings added to the misery of my almost frozen hands and the razor like sharpness of the wind: »; ; Power of endurance is, after all, very much a matter of habit. I knew very well that a farmer, a shepherd, or a sailor, used to being weather-beaten, would have laughed at- the discomfort I felt during that evening ride. But I -was a city man, ..in. the habit ot getting into a cab whenever ttye weather did- not suit me. and the desolation and loneli ness of this tract of snow -cohered country increased tenfold the un- . pleasantness of the wind and the snow. 1 consoled myself with the reflection that on 'Change or In a crowded Londou thoroughfare I could give points to the farmer, the shepherd, or the sailor, and beat them all easily. Cowards for the most part are those who have not been trained to courage. I kept up my heart for a time by anti cipations of the comfort awaiting me at the end of my ride. I had been a Christmas guest at Silcoat Hall for the last three years, and I knew what to expect. There would be'the old, silver- haired squire himself, stout, florid, and genial— the very soul of hospitality: and his lady, a gentlewoman of the old school, with her fine old face beaming welcome, her antique dignity and cour tesy. serving as an admirable foil to. the bluff frankness of the master of the house. Then I should meet Tom Sil coat, my special chum since the Win chester days, and together we should light again our 'Varsity battles, which seemed to belong to such ancient his tory, though the last of them was scarcely two years old. Besides these, there would be the girls, and the married brothers and sisters, the uncles and aunts, and hosts of grand-children, who always gathered together at Silcoat at this season of the year. Yes, it would be a glad meeting, and a "merry Christmas," ' well worth this miserable ride. I pictured to myself the great oak-panelled hall, gleaming with the light of hundreds of candles, the roar ing Tule log, the wreaths of 'shining holly, the grim portraits of Silcoats dead and gone, and the stands of armour worn and borne by the soldiers of the family; and. as fhe picture rose vividly before me, I spurred my horse into a quickerjjace. - It was a thoughtless, not to say a brutal, act, and I suffered for it. The poor beast, more willing than capable, broke into an awkward gallop, sighing like a blacksmith's bellows, and then, quite suddenly, he stumbled and pitched forward upon his knees, flinging me far over his head into a deep drift of snow. Thankful for the first time for the snow, which had given me a soft fall, and saved my bones, I scrambled to my feet, and proceeded to help up my sorry steed. He had fallen lame, and as he stood in the middle of the road, panting and trembling in every limb, I cursed my folly in refusing Tom Silcoat's offer to meet me with horses. Being uncer tain of niy time for leaving town, I had made up my mind to trust to my own feet or to the chance of finding a horse at the Station Inn: and here I was, two miles from the station and three from Silcoat. nearly up to my knees in snow, shivering at every fresh blast of the 1cy wind, and burdened with a disabled horse. Two things were clear to me. I could not leave the poor beast to its fate, and I would not go back to the inn. So I seized the bridle, and walked onwards at a slow pace, with my asthmatical steed sighing and limping along beside me. How long I had . been plodding along I do not know, but probably I had not covered more than half a mile when 1 caught sight of a light twinkling ahead <of me. I then remembered to have no ticed, on former visits, that there was a little roadside inn, midway between the junction and Silcoat Hall; and the thought of being near to any place of shelter. pttf fresh life into me. and I strode forward as qucikly as my lame horse could go. Ten minutes later I halted in the midst of the stream of yellow light which flow ed across the road from the uncurtained windows of the inn parlor. A : shout brought an ostler to the door, and when I had given directions for the care of my horse, and had seen him led away to the stable, I went into the bar of the Travellers' Rest. I .CHAPTER II.— THE STORY- OF A CRIME. "There w&s; a targe and rather noisy party gathered In the cosy little inn par- lorvand a' "place was quickly found for me near the ;fire. I was glad to fling off my coat and cap, and stretch my stiff limbs out before the blaze; and, after exchanging a few words with the land lord about the weather, I settled myself flown Intp'a corner to enjoy half an liour's rest before proceeding on my journey.; There bad, been a lull in the conver sation and laughter as X entered, but the party sooij grew used to my presence, and the talk began again. "Tou wasfsaylng as jiow you seed a light in the . window o' the, Moat. Croft, Bob," said a stout solemn-faced man; tapplng. bis' pipe against a bar of the .grate. - ' The eyes of all- present were turned towards. , young, man who sat just in- ' side /the, door/ He was a lanky, loose- jolnted "ybuth, with a pale face and a -pair of;. "vacant-looking eyes, which . shifted thelraze from face to face be- tfore thelf«i>'ner jmswpred. r 'Well, eigfcbpr," said be, at last, in, aHbta;6&y; Jvoice;!an It's" true, 4s " Tm ready ifbtaJce my /Bible bath on It: : ' vAn'il d6tft%nbw as It'stso atrange,- af- jternlL, seeing- sS.it was the. hfe&LCroft;, an' seeing as 3 t wasn Christmas Eye!" "No, up; BobLs rg ' murmured soy- i ''' 1: -el|llis,Bw/jdlddUgo an f asked 'the stout' iv'4aaii ' V:\ his forea to wander ta&netit;, i and -toibear wfcon his "MgSSsplSllSj /'tey v/-'- H . , i yfig&Ji;'BtfPftyou'Jl Jet ine J mjms» >t ei& them smiled, with the exception of the stout man. Hc shiCted uneasily on his seat, and took, a deep pull at his steam ing glass. „ seemed to feel that he had scored anoint, and he fastened ito followAip sdvantage? - i Christmas Eve, lyiou kbimy .Jacob, ".lie /. said— "he night of tie murder! you-remember. Won't you just: akqta lonely walk to the 4foat Crbft,. nVxpme.backrhn' tell us what you .see/? - v-Again there was a laugh at the stout tnan's expense, and It seemed to Irritate him. for he -tapped his pipe so hard against the grate' that he broke Its stem. < ' "X bnly asked a civil question," he cried ah" aggrieved woice. "Tou needn't take it so sarcastic-like Bob." - — > VWell, no more, I needn't, Jacob," Te- turned Bob, who was apparently satls- fifiwith the impression he had made, and was Inclined to be magnanimous. "An i'll just tell you that I didn't look iuto the windows of the Moat Croft last Christmas Eve. When I seed that there Hghb— aif it was a bluish light .as I seed— I come away as fast as I could: an' dpn'i believe there's a man. here to night as wouldn't 'ave done the same." An inarticulate murmur of sympathe tic- assent passed round the room, ahd I then Jacob Meadows made his peace v.itl) Bob by asking him to drink some thing hot and strong at his expense.' The' landlord of the Travellers' Rest was -attending to the orders of his guests/ and as he passed mo with J&- cbl/settlled glass I took' the opportu nity 4>f asking him if he could furnish the with a guide to Silcoat Hall. A sudden hush fell upon the company at the sound of my question, and every body kept silence while the landlord answered It- "-It's 9 teniblo rough night, -sir," said he, "an U's a good five miles round to the Hall on Christmas Eve." "Five miles! "Why, it's only five miles from the junrtion.and this house is half way between the station and the Hall!" IVxclaimed. "I said as o\v it was five-mile round : to the Hall on Christmas Eve, sir," re turned the landlord, doggedly. "But I don't understand you. What do you neat.?" I asked. "1 SEIZED THE BRIDLE AND WALKED ON AT A SLOW PACE." "You're a stranger in these pans, sir," he said, "or you'd know that on Christ mas Eve the folk about here can't get to the Hall without going round by the village, an' that's a good five-mile round. The straight way isn't half that distance; but it leads past the Moat Croft, an' there isn't man here 'ud pass the Moat Croft on a Christmas Eve- no, t not for a month's wages! Isn't that so, neighbors?" All the men present nodded their heads slowly, but with decision. "The Moat Croft is that old. unin habited house which stands back from the road about a mile nearer n» i,,t Hsu. i suppose:" "Yer. sir; you come upon, it just as you turn off into the lane." said the landlord. "We was a-lalkin of it just as you come in, sir." put in Jacob Meadows. Bob there was a-tcllin' us of a light 'ee seed in the Croft windows last Christmas Eve." "What's wrong with the place?" 1 asked. ''Well, sir," said the landlord, "folk do say as the old house is haunted: an' I'm sure it's not a suripisin thing if it is." "Murder can't be hid," said Bob, in a sepulchral voice. "You're right. Bob— you're right," as sented Jacob Meadows. "It's not for nothing them blood- stains won't wash" out." "Tou see, sir/' explained the land lord, "there was a bloody murder done at the Moat Croft five year ago, and them as did it got off an' could never be traced." "Only the corpse was found," said Bob. in a hollow tone. "Tell me the story," I said. "There's not much of a story to tell." returned the landlord, "for nobody knows the rights of what happened. The Croft has stood empty for ten year an more, an' now it's likely to stand empty till it tumbles to pieces. It's ag'in natur' that anybody should want to live in it after what's took place. Five years ago to-night, on just such a ptormy Christmas Eve as this, the neighbors was a-sittin' here in this x-ery room— just as you might say we're doin' now— when we hears the sound of wheels a-comln' down the road from the Junction. 'A carriage,' says I. "With two horses,' says Jacob Meadows there. It was you as said 'Two horses,' Jacob, wasn't it ?" "1 think I said 'A pair of horses,' Johnny," said Jacob, thoughtfully. "I wouldn't be sure, sir; but, when Johnny says 'A carriage,' I think I said, 'With a pair of horses. " "Well, well, two horses an a pair comes much to the same thing." said the landlord. "I know the sound of the wheels stopped, an' I said. 'It's somebody as means to stop at the Rest.' So I goes to the door ,an' I sees the face of a dark, foreign-lookin man at the carriage window. 'Some brandy- sharp!' cries he. We've got somebody ill here — look alive!' You may be sure 1 wasn't long gettin' the brandy; and as I gave it into the carriage I caught sight of three people inside. There was the dark, foreign man. a beautiful young woman with yellow hair, who was cryin', and.a young gentleman who was lying back, with his eyes shut. I shall never forget that young gentle man's face, sir. I took partie'lar notice of It at the time, for he looked deathly pale. He was fair. enough to be the lady's brother. An' I have good cause to remember him, for the next time I say lilm he was a corpse— a murdered corpse, sir!" "How was that ?" I asked. "Well, sir, the carriage drove on, an' X thought no more about it till news was brought to the .Best on Christmas morning that murder had been done at the Croft. I went to the old house with others, an' when I tpld about the carriage I was, showed the corpse. As -say. it was that very young man. stabbed to the heart with a queer, foreign-looking knife. As for the car riage and the two other people, nothing tnr ever been heard of them— Jeastways folk do say as they might be seen near the -Croft on any Christmas Eve; hut nobody cares to go an' look for 'em." ' The landlord mopped' his forehead, which had grown damp while he was -speaking/ and as he looked round the room his guests all shook their heads. : ,"po you mean to say thai hone of $pn riviU'jgulde 3ne to BilcoaHall for hair-a-sbrerelgn I-askd- . . ;V \ - " If you like - to go ithe five-mile F6bnd. sit, ril take you -for half that," "No; ril go by the Moat Croft," ' X said. "Then twenty suvereigns wouldn't take me," he cried; and all the rest nod ded. "Then I must go alone." : I huthmed jup\my. coat andulled on my cap, whiie»the whoie.comi»jr5'igaseri At me fn surprised displeasured ' . : VYou say d must tuMi up )a- lahe to; the'Croft? Is it all. plain sailing after-- wards?" I asked, alter -I had paid my reckoning and given Instructions about my horse. "You can't miss the lane. It's the only turning to the right," returned the land lord; "an' if you get safely past the Croft, you must take the seoond turn 1 to-the left, an' go straight on to the Hall. Tou'U-see the Silcoat lights to your left' when you get to the Croft. But if you'll take my advice, sir, you'll go the five- mile round." I laughed and shook my head, and then, having . bidden the company good night, I left the Travellers' Rest and went out into the storm. CHAPTER III.— A HAUNTED HOUSE. Since I had entered the Travellers' Rest the snow had begun tp fall again— not in soft, feathery flakes, but in crisp. Icy particles, which were driven siing- ingly Into my face by the. bitter wind. The landlord shivered, and shut the inn door quickly behind me, and I could fancy 1 heard the company gravely dis cussing my folly as I bent my head once more to the blast and set forth upon my lonely walk to Silcoat Hall. The cold was intense, and I walked quickly; but by, the. time I reached the lane mentioned by the landlord I began to wish myself beside the fire in the Travellers' Rest again. ' The snow whirled round in the wind like whirling waves of white dust, dazzling the eyes and making the head giddy, and for -the first time I began to understand how it was that people could perish in a snow storm close to their own homes. I knew that Silcoat Hall could not be much more than a mile and a half from me. and yet I felt so sleepy and stupid that I was several times tempted to lie down under the nearest hedge and lake a n$p rather than traverse the rest of the dis tance. I had a vague feeling that it would be a dangerous thing to do. but I did not seem to care: indeed, the danger of -the thing seemed to threaten some person quite remote from myself — a per- "son for whom 1 had r.o feeling of in terest whatever. Still, when the temptation grew strong, I made an effort to shake off the feeling of drowsiness, and when, by beat ing my arms across my -chest. I had re stored a little of my lost circulation, I found that I was standing against a solid gate-post. A second lock showed me that the gate belonging to the post was lying on the ground, half-buried by the snow, and, straining my eyes, I saw through the mist of the driving flakes the black bulk of a large house rising up at the distance of some twenty yards from where I stood. Then I guessed that I had reached the Moat Croft. No sooner had this fact become clear to me than I made up my mind to try and' gain an rntrance into the old, de serted house. I had no fear of ghosts, for I had no belief in them; but now that I had roused myself from my strange lethargy, 1 began to see that J had been in danger of giving way to th«.- "KXEELING ON THE FLOOR WERE A MAN AND A WOMAN. AND AT THE SIGHT OF THEM THE LANDLORD'S STORY FLASHED INTO MY MIND." fatal snow-sleep, and I thought that by taking refuge for a few minutes in the old house I might shake myself al together free from the subtle influence which seemed to be creeping over me against my will. I instantly turned at the gateway, anu made my way up to the door of the Moat Croft. Entering the dilapidated porch, I found to my surprise that the door was unlatched and swinging to and fro upon its rusty hinges; so I pushed it open and stepped into the hall. A mouldy smell,' like that of a long- disused wine-cellar or vault, assailed my nostrils, and at the same moment 1 became conscious of a strar.se feeling , of heaviness upon my heart. I had felt sleepy while out in the snow, but this was an altogether different sensation. My faculties now seemed all on the alert and sharp; but at the same time I was aware of a sudden depression of spirit— a feeling which in past times was described as "having a presenti ment of evil." but which is now called in vulgar language, "a fit of the blues." Probably the feeling was induced by the loneliness of the old house; possibly the story of crime to which I had so latelv listened had exerted a stronger in fluence upon my mind than I had im agined, and came back to me with greater force now that I had reached the scene of the murder. Certain it was, account for It how I may, no sooner had 1 crossed the threshold of the Moat Croft than 1 began to wish myself outside again. 1 might have retraced my steps at once; but I was ashamed to acknow ledge. even to myself, that T was cap able of experiencing unpleasant sen sations in a. haunted house; so I crossed the hall, and turned the handle" of the nearest door. A sudden stream of light flashed out from me. and by its aid I could see the whole of the interior of the room. The sight which greeted me sent an icy shock through my heart, and I stood in the doorway, riveted to the spot, with stif fened limbs, while my hair seemed to grow crisp with horror. In the middle of the floor stood a lan tern, from which the light radiated, and close beside it, stiff and stark, lay the body of a young man. His face, which was as white as chalk, was upturned to. the ceiling; his eyes were shut, and I could see that he was very fair, for a close crop of bright yellow curls clus tered round his forehead, and a slight tawny moustache' shaded his lip. Kneel ing on the floor— one at the head and one at the feet of the stiff figure — were two people, a man and a woman, and at the sight of them the details of the land-' Jord's atory flashed into my mind. The jqan-vas dark and foreign -lookbig, with black, .pointed beard and mouatachlos, andthe wom&n-wae; beautiful and _very fair— fair enough to be the young man's sister! X A gust f ley wind blew through the room witl a shrill scream, and then — Sang I i'The do< at which t stood was slam- med-in jii; face, and I stood alone in the dark hail . ' f . ! Fbr, a d oment J Stdod half dazed and stupefied; without power of motion, and thejf.j-fvifi a vIolent&efforL; I broke the Spelt 4thk L bourid me, and tried to open toe doori; but the handle was lopse, and slipped t< md and round in my hands, and <4t -w s several 'moments before I could get It to move back the latch. When at ast I succeeded, it seemed as If somebo y was pushing against the other sid< of the door, and I had to put forth all 1 ly strength to get it open. I spran into the room, and found it was now as dark as the hall outside, and no so ner did I release the handle of the door hat it slammed to behind me. It was : ot a pleasant position to be In, and no : knowing which way to turn in the daikness, 1 stood quite still, thinking that I might hear some move ments from the other occupants of the room— if, indeed, it had any other living occupants ! Not a sound reached me, save the shrill screaming of the wind, which blew In icy gusts through an open window. It was the wind which had slammed the door; 1 guessed that it was the wind which' had held it so tightly shut; and now it struck me that the man and woman I had seen might have escaped by the window. -I- crossed the floor, half afraid to- tread lest I should stumble over that awful Thing: and in a moment 1 was standing olnse to the window. It was a French window, opening, like a door, down to the ground: and a6 I stood there, with the wind blowing full upon me, I discovered that the snow had ceased to fail. Hark ! What was that ? During a momentary lull in the storm, surely I heard the muffled sound of wheels and horses' hoofs on the snow- outside. I stepped outside the window and looked eagerly in the direction of the sound, and as f looked the heavy clouds opened and let out a sudden flood of moonlight. A carriage drawn by two horses was passing down the lane, and I just caught a glimpse of a foreign, black-bearded face at the window as it vanished between the high, snow- covered hedges. Then I looked back into the room 1 had left, and 1 ' could see the whole floor gleaming white in the silvery light of the moon. The stiff and motionless figure I had seen lying there such a little while before had vanished, and the room was empty. As 1 looked, a wave of darkness seemed to How into the room and fill H from floor to ceiling. The clouds had once more closed over the moon. I no longer felt any desire to rest in the haunted house; so I turned my back on the Moat Croft, and hurried away in the direction of the lights of Silcoat Hall, which I could now see twinkling in the distance. CHAPTER IV. — THE END OF THE STORY. As 1 had expected, the fun nf Christ mas Eve was at its height when I reached Silcoat Hall. I could see the ruddy light of the broad hall windows as I stumbled wearily up the avenue, and I could hear the sound of music and laughter as I drew nearer. But 1 was scarcely in a mood 10 enter upon the gaiety of a Silcoat Christmas Eve at once; so, Instead of going in by the groat door, I made my way round to a side entrance, and asked a servant to show me up to my room, and to tell Tom Sil coat of my arrival. Five minutes later I was seated in a deep easy-chair before a roaring fire ; and by the time Tom could make his escape from the company m the hall. I was beginning to feel myself again. In telling Tom of my. experiences. 1 made no reference to my visit to the Moat Croft; for at present I felt disin clined to encounter his laughter and bantering questioning. He blamed him self for paying any heed to my sugges tion that he should not meet me with horses. "I ought to have known that they would be badly off for mounts at the Station Inn. especially at Christmas time," he said. "But here you are, safe and sound, and better late than never. I'll send you up something to eat and drink, and then you must come down and help us amuse the youngsters. I must be off or they'll follow me in a body, and carry me off by main force." 1 found that my portmanteau had ar rived. and had been unstrapped, and while I was waiting for my supper, I removed all traces of my struggle with the storm. When the tray was brought I made a hearty meal, and then, feeling quite refreshed, I left my rooms, and, guided by the sound of music, found my way down to the hall. Sir John and Lady Silcoat gave me a hearty welcome. "You are just in time." cried Tom, coming up; "my Uncle Gerad has just returned home from Italy, and he has promised to give the youngsters a special treat. I won't tell you what it is ; but see, they are all taking their places for the show! Come with me, and I'M get you a good seat, and introduce you to my Cousin Stella at the same time." I saw that seats had been arranged in rows across the great hall, and now the whole company— men, women, and chil dren—were hurrying to take their places. I submitted to be led to a place by Tom Silcoat. I was still feeling a littV dazed by my sudden entry from the storm out side Into all the glitter of this gay scene: but I was suddenly roused by hearing Tom's voice say: "Stella, I want to introduce my oldest chum to you." I looked up. and then gave a violent start, with difficulty suppressing a cry. a most beautiful girl stood before me witl) extended hand— a vision, of loveli ness so rare that an hour ago I should have said I had never seen anything like It. But now j knew I had seen -her be fore Tom's cousin. Stella, was the most beautiful fair woman I had last seen in theMoat Croft, kneeling at the feet of— "What an earth's the matter with you. old man?" cried Tom.'Sharply, "You look as If you had seen' Sl' ghost!" The girl had withdrawn her hand, and was looking at me in surprise, and I could only bow stiffly, and say: "I — I beg jyour pardon; I was a little startled forja. moment." "Well, w«l ; sit down," said Tom. "See„! they ire putting the lights out." We skt down on the nearest; chairs, .and jas we -Hid so, h£ Jiall greW nearly, dark. Just before AiS I ''saw a :pair. of. heavy blade velvet curtains, and pre sently a strong white light was brought to bear uibn the place where the cur tains were! slightly separated. Natu rally eveiy eye in the hall was fixed upon thlsjspot. and as I gazed at it, a feeling of fetrange uncasfness crept over mo. 8uddenlf the black curtains parted slightly, and a pale face appeared at the apertire. Then, indeed. J gave a spasmodic gasp, and pinched myself to see if I \Vere awake. The faoJ was the face of a- young man, waxen In Its delicacy, and fair and beautiful Enough to be the face of Stefla Silcoat's itother ! "For Mepven's sake, tell me what this means. Tan !" I whispered, hoarsely. "Why, What's got into you, man?" he replied. ya.nt you guess ? My Vncie G erodes a ventriloquist, and that's his lay figure. Handsome chap. Isn't he?" Tom's voice was drowned in an out burst of clapping and cheering as the curtains were parted again for a moment to allow a second figure to pass through — the figure of a tall, foreign-looking man. with black, pointed beard and moustaclilos. He was dressed in a suit of ruby velvet, and wore the sword of an Italian nobleman: and as he bowed to. the company. Tom whispered: "That's my Uncle Gerad." I sank back into my chair in a state bordering upon collapse. I wanted to yell nlnud with laughter.but I was afraid ; it would disturb the entertainment. The sudden tansitlon from tragedy to come dy was almost too much fbr my already excited nerves, and I was thankful that Uncle Gerad's entertainment proved to he of a comic nature. As it was. 6ome of the graver children looked at me in as tonishment from time to time to see If it could possibly be a grown-up man who was laughing so heartily at a children's entertainment. After the affair was over and the chil dren had all gone to bed, the elder mem bers of the company gathered round the Yule log and somebody suggested ghost stories. "1 can tell the latest," 1 said; "for it only happened to-night." I was instantly commanded to begin, and I repeated the story of the crime told by the landlord of the Travellers' Rest, and went on to relate what I had subse quently witnessed at Moat Croft. When 1 told how I opened the door of the room and saw the stiff, stark figure lying in the light of the lantern. Gerad Silcoat buret into a short and sudden explosion of laughter, and then he remained quiet till 1 had finished. "It's a most remarkable coincidence," he said: "but I must supply the sequel to the story. Of course, the story of the murder at the Moat Croft Is all new to me; but Stella and I and our wax figure have evidently played the parts of the ghosts of the murderers and the murder ed to-night. This is how it came about; Just as we were driving past the old house part of the harness broke, and our man said he must patch it up before we could go on. Stella thought it would be less cold in the house, and as our waxen friend needed a stitch or two in his roat. we carried him in with us. and Su-lla sewed him up by the light of the car riage lamp. We heard the slamming of the door, and as Stella had been getting a little nervous, we took up our man and carried him out at the window, and. finding the harness repaired, drov off at "No wonder sou looked a bit startled when I introduced you to the beautiful murderess." said Tom. "1 hope Miss Stella wiJJ forgive me," I said. I think she did then. I know that she did soon afterwards; for before I left the Hall at the end of the Christmas holi days Stella Silcoat had promised lo he my wife. 