A FATAL UNION. CHAPTER VL GOKDON CARYMj'S STOKY. His trial was over, his sontonco was passed, and Gordon Caryll went out from his motlior's presence an outcast and a banished man. ' All for lovo, aud tho world well lost,' ho said to himself, with something that was al most a smilo, ' Ah, well ! Oomo what 'will, I havo boon-blessed. Por four months I had my fool's paradise— let that thought console me, in all tho years of outlawry that are to eome.' Hb did not leave tho house directly,. On the landing ho passod a moment irresoluto thon turned,- ran up another stair- way, opened ono of tho many doors that flanked tlio long corridor, and entered tho rooms that had been his own. Only tho moon lit thom, but that was as brilliant almost as day. With that slight, sad smilo on his lips, he walked through thom, Every whero ' traces of his dead fathor's prido in liim, liis mother's lovo for him, woro scattered with lavish hand. Moro luxuious, almost, wore thoso rooms than his mother's own. ' Thoy will sorvo for my mother's heir,' the young soldier thought — 'whoevor that may be,. Lucia Dynoly's littlo son Erie, very likoly. She was always fond of Lucia; so, for that mattor, was I. . My protty cousin ! It is but sovon milos distant, and thoro is timo,, and to sparo. Supposo I look hor up for tho last timo boforo I go forth into tho outer darkness, and ho heard of no more?' Hb soleoted a fow trifleB, a pioturo of his motlior, another of. this 'Cousin Luoia' of his' thoughts, a gold-mountod meerschaum pipe — thon, with a last baokward glanco of farowoll at tho protty moonlit rooms, ho ran flown tho stairs, out of the silent houso, tho groat door closed with a olang behind him, and all was over. Hb mado his way to tho stables, startling grooms and stablo boys as though ho had boon a ghost. ! ' Saddlo Dark Diamond, Morris,' he ordored; ' I'm going to Dynoly Abboy, and will loavo him thero behind mo. You can go ovor for him to- morrow.' Ho vaulted lightly into tho saddlo, cant or od down tlio avonuo, out of tho great gates, and boyond tho far-strotohing pai'k that was novor to call him mastor. As ho stoppod for ono last look, never, it soemod to' him, had tho old ancestral homo lookod. so noblo and dosirablo as on this August night, undor tho yollow light bf tlio summer moon. ' A fair and statoly horitago to yield for a girl's faoo,' ho thought, bittorly. ' May my successor bo wisor than I, and bo kopt from that maddest of all man's madness, loving a woman I' « His liorso was a fleet ono — ho spurred him on to a gnllop. Por miloB, as ho rodo, tho woods of Caryllynno strotoliod : on tho othor hand tho oottago lights twinkled, tho villago forgo flamed forth lurid rod ; old familiar landmarks mot him ovorywhoro, and far boyond tlio broad swoop of tho silvor- lightod ,son. LosSjthan half an hour brought liim to his destination, Dynely Abboy, tho ' soat of. Viscount Dynoly — a hugo, historic nilo, that long conturios ago had boon 'a Oistordian monastory, in tho days whon tho ' Keys,, and OrosB, and Triplo Crown,' hold mighty sway through all broad- England, As lio rodo at a gallop up tho ontranco avonuo, in view of tho groat abboy, poarly whito in tho moonlight, his liorfjo slued at somo whito 'objoot, so Bnddonly and violontly as almost to unsoat his ridor, Gordon Caryll laughod as ho leaped off and pattod him soothingly on tho hoad. 1 .s '? i So, lio, Diamond ! Easy, old follow. Doos tlio sight of my protty Cousin Luoia, in hor wliito drosBand shawl, upsot yournorvouB systom liko this P' Ho' throw tho bridlo oror a troo, and advanood to wlipro a lady, in a silk dinnor dross, and wrappod in n whito, floooy Bliawl, stood, ' 'Lady Dynoly,', ho said,' lifting his 'hat, ' good-ovoning,' ' Slio had boon slowly pnoing, as though for an ovonlng constitutional, round and round a groat ornamental flsli-pond. As horso and ridor appoarod, she lmd pausod In somo alarm ; thon, as tho ilnoxpootod visitor approaohod', and tho bright light of tho moon foil on Ills faoo, sho had uttorod a low ory of groat sur prise and delight, and hold out to him both hands, ' Glordon I' shooriod, ' Oh Gordon I Can it bo you P' Sho was a protty woman — throo-and-twonty porhaps, with a fair, blondo faoo, a profusion of palo, blondo hair, a tall, willowy, fragile) flguro, Tho fair faoo, tho palo- liluo oyos, lighted up now with gonnlno dollglit, ' I, Lady Dynoly, You hardly lookod for mo to-night, clld youP Aud yot, you . must Imvo known I would aomo.' Hor colour roso. 'Sho withdraw tho handH ho hold still, ' I did not know it. How oould I toll P Your mother was horo to-day— slio said noth ing about It.' Whon did you oomo.' 'Two hours ago. Ami as to-morrow morning, by tlio first train, I loavo again for good, .1 ran tho rlslc of not finding you at homo, and rodo ovor to say good-by. Ily tho way, It's ratlior a oolnoldonoa, but ono August nlglit, two years ngo, you and I shook hands nnd parted on tula vory upot. You wo dressed in whito that night, too, I remember, and lookod as you always do look, hello coimnc — fair and sweet, and pale as a lily,' Again hor colour roso, but the blue, startled oyes fixed themselves on his face, ' Say good-by ! — leave for good I' she repeatec , ' What is it you mean P ^Gordon, havo you seen your mother?' ' Yes, Lucia, I havo seen my mother, I havo just como from Caryllynno, I have bidden farewell to it nnd to my motlior forover,' ' She stood looking at him in painful silpnee — that sensitive rose-pink colour coming and going in her chocks,. In tho crystal moonlight sho could seo tho great and sadden ing change in him. Sho clasped both hands around his arm and looked up at him with soft, pitiful eyes. ' Gordon — cousin,' sho said, gently, ' is it true, this story they t^ll, that is in tho papers, that all Loudon rang with beforo wo left P It must bo true, and yot — oil, Gordon I unless you toll mo with your own lips, I cannot believe.' ' Then I tell you,', ho moodily answered,. ' it is truo.' 'That you married an actress — an ? Oh, Gordon !' slio Baid, passionately, ' I would rather soo you dead !' i . 'You. aro not alono iu that, I fancy,' ho said, with a drearily reckless laugh. I ' All tho Rn,me. I havo dono it. All tho same, too, I have had enough of reproach and bitterness for ono night — it is my last, remember — don't you tako up tho cry against mo. Those gentle lips of yours, ma belle, woro no /or mado to say cruol tilings. Wo havo beon good friends always; — let us so part.' Sho sighed wearily, li'br hands still loosoly clasping his arm, her blue, pitying oyes still fixed on his face. HiB gloomy gazo was bont on tho water-lilies in the pond, whoso palo heads he was mercilessly switching off with his riding whip. ' I am sox;ry — I am sorry. But your mother, Gordon — surely sho pities you and forgives you. I know how stern and resoluto Bhe can bo whoro sho thinks lior duty is con corned ; but yom, hor only son, whom sho lovos so dearly ? ' Sho lias disinherited and cast mo off forever. It is all right, Lucia. I don't deny tho justico of my sontonco j only, you seo, 'ono looks ratlior for meroy than for justico from one's motlior,' ' But sho doos not moan it — bIio speaks in anger. Sho will repent and call you back.' Ho smiled — a Blow, hard, inexorable smilo. ' It is a littlo late for all ' that. What ' is dono is done. I will never go back, Sho says truly, I havo disgraced tlio namo — tho only atonomont I can make is to ronounco it. Sho has ordered mo from hor sight and hor homo forovor. Ono doos not wait to bo told that twice.' 'How could sho — how eould sho?' his cousin murmured, tho soft blue oyes filling and brimming ovor ; ' you, hor only son — all sho has loft — whom sho loved so dearly. Oh ! how could sho do' it P Gordon, I, too, haVo a son, my littlo Erio, and I lovo him bo de votedly, so ontiroly, that I fool, I know, no crime lio could commit, though it woro murder itself, oould ovor for ono second ohango that lovo.' Do what ho might — yos, tho vei'y worst mail oan do — I wonld still lovo him and tako him to i&y; heart.' Her palo faco glowod, hor palo oyos bright onoa, nor voice arose, xxer cousin looitou ai hor tenderly, '.I can boliovo that,' ho said: 'but you seo, Lucia, thoro are mothers and mothers- — and Viscountoss Dynely and Mrs. Caryll aro of two vory .different orders. I novor did profor the Spartan sort mysolf, roady to rtm the knife through thoir nearest and doarost at a momont's notioo. Still, I ropoat, my sontonco has boon dosorved, and is just.' ' Gordon, toll mo all about it,- will you P I know so littlp ; I road tho papors, of course, but still ' , 'Is it worth whilo, Lucia P It is not a ploasdnt'or prolitablo story. Do you roally earo to know P' - ' Gordon I' ' Oh, I know all your affobtionatp intorost in me and my concerns, fairost oousin, and I don't mind boring yo* with tho details of a young fool's folly. Polly ! good hoavon abovo 1 1 What a fool I was I What a gulliblo, .woodon-hoadod, imbooilo idiot I, must havo boon I' . 1 'You — you lovod hor, Gordon P' ' Woll, yos, I supposo it was lovo, thnt blind and bosottod fovor hor boauty and hor witoliorioH throw mo' into, Sho was a soroo oss, whoso accursed spoils sent ovory man sho. mot undor Bixty straightway out of Ills sonsos. Why, sho throw tlio rost ovor for, mo (sho had half tho ! battalion at hor foot) was oloar onough, I was tho youngost and riohost, and tho groatost ass in Toronto. Sho turnod sooreN of othor heads but not to that pitoli of idiocy which proffors wodding-rlngs. I had only seen lior six timoB .whon I aBkod hor to. marry mo — you may faintly, guess the'dopth and broadth of my imbecility whon I toll you that.' ' Sho was handsomo, Gordon?' Sho was moro than lmndBomo, Luoia, She had a boauto du (liable wlioso liko I had nover soon— that no man oould rosist — a dark richly oolourod, Southorn sort of boauty, of tlio earth oarthy, 'She waa small avid slondor with a waitit you oould snap liko a pipo-stom, two largo blaok oyoB, liko n panthor'fl pro oisoly, and a smilo that sent you straight out of your sonsoB. All tho follows in Toronto ravod of hor — bIi'o was tho toast of tho moBS, tho talk of tlio town. Only tho . womon fought shy of hor — thoy took hor gaugo by intuition, I, supposo. Boforo sho had boon u woelc in Toronto, Major Lovoll and his daugli ter-woro tlio toplo in bull-room, arid boudior, and barraokB.' ' ' Sho was a Miss Lovoll P' Lady Dynoly askod in a oonstrainod nort of tono. Ono hand still reotod on his arm, and as tlioy talkud thoy walkod slowly round and round tho fish-pond, In tho days that woro Sono slio had boon vory fond of hor dashing oy oouhIu p'laymnta — vory fond — with sls toi'ly fondnoHB, sho told hornoli! — ? nothing movo, 'You will hoar. I had boon a yoar in Toronto boforo slvo oamo s a dull ana droarv yoar onough, wltll nothing but tho daily drill, tho parado, tho routine olf military lito, tho provincial ' balls and dinnor parties, tlio provincial fllrlatloiiB with dark Canadian bulloH to break tho monotony, All at onoo sho oamo, and ovory thing ohangod. Major Lovoll brought his diuightor among uh— -and it soomod to mn my , lido began. Ho was a dlsroputablo old dulTor onough, this Lovoll— a drunkard, a sharper at oards, a rookor at bil liards, living on Ills half-pay and Ills wholo wits, Ho was a widowor, with a daughter out In Bormuda with hor mother's frlondH, who doalluocl tq llvo with hor wwoally old 1 father. Ho Was in tho habit of disappearing and reappearing in Toronto at odd times this timo, after a longer absence than usual, ho reappeared with his daughter. ' Ho met mo ono bleak autumn night, loung ing aimlessly down ono of tlio principal streets, dressed for a heavy sacrificial dinner party, yawning at tlid boredom in prospective, wishing all civilian dinner-givers at tho deuce, and, willynilly, ho linked his seedy old arm in mine, ' ' En route for Rogers,' dear boyp' ho said with a grin, 'and looking onnuied to death even nt tho thought of what is in store for you. Why make a martyr q| yourself, Gordon, my lad ? — why sacrifice youi' solf on tho altar of acquaintanceship ? Throw ovor tho bloated timber mer chant ; come to my lowly wigwam, and let's havo a friendly gamo at ecarto. I'll givo you a dovilled kidnoy, and a glass of»l lorry — you can drop in at Rogers' whon tho heavy feed ing's over. Beaidos,' — aftor a pause, this, and with a sideling glanco — ' I want to show you my littlo girl — bless her ! She's como to . keop houso for hor old dad at last,' ' I mado Bomo faint resistance — only faint, and yioldod. I had a weakness for ecarto j tho major ? was past-master of tlio game, although he mado his lessons rather expensive to youngsters liko mysolr. ' ' Nevillo and Dalton, and two or three moro of Yours, aro coming,' lie said as ho inserted his latcli-koy. ' Rosio will givo you a bit of supper by and by, and sing you a song, if you liko that sort of thing. Como in, Gordon — como in, my boy, and tlirico wolcomo to tho old man's modest mansion.' ' And then I was in; out of tho cold, dark Canadian night, in a fire-lit, lamp-lit parlour, looking with dazzled eyes down, upon tho loveliest face, I thought, that firolight or sun light ovor sliono on. ' She had sprung up at our entrance — sho had beon crouched in kittenish fashion on tho hearth-rug, and two big, wonderful oyes, of tawny blacknoss, woro looking up at mo. I thought of Balzac's ' Girl with tho Goldon Eyes' — thoso woro black or yollow, just as tho shifting firolight roso or fell. As I stood staring in a stupefied tranco'of wonder and admiration, the major's fat, unctuous voico dronod in my ear. 'Rosamond my child — my young friond, Mr. Caryll of Caryllynno, Dovon, England, and Her Majesty's ? tli Royal Rifles, Toronto, Canada. Gordon, my boy — my littlo daughter, Rosio.' ' Thon a littlo brown hand slipped out to mo, tho dark luminous oyos and the rod dimpling lips smiled togothor. ' ' I am much pleased to moot Mr. Gordon' Caryll of ? What's all tho rost, papa P Much pleased to moot anybody, I'm sure, in this cold, nasty, droary Canada.' , ''You don't liko Canada,' then, Miss Lovol P' I managed to stammer, ' I am sorry for that. We must try and ohango your opinion of it boforo long. What wi'ftli skating and sloigliing, it isn't half a bad place.' ' Sho poutod and laughed liko a child Sho was singularly childish in form , and faco, hardly looking sixtoon. ' ' lTot half a bad placo ! Whoro you grill talivo threo summer mouths, and sliivor to doath nine win tor onos. Oh, my doar Bermuda ! Wlioro tho lioarts w.ero as warm as tho blimato, and tho faces as sunny as tho skios! No fear of .being lonoly, or miserable, br nogloetod thoro. If papa would lot mo, I would go back to- morrow.' « ' ' But papa won't,' tho major put in, with a oh ncklo ' papa can't sparo his ono owe lamb yot. Mr, Caryll hero, I am suro, will do his best to make time pass, littlo ono. Hark ! I hear a knocking in tho south entry — tho othor follows at last.' ' Thon with muoli laughter and stamping and noiso, throe or four military mon oamo cliattoring in out of tho cold and 'damp dark uoss, and woro prosontod to my ' daughter, Rosamond,' 'I don't know how it was with tliom; I can nnswbr for mysolf — from tho first momont I lookod on Rosamond Lovoll's fnoo I lost my hoad. You know mo well onough, Lucia,'' tlio spoakor, broko. off, with a half laugh', ' to know I novor do that sort of thing by halvos. But thiB was difforent from anything that had gono boforo. I lookod on thoso wondorful dusky, oyos only onoo, and said to mysolf, ' I will win Rosamond Lovoll for my wifo, if it bo in tho power of mortal man to win hor.' (To bo continnod,) 1 