IcHE JOCKEY DROMIOS. " Ticket, please I" 'Xfaera were, only two passengers ia tbo com- partmenfc, ono of wlium bad bis ticket ready ; (be other was apparently still fast asleep. " Come, sir ; wake up, if you please. Your ticket !" said the collector, impatiently. ' All right— here it is, ia my pocket-book. Why, I've been robbed ! My packet-book is gono !" and be glared in a suspioious manner nt the other passonger. " t got in at Darlington, sir ; you were then asleep," said the other traveller, stiffly. k> Here is my card ; I travel tor Messrs. Boult Bros., of Liverpool." "If you cannot psy your fare, sir, you must seo the stAtiou-master at Newcastle,' said the collector, slamming and then locking the door. " Well, I'm in a nice pickle, und no min- take. Don't know a soul in Newcastle, and it's past midnight. AVhut on earth shall I do ?" Pardon my curiosity, sir, but surely you must bo Oharlia Cooke, the jockey ?" said Gerald TUorbnrn. "Thank goodness somebody knows me !" ejaculated the jockey. " I was never caught napping before when the light- Uagered geutry are about. I showed my ticket at York, and foil asleep soon after leaving. Was there a lady here when you got in at Darlington ?" ' No ; you were quite alone." " Then tbo thief was a woman, who joined mo at Normanton,and must hsve left at Thirsk, or at Darlington, before you got in." " You ride at Gosforth Jfurk to-morrow, I presume ?" r M Yes ; but what am I to do to-uight, if the fife&tion-mastor; — oh, here we are." " Come with mo to my hotel by all means, Mr. Cooke. 1 will also pay your fare, if the station- master iusists upon it." " A thousand thauks, my dear sir ; and take the word of Charlie Cooke for it, you will not regret your kindness." The station- master at Newoastle proved to be amenable to reason,and on learning the name of the tickeUess paasenger, readily accepted his assurance that he had Ukeu a first-class ticket at St. Panoraa. The two newly-made friends had a bottle of wioe after a late supper, and ere they parted in the morning, the jockey had found friends in the town, and repaid his share of the hotel bill. ' If you want a good tip for the Liverpool Cup, put every penny you can scrape together on Ply-by-Night. If I don't land him first at the post I'll return you every peuny you lose by taking my tip. That is a bargniu," and again thanking Gerald Thorburn tor his kinduou, they parted. The Liverpool traveller was not much of a betting man ; in fact, he bad not made half-a- dozen bets in hiB life. He was rather prone to a " sweep " in the commercial room, and was therefore fairly conversant with racing matters, especially in conueution with Aintree. " Ply-by-Night, a rank outsider ! Very little known of bim, and that not greatly to bin credit. But Charlie Cooke seems cock-sure he will win, aud then there is his offer. I really believe he will refund, if he fails to win the Cup," mused Gerald. And during the month that elapsed between his meeting with the jockey at Newcastle and the Aintree meeting, be could think of little else but tho possibility of " making a pot of money " by acting upon the " tip " given bim by Chsrlie Cooke. " Twenty to otic, and I have only £90," said Thorburn to himself, as he perused the " Latest Dotting " on the Monday eveuing before tbe meeting. " With this £210 I had from Lancaster to-day I could put £300 on l'ly- by-night. I'll do it ! If 1 succeed— six thousand popnds ; if not, £300 is not much for Charlie Cooke to pay, and be will keep hi9 word." And without stopping to think of the possible consequencofl if tbo money he was uppropriatiug were lost, be hastened to a well-known book maker, and made his bet.J Gerald Thorburn had a stronger motive for his conduct tbau the mere wish to make a small fortune easily. Uuknowu to her father, bo had won tbe affections of JGuiily Boiilt, the only /daughter and heiress of tho senior partner of tbe firm for whom bo travelled. -Emily was only 19, while be was 27, bub although Gerald knew that his suit would not be regarded favourably by Eroily'o father, bo believed the girl would bo true to him, and both hoped that time might smooth their path of the thorns that encumbered ;it. "Withnearly sis thousand pounds to my credit I can go to bim, and boldly ask him fortimily," was Gerald's ecstatic thought after making his bet, but a terriblo shock woe in store for him. The lovers were uccustomed to meet on the Landing 8 age sometimes In tbo oveoiug, and after a hasty meal hohurriod down to the stage. Emily had not arrived, however, and he sat down in the smaller Shelter to wait for ber. " Did you bear of tbe na»ty acciduub poor Charlio Cooke mot with this evening ?" said a roau in the seat fronting Gerald. " No ; is it serious ? Will it stop bis running that borso there is so much talk about, ss a possible winner of tbe Cup ?" And Geralu Thorburn awaited the answer with a suspense so keen and terrible that his heart seemed tos top its beating. Broke bis left wrist, aud put out his right shoulder. Taken to tbe Northern Hospital." Then it will be a month or more bofore he will ride, How did tho affair happen ?" " He was doing what many foolish people try to do— leaving the train at Lime-street bofore it had stopped, aud wus thrown violently ou the platform." 11 A good tbiug for tho bookies." 11 Yes. U'a an ill wind that blows nobody any good." Gerald Thorburn was in despair.He bad been suddenly plunged from his contemplation of the coming fruition of his dearest hopes, into tho abyss of desperation. It was almost im possible that any other jockey would win the Cup, even if tbe owner of Fly-by-Night did nob scratch him. And how could he approach tbe injured jookey, and ask him to keep the promise he made at Newcastle ? In a few days his employers would discover that be had embezzled their money, and thon— arrest, con viction, imprisonmeub Too well ho knew tbe reed of his employers on tho eubjoct of suob a breach of trust, the law must take its course. That had been their answer to the appeal of a widowed mother, whoso only sou, a porter in the warehouse, had stolen Borne goods. Would they be any more lenient with him ? No. And Emily— would sho dare to avow hur lovo for a falon P " I un doomed, and have nought left to five for, There is no sorrowing mother in' my case to bewail my fata ; nor stricken father to go through the streets with bowed head because of tho disgrace of bis son. No brother or sister to blush for me when my name is mentioned. J will do it, beforo my resolution vanishes — banished by the fear of what is to come beyond." And ho walked slowly to the edge of the stage gazing into tbe water abstractedly. " No ; Emily shall nob regard it as suicide I will wait until one of tbe boats Is going out. A desperate leap when the distanco is too groat to be successfully jumped, and a aynipatbetlo jury will soy it was ua accident unless it has been discovered ere tbe iuqncst that 1 am a thief.." ' " Stand back 1" vainly shouted a stagoman, an Gerald Thorburn rait across the stage and took a flying leap, failing however, to reach tho departing steamer, i Instantly the brave stageman leaped down into tfaeMersey,and though the swirl of the steamer's paddle sucked Gerald under, be was seized on coming to the surface, and held firmly until a boat came along and rescued both men. Gor&ld; had been so long under tbe water that he was insensible when rescued, and he was at once taken to the receiving-houso, followed by a constable, who declared that ho had been watching tbo young man for some time, and be had every reason to believe that the act was in tended to be suicidal Tho result was that when his olothes were dry Gerald was taken to the Central Police Station in a cab and formully charged with attempted suicide. He did not resent the accusation, he was too downoast for that. He daro not send word to tho few friends he had in the oity, fearing thnt if his employers learnt his position, inquiries might be at ouce instituted, his embozzlemont come to light, aud the fate he bad tried to avert overtake him. When naked bis name he was strongly tempted to givo a fictitious same and address, but fortunately did not yiold to the temptation. Had be dono so tho theory of attempted suicido would have been strougthened. Questioned as to his occupation, he kept bank nothing, and un hour afterwards Emily's father arrived at the police- station. ' Surely, Thorburn, this cannot be true ? You did nob purpose to commit suicido ? Had you taken too much whisky or what P" Gerald hung his head, and was silent. " It is an unhappy business, altogether. You did not know that my daughter was on the landing stage whou you wore carried up the atepB at tho book of the stage, supposed to be dead ? She came home in a state of hysterical frenzy, und said that aa you were dead she had nothing to live for. Tell me, vr:i it drink P I never knew you to take too mucb. Have you nothing to say to me P" M What can I say, Mr. Boult P I have dis graced myself— and you. I shall have to appear before the Stipendiary, aud whatever tbe result, how can I again lift up iuy head in. Liverpool ?" " For the sake of my child, I will see what can be done," and Gerald Tbornburo was again left to liiu harrowing thoughts. The knowledge that Emily bad been present —had possibly hoard the constable say that it wan a cose of deliberately attempted suicide, filled him with the keenest anguish, and when Mr.Boult returned, accompanied byt he induc tor on duty, and the Govonor of tho Brrdewell the young man was iu a pitiable state of , pros tration. "Come, Mr. Thorburn,the charge is not to be proceeded with, Tho offioiaU are of my opinion that you hod tokeu too much drink this eveuing and you are free. Outside the police-station, Mr. Boult hailed a cab, and bado Gerald get in, " I am going to take you home, and thus satisfy Emily that you are still in tho land of the living. Perhtps you think I have been ignor ant of tbe attachment between you ; if so that was a mistako, 1 know of your seurec meetings six months since, and believing that my child's happiness depended upon her affections uot boiog tratnplod upon, I determined to let matters take their course until Emily is 20. So far, all my enquiries as to your usual pur suits when not on duty for the firm have been in every respect satisfactory; but I trust you will not again tako eo much drink as to impel you to tho reohlesa disregard of danger you showed this evening. 1 have now done sermou- isitig, Gerald ; try to meet Emily with a smiling face, and let her beliove it was a simple acci dent." A smiling face ? Gorald Thorbarn could have groaued aloud as he heard tho words. Every word of sympathy and kiuilness spoken by Mr. Boult bad stabbed bim to tbe heart, fur unless a miracle intervened, a duy or two at the most would suffice to ehow him up iu his true colours— as a thief, utterly unworthy tbo lovo of such u girl as Emily. ' Look up, my darliug ; Gerald is hnre !" was tho father's greeting, as, followed by Gerald, he entered his daughter's sitting-room. Bho was lying on a couch, with her fuce iu tbe cushions, but whon bor father spoke she rose as though electrified, looked from ono to tho other, uud, realising that hor father knew, aad did uot resent their attachment, flow to the arms of her lover, 41 Ob, Gerald ! Gerald ! they said you were dead, and I wished myself dead, too. My dear, kind, good father !" and going to where he stood, she kissed bim foudly, 41 You are not augry with mc, father P Nor with Gurald ? " " No, my child. But it is very late, and I fear tho immersion may have worse effects than we thiuk, if Gerald doos nut go to bud at onco. He will stay here to- night." Gerald Thorburn did not sleep that night, notwithstanding the tumbler of port uegus sent to bis room after he had retired. All night long he was rackiug his brain in tbe en deavour to fix upon some fonsiblu scheme for proouring the money to repay tbe £210 be had 4 borrowed " from tbe monies of his em ployers, and tbe morning found him looking even worse than on tbo previous eveuing. Mr. Boult would have had hint slay thcro for a day or two, but; mijoh as he would have liked Emily's companionship, while her father was away at business, ho could uot brook the pros pect of Imiug a guest in bis employer's house when bin deiinquouoy should bo discovered. 44 1 shall bo tnuoh bettor at tny usual work. Indeed, air, I will go lo Preston to-day, 1 think.' 44 Very well, Gerald. For tho present no one in tbe office need know of tho closer connection you will have with the firm next year ; it would not ba wise to arouse any jealousy among those who have been with us tnuoh longer than you have been, my boy." And Mr. Boult pub down the agitation of bis daughter's lover to his overpuwerine feelings of gratitude ; whereas, it was caused by a keen eouse ot the misery that overshadowed him. 44 Two more days, and my doom will ovnrtako me. Wells and Co., not getting the firm's receipt, will write for it ; thon my despicable- DnsB will be mado manifest. And 1 must meet it— must bear it all 1 I cauuot again attempt my life. The horror-of those few seconds when 1 deemed myself ou the poiut of death— when the past, like a dread panorama, swept before my eyes, was such ne I would not ogaln experience." Tiieae and similarly depressing thoughts were his companions during that day ; bonce it was nut surprising that tho orders he succeeded in obtaining were small in number, and also in amount. On bis journey home, tbe conversation of two passengers, evidently sporting men, roared bim from his gloom. "Tfaafcs a queer talo about Obsrlie Cooke, isn't it ?'' remarked one of the men. ,'4 There's nothing in it. Teddy Graham was at tbe hospital this morning aud saw Charlio in bed ; how, thoo, could be bo galloping Fly. by-Nighb'the same morping ? The tale has been started by the backers of tho homo." I don't care what Teddy Graham has said Tom Foloy knows Chnrlio Cooko aa well as any man now at Aintree, aud ho told mo that Charlie was galloping tho borso this morning." And Gerald Thorburn wah as muob nuzsled as his travelling coinpanious. He had received an invitation to eall at Emily's houso thnt ovening, oud in a state of much excitement and anxir ty he sought for information at the bars of tbo hotels frequonted by tbe bookmakers, but failed to obtain such evidence in thtiviled him. When be turned into the office on tbo mornJ. ing 'bf the Cup day, a few minutes later than4 usual, he was startled to find Mr. Boult await ing him. With a sinking heart ho heard ono of the4 clerks say, Governor wants you, Mr.Thorbnrn." I " Close the door, Mr, Thorbnru, How pal® you are looking. Not yet got over tbe wotting, , I'm afraid. I am going to see the Cup race £ would you care to come with me Y Have youi ever seen a good race ? " 44 1 have nevor seen ono of any kind." ' 4 Nor have I, though 1 have been in business here nearly forty years. Wo will go by the noon< train, from the Exebaogo station." And wben tho hones for tbe Cup race wero brought out, Gerald Thorburu sitting by his employer ou tbe grand staud, wutohad with anxiety be tried to conceal for tho appearance of Fly-by-Night, 44 Now, who is mistaken ! There goes Charlio Cooko. Tho story of bis accident was a clcverl ruse, but it leaked oat, and spoiled the game of! tlioso who invented it," said a gentleman behind Thorburn. Failing Fly-by-Night, tho favourite would win easily ; hunco tbo tromendous excitement wben it was seen that the jockey believed to be in tbe« hospital was with his mount, Aud though the favourite showed the way for; three-fourths of tbe di8tuuce,FJy-by-Night drew to tbo front with a tremendous spurt, and woni easily by two lengths. ( The reaction proved too much for Gerald! Thorburn ; his nervous system had received) too severe a shook, and he fainted. A strong vinaigrette, lent by a lady, and &f; drink of iced cbauipaguc, soun brought him/ rouud. 44 1 don't wonder at your fainting, it is fear fully hot up here. Lot us go home." Gerald accepted bis employer's invitation to' dine with him and Emily, but, managed to geti away earjy enougu to cau upon tne oooKmoKuc and obtain the amount of his bet. 44 Thank God 1 1 am saved !4' he said, as bq hurried to his lodgings. There he found a letter! awaiting biin. I 44 Northern Hospital I Charlio Cooke 1' and' Gerald starod blankly at tbe brief note heading and signature. 44 Am I guiug mad ? There is a mystery here I must fathom." Next day he went again to Lancaster, and' not only managed (o exptaiu tho uon-remittanca of the receipt, but to obtain payment of a more recent account, and by this moans be was en abled to square the matter. Heluruing to Livorpool soou after noon, Gerald took a cab to the Northern Hospital, and wu allowed to' see the injured jockey. What did it meuu ? Here was tho vory, man who had travellod with him to Newcastle, with his arm in hplinto, his shoulder bandaged,! and yet, was he not riding Fly-by-Night only; yesterday ? 44 Come, Mr. Thorburn, I'm not a ghosts though you have some reason to look puzzledJ If you can sparo unotbor half-hour, you shall be enlightened. How much did you lay on the winner ?" »» Three hundred." 44 Good luck to yon ! You've pulled it off proper this time. You'll set up in business foi yourself, 1 suppose, ob ?" 44 Probably, or else go iuto partnership with a good firm." M Ah ! Here comes the other Dromio. My, brother Bill ; Mr. Thorburn, thu gentleman who played the Good Samaritan at Newcastle. Now, sir, take a good look ut us." Aud the resemhlunce between tbo two brothers was so remarkable that Gerald no longer wondered that the closest friends of Charlie Cooke had been mystified. Bill went out to Mulbouruu wben he was a bit of a nipper, but it was in the blood, for father was a jock, and after making a name for himself in Australia, Bill ome home just iu tlie nick of time, to savo. your three huudred, old man. Mr. Thorburn, I believe 1 wus shoved a bit getting uub of tbut train ; but tbey who thought to gain by such tv nanty triclc lmvo been busted. I knew I could win the cup with tlmt hutse, but it wus all a chance for Hill to do it." Beforo the next Livcpool cup day came ronwt Gerald Thorburn wus the son-iu-law and part ner of Mr. HouLt, hut when asked if he would uaro to go agaiu and seo the race, he quiatly declintd. 44 1 was within un ace of loosing every penny I possessed that day, Mr. Boult, and vowed never to make another bet." And then, without confessing the offunco ho had committed he told his 'father-in-law tho story of tho Liverpuol Cup, and the Jockey Dromios. 