A LEADER OF MEN. AN AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. . CHAPTER XIII. (continued). The Dismissal of John Fobdyce. John Fordyce did not stop at a Coffee Palace though one would have thought such an establish ment suited to one of his abstemious habits. He was sojourning at the best hotel in the city, and he had already had many callers—members of the social and political world. Invitations to dinner were rained in upon him, but these were all politely declined. He was not making an official visit, and he desired that his time should be his own. He had, it is true, made a few duty calls, and there his responsibilities ended. He was free to devote himself to his own private affairs. It will hardly be necessary, to inform the sagacious reader that when John Fordyce left his hotel on the morning under review his steps led him in the direction of the Royalty Theatre. He had re solved on no special plan of action. He had thrown himself into the arms of Fate, and he meant to abide the result. A blue-faced man was—having had a respite from the exercise of his vocal organs—standing outside the stage door smoking. " Will you join me in something ?" said Fordyce with a nod towards a part of the establishment on which the word " BAR" was conspicuously painted. " Don't mind if I do," returned the blue-faced man, who was always drouthy, " but we must be sharp. I shall be wanted again for the final chorus." The blue-faced man thought he could manage a pint of beer if his new-found friend was agree able, and manage it he did in a most surprising manner, for lifting the pewter to his lips he absorbed its contents in almost the twinkling ef an eye while the barman looked on admiringly. " When will the rehearsal finish V9 queried Fordyce. "In about ten minutes, sir; and now if you will excuse me I must be going or I shall get what for." He was off in an instant. Fordyce went out into the street, and here it was that Lilian saw him not many seconds afterwards. Her heart began to thump against her chest, but outwardly she was quite composed. She passed Fordyce with just the faintest gleam of recognition. But he was not to be repulsed in this way, and he followed her up. "Miss Howard !" he said raising his hat. Alice glanced round, took in the situation, and smiled. Beevis being hungry, was hastening to the tramcar. Lilian affected deafness. " Miss Howard !" again said Fordyce, this time walking beside her, " I must speak to you," "Ail right, Lil. I'll go on with dad. But don't be long," Alice exclaimed, and Lilian was left alone with Fordyce. She was painfully embarassed and angry. The very meeting she had sought to avoid had been thrust upon her, and she was at a loss to know how to act. " Will you give me your company for a quarter of an hour, Miss Howard V9 said the man humbly. " I confess that I have forced myself upom you when my gentlemanly instincts, if I have any, should have warned me not to do so, but this is a matter in which I—well, in which I hardly find myself to be a free agent." Still no sigh from Lilian. She walked on resolutely averting her face, and having the knowledge that he was keeping step for step with her. What could she say % " I am quite aware that my conduct will appear inexplicable to you, Miss Howard, but when you know my excuse I hope to be forgiven. I have had the audacity to fall in love." He took off his hat and wiped his forehead, although it was by no means host. " I am not a courtier," he went on, " but I am, I hope, an honest man,, and as I am an honest man I want to tell you that I love you, and I ask you to be my wife." He gave a deep sigh as though the worst of it was now over and he stood like a prisoner waiting for the Judge to pronounce sentence. Lilian's hands trembled, but she steeled her heart by whispering " Remember Mrs. Bessemer." Fordyce felt the necessity for further pleading. The silence oppressed him. It seemed to give the death blow to his aspirations. " I have not perhaps been the best of men," he said, "but if I have sinned as you in your perfect innocence would regard it, I have since I met you been endeavoring to atone. I have only thought of you, and I believe I have become a better man." " Remember, Mrs. Bessemer!" again murmured Lilian to herself as she felt her resolution slightly wavering. " It's a great deal to ask—your love in return for mine," he proceeded humbly, " but if—well, I should try, you cannot think how hard, to deserve it. Can you trust me, Miss Howard 1 Will you be my wife V Lilian paused for a second, drew up her slight figure, set her lips firmly, looked him straight in the face and said— "No, Mr. Fordyce." He staggered as though she had struck him, and his face became pallid. " And will you give me no hope Tf " None." The monosyllable cut him like the lash of a whip, and be winced. Lilian resumed her walk. Her friends were out of sight or she would have called to them. When Fordyce spoke again his tone was so altered that instinctively she turned to look at him. It was all that I could expect," he muttered, but you do not know what you are refusing. You hold the keys of the gates of heaven for me, and you will not use them. Lilian, I cannot give yon up." He spoke these last words vehemently, passionately. " You must," faltered the girl, " you must go away and think no more of me. What you ask can never be." " And why 1" he enquired suspiciously. Am I too late V She made no reply; in fact, her utterance completely failed her. She knew what this strong man was suffering, and yet she was conscious that she was doing her duty. " I have no right to ask it," he resumed, " but is there any barrier—is there anyone else T "There is no one else," she said quickly, and then could have wished herself beneath the pavement for her precipitancy. "Then there is still hope," he went on quite joyously. " When you come to know me better, when you see the depth of my devotion, when you realise that my one ambition is to make you happy, and that to achieve that I would relinquish whatever position I have attained, then perhaps c« cc you will give me the answer for which I will so patiently wait." " Mr. Fordyce, I mnst ask you to terminate this interview, which is extremely painful to me. I can never say what you wish. Never, never, never." << Is it something in the past?" he asked. A strange light flashed in upon him. She did not speak, but a flutter of emotion on her pale cheeks was correctly interpreted by him. " I see it is," he said, " and is the past never to be buried ? Are a man's weaknesses to be ever remembered against him ? Is he to be constantly face to face with the accusing ghosts of his bygone sins 1 Is he never to know the love and friend ship of a pure woman ? Ob, Lilian, think before you bid me relinquish all hope. Think of what I may become, of what you may make me, before you rob me of all my future. To err is human ; to forgive divine. Lilian don't drive me away from you like this." She gazed at him steadily. Her monitor was hard at work. The anonymous letter of the morning rose constantly before her eyes. " Mr. Fordyce," she said, " we must part here and now. I have given you my answer. That answer can never be altered. I make no accusa tions. I make no enquiries. I simply say that what you ask is impossible. Good-bye." She held out her band, but he did not take it. " Let me write to you," he pleaded, " let me at least justify myself to some extent. Let me prove to you that no matter what I may have been your influence has wrought in me a change. Lilian don't send me away like this." "Good-bye," she said once more, and walked rapidly off. He did not attempt to follow. His right hand mechanically removed his hat, and he stood staring after her till she was lost to sight round the corner of a street. " My God !" he groaned. Then he turned his steps in a different direction like a man who was in a dream. My 1 What a time you have been," was the first exclamation of Alice. " Here's the dear old dad nearly dying of hunger. What on earth did that) man Fordyce want ? Why, I declare, my dear, you are trembling all over. I wish I'd stayed with you. Did the brute propose, Lil V* " What a preposterous idea !" cried Lilian, with as much calmness as she could command, but she did not deceive the quick-witted Alice. " Well, he ought to have done so, considering the unconscionable time he kept you," she ob served flippantly. Anyhow here's our tram, and we shall be lucky indeed if we get any dinner at the end of our journey." When they arrived at their lodgings Lilian went to her room and locked herself in. To all Alice's enquiries she replied by saying that she had a headache, and no appetite for dinner. " Dad," said Alice, " it's my belief that Fordyoe did propose to Lilian and that she refused him." "Sensible girl," was the comment of the old singer. " Yes, but I believe she likes him." " Fudge ! She's only nineteen, and she doesn't know her own mind. She's wedded to the stage, and that's quite enough of marriage for the present. By-and-by she'll be able to hook a duke if she wants one. Let her make a name, as she will do, and then she can marry whom she likes." And Lilian was lying on her bed with heavy red eyes remonstrating angrily with her con science. (To be continued) 