PERSONALITIES. Lily Langtry now earns £100 a night as an elocutionist. Cyclist Zimmerman is now doing editorial work on a New York paper. Only one member of the Westralian Government is a smoker. That is Attorney-General Burt. The Lord Sheffield of Australia— guess in once—is not likely to let Jones stay in England. Westralia could put a football team in the field that could defeat any organisation in Australia. A query that will shortly be answered—Will Mrs. Brown Potter call at Government House ? A Beverley, W.A., postmaster, is named Inkpen. What a man he ought to be for departmental reports. A leading draper of Adelaide is reported to have cleared out his Wes tralian stock at a profit of <£60,000. " Lady Munro," well known in Adelaide, i3 said to be in an Ine briate Home at Dawes Point, Sydney. The Progressive League started at Gladstone has a chance of proving its Liberalism. Let it join the Liberal Union. People in Madison County, Ken tucky, who have paid their taxes are entitled to be married free by the Sheriff. The Savings Bank will only pay 3^ per cent, interest to depositors. In less than five years the rate will be 3 per cent. The clever people are quietly buying Broken Hill Proprietary shares. The reason may be made apparent in a few months. A rumor is being circulated that lady teachers for our State schools are being imported from England. Surely neo. Mr. Warden of Gold fields Gee has prepared a much-needed regulation directed against the shepherding of mining claims. A Register reporter calls W. Hancock, of Gladstone, brother of Joe, " the popular little northern town pressman." Ahem ! Mr. David Murray is fishing in Ireland. Other distinguished South Australians are fishing on the London Stock Exchange. Cyclists Megson, Payne, and Lewis, now on their way to England, are reported to be keeping " as straight as teetotal missionaries." A parocn, a pressman, and a hearse were on the Konoowarra during a recent trip to Westralia. No wonder the we a'her was rough. The Japanese Prince, as Bookmaker! Allen is called, cabled congratulations to the Prince of Wales on behalf of the Australian Ring on his Derby victory. A meeting to form a racing club in Kalgoorlie was promoted by a Mr. Cutbusb, and a Mr. Hair occupied the chair. The shaving will be done by the bookies. A lacrosse man was mortally offended last Saturday when a very charming young lady asked him where he was going to catch butterflies. Butterflies! Broken shins ! Dr. Quick, of Melbourne, who is seeking a seat on the Federation Con vention, was once a battery boy at Bendigo. He was afterwards on the Melbourne Age staff. " A collection was then taken up, but the crowd fast hurried away from the rain." Port Pirie Institute pro ceedings. Rot! The crowd hurried away from the plate. At a recent suburban social at which a member of Parliament was present it is said that there was a '1 tarpaulin muster" of sixpence each to pay for the drink consumed. Mr. Ernest Govett, a well known Adelaide journalist and mining specu lator, is going to England in search of a third fortune. His latest scheme is not connected with mining. "The Vagabond," writing on Kal goorlie, says:—" Here is Mr. Paddy Whelan, who from the yard measure in the draper's shop has become a mining syndicator and a wealthy man." If the Australian Eleven win the first test match they will come home with £1,000 a-piece. The second and third test match would, under such circumstances, pan out £350 per man. Over £20,000 of money in P.O. orders is said to come this way from Westralia every week. And even then the wage earners have something left with which to buy shares and long beers. The Prince of Wales has won the Derby and lost his soul. Thus would the Nonconformist conscience interpret I Persimmon's victory. The British public, however, seem to like a sporting Prince. I Jones will probably be offered £200 ! a year to remain in Adelaide. He wiil j then become a ground bowler for the [Adelaide O^al, and in that case the [South Adelaide Club will lose his I • services. I Mr. Ewen Cameron, of Yankalilla, i deserves a statue. He was recently \ appointed a Justice of the Peace, and . he has declined the " honor." Mr. Cameron would probably turn up his nose at a K.C.M.G.-ship. | The Mount Barker paper publishes a " poem " by Thomas Meddal respect ing his encounter with a ghost at Woodside. The editor ought to he sentenced to twenty-four hours' solitary confinement for this enormity. The Register awards the honors to the Premier in the Hugh Watt con troversy. Watt threatens to come to South Australia again. His reception is likely to be cool, not to say chilling. Watt's bluster gives the man away. Sassiety is copying Government House in many small things, but sassiety men will not sacrifice their moustaches. The clean-sbaved, Metho dist isal, Buxton upper lip is something to be revered rather than imitated. A touring club in France recently offered a medal for the best definition of a bicycle. The winner's description read thus—" The bicycle is an instru ment of locomotion operated by man and intended to accelerate bis speed.*' Fast bowling is now likely to become an industry in South Australia. If Jones can get £6 a week in England by " yanking them in," there is evi dently an unlimited market for well set up young fellows who like to practice for an hour a day at a single stump. Sam Hubbe has arrived safely with his Government party at the Westra lian goldfields. Some of his brother officers telegraphed congratulations, winding up with " Prosit." The Tele graph Department returned the mes sage with an enquiry as to the meaning of " Prosit." Lieutenant - Colonel Matthews is leaving us for Sydney. His voice rivals a foghorn in its strength, and it used to be said of him that if he gave the word of command on North Terrace it could be distinctly heard at Largs Fort. In his youth the Colonel was a sailor. Mr. Richard N. Wells, one of the most successful of the S.A. School of Mines students who were among the pioneers of the Westralian goldfields, has been appointed manager of the Bird-in-Hand Company recently floated in London The Company has a work ing capital of £30,000. At Saturday night's concert of the English company somebody sent up wreaths to the tenor and the baritone. Douglas Powell's expression of dismay ought to have been photographed. He held the floral tribute as awkwardly a < a young lady holds her train at her first ball. Dr. Napier, who is on his way t Adelaide, sums up the Adelaid Hospital trouble thusly:—"The whol affair doesn't seem the kind of thin over which the profession in tw hemispheres need raise Cain." Ou new Hospital surgeon is evidently nc a man to be bounced. " Butcher" Patterson, of Roch hampton, who made a fortune out o the Mount Morgan Gold Mine, beinj reputed to be worth a million o money, has passed in his checks. On of his sons was recently in Adelaide where he married Miss Annie Bourke who was a charge nurse in the Adelaid Hospital. " Sunbeam Society" Bottrill ha given up the sorting of letters ii the Post Office for press work. Mr Bottrill has made the Sunbeam Society a conspicuous success, and so long as he does not encourage priggishness in the young folks who correspond with him he may be wished an extended sphere of usefulness. King Poole, of the Encounter Bay tribe of aboriginals, who died the other day, was an expert boxer. In the early days the whalers taught him to use his fists, and the King in return laid many a whaler out with a good 'un " on the point." A nigger as a rule boxes with his head, but Poole took quite kindly to fisticuffs. The generous offer of the Hon. J. J". Duncan and Mrs. Duncan to give £1,250 for the establishment of a Diphtheria Ward at the Adelaide Children's Hospital on condition that a similar sum is subscribed by others should be eagerly availed of. Mr. Duncan's uncle, Sir William Watson Hughes, gave £20,000 to the Adelaide University. Copley, M.P., went fast asleep in the Gawler Institute on one occasion when Sir John Downer was making a statement of Government policy. The present leader of the Opposition was leaning on an open piano when drowsiness overcame him, and it was only when his head fell on the notes with a terrible crash that he woke up. Sir John smiled as if he had just heard the lost chord. There was a time when Mr. C. J. Stevens angrily discarded a cushion placed on a piano stool when he was about to play an accompaniment. He preferred a bare chair. During the late concert season it was noticed that not only was the chair on which he sat padded, but a rug had also been called into requisition. C. J. must have been falling away in flesh, or perhaps it is the tailor who is in fault. Davy Kearns, who has just died as the result of a bicycle accident, was extremely popular in musical, yacht ing, and cycling circles. He was a cheery soul, whose optimism was as refreshing as a southerly wind at the close of a summer's day. On board the yacht Alexa Davy was invaluable, and many a pleasant cruise did he help to make more enjoyable by his unbounded good humor and flow of animal spirits. Many a one on hearing of his untimely death ejaculated with deep sympathy, " Poor old Davy." 