FootbalL (By Touchltne.) Ok Saturday -afternoon^ last a senior cup match was played on the show groundhe tween the Arfoma fuel Hillgrove teams,f which proved tobe keenly contested, and ended in a win for Arfoma by six points to . nil. The visiting team was further strengthened in the back division by T. Bliss, , the erstwhile three- qnarfer of the Armidale club, and there was a great im provement in the play all round. In the - first 'spell the play was of an even character, and both lines were in turn in vaded, the scrum-work being heavy 'and the tackling of the backs very good. In the loose dribbling Hillgrove had the ad vantage and would have been £ar more successful if the forwards had not been so anxious to pick.the ball up when there was not the ghost of a chance to do anything with it when they did get it. M'Arthur took a long pass on the wing near the Hillgrove 25 flag, and got through all the : opposing backs, except the full- back, who waited on the line instead of. meeting his man, consequently when he collared; M*Arthur the latter fell over and scored the first try. The kick at goal failed. The first half of the second spell saw the Ar fomas defending their line, and Hillgrove were within an ace of scoring several times, bat could not get through the maroon defence., The play was eventually ; transferred to .Hillgrove territory, when M'Call pint in a short rnn, passed to : Etherden, and the latter scored, the kick | at goal was again a failure. ' Hillgrove ! after this rallied, bat were unable to heat their opponents' back,- and the: whistle sonnded " no side" with the play close to their line.' Mr.C. Moore was referee. A janior badge match was played on Saturday between West End and Hillgrovp II, which was won by the latter by three points, to nil. The try for the witmers was got by Sogers. Mr. Davidson i^as referee. The football match, ..Queensland versus Canterbury, Hew Zealand, was played at Christchnrch last Thursday, and was won by Canterbury by . 16 points to.lt. 