She was charming’—quite. Every one said so, even her future mother-in-law. “She might have been created expressly for Wraysbury,” declared that fastidi ous lady. “She has looks, manners, money—all one could wish fox*. Who was she?’’ in answer to the inquiry made by an intimate and obviously envious friend. “My dear Julia! what can that signify? Don’t we all know that the pre sent generation stands on its own merits? It doesn’t trade on the reflected glory of the past. Mrs Cowley's merits are sufficient luckily to atone for any | shortcomings in her family, who, by the ! way, are all either safe underground or I on the other side of the Atlantic.” ' I Lady Camberwell forced a smile. As j the sister, wife, and mother of three as j arrant scoundrels as ever disgraced their i ancient name and their order, she fully appreciated the foregoing speech. “There is no doubt, I suppose, about the money?” she asked. “Mrs Cowley’s dresses, her jewels, her establishment, give the appearance of wealth, but then appearances are so often deceptive.” “So like Julia! Belittling and picking holes to the last,” reflected her com panion. "Not in this case,” she observed with quiet triumph. “I took the precau tion of sending a trustworthy messenger to San Francisco to make enquiries, with most satisfactory results. I have a copy of the late Mr Cowley’s will, by which he leaves his immense fortune ab solutely and entirely to his wife.” “Most satisfactory,” murmured the other, looking anything but satisfied. “And what does Nora Wynne say to it Wasn’t there something between her and Wraysbury last season? I al ways thought so.” So had a good many other people, old Lady Wraysbury among them, notwith standing her energetic denial of the fact. “Not at all,” she protested. “Wrays- | bury was civil; no more. He is the last man, I assure you, to be caught by Miss Wynne or any other damsel with a pretty face and an inviting manner, who choose to throw herself at his head.” All the same, Lord Wraysbury had undoubtedly paid Miss Wynne marked attention the previous season, let the dowager say what she would. Where fore much surprise was expressed by the house party gathered at the Court in November, to make acquaintance ■with / his lordship’s financee and shoot his pheasants, at the presence of his old flame among them. “Personally, I should have stayed away,” said little Mrs Manvers; “but if I had come, I should have carried it off better. Nora is perfectly ridiculous pos ing as a lovelorn damsel, and wearing her broken heart upon her sleeve.” “It’s not her broken heart, but her empty pocket that troubles her,” de clared another. “Think how horribly broke the Wynnes are, and how a rich husband would set them all on their legs again!" “Precisely.” chimed in a third. “ I know, too, for a fact that Amelie has dressed that girl for years on the strength of her marrying well. Amelie, it strikes me, will be getting tired of waiting for her money.” “Poor girl! I really felt for her disap pointment, when I saw those jewels last night,” resumed Mrs Manvers. " Think what she missed! One always knew the Wraysbury diamonds were something very special, but that cross! that neck lace ! and the ruby star !—I never saw anything so superb!” So they were, and valuable enough to deserve more care than their happy-go lucky owner had seen fit to give them. For, Mrs Cowley having expressed a wish to see the famous heirlooms which were so soon to adorn her, her lover had fetched them himself from the bank, handed them about among his guests the previous evenlng.and finally locked them aw*ay in an inner drawer of a cabinet in the library. It was all very -well to pooh pooh the possibility of theft, and to de clare that, since he had fetched them himself, and no one, not even a servant, knew of the presence in the house, they were as safe as in the strong-room of the bank. As Lady Wraysbury ppinted out, jewels of such value, safe or not, ought not to be left in a drawer, the key of which was notoriously to be found any where but in its owner’s safe keeping, and which, as a matter of fact, he found the very next day on his dressing-table on his return from shooting. "Curious, very!” he said to himself. “I could have sworn I put the thing in my pocket this morning. I won’t tell the mother, to set her croaking. All the same, perhaps I had better take a. look at the jewels.” He attempted to do so after dinner. But what was this? The drawer was empty! • Impossible, yet a fact. The jewels were gone. Stolen, of course. And by whom? No burglar. The drawer had not been forced. This was no case of organised theft. , Some. one. aware of the presence of the jewels, had found the keys lying about, and had' been unable to resist temptation. But who? A servant? Hardlj*. Things do get about, of course. Mistresses talk to their maids. It might be a servant ; and if not a servant, a guest then?' Oh, incredible! Lord Wraysbury, a kindly, ci*edulous fellow, refused to contemplate such a contingency. The jewels, however, were gone, and it was necessary for him to take steps for them recovery. After despatching a wire to Scotland Yard, he assembled his whole household, guests, servants, and all, informed them of the loss he had sustained, begged them to look care- j fully to the safety of their own pro perty, and do all in their power to facili tate the detection ofthe thief, for which purpose he was forced to say that no one would be permitted to leave the house until the arrival of the pdlice- At the same time, he begged that all would refrain from discussion of the deplorable affair, and that the • programme ar ranged for the next day — namely, the shooting of the coverts round the house —might be carried out. He concluded with the hope that the jewels might still be restored and nothing more said about them, for which purpose, as he explained, looking all *the time as ashamed as if he had been the veritable thief himself, the library would be left lighted'up and the cabinet unlocked dur ing the night. As it happened, everybody was ready enough ty look after his or her valu ables. N vody wanted either to leave the Court—nobody, that is, but Nora Wynne, -who, it appeared, had intended to go to London for the day on some business or other, and was strangely indignant at her unjustifiable detention. For the rest, Lord Wraysburv’s request for silence proved as futile as did King Canute’s far-famed command to the i waves. : Of course everybody talked, ! and of nothing but the robbery. Having exhausted themselves in strictures on the careless — nay, criminal — folly of their host, they turned to speculation as to the thief. .Now who—what was it first suggested Nora Wynne as the possible culprit? ;W^s, it Lady. Wraysbury in her intense hostility to the girl, or Mrs Cowley, who chanced to remind some one that Miss Wynne, under the plea of headache, had spent the afternoon alone in the library, the other ladies of the party, with the exception of Mrs Cowley and Lady Wraysbury. having all gone out to lunch and walk with the guns? Or was it Nora herself, and the fuss she made about going to town, and the mystery there was oyer her business there? At all events, her name was mentioned, all the more freely because, in a fit of temper, she went off early to her room, declaring she was sick of the affair, and would not listen to another word about it- The field being free and open, stones were promptly flung at her. For. being poor, proud, pretty, independent, with ways and ideas which were not the ways and ideas of her set, Nora Wynne had never achieved popularity with her own sex. And so now first one point and then another was scored against her. She had been heard to say that she would sell her soul for diamonds, that she was at her wits’ end how to pay her bills, with other speeches all pointing, as did her low spirits and harassed air, to urgent, desperate need for money. What more likely than that, stumbling upon Lord Wraysbury's keys — for who knew where he had left them?—knowing the whereabouts- of the jewels, the tempta tion of such a fortune within her reach was too much for her? She pleaded a headache, stayed at home, and when once the coast was clear, when Lady Wraysbury and. iter prospective daughter-in-law set out on their drive, carried out her purpose. “In that case she will replac- .i;e j;els. and we shall hear no more a be.;!. was the general opinion. The jewels, however, were not re placed. and with breathless interest the advent of the police was awaited. "We shall see when the Scotland Yard man comes,” they all said. F.ut they saw nothing. A thorough search was made; rooms were ransacked, questions asked, with no result, except the removal of all restraint on the movements of the inmates of the Court. As the detective in charge of the esse pointed out, the thief had had plenty of time to hide the jewels. Time, careful watching, and plenty of rope—for amateurs always give themselves away in trying to dis pose of stolen property—were all that was needed. For the rest, he had his suspicions, as he admitted, but at so early a stage preferred to keep them to himself. Others, unfortunately, did not emulate ' his reticence. Lady Wrays bury, for instance, who from the first had formed her opinion—a most decided one—on the affair, did not hesitate to proclaim it aloud. “The thing is as plain as the nose upon one’s face,” she declared; “Nora "Wynne —a girl who is capable of anything— took the jewels. If I were Wraysbury, I shouldn’t hesitate to apply for a war rant against her.” This speech might not affect her son, but it did the object of it, to whose ears it came. Miss Wynne not unnaturally resented it bitterly, held a lively pas sage at arms with her hostess, forth with packed up her boxes, and departed Thereupon Lord Wraysbury took upon himself to animadvert in no measured terms to his mother on the gratuitous insult offered by her to his guest. A serious breach between mother and son was only averted by Mrs Cowley, who, with admirable tact, contrived at last to smooth both down. What a paragon of cleverness and amiability did Mrs Cow ley prove herself at-this juncture’. How unwearied her exertions, how infinite her resources, in dispelling the prevailing4 depression ! Undoubtedly she saved the party, it was she. who controlled, led, and animated the conversation, who proposed those tableaux for the Friday evening, the preparations for which’ proved so welcome a distraction, and who checked by her cheerily determined attitude a dangerous and growing in clination towards flight and a premature dispersal of Lord Wraysbury's guests. Ah admirable woman indeed! What a sensation, too, she created when, on day, she appeared at the meet of the Grasstone Hounds! Here was a Diana! A perfect seat, a perfect figure, a per fect horsewoman! Little Mrs Sparking ton alone ventured on a criticism of the heroine of the day. “She can sit on,” observed that lady, “that’s plain enough, and her habit is a masterpiece ; but can she get over a country. Because nerve and seat are all very well—essentials, in fact—but one must know how-to use them. People who fancy that they can keep in front with the Grasstone simply because they don’t funk or cut voluntaries are apt to come to grief. We’ll reserve our rap tures, I think, till we see where the lady comes in at the end of a gallop.” “What an envious, carping little cat!” commented her hearers. Very likely. Yet was there not a cer tain measure of truth in her words? For, when a fine fox elected to go away straight'across Halesham Vale,as trappy a country as ever brought man and horse to grief, Mrs Cowley proceeded to demonstrate how futile—nay, dangerous, —is valor untempered with knowledge and discretion. Did she lose her head in the excitement of the moment, was she trying to show off, or merely ignor ant of the first principles of cross-coun try riding, that when .helter-skelter the field made for a handy gate, or for the two or three practicable places in that thick big fence at the outset, she ram med her horse right at the biggest and thickest part of it? Thanks to her light weight, and to the fact that the bay she rode was fresh and worth every penny of the three hundred guineas Lord Wraysbury had given for him, she did get over. What was more she gained a splendid start, which for a time she kept, riding resolutely on the tail of the hounds — mercifully, with a burning scent, she could not override them—up hill, down hill, through plough, over ridge and furrow, driving the good little bay hard, never easing or sparing him for a moment. Now, a racing forty | minutes in the Halesham Vale is ealeu I ate d under any circumstances to try the speed and endurance of the best horse ever foaled. As it was, it soon be came plain that neither Mrs Cowley nor her mount would see the end of this capital spin. The bay, who was pretty well blown, had pecked badly at one fence, had carried away half another, and now, when confronted with a strag gling hedge guarded on the far side by a rail and a ditch, he simply crashed- half through, half over the hedge, breasted the rail, and turned a somersault into the next field. Lord Wraysbury, who had been too far away to check the headlong career, yet quite near enough to witness the fall, dashed up to find his fiancee half in and half out of the ditch, pinned down un der her horse’s quarters. How alone, —without a soul in sight—for hounds had taken a sudden turn to the left away from them—was he to get her out? Ter ror must have given him the strength of ten men, for somehow he did manage to drag her clear. There she lay. torn, dishevelled, covered with mud—a de plorable object, unconscious, ■ too; per haps dead. Ah, no—merciful Heaven! —not that. He flung himself down by her side. See there, on her neck, where her scarf had been dragged awry, a brilliant spot of color—blood? He tore away the folds of linen—blood? Not a bit of it. From the torn corner of a square piece of thick stuff which she wore under her habit covering her neck and shoulders, there protruded a ruby star—the ruby star, in fact—that most celebrated of the celebrated Wraysbury heirlooms ! A day, indeed, of adventure, agitation and surprise for the Court. First, the arrival of Mrs Cowley, shaken, bruised from head to foot; ’ barely conscious, [ with her habit nearly tom off her back, yet happily without serious injury to life or limb. No 'sooner was she safely settled in bed than in came Lord Wrays bury, looking- like a ghost—no wonder after the fright his fiancee had given him—to announce the discovery of the jewels. He had found them himself in hits own cash-box, in his own bedroom, of all places. "Either I never put them in the cabi net at all, or I changed them to the cash-box, and forgot what I had done,' he said, apologising for the unnecessary scare he had raised. "Was ever a lamer story heard? "Either he and everyone of us must have been mad or drunk when we saw him lock away the jewels, or else he walked in his sleep,” they all said. Never mind: he had regained his pro perty, even if he had lost his bride. For later the newspapers recorded the bald fact that the marriage between Lord Wraysbury and Mrs Cowley would not take place. And why not, pnjy ? Ah. that no one could tell. The lady had returned to America, and the gcntlenicin had gone to South Africa on a six months’ shooting tour. For the rest, someone did start not long ago (a story of an extraordinary likeness between Mrs Cowley and that notorious Cathe rine Coles, a prominent member of a gang of clever swindlers recently brought to'- justice in New York. A most misleading likeness, since every body knows that the wealthy San Fran ciscan widtiw, not long after her return to her own'ieountry; espoused a second millionaire. - That the Mrs Cowley of San Fran cisco may not be the Mrs Cowley who so nearly became an English peeress is an idea, which, so far. seems to have en tered nobody's head, except perhaps Lord Wraysbury’s. and he has kept it to himself. What does it signify to him, after all ? Does he .not assure himself and his friends with perfect sincerity that he is the happiest man alive in that he has persuaded Miss Wynne at last to become his wife?— “The World.” 