THE CYCLING PICTURES. It is a well known fact that municipal councils do not water the streets at times when the dust, like a ghost, wants laying. It is also remarkable' from a cy- cling point of view that on a fine calm day nobody is more attentive to iiis duty than the jolly young waterman, who sits up aloft on his moving tank, or stands nobly by his hydrant, and squirts a deluge over the streets, thus making cyclists skid and swear. Mud is bad at all times, but dust is worse. It did not look as if rain would fall ou Sat urday afternoon. Therefore, no measures were taken by the mu nicipal councils to cope with Ihe dust fiend, and cyclists felt their way along Elizabeth street enveloped in clouds of thick dust, blown along by a stiff north wind. Everybody appeared to be bound for the Hayinarket, which spot had been decided upon as the place of meeting for t ho cyclists who in tended to take part in t he monster run to Keilor. This was known as the " A.C." run, but as there was such a stiff northerly breeze, a facetious Hiber nian remarked that it would not lie so "afzy" after all. Despite all efforts to : catch the joker, lie evadc-d capture, aud was Inst heard of disappearing over t lie " Curly Hill," a sadder, if not wiser, man after blowing out such a pun. The wonderful way in which cycling lias pro gressed in Melbourne was to lie seen -jiikt'Daljier 2 o'clock, when, from all points of the compass, men and women pj£) wheels whirled along the streets to wards t lie meeting post. There were U'iplqte and tandems in numbers, while jingle machines (littered past in such large numbers, and so quickly, that no body could count them, Photographers mounted on machines swept past with the apparatus that is not built for fic tion. aud ladies pedalled manfully aloug in the teeth of the gale. Some teams turned up with flags streaming behind them. They all stopped pedalling about 2.45, and were arranged in line — two deep -by Messrs C. Dwyer aud II. M. K. Gollan. Every club in aud around Mel- bourue was represented, aud when they moved off the sight was a pretty one. about 300 were mounted at the start, and afterwards scores could be wen scorching after the inuiii body. On a rough ostimate it might be stated that close upon 500 rode out to the terminus. Luckily the wiud veered around just nfter the start, aud was more favorable to tlie riders than when they were mar shalled. On arrival at Keilor the sights of the place were visited— the ford and swing ing bridge being inspected. Numbers took refreshments with them, and con sumed them in the picturesque picnick ing parts of the place. The Dunlop Tyro Company had made special arrangements with Mr Skinner for catering tea in the evening, when a conceit was held itt the shire hall un der the control of Professor Ure. Shortly after eight o'clock the return journey was commenced, and an impos iug spectacle was made with Chinese lanterns and colored lights. The pro cession passed through the city at half- past 9 o'clock, and dishauiled opposite Government House gates, its termina tion was marked (reports ihe "Argus") by an interesting, and somewhat dra matic, lucident. When the procession reached the Hay Market, a trooper 'rid ing a fine white horse, took the 'lead and preceded the bicycles through the streets, clearing the traflic as lie w-ent The intention of the marshal Mr Con Dwyer, was to break up the pa'rfy iu tbe wide roadway near Government' House gates, but the constable was not aware of this, and when he reached the road leading to the gates, and found tl.ev were standing open, he apparently con eluded that the w!„)le had received penmssiou ,() ri(le Ih/.oth Government House grounds, aud to pay their respects to the Governor at the main hall H,. therefore, un hesitatingly rode through the aud the guard just as 'mikes' ita tangly let liirn pass. The men o the ,»„l,i,-yd. at >1,0 , „f „,V, siou, followed the trouper, aud wit him few seconds the Government Tre '! grounds were illuminated by a sn-d-t- charn of fast moving lanterns' ' 'pup trooper drew up at the hall door', and re mained at attention, but the ovclisu r id not presume further upon his m'ism! » They contented themselves with 'th 1 hearty cheers for Hud and Lady Rrls sey as they rode round the li.-' ,n.', plot, and then left the grounds "sin-in.! "Hule Britauuia." siugm- THE CYCLING RUN TO KEILOR. Photographs by R. Harvie. 