MISCELLANEOUS WORKS. It is hard to say whiah are the most read able or the most singular of the contents of the "Pall Mail Magazine" for August. Everything depends on the taste of the reader. At a time when men knew little of astronomy, and imagined the world to be the centre of the universe, there were seers who believed that theycould foretell the life any person would lead by casting his horoscope or finding'what sign he was bom under. Now that we know that the earth iB but a grain of Band among thousands of shining sons, it is perceived that the heavens must serve some higher purpose than to regulate the lives of the insignificant creatures dwel ling upon it. Yet astrology, or the mock science of reading the stars, is not utterly dead, and Mr. F.iLegge supplies an article describing its processes. It can be taken Berionsly or in jest, as the reader pleases. To arrest the attention of the wandering eye the horoscopes are given of the Queen and some of her sons and grandchildren. As few men and women take the trouble to realise what the earth's place in the universe is, and what its relationship is to the stars, it is possible that some people will think that there tpay be something in astrology, and go to thU article for instruction in the art of casting horoscopes, It is as reason able a thing to believe in as Mahatmas or Mrs. Mellon'a spirit stockings. Under the heading of the "Cambridge A.D.C." (Ama teur Dramatic Clob) appear photographs of stage ladies, and the letterpress tells us that soch stage ladies were personated in under graduate days by men who have eince risen to be lay peers, spiritual peers, deans, governors, &o.; When they were youths some of them made up to look very pretty women. It would be interesting to know how they like being thus exhibited before the 'public in the pranks they played during their salad days. Minpr Canon Kelly as Esmeralda is quite fetching; Lord Carrington makes np (in 1863} as a substantial house maid ; the Marquis of Lome is a dignified lady in a white wig; and the Bishop of Richmond is Miss Buzzard in " Little Toddlekina." Accompanying a description of a tour through Kerry are some illustrations of lovely scenery. In fine weather Kerry is one of the most beautilul places on the globe. The " Pall Mall" is attempting illustrations in colours, and there is a set whose pre vailing tone is pink, fitting verses entitled the "Fan." One of the novelties in this number is an unpublished poem of Words worth's-six lines written on the flyleaf of a book the poet presented to Miss Letitia Taylor on All .Saints' Day, 1844. A fac simile is given of the writing. The lines are not worth quoting, otherwise we should re produce them. Among the fiction are some more or less fantastic short stories, and some chapters of Sir Walter Besant's strange novel the " City of Refuge." In the "Forum" for July most readers will probably turn first to the article on " Hie Presidential Outlook as Europeans View it," by M. Paul Leroy Beaulieu, the distinguished editor of " L'Eaonomiate Francais." The writer says that at "present "one of the causes impeding the flow of capital from Europe to America is the uncer tainty as to tfie future of the American monetary system." M. Beaulieu points out that the first n£ed of a civilised community is good solid nutfwy-that is money worth the commercial value of the metal itia mad? of-and remarks what a strange folly it is " that in -the year 1896, twenty years after the chief civilised nations have sdopted, dither by law-m Germany-or in practice as Franceand .Belgium-the single gold standard to govern their exchanges; when nations that are pursuing the reform of their finances-Austria for instance, and Russia are employing .l&eirresoarces; to create onoe more a metaltfemfrrenoy on a gold basis,1' it should t>e Seriously United States " to d^n^ae of the- last quarter Vol' it perience, -and give1 fo aiiver, *ft; inetet* depredated byincrtaaedpriWtiWHity 'a ifpal tender quality equeU to that of gold." M. Beaulieu also argues that whatever America might do in the wayof changing its currency there would not be the smallest chanceof its securing an international agreement for tfee restoration of bimetallism/as the obstacles to such an agreement are far more numerous and insurmountable than they were five of ten years ago. He declares that bimetallism in Europe is absolutely a lost caase, and asks whether it would not be "an. amazing affliction to see the nineteenth century dose with this contrast-the great republic of the United States-making the blunder of chain ing itself to the silver standard while not only all Europe, but the immense em pire of Russia, one-half Asiatic, is on the eve of adopting the single gold standard ? " The paper by Mr. Ooldwin Smith, " Is There Another Life ? " will be read with interest, as although this gentleman is well known for his writings on historical and political sub jects, he has seldom, if ever, dealt with philosophical or speculative questions. The arguments for and against the belief are ably and impartially summed up by Mr. Smith, whose attitude is much ?" the same as that of Dr. Johnson, who, when Boswell re marked to him, "The evidenoes of a future life, sir, are sufficient," replied, "I could wish for more, sir." Mr. Smith, alter quoting this saying, addsIt wsb nodoubt hiB sense of the insufficiency of the evidences, considering the vital character of the doctrine, that dis posed Johnson to belief in ghosts, and made him anxious to investigate all stories of the kind, even when they were so absurd as that of the ghost of Cock-lane." "Bush Solitudes and Other Verses," by William Main (George Robertson and Co.), is a little volume of poems mostly on local subjects. The writer is at his best in his descriptions of Australian scenery, which are gracefully written and show a close observa tion of nature. The following lines, which conclude the poem that gives its name to the book, may be taken as an example of Mr. Main's descriptive powers " Friendly shadow hides The shattered trunk* and leaves of ages dead. Here all Is silent save the creek that glides With murmuring ripples from its fountain head. The moonlight fades before approaching day; The birds apafn break forth in joyful son;;; The dlntrod hasten to their lairs, away Far from all beaten tracks, to sleep. Ere long The sun's first rays appear-all cold and dim, But training strength and splendour as the mist Of morninsr rises-and each bendintr limb, Eaoh quivering leaf, showers brilliants. To exist Is joy while Nature chants her morning hymn." 