THE RIDDLE RING, ' ' NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, ' ' AUTHOR OF— "DEAR LADY DISDAIN," " CAMIOLA," "THE COMET OF A SEASON," "DONNA QUIXOTE," "A FAIR SAXON," "THE RIVAL PRINCESS," &o.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER II. . The Slave op the Rino. Jim considered himself quite safe to put away any .theory which brought death— that is a natural and lamented death — into the nuzzle. But a death by 'crime ?. How about the possibility of a death by crime?. Suppose a . husband and wife' . .had quarrelled— suppose it were a case of grounded or groundless jealousy — and the husband had torn from his wife's finger a ring which ho had given her in. happier days, and had killed her, end then flung the ring away ? Or suppose it v/ere merely the case of such a quarrel between a pair of lovers, with the same result ? But there re mained the same impossibility of ac counting for the syllable of despair. No man haviDg killed his wife or his sweetheart would have been at the pains of commemorating the fact with the dates of lovership or marriage and the syllable of despair by an inscrip tion subsequently engraved for the , mere purpose of throwing the ring away. The explanation in any oase would haye been inconsistent with Jim's fond belief that the ring was thrown away . by a woman. Still he said to himself that he was not going to leave any possible solution of the mystery untested' merely because something might seem to conflict with a favourite theory of his own. A crime of some kind was quite possible. But he studied the papers for days and days, and he found no record of what we may call any appropriate crime. He found, in deed, two caseB of suicide with some what corresponding dates, and he went to the morgue to study for himself. But one was that of a red-faced and seemingly very drunken artisan in a. blouse, and the other that of a poor half-starved little sempstress girl, whose wan' and needle-marked fingers did by no means seem udapted 'to the . wearing of that curious and costly ring. Ho made, in quiry at the Prefecture of Police, but. could hear of nothing. He did not, however, give ' up the ring. He utterly declined to shut' himself out of the mystery alto gether. He had already advertised in the Paris' journals stating , that an English gentleman whocould.be heard of by writing to certain initials at the Grand Hotel, had found a ring in the Bois de Boulogne on the date of the finding, and inviting the owner to claim the lost property. His ap peal to the world in general brought out no reply whatever. Yet it seemed; almost certain — at all events ex tremely probable — that the woman : who had flung away the ring must still have been in Paris soon after ho had picked it up in the Bois de Bolo'gne. He felt a strong conviction that the owner of the ring did not want to know anything more about it. But the ring bore the two names. Assume that a woman had thrown it away, wpuld not the date and the fact of a ring being discovered bring home some idea to the mind of the man whose name ' was interlocked with hers? Yes, certainly, if he were in Paris. But the theory of Jim Conrad was that the lover had left Paris — had deserted the girl in a new passion for some other woman — and that then she had thrown away the ring. Here, then, the theory would fit in well enough. One of .the pair .whose names were interlocked would not have the ring again — the other knew nothing about its rejection and its discovery. Jim took tho ring to several high- class jewelletsin Paris and endeavoured to get at some conjecture as to its origin and history. It was an old ring they all agreed — the . legend had been put on it within the laBb few years — the figures at a somewhat later time than the outer inscription. The opinion was strong, almost unanimous, that despite the seeming evidence of the names it was not an Italian or a I Spanish ring. It "certainly was not a French ring. Nor was it German, although it looked more like a German or Scandinavian piece of work than anything belonging to Southern Europe. One expert in the craft made a declaration which set Conrad's nerves thrilling; He declared his firm conviction that it was an Eng- i lish family ring. Then, Conrad thought the' work of discovery, if that bo true, becomes easier and .easier.' It cannot be hard to find out in London the family history of such a ring. It cannot be hard to find out just now in Paris the names of any Eng lish people who may have been staying Here at this unwonted time. Conrad had many friends in Paris — ho had many friends especially at the British Embassy. . Some of the young men belonging to the Embassy were still compelled to remain in town. Of these he made- inquiries, but his friends could not assist' . him much. He could only ask them i vaguely about English families who had lately been in Paris or were still there. They could only tell him of the Ronaldsous, who had run up for a few days from Dieppe ; of the Stratnsbys who were going back to Scotland ; and, quite inappropriately, of the delightful American girls who had stayed to the very; last of the season, bus whose mother had carried them away, no one quite knew where, several weeks ago. There was nothing satisfactory in this. Conrad did not want quite to give up his secret — to let it pass into other- hands;- He cherished it ; he olung to it; it gave him a motive for living— which,: as he thought, he sadly wanted. He began to forget his own trouble in study ing out and striving to construct the story of bin self- created heroine. An idea began to get hold of him. Why should he not make a story of it? Why not try his literary hand in that way ? But he put the idea aside. Suppose the real heroine of the tale came to find that somebody had turned her and her misfortune into " copy." He could not bear the thought. No, it must be his secret alone — and hers of course — but it must not be given to the big stupid public at so much a page. With the audacity of a novice in literature Conrnd did not contem plate the possibility of editors and 'publishers decliningthe completed copy with thanks. No, his thought was of a story ringing iu the public ear far and wide, becoming the talk of the day, and - so at last reaching the oar and wounding the heart of the poor suffer ing and secluded hetoine. The more he brooded over the whole subject the more the heroiue be came a real and concrete being to him. He thought very little about the lover, except that now and then he flung an execration along' his undiscovered path. His theory was that the girl was young, that the man was much older — per haps a married man who had passed himself off as single, and so won the girl's guileless affections — and the discovery came and the ring was flung away. What, in any case, had all this to do with . Jim Oonrad? Were not his afl'eotiona blighted utterly ? What was it to him whether there was in the world one more disappointed being than he had known of before? Suppose he oould find hor out, what good oould he do for her ? He could hand her back her ring of course ; but assuming that she had deliberatoly thrown it away it did nob seem likely that she would be very grateful for having it handed back. Still we aro afraid that a disap pointed lover, even in the early .< bit terness of his disappointment, is' not the least likely of men to open his heart to a new sensation, even to the chance of a new wound. The actual fact is that Jim began to dream and moon about this imaginary heroine until he almost persuaded himself that he had been appointed by Providence to find her out and charm her grief away. All this was very absurd to be sure, but then these romantic young men will be absurd sometimes — always. Every doy regularly Jim made a pilgrimage to tho Bois de Boulogne, and hung about the spot where he had found his perplexing possession. The idea was in his mind that if the owner of the ring Bhould ctill be in Paris she might be tempted to haunt the place with which,she had suoh melanoholy associations. The impulse of moat people is to avoid such a scene — but it .is not the impulso of all. .Therearesome who have the ghost's faculty highly and morbidly developed in them, and cannot keep themselves from ro-visiting a scene of suflering. It would be more; like a man than like a woman, Jim thought, to haunt the grave of a buried happiness, but still there might be women too who would do it. This woman might be oho who would do it. So he went to the place every day and lingered there and watched every woman, and indeed every man, who passed the railings, and who gave any glance, however short and sudden, in the one particular direction. But no one stopped there, man or woman — nordid any woman whopassed give, him the idea of a heroine and a tragic story. He was so often there lingering about the same place that he began to recognise faces of men and women who appeared to be regular passers- by there — and indeed people began to notice him. and more than one "sergent de ville.". appeared to take a deep and curious interest in hiB movements, - or rather - in his lack of any particular movement. But he haunted the piace all the same, and let authority form any suspicions it .pleased. , ' ; Jim got into a way of- sitting up late. in his bedroom of nights, study ing the ring. He used to set it before him on his table and survey it as though by constant turning it over and over he could got at the heart of its mystery. He thought of wearing it publicly on his necktie,, and thus offering it on exhibition and seeing whether somebody would not claim' it. But here again came in the possibility of hurting the Soul of the fair sufferer. If she were still in Paris and happened to see her ill-gifted ring thus published and blazened forth by a stranger, what could her' feel ings be — her sense of desecrated grief ? No, that expedient could not bearied. In any case it would probably come to ! nothing. The advertisements in the ; papers had not procured him one single question, answer, or suggestion of any kind. (to be .continued,) 