F&C;&3 and Stoomars, D 'Bih. Winter. Banquet. Coursing. More rain wanted. Burglaries at Orroroo. Share boom in Adelaide. Engineers strike settled. Big fire in New Zealand. A dead of sickness about. Progressive League progressing. Australian cricketers still successful The ' Shadowy Angel" has visited Glad stone again. Daylight robberies in the suburbs of Adelaide Mr A. E. Roberts, M.P., has been gaz etted a J.P. Mr liutt has been appointed Assistant Engineer-in-Chief. ,c Caia Agricola" doesn't believe in the Progressive League. Fifteen hundred persons killed by a cyclone in America. Her Majesty the Queen lias been reign ing nearly sixty years. A bridge collapsed in British Columbia and 62 lives were lost. W. G. Grace has made his 108th century in first class cricket. How sweet and pleasant io is to eat. a big dinner lor one's country. Mr R. W. Mc Donald shot himself at Koolvardie on Saturday last. They have got the tick plague in Queensland. So have we here. The man who lives only for himself is engaged in very small business. Sir J Rnssel Reynolds a distinguished surgeon died in London recently. If all flesh is grass, Sarah Bernhardt must have been raised during a drought. A Dr Bannerman of West Australia accidentally shot a telegraph operator. A man named Benjamin Scott aged 8f , dropped dead in Adelaide on Monday lust. The Spanish Government have pur chased two ironclads at a cost of £1460000. A man named Robins and his wife were killed by a locomotive in Victoria,, The banquet to the Hon J H Howe on Wednesday last was highly successful Meeting to be held at Jamestown to morrow re the formation of a Progressive League. Mr Robert Nairn an old and respected resident of Kapunda died sudden y recently. Mr W Copley M.P. made a go; d speech at the Australasian National league meeting. Quiz in a report of a dance held at Laura says that Mr W Sing J.P. provid- d the music. It is curious what scoundrels the men are who disagree with the average partisan newspaper. Harry Yates a well known and respected resident of the town died on Tuesday last. In prosperity it is very easy to find a friend, but in adversity it is the most ditfl cult of all things. A bacholor having advertised for a wife to share his lot, was asked what the size of his lot was. Misunderstanding and inattention create more uneasiness in the world than decej « tion and artifice. Tbe inventor of a machine that will darn socks says — No married man ought to be without one. The damage done by the recent cyclone in America has been estimated at 20,000,000 dollars. Mr T. W. Pearl, chemist of Norwood and late of Port Germein attempted to poison himself on Monday last. Enquiring. Chiid — Papa why do people cry at weddings?' Papa abstracter y Most of era have been married themselve . A little girl named Shore of the Sema phore managed to get a toy down her throat and died before it could be removed. It makes no difference how little a boy is, when his mother scolds him she always says — Yon ought to he ashamed of your self, a big boy like you. Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do when it ought to be done whether you like it or not. At a feast given to 600,000 peasants in honor of the coronation of the Czar of Russia the crush was so great that 2,100 ; were killed and a huge number injured. Mrs Bliffers (looking up from the paper). Of all things! A couple who have lived to gether tor sixty years have applied for a divorce. Mr Bliffers — My, my I Sixty years 1 I don't wonder. Mr Israel Taylor, J.P., has been selected to fill the vacancy caused by the death, of the late Mr. J. T. Close Mayor of Laui a.. No matter how strongly a man pretends that he doesen't believe in ghosts it may be doubted if he ever goes by a churchyard I at midnight without feeling as if something j were going to clutch him from behind, j A farmer and his wife went into a den- j fist's rooms. " flow much do you charge for fiillin' teeth?' asked the farmer. "Five shillings and upwards." "And for pull in'?" "Haifa crown". "Maria" he said turning to his wife, " you better have it pulled." " You are charged, sir," said the Police Magistrate, " with attainting to kiss this woman on the street. Do you plead guilty or not guilty?' '"four Honor," replied the blear- eyed prisoner taking a good look at the prosecuting witness, "f plead insanit; Clergyman (solemnly) — greatly sym pathise with you- in your affliction, madam, but you shouid not abandon yourselt to grief. Yuu should know where to turn for consolation. Young Widow — But who. would want to marry a woman with three children The Orroroo Enterprise office has been, broken into by burglars who " made a diligent .search -for valuables without result," Just fancy looking for valuables in a country newspaper office. The police had better look for a lunatic if tkeg- want to find the offender.. 