Clje i\apun&a; Btralti FRIDAY, JUNE, J 9 1896. PABLIAMENT. On Tuesday Parliament met for the despatch of business. On that day the work of Parliament began with the useless and time-wasting custom of dealing with the Address-iu-Reply to the Governor's speech, but when the business of the country will be taken in hand is hardly known for certainty, it depending entirely upon the temper of the House respecting the reply to the address at the open ing of Parliament, or, to give its correct appellation, the policy of the Government. The custom is at. old onp, aud may have been initiated for a wise purpose, and, 110 doubt, atone time it accomplished its object ; but to-dav it is grossly abused, aud is simply made the medium of spite ful attacks upon Ministries and hypercritical debates upon their policies. In th's connection, per haps, it has a ghost of a redeeming feature, inasmuch as it act? as a vent for the eseape of the spleen, vitupera tion, and nonsense with which Opposition members have become charged to high pressure during the recess, aud if some tneaus could be devised by which the" blow-off' could be successfully controlled within something approaching reasonable bounds, the custom could be tolerated as a necessary evil. Of course, that it gives an opportunity for discussing the Government policy in a manner that does not occur subsequently is not forgotten, and, unfortunately for the country, it is not overlooked by members of Parliament, who have an idea that they have sage-like opinions which the country demands that they should express at the greatest possible length which their extensive vocabulary and meDtal and physical endurance will allow. They appear to have imbibed the fallacy that in the multi tude of words there is wisdom, and hence, metaphorically, they wander from pole to pole ill their com man-place, and frequently irrelevant, platitudes or prejudiced criticisms. I11 addition to t his, there is usually a spirit of strong personal antipathy and also .attempts to storm the Treasury benches for the purpose of occupying the positions of power and, most important of all, increased pay. Occasionally there is a little patriotism at the back of the Opposition, but very rarely, notwithstanding the pro fession that is invariably made. It is J with these disadvantages that the j country has to submit to tlieord.al of I witnessing and paying for the dis- I cussion on llie address-iti-reply to j the comparatively harmless speech of j His Excellency at the openiug of Parliament. ! The speeches ou Tuesday, however, I were not characterised by undue length, except that of Mr. Copley, who spread himself out a little, and their tune »as lenient, except Mr. I Butier's remarks, in which an un- ! necessary attack was made 011 | Wr. Copley. Mr. lioberts, tne i (Dover of the motion for the adop- ; tion of the Address-in-Replv, struck a j note which had much wisdom in it, j and supported very muc<> of what has ; been said in our introductory remarks, j He s.iid he felt iuclined to .simply | move the motion and resume his seat. I and this inclination was strengthened I when he read the first paragraph of j His Excellency's speech— "" ! have summoned Parliament for thi- despatch of business." He ielt &are; that it < would be well to say as little as poa^ sible on motions which were useless. If Mr. Roberts is as wise oji oihec poims as he is on this particular one, Parliament and the country" wit! have reason to be proud of his services. "Whether he is or not. members gener ally will do trell to follow his esaniplo in this particular matter. The motion is a useless one. because if the object is only to afford an opportunity of discussing i''e Government policy, and not ostensibly through incumbency to reply formalIv to His Excellency's declaration <>£ the policy, the opportu nity could just as easily, and" more bo, be given in a motion moved "Jbv the Premier to the effect thai the'Govern ment. policy as announced bp adopted, by tiw House. This would obviate' a week's delar through adjournment to prepare the address, and ivould go straight to the root of the theme of the speeches duriu'* the first tew .weeks* . (more or less) work of the Parliament. If the Opposition were dissatisfied with the policy or any other material act of thf G-overnment, an amend ment could be moved at once, without the roundabout method of virtually being ciseourteoas to His Excellency for the real and fancied defects of the policy or general delinquency of the Government.' All this -unnecessary antiquated ceremony, and consequent delay, in dealing, with the needs of the country means .expense to the State, and for that, if for no other reasons ill t,liesv depressed times,- should be put under the pruning knife of economy, and thus be made to conform to the necessities of the period. How long the present debate is likely to last is a mystery, hut- it will probably tun into a fortnight, if "not longer, and if the Opposition can feel that they have a sufficient following an attempt may be made to oust the Ministry yvhich. has broken ihe record for occupancy of office, it may go on for a month or more, ending up with a -verbal fight, -which perhaps would result in an appeal to the country. The probabilities of. Bjch a climax, however, are somewhat remote at present, thoush no one knows what, may be hatching in the fertile minds of the Opposition. It has only been the senses of weakness oh the part of the Opposition that -has graciously preserved the Ministeripl lives of Mr. Kingston and bis col leagues for a period over which tliey can look with pride as having been greater than thai enjoyed by any other Ministry that has preceded them in the political history of the colony. The io'eal of a Parliament ia not a, place where the Ins and Oats are always at loggerheads and ever striv ing to reverse the order of things. It should be a place where all irieefc for the purpose of conducting the business of the country in a manner . that would be only for the country's welfare, and where the Ins and Outs are such in name only, the one assist ing the other to devise and carry out I measures of the greatest usefulness. : Hut that state of things is not at all likely to be arrived at on this side of the millennium,rs very'few men are not inspired by selfish motives when legis lation is being made. It may not be conscious and intentional selfishness,, but it exists nevertheless. Failing tiit* spirit that would bring about such, a state of things, a little calm judg ment and an acquired desire to do one's best to carry ont political obligations might be cultivated with advantage. Kaptxitda Hospital.—The secretary re ports as follows for tbe week ending Juno 17, 1808 : — Admitted, -2; dis charged, 1; died, 0 ; remaining in hospital, 14. Totalizator Fractions.— The totaliza tor tractions from the Birthday Muetinjf of the Adelaide llacin" Club amounted to £191 lSs. Tin's sum has been divided amongst various institutions, tbe Kapundst Hospital receiving ,£10. Dextisxey.—In another column Mr. A. ' Dua\ci«l. surireoa-dentist, of Kapunda,. anuouui-es that on June 22 he will visit Frefilin<j; Greenock on the 23rd; Angas Park on the 21th ; Tanunda oil the 23th and 26th; and Angaston on the 27th and 2Sth. Ti.Kt.EK Couksing Cuoe.—The Tarlee coursing niefctiupj will be held, weather per mitting, on July 14 and 15. First dog, .£12 ; runner-up, i*6 ; third doff, .£3 ; and ! three do;_p at 25?., providing stake fills, j Nominations. .£1, with members' fee of 5s., <-1 '=o with Mr. \V. Simpson, Tarlee, on July 1 Dili. | The Eev. K. Btb>t3, D.D.—For tbe past J week 'the 11-v. F. llyrue, D.D., has been : -uu'criiv; tvom heniorrlicja of the nose. The 1 in•* i:ou?hIi-r.iiL-. and the . patient has becii u-cafefued very mueh by it. On ci^uiry yesterday we learned that the j bleeding had been abated by Dr. Glynn, and that tli'-. rev-, gentleman is now on the I way to bis usual health. Photo-Jitspar.—Mr. Ales. Gurr, who has been established as a photographer in Hiil otivet, near Bible Christian Church, for several weeks, announces that he has cnf-eyed upon his last week in Kapunda. haviDjr made arrangements to visit Eudimda- Mr. Gurr's notice appears in another column, to ivliieh attention is. drawn. District Council Xohixatio.is.—The annual nomination of candidate* to fill the vacancies in district councils throughout » the colony took place on Monday last. If tins presence of candidates can create interest, the election in the Kapuuda dis trict should be unusually interesting. Only in one ot' the wards (Invermay) is there a •• walkover." In Brewery Ward there are four nominations; in Boss's Creek tour: ail in i>a_r >t's Well two. Mr. J. P. Orchard lias been nominated for both Brewery and Ross's Creek Wards, in the hitter ward reoeivitisj seven nomina tions. The elections will be held on Monday, ,Iuiy (j. JDklays ON TBI; XoBTHLiKE.-In the Bouse jroods trucks, but the average daily delay during 13 days of this month was only IS minutes. An endeavor would be made to avoid detention in future. SiiEa Tent.-—On Tuesday' evening last D;OJK. T.Ofiverand D.SJ.T. W. W. Win wood visited- the-Salem and Princess Irene Tents, IjO.Ev,jat Kapunda, said installed the, following officers:—Salem,.Teat—C.E., P. Nettle; D.K,W.G. A.Trevena; treasurer, J. fiogers; levife% gjiardiaa, If. \- I>yer. -Prineesslrene C.Et,.,S. Ellis ; D.IL, S. •ileniiennettj levite, B. Ralph ; gwriSii, F;,Bp!gers,, .At. the close of the business a social was held, an. enjoyable and profitable^time feeing, spent. Dsns C. ^IcMrtLEif.—The Adelaide jjapei-sof Thursday contained the ■ announeement of -tUe death of, Mr. C. ■ iTcMillen, at G«vfir-stteet,}forth Adelaide, on Hie previous ,.dky.. Mr. McMillen was a commercial travellet for MesSrsJ Rhodes, of Adelaide, having tome from Belfast in 1880 ' exjwesgiy to"! jointieir staff, and he ; ■was wEU-fcnorin ["throughout the. lower i north, ^md ;at;£apunda, especially, be. bad I Jnany .feieii^s. He."jvas of a.very genial disposifibn^ KufTwithkl ai good,* straight forward piasf of trusiriess, i-nfl ' Was every where highly'ieEteenied. Occasionally lie did a littteinthe^ntertaiii-rrient line, and on several ^occasions, Kapundaaudiences bare Jieara. his dramatic 'recitals. We believeMr. McMillendied of inflammation of thelun'gs.' "" L$TE Q.'skitr.-^Qmag to lie shifting of. the ballast through the heavy rains about two niiles . south of : Hauiley Bridge on j Monday,ithe noriilj* train was Relayed some" j hours. :TEe last" train W' Kapuniia, there fore, had to' be detained iat Eoseworthy, j and it didnot'TCiajch here until 10.39 p.m. j It is a"pityi#iatjfche agitation., of a, few J "weeks agofor^an alteration to .lie, rnafte ' "with tbe/vfcw.'pf thelast train to KafouncLi xeachinglerie^^rUer^Em ; it does was hot ; more sucrasSuL Tte number of passen ' gers frbth-the'uorth who wish- to connect, with, the Kapunda strain .is .very small, frequeatly aone at ail. -we, believe, aad the mail <»idd.very w^Il be left at Bosewdrthy • -or takenon to.Gawler for the ui-rlit.s The north • train/as the result of the traffic, is seldom punctual, ttnd tie Kapunda train lias now to waitfor it, whereas it could, without incc-n.-enience to aii3" number of travellers, ^me[ straight on. * "it will lie seen _ tjy a.^a^^apV el5®where thit tie ^ matter was Ijronght before the Government;. fcy Mr- D/MoOdyiJilJCi on ^ednesd.iy. . A BEc»KD-,MiNreTEY-—To-day (snyz the -AdBeriisfr of Tuesday) the Kingston Minis- '. try is thiee years old,ia,hditis the ! only Cabinet" la ; me history of constitutional go vernmeiftiirSoiifch Australia which lias * atlained-ttuitage- - The first Parlia ment of. "the proviace-asseuibled onAprii 22. 1S57, "the Premier then in office being the late Sir. Boyle Trovers [ T"inniss. Since' tliat date the 'gentlemen who have -held the position df'Prinie Mimsterirj the order, of ■ their appearand on the-political scene are; —Mr. John Baker. Sir 31. B. Torrens. Sir H- D, ,H^son,;jilr. T.Beynolds, Mri' G. M. ' Wateihottse, Mri'iF. Button (2), Sir Henry. Ayere/5),SirArthur Blyt}i (3), Mr. John Hart (3), Mr. Justice ^Uoueaut (3), -Mr. H. B-T^Stran-Twajs, Sir John; Coltou - (2), Sir Williara * Morgan, Sir John Bray, Sir John Downer (2), Mr. T. Playford (2), Dr. Cockburn, and Mr. F. W. Holder. The "three Premiers' -whose names appear last oa the list Were all associated with' the Kingston Government when it was first formed. • A CKNjaiQUS —^Between 6 and 7 ? o'clock last Monday evening (sayj. ; tbe Jiarrier lMiiier -of June 13) Sergeant Broots, at the Sydney Central Police Station, received-an envelope addressed " Central lolice Stetion. Ati once," with -the last two wt,rds undeilined in red ink! It contained three-railway tickets for the conveyance of a passenger from iJewcastlfetb CoTiax. -The ' ticket from Kewcastle'to. Sydney 'had 'been vsed.: ^ie sei^^anttelephonedtothe Ked ferh railway etatton. imnuidiately. It happened,tiisi a fTW)inan lia<l just called on the etationmas'ter/ aiSl was "in the att' of ^letailing heriii^6Hi'oe*to%imTati3ie very time the message came Ih rou; £he said' all her-money vas in lhe;puiseehe had lost, and she was penniless and friendless, and a long way,from homi-.. Tie woman "was in great distress, for she didmot know liow to get to her home. ■Constable-Donovan . was dispatcbed -H-ith thii tickets, and the woman was able' to depart by her proper train. Thse Siiv^-Tios Acsrr.Soe^ii'lWojaK.— The annual reseus meetings in connection with the local branch of the Salvation Army were held on ""Sunday and Monday last.' Mafor Spratt, assisted by Captaiti a.nd Mrs. Oerler, led meetings at the barracks. on Sunday, .'and spoke oh- the, sotaai work: xjf j the :Army. On . Monday night a meeting was held in the Wesleyan Xfectane'Hali, idiea the ^xescu-? and social wcri was spoken: upon at length, the madeof irorkat the differentiomes of this colony heing 'fully explained. Captain Oerler, who- has been stationed ax the. Prison Gate Brigade Home, Henley Beach toad, for the past two years, has tafcea an active part in the wort ot the different industries of this institution, viz., mat making, picture tcamin-i', mount, cutting, carpentry and joinery, &e.; Mrs. . Gerler also explained the working of the Kescue Home, Kin^t William-street, Adelaide, and the Maternity Home, Morphett-street. The" figures given for these homes for , ihe year ending December, 1893, were as follows:— • r- .y.G. JB. Hcscwe ' 'JIa'tT' .Home Home Home; So.-admitted ... 126 - 58 30: Sent to situations 38 24 15 Sestored to'friends 6 10 13 Seat to hospital ... 2 6 3 iieftofon-Ti atcord ,57 16 — Dismissedbreach rajTs 4 1 — Found srork own accord 24. — . — Meids supplied 20,173 10,345 17.42s Beds supplied 6,5S0 3,751 6.812 Captain and Mrs. Gerler, who are. visiting ■ a number of towns in the colony, are doinj tbe iburuey on "hikesj" Memoeiai. St evice.—On Siiiiday even ing last the Eev. C. T. Jfewman' conducted service at the Kapunda Wesleyan Church in inemory ot the late Mrs. W J. M. Oats. There wasagood coogre<ratioh. Mr. Sen' man took as his text Phil i, 21—" Ft<r to me to jive is Christ, , and to die is gain." After,explaining the circumstances under ■whicb Paid uttered tbe v. ords of the text, Mc,.Nenyuan said it had pleased God in ilis wise'-apd strangely mysterious provi dence, , to permit a heavy cloud to hovsr around .the, home of one of the families connected Witb tbat cbiircli,a.nd ftom out 1 of 'that- cloud'the ' Arigel of Dejith had emerged and claimed thepurified soul of a beloved wifeahd mother, and had taken it to God. 'He referrBd to the late Mrs. Henrietta Oats, whom God had called home to Himself a few days ago. She was one of whom thny thought with tn° grra fe-.t feelings of respect and esteem and uac whom they had known to love. She had b-en a Sunday-school tttacher.aiid had taken an active interest in the various other works of the church. They ail knew her cheerful disposition and her '.v:varying desire to help in tbe cause ot God in that church, and the remembrance of that service would ever be cherished by them. The late Mrs. Oats was born at Gawler iu 1S59, and came to Kapunda when she -was about, sixteen years. of age. Mr. Newman also made reference to the death of Mr. John Pnscoe {son of Mr. James Pascoe, of Taylor's <fc»p), which tookplaepin West Australia recently. At the ciose.of the sermon Mr. J. Trevor . row played, the " Dead March in Saul." the j congregation rising to their feet as a mart ' of respect for the dead. Bantu Costciset.—A v<iiy successful con cert was given ou "Wednesday evening at I the Institute Hall in aid of the Kapunda brass baud which was recently formed under the direction of Mt. Carl Anderson, j There was a large,attendauce, and the pro- 1 gramme was well carried out. Prior to j tiieopeniupf of the entertainment the band rendered several selections of music at the j ' front of the Institute in a very excellent J manner, considering that it has only ; been in existence a, few months, and ' the unanimous verdict, of. the numerous J listeners was that the band deserved .! credit for the progress they bad made. The 1 programme opened with a selection by the [ band—a waltz, "Soinmer Kegen." The 1 time was well marked, and the rendition otherwise good. The imn<l also opened the I second part of the programme with a i pretty intermezzo, " Hypatia." Both numbers were loudly applauded. Mr. T. j Irey was successful in his song, " The j Wolf/" as also was Miss Wlieatley in her song, "The Better Land." and both received ] approbation. Mr. T. Jeffs recited " Idyl of j an Artist" and " Shameus O'Brien," for j ■which be was awarded the thanks of j the audience. .Miss Yeoman, who was ; suffering from a cold, was unable to k^sp ; lier promise, and her absense was apologised j for by His Worship the Mayor. Mr. Carl j Anderson indicated bis versatility by, in j addition to leading the band, appearing as a soloist in the sons," "The Young Brigade,"as a comic singer in "Jdliiinie. Go into tbe Garden," and with. Mr. A. .Smith in a'banjo duet. All the numbers were loudly applauded, the audience insist ing on arepeiitlonof the last verse of tlie comic song. Miss Thomas played *a piano forte solo in a skilful manner, and also sang " The. Promise of Life" effectively. The Misses J}ay sang " The Sailor Sighs," their voices blending sweetly. The Rev. C. S. Hornabrook gave as a reading " The Helief of Iiueknow," fairly well interpret ing its spirit." Miss M. Nicolle rendered a pianoforte sola in a proficient manner. Mr. F. J. Ansell also gave a song. Two glees— "Chaffers" and "Comrades in Arms"— were well rendered by. the Kapunda <Jle« ■Club, and the i>rogramme concluded with the National Anthem played by tbe band. Before tbe second pait of tlie programme was proceeded with, His Worship tbe Mayor {Mr. E. James) ascended the plat form, and on behalf of the band thanked the performers for their assistance and the audience for their attendance. He spoke in praise'of the Splaying of the band, and (expressed the wisb that the first eDtertain- . ment the band bad given wouldiiot be the last. He believed years ago that Kapuuda boasted of a band surpassed by none in the colony, and be- believed that Kapunda could, under the. able, tuition of Mr. Carl Anderson, still raiss a band that would be ia, credit to tbe town and tbe colony. (Applause.) Miss E. Daw acted as accom panist for tbe singers in her customary efficient manner. 