Cardinal Moran and the Protes tant Bishop of Goulbum. ? * ? ? Tins following letter appeared in the Humid of tho 10th iiiBfc : — (TO THIS KMTOU- OI-' 'I'll IC IIKRAI.D.) Sir, — Tn n. f'orinor lottor I. distinctly pointed out two misstatemontsmado by Dr. Chalmers in his recent attacks on the Catholic Church. In his lettor published in the Sydney Hominy Herald on yostorday ho refers indeed to my accusation, but makes no attempt at dofenco, and wo may therefore m-osumo that ho allows iudu'inont to go by default. Ho plunges, howover, into a number of othor statements which, ho says, ' may serve to open people's oyes to the profane absurdities' of Catholic, teaching. Those statements, however, which ho sots forth are not Catholic teach ing, but are tho more effusions of his own poetical imagination. It was a Scotchman, I bolieve, who said of somo Anglican friend that ho never openod his mouth but he put his foot in it. Somo similar sad and perverse fate appears to have befallen my good friend of Goulburn. He returns to tho quostion of tho ortho doxy of Keonan's Catechism, and thus writes: — 'In order that in this case there 1)0 no protenco of mutilated extracts, I will give in full tho question and answer to which I referred.' Ho then cites as follows the question and answer : — ' Quostion : Must not Catholics bol iovo the Popo him self to bo infallible P Answer: This is a Protestant invention. It is no articlo of the Catholic faith, etc.' Now, I regret to bo again obliged to accuse Dr. Chalmers of inaccuracy. In tho question in tho catechism as cited by him ono small particle is omitted, which, however, is of no small importance. 'The quostion as put in the catechism is, ' Must not Catholics boliove the Popo in h'ins:.-ll! to bo infallible ? ' The technical Avord.-.-, 'tho .Popo in himself infallible' rofor to tho personal infallibility of tho Pope, which is a more Protestant fable, and is quite contrary to tho teaching of tho Church. According to tho Catholic doctrine tho Popo is infallible only whou ho spoaks ex cathedra; that is, when in the disohargo of tho ollico of pastor and doctor of all Christians, by virtue of tho supreme apostolic authority, he defines a doctrine concerning1 faith or morals to bo held by tho Universal Church. It is in this case alone that Catholics bolieve tho successor of St. Peter to inherit the infallibility with which tho Redeemer endowed His Church when Ho said to tho Apostles, ' Oo yo, and teach all nations j teaching them to observe all things Avhatsoever 1 have com manded you, and bohold, I am with you all days, ovon to tho consummation of the world.' I beg to rouiind Dr. Chalmers that I. am not minimising in any way tho teaching of tho Church, but merely stating what the belief of tho Church is. Cardinal Manning writes that by the Vatican decrees regarding infallibility, 'all the acts of the Pontiff as a private person, or a private doctor, or as a local bishop, or as a sovereign of a State, aro excluded, In all these acts tho Pontiff may bo subject to error ; in one, and only ono capacity, ho is exempt from error; that is, as teacher of tho whole Church,1' Cardinal Morgourdthor a.lso writes that I ho infallibility of tho Popo, ' which is' his only as teacher, preserves him indood from falsifying tho doctrines of tho Church as to faith and morals, but is no security that he will always rightly apply these doctrines, and never personally commit nil offence against thorn.' Dr. Chalmers omits other passages of Keonan's Catechism, which allow no doubt as to the writer's meaning, as for instauco, when at page SM ho tolls us that Christ appointed St. Peter and his successors as His chief vicars to govern His Church; and whon again wo read in tho following page : — ' Question i Does Christ anywhere offer up a special pray or for Peter's faith without including' in this prayer the. rest of tho Apostles ? Answor : Yes. Luke xxii., ilU, Christ says to Peter: But [ have prayod for thoo that thy faith fail not, and thoii, being ouco converted, conn* nil thy brethren.' Dr. Chalmers takes mo to task in that I was content with explaining Canon Oakh\v'd words, and .made no reference to other passages cited from LAithor Fabor and i\ Lsipide. But as the passages thus cited by Dr. Chalmers wore practically the name, having explained one I. gavo tho key to the explanation of all. The writers thus referred to merely teach the Catholic doctrine that in the mystery of tho Incarnation our Divine Lord assumed our human nature in tho chaste womb of the Mossed Virgin. This is the doctrine which Dr. Chalmers himself is supposed to profess ; in the Athanasian Crood. As regards - Father Faber, to whom Dr. Chalmers now particularly rofors, ho indignantly rejected I tho tenet of tho presence of tho Blessed Virgin in the Eucharist, but ho writes , that tho most precious Blood, the prico of , our redemption, which is thero received, was ; assumed from tho puro blood of tho Blessed j Virgin, and he takes occasion from this to ! illustrate how beautifully the dogma of the Immaculate Conception harmonises Avith tho mystory of the Incarnation. In \ the paragraph immediately preceding the words given by Dr. Chalmers, Father Fabor thus writes: — ' Tho precious 'Blood | was assumed directly to our Blessed Lord's ! Divino Person from His Immaculate ; Mohhor. Mary's blood was tho material j out of which the Holy Ghost, tho third ; person of the most Holy Trinity, the artificer of the sacred Humanity, fashioned ; tho Blood of Jesus. Here Ave see how i needful to tho joy and gladness of our ; devotion is tho doctrine of tho Immaculate i Conception. Who could bear to think that j tho matter of tho precious Blood had ever i been itself corrupted with tho taint of sin, that it had once been part of tho devil's kingdom, that what Avas to supply the free prico of our redemption was once enslaved j to God's darkest, foulest onemy ? Is it not j indeed an endless daily jubilee to us that j tho Church has laid upon us as an article j of our .faith that sweot truth which tho j instincts of our devotion had so long made j a real part of our belief.' Tho toaching ; of the illustrious Jesuit commentator, h Lapido, is nothing more than a repetition of tho same doctrine. | As regards Row Dr. Littlodalo, it was ! stated in an obituary notice in an English journal that ho held a benefice in England, j Whethor this be correct or not is a matter of no interest. What is of inrportance is tho fact that hois quite discredited as a con- | trovorsialist. A. pamphlet which ho | entitled ' Why Ritualists do not become [ Roman Catholics' was convicted of such ! iwitruthfulncss and unfairness by Mr. j Orby Shipley that tho English Church : Union, under whoso auspices it was ; published, was compelled to withdraw it i from circulation. Dr. Chalmers remarks of Littledalo's ' Plain Reasons ' that ' it j remains un refuted.' Dr. Chalmors must ! suppose his roadors to bo very ignorant of | Catholic literature whon ho ventures on ! such it statement. Many years ago it was '. refuted by Father Ryder, of the Oratory, in : a very cheap, clear, and conciso work i entitled' Catholic Controversy : A reply to , Dr. Littledalo's Plain Reasons;' and since j then every argument in it has boon a ; hundred times unmasked by Father Jones, S.J., and othor Catholic writers. .What is ; deserving of remark', not a fow Anglican clergymen have exposed tho inaccuracies and errors of the protontious work which j Dr. Chalmers eulogises. For instanco, Row Dr. Lee, vicar of A 11 Saints', Lambeth, tabulates tho gross mistakes of tho 'Plain Reasons ' as follows : — ' Regarding historical facts, 51; regarding dogmatical facts, -.M ; regarding inaccurate quotations from writers on history and canon law, 21); rogarding historical and theological quotations half made, often with ro niarkablo omissions, 80 ; rogarding quotations from the Fathers which aro found to bear an entirely different moan ing from that which Dr. Littledalo put \ipon them, 2d'j etc.' Row Dr. Loo's description of his method of controversy would seem almost a picture of somo of Dr. Chalmers' letters : ' When ho has boon exposed and refuted, ho never confesses and apologises, but waits till ho thinks that the refutation is forgotten, and then brings up tho discredited statement as fresh as over.' Such is tho controversialist who, according to Dr. Cha'lmers' protontious eulogy, has never been refuted. Dr. Chalmers has harped more than onco i on a supposed misstatmnont of mine regarding some Protestant nuns at Go\tl burn. I statt d that in an oxcolleut ! community of such nuns, introduced there several years ago, about half tho number became Catholics. I beliovo my statement to be quite correct. Tho priest is still j living who received threo of them into the j Catholic Church, ami the Bishop is still i living who administered tho Sacrament of Confirmation to two of them after boing roceived into tho Church. To say that they wore not real nuns is a mere subter fuge. Everyone recognises that it is only j in the Catholic Church true nuns are to be I found. Howover, those oxcollent ladies lived together, visited tho sick, and Avore popularly known as Protestant nuns. I. consider, therefore, that I 'was fully justified in tho statement which I mado. As regards tho Wesloyan Missionaries in tho islands of tho Pacific, to whom Dr. Chalmers also refers, they aro quito able to take care of themselves. Any statements Avhich I mado relating to thorn I believe to bo conformable to truth, but I decline to accept his patronage in thoir regard. Perhaps, however, it is his desire as a result of the synodal determinations to expand the motherly mantle of the Anglican Church over thorn. For my part, if such be tho case, I wish all joy to tho happy family. The Anglican Church, half a century ago, was described by Lord Macaulay as ' a bundle of religious systems without number : a hundred sects battling within one Church.' Embracing now the various branches of Nonconform ists, the number of her sects avDI be ten thousand, and at no distant day, her proud boast shall bo more than realised that she ' includes, within her undofined pale, partisans of every religious tenet, theory, or opinion, however opposite and contra dictory, which Protestantism has at any time or by any agoucy introduced into tho world.' Dr. Chalmers ends his letter Avith Avhat he evidently intends to present as a French quotation, but what in reality is sheer French balderdash. It might Avell pass muster at somo of the synodal meetings j but before he ventures again to cito French in the public Press I would rocommend him to consult somo friend acquainted with tho idiom of the language. As a parting Avord of advico to Dr. Chalmers, I would .:ay, ' Do not write any further controversial letters for some time.' It is manifest that the more ho plunges, the deeper he sinks in the mire. ' Stuck in tho mud ' would, perhaps, bo a some Avhat aAvkAvard epitaph for ' William Goulburn.' I have endeavoured to stroch out a helping hand to him ; but, as he appears to resent my friondly aid, it only remains for mo, Mr. Editor, with your kind pormission, to leave him thero. — I am, etc., © Patmick F. Cardinal Moran. October 9. 