the storyteller. the phantom hoofs. Jir A. M. II. Mountains and gullies were a study in hi,,. and white. It was black in the gullies »);<■ it the shadows lay, white where ,1,,, moonbeams gleamed. The dismantled behind us stood on a natural terrace j,i.111 u)i the side of the range, along which i,.led the haunted track—a track with . bends, dips, and rises in it. It was w, i ■ enough for two men to ride abreast. ,-ite the gate it ended, where there was n dangerous drop of 5011. to the stones below, jli-'i'vay betwixt the broken gate and the ,.je we sat upon a logand waited. Range n'li, .-'range rose before our eyes, and in the 1„. u I nil deceptive moonlight the stillness u,:s broken by the wailing and calling of tin em-lews. . Molted impatiently, drew out my watch, nivi jlanced at my companions, who were bniii smoking. rI'hp night was still, the. sni:e did not rise, and Nature seemed to be dunking. " li s hnlf-pnst eight now !' I said. " The gin-si is not on time to-night, anyway." " i.isien !" Tiie wliite-haired man I knew as Thomas line-1 a hand. Foster sat unmoved. Faint am? unc°rtRin at first, dying away and coming again as it follow d the devious turns in the track, there ascended to our ears the sound of a horse galloping. There was no mistaking the sound, though it was nouiiled and without the ring which shod hoofs make on rocky ground. Fifty yurds of the track lay clear hetore it came to a gully, and upon that space my eyes Were glued. Each moment the lio<-is beat more distinctly. They became deadened in the dip, where the ground was soft, seemed to tur»i the bend, find thundeo ilout again on a frantic burst right up to the gate, ten yards trom us. So realistic was it that 1 strained my eyes to catch sight of unything which might be moving, 'expected to hear the creak of the iirokni gate. A white figure—or was it a moon!" am?—slid through the gateway, and a cry swlled out upon the night air. Foster and I h id sprung to our feet. " 1 iirlews?" 1 said. I hud meant to make a statement, but my i.hue asked a question. Thomas laughed aloud. "Who knows?" he said. "Dead worn. n tell no tales." I resumed my seat upon the log. My ex perieii.e of Thouins, whom I privately re garded as badly cracked, should have led me to e.\ |M*ct some such answer. None the less it umn startling. Foster was still upon his leet, storing intently down the track. His so pi.cism of the legend ot the galloping hoofs Beeim-d as rudely shaken as mine. Without doubt—going by sound alone—a horse had galloped to the gate. The sound had d ed there; neither at the gate ncr on the tu'onlit truck was there sight or sound of hie. All whb Btill save for the rapid llitiii'.:s of the bats. " On, hang it all !" 1 broke out nervously, 'her' comes another." Aga n irom down the track came the rising and fulling of thelramp of a horse—a horse coming leisurely, at a slow canter, as a tired tuan would ride ut the end of a day's work. Anything more distinct from the frenxy of the Hying hoofs which had preceded it could Hot be imagined. It deadened in the dip as the oilier had done, and sounded on again louder and louder, right up to the gate. I leant lurward with dilating eyes, waiting the weak ot i lie gate. It did not come, neither aid the white figure nor the wailing cry. She meets only the black horse," mur mured Thomas ; "she cares nothing for the other* i" how do you know it's a black horse?" I uemandeil sharply. " You can't see any more nan we uan, i've heard of this sort of thing . I believe it's an echo myBelf." f it is." agreed Thomas. "An echo ,rom tbe other world." # snorted. I think he had meant to m,.U i , 'iUt changed his mind. Of the two tn 1 liked him the better. We were three thi^^( • m1 a 'brown together by chance in (in»».w f desolate region, united in our t: I u' fhe Lost Keef, a reef of fabulous jt ",es8 w!'h an evil reputation attached to 'xtatenoe was first revealed by a him I to & man who had befriended yenror ? stumbled upon it one day after one n a ,pat'''nt search. He confided in no reiriBio • "mite his neck when returning from had ni C"\8 lln'f. The secret of its locality ton ..o n P^sfd on hy a dyingBwagman had I# ir-' w!i.°' while looking for the reef, cumm!,! '"e under singularly painful oir kttenH ues~"a 'ttct which gave rise to the was b„. track leading to the cottage titticii j by the beats of the horses of tvimini a? bis men returning—always re* the day's search, My information located it within a circle of twenty miles, because three men were engaged in the same search it does not by any means imply that th'-y dwelt together, or even exchanged ideas on the subject. The topic_of the Lost Keef was strictly tabooed, and if at tim< s 1 blundered into mentioning it, Thomas, with a blank stare, said plainly that he regarded my simple obs< rvations as wiles to draw information from him. From the appearance of his bark but and his know ledge of the bewildering ranges, 1 concluded he had lived amongst them for years. Nor was Foster, who had but lately come, more communicative. 1 noticed that while Thomas kept to one point, Foster did his prospecting chiefly on horseback in an off hand manner. Gold there certainly was amongst those ranges, hut in such scanty quantities as would not, with our primitive appliances, pay to take, out, and such of the outBide world as knew of our occupation charitably includtd us among the great armv of men who are strong in arm but weak in bead. A chain of trilling, unconnected circum stances had brought both Foster and myself to Thomas's hut that evening, and a scornful remark about the legend of the galloping hocls had roused our unwilling host into ex citement as he begged us to come and listen for ourselves. The spirit of hospitality found no abiding place in Thomas, and taking this as a mean pretext to get us out of the hut he had an extreme aversion to strangers entering, I at first refused. But a certain disappointment on the old man's face c' anued my mind^ and induced me to make Foster do likewise, with the above startling re sult. 6 It was, and is, my belief that the sounds were an echo Iron) some distant road. I think this because the hoof-beats are mulHed, and do not ring as shod hoofs should on rocky ground ; and either Thomas or the thing we called chance interfered to make the illusion almost perfect. Yet I know men who would flinch at nothing earthly who would not for the fabulous wealth of the Lost Reef itself face the echo of the phantom hoofsat night on the haunted track, with its datiEerous drop to ihe off side—taken as you lace down the track. " It'3 an echo from this world," I re iterated from some distant road, and it just happened to come right. I olten heard ol this sort of thing before. An echo carries an awfully long way sometimes, you know." Foster, to whom I addressed myself, nodded. It suited Thomas to ignore my ex planation. " I know it's a black horse," he remarked, "because I know the Btory well. The night is young, I'll tell it to you if you like—eh, Foster?" "Fire away!" said Foster unconcernedly. He was lounging hack and looking out Irom under the shadow of his hat across the de^p gully below. Tliomus began— ' Fiiteen years ago a young man came to look amongst these hills for the Lost Iteef, depending meanwhile upon a limited income for the necessaries of life ; ami besides three paid men and a friend, who was to share the profits of the reef when tound, he brought with him his delicate young wife. She was a slender, white slip of a girl, with rullied hair like moonbeams on gold, and because she fretted at the thought of parting from him, and because the doctors said that mountain air would probably be beneficial to her, lie built the cottage, that she could live there in comfort, with her old nurse for company, during his unavoidable absences. She never had been—and never would be—robust; but with care there was no reason why her life should not he long. " It was spring when they came, and as the days slipped away he saw that if he were no nearer finding the reef, his wife was find ing health and colour. At present life to this young couple was a kind of perpetual picnic. Sometimes she rode out with him, but more olten stayed busy about her home, and, wet or shine, met him at ilie gate in the evening. When specimens were brought they would laugh and talk about the wonderful future, when the Lost Reef should bp lost no long-r, and the world should lie at their feet. Her faith was boundless. " Nor did the fruitless passing of the summer move him to despair. The reef was there, and he meant to search systematically till he found it. Up to a certain point he had definite directions such as we have, with perhaps a few particulars to make it clearer—informa tion procured Irom a dying swagraan. The curse und the glamour ot the Lost Reef is that information concerning it is always given by dying men to men who die before they can secure its vast wealth. " One evening the young wife waited at the gate till long past ihe usual time. They were prospecting at a distance then, and had ridden away in the morning. As the day light faded all returned but her husband and bis friend. From this she augured success. Standing in her white dress in the moon* light she smiled at the fancies flitting through her brain. They had at last found the reef—nothing less would detain him tor fear of alarming her—and were so weighted with the gold they could come but slowly. The vision of what all that gold Bbould do Btretched out before for. Her gentle ways endeared her to all, and one ot the men with rough carefulness had brought her a shawl. She told him, laughing, of her thoughts. She waited at the gate till half past eight, and the moon was lighting the country round as now. Then she heard the furious gallop of a horse. To the men, chatting idly together, there was a frenzy in the hoof-beats which caught their attention, but to the wife the hurry of sound showed only her husband's anxiety to bring her the good news. She slipped through the gate and ran to meet him. The cry which fol lowed was such as in its anguish and despair held the men motionless for a moment; then with one impulse they rushed to the gate. " The little white wife lay prone before the black horse, who stood shaking and snorting with fear, not of her, but of something which dragged from his near stirrup—something which had been their employer, but which the hoofs of the frantic horse and the rocky ground had deprived of all resemblance to a human being. Strong men and rough as they were they sickened at the Bight. His foot was pushed right through the stirrup, and his horse, mad with fear, had brought him home ior the last time. " For the last time his wife had waited for him. All remedies failed to revive her, and they found she, too, was dead—dead with the horror which had killed her stamped on her small, white face, with its ruffled halo of palest gold. " Late that night the friend came home; he had be-n bushed, and to the waiting men he came as one Iroin the dead, for death seemed in the air, and they imagined evil also to have befallen him. " In the pockets of the corpse,stained with blood, were lumps of almost pure gold. But not even this evidence of success could alter the resolution the three men had formed. Now and for ever they were done with the Lo t Reef, tind it who chose, and they leittl.e district almost immediately. " The fate of this prosprctor and his wife made a stir, but tli^y were little known and soon forgotten. But none would occupy the deserted cottage even for a night, bepause of the Bound of horses' hoofs coming at irregular intervals along the track which led up to it. "The black horse was known as a vicious animal, and to all concerned it appeared an accident pure and simple. One man only doubted, the father whoae idol she had been. He knew his son-in-law to be careful always of the bla-k horse, and he thought some thing suspicious. Privately he brought a black tracker and together they traced the frail back along that track, where th»y saw that only the weight on his near stirrup had kept the horse from shying over it in his dread of his horrible burden. " The trail was easy enough to follow because of the stains till they oame to a steep spur, where the black declared a horse had fallen, and where there were the tracks of not one but two horses. The nature of the ground and the age of the trail prevented his following it further, but to the one fact he swore positively—two horses had trodden where one had fallen. The idea of foul play became a mania with that unhappy father, and he sought the advice of the ablest detectives, whose opinion was that there was only circumstantial evidence of the vaguest description to go upon. " For a month he left the way clear for the man he suspected to remove gold from the reef, supposing it to have been found that day. For years the friend had climbed upwards to prosperity—climbed gradually— never dreaming that his every move was noted and weighed. For years the father has lived amongst these ranges, searching patiently for a clue. A maniac he would have been, indeed, you will say, had not Fate given him evidence enough. " Long afterwards, on that spur, he found wedged in the crack of a rock a sleeve-link with the initials 'W.G.F.' engraved on it. And the name of the friend was Walter George Forteecue, What did you say ?" "1 did not say anything," I replied. "It was Foster." "'I said 'Go on,"' said Foster gruffly, which I'll swear he did not say. The story, told aB Thomas was telling it, seemed trying to our respective tempers. He was telling it not by words alone, but by pauses, and sinkings and swellings of the voice, till the different scenes lived and breathed before my eyes. I was not so much occupied with the narrative as with the cold conviction that if Thomas were not mad, he was rapidly verging towards that state. He went on, and his voice had sunk to a hoarse growl. " Still he waits and watches, still he keeps that sleeve-link as his chiefest treasure. Fifteen years are a long time to wait, with the vision of a fair young life cut short, and the never-ending torment of the might-have been—a long time for a small, white, horror stricken face to call to him for vengeance—a long time for a murderer to live and prosper. Yet, sooner or later, now or in the distant future, he knows that that sleeve-link will do its work, and that the murderer will swingon the gallows. And of late—it rings clear as the strokes ot the phantom hoofs—he feels —and hopes—it will be soon—soon—soon 1" Across the silence the curlews were calling softly. Foster had not moved or spoken, and I judged it wise to imitate him. Either Thomas was mad on his own account, or he was the maniac father of the unfortunate wife. In either case any show of incredulity might rouse him to anger. I sat still. So there we sat, looking out across the deep, dark gully to the moonlit range be yond. The weirdness of the story and its woe, the mystery of the galloping hoofs and the tranquil night, sank deep into my being. I could picture the white-gowned girl, with hair "like moonbeams on gold," waiting at the gate, and the coming of the frantic horae with ita ghastly burden. I could pic ture, it all bo well that my one overwhelming desire was to leave the vicinity ot the haunted track and Thomas. I rose and walked towards my horse, tied behind the cottagp, and, like my shadow, the other two followed. I wond-red if my hand felt as cold to Foster as his did to me, when we touched each other unhooking the bridles. Without a word we dismounted, and walked our horses through the gateway on to the wide space outsidp, Foster to the rights Thomas between us, and as we did so from far down the track rose for the third time the tramp 'of a horse—cantering slowly. Involuntarily we drew rein, and sat staring towards the bend. Our horses heard also, and snorted nervously with lifted- heads and pricking ears. " That is the murderer's horse," cried Thomas. " Listen ! don't you hear a Eeouliarity in the canter? Hark how it esitates I The man on that horse's back is frightened 1" J opened my lips to point out a discrepancy in the time and comingof the horses,but closed them again, "Never contradict a lunatic" flashing through my mind. His hand was on Foster's pommel, his blazing eyes fiyed on his face. I wondered how Foster stood it; I felt if he tried that trick with me I would, mad or sane, knock him off his horse. The ghost hoofs sounded nearer and nearer, and our horses began to plunge. The tramp ap proached, seemed to touch us, and to die abruptly at the gate. The sudden silence put the climtx to our horses' terror, and with a bound they were off, Thomas's and mine going straight ahead, Foster's rearing sheer over the precipitous drop. They lay apart when we reached them—the man dying, the horse dead. As in a dream Foster's voice fell on my ears. "Euchred, old man!" it said, with a curious note of satis action. " My back is broken." Thomas, his grey face upheld to the calm moon, was cursing inarticulately. •'My nerves aren't what they were," went on the quiet voice, "arid your internal way of telling it was too much for them." "Wasit murder, I wonder?" Fostpr was addressing mean 1 kne't beside him. " Is it murder when a man go-s mad for a minute? I found the reet that d.iy, and it was as they said—gold stuck together with stone, see you. It is better never to look on gold in that quantity unless yrur head be steady and your heart strong. I wanted it all. What was a paltry fourth to me, who had found it? Then by chance he rode up and saw me staring, gold-struck. He cheered like a schoolboy till the echoes rang, and I stood by dumb with rage and avarice. We took the hearings the mine and some specimens and started I ome, for it grew late. There was a dpvil in the black horse that day, for, active and surel'oot- d as a goat, he stumbled a»-d fell, throwing his rider clear— he knew bettpr than to ride him with more than his toes in the stirrup. But the fall stunned him, and the devil came out of the hotse and into my head. On the one side he showed the humdrum existence of com parative poverty; on the other wealth, colossal and limitless. " I led the bla-k horse close up, and thrust the foot of the unconscious man clean through the stirrup. Bepentance followed in an instant—an instant too late. The horse burst away like a thing possessed, and mingled with the clatter of his hoofs over the stones came the duli thuds on the body of the man who had been my friend. I went mad in good earnest thi n, lor 1 remembered who would meet him, and I chased him, shouting entreaties to him to stop. But it was too late, and he was as swift as the wind with terror. Lift my head a little, will you v 1 did so. Death looked out from his eyps. Thomas had sunk down beside the dead horse, and was talking to it gently. I hate to remember it, but, through all, the gold fever burnt strong. " And the reef ?" I heard myself say. "You, too, lad!"' said Foster, kindly; " don't let it get hold of you also, I took fifteen thousand pounds' worth out of it; then it pinched clean out. I had done what I did for fifteen thousand. Who says mur derers do not prosper? Everything I took up was successful, but back of everything was that sleeve- link. I knew it would be my end, just as Thomas did, poor old chap! Fancy his watching me all these years, I knew who he was as soon as he commenced, but I had to lisien—Jove! didn't he tell it well—and my nerves gave out. You can't rely on them when they've had a weight like hot lead on them for fifteen years. Tne mare reared.and something jerked the right rejn, I'll swear I did not! You'll find the plan of the reef in my hut—it's quite the thing to give it to you, 'irom dying men to men who die,' you know, only I hope it won't he so with you, lad. I came back to see if the reef made again, as it surely must. 1 wanted money for a big speculation, hut you and f hbmas hampered me. I think now—I've always thought that they—she and her husband— understood." His voice trailed into silence, and Thomas chatted gently on. Poster had spoken clearly and well, as I've heard that dying men often do : now he lay with closed eyes, his head resting on my knee. I sat upoh the atoneB betwixt the dying .and the mad.' Presently Foster unclosed his eyes and seemed to listen for a moment " The mare killed herself, didn't sheT " Yes, old chap. Is there anything——" " Nothing, thanks ; I made no ties. How quickly the moon has set" The moon rode high and bright, but for Foster she had set for ever, 