TALES AND SKETCHES. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? Ky MISS M. E. BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " Vixen," "ishmael," "Like and Unlike," "The Fatal Three," "Tho Day Will Come," &c.; (ALL TUG UTS RESERVED.) CHATTER XIV.-DAISY'S DIAKY AT LAM FORD. Home is sweet even after Italy, even after thc bright and busy streets of Paris, willi their flower sbopB, ami milliners, and bonbons, and prettinesses nf all hinds, and thc Hois, and the carriages, und tho smart people, und tlie music, and thc life and brightness every- where, and above all thc opera pud thc Iheatres, Puris was very nice. I had no idea I could enjoy any city so much nfl er Venice. I thought that enchanting labyrinth of marble, lying upon thc breast of thc waves, would take thc colour out of every other city in thc world. Hut Paris was nice, ntl thc same,.and I was surry to leave it! Home is sweet alwaya. I lim-c been reading my German Pluto this morning under the willows that «hade my father's grave, in thc old spot that has been my sanctuary ever since I began to read serious books, and to try to under- stand thc thoughts of great writers. Plato is so comforting uflcr Schopenhauer and Hart- mann. Plato is full of hope, .they arc thc preachers of despair. Mother seems happy to be ut home again, in tho old rooms, among I he books und pictures, and in thc gardens she loves so dearly. She has imported a small fortune in thc shape of specimen conifers and azaleas and peonies and roses from a famous nurseryman near Paris, and she is happily employed in superintending thc planting of her treasures, it is rather late for planting, our head gardener saya in his broad Scotch ; und he even »cut BO far as to liive us a saying quoted by the great Sir Walter himself. "I'launta tree before candle mass and yo may command it to grow, plaunl ene utter Candlemass and ye may joost beg it to grow." But, in spite of Sir Walter's, proverb, we must trust in providence and in our good old Macdonald's skill. Uncle Ambrose retains thc cottage in which he has lived SD long, and in which Cyril's childhood was spent. There is no room in our house for his books, which fill every available wall in thc cottage, so ho keeps them on their old shelves, and uses his old study sometimes >vlien ho is working on any subject which requires much reference to authorities. He ÍB very reticent about his literary work, aud seemed eurpriseed and almost scared by thc success of his last book, and by thc tremendous amount of criticism and argumentation that was expended upou it. "I could not live without literary work," he told me once ; *' but I do not derive very much pleasure from the publication of a book. Critics are an aggravating race. They sec meanings that I never incant ; they overlook the most obviouB points." He is the most self-contained man this world ever saw, I believe. He takes no delight in the things tba» please other people, but he is the best and kindest friend I have, and be adores mother ; so what can I want more in him to make up perfection? Cyril ¡B his opposite in most things-all energy, action, lightheartedness. I sometimes wish he were a little less light-hearted. One may weary of perpetual sunshine. If I am ever in a sad or meditative mood I have a feeling that, how- ever kind Cyril is, he can't understand me. He seems miles and miles away from me--as far as from England to America. He has been away at Oxford Biuce we came borne, visiting some of hit «allège friends. Of course I miss him sadly, but there is a kind of relief in being alone after continual com- panionship. Had Cyril been herc I should not have been able lo spend a morning by my father's grave. He would have wanted me to go for a ride, or a walk, or to row down lo Henley. I fall back into my old ways and my sad, quiet life naturally, while he is away, and if it were not that we write lo each other every day I might almost forget that we are engaged. Uncle Ambrose is not fond af River Lawn. He does nat say as much, but I know bim too well no.t to lind out his nil feelings. Children have a way of watching faces ; and I used to watch his face years ago to see when he was pleased or displeased with me, so that I came to know every liuc in his counteuance, and what every Hue means. No ; he is not fond of River Lawn. All thc things I love-the quaint old cottage rooms that father and motlier found hero before they were married, the low ceiling, the bow window s, the great oak beams and diamond panes and leaden lattices-have no charm for Uncle Ambrose. Nor yet thc handsome rooms father built, so studiously arranged for mother's comfort ; drawing-room and dining room below, bedroom, dressing-room, and boudoir ubove. Nothing could be more picturesque than the oh! rooms, or more com- fortable and luxurious than thc new, and yet uncle Ambroso docs not like the houBe. lean see it in IIÍB face. He seems to bear a grudge towards the place father loved and cured about. Is il jealousy, I wonder? Surely a philosopher, a man who has studied the deeper meanings aud mysteries of life, present and future, as Plato studied them, surely such a man could not feel so petty and limited a feeling as jealousy, jcalousy.of my dear dead father's love and forethought for my mother ; a jealousy so trivial as to set him against thc rooms and furniture my father provided for his wife. No ; [ cannot believe him capable of such a childirh pettiness. He is a man of large mind and far-reaching thoughts, and to be jealous about chairs and tables-impossible ! Hut the fact «till remains. Uncle Ambrose docs not like River Lawn. He is full of his plans for the house in Grosvenor square ; has been up to London with my mother twice already, to hurry on thc work. He wants to install us there at thc begiuning of June, so that wemay enjoy all thc gaieties of the season, thc summer season when tho people ahnoBt live out of doors. Mother is to be presented on her marriage, and I am to be presented by mother. She has begun to talk already of my court gown, all white, like a bride's. Cyril suggested that it would be an economy for us to marry while the gown is fresh ; but I told him that the idea of matrimony iu relation to him had not yet entered my head. " It bas entered other people's heads though, ?ny dear Lady Disdain,' said bc. " I suppose you kuow that a certain suite of rooms in Grosvenor square ÍB bciug fitted with a viow lo our joint occupation." "With a view means any time within thc next ten years," I told him. Upon this he beguu to be disngrceably per- sistent, and declared that nobody had ever contemplated a long engagement. ? Wc had plenty of money, und what was there to pre- vent our being married before the summer was over ! " A great many things," Baid I. " But first and chief among them tho fact that we are both too much feather-headed to take such an awful step as matrimony." And then I reminded him how nice it was to be engaged, how much nicer for young people liko us than lo be married and lied to each other in a sort of domestic bondage. " Matriagcis a capital institulionfor middle aged and elderly people," said I. " The very brightest examples we have of married people arc Baucis and 1'hilcinon, and Darby and Joan. Now you would not expect me to feel Baucis." " Baucis wa- young once," said he. " Yes, and then no doubt she was engaged to Philemon, and he used to serenade her us Í'ou did me that nipht at-Venicu. Oh, it was ovcly Î You couldn't have serenaded your wife. You would have beca indoors grumbling at her most likely." " Daisy, you are talking nonsense," said he, sternly, und no doubt he spoke thc truth. " Ob, I am only pleading for youth and liberty-for the morning hours of life," I ex Îdamed. "As it is you can go whero yoi ike, do what you like, and then is no one to find fault with you. If '. were your wife I might feel offended at you: going up to London so often end coming home so late at night, and hoing a member of so many clubs. If I were your wife I might grumble ul your accepting that invitation lo Osford for next week." " Tell mc to withdraw my acceptance, and it is done ," he cried, in his impulsive way. "I give you ull thc authority of a wife in advance " Being your tlavj whit can I do but wait-" " Don't quote that sonnet," I said, " every- body does, ijuate something fresh." ile did uot notice this impertinence. He was pacing up and down thc room in a state of excitement. " Your mother did not think like you, Daisy," he said. " She was only nineteen when she married." " Ah, but then she adored my father," said I, without thinking »hst I was saying. He stopped lu's impetuous pacing, and walked over lo mn, laid his hands upon my »hmildcrs and looked me in tile face. " Margaret Hatrell," he said, " do you mean what your words imply !" " Do I mean that my mother was des- perately in love with my father ? Of course I do." " And that you »rc not in love with me?" " Not desperately iu love. Oil, Cyril, don't look at mc like that. You have no right to look so angry ; you have no right lo look so shocked and distressed. Did I ever tull you that I adored you ? Did I ever pretend to be desperately in love 1 Never, never, never ! I um not romantic or poetical oe my mother wus at my agu. I have been taught differently. Your father truincd my mind, and he did not make mo mmuutic. lt isn't in my nature lo love anyone as mother loved my father- at least, I think not." A strange falte ing stopped me as I said this ; u curious dim fccliug that there -were hidden possibilities in my heart ; dreams that I might have dreamt ; feelings that would havo brought my mind nearer akin to my mother's mind ; if things had been different, Tlie look of absolute distress in his face mado me unhappy, and I tried to make amanda for my silly speech. " \Vhy should you be shocked because I am not romantic ?" I askc). " I don't think you «rc a very romantic person cither, Wc hav.< known each other all our lives, and we ought to bo very happy together hy-aod-by. Is that not enough, Cyril ?" " Not quite,"hettDswercd, graver than I had ever seen him until that moment, " but I sup- pose it is all I shall get, so I must be satisfied. " Yesterday afternoon I amused myself with an exploration, lt wis a lovely afternoon, almost summer-like, though we are still io the time of hyacinths, and the beeches have not yet unfolded their tender leaves. Mother had gone to London with her husband to look al thc drawing-rooms, which are receiving their finishing touches at the hands of the decorators and I had all thc day to myself. I spent the morning st my studies, working upon the synopsis of Duruy's history af the Greeks, which Uncle Anibroso advised me to write, firstly, to impress historical facts upon my mind ; secondary, to cultivate style ; and thirdly, to acquire thc power of arranging and condensing a eubject with neatness ana facility. Ir is rather dry work, but I like it, and I adore the Greeks. I have been reading Ebers Egyptian story between whiles, and that has helped mc to realise the atmosphere of that bygone age when Pisistratus was rul- ing at Athens, and Croesus was discoursing wisely upon his fallen fortunes at the Court of Amasia. I finished my work before lunch, which is an absurd meal when mother is away. A mere scramble with the dogs, who come in to keep mc company, and clear my plate uuder my nose. Directly after lunch I took up my hat to go out, whereupon Sappho and Ponto, my darling Irish setters, went mad, and nearly knocked me down in their delight at the idea of a ramble with me. We had explored every lane, copse, and common within four miles of River Lawn, BO I wanted, if I possibly could, to give the dogs a change ; and I thought I would venture to peep in at Fountain Head, where the shrub- beries arc full of primroses at this season. The Fountain Head gardener and our under gardeuer arc great friends, and I have often talked to him when he has been in our grounds. I know thc old housekeeper, too, so I had no compunction in opening a little gate in the shrubbery which gives on to thc narrow lane that divides our property from Mr. Florestan's. There is a grand entrance on the Henley road,' and high iron gates, and a rustic lodge with a thatched roof and thc dearest old chimney stack. The gardener's family live in this lodge, but thc big gate is only opened when Mr. Florestan is at home, and that is very seldom. He told me he meant - to be oftener at Fountain Head in the' future. He feels himself growing too old for a roving life. I suppose he must bc at IcaBt nine and twenty, which is certainly old compared with Cyril and me. How nice ia it to be young-to feel oneself quite young, and how sad it must bo when weariness and age begin to creep over one. I am miserable sometimes when I think that mother will grow old before I do -that I shall sec the shadows stealing over that dear and lovely face-thc shadows that fortell the ond. Ob, that is the bane of life, thal is what makeB life not worth living-the knowledge that death is waitiug.Bomcwherc on that road wc know not-thc grey mysterious highway of the future-waiting for those we love. The old shrubberies looked lovely in the afternoon sun, such a wild wealth of arbutus and rhododendron and Portugal laurel, and so ?nany fine conifers half buried among the spreading branches, a tangle of loveliness, periwinkle and St. John's wort straggling over every bit of unoccupied ground. Ponto und Sappho rushed about like mad things, imagining all sorts of impossible vermin, and scratching and digging whenever they got out of reach of my whip. That dog-whip of minc lookB formidable, but I'm afraid those two clever darlings know that I would not hurt them for worlds. I had my pocket Dante with mc, meaning to try and fancy myself in the Tine Forest, near Ravenna, where he used to meditate, but thc book was so far true to its name that it never left my pocket. I seemed to have so much to think about ; and a spring afternoon, with light cloudlets floating in a pale blue sky, and the perfume of violets in thc air sets all one's most fanciful fancies roaming far and wide. I think my thoughts were light as thistle-down or vanity that afternoon, or they could never have strayed so far, and yet there was a touch of sadness in them, for I could not help thinking of Gilbert Florestan and his sud position, quite alone in the world, mother and father both lying still and dumb, as my dear fattier lies iu his grave under thc willows -no sister or brother, no one to care for him or to lean upon him. No doubt he has cousins, as I have. I have not quite made up my mind whether cousins arc a necessary evil or a modified kind of blessing. I'm afraid if I stood alone in the world as he docs, Dora aud Flora would not fill a large gap in my life. I rambled in the shrubberies and the dear old-fashioned gardens till I was tired, and then I began to feel thc keenest curiosity about the inside of the house. It is not a pretty house, but it is old and dignified. When one has como but lately from a city of palaces one can hardly be altogether alive to the beauly of an old English mansion, with moss-gown (walls aud deep-set windows, and a general greyness and low tone of colour which some people find so dispiriting. Yet thc house touched me by a kind ot mourn- ful beauty, and a seusc of quiet desolation such as 1 felt only a few weeks ago when I looked at those old neglected mansions upon some of thu smaller canals, so gloomy in their grandeur, as of thc dead irrevocable past. I huvo felt sometimes as if I would give worlds to bc able to buy one of those degraded, delapidated old palaces, and to clear away all its parasite growth of petty modern uses, and Ito restore it to thc splendour and thc beauty of three hundred years ago. And yet I have shuddered at the thought of the phantoms that might come crowding round me in those great grand rooina, of all the dead people who ?night awake at the sound of music and laughter in the home where they were once young and merry. I walked up and down thc gravel terrace in front of Mr. Florcslan's house. It stands only about twenty feet above the level of thc river bauk, and a wide lawn elopes gently from thc house to the river. I could sec (he boats going by, and hear thc voices of the rowers, which were a roliof after the uncanny feeling that had crept over mc while I was in the great overgrown gardeu on the other side of thc house. I believe tho gardener must have given himself a holiday, for not a human creature did I sec in the grounds. There is a glass door opening on to thc terrace, with un old-fashioned hanging bell. I ventured to ring thal antiquated bell, trembling a little at the thought of ghosts, and perhaps a little ut the thought that thu old housekeeper would wonder et my wanting to explore her domain. Thc fancy had never come into my foolish brain before to-day, but I suppose that was because I had seen so little of Mr. Florcstan until we met in Paris, and could not feel any particular interest in his house. Now that I know him, the house seems like an old friend, anil 1 wonder that I can hivo looked so often at thc old Indian-red roof and the great grey stone chimney stacks without wanting to sec what the inside is like. No one answered my summons, though I heard the bell ringing with au awful distinct- ness. I rang again, bul still there was no answer, though 1 waited long enough for thc feeblest of old women lo creep from thc remotest corner of thc runihliug old house. I rang a third time, and mill there was uo reply, and thc more I couldn't get in the more keenly euriouB 1 became. So al last, knowing old Mrs. Murdo«' would never resent any liberty on thc part of my mother's daughtur,_ mother being a power at Lamford, I tried trie door. It opened easily, and I went in, taking care to shut thedoor after mc, BO ns to keep Ponto and Sappho outside. They were scampering about the shrubberies, and I knew they would find their way home when they missed mc. I went in, feeling very much as Fatima muBt have felt, or, in other words, just a little ashamed of my idle curiosity. The house is a dear old house, very shabby as to carpetB and curtains, but with lovely old furniture of Sir Charles Grandson's period, and with old china, iu every corner, china which I am convinced is worth a fortune : but I will never breathe a word about its value to Mr. Florcstan or he may pack it all off to Christie's. Men are such Gotha whore old china is concerned. Yes, it is a dear old liouue. It haB an old, old, perfume of roBe leaves and lavender, which must have been hoirdcd ever so long before Mr. Florestan «as born, in all thc old chrysanthemum bowls and hawthorn jars which stand about everywhere ou thc tops of cabinets and in corner cupboards, and iu quaint little alcoves and recesses which one meet» with unawares in thc corridors and lobbies. Not all thc wealth of the Indies could create such a house. It is the slow growth of time, like the golden brown lichens and cool grey mosses ou thc garden walls. I roamed and roamed about the rooms ou' the ground floor, opening one into another, quaintly inconvenient, with queer little doors, half wainscot and half wall paper; rooms without the faintest pretension to splendour or dignity, rooms that suggest the world as Miss Edge wort li and Miss Austin knew it, a world in which people dined at five o'clock, and danced country dances, and'piayed on the spinet, and painted on velvet, and talked about the luncheon.tray and the Britska. I looked at ail the ornaments on all the tables and chimney-pieces, the things our grandmothers loved ; cardboard hand-screens, with pencil landscapes- Craigmiller castle, Guy's Cliff-spill-boxes. What are spills, by thc way ? Old albums and scrap-books, old .work baskets lined with faded satin. Every- thing was arranged as neatly as it had been fifty years ago, when Mr. FloreBtan's grand- mother was mistress of the house, and these were ber things, most of them. His mother's room had a more modern look, yet even there thc books, desks, and work-boxes were old fashioned. How quickly the f ishion of thiB life passes away. At first I was too much interested and amused to feet thc uncanny influences of those empty rooms full of things that had belonged to people who were all dead ; but presently that air of long ago, together with the death- like silence of thc houBc, began to affect my spirits. A feeling of profound melancholy crept over mc I thought of my dear, dead father, and wondered, as I have so often wondered, where the dead are, how near us, or how distant. I went hack to the dining room for a last look at thc family portraits before leaving Hie desolate house. Mrs. Murdew had evidently gone out upou some errand, and there was no usc in waiting for her return. I looked witt) interest at thc picture on the left of tho sideboard, and near the door lead- ing into the hall. It was thc portrait of Mr. Florestan's father, a full length painting, in a rough brown shooting suit, knickerbockers, and mighty hobnailed boots. A picturesque btown hat, a gun, and a liver-coloured pointer were the accessories of thc boldly painted figure, against a background of russet toilage. The picture, which was by a master .hand, might have been called a study in brown. The likeness between thc father and thc son WOB remarkable. It might have been Gilbert Florestan's portrait thai I was looking at. I studied thc picture so long-fascinated by that wonderful slapdash power, tho kind of paintingwhich Ruskin describes as a rapid hand and a full brush-that the face seemed to grow into my mind, and the figure almost took life and motion as I looked at it. My nerves were in a peculiar state after that hour of silence und thoughtlessness in the desolate house, or else I could hardly have been so foolish as I waB two minutes afterwards, when I turned to leave the dining room, and shrieked with terror on seeing a figure on the threshold of the door in thc shadow of the half closed shutters. I was idiot enough to mistake reality for apparition. In that moment of terror I believed that thc figure standing there looking at me with a quiet smile was the ghostly semblance of thc dead man whose picture I bad contemplated so long. " Pray, forgive me, for startling you," said Mr. Florcstan, offering mc his hand in thc easiest way, and not allowing mc to sec that he. thought me an idiot, as he must have done ; " I ought to have given you some notice of my urrival. You were so absorbed in my father s picture that you did not hear his son's foot- steps." " I think it is the fault of that thick Turkey carpet rather than my abstractions," I told bim, " bul. I really was absorbed in the picture, and envying thu printer his power to get auch a grand effect out of such Bimple elements, lt ÍB almost aB good as Gains- borough's blue boy. I had no idea you were coining to England so Boon." " I bad no idea myself ; but the distance from Paris to Lainford is such a bagatelle that 1 thought I might as well run across and have a look at the old home before all the tulips had withered. My mother used lo bc so fond of her tulips, though they were never a coBtly collection. A Dutch connoisseur would have laughed at our poor little show. " "Have you ouly just arrived," I asked, feeling that I was redder than thc greut over- blown peonies I bad seen in thc shrubbery, and wondering what he must think of my extraordinary intrusion. " Within three minutes. Thc fly is still at thc door, and my servant is bringing in my portmanteau." " You must think it so strango to find mc here," I stammered, feeling oven worse than Fatima, though there were no gory headB lying about. " I only think it delightful to be wel- comed by the preseuce of a friend, " he answered, with inexpressible kindness. There was something in MB smile and iu his tone of voice so full of protecting frcndlincBB that I began to feel easier in my miud, and was able to explain my appearance in bis dining-room on that particular afternoon, and then I told him that I must go and bunt for the dog«, who might bo doing all manner of mis- chief in his shrubbery. I had a secret conviction that Sappho and Ponto had gone peaceably home to the stables, but thc dogs made s decent excuse to got me out of the nouse. " I feel sure they won't do the slightest harm," ho said, "but if you are the least little bit uneasy on that score we'll go and look for ihcm together, and then perhaps your mother will take pity upon u tired traveller und (jive me a cup of tea." * *' I am so dreadfully berry," 1 said. "Mother is in London and won't.bc home much before eight." " I'hat'sa sad disappointment. I had looked forward to seeing her tIiis afternoon." Wu went out at the itali door together, and wc explored the shrubberies and garden, but saw no sign of the dogs. He went ho.newith me, and we found Sappho and Ponto in their kennels, whither they had returned half an hour before. Then from thc stable yard wc wandered naturally to the carden, where thc basket chairs and tables had been set out in the usual place on the terrace, in honour of thc lovely afternoon. The footman came out with thc tea tray, and arranged it, while wc, Mr. Florcstan and I, were standiug looking at thc river. ScrvantB are so officious. I had happened lo bay at luncheon thal if the day continued fiuu I thought I would have tea in thc garden, uud herc was the man selling out the cups ami saucers under Mr. Florcstan's nose. There was no help for it, I could not he sn inhospitable as to send him away tealess, with my pet brass kottlo singing merrily over the spirit lump, and my favourite buns frizzling fresh from the oven. I made the beni of my awkwuril position. " Perhaps, as mother ]%n't here, you'll allow inc lo give you s cup of tea," I said He accepted eagerly. 1 alipost hoped he'd take it standing, and go away directly belied emptied the cup. But, although he had been I he soul of delicacy and consideration in his own house, he seemed to think he might do as lie liked iu ours. He scated himself in one ol thc low basket chairs, and I felt that bc mcaut to stay. (7'o be continual.) 