By ANTHONY HOPE, Author of "The Prisoner of Zenda." [Published by special arrangement frith the 'author. ■ All rights reserved.-* j Chatxee • XXI. — A Wobd op Vaeious Meanings. She came up to mo swiftly and without hesi tation. I had looked for some embarrassment, but there was none in her face. She met my eyes full and square and began, to speak to me at once. "My lord," she said, "I must aalc one thing of you; I must lay more burdens on you. After to-day I dare not be here, when my countrymen learn how they are deluded, for I should be ashamed to face them; and I dare not trust myself to the Turks, for I do not know what they would do with me. Will you take me with you—to Athens or to some other port from which I can reach Athens? I can elude the guards here; I shall be no trouble. You need only tell me when your boat will start and give me a corner to live in on board.' Indeed I grieve to ask more of you, for you have done so much for me, hut my trouble is great and—what is it, my lord ?" . I had moved my hand to stop her. She had acted in the one way in which, had it been to save my life, I could not have. She put what had passed utterly out of the way, treating it as the merest trick. My part in it was to her the merest trick; of hem she said nothing. Had hers, then; been a trick also ? My blood grew hot at the. thought; I could not endure it. " When your countrymen learn how they are deluded ?' said I, repeating her words. " De luded in what ?" "In the trick we played on them, my lord, to—to persuade them to disperse." I took a step towards her and my voice shook as I said— " And was it all a trick, Phroso?" Por at this moment I set above everything else in the world a fresh assurance of her love. I would force it from her sooner than not have it. She answered me with questioning eyes and a sad little smile. "Are we then betrothed ?' she^ said in mournful mockery. I was close by her now. I did not touch her, but I bent a little and my face was near her. "Was it a trick to-day and a trick on St. Tryphon'sday also?" I asked. She gave one startled glance at my face and now her eyes dropped to the ground. She made no answer to my question. "Was it also a trick, Phroso?" I asked in entreaty, in insistence, in the wild longing to hear her love declared once, here, to me alone, where nobody could hear, nobody impair its sweet secrecy. Phroso's answer came now, set to the ac companiment of the saddest, softest murmur ing laugh. "Ah, my dear lord, must you hear it again ? Am I not twice ashamed already ?" | . "Be ashamed yet once again," I whispered; j and then I saw the light of gladness master the misty sorrow in her eyes as _ I had seen once before; and I greeted it whispering— " Yes, a thousand times, a. thousand times." ." My dear lord," she said; but then she sprang back and the lightness was clouded again as she stood aloof, regarding me in speechless distressed puzzle. "But, my lord," she murmured so low that I scarcely heard. Then she took refuge in a return to her request. "You won't leave me here, will you? You will take me some where where I can be safe. I—I'm afraid of these men, even though the Pasha is dead." I took no notice of the request she repeated. I seemed unable to speak or to do anything else but look into her eyes; and I said, a tone of awe in my voice— "You have the moat wonderful eyes in all the world, Phroso." "My lord," murmured Phroso, dropping their lids. Butlknews,he would open them soon again—and so she did. "Yes, in all the wide world," said L '"And I want to hear it again." " As we talked we had moved little by little and now we were at the side of the house in the deep dull shadow of it. Yet the eyes I praised pierced the gloom and shone in the darkness. And suddenly I felt arms about my .neck, clasping me.tightly and her breath was on my cheek, coming quick and unevenly, and she whispered— " Yes, you shall hear it again and again and again, for I am not ashamed now. For I know, yes, I know, I love yon. I love you ; ah, how I love you.". And her whispers found answers in mine, and I held her as though against all the world, and all the world was in that moment and there was nothing else than that moment in all the world. And had a man told !. me. then that I had felt love before I would have laughed in his face—the fool ! But then Phroso drew back again, the brief rapture free from all past or future, all thought or doubt, left her, and in leaving her forsook me also, and she stood again over against me, murmuring— " But, my lord " I knew well what she would say, and for an instant I stood silent; the world hung for us on the balance of my next words. "But, my lord, the lady who waits for you over the sea?" And there sounded a note of fear in the softly-breathed whisper that the night carried to my ear. In an instant before I could answer Phroso came near to me and laid one hand on my arm and spoke gently and quickly. " Yes, I know, I see, I understand," she said, " and I thank you, my lord ; and I thank God, my dear lord, that you told me and did not leave without showing me your love. For though I must be very unhappy, yet I shall be proud ; and in the long nights I shall ■ think of this dear island and of you, though you -will both be far away. "Yes, I thank heaven you told me, my dear lord." And she bent her head, that should have bent to no man, and kissed my hand. But I snatched my hand hastily away and I sprang to her and caught her again in my arms and again kissed her lips, for my resolve was made. I would not let her go. Those who would might ask the rights of it. I would not let her go. Yet I spoke no word and she did not understand, but thought that I kissed her in farewell, for the tears were on her face and wetted my lips; and she clung to me as though something was tearing her from me and must soon sunder her apart, so greedy-was her grasp on me. _ And then I opened my mouth to whisper in her ear the words that would bid defiance to the thing that was tear ing her away and must rivet her-life to mine. But hark ! There was a cry—a startled ex clamation and the sound of footsteps. My name was shouted loud and eagerly. I knew Denny's, voice. Phroso slid from myrelaxed arms and drew back into the deepest shadow. " I'll be back soon," I whispered, and with a last pressure of her hand that was warm now and answered to my grasp, I stepped out of the shelter of the wall and stood in front of the house. Denny was on the doorstep; the door was open, and the_ light from the lamps in the hall flooded the night and fell full on my face as I walked up to him. And on sight of me ho seemed to forget his own errand and his own eagerness, for he caught me by the shoulder and stared at me, crying— " Heavens, man, you're as white as a sheet! Have you seen a ghost? Does Constantino walk—or Mouraki ?' " Fifty ghosts would be a joke to what I've been through. My God, I never had such a time! - What did you want ? What did you call me for? I can't stay. She's waiting." For now I did not care; Denny and all Neo patia might know now. "Yes, but she must wait a little," he said. "You must come into the bouse and come up stairs." "i can't,".I said obstinately. "I—I—I can't, Denny." _ "You must. Don't be a fool, Charley. It's important; the captain is waiting for you." His face seemed big with news—what it might be I could not tell—but the hint of it was enough to make me catch hold of him, cry ing, "What is it? I'll come.'?" • "That's right. Come along." And he turned and led the way rapidly through the old-hall and up the stairs. I followed him, my ;, mind whirling through a cloud of possi bilities. - " _ The quiet business-like aspect of the room into which Denny led the, way did' something to sober me. I pulled myself together, seeking to hide my feelings under a mask of careless ness. ' The captain sat at the table with a mass of papers surrounding him ; he appeared to be examining them and as he read his. lips curved in surprise or contempt. • " This Mouraki was a cunning : fellbw," said he, " but if anyone bad chanced to get hold of this box of his while he was alive he would not have enjoyed even so poor a post as he thought his governorship. Indeed, Lord Wheatley, had _ you been- actually a party to his death I think you need have feared nothing when some of the papers' had found their way to the eyes of the Government. We are well rid of him, indeed ! - But then, as I always say, these Armenians, though, they are clever dogs " . . But I had not come to hear a Turk discourse on Armenia and I broke in, with an impatience that I could not altogether Conceal. "I beg your pardon, but "is" that- all you wanted to say to me?" ' . "I should have thought that it' was of some importance to you," he observed. " Certainly,": said I, regainmgmy composure a little. " But your courtesy and kindness had already reassured me." . . He bowed his acknowledgments and pro ceeded in a most leisurely tone, sorting the papers and documents before him into orderly heaps. " On the death of the Pasha, the government of the island having temporarily devolved on me, I thought it my duty to examine his Ex cellency's (curse the dog!)—his Excellency's despatch-box, with the result that I have dis covered very remarkable evidences of the schemes which he dared to entertain. With this, however, I need not perhaps trouble you." _ • -v "I would notrintrude into it for the world," I said, a "I also discovered," he pursued in undis turbed leisure and placidity, "among the Pasha's papers a letter addressed "to " " Me !" and I sprang forward. "No;.to your cousin—to this gentleman. Pursuing what I conceived to be mydutv— and I must trust to Mr. Swinton to formvo me ' ' Here the exasperating fellow paused, looked at Denny, waited for a bow from'Denny, duly received it, duly and with ceremony returned it, sighed as though he were much relieved at Denny's complaisance, cleared his throat, ar ranged a little heap on his left hand, and at last, oh, at last!—went on. : " This letter, I say, in pursuance of what I conceived to be my duty "Yes, yes; your duty, of course. Clearly your duty! Yes ?" "I read. _ It appeared, however, to contain nothing of importance." "Then, why the deuce—I—I mean—I beg your pardon." "But really matters _ of • private concern. But I am not warranted in letting it out of my bands. It will have to be delivered to the Government with the rest of the Pasha's papers. I have, however, allowed Mr. Swin ton to read it. .He says that it concerns you, Lord Wheatley, more than himself. I there fore propose to ask him to read it to you (I can decipher English, but not speak it with facility) m my presence;" and with this he handed an envelope, to Denny. We had got to it at last. "For heaven's sake be quick about it, my dear boy," I cried, and I seated myself on the table, swinging my leg to and fro in a fury of restless impatience. The captain eyed my agitated body with profound disapproval. Denny took the letter from its envelope and reiwi :—"London, 21st May." Then he paused aud remarked, "We got here on the 7th, you know." I nodded hastily, and he went on. 'My dear Denny—Oh, how awful this is! I can hardly bear to think of it! Poor, poor fellow! Mamma is terribly grieved, and I, of course, even more. Botli mamma and I feel that it makes it so much worse somehow that this news should come only' three days after he must have got mamma's letter. Mamma says that it doesn't really make any difference, and that if her letter was wise then, this terrible news can't alter that. I suppose it doesn't really, but it.seems to, doesn't it? Ob !do write directly and tell me that he wasn't^ very un happy about it when he had that terrible fever. There's a big blot—because Fm crying. I know you thought I didn't care about him, but I did—though not (as mamma says) in one way, really. Do you think. he_ for gave me? It would kill me if I thought be didn't. Do write soon, I sup pose you will bring poor dear Charley home? Please tell me he didn't think very badly of me. Mamma joins with me in sineerest sympathy.—Yours most sincerely, Beatrice Kennetfc Ilipgrave. P.S.—Mr. Bennett Hamlyn has just called; he is awfully grieved about poor dear Charley. I always think of him as Charley- stilL^you know* Do-write,^ There was a long1 pause. Then Denny-ob served in a satirical tone, " To be thought of still as ' Charley' is, after all, something. "But what the devil does it'mean ?T cried, leaping from the table. "I suppose you will bring poor dear Charley home," repeated Denny in. a medi tative tone. " Well, it looks rather more like it than it did a few days ago, I must admit." " Denny, Denny, if you love me, what's it all aboutI haven't had any letter from-— "Mamma? No, we've had no letter from mamma. But then we haven't had any letters from anybody." . "Then I'm hanged if I " I began in be wildered despondency. "But, Charley," interrupted Denny, "per haps mamma sent a letter to Mouraki Pasha !" "ToMouraki?" "This letter of mine found its way to Mouraki.' "All letters,"observed the captain, who was leaning back quietly and staring at the ceiling, "would pass through his hands if he chose to make them." "Good heavens!" I cried and sprang for ward. The hint was enough. In an instant my busy, nervous, shaking hands were ruining the neat piles of documents which the captain had so carefully reared in front and on either -side of him. I dived, tossed, fumbled, rum maged, scattered, strewed, tore; the captain, incapable of resisting my excited energy, groaned in helpless despair at the ruin of his evening's work. And Denny, having watched mo for a few minutes, suddenly broke out into a peal of laughter. -I stopped for an instant to glare reproof of liis ill-timed mirth and turned to my wild search again. The search seemed useless. Either Mouraki had not received a letter from Mrs. Bennett Hipgrave or he had done what I myself always did 'with the good lady's communications— destroyed it immediately after reading it. I examined every scrap of paper, official docu ments, private notes (the captain was very nervous when I insisted on "looking through these for a trace of Mrs. Hipgrave's name), lists of stores; in a word, the whole contents of Mouraki's dispatch-boxes. "It's a blank!" I cried, stepping back at last in disappointment. "Yes, it's gone, but, depend upon it, he had it," said Denny. A sudden recollection flashed across me—the remembrance of the subtle, amused smile with which Mouraki had spoken'of the lady who was most anxious about me, my future wife. He must have known then; he must even then have had Mrs. Hipgrave's letter in his posses sion. He had played a deliberate trick on me by suppressing,the letter; hence his fury when I announced my intention of disregarding the ties that bound me—a fury that had for the moment conquered his cool' cunning and led him into violent threats. At that moment— when I realised the man's audacious villainy, when I thought of the struggle he had caused to me and the pain to Phroso—well, just then, I came near to caressing Demetri, and nearer still to grudging him his exploit. " What was in the-letter, then?' I cried to Denny. "Bead my letter again," said hei, and he threw it across to me. I read it again ; I was cooler now and the meaning of it stood .out plain and not to be doubted. Mrs. Bennett Hipgrave's letter—' her -wise letter—had broken off my engagement with her daughter. The fact was plain; all that was missing, destroyed by the caution or the carelessness of Mouralci Pasha, were the reasons, and the reasons I could supply for myself. I reached my conclusion and looked again at Denny. "Allow me to congratulate you," said Denny ironically. Man is a curious creature. I may have made that reflection before. I offer no apology for that; the more I see of myself and of my friends the more convinced I grow of it. Here was the thing for which I had been hoping and praying—the one great thing that I asked of fate—the single boon which fortune enviously withheld. Here was freedom—divine freedom ! Yet what I actually said to Denny, in reply to his felicitations, was— " Hang the girl! She jilted me !" And I said it with considerable annoyance. The captain, who studied English in his spare moments, here interposed, asking suavely— " Pray, mv dear Lord Wheatley, what is the'meaning of that word—jilted ?" "The meaning of jilted !" said Denny. "He wants to know the meaningof jilted, Charley." I looked from one to the other of them, then I said— "I think I'll go and ask," and I started for the door. The captain's expression accused me of rudeness. Denny caught me by the arm. "It's not decent yet," said he, with a twinkle in his eyes. "I happened nearly a month ago," I pleaded. "Pve had time to get over it, penny—a ,man can't wear the willow all his life." • " You old humbug," said-Denny, but he let me go. - • '• • I was not long in going. I darted down the stairs. I suppose a man deceives himself and will find excuses for himself where others may only find matter for laughter; but 1 remember congratulating myself on not having spoken the final words to Phroso before Denny inter rupted us. Well, I would speak them now— I was free to speak them now; and suddenly in this thought the vexation of being jilted vanished. "It amounts," said I to myself as I reached the hall, "to no more than a fortunate coinci dence of opinion." And I passed through to the door and turned sharp round to the left. She was there waiting for me—and waiting eagerly, it seemed, for before I could speak she ran to me holding out her hands, and (she-cried in a low urgent whisper full of entreaty— "My lord, I have thought—I have thought while_ you were in the house. You must not do this, my lord. Yes,. I know—now I know —that you love me, but you must not do this. My lord's honor must not be stained for my sake." 1 could not resist it, and I cannot justify it. I assumed a terribly sad expression. " You have really come to that conclusion, Phroso?'I asked. "Yes, ah, how difficult it is! But. my lord's honor—ah, don't tempt me. You will take me to Athens,' will you not ? And then- " "And then," said I, "you'll leave me?" " Ye3," said Phroso, with a little catch in. her voice. " And what shall I do,- left alone ?' "Go back," murmured Phroso almost in audibly. . "Go back—thinking of those wonderful eyes?" " No—no—thinking of " " The lady who waits for me over the sea ?' "Yes. And oh, my lord, I pray that you will find happiness." • There was a moment's silence; Phroso did not look at me; but then I did not look at Phroso. t " Then you refuse, Phroso, to have anything to say to me ?' No answer at all reached me; I came nearer, being afraid that I might not have heard her answer. "And what am I to do for a wife, Phroso 2"' I asked forlornly. " For. Phroso " "Ah, my lord, why do-you takemy'hand again ?" "Did I, Phroso? Because, Phroso,' the lady who waits over the sea—it is a charmingly poetic phrase, upon my word !" ^"You laugh!" murmured Phroso, in aggrieved protest and wonder. "Did I really laugh, Phroso? "Well, I am happy, so I may laugh." " Happy?" she whispered ; and then at last j her eyes were drawn to mine in ■ mingled hope and anguish of questioning, i " The lady who waited over the sea," said J, " waits no longer, Phroso." The wonderful eyes grew more wonderful in their amazed widening; and Phroso, laying a hand gently on my arm, said— ■ "She waits no longer! My lord, she is dead ?' This confident inference was extremely flattering. There was evidently but one thing that could end the patient-waiting of the lady who waited! ■ • " On the contrary, she thinks that I am. Constantine spread news of my death." "Ah, yes.!" "He said that I died of fever." "Andshebelieved.it?" "She does, Phroso, and she appears to be really very sorry." "Ah, but what joy will be hers when she learns " "But, Phroso, before she thought I was dead., she had made up her mind to wait no longer." " To wait no longer ? What 'do you mean, ray lord? Ah, my lord; tell me what you mean?" " Whatbas happened tome here, inNeopatia, Phroso?' " Many strange things, my lord—some most terrible." " And some most—most what, Phro3o ? One thing that has happened to me has, I think, happened also to the lady who waited." Phroso's hand—the one that I had not taken —was suddenly stretched out and she spoke in a voice that sounded half stifled., " Tell me, my lord. Tell me, I cannot endure it longer." And then I grew grave and said— "I am free. She has given me my fredom." " She has set you free." "She loves me no longer, I suppose, if ever she did." " Oh, but, my lord, it is impossible ?' _ " Should you think it so ? Phroso, it is true —true that I eau come to you now." She understood at last, and for a moment she was silent; and I silent also, pierced through the darkness to her wondering face. Once she stretched out her arms, then there came a little long low laugh, and she put her hands together and thrust them, thus clasped, between mine that closed on them; , - "My-lord, my lord, my lord," said Phroso. -Suddenly -I heard low mournful -chant) coming up from the harbor, the moan of mourning voices. The sound struck across the stillness that had followed her last words. " What is that ?' I asked. " What are they doing down there ?' "Did you not know? The bodies of my cousin and of Kortes came forth at sunset from the secret pool into which they fell, and they bring them now to bury them by the church. And they mourn Korte3 because they loved him, and Constantino also they feign to mourn because he was of the house of the Stefanopouli." _ _ We stood for some minutes listening to the chant that rose and fell and echoed among the hills. Its sad cadences mingled here and there with the note of sustained hope seemed a fitting end to the story—to the stormy days that were rounded off at last by peace and joy to us who lived and by the embraces of the all hiding, all pardoning earth for those who had fallen. -I put my arm roundPhroso, and thus at last together we listened till the sounds died away in low echoes and silence fell again on the island. "Ah, the dear island," said Phroso softly, " You will not take me away from it forever? It is my lord's island now, and it will be faith ful to him, even as I myself; for God has been very good, and my lord is very good." I looked at her and her cheeks were agam wet with tears ; and as I watched a drop fall from her eyes I^said to her softly— _ "That shall be the last, Phroso, till we part again," A loud cough from the front of the house in terrupted us ; I advanced, beckoning to Phroso to follow and wearing I am afraid the apolo getic look usual in such circumstances. And I found Denny and the captain. "Are you coming down to the yacht, Charley ?' asked Denny. "Er—in a few minutes, Denny." " Shall I wait for you ?' " Oh, I think I can find my way." Denny laughed and caught mo by the hand ; then he passed on to Phroso. I do not, how ever, know what he said to her, for at this moment the captain touched my shoulder and demanded my attention. "I beg your pardon," said he, "but you never told me the meaning of that word." " What word, my dear captain ?" "Why, the word you used of the lady's letter—of what she had done." "Oh, you mean 'jilted.'" "Yes, thafs it." "It is," said I, after a moment's reflection, "a word of very various meanings." "Ah!" said the captain, with a comprehend ing nod." " Yes, very various. In one sense it means to make a man miserable." . "Yes, I see—to make him unhappy." "And in another to make him—to make him, captain, the luckiest beggar alive." Tfc ICS a af.ranrra *-!•» "It is a strange word," observed the cap tain meditatively! ■ "I don't know about that," said I. "Good night." 