THE EVENING PROCEEDINGS. Tke^fousiness of the Anglican Synod was brought to. a close with a diocesan con- ference, which was held in St. George's Hall on Nov. 12. The Bishop (the Bight Bev. Dir. Biley) presided, and, although the evening was unpleasantly sultry, there was a fair attendance. . The BISHOP said they were met there that evening for a conference on the sub- ject of Sunday observance, lt was a sub- ject which could not very well be dis- cussed in the Synod, and he thought that it would be a suitable thing to have a debate «pon it jat the conclusion of the synodibal sitting for the ^purpose of getting some expressions 'of . opinion upon it. ' He was afraid that from the way tho people gathered there that evening that a .great many did not care much 'about the observances of Sunday. It was one of the most difficult questions which they had to face, not especially in Australia, but in all parts of the world. It was quite right that they should give most careful attention to thik fact, and try to see whether there waB not some remedy for the non-observance of Sunday. It might be . that the method of observing Sunday at the present was not all that.it might be, hut whatever it was there could be no doubt that Sunday was not ob- served as it should be. Therefore he was anxious to have the varied experiences of those gentlemen who had promised 'to speak. There were some people, of course, who thought it was wrong to smile upon the Sunday, and there were others who thought it was only waste of time to go to public worship. What was wanted was an intelligent appreciation of the. best gift which had been given to mankind, ' Sunday, the day of rest. If they could show to every man that the day o$ rest was the best gift which had been -given to man, then they might obtain a more intelligent observance of the day. There. Was only one thing they should always remember, the Sabbath was made for mankind. There was but one way of spending the Sunday -it should be a day of rest for man's body, soul and mind. Man having a three-fold nature he was not spending the Sunday aright* unless he remembered that these three parts required rest and recreation. Some people thought only of the soul and some only jof the body, and there were but a few who only thought of the mind. A proper and intelligent observance of the Sunday included all three. If a man was con- vinced of the existence of a Supreme Being, no doubt he would devote some of his time to the worship of that Supreme Being. What they wanted was to convince men of this fact. He called upon Mr. Throssell to open ¿he debate. Mr. GEORGE THROSSELL said that he was afraid the laymen were too prone to follow the lead of the clergy in this matter, and they were not too ready to deal with it. Looking back upon the feeling he had about the Sunday in the days of his youth, he must say that he thought the method of keeping Sunday required some alteration, some relaxation. There was no pleasure in the observance of the Sunday as it was car- ried out in his youth. The only feeling he had now about it in looking back was one of sorrow. It appeared to him that the question of Sunday observance was one which so nearly concerned the welfare of their Church that it was time they had some pronouncement upon it. There could be no doubt that there was a great falling off in the observance of the Sunday, and from whatever cause arising, it was a ques- tion-that would have to be faced sooner or later. Sunday was rapidly becoming to be observed foy some portions of the com- munity as a day of pleasure rather than a day of sacred rest. He considered that one of the leading causes of the relaxation in the observance of the Sabbath rule was the absence of systematic education of the young people. There were young people coming here who came from places where religious teaching had been erased from their education system. He personally favoured the old quiet Sunday. Referring to thé necessity of relaxing the Sunday observances for the labouring classes, he said he did not think that there" was now such a necessity, 88 the labouring classes.now had their eight hours; and a half holiday in which to get all the recreation they required. This was not the case in the past, and then their sympathies were rightly on the side of the workers./Borne of them now were only too ready *to denounce the Sunday excur- sion brains and the little trips on-their beatrtífut ; river, but these people were generally able to go out in their own con- I voyances and eniov what they were ready to deny to others. ' The more they con," sidered this question tho more difficult appeared to be the solution. It seemed almost impossible to make hard and fast rules on the subject. His own experience was that young men would respect the church most that would give some definite pronouncement on the points at issue, and set forth a fair and reasonable observance of the Sabbath. The question which pre- sented itself to Es mind was, Were the people to follow tho Church, or was the Church to follow the people? It was time, he thought, that they had some indication of the attitude of the Church on the matter. As laymen they were puzzled very much to know what was considered right or wrong by the Church. In some parishes they went into they found that the clergy upheld the strict observance of the Sabbath in the old fashion, and in others all sorts of relaxa- tions were advocated. Personally, he was no advocate of the puritanic Sabbath, which held that a man was . wrong in kissing his ' wife on the Sunday. (Laughter.) He was in favour of making the Sunday bright and beautiful to the family of the peoplè. He favoured any- thing that would tend to draw the family together. He favoured throwing open the .public parks, gardens, museums, art gal- leries, and anything Ihat in any way administered to the education of the people. At the playing of cricket and foot- ball on the Sunday, however, he drew the line. If they conceded to cricket and foot- ball on the Sunday, as it had been concede 1 in Borne parts of the colony, where then were they to draw the line ? Why not go further, and take up horseracing aud re- gattas on the river ? Why should not the labourer say, I do not want this sport on the Sunday; I want to earn my wage for that day, and why should not the contractor say I do not want the sport, but I want my men to work on this day of the week ? He wished to know from the clergy whether they were to be guided in this matter by the words of the old Book, the Book they all revered. Throughout the country districts they read the old Book to their boys and girls, and told them that the promise contained in it for those who kept the day holy stu) held good. Was that so in the eye3 of the clergy ? He could honestly say that since he had bad a busi- ness he had never entered his office to do work of any kind on the Day of Best. He held that from no other reason that tho brain, if rested on the Sunday, was better and keener for business during the follow- ing week. CANON GBOSEB said he believed that the word of God spoke out plainly on this ques- tion. God gave them the commandment " Remember to keep holy the Sabbath." D? they said that this was in the Old Testa- ment and that they had had nothing to do with it, he did not agree with them at alL The Lord himself «aid that he did not come to destroy the law, but to fulfiil it. This,. to him meant that he came to make the law grander and better, not in any way to do away with it. ' The Lord had also said that the Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath; but the Sabbath was not made for man that he should desecrate it. They were commanded to keep the day holy, and lt was the duty of-every Christian to set himself to work to keep the day holy. Thi3 was'not to be done by taking the advice of some clergy, and simply go to church on. Sunday at nine o'clock and partake of Holy Communion, and afterwards do just what they liked." It was using mischievous ! words to say that ' such was keeping holy tiie Lord's Day. It was a travesty cn the the words of Our Lord Himself.- He believed all things were lawful,,but at the same time he did not think all things were expedient. Whilst it was not ungoldly to play cricket f or tennis on Sunday, he thought it was dis- tinctly inexpedient. If the people were ¡ taught that they need, only observe cer- tain ceremonies, it was reducing religion to nothing more nor less than a formality. Christ himself had given them some very beautiful examples of things that might be done upon the Sunday in his healing of the woman on the Sabbath, and the man suffering with dropsy. He did not claim by any manner of means that the Sabbath was a legal observance. They were not now under the law. ? They were now under the rule of graee> which was a reason why they should more devotedly and earnestly desire to keep the Sabbath holy. He con- tended that the old Jewish law was the sehoolmaster to bring the people to Christ. Christ was " the rest of the Christian people. The world at the pre- sent time was throbbing with unrest, and they should fake their rest in Christ, more especially on the Sabbath, and not in the pleasures of the world. He assured them that compared with the numbers who went pleasure seeking on the Sabbath in the. country the number who went to church were few indeed. The whole trend of the world at the present day was towards irreligión. Were those who played cricket keeping holy the Sabbath day or not ; Surely not. Why should they , not take up a stand as Christian people, and say that they, must consecrate the Sabbath Day and keep it holy? He would ask whether the true believer would relinquish the sweet ser- vices of Christ to follow the pleasures of the world. He thought not himself. He believed that on the contrary the true believer among the laymen and women of the Church would spend the Lord's Day in peace and quietness, and endeavour to make it a day full of jóyfulnesB, brightness, happiness and holinöBB. It was very nice to beregarded as a broad Christian-one who took'a wide view , of this matter of Sunday observance ; but personally he did not wish to be any wider than his Master. He asked them to remember the trend of the present day on the question of Sunday observance. Where was it trending and where was it .going to end? He thought, with Mr. Throssell, that it was the duty of thft Church to make some pro- nouncement upon'it. fie adjured them to be jealous of the sanctity of the Sabbath, and to deÜberately Bet lihemselves to keep it holy. Ia concíu6ion;jthe ter. sneaker xe ferrad to a controversy which he carried on in the press some years ago in connection with running ballast trains into Beverley on Sunday, to show the attitude taken up by the press sometimes on this question. After he had written four letters to the daily press and attained his object by having the trains stopped, a scrubby little sheet, published either in Fremantle or Perth, published a cartoon of himself, with his four letters reproduced underneath. The picture represented a parson with tall hat and umbrella, standing on the middle of a railway line, with outstretched arms, facing a train coming at expre33 speed down the line. A second picture pour trayed the unhappy parson scattered all over the placa in small pieces, and the train going calmly on its way. (Loud laugh- ter.) Mr. JAMES said that had he known that the debate was going to be such a formal one, he thought he would have been rude enough to have even refused the Bishop, when he asked him to take part. He did not think it was possible to discuss this question with due regard for the feelings of others. Some people looked upon the ob- servance of Sunday as an article of faith, The question of observing the Sabbath was, in his opinion, very much a matter of pre- dispo3ition, People were born, or seemed to be born, with ideas of their own, and could give no reasons for them. In Western Australia, as far as it was possible to judge, they had a people growing rapidly to the idea of the Continental Sunday. They found some clergy doing what they could to check this tendency, and others again who were inclined to look upon it with a certain amount of favour. It was, there- fore, hard, as Mr. Throssell had "said, to draw a hard and fast line. It was not so hard to recognise the principle itself, but it was hard indeed to say how far the principle should be carried out. Mr. Throssell, for instance, drew the line at physical sports. Now he (Mr. James) did not see the force of this argument. Why open their museums and art galleries for those who enjoyad that class of thing and prevent those who enjoyed physical exercise enjoying it. His one chief thought about the matter was that however much they talked about Sunday observance and non-Sunday observance, unless they re- moved that which caused the wrong, it was no good attempting to remove the-wrong itself. He did not think that they would derive much benefit or lighton the subject if they took, the bare words of the Com- mandments of the words of Scripture. He thought that much of the severity with which some people were inclined to look upon Sunday observance wa3 the remain- ing influence of the old Puritans, who looked upon all pleasure as a crime, andr whose influence they had never thoroughly got rid of. Hs admitted that he was in a difficulty so soon as he came to stat- ing his views on the question of what was observing the Sunday properly.. Referring to his boyhood days, and the days when he had to go to Sunday sshool, he confessed that they were always regarded by him as most dreadful days. He contended that some sports were useful and . elevating, and that they were none the worse for being carried on on a Sunday. He saw no reason for a game, which it was permissible for them to play on the week days,-being played on Sunday as well. He thought they had better adapt tao observance of I the Sabbath to the locality and the climate. Whatever observance of the Sunday tended to good, o the building up of a good nation, whatever observance tended to greater humanity, and to the elevating of their natures, surely that was the best to adopt. Were they not in doing this using to the fullest extent the day which God had so mercifully set apart for their good? Mr. H. D. HOLMES did not agree that the law " Remember to keep holy the seventh day" had been abrogated by the coming of the Lord. The law held as good now as it did then. Neither could he agree with the. argument that because it was sought to elevate the mind by throw- ing open the libraries aud museums, they should also allow the development of the physical side of their nature. He thought there were other times for developing the physical side, and it had to be remembered that there was a more important side to their nature than that. He hoped that if possible the Synod would take some stand on this matter, as also all Christian people to prevent the desecration of the Sabbath. Mr. ROWLAND REES also addressed the meeting, and put in a plea for the count- less numbers of people who, living in the hovels of great cities, never knew what it was to enjoy any of the privileges or pleasures of a Sunday. He agreed that something should be done to improve what he styled the depressing humdrum of Sunday observance at the present time. He would like to see the public library and other means of education more available. ... The Rev. G. E. PBITCHETT thought that if Christians were filled with the ever deepening and quickening spirit of the Holy Ghost there would be no fear of their desecrating the Sabbath. Mr. Justice STONE said that he recognised the very great difficulty which presented, itself as soon as they came to examine into the various phases of this important ques- tion. He thought, however, that the more they realised that the Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath, the more fully would they realise how best tho Sabbath could be utilised and how much of a blessing it was to man. - Since the I time when it was decreed that Adam andi his descendants should earn their livelihood by the sweat of theirhrows ic was essential* that a day should be set apart for rest, not; only for the rest of the body, but -in order to give the mind an opportunity of ponder« ing on those higher things that are mada for the improvement of the spiritual sida of their natures. In regard to the subject of sports on Sundays, he was afraid that it " had not a good tendency. Indeed, he would go so far as to say that it seemed impos- ; sible in these days to keep a tendency te evil ont «fi the very bestand most innocent of their sports. He had noticed one day on the Association Cricket Ground, when some bicycle sports were being, held two clergy- men, who happened to be present, walk away disgusted He soon ascertained the cause. He noticed several rascals calling the odds and betting going on openly. He considered that it was not a proper place for him either, and he left also. Mr. 0. BUBT thought that for the Church to attempt to lay down any hard and fast rule on the question would he about the biggest mistake that it could make. It was a matter which had to be left to the individual conscience of every churchman and churchwoman. Mr. Myerson and Mr. Woodruffe also tpoke. The BISHOP, in closing the meeting, said he was very much obliged to those who had so kindly consented to open the debate. He thought that what had been said that -S?*ih*^P£®t^JtoJthe^one fact, that they all desired to sèè the suncay netter" observed. They could see that there was a great variety of opinions in regard to this question, and they would need to be very careful in looking upon someone who ... did not hold the same views as they did as a sinner. The first thing they had to learn as Christians was not to judge others too harshly. He thought most people would agree with him that there was far too little reading and thought among the young people at the present time. It seemed to him that ho sooner were they out of the office than they were away to recreation. They wanted all day and days and Sundays for recreation, leaving no time at all for enabling of the higher facilities which Crod had given them. The conference closed with prayer. 