A LADY IN BLACK By Florence Warden. ? . ? j CHAPTER 911. j A Strange Fancy. ' What was that ?' asked Mabin, with a shiver. She and Rudolph had both turned WBtuiot ively towards the spot whence the rustling noise had oome. ' A oat, most likely,' answered BudeJpb. Bat Mabin Bhook her head. ?' I saw something,' whispered she. ' It was net a oat, it was not an animal at all. It was a man.' Perhaps Rudolph had had his suspicions, for he expressed no surprise. Before he could answer her, they heard the craokling ana tbe rustling again, not h a ucue ou tanoe. The intruder was making his way through the shrubbery. ' Won't you find out who it is ?'' whis pered the girl again. Rudolph hesitated. 'Perhaps I know,' said he, shortly. 'But if you wish, of course I can make sure.' ?' Then with evident reluctanoe, and taking no pains to go noiselessly, he fo' lowed the intruder through the bushes, and was in time to oatoh a glimpse of him as he dis appeared over a put of the fenoe that was in a broken-down condition. Rudolph did not attempt to continue bis pursuit, butoontented himself with waiting until he heard the Bide gate in the garden wall of Stone House , swing baok into its place with a loud creaking noise. Then he went baok to Mabin. Ste was standing where he had left her, on the bread gravel path under the faded laburnum. The sha dows were very deep under the trees by this titce, and in the half light her young faoe, with its small, delicate features, its dreamy, thoughtful eyes, full of the wonder of the world of the very young. looked so pretty that for the moment Rudolph forgot the errand on which he had been sent, and ap proached ber with no thought of anything but the beauty and the sweetness of her face. She, all nnoonsoious of this, woke him into reoellection with one abrupt word. '« Well ?' ' Oh,' almost stammered he, 'it was as I thought, the same person that I saw watching before.' 'And he went into our garden. I heard the gate,' saH Mabin, with excitement. 'It must be this Mr B^nks. Oh, who do you think he is ? What do you think he has oome for Rudolph was silent. Even to the least curious or observant mind the ciroum stanoes surrounding both 1dm and Mrs Dale oonld sot seem other than mysterious. It he were a detective, and he certainly did not look like one, surely he wonld not go to work in tbiB extravagant manner by renting a large and expensive house merely for the purpose of watohing Us next-door neighbor. Neither, it might be supposed, would he set te work in such a clumsy fashion as to be caught making his investigations at the very outset. Rudolph felt that the whole affair was a mystsry to wbioh be oould not pre tend to have tbe shadow of a clue. He con fessed this to Mabin. ' I wish,' he went on, in a gentle tone, 'that I had known something of this be fore your father went away.' 'Why,'' asked Mabin in surprise, and with something like revalfc iu her tone. ' Because I should have told hint some thing, jast enough, at any rate, to have made htm take you away with him.' Mabin was for a moment dumb with Bar prise. ' What,' she stammered at last, ' after all yonr talk about my being right to stand by my friend? ' ' Even after all that,' assented Rudolph, with decision. ' The matter is getting? toe serious,' he went oa gravely. 'I am afraid myself ef what may be going to hsppen.' *' Then,' retorted the girl, ' for all your talk about meanness being excusable in a girj, I oan be a better friend than you.' Rudolph Btniled. 'Ah,' said he, 'you forget that with you it is only a question of your friendship lor Mrs Dale. Now I have to think of both of you.' ' You need not trouble yourself about me, I assure yon.' ' But thia is j ast what I must do, madam, even at tbe risk of your eternal displeasure,' said Rudolph, with a mock heroia air which oo&cealed; real anxiety. ' You are not only daring enough, you are too daring where yonr heart is concerned, and it is the business of your friends to see that yen do Dot suffer for your generosity.' He spoke with eo muoh quiet deoision, that Mabin waa impressed and rather frightened, and it was with a sudden drop from haughtiness to meekness that she then asked : ' What are you going to do then ?' Rudolph hesitated. ' What I should like to do,' said he, ' is te take you te my mother's — ' Mabin almost screamed. ' You won't do that,' she said quietly, with her lips very tightly closed. ' She would be very kind to you,' suggested Rudolph, gently, pleadingly. He knew the prospect was not an entioing one, but he was not so quiok aa the girl to see all itB disadvanages. 'And don't you see that It wonld set them all saying the most dreadful things about poor Mrs Dale if I were to leave her suddenly like that? I shouldn't think of such a thing. It would b9 cruel as well as cowardly. She would never be able to stay in Stone after that.' ' I don't think she will be able to stay in any case,' said Rudolph, gloomily. ' ' If she is persecuted by this spy on one hand, and by the old woman on the other, it isn't likely that she will be able to stay here long.' A new idea flashed suddenly into Matin's mind and then quickly found expression : ' Do you suppose,' she asked, 'that this man, this Mr Banlu, Is paid by the old lady to spy upon Mrs Dale ? The old lady must ke very riob, I think, and she ia eooentric, evidently. But Rudolph was inclined to think this idea far-fetohed. From what he had aeen of the mysterious spy he bad come to qnlte another conclusion, one that at present he did not oare to communicate to Mabin, for fear of alarming her unneoeasarily. 'Of course, it is possible that the man may be a paid detective,' admitted be, doubtfully ; ' but there waa nothing cf the ex policeman about your Mr Banks. And now,' went on Rudolph, who found Mabin herself a more interesting mystery than the unknown man, ' let us forget all about him for a little while, and go up to the old seat where the trees leaves off, before it gets too dark to see the sea. You remember the old seat, and how we used to trespass to get at it, don't yon ? ' Mabin blnshed a little. She remembered the old seat very well ; an eld broken-down bench, supported en the stumps of a couple of felled trees, just on the edge of the planta tion telonging to 'The Towers.' Betas conveniently near tooth to '8 tone House and the Vicarage, file children of both houses had established, in those far oil years which Rudolph waa recalling, a right te tread down the old fenoe at that particular point, and to hold wonderful picnios of butterscotch and sour apples. ' We won't go up there now,' she said, with a sudden demureness, Whioh contrasted strongly with the eagerness she had shown wiiiie auouaaing tne persecution ol Mrs Dale. ' It's getting dark, and rather cold, I think, and besides, I hope by this time that Mrs Dale may be xeadj to see us ?gain.' Rudolph felt snubbed. The girl's manner was so precise, so stiff, that it was impos sible for him to understand that her sudden primness was only a relapse into her Innate, guluh modesty. He followed her without a word towarda tfce house, and there, juat i«'wi0 aawihe slight figure wi blaok' looklnB llke » pathetic vialon in the gW^ wfch ifc, tear-stained \ «®w2i WS «Ue'i8WeUel y. weut on. with assumed playfulnes , whlo did not hide the faot that her fe« had bem real, ' that you had run away from me ai *° M* bin lost her awkwardness, her stiffness, her shy, girlish reserve, In an inrtwrtv Moved by strong pity end affection, s&e;, took the two Bteps whioh brought her under the portico, and stooping, flang her- ainw round the little figure, , ,i 'You didn't — really. V she whispered, hoareely. ' Oh, I hope not, I hope noU . Mrs Dale oouli not answer. But Mabin . .. * ? ? ? ! ? I.am kand fn fnftt. All CI felt ner rrame quiver '''' -- -7-7.1. heard the sound of a stifled sob. R'idolp° stepped noiselessly out into the garden *8*'My dear, my dear child,' murmured Mrs Da'.e, when she had 'covered somooi her telf -possession by a strong effort, you would have been quite justified if y°u had gone. But I am glad, oh I no glad, that you have waited for me to drive you away. ' Yon won't do that cried Mabin, start ing back, and seeing with surprise in the fair blue-eyed face an expression of strong resolution, *' After pretending you were so g'ad to have me !' 'It was no pretence balieve me ! said Mrs Dale, with a sad little smile. ' Bat I am obliged to send you away all the name. It would not be right to keep you here, now that I see the persecution I am to be subjected to BtiU!'' And her blue eyes flashed angrily as she spoke. /But the. next moment her faoe ohanged again, and she added, quickly : 'I have deserved It all, I have no right to complain. Only— she might haveepared you. 1 Bhouldhave dose you no harm ; you would have learned no evil from me,iwickod as I am.' - The girl interrupted her with a frightened faoe, and speaking iu an eager whisper — «« Oh, hush; huSh 1 You are not wioked. It is dreadful' to* hear you say such things 1 I will not let you say them. You have the kindest heatt: in the world; If you have ever done wrong, you are sorry, bitterly sorry. Wickei people are never eorry. Let me stay with you and comfort _you if J can, l*y showing you how happy it makes me to be with you !' Mrs Dale shook her head. She did not, however, repeat In wordB her resolve that Mabin must go, though she guessed by the expression of her faoe that her mind was made up on tbe subject. Tiiey stood silently looking out at the soft beauties cf the twilight, the greens as they melted into greys blending in suoh a tender harmony of colour that the sight seemed to supply a balm, through tear dimmed eyes, to their heavy hearts. They scent of the roses came to them 'across the space of gravel, too, mingled with the pleasantly acrid perfume of the limes. Rudolph's step, as he took advantage ef the silence to thiust himself again upon the notioe of the ladles, startled them both. ' Now you've spoilt it all j' cried Mrs Dale, in a tone which w»s meant to be one cf light-hearted pleasantry, but whioh be trayed too plainly the difficulty she had in assuming it. ' The garden looked like a fairy pioture till you rushed in and ruined the perspective. Aren't you going to apologise?' 'No. The pioture wanted human In terest, so I painted myself on tbe canvas, just to satisfy year artistic susceptibilities. I am sorry to find you so ungrateful. I hope you, Mabin, have more appreciation ? ' But the girl's eyes were full of tears, and not being used to this light strain of talk, she oould not answer, except by a few mumbled words, whioh had neither sense nor coherence. Mrs Dale put np her baud — she had to stretoh it up a long way — and smoothed the girl's pretty browu hair. ' Doa't tease her,' she said, softly. ' Mr Bonnington, I mustn't ask you to dine with us, but I would if I might.'' ' And' why mustn't you ?' asked Budolpb. ' Well, because, in tbe miserably equivocal porition I am in, it would be a pleasure— if I may take it for granted that it would be a pleasure to you, as it .wonld certainly be to me— dearly bought. The Vicar would strongly disapprove ; your mother would be shocked beyond measure.'. _ . _ ' Bat I shouldn't mind that, I assure you. I've shocked my mother and excited the dis approval of my father so often that they don't expect anything else from me. Be sides, I'm afraid you flitter yourself too muoh In believing that you have such an enviable peculiarity ; If yon were to issue invitations to the whole parish to a garden party, or a dinner, or anything you liked, I'm afraid you would be disappointed to find that everybody would oome.' 'Perhaps they would think there was safety in numbers, and that fortified by the presence of everybody else, they oould gaze at the monBter in security J'1 suggested Mrs Dale with a smile. ' In the meantime how muoh nearer rauet I get to inviting myself to dinner this even ing?' said Ridolph, with a subdued voioe and a meek manner. ' Ah, well, for Mabin's sake then, I spare you the humiliation and invite you myself. You shall stay to amuse her, since I am afraid she would find me a very dreary com panion.' ' Indeed I shouldn't,' oried Mabin, blush ing deeply and speaking with as muoh energy as lf the presenoe of Rudolph were an injury. ' I should like nothing better than an evening alone with you.' Rudolph drew a deep slgb, and even Mrs Dale oonld not suppress a smile at the gill's onoonsciouF gaucherie , When Mabin realised what a stupid thing she had said, she was of course too muoh ashamed of hereelf to laugh at her clumsy wordB, and fell, instead, into a stiff silence whioh the ethers found it im possible to make her break except by demure monosyllabic answers. ? When they went into the dining-room, therefore, the evening did not promise to be a lively one. Mrs Dale seemed to find it impossible to shake off ihe effects ef the visit of her persecutor. Rudolph was op pressed by fears for both the ladies, and by doubts whether his presence there was net an indiscretion whioh would make matters worse for both of them. While Mabin, per plexed *nd troubled by a Bcore cf unao* customed sensations, was the most silent, the most depressed of all. . Daylight was still streaming in from the west a£they took their seats at the table in the dingily-furnished room. Mrs Dale gave a litt'e shudder as she glanced from the 'furnished horuw ' knives to the common place dinner service. ' Ah_I'^she said. ' It was not like this that ! used to entertain my friends. My little dinners had quite a reputation — once !'' Then, as if she felt that these regrets were -worse than vain, she turned the subjeot abruptly, while a spasm of pain for the moment convulsed her face. j Rudolph, on his side, was sorry she had mentioned the ' little dinners.' They sug gested a past life in whioh there had been, something more than frivolity ; something with whioh he would have disassociated Mrs Dale if he oould. But innocent Mabin, wishing to say something, brought the con versation back to the point it hadleft. 'But why can't you have pretty dinners now. If you like to J' ? Mrs Dale's fair face grew whiter a* she answered, gently — „ 'I will tell you — presently— some day— wby I don't have anything pretty or idee about me now.' . .. . . And Mabin, feeling that she had touched a painful ohord, became more silent than ever. Perhaps it was her sudden subsidence into absolute gloom whioh caused the other two to make a great effort to restore something of animation to the talk. and. being both young and of naturally high spirits, they suooeeded so well that before ihe meal, whioh had began so solemnly, was over, Mrs Dale and Rudolph were talking and laugh ing as if there had never been a. shadow upon either of their lives. At first they made brave attempts to drag Mabin into the conversation ; but, aa these efforts were In vain, it naturally ended In her being left out of the gaiety, and sitting entrenched in the gloomy sllenoe of her own, And when dinner was over, and they all went, into the little adjoining 'xoom whioh Mrs Dale called her ' den, it fras quite wtarsl that Mrs Dale zhonld ait down at uie piano, in.^tha good-nature&wish; to to hhn and that she was particularly frigid inhelvmanner, ehould go over to the piano, and, by coaxing Mrs Dale ta sing him his favourite songs *ahd then hers, Bheuld oon-r tinue the brisk flirtation began at the dinner table. Mabin had brought it all upon herself, and she tried to persuade herself that it was quite right and natural, and that she did not mind ; and when Rudolph was gone and she was alone with her hostesB, she suooeeded in convincing her that she had not felt negleoted, but had enj-iyed the merriment she had refused to share. But when she got upstairs into her pretty bedroom, after bidding Mrs Dale good-nigbt, she had the greatest difficulty in keeping baok the tears whioh were dangerously near her proud eyea. She did not oare for Rudolph, of course not ; she wanted him to fall iu love with Mrs Dale— if, indeed, he had not already done so — and marry her and console her. for all her troubles, and stop the persecution ef ';the oat.'1 But somehow this hope, this wish, did not give her all the unselfish sathf action it ought te have dene. And Mabin, wondering what had happened te take the prettiness out of the room and the pleasure eut of her friendship with Mrs Dale, fell asleep with her heart full of name less grief. She awoke with a start to, find a white figure standing motionless in tile middle of the room. Mabin sprang up in bed and rubbed her eyes. Was she awake ? Or was she only dreaming that the body of a dead woman, stiff, rigid, but in an upright position, was standing like a marble ^statue between the bed and the nearest window ? : She leapt eut of bsd, and; not without un canny fears, touched the statuesque figure. ' Mrs Dade J ' she almost shrieked, as the great eyes suddenly turned and fixed a blank, wild gaze upon her face. ' Oh I what has happened ?. What is the matter ? ' The figure, whioh, In white night garments had looked so unlike the black-robed widow that she had not reoognlsed it, trembled' from head to foot. The lips parted, but at first no words escaped them. At last, with a strong effort, Mrs Dale uttered theBe werds : ' Let me stay here. Let me sit in this arm-ohair till morning. Oh, I will not hurt you, or frighten yoa. But if I go back I s ha 1 go mad 1 ' This house Is haunted ! haunted ! I havo seen ? ' A hoarse rattle iu her throat seized her, threatened to ohoke her. With one wild glance round, peering into the comers of the room, she dang herself on the fljor and buried her face in the ohalr. CHAPTER VIII. A HAUNTED HOUSE. Mabin was taken so thoroughly by sur prise, on seeing the wild self-abandonment of her unhappy companion, that for a few minutes she stood staring at the crouching figure on the floor, like one only half awake. Was this really Mrs Dale, this haggard, panting creature with the hoarse voioe, the twitching hands, the wide eyes fall of un speakable terror t Mabin's sympathy was ready, but at first she did not dare to offer it. Suoh terrible anguish, suoh paralysing fear as that from which the miserable woman was suffering, was something surely beyond her poor pawers of comfort ! And even as the girl advanced timidly a step nearer to her grief-stricken friend, there flashed into her mind the horrible question —What must this secret be, locked in the widow's breast, which could throw her into such paroxysms of abject terror t F or, not unnaturally, Mabin oame to the conclusion that the vision which had alarmed Mrs Dale was one of the results of the remorse from which Bhe owned that she was suffer ing. ' Don't 1 Don't Bob like that 1 Yon will make yourself ill ; you will indeed. There is nothing, there is nobody here to frighten you,' sail the girl at last, drawing a little closer to the crouohing figure, bat not yet daring to touch, her, or to speak ii_ a tone louder than a whiepsr. At the firat sound of her voioe, Mrs Dile had started, and raised her head quickly, turning to the girl's view a face so muoh altered, so drawn, so old -looking, that she hardly recognised the featareB of the lovely widow. Then, when the voice ceased, she glanced round the room again, with the same hunted, anxious look as before. « Nothing — nobody to frighten me !' she repeated in a shaking voice. 11 No, of course not, of course not. H)w silly I have been. I am afraid I frightened you, dear, wifhmy dreams, my silly fancies 1' She struggled, as if worn out and ex hausted by her emotion, to gain her feet. Timidly, gently, Mabin helped her to rise. ' I'm very glad I was here,' answered Mabin, in kindly tones that sent a shiver of grateful recognition through her agi tated companion. 'Dj you feel batter now f' ' Yes, oh, yes, I am all right; I am not ill. I tmsomuch ashamed of myself f?r disturbing you. I don't know how to apolo gise,' answered Mrs Dale, trying bravely I to speak in her usual tone, but glancing at the door, and then back to the window, as she uttered the words. ' It must have been a dream, of course, that frightened VMM J' me* And then, quite suddenly, Bhe broke down again, and slipping from the support ing arm of her young companion, she threw hereelf into the wicker arm-ohair, and burst into a passion of tears. Uncertain what to do, Mabin, in her sympathy and kindness, did exactly the right thing. She drew another chair beside the wicker one, sat kdown is it, and pntting her right ! arm round Mrs Dale's shoulder, and hold- i ing the poor lady's trembling fingers in her own, remained in perfeot silence until the first ebullition of violent grief had passed away. ' I Bhall never forget your kindnesB, child, neVer,' said Mrs Dale, when, as suddenly as it had begun, her passion of tears ended. ' You have saved me from going mad, yes, mad. I-rl must leave you now, or you won't get any rest.' She rose as she spoke, but Mabin sawthat the panic of terror whioh had been upon her at her entrance was regaining its hold' upon her as she approached the dcor. With her fingers on the handle she stopped, aud seemed once more to grow rigid with fear. Mabin was by her side in an instant. ' Stay here,' ehe said. 4 - You will have the dream again, perhaps, If yon go away by yourself.' At these Words a shiver ran through Mrs Dale, and she faltered. ' It must have bean that , gloomy room I ' ?be said at last, in a whisper. ' And the tffeot of her visit I But it will kill me if it oomes again ! ' Suddenly she turned to Mabin. ' May I lie on, the sofa until this morning ? ' she asked, piteously. -' I won't disturb you. I feel as if ' I should be safe from — It— in here with you I ' ~ The wistful pleading in her eyH brought the tears to Mabin's. * 'Of course you mu3t stay,' she cried, heartily. ' And I do hope you will get to sleep, and not have any more dreams.' Very quietly Mrs Dale lay down en the couch between the windows, and, drawing the scfa blanket over her, and refusing any other covering, she closed her eyes. Mabin knew that this apparent tranquility- was assumed only, and^Jie plaoed henelf on the bed in suoh a position uiat she could watch her friend, wmle ltppearing to be herself asleep. Thus she waited and watched in silenoe. Before many tninutae had parsed (die. saw, from between half -closed 8yebkshes,that Mrs Dale was sitting np, and bending her_-hBad in a listening attitude. And ; ? p-«i|mtyr.|flie-: slender figure, with its white dresring-gown, slipped softly off the Bofa and huxrfod on tip toe across the floor to the door. There it knelt down and listened again. And after a few minutes Mrs Dale turned the key in the look, and crept baok, not to the coash, but to the armohair. Mabin shut her eyes, and tried to disen-, tangle the knet of strange ideas that £11 ed her brain, v What was the nature of ihe secret which weighed on the conscience of Mrs Dale ? Why was she kept in luxnry by the Tery who W»d Io make her Ufe ' ' ' J' ' * able, to out her off from every human friend? What Was the strange tie between the hard, elderly^ woman and the impulsive, volatile young one? What was : the .-vision, vrtilwi had caused her so muoh distress.?. Ana, above «U, why, if it was only a vision, did she try to keep it away by looking tne door ? u And why— and wby — ? More queBtion® surged up ia ber tired brain ; but .Mabin forgot them as they rose. She fell asleep. . When she awoke in the myrninglt was to find that someone was knocking at the door, and then she heard the housemaids voice announcing that it was eight o clock, bue sprang up, and looked towards the sofa ; put there was no one but herself in the toom. Surely, she thought, the strange visit ot the night must have been a dream, ine rug on the sofa was neatly folded, just as it had been. when she came up to bed last night. Not a sign was to be seen of any ui truslon during the night.- _ , , Even when she went downstairs and met Mrs Dale in tha hall, there was little to tell of the experience of the hours of dark ness. Perhaps the pretty widow looked a Uttle paler than usual, but in' every other respect she was the same airy, impulsive creature, now Bmiling, now looking sad, ju she had been before the dreadful visit of the lady whom irreverent Mabin called 'the oat.' It was .not, indeed, until breakfast was over, and they had gone out into the garden to cut some flowers while the dew was on them, that either of the ladies made any reference to the events of the night. Mrs Dale, with one daintly-shod foot in a flower-bed, was stretching cut her hands to wards a bush of. sweet' peas, when, witm-ut turning her head; she said — 'I am in great trouble about you, Mabin.' _ , „ ' Are you ? Why, Mra DJe I 'I den't quite know what'to do with you. If I send you to Mrs Boiwington, I shall have to tell some shocking tarradiddle about the drains - having to oome up, or the roof having given way, and she will be eure to find me out and to pry, *ud to give b9th of ub what the old women call ' much ?un- pleasantness.' And If I send you on to Geneva, I don't know whether they will be glad to see you when you arrive.' ' And I'm sure they won't,' said Mabin, heartily. 'And there Is one other objec tion to sending me anywhere, and that is that I won't go.' Mrs Djle dropped her sweet peas, and turned round. Her eyes were full of sudden tears. ' Nonsense, child,' she said, sharply, but in a querulous tone whioh betrayed her emotion, ' nonsense.. It was deoided yester day afternoon that you were to go. You know it was.' ' You deoided that I was to go, I didn't. And ? ' Instinctively Bhe dropped her voice. 'Aud something that happened last night — iu the night, made vie decide not to go. There ! ' ' Bnt, my dear ? ' ' No, Mrs Dale, I'm not going to be ' got round.' You've chosen to take me upon your shoulders, so now you must just keep me. Ha I ha I You didn't know I had so muoh determination, dii you ?' But Mrs Dale cau'.d soarely epeak. Now for the first tune that morning Mabin realised that the scene of the night had really taken plec9, for the emotions aroused by this little bit of talk had brought back into Mrs Dale's blue eyes a faint reproduc tion of the wild terror she 'had shown when she cime to the girl's rcom. When she had rccovared her voice, the lady in black, pale, hoarse, shaken with her agitation, stammered out these words — ' My dear girl, it is beautiful of you to effar to stay. Bnt I curaot let you. You ought never to have come. I waa mad, wickcd to let you come ; but my madness and my wickedness I must bear alone.' Hiw strange these words eeemad in the broad daylight, Mabin thought. By the weak glimmer of the night-light Mrs Dalc'B wild lookB and words had seemed fantastic, weird. But the broad euulight seemed to give the nameleaa horror whiob hung about the poor little lady in black a reality as vivid as it was painful. ' But with this feeling there o-m3 also into the heart ot the young girl a great tenderness towards the suffering woman who was haunted by the shadow of her own past. So she smiled, and, with a pretty, half-shy hok iu her eyes, eaid— 'You told me I saved, you from gc»sg mid, so I mean to stay j and I mean to ?leep in the same room with you, so that you ehall not be frightened any more.'- Mrs Dale shook her head. ' I can't let you do that,' Baid she. v I don't sleep very well, and sometimes I start up and cry out. I should frighten you.' *? Then we will exchange rooms,' s&id; Mabin. By the look of joy and relief which flashed over Mrs Dale's .fee a at this sug gestion Mabin sawthat she had conquered. ' Bat — won't you be afraid P' asked the widow, in a troabled voice. 'What ! of a ghost, a vision, or of hav ing ^-ad dreams P No, not a bit.' Mrs Dale glanced gratefully at the young -face, with its look of robust Philis tine ecorn of phantoms. 'It is a temptation,' she murmured; 'f-r, after all,! knew, I knoio that it was only a- dream, a horrible dream, and there is no fear that the dream will 030.4 to you.' ' And if it did,' retorted Mabin, stoutly, 'it wouldn't, frighten me. I'm too ' stodgy {' - I have no imagination.' Mrs Dale smiled sadly. . ' You are right,'' she said. 'If you did have the same dream it would have no tenors for you. Yoar conscience is clear.' ' And my digestion good,' added [ Mabin; lightly, as she.pioked up the fallen flowers and put them in her baeket. There was no doubt that her refcsal to go had taken a load' of melancholy from -the shoulders of her hostess, who sent .the young girV out fcr a walk as soon ss .the gathering of the flowers waB over,, and charged her not to go far enough to, tire her stall weak ankle. Mabin, with a hwk and a sunshade, sauntered slowly down the hill to. the nearest gap in the cbff, and west dowQ the deep descent to the sands. This was np paradise of nursemaids and babies, but a solitary nook, beloved by quiet maiden ladies, and sentimental couples. With raah disregard of the dagger of sitting uqSer a chalk cliff, Mabin found a seat ona rftok worn smooth by the sea, opened her b$ok, and began — no it? read. The circumstances in which she found herself were- far too interesting for her to be able to give herself up to the milder ex oitemento of fiction. She Bat with her open book on her lap and her eyes staring out at the sea, which was vividly blue in the sun shine, when she became suddenly conscious of a footstep she knew in her immediate nagborhood. Although she affected to ba surprised when Budolph appeared before her, she had known that he wus approaching, and her heart began to bent very last. He looked down ac her. between the spikes of her sunshade, pretending to be afraid to speak to her. ' *3ood morning,' said she at last. ,'1 ins wondering whether I dared say tbe.samething 1' 'Dared?': 'Yes. After your treatment of me last night, Ifelt nervous.' . 'My treatment of you! What treat ment?' Why were you so unkind P Or mustn't I ask why t' 'You may ask, of course. Bat I can't give you any answer, because I didn't know that I was unkind.' ' I wish I could believe that.' 'Well, if you won't believe it,I have nothing to say.' Ridolph was silent a few ntiftutes. Then, vrith a burst of explosive energy, he made np his mind. 'Nol' he cried, so loudly that Mabin started, aa he threw himself down on the sands beside her, ' I will net be daunted twill' encase mjrelf In double * nub-proof armor plates, »ud I *id try . to t»*«h h« «? '?''-! . . I V- V- - ? - ? hatto be dignified_it is not necessary to be unkind— and— yes, I will say it— abso- lutely rude.' . * , Mabin became crimson, ana the tears started to her eyes. She had not meant to be rude, but undoubtedly her behavior had laid her open to this accusation. 'I am stupfd, clumsy; I am rude with out mftftwing it,' she said iu a tone of suoh excessive humility and penitence that it was impossible to doubt her sincerity, ' I am very sorry. But you shouldn't take any* notice of what I do or say. Nobody does at home. When -I am more awkward and tiresome than usual, they always say— ?Ob, if s only Mabin 1' .and then nobody minds.' ' Ah, well, I can't quite feel like that — that it's only Mabin. When one likes a person, and wants to be good friends, very good friends with that person, just as one used to be when that person and oneself were little things in Bhort frocks and knickerbockers, it is very disheartening to fiud that person determined to be — er— to be — er — so reserved that when one site beside that person, as I did last night, you know, she will only let one see eo muoh of her right ear as to practically turn her baok to one I' 'I didn't!' ' ' You did though. And it is what you were doing again just now until the hor ror of hearing the truth made you turn round to fly at me 1 You did turn . your back upon me last night, Miss Base, and you hurt my feelings.' ' Indeed, yen did not seem to be hurt. Y-ou seemed to be enjoying yourself very much!' ' Well, so I was, in a way. ,. But I should have enjoyed myself muoh jnore if you -had been as nice as you were iu the garden.' Mabin heaved a deep sigh. 'It's no ubs expecting me to benioe/'shf said in a voice of despair, 'I oan only manage it bo very seldom.' ' Well, oould you hold out seme signal, suoh as by wearing a particular flower, or colour, or some eepeoial knot of ribbon, to let a fellow know when he may speak to you without being snubbed ? 'No, I couldn't,' retorted Mabin with great fierceness, but with a twinkle of fun in her grey eyes, whioh gave greater hopes than her wordB did. ' It is of no use forme to promise more than I oan perform; You had better look upon me as a decidedly dis agreeable person, with rare moments ef proper behavionr.' ' Proper behaviour, then, means niceness ? I'm glad youthink it proper to be nioe to me 1 ' Bald Rudolph. ' I perceive that I've lighted upon one of the rare 'moments,' and I'm going to take advantage of it,' he added, as he came a little nearer to her, and looked up in her faoe with a glance of amusement and admiration which made her blush a little. ' I am going to make you talk to me, and amuse me, aa yon were to'.d to do last night.' ' No ! Ifc _wa9 you who were told to amuse me !' ' Was it ? Well, we'll take it in turnB then. Dj you remember who taught you cricket.' ' Yes ; oh, yes.' ' And in what a rage you used to foe when you were oaught out ?' 'Yes,' answered Mabin; ' I remember ; but I don't want to talk about cricket. I want to toll you something. Mra Dale has a fauoy that ' The Towers ' is haunted.' And she related the adventure of the pre vious night, and her intention of changing rooms with her hostess. Ridolph listened gravely, and there was a pause when she had finished before he made any comment. Then he said, abruptly : ' Yen are not nervous, are you, Mabin ? I know you tued to have no end of pluck.' ' Well, I haven't any less than I ever had.' ' Well, if you do change rooms, you have got to be prepared te see the ghost yourself.' ' ' You make me feel rather — rather creepy ! .What do you really think I Bhall see t' 'A faoe at the window, probably. The faoe of the spy from your house. What else oan sheJiave seen ? ' . Mabin considered a moment. ' Til risk It 5' she oried, at last. ''I shan't go to bed at alL I shall sit up and watch.' ' I wish you would. We should find out something if you had the strength cf mind to do that. Not without a wild beating of the heart, Mabin undertook the task of holding the strange night-watch, without saying a word to'Mra Diie of her intention. 'Sie thinks she only had a dreadfid dream, yon know,' said Mabin. Well,'.' replied Rudolph, ' I want to know what sort of a dream you will have.' He had to admire the courage she showed in undertaking a risk which was, as she expressed it, 'rather shuddery,' for when he If ft her at the gate of 'The Towers,' she was still steadfast in her in tention. It was not until after dinner that even ing that Mrs Dale introduced the young girl to the apartment she was to occupy that nignt. Mabin was astonished at its dinginess, its gloominess, contrasting S3 etrongly as they did with the fresh prettiness of the xoom whioh had baen pre pared for herself. It was a large cquare room, with a mouldy, old-fashioned wall-paper, on which unnatural pink roses climbed up„a succes sion of thin hop-polei. The' pictures were groups of trees, done with the penoil in the woolly early Viotorian manner, and stiff bouquets, in water-color, of conventional early Victorian fljwers. The bed, which was hung with green curtains, ocoupied an undue space j and Mabin felt that, in the weird circumstances of her tenancy of the rosm, she would have died rather than sleep in that funereal erection. When Mrs Dale had kissed her and bade her good-night, after reoeiving Mabin's assurances that she did sot feel in the least nervous, the young girl felt a strong incli nation to follow her friend out of the room, and to implore her to fiad her some other sleeping- place. By a valiant effort, however, she con quered this weakness, and made a caref al survey of her surroundings. In the first place, the windows and their fastenings had to be examined. They were carefully secured, and were both so high above the ground that it would have been impossible for an intruder to reach them without a ladder. . There were three doors; and at first Mabin was inclined to regard 'this as a dis* quieting circumatance. But on finding that two of them were unused, looted, and with -out a key, aad that there was a bolt on the door by which she had entered, she began to feel more at eas3. Exchanging her frock for a dressing* gown, and providing herself with a book, sihe placed henelf in an armohair whioh Btood near the fireplace, which, although shabby, was sufficiently comfortable, and, putting her candles on a small table beside her, settled herself to read. Her book was a novel of excellent typ9, not too clever to be charming, not so commonp'aoe as ~ to bd dull. Much to her own surprise, she got interested, and forgot, cr .almost forgot, the vague fears which kept her in the arm chair, instead of in bed. She was in the very heart of the book, when a sound, a very Blight sound, behin her baok, caused the blood almost to free in her veins. It was a soft, stealthy tread. Looking round, half paralysed with terror, she saw that the door was ajar, and that creeping soffcly round towards the in side handle was the long, thin hand of a man. (To be Continued. ) A' Sihplis Knife Clbaner.— Mr R. BU ton, of 22 Oleethorpea-road, Grimsby, Is the inventor of « new knife-ole&ning; arruufe ment; It consists of a stout wooden box, having a hole at one end for the Insertion of the bUde, a small reservoir for piwdered bathbnsk, and a loose ton whioh ? - m the knife. jTho blade cf &e; knife winE be iween «mer£«t°ne on the bottom, and a pieoe of the usual knife-board material on the. top. There i. nothing in Sbexto get out of order, andit*2Uia be fe tUtp olwttfcr. ™ 