THES omLD-BEVlL. \- We all wondered why Octavius Nottage married at 17. Octavias Nott≥ is the youth who drives his. father's waggon to. fetch and carry linen from our town to the ' 'laundry in his own village. An ordinary. toy was Ootavius until a year or so ago ; just ruddy, and grubby; and scented with the boyish soent of brimstone and marbles. 1 'His' name bad been bestowed upon him by r J'hi8 parents out of compliment to a young gentleman of that family , in which Mrs. ? ' 1 ' . Nottage had been uursemaid— the eighth ? ' ^ young gentleman in a, family of eleven. TTrue, it so happened that Octavius Nottage 'waa 'a first and only child, but there be still '' ' s)me persons living who stride over trifles, , ' . ' and level all difficulties with the besom of disregard; and John and Jane Cottage were of this claes. When first we knew Octavius he was \\\y crtutdy and mischievoup, travelling to and from town and village in the waggon as a sort of unpleasant consequence of John Nottage's rheumatism, fidgotting among the bundles and bjskols throughout the journeys for the sole purpose or loading and unload ing at the terminus. Then camp a time when John Nottage devoted his entire at tention to his pain, and sat at home to give the fiend no cause for jealousy ; then were tha horse and waggon entrusted to Oetavius, who rtjoicod thereat, for Oa|aviu3 was now LIB, and much preferred the handling of the reins and the breaking of hi3 own record ~\ . to that forced reposo on the uneven surface of somebody'o week's washing, to whioh he had hitherto been doomed. He -.-enjoyed- ^ himself, the grinning young ruffian, and we '**'l- could not find it ia our hearts to reproach '..; him for hi3 heartkssneee. . Bat there came a- year,, a whole 12 .,,-' .months, in which Qetaviuo- changed ^\' utterly j be grow tall— that , :t o be-.'-aure,- was 'only what one might ? expect, or .at least. ^b-ope — but, iu- addition to this, his face gyeer wbite even to ghastliness ; bis eyes stared with a hunted, haunted expression from out his pallor, and be became gloomy -as the veriest pessimist. We all noted the s. change; we all deplored it.. Then, at tha end of 12 months, Ootaviua married, and our regrets turned to prudent disapproval of the imprudence of his act. »' Hiove' and ' ghosts' aro superstitions which gain but little credence in these days of science and health exhibitions; but iu the story of Octavius Nottage we have to face a strong similitude to both these super stitious ; and as yet there is no explanation ready. Ou the first morning of that enervating year 'Octavius drove into town with his baskets a3 usual, delivered them with a giin and a joke of equal breadth at their respective area doors, remounted his seat on the knify edge of the waggon, and started for home, whistling ' Primo' of a duet with the rattle of wheels ashe went. This was pleasant and commonplace enough in .its way; but .v?hen Octaviua reached the margin of the town a -strange thing happened. With the waggon still Tumbling on, with the rattle of the wheels still in his ears, \jith the whistle still on his lips, his eyes chanced to glance down at the shafts, and there he saw, clambering up the step, even as the waggon went at its full speed, a grimy little child uf hideous feature?, with baling yellow eyee, and a few tawny rags wrapped nuod abcut it. 'Hullo, there!' shouted Octavius, cheer fully, ' get down, you young brat.' ./ But the child ntither looked at him nor answered him \ it just climbed on per sistently, regardless of. the waggoner's rights as of its own danger. '' Little beggar, you !' shouted Octavius again, ' d'ye 'hear what I say; get down/' S4U the child gave no answering sign. ' Oh, ail right ! we'll soon see about tba*,' quoth Octivius ; and, slackening speed a trifle, he leaned forward to take the young trespasser by the shoulder that he might drop him over the side of. the Waggon, with cave as with determination; but-— there was no shoulder ! his hand went grasping the air 1 Oetaviua drew back in horror, and the blood ebbed out of his f c--, while the c-utchiDg band went shaking as with palsy. Bu*, even as he looked, there aat the child, grimy and hideous, on the footboard be side his very feet, gazing with those blBzing yellow eyes from out of it's evil oouptenanca at the horse as it ambled on its way. Then did the heart of Octavius turn to water behind his rib.?; then did his tune trail off inelegantly in raid-bar as his mouth grew lax with horror ; then did the taut reins slacken ia his hands, as ht3 fnce stiffened. 'coldly.' For here iu broad day light, before this ruddy, healthy youth, clothed in corduroy, on a commonplace waggon lacking paint, and hurg about with gaudy signs of modern soaps and matchless oleansere, sat a ghost ; a grimy, pallid, evil featured ghost, who asked ho permission and heeded no remonstrance*. For a mile or more the horse jogged ok unguided, while Ootavius stoyd wide-eyed and horror-struck on the footboard beside that — thing ! and took bo ount of- lime or pace. Ib wa3 awful! As tho ruomoiits went by it eeeau-d to'Octavius as if. things must always have been in this wise — juat he, and it, and the rattling waggon, with no part for him to play but to endure. Then, as the waggon neared tho village, from the thing besido him came a shore, hellish shriek; and then there was empty space where tho thing had sat, and nothing remained but the echo of that shriek iu his ears. The sound roused him into some sort of action ; he leaned forward, he shouted 'Whoa J'V to his horse from his dry throat, though he had no strength to ?pull the reins, and he staggered down from the BhatVto the ground that he, might wit ness the* departure of the creature. He looked before him and behind him, but it was not to be seen ; then did he stare at the common stretching away on either side of him, at the sky, at the pools; but there was no traca of the hideous thing who had claimed conveyance from him ; no echo of footfall, no footprint in the sand. When Octavius reached his home that aftqrnoon the sheck of his journey had already left its mark upon him, bis heart cowered within him in childish 'shame and fi-av of ridicule, and he said nothing of the horror he had gone through; he? whose communicativeness had driven his father not infrequently to quote copiously from proverbs bearing upon 'the speech of fools, arid bis mother to suggest kindly but daily that it was always as well to eat a dinner while it was hot; and talk after wards j hej I say, spoke no word of what he had seen* and even unconsciously rubbed his cheeks with his fistvi to soften that grey rigidity which had fallen upon them. But the terror which Octavius suffered that night when he went to his lonely little bedroom was such as no rubbing of cheeks could destroy the iftVct of next morning, and it brought upon him Jane Nottage's traditional cure for pallor, a decoction which smelt of many powerful herbs, but was calculated to prove more efficacious in cases of gormandising than of ghosts. But that terror was as nothing to the terror which followed ; for day after day, week after week, did that child sprite haunt Oclavius Nottage ; as surely as the waggon reached that spot at the margia of the town on its homeward way, so surtlv did that hideuua gh^st-child climb to its place on the footboard, and sit there, ghastly and untouchable, until on nearing ihe village ib Vanished with its hellish shriek of woe. Octavius, erst so impudently satisfied with his fate, grew daily more white and miser able, more nervous and short-tempered ; his cheeks fell long and thin, his eyes gazyd wide and seared at all things ; and by and by old wives of the village shook their heads as he passed by and murmured that ' Nottage'a boy had been touched by death.' For wetks. did Oe'avius despairingly cast about in his mind for some other road by which ha could escape that dreadful spot, or some lima at which the spectre would not appear ; but there was no other rb»d to lead him to his home, and all times were the same. Ha mi^ht have told of his troable, one would argue ; but there was some fiendish spell, some strange power which sent tho trembling words choking back in his throat as he strove to utter them. For eleven months he fought against that power, and then he seemed to conquer; ha cocquered inasmuch as he forced himself to go to his companions, one by one, and bid them meet him by the chutchyard wall on a certain evening, for that he had something of importance to tell them. It so happened that they obeyed him, with curiosity raised and tempers untrammelled by respect of mood or mania. They questioned bim jovially — brutally it seemed — ol his ' matter of im portance ' ; they twitted him cheerlully on his la-ly-like complexion, and inquired of his cosmetics; and at last he toid them what he had bidden them there to hear. By that churchyard wall in tho dim light of a fading summer's evening with a voice low-pitched and tremulous with the import of his words, be told them bis 'ghastly tale. There was a minute of complete silence as tha words ceas-jd, and ihe heart of Octavius thumped iiotously inside liim wiih the fresh pangs of suff ring which ha ODdnred as his terror sounded on his ears in ppnkon syllables. Then came the voice of Sam Underdown, the villago wag, in tone Bomo what rnufflej, but perfectly solemn and sympathetic iu inflection. ' Oeky Nottagp,' he declared slowly, 'I 'ave 'eard of that there sort of thing before; 'tis commonly called the 'Jumps.'' ' Then followed a full-voiced chorus of laughter, and a general scramble from the hedge, and Outavius stood alone in the grojness, with his cheeks throbbing hot at the insult. - From I hat hcuv the trouble of Octavius Nottage was bruited about the villago with much gusto and little mercy. » In the sand-strewn bar parlor of the ' Seven Stars,' at the gossip's corner by the three cross roads, at the forge, at the bakehouso, at the post office ; in all of these spots was the tale of ' Oaky's ghost' jeered at, while great whole-lung guffaws went off at his ex pense. Even at the laundry, in whose service the poor youth fetched and carried so regularly, Sam Underdown lounged ovev. he window-sill as he passed, and told hid humorous tale. There- indeed, it was -re* . ' , ceived with an interest tempered with awe, for the maidens felt more reverence for the Unknown than did the men ; and ibey craved more details from the flippant Sam ?? '1 as they bent over their tubs and wrung the ? 1 snowy linen with their sirjng red arms. I And Sam gave them a sufficiency, elabora* --' ? 1 ted by his own lively imagination, and the ' 1 maidens shuddered and giggled, turn in, ~ I turn out, as they listened, at d exclaimed, ? 1 ' Law, now ! S.un Underdown, go along ' '1 with you, talking such stuff,' even as they . 1 yearned to delay him in their midst. But down at the end of the row of , '~ maidens in the wash-house stood one before her tub who listened to Sam Underdo wn's repetitions and inventions with straining ears, and epoke no word in return. A \\. large, slow-moving girl she was, with a wealth of shining red hair and a serious face; a girl who joined but seldom in the ordinary frivolous gossip of the laundry, and who had acquired the character of being 'a bit pious.' Admonition Elery was her name, and deep down in her heart lay a great simmering love for this youth, afc whom they all sceffed in their wicked, I careless way. I Up to that day Octavius Nottage and . I Admonition Elleiy had exchanged little 'I more than a d-zan words, for the girl's tub *\, E stood at the far end cf the wash-honsp, and n. 1 her eyes were wont to bs sealed upon her ' - j work when Octavius or aoy other village , I y uth louoged near to gossip ; for her I nature was charged with an overwhtlming . I bashfulness and a shamed consciousness of I her fiery hair. But there had been one 'I day, one showery morning nearly a year j ago, when she had broken through her j silence somewhat ; she had been standing j at the dcorway with a bucket in her hand, hesitating to run through tho heavy drops to the well ; and Octavius, chancing to pass ' '?- by at the moment, and takirg in the situa* ] tion, held out Lis hand for the bucket. ' Here, hand it over to me, I'll fetch the water,' he said, in his cheery, off-hand way. So he fetched it and brought it, and stood for a moment telling of the cow belonging to Farmer Laekey, which' had fallen over the hurdle; then he jerked a smilirjg ' Good morning' to her, and went on his way, to give many a thought' to Farmer Laskey's cow, but never one to Admonition Ellery ; while she went back to ncr tub again and tcougnt or Dim all day. That had been the birthday of her love, aud for almost a year had it grown and chafed in her heart, this mighty yonng power, this turbulent offspring of a phlegmatic nature. ' 'The brutes,' raged Admonition, in wardly, as she listened now to Sim Underdown's remancicg and the comments it provoked, ' the lyiii', ignorant brntes,' and her heart grew fiery as her hair ; but still she spoke no wordt Set habits are not lightly broken ; but sho bided her time, and she bit her lips as she wrung out her tubful of steaming cloihts and rinsed them in cold blueing water; and then Sam Underdown wont on his way, and sho grew ' calmer, and thought and thought again of Octavius and his trouble. So it happened iba*; same afternoon that soon after Octavius had reached the drpadful place at which his ghastly passenger climbed to its usual seat, and as he stood there besides it on the foot-boaTd with a wild hopelessness fillipg his hf-art, he heard a voice culling his name, aud turotd iis hfliid quickly, always expectant cf aoma nsw horror, saw a girl standing on the pathway waviug her hand to him to stop. It was Admonition JBllory iu her ho id ay clothes. 'I thought maybe you'd give me a lifb back,' she said, smiling up at him with bashful, deprecating eyes, aud ihw blnshts flaming in her cheeks, ' I'm feeliu' dretful tired somehow.' Octavius strove to bend his rigid features into an answering smile as he looked down at her. 'Course I will,' he answered slowly, his horror still stamped upon his face. ' Get up here if you don't mind a poor Beat; waggons ain't built altogether for comfort, be 'em V 'The seat's plenty good anough,' she answered, 'if you have no objection to the company — *— ' ' Ah !' he exclaimed sharply, as Bhe began to climb the shafts, and brushed tho very shoulders of the terrible child which sat there still gazing intently, with its blazing eyts, into space; then he stopped suddenly, but her yearning heart seemed to divine his pain, for when ehe reached the narrow seat beside him she said, falter ingly, but wiih a great sympathy in her voicn, ' You'm in trouble. I've heard tcli j terrible trouble — I'm— I'm mortal sorry for 'co,' * * , ' -.-'-He looked into her face suddenly and .' longingly, for his owa heart oched to give confidence and accept comfort, and his brain grew wilder and less controllable as each day passed ; and as he looked he saw great tears welling up in Admonition'** eyes. ' How came you to khow of my trouble?' 1 he asked breathlessly. ' I'm from the laundry,' she said, 'and I heard tell of it there to-day.' ' And whafi do they say of me there 1 Say I'm amazed-headed fool, I s'pose ; and what story do they tell ?'' ' They say,' faltered Admonition, ' they say as how — a3 how — you think you ? sec ? ' ♦'Think I see,'' ho interrupted, ''think' do they say, when [ see the thing before my eyes this very minute, a horrible, devil faced brat, sitting there at j'onr feet— taking all tho blood from my body day after day ; there I see it ? ' his voice rose to a cry as he pointed to the footboard, and his eyes blazed with wild fear. Then did Admonition rise from the narrow seat, and clutching the side of the waggon with one hand raised the other almost tragically to the sky. ' So do I,' she declared, « so do I ! All that you see I see too.' For some moments there was silence as the boy and girl faced each other, and flashed, each wild-eyed, each trembling -with a great earnestness. Then Octavius spoke, pointing to the fearful thicg at their feet. ? '^ ''' ? 'You see that thing there I1' he ques tioned. ' I see it,' she answered, looking at the spot to which he pointed. ' - ? ' You see it's ghastly face an' it's yellow eyes?' ' A face hideou3 as a devil, an' eyes yellow as burning j ^alousy .' \- - 'You see it's dirty rags an' it's white . bo^y?' ' Rags fit to breed a plague, an' body blood If 83 as a dead thing.' ' You see how it sits an* stares, an' now — how my foot goes through it an' never .touches it?' ' Starin' like the very congers, an' no solider than a puff of smoke.' ' ' Oh, my God ! ' he cried, pressing his ? hands, reins and all, over his eyes, ' then I b'aint; mazid ; I b'aint mazed after all.' ' You b'aint mazed no niore'n I'm mazed,' she cried, with all her shyness ?wiped out by her great love, and this her great wickedness. And then he turned to her and caught ? her hand, 'Tell it all again,' he cried, ' tell of what you see.' And Admonition, the sober, the pious, , the .bashful, leaned against the ledge of the . waggon there as the horse ambled on and -the sun went down, and lied to the lad . beside her without scruple ; and the terrible thing which was in truth invisible to her \- eyes as the mountains of the moon, sat on ? in Octavius Nuttage's sight as if it listened to her words. ' But what can I do ?'' he cried, when the torrent of h--r falsehoods which had fl -wed so unfalteringly, ceased at last. ' I can't live on like this always. I'd rather be dead than live like this.' Admonition mused awhile. ' Porbaps I can h*-lp Vre,' she remarked slowly. ' My grandmother — well 1 know my grand mother knows a whole lot of charms — she's done wonderful things sometimes — an' somehow I've fait sometimes as if — as if I could do Vni too.'' ' I'd give the world, if 'twa3 mine, to be rid of th« devilish thip^,' he raved. Admonition looked at him Btraightly. 'There's some a3 don't want all the world,' she answered quietly. Then, as his eyes questioned her meanings, her blushes came back to her. ' I'd like to get down here, please,' she added hastily, and in another moment she was walking quickly on her wav. For almost a month Octavias Nottage had no word with Admonition Ellery. Day after day he haunted the laundry, or strove to waylay her as she went to and from her home, but she always hurried past him with some shy, murmured word of greeting, and that was all. Then as she grew more distant he became more ardent. She was the one human soul in the village wbo appreciated his tragedy, and he folt that he could not live without her sympathy ; and this was what she longed for, for dearly did ?hn love this lad who ' heretofore had given her no thought. So all through those daya she held herself from him, and went gravely and slowly on her way, to all outward eyes, while his heart ' swelled within htm as the belief was farced Upon that aha had bat fooled him 5 and yet r-and. yet wjjeg h.e, t^epil?os^ &';£ fm ag it had been that afternoon on the waggon, he found it hard to, doubt her— -he longed so earnestly to believe her, and his eyes grew wilder and his face more white with the suspense, and John Nottage, and Jane, his wife, bowed their heads in grief, and sighed with the heaviness of premonition, for,, to all appearances, their boy, their only child, had truly been picked out by the hand of Death. He was dying before their eyes. Then one evening as Octavius strolled languidly along the lanes he met Admoni tion, and she stopped before him. She gave him no greeting in answer to his words, and he saw that her face was very white. ' There's a charm ' —she began, at once without more prelude, ' I've learnt it all by mvself and nobody knows Fve found it out — but you'd never do it.' Her voice sank to a tone' of hopeless conviction. Oc'avius clenched his hands. ' I swear I'll do anything,' he cried. ' There's nothing in my power as I wouldn't do to be rid of that ugly child-devil. Tell me the charm,' he commanded. Admonition shook from head to foot as she looked into hi3 face, bu!; she did not blush even now. 'An* I must tell of it,' she asked, slowly. ' Yes, yes, be quick, whatever it is.' ' This is what 'tis, then, and don't blame nit Tor it when 'tis told.' 11 Go on, go on.' Then she began with hard, even tones, ' You muat get your horse an' waggon ready on the night of the full moon, an' you must go the same way where you always see the spirit, an' — an'—' ' Go on,' urged Oatavius again. ' : Admonition caught her breath as if in pain, but she continued in the came even tones, ' An' your promised wife must be beside you— an'— ' ' My promised wife !' exclaimed Octa vius. ' ? an' — ' went on Admonition heed less of his interruption, 'yon must hold bands with her when you come to the spot where the spirit appears, an' you must say— 'Spirit, I defy thee, Spirit, I defy thee, In the name of all that's holy.' — -an' the spirit goes for ever.' Admonition ceased speaking, and clutched her throat as if the words had scorched her. Neither spoke, and Oqtavius looked at Admonition, and Admonition looked steadily' upon the ground. ' But I havan'fc got a' promised wife,' he protested slowly. Then Admonition raised nor eyes to his, and r great hot blush spread over her face and neck, till for very shams she raised her hands to hide it., and turned to lean for ward against a gate for support. 'Admonition! Admonition !'' he cried, the whole woili seeming to opan and lighten before him. Then he made a stride to her again, and pulled the shaking hands from her blflziog face in the wild ness ot his mood, ' «h»t do 'ee mean ? Oh, Admonition, will 'ee, will 'ee, for my sake V And Admonition consented. Oa the night that the moon was at Us full Octavius Nottage took his horse, and his waggon, and his promised wife, and drove towards the town. Not a word did they two utter, not a sound did they hear, for the wild throbbing ot their own hearts deafened them. Then, when they had reachfd the outlying streets of the town, Octavius Nottage turned his horse's head towards tho village again. In his heart there surged a wild hope of release from his terrible burden ; but in the heart of the girl beside him there was nothing buv a sickening terror ; she knew that she wis but juggling with the superstitions which lay so strong wilbin them' both, for the sake of her selfish love, she knew that this solemn charm was but of her own manu facture, that by this night's work she must either stand or fall ; and for the first time the full sense of her lying orept coldly over her ; she realised the sin of it all, but she could only stand there numb and passive, unable to do aught but go through with tb.it wbich she had undertaken. As they neaied the direful spot the face of Octaviu3 beoame as a model of ghastly death, and bis eyes held in them a leverish ness akin to madness ; while the great full faced moon, placid as ever, looked coldly down to witness his defeat or victory, aud Admonition still leaned against the side ot the waggon, her bands limp with a chilled faintness which had fallen upon her, realising that those daily, routine prayera of hers had been but bo much mocfcery, ftCid waiting for her fate. ' Quick, quick ) your hands !' whispered QstftYWP honnjely j but fihe. ha4 $q poweic to. stretch them to him. -The waggon had almost reached the spot, but she. made no move to. fulfil. her share of the rite. So he ^clutched, her damp, chilly, fingers, uncon scious of their HfelessnesB, and gapped, ivith a voice almost soundless by reason of the extremity' of his excitement : '' Spirit. . I defy thee, . Spirit, I defy thee Iu the name of all that's holy.' - There wa3 a shock, a crash, a . confasion ? ?f dancing lights, and the boy and cdrl were hurled from their insecure foothold, the white road leaped to meet the moonlit sky, a roar as of raging oceans filled the air, and for some moments it seemed «s if these two defiers had sailed from ihn petty waters of Life over the great bar to Eternity. ? 'Is anyone i'jured?1' asked a kindly voice* There came a faint groan from Admoni tion in answer. ' There's a girl here,' panted Octavius, as he raised himself slowly and painfully from the ground. ' Cjdqq round to this side.' So the stranger went to him, and to gether they raised Admonition from the ground, and then she lay awhile in Octavius' arms. ' Something frightened the horses ; some child or something,' Baid the stranger, ' It ran across the road suddenly and sent my animal swerving into yours. If you will hold the girl I will~go now and see what damage is done.' After a few moments Admonition opened her eyes. ' I'm all right,' she murmured unsteadily. ' I'm quite well. I can stand and walk if you'll let me go,' and she raised herself and stood trembling on her feet. ' Come here 1' shouted the stranger, and Octavius went to him. 'AH !' he cried aloud as he bent over the man, and saw what lay in his arm3. 'Can you hold it? Can you touch it? Oh, my GjdP There in the white dust lay the semblance of the spirit which he had defied, the child which had been such a hideous burden in his life, who had changed him from a^ruddy, sturdy boy to a picture of living death, who had haunted him night and day, in sight and out of sight, who had drained the- courage from his heart, and bade fair to steal the reason from his brain ; there it lay with its head on the siranger'sf arm, its grimy rags dis placed, its bloodless limbs limp and lifeless, its hideous features distorted, its yellow eyas half-closed — dead. 'Hold it?' cried' the stranger, looking up in wondtr, 'there is no difficulty in holding the poor little fallow now he is dead. It was quite an accident, I musfc aay ; the child 8eemed to spring from no where, and my horse was upon it iq an in stant.' '???'?'? .*- ?????'; Octaviua made no answer; he stood stunned by the force of circumstances, while Admonition crept slowly to the spot, and stood beside him. Octavius stretehed his hand towards her, anu1 she held it fast in hers; and still he gazed down upon the stranger's burden and marvelled, for if he might believe his eyes, th- spirit-ohild was but a creature of flesh and bb d, and moreover, it wa9 killed. But Admonition did not give so much as a single glance to th« dead child at her feet, her ey«8 were fixed with feverish intensity upon the stranger who held it. ' Well,' said the Htranjrer, looking up at them with some appearance of surprise at their strange silence, ' there is nothing more to bo done fjr the poor littlo fellow now. My cart is rather damaged but I think it will hold together until I reach the town, and I think it will be better for me to take the child's body with me r.nd ex plain matters when I get there There is but stqall harm done to your waggon Just tell me your name that I may be able to communicate with you,' And Octavius told his name as in a dream, and so they stood, he and Admoni tion, and watched with wide, hunted evps: as ,'hV stranger laid the little corpse ia -' cart, examining the damage done tu- ,. A8 vehicle, bade them .' Good-nig|irr , aJ then drove swiftly frond theaa „,' tt° moonlit road. ' ' . ' / b The^Gpod-night^rcVed in their ears unanswered, and still ,hese tH0 Iovers stood thexa watching, Afc Jaak 0(jtavius turned to Admonition, and there was an awfn.look stepped upon his face. 'What does it all mean?' ha asked hoarsely. ''Tia tb.Q devil carrying off his own,' she, answered solemnly. Then the horror of it all came rushing over her, eho turned and clung to Octavius, QDd there oame such 0 storm of tears 09 hpr cftlin; eyes. .^ WW kmm tafwty f'Lafcu8 go home,' she sobbed, 'let 09 go home.' - So he kissed her and comforted her, and .'.,- the doing of it steadied his own reason aa nothing else could have done. And with the moon still fl )o-iing the world and shining on their white aud horrified faces, they .journeyed hotne. From that tima no sight nor sousid of i'~ the stranger, nor of the, spirit-ohild, ever - -- reached Octavius or Admonition. . The marriage took place a few weeks ? later ; and siuce hearing the story of their wooing, the imprudence of the alliance-' appears less inexcusable. 