SOME SERIOUS DIFFER- ENCES. WE have before pointed - oat that the existence of the " slump " in London in Westralian shares is attributable to a vast number of distinct causes, each operating inter-dependently. The Venezuelan trouble, the American Presidential election, the Armenian complication, the Transvaal crisis, and the rich discoveries of gold in British Guiana, Columbia, and New Zealand, hare all had their share in diverting the current of capital from onr shores. Then to this we must add the chaotic condition of our mining laws, which the Government have so far most obstinately declined to amend, and we think that then a sufficiency of reason will have been adduced for the universal depreciation which has taken place in West Australian gold mining stocks. In fact the only wonder, is that the existing paralysis of the mineral industry is not complete instead of partial, and that pnrchasing and the expenditure of capital should not have wholly ceased, testifies in a marked degree the confidence which is still justly reposed by financiers in .our mineral wealth. At the same time we must honestly confess that—to put it mildly^Jolm Bull has been extremely unfortunate in some of his ventures, and he owes his misfortunes mainly to some of those persons whom we censured a few days back. Failures there have been, and failures there will be, as is always the case in gold mining, but we may be thankful that tiie proportion of "duffers" actually floated on tie London market is so small. What few these are. towever, the "bears" of die London market and the Press which ^ they can influence, are availing themselves very Idly of, in order to still further depress tiie market As our readers will hare gatiurcd from our cables, the financial our London correspondent, aud the extracts which we from time to time publish, toe leading financial ^ ... .... iomnals express unabated confidence in | the future of Western Australia, aua i take o-ivat name 1<> 4 m from thp r<t ^ f ^Zbll T h ^ L exists no real grounds for the paiJic which seems io pervade the market. It is left for the smaller fry of capitalistic -journalism to decry these fields, aud lo issue long and "pessimistic diatribes describing the certain disaster which is to overtake those who touch Westralian stofks. The hue and cry is so loud aud so persistent as in itself io suggest aa ulterior motive, but by selecting uue or two out of hundreds of mines, and contrasting the opinions of one expert with those of another, some of these pa:ers have sue:ceded in imparting a circumstantiality to their narratives of woe which cannot fail to have a most depressing effect upon the average British mind, enveloped as it is in dense mists of ignorauce concerning most aii-irs Australian. It would be useless attempting to traverse the snapping criticism of the ink-slinging curs who yelp at the heels of enterprise, and who live upon the sops thrown from the rich man's table or are extorted from him by blackmail, but when we sec a presumably respectable paper like the "Journal of Finance" making detailed statements concerning certain mines, it is for us to enquire as to how far the allegations are true, the more so because certain of the persons mentioned in so uncomplimentary a manner are dwelling amongst us, and may be able to offer some explanation which shall rebat the wholesale and severe condemnation to which properties, which are bound up with their pro fessional reputation, have been subjected. The "Journal of Finance" is just now publishing a series of articles entitled " Some Westralian Failures. 1 ' With extraordinary forbearance they refrain from resurrecting the ghost of the Londonderry, the Lake Austin, the Wealth of Nations, or any of these, and commence with an article on the True Blue mine at Kalgoorlie, and of it say :— We lake for the liist of our series the True Blut(Hannan's) Gold Mining Company, whose £1 shares at one time stood at £3 8s 4d, and now stand at 7s 6d—a fall of £3 0s lOd. The company was formed in June, 1895, and the amount paid for the property was £95,000. In the prospectus which tbej issued the directors gave several particulars concerning the property, which it is apnropriatethat we should quote, as it will forcibly show how little importance should be attached to the reports of do-called mining experts, iw. Mr W. W. Appleton, M.A.I.M.E., reporting on the property, said that "this mine ought to be. if properly handled, one of the btst dividend-paying claims on the field. I consider it one of the best investments I have seen in the neighborhood, and can safely recommend it." Another M.A.I.M.E., Mr Frank H. Backhouse, reported fliat there was all probability of continuing to depth ;" but, perhaps, in light of recent events, the most astounding assurance was displayed by Mr Henry E. Hurst whose report, despite the fact that he was one of the vendors, was printed in the prospectus. He wrote : " I have thejgreatest confidence in stating that, on account of the enormous body of rich stone in sight —which, in my opinion, is unequalled by any mice in the colony, the supply of crushing material being practically unlimited—I consider the "Tine Blue" property to be one of the most valuable in West Australia " No less a personage than Mr Alexander Forrest, the Mayor of Perth, was also interested in the'sale of this property, and his view WBS also incorporated in the prospectus to the effect that he believed it to be " one of the best properties in West Australia," adding " out of every bit of stone we could dolly gold." Lastly. Dr. Chewings, who was the expert selected by the Bank of Australasia to report upon the properly, declared his opinion that, "the mine is good" and will prove a " prosperous and payable mine." After this recapitulation of ancient history, the " Journal" proceeds to draw a contrast which even as we have abridged it, is far from pleasant reading. The article proceeds :— The; consulting engineers, Messrs, Bain bridge, Seymour & Co., have reported upon the property. After going into tiie details of the development they conclude by saying that " the'mine, as it stands at the moment, has certainly not got anything payable in sight, and in a comparatively short time the whole of the property will have been cross-cut from east to west, clearly demonstrating what veins exist" They mention No 1 vein in the " True Blue," the reef in the "Little Jabilte" shaft, and the lode in the "Jubilee" main 6haft west cross- cut as the only veins which offer any inducement to prospect. But even these "areeo irregular that it is difficult to arrange a6y systematic scheme for prospecting them." What have Mr. Appleton, Mr Backhouse, Mr Hurst, Mr Forrest Dr Chewings and the other M.A I.M.E/e to say to this ? What becomes of all their cocksuieness?—for that is the word which bat expresses the tenor of their reports. Yet the directors said that they taken the "greatest care to satisfy themselves that these reports" were made by "competent and reliable persons." One more point. Much was made in the prospectus of the fact that the True Blue waa bounded on the east by the Brown Hill Company's mine, "the reefs in which run parallel vpth those of True Blue property." "The latest reports from the Brown Hill mine are of a highly gratifying natnre," added the dirtctois. As in many ether cases, the True Blue was totally unaffected by the fact that it lay east of the Brown HilL " The developments at Haunan's Brownhijl," report e Messrs. Bainbridge, Seymour St. Co., f have practica<ly demons'rated the feet that no prospect exists of their loie passing into your property, at any rate, not at any reasonable depth." As far as Coolgardie is concerned, we have no more reason to believe Messrs Bainbridge, Seymour and Co, than the local experts whose names are mentioned. Bather the contrary, for engineers who can satisfy practical mining men of their capabilities as Messrs Chewing, and Backhouse- have done for the past three years, should be good enough authorities for London. But the fact remains that (according to the paper we have quoted from) the directors, after expending £9,000, have resolved to spend no more. Nevertheless, although the article must have been written over seven weeks ago, the True Blue is still being worked, and only a few days since struck a most copious supply of water, which circumstances indicate the existence of a discrepancy somewhere. The position is rendered more complicated, if possible, by a report from Mr Daniel Eowe, an eminent mining expert, late of the Ferreira Gold Mining .Company, who has, within the last few weeks, visited the Trae Bine mine, which he concludes with the following observations:— 1\. That the poation of the Trne Blue ar d JuVlee ka^es. being s > near the Hanlia j's Brown Hill, is a good < ue : that the fctiiti hii:i tiie re is underlie or dip from the Hainan's B^owu Hid into the 1'iue , Blue ., leases , . : (:'.) \- • , thus ifatvc are at 3:ttC , ie -S2E, although ih u an-1 iiregu sr. and at i prtsem not pavahie : (i) that the d^pest prtj rospfcted beirg only luufc no ore is jus;i;ied in spying tbst tiie reefs will not increase in t-ize. tud goid in depth : (5) that tie improvement in the country rock in crcsi ut from sfcal:. E is a v<j;y eLcou;a.eiug one. and uiiglit reveal a payable re f at any time : (6) thai on the wa er line bein reacheo. and with more settled eouiv.ry. aa i impioveEEent aiay be looked ft"r :"aa"d he | e mclu :es by saying that. - eji.tkL-uug the l >bovefjcts, I am ci opinion tbar the "reefs ! in the iease wiil prove payable onadjitionai j uSwd"" 6 EUd S,C£Ur depi * b t ,, • ' ... . . , , . | ? possible that the whole article is ; ritten for " hearingpurpose.-, but , the detailed and categorical nature of | the charges made should elicit some . : contradiction or explanation from those concerned. Another property falls under the notice of the *• Journal " in a subsequent issue, and forms the theme of the second of the aeries of condemnations This, slightly abridged, reads :— J | | | j ^ Givat Fingal! Keefs was rejibiertil on j the lSih January, 18U5, to adopt :.a,i cirry into effect a* agreement made 16th January. 1895, betwee-i the Lord n | and Western Austialian Exploration 1 Company, Limited, of the one part, j a*d G. Hslbrook, on behalf of the com- j pany, on the othe<\- parr, to admire a property of about 264 a^res known a? Great Fingall lieefe, situate at Ejuoina in the j Kuriialpi division of the Coolgardie distiijt j of West Aus'ralia, about 150 miles north- east of the of C .oieav.lie. The capital o£ the company wa* fixed ai £175.000 in shares of £t eac. The highest p ice touched by the shares wa» J22 17s Gd, and the prfT-ent price is Ss UJ, thus showing & fall of £2 7s 9d per share. The extent of the property at ! the time of the company's formation was | about 201 acres : bur it* hns since sold *.»6 acre3 to the Fingall »eefs ExteuJed. and 96 acres to the North Fingall lieefe, and now holds only 72 acies. Let us glance briefly over what wa? taid about the property at the timeof theproiu at ion of the company, and which indu-.td a large number of the public to buy its share* at the inflated lev(=l at which th<y stocd upon the market. These are some extracts from the experts repor.s ; " Outcrops of auriferous quartz can be traced with a N.W. and S.E. strike from one end of the properly to ibe other, and also beyond for long distances." It was reported as having " six reefs ruDnins through it for about thiee milts in length." and these were said to be "of great value!" from all these reefs " rich samoks were obtained, averaging Soz and lOoz of gold ;>er ton." One of the reefs upon which Mi- Robert Gibson reported was said <o show " a width of 5ft of solid quartz," and its valve was estimated at Uoz gold per tou. When the results of s he developmen t of the property a year later began to come to liand a very different tale was told, Keefr. which at- one time had averaged above 3Aft wide fell away to a foot as they were opened up and proved to be absolutely poor in gold. The last report from the manager of tbc miue was on 6th June last, and showed no si of anything better occurring. Then Messrs Be wick. Mtreing. & Co., the well-known engineers, repoited on the property with disastrous results. The assa s of the ore were from No. 1 shaft, 32dwts per ton : No. 2, 22dwts per ton : No. 3 : Tdwis per ton ; Ao. 4, 5d\vts per ton : No. 5, 4.dwts per ton; No. 6, 2oz pir ten ; No. 7, id a t per ton ; and No, 8, 14dwts per ton. These were the valuable rerfs which, when the public were being asked to take up shares, were reported to assay at no leas than lOoz per ton. After eighteen months* development this is the result which is now reported lo tse shareholders. The compar.y expects to issue a furtbar report shortly from the mating, r of the property, regardingfurtherdevelopment. We understand that Mr. Moreing and Mr. Allan Stoncham have been examining into the merits of various properties with the object of utilising the cash balance of the company in working a fresh property. Whether the shareholders will care to trust the remaining funds at their disposal in another venture in Westralian mining remains to be seen; but in any case they should demand a thorough aud independent inquiry into the whole history of this property and how it came to be purchased. It liss. however, been sufficiently demonstrated ihat the property proved valueless at depth and when thoroughly deve'oped, and this has been the gist of our whole contention regarding Westralian mines. Since the above was written, the company has received the expected report from their manager. He states that the reef in the bottom of the witze (which is being sunk on the north drive of reef f'A") is little short of 2ft. in width, and he estimates that it would yield 2oz. of gold to the ton. Although th i 's r is considerably lower than the original estimate of the experts, there is nothing to prove that this reef will not become similarly paor in gold as depth is attained. " Similarly " we may be permitted to add, there is nothing to prove that the reef will not become richer as depth is attained, while we confess that we cannot see any reason why a mine capable of yielding from 22dwts to 2oz per ton should be dabbed a "disastrous failure." If this were the worst that could be said regarding Westralian mines we should feel tolerably safe. None the less we should like to understand why in the case of the True Blue there is such a discrepancy between the reports of the first experts and that of Messrs Bainbridge, Seymour and Co., and subsequently that of Mr. Rowe. Some explanation is due, not alone to the shareholders, but to the field itself, as the agencies which are causing such widespread and general a depression in Western Australia should not be permitted to operate unchecked and uncontradicted. We need offer no excuse for the re-publication of the extracts given above : for we may be assured that had we not dealt with them the Eastern Press would have done so for us, and would have placed an interpretation upon them which would do moie damage than the alle? gations themselves, bad as they are. One remarkable feature about the articles in the " Journal of Finance " is worthy of note, which is that the first mine singled out for condemnation belongs to much-boomed Kalgoorlie, and the other is situated considerably over 100 miles from Coolgardie proper" Onr turn will soon come, we may rest assured, aDd when it does we must be prepared to face the statements made and refuic them if possible. It is a melancholy coincidence that Mr Bobert Gibson, . - who thought O— so — much " — of i Ejudina, exprfssedcqualconfidenceinthe Londonderry: he was it would seem | much ^rerthamark in regard ^ the : lormer than the latter. There i3 but 1 one way to deal with snch stories as j those 2 of the " Journal of Finance " which r, is 4- to grapple _ with them boldly, , and if they be untrue completely disprove thejii. And we trust for the honor of the fields jbhat steps to accomplish that end will be fortwith undertaken, as silence on snch a subject will be simply damnatory. 