| A RACE FOR LIFE. FIRST PRIZE STORY IN "WEEKLY TIMES." By MARY ANNE SILVER, Darllmurlii. It was Christmas Eve. Three onu- nren, two girls and a boy, were sitting In tho verandah of a pretty, rose-em bowered house, nnd watehlne the bril liant sunset. The sun had just set M hind the tft.ll Bum-trees. tno ... shy was a blase of pale yellow This lint Rtadually cave place to a br «ht red, thai cast a rosy clow on .a" tn, tun- ".undine Objects. The vivid colors B.ew fainter and .» nter, till they eha need to a purpllsh eolor, and In a few minutes all that remained of the brlcht coloring was n. few dark clouds that floated slowly over the pale blue sky. Seymour nnd Jack Candos were plan ning ft flnblnj? excursion that was to tnkc pfneo on Boxing Day, while their slsler Daisy, n bright little girl of ssvon summers, was oarerslng a little pot wallaby, that put lU? cold nose Into her Tittle palm to receive Its customary lump of sugar. "Tea is ready for you, children," said Mrs Candos, coming to the open door way. "And we're ready for it," said Sey mour, as they ro.o and followed their mother into n cosy room, where an in viting meal wns spread. After ten. Mr Candos drew up his easy chair lo the lire, nnd became engrossed in the pages of "The Weekly Times," while Mrs Candos sat smiling at the merry chat of the children. "Daisy," said Jack, suddenly, "Santa Claus Ih coming to-night, no don't forgot to hang up your stocking." Daisy looked at him in a puzzled way, and said: "Ellen Mackay told me yesterday that there was no Santa Claus, and that 1 was a little goose tn believe it, find 1 don't lwlleve there Is, either," she added, defiantly, as she saw a smile break out on her brothers' faces. Tho boys instantly became quite grave, nnd appeared to be Inexpressibly shocked at Daisy proving to be such a little Infidel. "Oh, Daisy, don't say that!" ex claimed Seymour, while Jack added, "Of course, there's a Santa Claus. I have never seen him myself, but then I know lots of people that have." Then the boys commenced an argu ment on this subject that completely overwhelmed Daisy's unbelief,' nnd caused her wavering faith to bo securely seated on Its throne again. "Come, pet," said her mother; "don't worry your small brnln any more. It is time you were In bed." nnd, taking her little girl In her nrms, Mrs Candos car ried her off to bed. Soon Daisy's curly head was resting on her pillow, while, at her mother's com mand, she murmured sleepily, "Now I lay me down to sleep." A few minutes more, nnd she wns In the land of slumber, dreaming of Santa Claus. Christmas Day dawned Joyous 'and, clear— not the cold, snowy Christmas of Old England, but a hot, roasting, Aus tralian Chrlstmns. There was a children's party at Rlver- t side that day, and the happiest amongst them wns our little friend, Daisy, who was running about hither and thither, attired In aToose white frock, with a blue cash round her waist. After dinner, with Its usual accompa niments of roost turkey, plum pudding, And other Christmas 'dainties, the chil dren nil flocked out to the smooth lawn, nnd played such happy, tnerry games, till the sinking sun and their own appe tites warned them It was tea-time. , This meal wns duly served, and the children attacked the good thing plnced before them in a wny that showed tltat playing games was very gnod for tho appetite. Then they all re tired to tho drawlngroom, while Mrs Candos played nnd sang some popular glees. At her request, they then sang together a fine old Chrlstmns anthem, and their childish volcfcs made sweetest melody ring through the room. The words— "All glory be to God on high. And to the earth be pence," sounded softly on the night air. The children then said good night to their kind entertainers, and dispersed to their homes, thoroughly satisfied with hav ing spent a merry Christmas. II. Next morning Seymour might be seen saddling up two little ponies, while Jack stoodat the kitchen door, using all his persuasive powers to make the cook give them a liberal lunch. Then, securing their fishing tackle, they bounded Into the saddle, and cantered merrily ofT In the direction of Mugulre's Creek, which woh fumed for Us largo fish, and which wns some miles away. They passed selectors' farms, where the clearing of the land had commenced, and where blackened trees uplifted their leafless limbs, and seemed like so many \- ghosts of the past, looking mournfully down at the slow, but sure, dying of tho forest. Gradually the hoys pussed Into the typical Australian hush, great trees upreured their lofty forms, till their branches seemed to touch the blue sky, the. ground was covered with a coarse native grass, on which numbers of'wul' tables fed. " Rush creepers flung their mass of foliage and bell-shaped blossoms froiu treo to tree. ' Perhaps It was Into th ( ed their secrets before this practical civilising age came to drive romantic suiKH-stltlon nlong with the fairies and blnckfellows away front the wooded hills ami smiling plains of Australia. In a few hours the hoys reached their .destination, they let the quiet pottles graze contentedly along tiiu hank of the stream, white they applied all their ..energies to fishing. Rut, somehow, they did not meet with their usual success; their excuse was that the fish would not bite. Three o'ctack passed, and found them the proud possessors of two sprats. . Jack wiped his perspiring face, and aid, "This Is us exciting as chasing half-boiled pcus round a plate with a two-pronged fork," and then, looking at a black cinder that had just alighted on his coat, lie exclaimed, "There must be a lire somewhere." "Look," said his brother. In alarm, pointing over to tho west where denso black columns of smoke were rlBing In the uir. Yes, truly. Tho bush was on fire. The preceding drought hud leftthe long grass and undergrowth In a highly Inllain- mablc stutc, and when once a fire got started In the bush It would not utop till It died for want of sustenance. Already on'thelr cam burst tho crackl- . Ing of the names, and on the air was borne the odor of burning eucalyptus leaven. The fire was but half a mile irivay, and was coming In their direction With Incredible rapidity. The boys realised their danger, and, \- with one accord leaped Into the saddle and galloped madly towards home. Faster and faster came the fire, with a subdued roar, like that of thunder. Wallabies and other animals rushed ; wildly across their path, while birds Circled high up In the smoky air, utter ing piteous, heartrending cries over tho 1 destruction of their homes and young Though the horses were going nt the top of their speed, the fire was surely gaining on them. Vivid sheets of flame could be seen shooting out In the long dry gross, consume It, and then leave it for fresh fuel, The tall gum trees were enveloped with flames, and cast off showers of sparks and lighted pieces of bark. Tho boys hart half a mile to go before they could reach a place of safety, and the fire was but a few chains behind them. The pace was beginning to toll on the ponies, but they responded bravely to the call of their young masters. Tho heat became intolerable, and the air was suffocating, but on, on they went, with roar of the flames, the cries of anlmuls, anil the crash of falling timbers sounding in their cars. The trees seemed to dance past thorn In an uncertain way. The ponies wore sway ing to and fro, but still they struggled Then, oh joy, there appenrod on their sight the little creek that separated the wild bush from a part that had been swept once or twice before by Just such a nre, nnd nothing grew on it, save some stunted undergrowth. One or two more bounds and they were on the other side of tho creek. The boys quickly dismounted and plunged tliolr heated heads Into the cool waters. Then they laved the panting sides of their foam-covered ponies, and mounted again. When they had ridden to a safer dis tance they rested the tired ponies, while they turned and viewed with awe the work of tho destroying element. "That was a close shave," said Sey- "Yes. Tt's a blessing we had our horses with us, for we would never come out of that bush alive," answered Jack. - Then they slowly rode home, to pour their tale into the sympathising ears of their parents and Daisy. Mr Candos caused his men to bo sent to the assistance of hiH neighbors, an his place was in no danger, for the wind had changed, and there was hardly any bush to carry the fire In his direction.' Jack, Seymour, and Daisy are grown up people now, but every Christmas brings to tjiolr memory tlio time when two of thom had a race for life with a bush fire. 