WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOCNGER. by miss beaddon. CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) Angela sat watching him, with her gaze root ed to that dark countenance and bare head, on which the iron-grey hair waved thick and strong, for Fareham had never consented to envelop his neck and shoulders In a mantle of dead men s tresses, anu wwe ma una the fashion of Charles the First's time. So In tent was her watch that the objects on either shore passed her like shadows in a dream. The Primate's palace on her right hand, as the boat swept round that great bend where the river makes opposite Lambeth Alarsh; on her left, as they neared London, the stern grandeur of the Abbey and St. Margaret's. It was only as they approached Whitehall that she became aware of a light upon the water which was not the reflection of daybreak, and, looking suddenly up, she saw the fierce glare of a conflagration Ir. the eastern sky, and cried — "There is a fire, my lord — a great fire, I doubt, in the city." The long roof and massive tower of St. Paul a stood dark against the vivid splendor of that sky, and every timber in the scaffolding showed like a black lattice across the crimson and sul phur of raging flames. Fareham looked round, without moving his sculls fi'om the rowlocks. "A great fire in verity, mistress. Would God it meant the fulfilment of prophecy!" "What prophecy, sir?" "The end of the world, with which we are threatened in this year. God, how the flames rage and mount! Would it were the great fire, and He had come to judge us, and to empty tho vials of his wrath upon profligates and sedu- "ile looked at the face opposite, radiant with re flected rose and gold, supernatural in that strange light, and, oh, so calm in every line and feature, the large dark eyes meeting his with a gaze that seemed to him half indignant, half reproachful. "Oh, what hypocrites these women are! he told himself. "And all alike— all alike. What comedians! For acting one need not go to the duke's or tho king. One may see it at one s own board, by one's own hearth. Acting, nothing but acting! And I thought that in the universal mass of falsehood and folly there were some fro stars, dwelling apart, here and there, and; that she was one of them. An idle dream! Nature has made them all lu one mould, and it Is but by meaus aud opportunity that they differ." Higher and higher rose that vast sheet of. vivid color; and now every lower and steeple was bathed in rosy light, or else stood black against the radiant sky— towers Illuminated, towers in densest shadow; the slim spars of ships showing as if drawn with pen and ink on a sulphur back ground— n scene of surpassing splendor and ter ror. Fareham had seen Flemish villages blazing, Flemish citadels exploding, their fragments hurl ed skyward in a blue flame of gunpowder; but never this vast arch of crimson, glowing and growing before his astonished gaze, as he paddled the boat inshore, and stood up to watch the great disaster. "God has remembered our modern Sodom," he said, savagely. "He bus punished us with pesti lence, and we took 110 heed. And now He tries us with fire. But if it come not yonder," pointing to Whitehall, which was immediately above them, for their boat lay close to the king's landing- stage — "if. like the contagion. It stays in the east and only the citizens suffer, why, vive la bagatelle! We — and our concubines — have no part In the punishment. We, who call down the fire, do not suffer it." Spellbound by that strange spectacle, Fareham stood aud gazed, and Angela was afraid to urge him to take the boat on to Fareham House, anx ious as she was to span those few hundred yards of distance, to be assured of her sister's safety.. They waited thus nearly an hoiir, the sky ever increasing in brilliancy, and the sounds of voices and tramp of hurrying feet growing with every minute. Whitehall was now all alive — men and women, in a careless undress at every window, some of them hanging half out of the window to talk to people In the court below. Shrieks of terror or of wonder, ejaculations and oaths sound ing on every side; while Fareham, who had moor ed tho boat to an iron ring in the wall by his Majesty's stairs, stood gloomy and motionless, and made no further comment, only watched the conflagration in dismal silence, fascinated by that prodigious ruin. It was but the beginning of that stupendous destruction, yet it was already great- enough to seem like the end of all things. "And last night in the court theatre, Killi- grew's puppets had been making a jest of a pesti lence that filled the grave-pits by thousands," Fareham muttered, as if awaking from a dream. "Well, the wits will have a new subject for their mirth — London in flames." He untied the rope, took his seat, and rowed out into the stream. Within that hour in which they had waited the Thames had covered itself . with trafllc; boats were moving westward, loaded with frightened souls in casual attire, and with heaps of humble goods and chattels. Some whose houses were nearest the river had been quick enough to save a portion of their poor pos sessions, aud to get them packed on barges; but these were the wiso minority. The greater num ber of tho sufferers were stupefied by the sud denness of the calamity, the rapidity with which destruction rushed upon them, the flames leap- . mg from house to house, spanning chasms of emptiness, darting hither and thither like lizards or winged scorpions, or breaking out mysterious ly in fresh places, so that ulready the cry of arson had arisen, and the ever-growing lire was set down to fiendish creatures laboring secretly in a work of universal destruction. Most of the sufferers looked on at the ruin of their homes paralysed by horror, unable to help themselves or to mitigate their losses by euerge- tlc action of any kind. Dumb und helpless as sheep, they saw their homos destroyed, their children's lives imperilled, and could only thank Providence, and those few brave men who helped them in thoir helplessness, for escape from a fiery death. Panic and ruin prevailed within a mile eastward of Fareham House, when the boat ground against the edge of the marble landing- stage, and Angela alighted and ran quickly up tho stairs, and made her way straight to the house. The door stood wide open, and candles were burning in the vestibule. The servants were at the eastern end of the terrace watching the fire; too much ougrossed to see their master and his companion laud at the western steps. At the foot of the great staircase Angela heard heiself called by a crystalline voice, and, looking up, saw Heuriette hanging over the bannister rail. "Auntie, where have you been?" "Is your mother with you?" Angela asked. "Mother is locked in her bed-chamber, and mighty sullen. She told me to go to bed. As if anybody could lie quietly in bed with London burning!" added Papiiion, her tone implying that a great city in flames was a kind of enter tainment that could uot be too highly appre ciated. She came flying downstairs in her pretty silken dishabille, with her hair streaming, and flung her arms round her aunt's neck. "Ma ehatte, where have you been?" "On tho terrace." "Ft done, menteuso! I saw you amLray father land at the west stairs, five minutes ago." "We had been looking at the lire." "And you never offered to take me with you. What a greedy pig!" "Indeed, dearest, it is no scene for little girls to look upon." "And when I am grown up what shall I have to talk about if 1 miss all the great sights?" "Come, to your room, love. You will see only too much from your windows. I am going to your mother." "Ce n'est pas la peine. She is in one of her tempers, and has locked herself in." "No matter. She will see me." "I doubt it. She came home in a coach and four nearly two hours ago. with Monsieur de Malfort; and I think they must have quarrelled. They hade each other good-night so strangely; but he was more huffed than mother." "Where were you that you know so much?" "Iu the gallery. Did 1 not tell you I shouldn't ho able to sleep? I went into tho gallery for coolness, and then I heard tile coach in the courtyard, and the doors opened, aud I lis tened." "Inquisitive child!" "No, I was not inquisitive. I was only vastly hipped for want of knowing what to do with myself. And I ran to bid her ladyship good morning, for it was close upon 1 o'clock, but sho frowned at me, aud pushed me aBlde with a 'Go to your bed, troublesome Imp. What business havo you up at this hour?' 'As much business as you have riding about in your coach,' I had a mind to say, inals je me tenais coy; and made her ladyship la belle .lemilng's curtsey instead. She curtseys lower and rises straighter than any of the other ladies. I watched her on mother's visiting day. Lord, auntie, how whito you are! One might take you for a ghost!" Angela put the little prattler aside, more gently, perhaps, than tho mother had done, and passed hurriedly on to Lady Fareham's room. The door was still locked, hut sho would take no denial. "I must Bpeak with you," she said. (To he continued.) 