[?] ) Blackbird-' \- Mr. W. Leyiiton'fl clever bitch puppy, QTuvar, added to her wiubing scort at toe St. Arnaud £Uhbs sfcqonA meeting on 10th inst., dividing toe All-aged 3 take with GorsJ. This is. toe second tune Quiver has got to toe . end of a stake within a month, which most prove what a-good " bit of stuff" she is, being got by Master Willie (sire .of Joue Bpse, The Spy, Arbitrator, Lady Sibyl, Ghime II etc.) from Ooaghdrop. , Good Hope (Justice — Hope On), win ner of toe last S.A. Waterloo Gup, has ben on a visit to Shillelagh (Fangh-a- btiUagh — Miss Ourran). . Gairnbrook Gup, run on 11th inst., was won by Mr. J. Wrigcleworth'e w))kd Tbe Arrow, by Swift— Fly, Mr A Fryer'e bkw d Wallace, by Jupiter — Juno, being the runner-up. There were 12 com petitors. Mr. J. F. Guthrie has bad a grey hound stolen from him at Newtown which be values at £20, The victory of Water-hen in dividing the Echuca Club's Challenge Stakes with Miss Cresba, after running up to Darebin Rose for the Ben&lla; Oaks a fortnight previously, has certainly added -con siderably to the defunct Blackbird's claim to rank as one of the canine celebrities of Australia. Wotor-heu was whelped in September, 1894, and is tbe first of the Blackbird — The Witch litter, all the members of which, by the way, ebow great promise to get to tbe winner's end. Lindsay Gordon, a fall brother to Black bird, is still at the South Preston kennels. The win by Shock of the Oollingwood Club's president's enp last week was a very popular one, as tbe dog is the property of Mr. W. Stanley, a well- known sport. The winning of tbe trophy again brings old Faugh-a-baliagh'e name before the public. Shock's eire, Shaugh- r&un; or Shillelagh— it has never been proved which is the right one— being a descendant of Mr. Jim Swan's old favor- ite. Shock was trained by Dye Little, <of North Melbourne. On Wednesday last some of the officials of the Sydney Coursing Club visited Kensington (N.S.W.) racecourse to inspect the grounds and to ascertain if it would be suitable for coursing purposes. Messrs. J. Weir, J. Manning (secretary of tbe New South Wales Coursing Association) were of tbe number, and they were per fectly satisfied that the coursing would be a EDccess at Kensington. The opening meeting will probably be beld next month. Mr. J. Cresswell, direotor of the Adelaide Plumpton Club, has arrived to assist at the Benalla club's Champion meeting. Mr. C. will, no doubt, pick up many useful hints from Messrs. Macaulay and Co., which should do tbe newly formed plumpton in the southern colony a power of good. \- Next fixture of the Numurkah District club' is 1st July. Thred stakes have been, arranged, two limited, and one unlimited. Nominations close at 8 p.m. on 80th inst. Mr. W. Burke advertises that tbe services of Bentley are now available to the public. This dog is a fall brother to the famous bitch. Bloomer, Gladness, etc., being by the Waterloo Cap winuer, Livingstone, from Bliss, who was also a speedy bitch in her day, Bentley is a black dog, weighing 701b. The well- known South Australian bitch, Venus, dam of Lurlino and Cass andra, is over on a visit to Lindsay Gordon. The list of the sou of Kildabl and Sonnet is nearly full, so Mr. Fat. Kelly informs me, and will probably be closed within tbe next fortnight. Yielding lo the pressure of several enthusiastic owners of Irish Terriers, the North Melbonrne Fox Terrier Cours ing Club has arranged to run another stake for that breed of canines on 24tb JuneatAecot. On the same day a stake for Fox Terriere ie dowo for decision. Entries close next Monday at 8 p.m. It was Mr. P. F. Kelly that drew the stewards attention to tbe dog running against The Drone in the Riverioa Stakes at Echuca lart week, represented to be Royal Stone. After tbe oourse, which Tbe Drone won, the stewards met and disqualified for life, J. J. Johnston and tbe dog, Piuo. Johnson has 6ince lodged notice of appeal, which will be referred to the Natioual Coursing Club. Young Heyfield was so hard run prior to hie course with Water-heu iu the Echuca Challenge Stakes that he pulled up exhausted, after going a couple of hundred yards in his course with Mr. Pearson's bitch. This son of Heyfield — Hennie is tbe makings of & first-class dog, and should tbe hard running last week not effect him in future, he will be a daugerous competitor in any event. It was a pity his owner did net see fit to divide with Mr. A. B. Pearson's couple, Water-hen and Miss Cresba. when reqneeted to do so. Mr. A B. PearsoD, good sportsman as he is, desired the divide, being fearful that his puppies, particularly Water-hen, who is a great favorite of the squire of Kilmany Park, might be injured by tbe hard ground. Ic was Goieiy to ims cause tnat tbe Jjenatla Oaks winner (Darebin Rose), Skirmisher, Bewitched, The Ghost, Qoicklighs, and Nightingale were withdrawn. Some little dissatisfaction was caused over tbe arrangement of too card at Echne Iftfifc week, owing to the unequal number of courses apportioned to eaoh day. On the first day the card was run through only twice, leaving four courses of the Challenge Puppy Stakes to be de cided next day, and had there not been a division between Miss Cresba and Water- hen the chances are that those two promising puppies would never have been able to survive tbe ordeal, so hard was the nature of the going. In connection with the contretemps at tbe Collingwood club's meeting on Thursday last, Mr. Harry Byrne, the judge, explains that Shin Fane, imme diately on leaving slips, crossed over and reached the hare first, but only by favour. The course was a long; gruelling one, endiog in an easy win for Hotbatn Maid. Mr. Byrne, unfortunately, had the white in his eye, and palled out the handker chief for Shin Fane. The mistake was explained to Mr. Brown, owner of Shin Fane, who, like a true sportsman, at once withdrew his dog, leaving Hothem Maid on the card as the winner. Mr. P. F. Kelly bred both Water-hen, her eire, Blackbird, end Kilcolemon, the eire of Miee Creeha. The revised list of rnleeof tbe National Coursing Club of Anstralasia can now be obtained at the eecretary'e office, 441 Collins-street, Melbourne, price Is. 6d. The date of the Murchison and Darga- long club's opening meeting has been altered from 3rd to 1st July, and the date of nomination to 29tb June, A match has been arranged between Shamrock (Timothy — Bell Brandon) and Snapshot for £40, to be run on the 26th inst. Inkerman (Heyfield — Venus) was last week badly kiolced by bqrse, and is not likely to course again, j Tbecard is GKnTnjHonj Al Sgtos tochj 3k At fSu r alleges at 10s. AJen, is thehonlseereifer. '.f" -Thehtisc« Stake, |obe tun tmfldr top auspices of toe .iisai club on toe fidth 4nit.| Ja| been urieasedliy (gnii'piwBntri by ptr. J, GiWarerandlbe knnner-np Steteentaft W feeffli. and W. Deans. Entries (£1 10s each) close at 8 p.m. on Monday next. Another . m£4ing toat requires atienr tion on Monday next, before 8 p.ml, is that to be held under ft management of the Mortiake and Oatnperdown dab 'on 25(h Janp.; : The jvOgrtmrMSraopSr- M and C. Cop, for. tin unlimited number of aU-ag9f t kMritotpppleAded, value Sgns; Larra ptakes, for an un limited numbe' pf aU/afces thai taw never won V priz&> :a|f 10s 6d ; Mount Elephant Stakes, of £5 (presented by Mr. J. L. Carrie, jon,), for sul doge bpa|en in toe first atod aeocmd -rounds of toe Cup, entries frpe- ' The present wtok introduces ns to toe running of toe jgrtoteet oonrring event at toe present timeln Australia— toe Benalla Champion Cup. Inddditibn,tta4tatoy Park and Sunbeam Stakes willhe com peted for. Entries for Ihev stakes pre very satisfactory, but when reference is made to the great prize of the meeting there is reason for regreti inasmuch as toe nominations' therefor only number 48, as against 92 last season, and 40 in 94\. ' But, apart from these considera tions, I am certain tbe meeting mil be \ successful one as for as sport is concerned. The nominators' list includes the names of Messrs. B. Bladon, W. Nicbpl, Darcy and Beresford (Bega, N.S.W;), F. D. Kenyon, A. B. Pearson, W. G. Ellison, J. Swan, M. Quintan, W. C. Cunliffe (Jes- mond, N.S.W.), " P. Francis, " Hodges Bros., G. Keighrey, and James Weir, which mean that some of the tort dogs in Australia will go to tbe slipper. The plentiful rains of early winter had been of wonderfal benefit to the tryst of tbe Lismore club at Lara, and it is doubt ful if the ground was ever in a finer condition than on the 5th aud 6th instil tha dates of the club's opening meeting. Each of tbe events was sub scribed to liberally, prominent in tbe list being names that had been strangers to coursing for many years past. In addi- tion to this, there wae a strong sprinkling of new HP"3 &bout; tbe competitors. Tbe All-aged Stake (19 subs.) fell to a good sportsman in Mr. W. Lauder, who appropriated first prize (£13) with his b w d Rhymer, Mr. L. Bell's Cor&ngamite;, by Melfort Hope— Maud Exeter, being the runner-up. Rhymer is a second season dog, and is a full brother to Cretonne, winner of tbe Geeloug 32 All- aged Stake, being toe second of the Lindsay Gordon — Chintz family to earn mnninn jl.aiinixt t An far ttllC COBflnn. THb Pappy Stakes (24 eubs.) wo. divided by Mr. C. j?. Epwe'e f b Dolly, a daughter of Mr. Swko'a old favorito, Faogh-a-Ballaeb, dam, Little Wonder, and Mee.r.. Doyd and Oman's b w b Gnarpnrt, by Melfort Hope— Ada, ihe latter being a full aister to Kotiro and Ada II. The Eoboca Plnmptop dub held their Challenge Puppy Stakes last Wednesday and Tbureday. Tbirty-eix aoeepted, and some excellent trials war, run, the hares being in great going order. Tbe ground eras, unfortunately, very hard. There wae a very large crowd at the settling, and all expressed themselves as well pleased with the way the meeting had been carried out. Mr. Pearson, with his uenal generosity, again made a sub stantial donation to the club, and, in responding to his health, - eaid he wanted to be considered as one of the Echuca clnb and' not a " visitor," as he would always be with the Echoes people, and never take his support from tbe Echuca Plumpton Coursing Clnb. Mr. T. Chadwick, as judge, and Mr. J. F. Turner, as slipper, gave entire satisfac tion . 