LONDON GOSSIP. • — . — j i [FROM OVIL 0«'.V COBHESP03JOEXT.] • Dr Friedrich Tbi<5me, the geographer, has become jealous for the honour and dignity of the-South Pole. Under the tiile of " Der Sudpol," lie has complied an elaborate history of the successive expeditions to " the rival and equal of the North Pole," as he terms it. He begins with the hypothetical guesses of Buff u and other scholars, and the voyage of Capta : n Cook in the eighteenth century, and carries d *wn his narative to the expeditions of the Chillenger under Sir George N^res and the Gazrlle under the German Vice - Admiral Von S ;heintz. The North Pole is the talk of the day, ani the explorcrs and scientists all over Europe and America are,enthusiastic over it. The astronomers at least, says Dr Tlueaif, ought to turn s >me of this enthusiasm towards its sister and-rival at the other end of the globe, for the starry heavens of the southern hemisphere offer a spectacle absolutely different from that of our northern half of the world. The writer informs us that while he was compi inp his "eager recommendations <>f the South Pole as a field for the explorer and the scientist, he was greeted by the weleoaie news that no less a person thau the bold Nausea himself shares his feeling that the South Pole ha* been unduly neglected. It is Nanseu's hope and ambition, he tells us, to become the leader of an expedition, with two ships, for the exploration of the Southern Polar region. Dr. Nan sen, when he visits England, is to be the guest of the Savage Club which holds the intrepid N-<rw<-giaix in high ivgard. He was fc'ed at this institution on the eve of his departuie for the Arctic regions, and he thfn left b?hind him a curious little memento of his visit in the shape of his signature roughly scrawled upon the wall at the back of the chairman's table. Ihe .Savages s"» highly prized the autograph that they t >ok spe *ial paiiis to have it pres-rved, atid Nan sen when he text dines at the club will find it as fresh JS when he first dashed it off—threj years ago. Mr Melton Prior, the well-known artist and war correspondent, is ba-jk from his travels in South Africa. Asked by- a contributor to " South Africa " what he thought of the outlook in Rhodesia, Mr Prior - feigned not to understand. "In Rhodesia" he said, accenting tho word, '-wtere is that ? You mean j&hot;&sia; ?" " We!»," was the reply, " if that's your pronunciation I'll accept it.. But I've heard it said by those, who. ;ougbt to know that, as the country is framed after Mr Rhodes, it should therefoie be called RlwdesU, with -the accent on the Khodes." " Well, all1 can say is," said Mr Prior In .reply, "that I never heard it cdled anything but fihocfcsia in the country itself, sounded as a three-syllable wor.% and wita the accent on the second syllable. Why, Mr Rholes himself, I think, calls it so." " Enough," was the rejoinder, "' that settles it." During his journeyings Mr Prior saw a good deal of Mr Rhodes, and he gave his impression of the Colossus in these words:—" I found him to be a most charming man, and he did not—except in conversation—give me the impres-ion of being the great man that he is. But after travelling with him for a short time, sud discussing subjects in general, as well as the matter uppermost in his mind, it was then that I realised that Rhodes—was Rhodes 3" " Mr Rhodes is popular in Rhodesia ?" " Very. But, of course, the most popular man in the whole p'ace is Dr Jameson. Time after time I've heard men say, * I : wish J«u»son was here.'" Ttiese words should cheer the raider's present solitude. Mr Prior has a very high opinion ofthe Johannesburg people. He never met more hospitable or kinder-hearted folk anywhere. As Jameson is t> e most popular mau in Rhodesia, Mr Barnat) is, according to Mr Prior, the most popular man in the Transvaal. This, he explained, is in a great measure due to the fact that " he showed such an immense amount of energy and tact in his conversation with President Kruger with reference to the release of the Reformlprisoners. I really believe, and am firmly convinced, that it was almost entirely due to Mr BarnatoV shrewdness as a diplomatist that the prisoners were released as they were. Not everyone was aw*re of this. While Marshal Mac \fah on was President of the French Republic the*e was no comphint made a* to the personal appearance ofthe Chief of the State. The' Marshal was a fine soldierly-looking man, and on public occasions always wore his uniform. Then came M. Grevy, who was neither diguifi- d in his aspect, nor in. his .dress, which was th of an ordinary municipal emnci.lor. M, Carnot was always attired in a plain black siut, but-bore himself with a quiet distinction wh ; ch everybody noticed. M. Casimir Perier did not hold office long enough to effect any change ; but ihe alteration has at length been carried out. M Felix Faure, with the ass'stance of his tail r, seems to have devised some sort of compromise. He now STOPS abou<; on occasions of State in a black Hussar ja -feet, grey panta'oons, and long cavalry boots. The hat i« o' black felt and t f the Cronftadt s^ape," whi*.h we call "sugar leaf"; and in cold weather :M. Faure will put on a ' mantle of the cavalry pattern with a .fcoocL The Duke'"of Colmrg seems to be depriving his subjects of many privileges which have usually moderated the harshness of ducal rule. British tourists returning from his dominions bring with them (says the " Liverpool Post") furious storii-s, which they declare to be true There are roads through some of the ducal w-iods which the late duke all >ned the people to use with freedom. Of late they have been closed, and uniformed guards placed on them to keep off the public. Last winter skating was prohibited on park waters which have been open <o the public from time immemorial. From his outlying residences a'l the linen is sent to Cobnrg to be washed, because, so it is said, it can be done cheaper there. Australians will doubtless remember srme tall ya-ns anent the superlative m n annes3 of the " Dook," and it is sail that some Melbourne laundresses are still unpaid by the fcoyal sailor. By~"a circumstance over which he had no control, "the genuine and only Tommy Burns" has loit his wager. Calling himself "the Royal National Lifeboat Diver," he undertook to go from a pnblic-house in the City, then to dive into the river from London Bridge, afte-wards to run from London to Yarmouth—a mere matter of 128 miU-s or so—and 6nally to jump off the Britannia Pier into the pea, and show h'ms lf at a certain hotel in the town— til within the spac j of four- and-twenty h rare. Having accomplished this feat he proposed literally to ' run *' back to the metropolis, where an enthns'asiio welcome would await him at the li.-ensed premise; whence he had made the start. Unfortunately for his bet he only got as f«r as the Thames. His fool-hardy plunge from London Bridge atiractfd a crowd, and the crowd attracted the police an'l stopped the traffic. Charged at the Mausion House with disorderly conduct, " the genuine and only " was ordered by the Lord Mayor to enter into his own recognisances to keep the peace f«>r six mantis. It is astonishing to find a man who is reputed to hsve saved forty-three Jives and to be the holder of many of the Royal Humaue Sncie'y's awards guilty of such supreme f«l!v. Howerer, Tommy has sin e accomplished his task, having gone through the above programme in 23 h mrs 19 minutes. A carious tale of the death of a tiger comes from India. A native was seated ou a tree at night watching his fields, when he noticed a tiger prowling and sniffing the air, and gradually approaching his perch, unt.l it actually came under the branch, which it tried t) pull down. The native, bold by nature, sat fearlessly looking on, considering all tha while what he shonld do. Quick as thought he took a red-hot iron, and a» the hungry man-eater, with open mouth, leaped to catch his hangiag leg, he dropped the bolt into its mouth, and the tiger at once swallowed it, with what result it is needless to relate, except that the beast was found not far off tie next morning " stark and stiff " What would be interesting to know in connection with this affair is where the red-hot iron came from eo very opportunely. Here is another tiger legend :—That the tigers do sometmes interfere with the working of railways in India is4>orne out by an incident that occurred ou the Jubbulpore extensioa of the East India Railway lately. But the manner in whi<-h the native stationmaster made the fact kuown is so original that we can not do better than quote the telegram in extenso. The stationma*ter of Amdara (the station at which the tigers appeared) wired as follows to the permanent way inspector at Kutni:— Two lions just sitting, please arrange early to cut large pepul and bamboo trees, great danger opposite and behind quarters" This is verbatim et literatim. The etationmasrer at Jojke, who read the message as it was repeate to him, was not satisfied with its accuracy, and wired back to him of Amisra as f llows :—" Don't say lions, say timers." This got the Amt?ara man's back up, and he wired back. You fool: whnt do you know ?" The Joyke man, unwilling to allow an incorrect message to be sent, kept his so il in peace, and telegraphed back to Amdar8, "No lions in this part °f India, say timers." But the Amdara man was determined to have his war, and reque ted that his original message should be sent on, wh'ch was done The permanent way inspector hurried to Amdara, and there learat tint two tigers had actually been fighting in the stationmaster's compound, aud that this little unrehearsed incident had prevented the statioiima^ter getting to the station to give the " line clear " for the up mailThe rest of the station staff had apparently bo'ted, and the station master could not make them hear When the tiger* left his c mpound, and the coast was clear, the man hurried to the signalling room, and sent the message first quoted. A collection of rhymes from oil signboards was pu lisbed a little time ago, and very quaint and curious many of them w"re. Here is another f.»r the next collector of such compositions, just taken from an old barber's signboard at Beccles; in Norfolk : — All oa who have h»i'and hrr's to crop Jii't w»lk in o my spavin shop; Rich a d luxurious I trim Tho rough 6t b ards from any chin; 1 cuts th? hair upon the newest plan. And charges littler fhan any man. As a result of the recent pairing of the Act of Parliament with regard to motor cars, an enterprise is about to be launched in Loudon for revolutionising the traffic o? the overcrjwded streets. The present cumbrous, oscillating omnibus is to make way for a light sud handsome car driven by electrk-ifcy, according to the latest scientific methods. The promoters of the scheme print out that the metropolitan traffic is rapidly becoming congested by the multiplication of omnibuses, which consequently monopolise the greater part of the roadway. This encroachment would be diminished by half if m »tor cars were emplyoyed, and the object of the London Electric Omnibus Company (Limited) is to place such cars upon the road w th the least possible drlay. One of the cars was on view at tae depot, and, though not actually in running condition, sufficient was shown to prove that the introduct on of the new car will ba a benefit to the public from the point of view of comfort. Oscillation is prevented by the employment of air cushions fixed between the body of the car and the axles, and electricians will be interested to know that economy in working is secured by some ingenious improvements in the mechanism employed. It is proposed to start the first car from Hammersmith to the City as toon as the Act comes into force. The following ben trovato story is from the neighborhood of Ben Nevis :— " A shrewieb olvl body tried to lead her husband from the dram-shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John oc his way borne. ' Who are you ?' asked John, as ttie apparition rose before him from behind a bash. 'I em Auld Nick!' wis the reply. ' Are ye really 1' exclaimed the old reprobate, with much satisfaction, aud not a trace of terror ; ' Mon, come a*a'; gies a shake ©' your hand. I'm marrit tae a sister o' yours!'" Dr. Ilidiefc, a professor in the faculty of mediciue at Toulon, and the editoj of the Revue Scicntifique, has invented a flying machiue, a small model of which wi 1 be tested in a few days. The machine, which is of the shape of a huge bird, is 70ft long, and provided with two gigantic wiugs, each 200ft long. The machine, notwithstanding its size, is cjmparatively light, being constructed throughout of hollow aluminium. Steam is tt>e motive power, generated from a high pressure boiler. The model aoout to be tested is Cft long, and wide in proportion. A series of interesting telephonic experiments are to be made next week at St. Martiu's-le-Grand and at the offices of several of the telegraphic cable companies in London. M. Kildischewsky, a Russian expert, who claims to have proved that in a telephonic communication distance makes no difference to the c >rriage of sound so long as a telegraphic current is maintained, has received permission to op*rate on the long English and Transatlantic cables, and he hopes to demonstrate that it is as easy to convert e with a person in Australia cr India as to be " switched on " to Paris or Berlin. A cut ious specimen of the village lout with criminal tendencies turned up at Witharn, in Essex, the other day. A liborer bearing the honored name of Pease was charged with stealing a purse containing 23s. Gd. from the pocket of his mate's coat. He denied this mean theft all day, though his guilt was pretty clear. Fina'ly, bis mate, weary of talking, offered Pease Is. if he would confess. After more pressure Pease did confess, and finally fetched the purse, which he restored to its owner, after, h iwever, having first taken out Is. as his fee. Pease did not escape prosecution, but tbe magistrates seemed infected by the queerness of the case, for ihey fined the prisoner a smaller sum than he stole, aud gave him a week to pay it in. The Is. will help him to rquare up. Recently a prominent lawyer arrived in Washington, U.S.A., for a consultation regarding some pati ut cases. During the conversation a mat~h to light a cigar was lacking, and the WasLingtonian remarked that a piece of ice would do just as w«ll. The lawyer laught d and was incredulous aud a wager was made. The Washingti>nian took a piece of clear ice about an inch thick from the water- cooler, whittled it into the shape of a disc, and with the palms of his hand melted its two sides convex, thus giving the f^irrn of a double coiivex leus or burning glass. With it he focused tbe sun's rays on the end of his cigar and lastly set it on fire. A subsidy of 100,000 francs has been vote! by the Belgian Chambers ior the expedition to be led by M. Lieuteiant de Gerla he into the Antarctic regions. Two seasons are to be spent in the expedition. In the firet season, he will attempt the exploration of the regions around Graham's Land. Then after wintering in an Australian port, he will make an effort to determine the Southern magnetic pole. His oliief aim, however, will be to collect data relative to meteorology, physics, the fauna and flora of the regions, and oc^an^graph. Speakixg of Antarctic exploration reminds me that Mr C. G. Borchegevi^k, a gentleman well-kn »wn in Melbourne and 'totherside cities as a plucky Antarctic explorer, was married last week in London to a charming young English lady. In a recent number of " La -Nacioii," of Buenos Ajres, appeared an interestin? article relating to the reign of British gold in the Argentine Republic, from which the following is an *-x ! r.ict :—" What the English ainres could not effect, English capital has accomplished. To-day our country i.- tributary to England. Every year many mil ions of gold dollars are sent to the shareholders of English companies established in this country. Ne one can doubt the benefi's conferred by the ra'lways, tramways, gas faitories. telegraphs and telephones. N-> one can deny to the English companies the right to possess vast tracts of land in our country, from which Argentine owners obtiin the means of living wherevet they may choose. The gold that the English capitalists draw from the countiy or that they carry away in the shape of produce, is of no more advantage to us, however, than if it we e flung into the depths of the sea, as has been said of the rents that English proprietors draw from Ireland. We also suffer from the absenteeism of the capitalists, and without offering any opposition to their coming ^e ought not to regard as a favor the establisment of any more foreign capitalists. It is they who, to a great extent, impede our having good money, thus submitting our commerce to a continual drainage of metal. Capital is welcome, but let the capitalists also come." The " Arizona Ki.ker" has apparently bad some t rouble with its weather department, for the Eiiitor writes as follows :—" Last Wednesday a band o; about 20 indignant citizens, headed by Major Wharton, surrounded our office and fired ab >ut 40 bullets into tbe h >me of the greatest family paper on earth. The objei-t was to rebuke us for posting weather bulletins which did not pan out *s rej resented, and we were duly rebnked. When we star ted our weather bureau, it was at the lequest of many reanets, but we explicitly announced that all the tools we bad to work with were a map of the world, a two-foot ruk and a red lead pencil. In 60 days we have hit the weather 48 times, wlrch, we submit, is a pretty fair r< cord. In a few instances we hare predicted rain, which obstinately refused to put «n an appearance, and two or three times we have overlooked high winds and frosty nights. We have done our best, however, and those who arj not satisfied are respectfully invited to predict their own weather. Had Major Wharton coma to us personally, and like a gentleman, we would have tried t J gire him the sort of weather he wants to grow bis corn and tomatoes ; but under the circumstances we'll be hanged if we favor him before anybody else." The special commission appointed hy the Dutch Governmeut to discuss the scheme of draining the Zuyder Zee has just submitted its report, which states that such an undertaking is quite pos- *ib'e of success. The woik wonld take 31 years for completion, and every year 10,0U0 hectares of land would be restored to cultivation. A dike 30 miles in length will have to be constructed, extending from tbe extreme end of South Holland to the Eastern coast of Friesland. The building of this dike, which will be of a width of 35 metres at tbe base and fix metres high, will take jiine years. The total cost of tbe work* is estimated at £26,000,000 sterling, which includes the amount to be paid m indemnities to the fishermen of the Zuyder Zee. The total value of the tand thus grasped from tbe ocean is estimated at £27,000,000 sterling, so that the Datch Treasury will net a profit of a clear £1,000.000, without ieckoning the substantial gain to the public wealth and a corresponding increase in the annual revenues from duties and taxes. 