The Ancestral Kloukeyi L Continued] Hercules is said to have been the only mortal who crossed the Stygian lake without presenting the usual passport of a golden branch from the Sybil. This he is reported to have accomplished by overpowering poor old Charon the licensed boatman. What he would have done, and whether he would have accomplished his desire, is extremely doubtful had liis attempt been made at the close of the first Egyptian Epoch. I fear there would have been no chance for him, unless, in company with other funeral passengers, he had consented to be embalmed, when either as a moi'tal or sacred bull he would have been entitled to a free passage to the public cemeteries. That I accomplished the feat can only be regarded as super-Herculean. Having become somewhat bedaubed with paint in the sarcophagus department of the mummy shop, 1 completed the disguise by staining my pure Australian complexion until it resembled that of other shophands. j And one morning having induced the cat at teudant to shout ouce too often for the ancient JacAa I left him helpless under the bench whilst 1 sallied forth in charge of three fine toms which were due at an old maid's tomb that day; None suspected anything. No questions were asked. The priests took possession of my cargo on lauding. A dust storm favoured me, and under cover of it I hid amid the masonry of a large pyramid that luckily was iu course of construction. During the night I investigated several tombs and, having at length found one of the most ancient, dated B.C. 2650, burst open the best preserved mummy and lifted liis wizened skull. Day was breaking as I made off with my prize and as I hurriedly passed the curator's lodge I came face to face with his black slave who talcing nie for a ghost ejaculated " Great Scott" and fled. Then I made tracks you may be sure. The experience of an Egyptian prison 1 had no wish to test. Report said their stockade was worse then than in Joseph's time. I fled to Europe and tho next evening was hospitably entertained by tiie lake dwellers. They gave me a muchneeded shakedown but I got little rest by by reason of their so-called mosquitoes. I thought we colonials knew the finest breed but here I learnt otherwise. You could hear them alight on the shingle roof and their cry of "New Chum "sounded half-way across the lake and awoke the echoes through the surrounding hills. Il'alf-mad I picked up my swag and made for the door. Forgetful that 1 was not in Quorn I ruahed out, and dis appeared in anything but a neat dive into the waters below. Wet and sobered I struggled to the shore, but had to return for my skull which after several dives I recovered along with two others, the possession of which reconciled ine to my mishap. My hosts were still sleeping as, borrowing the largest coracle (so to speak, for the boat was made of skins), I paddled off. Whither I should shape my course was rather a question. In Egypt I had history to guide me, but since then I had long passed iuto the ages of " Prehistoric man," that is, man during the time lie wrote no records of himself. The most ancient uations, according to the general consent of modern historical critics, are the Egyptians, the Babylonians, the Israelites, the Irauians, the Phoenicians, the Indians uud the Chinese. And even amid this the history of some is very late. Of authentic Indian liiotory there are no traces beyond 13.0.1200, and Iranic history cannot be regarded as commencing before B.C. 820. Again the Phcenicians have no history beyond B.C. 1050. The claims of Chinese history to's cCmniencement with the rgign of Yaou, who ast'ended the throne in B.C. 2356, have been discredited by recent investigation. The most Useful history is the Egyptian, so naturally I made a bee-line down their annals. They led me as you hate heard as far back as B.C. 2850. The oldest Egyptian monument is one of Snefru.- This is followed by the Pyramids and the contemporary tombs at Ghizeh. After 6ecing these I felt rather at sea, although it is true when I Commenced this digression I was merely floating across a lake. You know what I mean : one gets a sort ot bushed feeling when the historic periods are left far behind and the unsurveved ages of prehistoric man stretch indefinitely ahead. A kind ol loneliness too crept over me as I shouldered tny traps and sculls and stepped ashore to continue my journey. My observations led me to believe there was not much further space to be tramped, so, cheered by the thought of a speedy return, I pressed on. Everywhere I met with fine races of men living under wild conditions and iti the most simple sirid rude barbarism: This following so immediately up6n the comparative civilization of Babyldniaand Egypt told me that savagery wds hd more a proof of enormous antiquity than are the primitive habits of the Aboriginals in our interior or the Bushmen of South Africa; who exist s in this condition contemporaneously with our modern civilization. The relics of these prehistoric races whom I met now lie buried in the gravels and caves of what we to-day call in geolological language '" the quarteruary strata.'' This period still shows the result of ice in man}' parts of Europe and a large extent of North America. It was here I turned back. You wouldn't believe how cold it was. There were ho traces of human beings, let alone monkeys, that I could see. I shouted " Coo-ee," and the word froze hard in the air the moment it left my ntoufch. It was a narrow escape; Another step aud should have remained sis a stalagniitic icicle, an enforced but undignified addition to the frozen landscape. Some hunters took pit.y on me aud gate me shelter in their cave, a warm bearskin to cover me and some venison and milk as nitiriris; JOHN QUIXOTE ? ? TATTJOR - CARBINGTON CD, — Tiie wellknowiland ever-popular Taylctr-Cart-ington CO I paid a visit to Q.uOrH HH Thursday, January 9th; atid, considering the hot and unpleasant weather, a very fair house assembled in the Town Hall to see " Ould Ireland'' which was announced to be plaj-ed by this Company. The part of Thadv Brady (an Irisli Leaguer) was taken with great success by Mr Charlie Taylor; unfortunately liis singing tvas interfered with by a severe co'd imd the dusts tor m of the afternoon was also etiough to spoil anyone's vdcal powers. As Lame Larry (a Drunken Ferryman) too Mr Taylor scored a decided success. The part of villain (Mdrris) was well sustained by Mr J. J; Eniiis whose acting ability was especially seen in the death ,r 171 scene at - the close ' of " the 3rd " ' act. ' Mr F. Esmeltoii as Fred Joyce (a shrewd Solicitor) went down well with the audience; Mi' j. E. llaynes as St. Browne (a Foolish Flunkey) faint brought down tho house With his drolWies and " Latin quotations." Mr A. Mortimer as Old Brady took his part, which; however, was a light one, well. Mr W. Scott, as the Detective McPhei-rett, acted fairly well; while the minor parts of James (Mofris' servant) and Pat English, Tim Gallagher, Mick Burke (Irish Bolichals) were respectively taken with success by Messrs G. Watson, G-. H. Pa<:et, M. V Benton, and R Phillips; Miss Ella Carringtoii took the part df Lotta (a Deitcher girl) to perfection and was loudly applauded for her songs aud dances. Miss Gladys Grant was quite at home in licr part of Mary Bradv which she acted well all through. Miss Abbie Frances as, Miss Mulcahey in the 1st act, did well, and the way iu which she sustained the part of pianist later on showed her to be an able musician. The Misses Mary Sinclair and Jenny Fletcher as Nellie Fabey aud Kattie Maloiie made two attractive Irish Colleens. The mounting was very good indeed considering the limited space at their disposal and the make-ups were excellent. The scenery loo Was far above the average especially noticeable in the river scene, Dublin by moonlight and the ruinS of Danttvbayer Castle. We must not forget the clever mechanical effect introduced into the last sceYie viz an express train Crossing the stage which was well managed and an excellent piece of realism; The whole piece 'was well received and frequently applauded by the audience, and in i-etu'rtiing thanks at the close Miss Ella Carrington announced that probably they may play here again alioHly. 