'"ORIGINAL STORY i The Mystery of ilie Willow Farm. BY PAUL TWYFORD.) Ii\? III.— (GONTIKXrED. V ' Don't hurry back, but let me have just an " hour and see if I don't bring ; back one, at least— that is, if the. ghost has not frightened I them all away ;' and in saying this he made ' O ffTlinaCB flu AOnij W-UV oau wuu iio :wutu resting on Ms palms, looking straight into the red embers. Joe was a born sportsman, ! and, wet or dry, nothing pleased him better than beating the bush for game of some Tom gave a sigh of relief as Joe left the : house whistling a comic air, and turned to. me his scared face. , 'Old friend, he began, ' you'll think me strange— porhaps mad— when you hear. what. I have to say. It is better that you should1 know it, for somebody else will— and there's no knowing what may happen.' ' Then you did see something ?' ' God help me, I did ; and I shall never rest again. When I thought you were asleep, I got up, and ran nearly all the way I here for I felt the storm coming on. I had 1 just time to knock on a fire when it came on ! in real earnest— thunder, lightning, wind, rain ; it seemed as if the end had come — for l the room appeared to me to he full of mov- ing things, having neither substance nor form. There followed a lull in the storm, i and I sat looking m the fire and thinking of Mrs. dear Zara .' ' What ! is that her name ? what an out landish name. Did she tell you ?' ' Yes ; her father was a Greek, I believe, : but that is immaterial. While thinking of her I felt a slight touch on my shoulder. I turned sharply round — there was nothing ; and again I looked into the fire for her dear faoe. Again my shoulder was. touched, and again I saw nothing. Then I determined to watch, and turned my face from the fire, looking into the gloom with strained eye balls. Presently I began to see something moving, it came nearer and hearer, until I could see a muffled figure beckoning to me with one hand, while pointing with the other " to another room— that . room in there— (pointing to a . doorway at the end of the room in which we sat). I followed ; I couldn't resist. Outside the door is a short, dark passage, off which is the room where I saw what will never be effaced from my memory. My muffled guide seemed to carry an electric light ; yet I saw no lamp. The room was lit with the same pale blue light — more like vapour than anything else that I can think of—and though black as jet all round, I could see distinctly a bed, on which reclined a man— apparently asleep — and by his side a woman. 0 God, how can I tell yon whom she was like ! no, not only like, hut it was she — Mrs. — : , Zara ! She was awake, and presently rose on one arm and peered into the. sleeping man's face. For a time her face was hid from me, then she turned, and it was simply demoniac in its expression. Prom under her' pillow she drew a long, bright dagger, and . without further hesitation, plunged it deep into the mail's breast. He sprang up, in a spasmodic sort of way, then fell back, while the blood Spurted e11 over the white counterpane. Again and again the sharp blade was plunged into the dying man's body, and then the friend— the woman— Zara, raised her head and smiled straight at me ; her dark eyes seemed to pierce me through and through. I seemed to fall across the bed, but picked myself up from the floor. It was all a phantasy ; there was no bed, no murderess, no murdered man— nothing bnt a halo of pale blue light showing a dark patch on the floor. It was blood, for I felt it— see, it is on my hand now !' 'No, Tom, your hands are not blood stained. It was all fancy. Let us go and look at the room.' 'No, no,- no !' he almost shrieked, ' not Y for a kingdom !' ' limn 1 will go,' and I groped my way to the chamber which was in. black darkness, groaped all round the room and felt nothing. ; f- There's nothing there, Tom. I'm afraid you're in for a fever, or something; you're quite unmanned about something.' . :' No, I swear 1 saw what I have described. Go and look again — here, take this burning stick, it will light you.' I did as he desired, and saw nothing — no, I am wrong, for on.the floor. was a big round patch of a dark colour. I felt it ; it waB dry — my hands were not stained. ' Did yon see anything, Phil ?' 'Nothing — only a stain of something on the floor — hut that's nothing.' ' Nothing ! why ;what else can it be but blood. See here, Mrs. , Zara — my -Zara — is a murderess — the man was her hus band — yet she wears no ring. Is -it not 'Strange? '"Well, yes, there is something strange about that woman, I admit ; but as for the other, it is fancy. You are not well ; here's Joe— with two possums, I declare ; let us now get back-to camp.' Day was breaking, and Tom offered no objection. He went out into the road while. J oe and I stood for a minute lighting our pipes by the fire. ' J oe, just a minute, grab that blazing stick, and follow me.' Joe stared, but did as he was bid. Our blazing fire-sticks lit up the room so that wo could inspect it thoroughly : the walls were compact, no openings of any kind save Window and door, the former being closed with board shutters. ' Joe noticed the black stain on the floor, and wondered what it was. ' It is hard to say — some accident perhaps In the old days ; possibly a man shot and died there. No doubt that has given rise to the ghost yarn ' f ' What, did Tom see it ?' ' Not he ; he's awfully excited, and I fear he has got a tench of fever. We will get away from here before he gets sick.' Joe acquiesced, and we joined Tom in the road. He saw as smoking and felt for his pipet> then altered his mind, saying that smoking wasn't good for him. iv. It was quite light when we slipped into onr room, unobserved as I thought, for Hubert waB fast asleep. We slept late, until we were aroused by our Irish friend, who had just returned from a bathe, he told us ; and by the light in his eye, and his generally pleased expression, I guessed that he had also been having a quiet tote-a-teto with Mrs. — A boating excursion was planned, and a few minntes afterwards Hubert and I found ourselves together among the rows of corn, ' sampling some good sugar melons. He put his arm in mine and led me farther away from the house. 'Phil, old man, congratulate me; Mrs. — , that is, Zara, has accepted me.' By-the-bye, did Mrs. — — tell you how that house came to be haunted— or, rather, why they say it is ?' 'It is all rubbish. It is her property — belonged, I think, to her husband.' ' Bnt what relation is she to the old lady P "Yhat I cannot say. But why all this catechising ?' asked Hubert with some xvarmth. ' Well, my friend, since you ask mo, I may as well tell you that my friendship for you and Tom prompts me.' ' Tom ! — what of him ?' 'Simply this : he is, or was, also madly m lovo with Mrs. .' Tom ! why ho is only a boy. There are . the two girls : surely he don't dream of Mrs. — reciprocating his mad fancy !' 5 ' I'm afraid he does, or did, at any rate.' ' Did — why, what has changed him ?' . ' Well, last night he visited the haunted . pouso. - I— ha ! and saw the ghost, I sup pose ? . Poor boy ! I must talk to him.' ". ' don't talk to him ; leave him alone in hiu fancies. Talking will do no good ; let them die out.' ' But did he see anything ?' ' There is nothing there for him to see, ' said I, evasively. 'Of course not. Ghosts ! why, ghosts vanished from off the face of the earth at the end of the last centery. But let us go now, or. _ they'll think we have bolted;' and he whisked me along through the'rowsof. tall, dark corn-stalks as if I wore a feather weight. V- . But little remains to he told— and that I should he able to tell it grieves me much. It is a mystery to this day how it all hap pened ; and gird as I may, the actual perpe trator of the damnable crime whioh wound up our holiday, is still at large— that is, she who was the cause of it, escaped and lives unsuspected by all but myself, and, possibly, J oe Clemenshawe. ..Be that as it, .may, I. will relate how that dreadful time ended. After luncheon the boats were got ready, and several hampers put aboard. Mrs — — — and Hupert wore the gayest of the company; the old lady was pleasant, and the two young girls did their best to cheer Tom, whose despondency they had noticed. There were two boats— the larger seating the old lady,- the two girls, Tom and myself; the other was to be rowed by Hubert," Joe, and Richard, with the 'fairladye' as cox swain. But when we were oil ready for a start, Richard was missing. We coo-ee-d, and coo-ee-d, but the man did not turn up, and at the moment one of the maids came down from the house and said she had seen him rowing about in a small skiff just before . we came down to the wharf. ' In that case let us go,' said Mrs . ' For he has gone on ahead.' So away we went, laughing and singing, all save two, my poor hoy, Tom, and mysolf . I certainly had no presentiment of trouble— I feared only because of Tom's melancholy — which I attributed to his being unwell ; and also that: something might occur to cause unpleasant ness between him and O'Neill. We arrived at the little hay and landed ; made a fire and had tea, and then .romped about on the grass until we were all hot and tired. Then someone proposed a bathe, and we men made for the boats— when lo ! almost in the twinkling of an eye, Tom was miss ing, and also the smaller boat— and strangely, Richard had not . yet turned up. I felt troubled at Tom's going off by himself, hut still felt no alarm. The three of us had our swim, and then landed at a very promising place to look for ferns for 'the ladies' — so. O'Neill said. Hubert went in one direction and Joe the other, while 1 sat on a rock by the bank watching up and down stream for Tom — for I was getting uneasy at his ab sence. Joe. soon returned ; but after waiting for nearly an hour, and the sun was getting low, we began to eoo-ee for our big friend, Hu bert. Getting no reply, we followe.d the direction he ' had taken, coo-ee-ing as we went. Still no reply, nor Bign of him. We entered the boat and pulled along by the hank, calling aloud his ' - name , but no res ponse. Joe then suggested that as the place we landed at was on the same side of the stream as where we had left the ladies, Hu bert had probably made for them in ordeE to take them by surprise. The idea was feasi- ble; and we pulled hack expecting to find, both Hubert and Tom there — but, alas ! we were sadly disappointed. The consternation of the women folk was great indeed at onr two friends' strange disappearance, and the old lady also thought it ' very strange ' that Richard should have kept away. ' Never mind him — he's nobody, said Mrs. — ; but your two friends, Mr. Brown, whatever ban have happened to them ?' I was almost speechless with dread, and for the life of me I could not have spoken! civilly to the woman had I tried. It was now dark, and Joe, ever practical suggested a return to the farm, in order to ; organise search parties. We did so— Joe; and I pulling silently — and I may say in re gard. to myself, almost savagely — fori began to hate the woman who sat facing me, with her fair Greek face and curling lip ; her blue- black hair and dark blue eyes, melting in love one moment and blazing in anger the next. We had a laDtern in the boat, and by its dim light I caught sight of this woman's ' face, and it- was deadly in its palor and ex pression ; the poor . old lady rooked her body and moaned, while the girls sobbed. Yet the woman most concerned sat silent, with com- pressed lips and blanched cheek ; and 'twas only when the older woman made some piti ful exclamation, that she spoke — she fiercely turned upon them with ' shut up your whin ing, it is my trouble, not yours.' We aroused the neighbors ; and in a very short time half a dozen boats, and twice as many men, were engaged in searching for our missing companions. All night long we rowed about, and landed ; built fires, and coo-eed and did all that could be done to dis cover them ; but the cold grey morning came without a .reward, and we returned to the farm miserably dejected. Neither Mrs. nor the old lady had gone to bed all night, and it was pitiful to see their grief-stricken faces — though the younger woman put on a bold front. Yet she clasped my hand convulsively when I approached her, and hoarsely whispered : ' Do you think they are drowned !' ' Madam, how can I tell ? I replied in my severest tones. About nine o'clock, as we were making some show of getting breakfast, in walkB Richard, carrying a fine fish. He looked haggard, and his foxy eyes were blood shot ; while, his boots and trousers were mnddy. Questioned, he said he had been fishing, but had met with an accident, slipped from a rock and sprained his ankle so. much so that he had been lying out all night unable to move. It was quite feasible ;, and as for his not joining ns in the excursion I could quite understand that. He seemed astonished when told of the disappearance of O'Neill and Tom ; and energetically led the way to the boats in order to make farther search. Some words spoken in a low tone, passed between him and Mrs. — — r — ; and I saw her dart a look of ineffable scorn at the man, while he criuged before her. We were just unmooring the boat, when we saw a neighbour's boat palling into the pier, and a man in the boat waving us back. Mrs.— — also saw the boat and ran down to the landing to meet it. And old sail covered something lying in the bottom of the boat ; one of the men lifted it, and there lay the body of poor Tom Steinworth— wet and sodden, ana his face all bloody. Mrs. did not screan ; but clinched her hands and compressed her lips, while her face bore a look of great anguish. Poor Tom: his forehead was smashed — how, we conld not tell. Wo removed the body to the house ; and Mrs. called Richard. He came ; and a more hang-dog look I never saw on a man. ' Richard, ride to the Ferry for the doctor ; and tell him and the police to come here.' He had hardly left her side when she called after him : ' Never mind ; here is Mr.— (pointing to a neighbour) he will go; I cant spare you.' We had all just sat down to a late tea when a loud halloa was heard at the wharf. Joe and I were out in an instant, and ran down to the water hare-headed, the con stable following. A boat was there, and lying in it's bottom — just as Poor Tom had been — was the manglod body of Hubert O'Neill. I say mangled, for one arm was broken, one knee-cap smashed and there was ahutrc gash along the head through which the brains were oozing. The man had found it at the water's edge not fifty yards _ from where Tom's body was found, though it was not there when they passed Borne hours before, when returning with pQ9r Toift'0 t remains. "\ I The whole" thing was incomprehensible j I I foamed to tell anyone what I- thought ; I desired to spare the reputation of ray two dead friends, and I had no proof whatever to suggestanythingelse. The woman was keener for she knew more than I did - rind uo donbt her suspicions were well founded— whatever they were. When Richard rehired to his room door was braked, and the polioemati put the key iD his pocket I sat by the dead all night — Mrs. coming in at intervals— while poor Joe, fairly worn out, lay down upon a verandah seat and slept. Where I sat and watched was but a few feot off the room in which Riohard. slept; yet it was out of my sight. Anyone could have entered without my seeing him : once tho policeman looked into the. chamber of death, and I heard him stop at the door of Richard's room— as if listening. Next morning the man did not appear at breakfast ; his room door had been unlocked early, but he could not have left it uithout being seen, for the policeman was not the only one on the watch. At nine o'clock one of the maids knocked at the door; at ten the old lady, and an hour latter Mrs. — : — — ; and there being no answer to her appeal, she beckoned to me and the policeman. 'Open the door,' she said, with an air of proud authority. The policeman opened the door; the man was in bed— dead. There was no sign of a struggle, nor mark nor bruise to show how he died. The doctor said he had died in; his sleep. Mrs. stood looking at the corpse for a minute, and . then left the bed side with a peculiar smile upon er classic features. It was a smile of satisfaction — a cruel, hard smile — and I wondered how tho. woman could smile at all.' Joe and I have met many times since that terrible occurrence, and have religiously drunk to the memories of our dear old chums, and as bitterly cursed those who hurried them to' their death, he they living or dead. We have discussed the whole matter so often, and so critically, that we ought to be .able by this time to see light, but I confess that the whole thing is as dark as ever. Neither of ns can hold Mrs. blameless ; nor can we .believe that she ' was not identified in some way with the horrible apparition which really forewarned poor Tom of his fate ; and when we speak of Richard's sudden exit, while the bodies of our two friends lay yet unburied, we look into each other's eyes and read each other's thoughts oorreotly. We do not know ; but we both have the strongest belief that one, at least, of onr friends died by that man's hands, he being at the time mad .with jealousy. .As for his strange j death, there can be but one opinion as to whose hands caused it. It is wrong to misjudge at any time — but serious, indeedfin a case of a suspiciously sadden death, and where there was so much mystery as we found pervading the family at the Willow Farm. The End. 