Presbyterian Church. Queensland General Assembly. Constituted Last Night. Opening Servioe. The opening service in connection with tlio constitution, of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland wuh held in toe Wickbfim terrace Presbyterian Church last night. Thero was a large con gregation, and a fairly largo attendance of members of tho assembly. Tho sorvice was conducted by the moderator, Rev. J. Crook- ston. After tho customary devotional oxoroises tho moderator preached an able sermon from Samuel xvii. 29, "Is there not n cause?11 Relating in, graphic language the encountor between David and tho giant of Gath, when the youth went forth to tho seemingly unequal conflict in face of tho ridicule of his opponents and the contemptuous astonish ment of the forces of Israel, hut won the viotory in tho strength of God. he pointed out that what Israel lacked that day David pos sessed — namely, a simple faith in God und the power of God. Was thero 110 cause for such u faith to-day? ho asked. Tho highest reach of genius foil far short of tho lowest degree of inspiration. But if one wanted that power for tho sake of boing great in tho oyes of one's follows he would norer got it. Israel at the time roferred to had a iniitorialistio tondonoy. Tho present age was also mntorialistio 111 its thought. Ho did not mean tho scientific or rational aspect only. He meant tho subtlor sort creeping into the ohurch and church methods. How littlo de pendence was thero fo-day upon the power of the Holy Ghost as all sufficient for thoiv work in tho ohurch of tho living God. How muoh were thoy comiug to lesu upon mere human agencieH, undtruHttothcarmourofSaul. It was a goad thing in its way, but thoro hud to bo something which enabled a man to dis pense with thut good thing as a hindrance under certain conditions and circumstances. Tho tendouoy to -day was to give too great importance to mere human agoney, and too small a place to tho power , of the spirit of God. Thoy were too apt to be satisfied if toe collections reuched a satisfactory figure, and the church allowed its Bocial, musical, aud architectural attractions to occupy too high a place. They had not faith enough to lay aside tho armour of Saul aud grasp the simplo sling and stono of tho Gospel of their Lord. Tho fuith of personal interest in toe work of Jesus Christ was what wus wanted to-duy. Tbey woro trusting too muoh to ohurch machinery and too littlo to the spirit of God. Thub was a poor honour to Jesus Christ to profess ti faith in him which dared nob stand up niid measure itself with faith in money or faith in pleasure. Referring to uuother aspect of the text, he said that tbo young thou of Australia had yet to fight tho giant. There was ho grander sight in his eyes than a young life laid down at God's altar iu self-wiorifice. Australia was waiting for this. It might, be that they us a ohurch wero too conservative. It might be that many a young follow had got idle because no niun hud fired him. AU lie hud wus a sling and stone, and ho was maybe ashamed of his secmiugly poor equipments as he suwso many strutting to so littlo effect in their shiuing armour. The best equipment was tho power of too Spirit, and ho, noticed that tho great couquests of preaching were prefuced'with the words "Aud being ' filled with the Holy Ghost." Constitution op the Asspbly. The Assembly was then formally consti tuted by prayer, and the roll called. Tho Moderator, on rcsigniug the chair, said he hud to thauk them one and all for thoir kind ness and brotherly feoHtig which had characterised his your of office. ITo trusted it hud been spent to the glory of God and the wollbeing.of the church. . He thou aimounced that since a majority of presbyteries had nominated Rev. J. S. Pollock, of Sherwood, as moderator for too present year, it became his duty to move that ho bo elected to the otlloo of moderator,- Dr. Hay (Rookhumpton), in seconding tho motion, fluid thai the usNeinbly in 'placing such dignity upon Mr. Pollock, would only be rewarding him- for a period of moat diligent and conscientious work. - - , The motion -was curried by acclamation," nnd the newly appointed moderator was robed and conducted to the ohair by the . retiring moderator, Rev. J.'Crookston. Tlio Moderator buying been received by tho assembly, thanked members wnrmly for tho houour which had benn placed upon him. By wuy of a speoial address to the assembly ho expressed " somo thoughts regarding the unity of onr church and duties arising out of that unity." He said that for the present, not to speak of any ohurch orguuisution which they might find themselves a part of in tho near future, they, in . Queensland acknowledged nnd proclaimed . thomselvcR to' bo n church, not a union of ohurohos. In certain directions it was .perhaps . not urgently needed that thoy insist upon toe unity of tho oburoli. Thoir systom of ohurch government helped to keep that fact iu view. By congregational representation, and by appeal, ovorturo, aud petition, their. people and affairs were in constant ovidcnco in tho superior courts. But tlioy required moro than that. It wus not by tho oxeroiso of con stitutional authority, hut by. tho infusion of a greater amount of brotoorlincss of spirit that thoy hoped to omphasiso their unity, and by practically recognising that thoy formed ono family, and that every part of the church had a claim upon the co-operation and assistnnco of tlio wholo ohurch. As Presbyterians they acknowledged they had relative duties and privileges boyond their congregational con nexions, that they were ministers, elders, and members of toe Presbyterian Church first, and of thoir particular congregations afterwards. With them the question of agreement was professedly settled, and that being so it was a matter of detail as to how best tho wholo church might benefit by all the gifts within it. This was ono of the ohiof reasons that called them together — namely, that thoy might resolve upon tho best mothods of dircoting and encouraging their ministers and people, to place their services at toe disposal of the churoh, and of so arranging tho work that it might fall in with thoir agreed ordor and polity. No greater miRtako could ho .made by a pastor than to supposo that his services should be confined to his own particular congregation, nnd though he might not beliovo that ho might ho held buck from aoting otherwise by cir cumstances und considerations of one sort and another — the want of supply for his pulpit, luok of funds, und possibly tho selfishness of his own congrogation. It had boon askod what was to prevent tho churoh generally sharing tho beuofits of tho entire ministry, it boing urged that a circuit oxchuugo would be an improvement on their present older. They could not agreo witn that opinion. It would bo un ovil day for Prcsby- . tcriunism .when the tirao-lionourcd and. apostolic praotice was givon up. But thoy ' might liavo a good thing enrried too far, aud this would be the case if tho fixing of a minister in ono. place or pastorate wholly provontcd him sorvhig boyond the honnds of the congregation in whioh ho was placed. He gavo all honour to those ministers and congregations who had found means to do churoh oxtonsion work of whioh in raoBt iustsnces no official notice was token, and he believed that ho was welt within tho mark in saying that the homo mission und ohuroh extension work carried out by tho ministers und elders of the ohurch who woro not recognised agents working undor the Homo Mission Committee, was in uny givon yoar greutcr than that reported to tho assembly by tlio Homo Misniou Committee. And in what hotter way could it ho carried on. He coutonded that there was ample scope for oifort in this dircotion. The young and vigorous could, without shortening their days, do something beyond tho stipu lated quota, und tho congregations could by granting gonerous freedom to thoir pastors aud by financial aid do vory much to sup port and extend toe ohurch of Christ boyond their borders. But ohuroh oxtonsion work whioh lay at too doors of their ministers did uot exhaust tho limits to whioh their services should extend. It had heon frcquontly re marked, how truthfully he did not say, that tho social element was a weak point in -Prcsby tcriunism. It ought not to bo so, and it rested with them to make this reproaoh obviously inapplicable to thorn by. seeing to it . that as brother ministers and ciders thoy possessed that mutual esteem and affection for .. one uuother without whioh their- union was a hollow pretenoe. In the second place tooy had to congidor how might the finanoial resources of toe churoh' bo laid under tribute for tho mainten ance of ordinances throughout the whole churoh If it wero agreed that their ministers were, ministers, of the whole church tbe conclusion was inevitable that on toe churoh as a wholo - rested tho support of tho ministry and too maintenance of ordinances in 6iioh places1 as she in her wisdom bad established. Many of their weakand country charges had heen loft. to perish for want of a- helping hand in timo of need. It was a pain ful und oveu shameful thing that tho number of charges ministered to by fixed pastors outside the neighbourhood of Brisbane was little moro than what it was 20 years ago. That thoy had so many charges throughout too colony ugainst which tbe word " Vaoant M must bo written was vory sad. There could be no doubt thut whatever else might have contributed to this stato of affairs tho ohiof cause . was want of funds. The Homo Mission Committee bad a noble work to do, but it seemed to him that if that committee was to opmbine, as it now did, sustentution with'striotly homo mission work, thero should ho a reversal of- too proportionate division of funds, the larger portion being de voted to the supplemoutingof stipends in weak charges and tho smnllor. to the establishment of now charges— at leant: until all that whs possible of tbo old and vacated grouud was retaken, und established upon a satisfactory footing. He believed, liowover, that hotter results would be aohieved by a sustcntation fund, on a separate and adequate basis, to bo dispensed by a real live sustentution com mittee, which would itmko tho vast and vital importunco of this matter to ho folt by all toe ohuroh. Whore, he asked, would toe Free Ohurch of Scotland bo to-day wero it not for her Sustentution Fund? How, without buoH a fond, could tho Irish Presbyterian Ohuroli havo maintained its footing? Could they hope to do without that whioh others hail found so necessary? Reviewing theobjeotions thnt would probably he urged ugainst suoh a scheme, he said thoy had always been made. Thero was always a lion- in tho street for tho man who hud no wish to 'go nut of doors. Surely this was , a mutter in which they might hope for . success in ud- vocaoy of their cause, and especially in that assembly commend themsolves to every man's conscience iti the sight of God. Ho concluded by expressing too hopo- thut tho spirit of brotherly kindness might be aruliug spirit amongst them, and be pro ductive of suoh rosults that all might see, und thoir congregations feel to the remotest bounds of the ohuroh that thoir love was not in word and in tongue, but in deed and iu truth. Miscellaneous. Rev. D. F. -mitck≪ inoved a vote of thanks to the retiring' moderator, wliioh was cordially passed. On tho motion of Dr. Hay, a similar com pliment was paid to tho . moderator for hts address. Dr. Hay proposed that the acknowledg ments of the assembly be communicated to the Glasgow University for tho honour con ferred upon Dr. J. F.-M'Swaine, and through him upon tho church. - - Committees wero appointed to prepare an address on behalf, of the assembly to his Excellency tho Governor, and u memorial iniuuto bearing upon tho' death of Mr. J. M. Bryrlou. It was abb decided to notify his Extolleucy tho GoveiTio'r.' of tho appointmout of tho moderator. / Tho assembly adjourned at 9.45 until tho following (this) morning. 