LORD SALISBURY ON IBELAND. Taunts the Ibish People with their Dissensions. The speech delivered recently by Lord Salisbury is remarkable alike for what it says and for what it omits to say. . Once again he announces his remedy for Ire land. He is more callous and insulting than on previous Occasions. Then it was to twenty years' resolute government that he looked for the defeat of tlie National movement. Now it is Irish dissension which he regards as the antidote to Irish agitation for self-government. Surely such callous language never before fell from the lips of a statesman entrusted with the supreme place in tlie country. With brutal candor Lord Salisbury con fessed that the 6ole hope of British government in Ireland was, is, and always must be discord amongst the Irish Nationalists themselves. He exults in Irish dissension, and makes no secret of his hope that it may prove perpetual. "If Richard Strongbow," lie said, "could come to earth now he would say, ' Why, things are exactly as they were when I was here. The Irish quarrelling ? They quarrelled so then that I had no difficulty in conquering them.' They are quarrel ling so now that they will be unable to shake ofl the influence and power of Eng land. Internal quarrels are the real appeal which England has against the strong organisation of Irish agitation. It is a sovereign remedy; it is a certain remedy, only it requires time, and when ever the Irish trouble you with proposals of disintegration, hold on for a few years and you will soon see them at each other's throats." These words are worth weighing by the people of Ireland. They contain a lesson from one of the ablest as he is one of the strongest of her opponents. They are a conclusive argument for the consolidation of Irish forces and the prompt suppression of dissension. In this course lies the hope of the tenant farmers and Nationalists of Ireland. Every man who sets himself openly or covertly to frustrate that hope, no matter what his character or services, is an enemy of Ireland, and must be so dealt with.* tim healy'.s rejoinder. Referring to the above at a meeting in Dublin, Mr. Healy said :— I observe that upon a recent occasion we were taunted with our differences by Lord Salisbury. (Groans). There are no differences we know in the Tory party. Lord Salisbury told us that it Strongoow s ghost were to return to Ireland he would say, " What! are those Irishmen quarrel ling still ?" Now, I don't think Strong bow's ghost would say so at all. I think if he were to visit Lord Salisbury in the watches of the night. "What!" he would say "after all these 700years have not you beaten these Irishmen yet ? (Loud cheers). Though you had Henry and Elizabeth and James and Cromwell, who sometimes worked in these years a little overtime—(laughter)—and William, and have you got no further in this busi ness of conquering Ireland ?" (Cheers). And I tell Lord Salisbury that though we do differ a little amongst ourselves we are all united against the foreigner--(loud cheers)—and that what our differences are about are not the question of place or power or salary, but as to the best means of obtaining the freedom of our native land. (Hear, hear). Well, we are fond of fighting. There is one thing' we don't do with our fighting men—we would not leave the men if we had the power and were a nation who took part in a Bala clava charge to die in the gutters or in the poorhouses. (Hear, hear). A.nd I tell Lord Salisbury this country, divided though it may be upon questions of de tail, is united in essence and in principle. What the people want is but A RALLYING CENTRE —(hear, hear)—and they will find it again as they found it before, and that if we do not find it in our time we shall bring up our children to hand down the tradi tions of the fighting men of old. (Loud cheers). He takes comfort in our divi sions. I wish him much comfort in the House of Commons next session—(hear, hear)—for I think it is to the credit of" our people that though we were much more keenly divided during the split than we are ever likely to be again, no man watching parties in the House of Com mons was ever able to see there was much division amongst Irishmen—(hear, hear) —and whenever one of us was struck at it was enough for his countrymen to know that he was of our blood, and every Irish man, every Irish Nationalist in the House of Commons, stood united upon his side. (Hear, hear). Well, Ireland is not the House of Commons. 