BATHURST Daily Free Press. "Magna est veritas et praevalebit." WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 28, 1896. District Chess. With reference to the recent match be- tween teams representing Bathurst and Mudgee Chess Clubs, it will be remem- bered that the five games unconcluded were referred by the Mudgee Club to the chess editor of the S.M. Herald for adjudi- cation. That " authority " acknowledges, in his last valuable contribution to chess literature, the receipt of the games, and then naively comments on the fact that he has, evidently to hit own surprise, been made the judge in so delicate a piece of work. He writes—" In place of the plan of referring all unfinished games to an ad- judicator, we would suggest, as likely to be more satisfactory, that all games un- finished at the call of time should be con- sidered drawn unless one player or the other can demonstrate a win. It will be found in most games one side or the other has a decisive advantage. In the event of a dispute or one side not seeing its way to admit the demonstration of a win by the other, the services of the adjudi- cator may well be taken advantage of." Now, this gives the Free Press the oppor- tunity, in all humility, of venturing to take exception to the way in which the chess column of the Herald, has been conducted right from its introduction into the pages of the leading journal. The appearance of the familiar diagram in an unfamiliar place was in itself a remarkable proof of the rapidly ex- panding interest in the noble pastime, and it was felt by chess enthusiasts throughout Australia that a very notable advance had been made in the development of a popular love for the game. To the surprise of everyone competent to judge, however, the result of the Herald's experiment has been a complete disappointment, so far as any genuine stimulus to the game is concerned. The brilliant annotations which chess students had a right to anticipate, have been brilliant only in their ludicrousness ; the indications of what is best and soundest in recent inter- national play have been purely second- hand ; " the masters' games " chosen have been, as a rule, characterised by a musti- ness of smell that savours of generations of age ; while the principal reason for the existence of such a department of chess literature,— the report and anno- tation of local games — has been almost neglected. In short, it is time to say that the Herald chess column is a jest when it is not a source of irritation among the best-informed chess players of the Metro- polis. A column which has published a problem that had four black bishops and four black knights on the board can only be esteemed ably conducted by a perversion of terms ; and when the Editor, in one of the two or three instances where local games have been annotatted, calmly suggests that a certain line of play would win a pawn when, as a simple fact, it must lose a queen, chess players may be excused for doubting both his knowledge of the books and his natural iusight into the science of the game. The Free Press does not know the chess editor of the Herald from the ghost of MORPHY or ANDERSEN, or ADAM himself. It believes he is an ex-champion of Tasmania, winning the championship by received odds. If this is so, the Free Press infers that its ex-champion adequately represents the status of the game in the tight little island. With relation to the above extract from the Herald's columns, all we can say is that it supplies the amplest confirmation of our remarks. The adjudication of unfinished games by a competent man is at once eminently more satisfactory in point of sport and more scientific, that a mere draw. And as to " demonstrating a win," merely if there is time to demonstrate a win there would time to play the game out, and thus avoid the necessity for adjudication. We make no apology to the general reader for giving a place in our editorial columns to this matter. Outdoor sport of all kinds, cricket, football, horseracing, have all received free editorial discussion in a thousand journals, and the intrinsic dignity of the splendid game of chess lurely entitles it to at least equal consider- ation with the doings of a gang of pony- racing spielers, or with the achievements of a number of men who tour the world with a bat and ball for gate-money. Chess as a pastime merits the largest body of supporters it is possible to gain. Purely an intellectual game, it educates from the first acquaintance with its moves ; and its ethical qualities are, at least, on a level with its intel- lectual. No chess-player can be a gambler ; take the average of their numbers, and the presence of a drunkard in their ranks is a rarity. Make young people chess players — a simple enough thing to do— and you not only give them a new pleasure and a new joy in life, but you strengthen their intellectual equipment and fit them better for the arduous battle of life. This is one of the reasons why the late development of chess, and its sister game of draughts — almost as soundly educative — in the Western District, has been encouraged by this journal. Our district chess clubs are social factors and should, were their use properly understood by non-chess players, be looked upon as institutions to be multiplied and strengthened. 