The acience of locomotion is the feature of tho age. The nineteenth century came in with tho dawn of magnificent discoveries. It promises to go out in a blnzo of wondrons achievements. Wonder has followed wonder under the impulse of steam, olec- trieity and mechanical invention. Tho common man to-day can press a button and transmit a thrill round the circnm- forcnce of the planet. He can handle forces more powerful than any wielded by the gods of Olympus. Great Jupiter's messengers had to compass sea and land to bring hint tidings. But in our day the shop boy can stop in Collins-street and see the record posted that tells us how Jones has just scattered tho wickets of tho world's cricket champions at the other end of the earth. The housewife can apply her ear at the end of a wire and listen to the saluta tions of her spouse hundreds of miles away. Homer's fabled deities were poverty- stricken in point of power compared with the human race in this fin de siicle. But neither . the great steam hammer that could grind a pyramid to powder, nor the liundrcd-ton-guu tlmtwith one touch of old Nestor's littlo finger might have cleared a breach through all the walls of Ilion, nor both combined, are so surpassing as the methods by- which men have conquered time and spaoe, brought all the ends of the world together/ and in a sense sot up a modified human omnipresence. In tho matter of architectural advance and the control of mechanical power the world seems to have lost almost as it has gained. The men who. built the Pyramids 5000 years ago could- have taught Christopher Wren and Brunei several wrinkles, and the builders of ancient Athens and Rome have bequeathed monuments of their architec tural genius surpassing anything that the present ago is likely to send down, of tho same kind, to poatority. Moreover, the mastery of physical forces which enabled the workmen of prehistoric Egypt to raise ponderous stones 70 feet long out of distant quarries, and which placed them in posi tions hundreds of feet high, is the despair of modern scientists. But in tho matter of locomotion the moderns are Eclipse and tho ancients no where. The best chariots, " splendid and " brave," with which Pharaoh and his glittering host were whelmed in the Red Sea wore little better than a London eostermonger uses nowadays to drive his family on a Sunday afternoon out for an airing. When close carriages wero for the first time invented, in the fifteenth cen tury, it was considered effeminate for men to ride in tliem. The first coach in Eng land was built in 1565 for the' Earl of Rutland. In 1661 a.stage coach occupied two days going from London to Oxford. Travelling by sea a few centuries since was almost as dilatory and comfortless as it was when Ulysses was considered to be a hero for navigating tho /Egean. The pirate lay in wait under tho shadow of every island', and virtually there were no maritime police to capture him. The Hanseatic League itself was as much the outcome of mutual defence against these lurking sea thieves as of anything olse. The Margato packet took a week for an average journey. The time, through calms and contrary winds, was often four days between Dover and Calais. The very first idoa that cventnally blossomed into steam navigation was set forth in a patent obtained in 1736 by Jonathan Hulls for a machine forcarrying vessels against wind and tido, or in a calm. We know that it was only after many attempts that Fulton got his steam vessel to go on the Hudson, and that he had to fight down terriblo prejudices before he could get conservative John Bull to accept the idea of a vessel being driven by any other power than the winde and tides. Now the cost of coal ia a trifle compared with the cost of delay and wear and tear used to be from bafiling elements. Every average steamship afloat is esti mated to do tho work of eight sailing vessels. The voyage from England to Australia, which half a century since occu pied from 80 to 100 days, is now done in 30, and people calculate to a few hours tho arrival of ' a great ocean liner. All these, of course, are the platitudes of the day, hut we do not always appreciate the full extent to which they havo revolutionised tho world as a place to live and think and Bcheme in. When a man steps off these flying, float ing palaces, which have cleft the sea for him With almost tho certitude of an express, he is in the presence of locomotive forces still more wonderful. In the early days of this wonderful century a macada mised road was the highest achievement of the engineers towards transporta tion. Seventy years ago Macadam was a name to conjure with in England. In tho early thirties it was esti mated that tho money owing on tho high roads of England was ahout £320 per mile. How England has iron roads which have cost her £900,000,000, along which people may travel with plenty of elbow room at a pace five times that of the old post chaise. The engines of a single railway company in England aro calculated to run 104 miles every minute — pace enough to compass the entire globe in four hours, and with such perfection of movemont that they would run -twica round the earth with only one hot axle. In this colony we are accustomed to look on thesa English railways as the pink of a perfect management. They have really been just tho reverse of this. The worst Victorian bungles, shocking as they were, have been trifling to the frauds and the follies perpotratcd on- tho British public in the matter of railway dovolop- incnt. Professor Thorold Rogers tells us .in ' his Work, and War/ex that-— " The errors and failures of joint stock "enterprise havo boon incessant and " disastrous. The railway passenger in " England would ho providing ample divi- " (lends to tho shareholders in thoso com- " panics if ho paid a halfpenny a mile in " the most convenient convcynnco had not " tlieso undertakings beon permanently " burdonod and tlioir nominal capital " increasod three-fold by tho blundors of " thoso who projected them, by the rapino of those who gave thcin a legal status, " and by the follies and rccklessnoss of " thoso who havo managed them." This is a fact worth recollecting when it is sought to he shown that Governments dro the bunglers par excellence. Cost, howover, what thoy may, railways have been cconomisors of monoy as well as of time. The express train from Now York to Chicago draws carriages weighing 200 tons 40 miles an hour for 20 hours, and there aro Ratib engines now in courso of being porfectcd which before the close of the contury aro confidently predicted to travel 100 milos an hour. The railways of America aro calculated to havo cost, like thoso of England, £900,000,000, and so badly havo tlioy been managed that 65 per cent, of tliem aro or havo been in liquidation ; and the P.nii-.vr." Cor."""" of the United States is saidto havo sot up an impcrium in inner io in the legislation of tho country. The railways of the United States aro about 180,000 miles in length, and those of all Europe about 150,000 niiles. The value of the world's railways to-day iB counted at about £6,000,000,000, or about onc-tcntli of the total wealtii of civilised nations. All the monoy on oartii is not enough to buy ono third of the world's railways. By this we perceive a littlo how the genius of tho race lias been expending itself . in grappling with the problem of locomotion. It has been done! too, almost irrespective of cost of life. Every year in America 25,000 men aro killed or disabled oil tho railways, as many as fell at Sedan or at Gravelotte, and as many as Wellington lost at AVatorloo. Tliis, liowevor, is but one direction in which tho energy and enterprise of the race is expanding. The balloonist claims to have mastered the air currents as effec tually as the vessel ploughs her way against tho currents of air and ocean, so that tho North Polo is now to be reached, not in a sea ship, but dropped down upon from the clouds. Then we have tho prac tical Mr. Maxim assuring us that tho secret of flying lias been discovered, and Professor Langley corroborating him with a model which is said to havo proved tho fact. As to tho cycle, is thero any known limit which can be fixed to its wonders ? Two men havo already ridden from Bordeaux to Paris in 17 hours, keeping up a sustained average speed, including stoppages, of 21 miles an hour for tho whole distance. No horseman of tho desert ever dreamt of such endurance in either man or beast. But . this, astounding as it accms, pales before the promises of Uib immediate future. An eloctric bicycle is said to have been perfected. "Taking " a wheol weighing 27 lb., Mr. James " O'Brien, inventor of the electric bicycle, "has," says the Westminster Gazelle, "added a battery, motor and switchboard, "which together bring the weight up to 60 " lb. Tho battery, which is knowD " as xthe dry chloride, is the main " part of Mr. O'Brieu'a invention. Its " weight is about- 15 lb., which is considcr- " ably less than anything used in provious " experiments. With this battery a force " can be maintained 'which will carry tho " bicycle over rough country roads, up hill " and down hill, for a period of 48 hours. " The speed of tho electric bicycle is prac- " ticnlly unlimited. It has been tested up " to nearly 50 milos an hour, faster than " which no one has yet dared to try it." One can readily imagine not. But when we contemplate these actual achievements in transportation, and remember the accomplishments of the telephone and tele graph in annihilating distance, it is not too much to say that humanity is making fair approaches to ubiquity. As all the world knows, the artistic tem perament is extremely sensitive. Even in tlie fine arts, which include architecture, sculpture, painting, poetry and music, the emotional natnre of the artist is notorious. But in the actor's art this tendency is excessive, and consequently bis desire for applause and his intolerance of adverso criticism often become exaggerated. Emo tions play a far greater part in the artist's cosmos than ideas, and it is well known that omotions act more powerfully than ideas, because they represent a more violent internal movement and because the wholo system of organic life is moro deeply implicated in their origin, nature and expression. Colonel Mapleson, in his amusing Memoirs, gives many instances of this, as when Mdmo. Scalchi .wont into hysterics and took to a bed of sickness because her favorite parrot died ; and when Mdme. Patti was so annoyed at the applauBe given to Mdmo. Gerster that she threw herself on the ground and kicked and struggled, and it was only with tho greatest difficulty she could he got to bed. The emotional side of tho aetor being in tho very nature of things largely developed, it acquires undue predominance at the ex pense of the higher centres of judgment and inhibition. Besides, the .personal appearance of the actor and actress is a matter of extreme importance, and these good people continue all their lives anxious about their looks— long after tho ago when the vast majority of men and women cense to trouble about their personal attractions. This constant posing before tlie looking glass and cultivation of tho emotions breed vanity, jealousy and intenso egoism, ren dering applause tlie very breath of their nostrils, and criticism more to bo shunned than oven tlie success of a rival. The man of tho world and the biological studeut may laugh at this phase of humanity and point out that it is the sign of childhood or of a savage state to allow the emotional sido of tlie organism to pre dominate over tho intellectual, and that therefore tho development of the actor has been arrested ; but we must not forget that without this emotional predominance the actor would fail altogether and he unable to influence his audience. His life is a perpetual struggle to please his patronB, upon whose approval his bread and butter depends, and this struggle he sharos with tlie theatrical manager, whose main object must eventually be to mako money by persuading tho public tliat tho particular company engaged at his theatre for the time being is the finest in the world and tho play of the night the best ever writton. . It is of course natural that both actors and managers in such circumstances should resent tlie slightest adverso news paper criticisms, hut even from a pecuniary point of viow thoy aro wrong in this, for the public would soon cease to place any rclianco upon incessant laudatory notices, just as they pass over with a smilo tho adulation of a theatrical advertisement. Thelate H. J. Byron spoke truly when lie said — " A comedy is like a cigar ; if it is " good, everybody wants abox ; if it is bad, " no amount of pulling will make it " draw." | : . Times aro vory. mueh changed since Addison described in the Spectator the method of leading tho applause adopted by the Trunk Maker of the Upper Gallery, who used a hammer with monotonous onergy until the rost of the houso began to applaud. In France oven at tho prosont day tho claque is an organised institution, - with departments for tho cncouragemmit of simple applause, laughter, loirs, sobs and recalls. But in olden times, wliilo tl(o astuto managcmenC exerted every offnrtto ovoke " tliundors of applause," tho pit had tho undoubted right to hiss. Nowadays, however, this privilege is so milch cur tailed that any spectator who ventured to signify his displcasuro at an artist would incontinently he removed by tho policomnn in attendance. It is terriblo to contem plate the work which would devolvo upon Mr. Panton woro an audionco liore to follow tho example of ono at Naples, when the tenor was so accompanied with hisses that he snnu bocanic inaudible. Ho had bean cngagod for six performances, and at tliocloso of tho first act. lie canio bofore tlie curtain and asked tho audience to allow liini to (inisli tho opera in peace, when ho would leavo the city. If they continued hissing him, ho warned tliem that ho would continuo singing tho remaining five nights n f his engagement. Even Madame Patti cannot do without applause, and thero iB always an understanding with hor mana ger that sho shall recoive so many stalls, so many boxes, so many plaeoB in the pit and so many in the gallery in order that sho may havo supporters in evory part of tho house, and not loave tho applause even in tlie smallest degree to chance. Theatri cal applause is of course a relativo and not an absolute affair, and depends largely upon tha locality. Thus in Edinburgh, after Mrs. Siddons had thrilled the houso as sho fondly hoped in ono of her most famous parts, she waited for tho customary roar of applnuso. Not a sound, howover, rewarded hor until the voico of a canny Soot exclaimed;' "That's no bad." Vory different was her reception in Dublin, whero she was interrupted in the great sleeping sceno in Macbeth by a vociferous demand for Garryowen. Dazed at this curious method of showing their delight she asked solemnly, " What " is Garryowen ? Is it anything I can do " foryou?" That ingenious philosopher, Mr. Foker, hit the nail on tlie head when he said to Pendennis, " Give thoin a hand, " Pen ; every chap likes a hand." And so they do, whether it bo from the horny fists of the gallery or tlie gloved hands of tlie boxes. " Few actors, liowevor, are as plain spoken as Edwin Forrest, tho American tragedian, who stopped in tho middlo of a scene and said, " You must "applaud or I cannot act a sentiment which Ilonry Irving endorsed with tho remark, " I thoroughly sympathise " with him." On tlie other hand, Macroady declared that ho highly disapproved of tho custom ef calling actors before the curtain. He writes : — "I " was loudly called for at the end of the " fourth act, but could not, and would not, " mako so poor a sacrifice of my art." Would that the same sentiment restrained tlie actors and actresses of tho present day from sidling on to tho footlights because a few employes of tho house mako a noise to onablo tho alleged spontaneous tributes from the florist's, paid for by some simpering Johnny, calculating manager, or even by the fair artists lierself, to be presented in due form ! . . If actors and actresses only knew it, their best friend is the just, but severe, critic. Unfortunately, the vanity and egoism of , the ; players; prq- vent their believing in tho impartiality of anyone who does not praise. An impres sion is sought to bo created among the public that tlio actor is for the timo being the very character which lie attempts to portray. According to this theory he is entirely under tho sway of the omotions belonging to tho part, and his sensitive" naturo is played upon by every word bo utters, as an yEolian harp is played upon by each passing breeze. Tho alleged eon- sequence is that the tones of his voice, his gestures, all in fact that lie docs and says, are the nocessary outcome of tho emotions which rack his organism. Without deny- 'nff, . that in some special cases such an identification of tho aetor with,,, his part is possible, it is certain that in most instances tho actor, remains calm, and only imitates wlmt lie considers likely to bo the inflexion of voice and the gestures of tlio limbs of people actually undergoing the emotions which he simulates. This latter method is obviously mainly intellectual ; and as every member of the audience has an ideal in his mind, his applause must depend, if ho is honest, upon tho nearness of tho delineation of the artist to thiR ideal. . If, therofore, mannerisms or self-consciousness are apparent, tho ideal caitnot bo reached, and tho actor fails to movo tho audience. Tlie question whether tho.artist should be moved by his work or not is as eld as Diderot ; and without going so far as tlio American who asked, " Did " Rosa Bonlieur feel like a, horse fairwhen "she painted, her great picture on that " subject, or did Longfellow feel like foot- " steps on tho sands of time when bo wrote " that line 1" thero ' can be no doubt that very few actors actually identify themselves with their rOlcs. Even tlio great Garrick himself, if wo aro to boliovo Dr. Johnson, was not true to nature. " Would you not, Bir," said Bos- woll, " start as Mr. Garrick dees if you "saw a ghost?" To which tho sago replied, " I hope not j if I did I should "frighten tho ghost." It is tho useful province of tlie critic to point out what he deoms to" bo any failure pn tho part of tlio artist to reach the general ideal ; and on tlie principle that the looker on sees most of the game, his criticism is more likely to be correct than ths puff tart which the Bslf-complacsnt artist would like to forco down tho publie's throat. If tlie player is intolerant of any adverse criticism, ho had better follow old Mrs. Garrick's advice to Kean when alio said, " You should writo your own criti- " cisms ; David always did si." 