? ? •.no w> Ml !I!ion inara r. Hull, from Mil all Messhi: flow, to op, Li.s purse audi sc after ids cash 1) road east ; the I larren face of W .A. and ma ke t he miner hank account-: h 'essoin like a puMiean lle.se at Ninas. \\\ dl think ; ' 'en 1 in.;; • and evei'V •eiie is dig;..;ing [own into II i s tr.i pound or two li speeu late •• It's better t have Loomed raid bust Than never A have boomed at all," sane 1 Tennyson i or somo ot u ev idiot Huii'ev-. big from an at ack of that mevbiu secretion called poetry. Viator's last el't'usion on '' Tlu York Votive)! a. , diet imteei'.s,'' was unirli admired. Kven of pork and lianga.>\><> can breed alie •d patriotism, though what Australia ha t, do with a si(ualihle between lh Uish aggression and aboriginal iioerislmess is mere than a logical brain can und,-;r,stand. We Could raise a regiment of men eii the < hie, //</Iriol if - as long as their wages were pa,id, t.'/( th usiiisi i<\- —while f ile beer lasted, liiu-h's.s on UN: -uni i'i'Ii—when, the pub, was still iu sight ahead of tiieui, and willing to serve anybody else's gUieen and country at the lowest rate of :•.;;,ges, 10per cent.cash down and balance iu three months, as is customary with mining men. Stirred to valour by mariial (mis) leaders in the local sausage wrapper and the usual bibulous sendolf with at the same time, worn speocho.s and bad champagne, the " rigimiut'' would swell with pride till they swelled the buttons oft Freedmaii ^ Co's. cheap uniforms. Imagination staggers at anything more intensely liiuglish and loyal. tSomc excitement occurred to-night when it was found that a stream was running down the channel in the centre of Austin •St. Someone raised the cry that the vats at the brewery had busted. The bars were immediately cleared, and many bellies touched the ground and many head..-: wore dipped iu the rippling fluid. Horrors ! ft was only water, hater it was found that the Cue One mine was pumping six thou »and gallons per hour from the main shaft, the battery dam was bft deep and overflowing and the water iu a running stream was coursing right through the town in a, stream <»0 chains long, ft is supposed that tin; Cue One (.<.;'»[. Co. have olVered to turn the river over into Ceoigardie for J.o,( WO cash. Fuller details later ou.^ A targe and inilucntial (term registered) meeting of ratepayers last Wednesday carried a motion condemning the action of the Korrest Dynasty, the huge woo leu imago with putty legs that sits over the diggers, like a black cloud in a clear sky. forshifiing the liaihvay Station site from its established position to the. other end of town where Monger, Wittenoom and other influential big-wigs own property. The citizens of the place whose interests are mostly atl'ected arc never consulted by those rejoicing in the " insolence of oJlice." "When the Forrest •Tuggernauglit rolls its car along the motto - is £ Stand clear or be crushed," and the wake of the car is strewn with the skeletons of diggers' interests and miners' liop^s ruthlessly mangled by the seven-family fetish in its march of ignorance. Seme day the whole machine will come to a hill side and, like the herd of swine in the Arabian Nights, will ioil headlong in the sj;t of Oblivion and be drowned. Apropos tl c i angaroos that were driven by thirst into the T o, tune of War battery house a few weeks a ;'o, later details have come to hand which shed ;juite an interest over the incident, ft apt ear that after the oldest marsupial in the cro.vd had drank his till of water and tailings and departed, a monkey wrench and a large amount of amalgam were missing. The trackers were put on the trail and about n> miles out the old mail kangaroo was run to earth aiul arrested. The missing wrench and amalgam wore found in his pouch and recovered, and an information laid against him by the police. The case will be heard before the Warden at the next lialf-.piarter sessions, and as all the 2>ower of the law is always invoked in W.A. to convict a prisoner against the Crown it looks blue for the culprit. The. fact of his not having a Miner's bight always prejudices the ruling powers against a prisoner, the 10 bob charged for it being needed badly to help the h'remantle break watci along. Three black trackers were seen chasing up and down the main street to-day. On en- 11 airy as to what was missing, it appeared that a well known mining Expert had lost his "'reputation" and they were endeavoring to trace it. It, was finally tracked into a of':, pot-hole on a barren reef within a hundred miles of Cue on which, the Expert had reported lately. When found it was ipaite cold, still' and dead. An inguest was hold when it wa-i decided that the late owner was much better without it, and that it be decently buried whore it was found, and all the reef in sight placed on top of it to hold it down. The ghost of a busted reputation now haunts the spot, which is shunned by all W.A. Lyre birds (alias Experts) and all chances of a sale of that particular claim are now declared off. A rumour was lately floating round town that the Salvation Army had made an at- tempt to capture control of the St. Patrick's Day sports next 17th March, and that the surplus funds were to be devoted to casing the barracks in tinfoil and putting up a lightning conductor to prevent the _ Deity striking his chosen abode and raising a lump on its back if the architecture should not please him. This report was discredited as soon as a second rumor got abroad that the Uaptists were going to ignore the public and elect their own Committee to run the next October race meeting and apply the proceeds to whitewash and hymn books and it is now understood that wiser counsels will prevail and that the attempt will fall through to mix up religion with tugs of war, Sheffield handicaps and totalisators. .January 31st. Ml!. L. C, Purges draws our attention to some typographical errors in his letter appearing iu last Friday s Express.—"1 found it to be a piece of dark quartz about 4ft. long by oft. wide and :;in. thick.''should read—" 1 found it to be a piece of dark quartz about 4 inches longby d inches wide and ,, inches thick." The heat wave, combined with the cheapness and alluring tendencies of local " shandies," is the'only excuse we can offer on behalf of the unscrupulous " comp" who made Mr. Purges find and bring home in one of his coat pockets, a piece of quartz four feet long and three feet wide. 