|HE GENERALELECriON:. TFIE£? CODRIEU." AXOAILL DHAKB] '{. TEHE-OFPOSMOX IS DEM). ':'| THE MINISTEHIAMBTIS &AB; LABOK SOCLAIFLBTS IITTB. ' BBISBAKE "Friday. die " Courier,** In a. leader dealing with Mr. Duke's meeting states; After listening to Mr. 3. <». DralK'a exposition. of die Opposition liistoiy and policy,. we are indined to think Mr. Powers' disappearance n thj great. though unintentional, service to the colony, ile emote the labor party rwlth a force irUdi be himself mu unable to realise at the time, anil It has atnegerederer since under He Won". His ainml Inld bate the Labor leaden' foolWj ptide, and sflH more foolish sdnsimess: His sudden abandonment #1 ,:&& leadership or tbe Opposition WHB ;Jtonoraf>le and almost necessary Thatabandonment, be it conceded, left 'that party in a pitiful condition ot voUen and defenoetessness, but ne ir«i before today -did the gtasffln neesOf Itspoverty appeal so power (ollf to tba . pnblic -compassion. We now vtiaro tbe case with which the Opposition goes to thecountry; and we ?tie bouud to isay< that nothing In our experience of colonial political crises approaches Hie awtuldestitutlon of the Qneadiinl Opposition In tills crisis. It seems , 4o be utterly Incapable of Jiffiq; itself up .to the occasion and absolutely alms Its opportunity. It 1b the blindest of all exhibitions of parts- feebleness onrecord here. and we are almost tempts to add else «iiere. Tills is the worst; Jet the Oppo (dtion following now justified by the (precedent of its late leader, make haste to efface Itself. We mast look to other circumstances and fataqn to other wen for effective constitutional Oppo- J sltion. This one, If wernust judge It1 by the case it presented last night; owes only one last dnty to itself and - the country. Tlie audience jnitliered to hear a rousing exposition of party poli cy. the trumpet note of battle on the er« of the elections, what It got was the drip. drip, drip of a Ions drawn out funeral eloquence. The electoral atti tude of the Opposltlon.Is to go straight forward. It Is to have nothing to do fifth other parties, and will not recog nise " Independents." but there is a suggest! re silence and softness with regard to the Labor party. The note of indignation In Mr. Powers' Mary borough speech Is absent from last night's deliverance, and evidently the Opposition candidates- are relying, a good deal on the labor vote. The; coin .tiy-atlanfe wDl tloircll to look upon the Opposition as a dead party, and letlt join: Its beloved .ghosts of 1888. The two teal parties. 'irfthreal policies, wrethe MinlsterialistnnDd the labor Socialists. 