BATTISTO MUERTA'S PLOT. AND THE PART THAT PEDRO PLAYED. Rain fell in torrents from the gray-black | clonds; the darkness deepened rapidly, dis pelled at brief intervals by the recurring Hashes of the lightning. In the heart of the storm a little body of English dragoons was sullenly splashing and floundering along the drenched road between Granadilla and Ro'd ledo. They were soaked to the skin and faint I from long fasting, but their gloomy silence j was due to neither ■ rain nor hunger. After a hard-won victory—the famous fight of Talavera—they were retreating before the Erench forces, and this filled them with rage and shame. Beside the grim figure of Sergeant-Major Barton, Lieutenant Trevor was riding with slack reins, leaving his clever mount to pick her own way in the rutty road. "Don't you worry about Wellesley, Barton," ho replied with a merry laugh to some gruff remark of his subordinate. "The man who was too clever for Soult and Victor knows what he is about. Whew! what a peal of thunder—just like artillery on the heights yonder!" ' A trooper galloped alongside and saluted. "Major Bruce wishes a few words with you, "Right. Get on, Swallow !" He spurred his steed into a gallop, and passing file after file of the grey-coated men, he was soon beside | the leader's mare. Major Bruce, who was in charge of the little force, was a man of obstinate and headstrong temper. His _dashing_ valor and bull-dug tenacity, qualities which had gained him his present post at the rear of the retreating army, would have been more valuable had they been supported by caution and strategical power, in which he was sadly lacking. His orders as head of the rear guard were to watch for and report any undue advance on the part of the hostile army that was following the British forces. "Well, Trevor," he said, as the handsome I young subaltern came abreast of him, " we can't be far from tbe little village we noticed on the map—San Marco, was it not?' Send forward a sergeant and a couple of men to find the road and to get news from the first peasants they see. If San Marco is near we will halt there for the night. The lieutenant gave the requisite orders, the troopers appointed pushed on ahead, and the rest of the little cavalcade continued its march. Soon the scouts returned, the sergeant -with a terrified Spanish boy before him in tlie saddle. "The road divides just ahead, sir," he re ported. " There are a couple of houses there, quite deserted, but Dunn caught this little chap in a cow-shed just by, so I brought him back. But he has done nought hut howl and kick, sir." The major, frowning at the small and shriek ing captive, addressed bim sternly in the best Spanish he could muster. " Stop your shouts, you howling brat, and answer, or I will have you shot. How far off is San Marco? Which is the way ? And—no lies, mind, or you are lost—have you seen any Branch soldiers in this part since the last English troops went by ?" The prisoner—a-tiny, brown-skinned dark eyed peasant hoy, perhaps 10 years old—was more terrified than ever by these awful threats. Screaming and gasping with fear, lie could only sob out, "Ah, you will eat me—father said so; you will eat me! Oh, father, father!" ' ■! The crossroads were reached, the band of , troopers halted, and still the child could not or would not answer. The major stormed and raved and shook Ins fist at the hoy—all to no purpose. And the rain fell faster. "Let me try, major," said Trevor at last, and lifting the little captive on his horse trotted a few paces apart, talking soothingly in Spanish to the boy meanwhile. "No, I am not English, my boy," he re peated reassuringly, adding sotto voce "I'm Scotch, though. And I won't eat you. I am going.to take you home. Where do you live ? San Marco ? Ah, I thought so! And what is your name ? Pedro Sceja—that is a fine name, isn't it ?" In ten minutes he had pacified, the lad, and learnt all. that he could tell,, which was not much. San Marco was two miles off on the left road. "Mother" was there. "Mother" worked at some place whose name he could not pronounce, and Pedro had seen no French men. Soon after the troopers trotted into San Marco—a mere desolate cluster- of huts—with Pedro perched on Lieutenant Trevor's horse and chatting merrily of his parents and of the fierce bulls he had seen on the hills. He was released and ran off to " mother," gleefully clasping in his chubby palm a gold coin that Trevor had given him. The troopers were quartered in barns and stables ; the senior officer, with his lieutenant and two sergeant-majors, saw that sentries were posted and troopers and horse3 safely bestowed for the night before making for the filthy little inn, their temporary headquarters. At the inn door they were met by an olive complexioned Spaniard, who introduced him self as Battisto Muerta, steward to Don Miguel de Floras. His master, he explained, had fled to -Portugal—this cruel war had ruined him—but such poor quarters as the Don's house "El Castello" afforded were at the English officer's service. "Better stay here among the men," sug gested Trevor to his chief. "What, in this hole?" retorted the major. "There is not a ghost of a Frenchman for miles ; no one has seen a sign of one. No, I will leave Ensign Fancourt in chari charge here; ho can speak the lingo as well as any of us. We will ride up at once," he said to the steward. "Pardon, but that is not possible, senov," replied Muerta. " The road is very steep and difficult for horses even by day." "Very good, then, we must walk," said the English leader. " And you two men, Barton and Ward, had bettor come too." " Barton, bring my holsters," whispered the lieutenant. Major Bruce took no such precautions. 