?N'IMPOBTE, Bt J. O.B The annual meeting of the New South Wales Zoological Society admitted light into some ob scure places. One point, however, did not stand out quite bo clear as it might ; nor is there much reason, to suppose that it trill erer appear very plain. It is the obvious unwillingness of the Go vernment to act liberally towards an institution which is not alone deserving hut has become indis pensable. And the droll part of the business is the way the Treasury officials appear to set all their spikes on end like a combative hedgehog when approached on the subject. Let me illus trate : Mr. Catlett, the society's secretary, gave £50 from his own pocket, and naturally thought that, on the recognised £ for £ principle, the Treasury folk wonld raise it to the century. But, bless you, when he presented himself for the pair of ponies he found they were in the Consolidated Revenue stable, whose dcor was locked and whose key was lost. Further, that he'd better get off the premises without fuss or 'twould be worse for him. He didn't wait to be told twice, which was by no means singular. Leaving at the door what ever dust he brought on his boots, he vowed that the carnivora might fret and the monkeys fume before he called on another State officer to beg a meal for them. ? * ? * The puzzle that has i a Idled Mr. C. w ith chronic _«Bomnia is, in his own words, ' Why the ' fficials of the Treasury had taken such a 4 down ' on the society.' Yet it is not so very hard, once you look into it properly — once you sit down before it and examine it all round. You remember Mr. Maxted's late report on the colony's charitable institutions — how certain well-to-do people had a regular j ' down ' upon the benevolent asylums because tome of their relatives were, or had been, in them. Now, apply this — but, you've already grasped. At the meeting in question, Mr. Inglis, lately back from his travels, having mentioned some | second and third rate British towns which con tained good zoological shows, added : — ' In Buch a far away place as Calcutta there was to be seen one of the finest collections in the world.' Still, it is but fair to remember that the capital of India is amongst the world's chief cities. Further, that when the supply of animals begins to run j short there's nothing to do but go outside aal ! catch more. Mostly everything, from an ant eater to an elephant can be had for the trapping, which is not the case with poor Australia, whose show of wild creatures cuts but a sorry figure beside that of either the Old World or the New. In the meantime, the question of how little a lion can live upon without losing heart is in a fair way of being solved at the Sydney ' Zoo.' ? * * ? It is sometimes well to go from home, if only to hear the news. The ecclesiastical students of St. Bede's College, Durham (Eng.), rose in a body from the dinner-table and said the meat was un wholesome. A pretty state of things when young people won't swallow what was good enough for their fathers. In such institutions Hie prudent student should reject nothing. At the same time, gulping down all the articles placed upon the com mon table (39 I think) invite? subsequent indiges tion. The assimilative processes of each succeed ing generation appear to be weakening ? Both here and at ' home ' the Valentine bubble appears to have suddenly burst. On the 14th of February no perspiring postmen are now to be seen staggering under fardels of affection done up in sacks. And all because recent juries have de cided that tender valentines mean marriage pro mises. What was long suspected has been proved at last— Cupid and Stupid are twins. . . . The Infant Board Schools of London are to be supplied with pianos, so that babies may suck one hand and play five- finger exercises with the other. Socialism can't be far off ? The Yankees are to the fore again, this time with a clock on . whose face, when 10 strikes, the warning ' Time to go home ' appears like a bandage over a damaged nose. Depend upon it, if there are girls in the house, that clock will eat its head off in re pairs ? With considerable eclat the 350th anniversary of Luther's death has been ob served in Germany. And to think of the millions that lament his ever having seen daylight. With considerable truth and a fair amount of bitterness it is said that the world saw but one Christian — and Tfim it crucified . w . . A doctor has succeeded in photographing his brain. It is not pleasant to dwell on the disappointments that are sure to follow on similar experiments. .... A. fundamental change appeals to have come over the African Dervishes. Instead of, as heretofore, dancing themselves, they've entered into engage ments to make other people dance. It is probable, however, that, on the appearance of the British . column at present bent south, they may be in duced to return to their original role. .... Two kings and their consc?As Attended the Kiama centenary fetes — Mickey of Kiama and Billy of Jervis Bay. The characteristic of their prattle and flimr persons on the occasion might be set down as pungent. Even the famous ' ghost,' although over 20 years laid, found the revelry in their neighbourhood to be wild and high. * * * * Writing to the Herald, Mr. George Hie ques tions whether whites will ever thrive in tropical Australia. Drolly enough, it would seem that both there and in the sub- tropical portions as well it is the males that become weedy and lethargic. The ladies remain as active and energetic as ever — develop, in fact, additional activity and energy. How singular are the idiosyncrasies of man's con sort ! Or under arctic snowH or fierce equatorial heats her restlessness is ever on the alert for fresh channels. Be sure that should Dr. Nansen reach the Pole and find an Eskimo snow-house in the vicinity, there will be a flat- faced' female in br ? ' bosing ' the wigwam. * * 4 ? And in advocating the introduction of coloured folk into the North Mr. Pile does not regard with kindliness the terms 'inferior' or 'alien' as applied to some Asiatic peoples. He asks: 'Is it wise to exclude from these shores of Australia the -vigorous civilised races of Northern Tnriin, Afghanistan, and the Euphrates Valley ?' Ethno logically, no doubt, the T^iirlisbmnn^ the Afjpjianr. the Hindoo, and various others belong to the same Aryan household. But such ages have gone by since they told fairy tales over the same ingle that ' they are now as if they never drove their flocks afield from the same fold. He further mentions the height to which the Arabs raised Spain. This is well shown, if I mistake not, in Buckle's history. Places at present sterile and deserted blossomed as the rose under the Caliphs. The progenitors of the pushing artistes who seized and Bold a British crew off the Barbary coast last week covered the billg of Cordova with olives and her valleys with grain, besides freckling the face of the land with palaces. But, once the Peninsula spewed them across the Straits, they went steadily down, till to-day they're about as choice a lot of scoundrels as any to be found in that nest of thieves, Northern Africa. After all, a nation's superiority or inferiority depends in these days on powder and Bhot, as formerly on steel. With a Soman governor in Athens the Greeks might continue to despise the Western barbarians, but they had to obey them. And if the Japs overran Australia to- morrow, why, it is to be feared that we'd be the inferior race. Likewise that we'd not be suffered to forget the fact for want of an occasioned reminder. It is all a ques tion of who has the most guns and the most men to handle them. The objection to the Asiatic as a colonist is not based on our assumed mental or physical, or even moral, superiority. It lies a good deal deeper, and it will be a bad day for Australia, either tropical or temperate, whem her statesmen or her people ignore it. * * * * The critical gruel served up to Mr. J. C. Neild, poet and M.P., has driven him to stirabout. Byron, in his famous satire — there are lines in it blistering as any Juvenal ever penned — got more than evan with the superior person who observed, ' This will never do,' and with many others. Mr. Neild gave ub no ' Austral Bards and Sydney Reviewers.' He flattened oat the censors in another way — i.e., by means of a public meeting, with Sir George Dibbs for chairman. The latter modestly disclaimed any title to the rank of ' poet ' — prose was good enough for him. At the same time, he was severe on those anonymous hacks who air their ineptitude ' hy yapping at the heels of talented public men whose boots (when they had any) the said scribblers were unworthy to shine, let alone untie. He likened Mr. Neild's position to that of Marie Corelli, whose latest work, ' The Sorrows of Satan,' while supplying some very fair reading, affords a good illustration of what may be said on the wrong side of a subject with both of whose sides the author is unacquainted. * * * * Then came Mr. Neild's turn. He was mordant and no mistake. He believed with Disraeli (Eng land's Premier, bnt non-premier novelist) that critics were persons who'd ' failed in literature and art.' The greater the failure the harsher the dawplucker, much as bad wine makes the best vinegar. Beaconsfield's epigrammatic estimate, by the way — like many other of his flashes — was coeval with the Creation. It was through his unhappy penchant for fault finding that Luci fer fell. No sooner did the young-eyed cherubim commence tinkling than the Morning Star started twinkling till the doorkeeper landed him outside. ' It is just possible that if all the London critics were stood up in a row in Hyde Park England would hold her Bides at the bare contem plation of such an array of motley. I've been a critic myself, and can honestly say that if all of us Sydney backbiters were emptied into Macquaric-street with brass plates like aboriginal monarchs to ' place ' us, Mr. Neild wonld be amply avenged for any little inconvenience we've caused him. We'd be at each other's throats before the exhibition was half over. One of the few points on which there might be a semblance of agreement amongst us would be the allbut universal opinion that as a subject for poetry the pack-horee is but an indifferent success — especially when he's dead. It is buta poor excuse for Mr. N. to say that he had to make the best of the materials at hand, just as Wellington in the Peninsula had to do what he could with the eyesores in the way of recruits sent him from home to tackle Soult. Were there not plenty of indigenous and active mammals in the country who would gladly lend themselves to metre if they thought there was anything to be got by it ? Poetic justice has never yet been done the wallaby, ihe wombat, the ornithorynchus, and scores of others that might be named. Not another verse should be read or received till these inoffensive creatures get fair play either from Mr. Neild or from some of his tuneful brethren. Next to writing poetry,- the most melancholy thing in the world is defending it. Still this love of offspring is a wise law of nature ; and I, for one, honour the Paddington member for the demonstration he made in defence of the mitherlesB bairn whom the Sydney press wolves, in accordance with their repulsive instincts, were but too eager to rend. 