AN ADELAIDE GHOST CAPTURED [Br ELECTRIC TKLEOBAFH.] ADELAIDE, May 29. AT the Police Court to-day a man named A. Rudd was charged with unlawfully disguising himself with a piece of white cloth, therefore beiDg deemed to be an idle and disorderly person, on the night of Cth May. Thos. Meddal, the principal witness, stated that he was on his way home when he noticed a figure in white emerging from the West End ccmetery. As the figure approached him he heard a voice saying, "Thomas Meddal, I claim yon." He answered, " Take me then," and etruck the figure with a stick which he carried. The ghost closed with him, and in the scuffle that followed the sheet was disar ranged, and Meddal identified the ghost as Ruad. Defendant was fined SA 5s, including COBtS. FRUIT TREES.-Any person requiring Fruit or Ornamental Trees, Vegetable or Flower Seeds, from Shepherd and Oo.'s Darling Nur sery, Sydney, can be supplied at Catalogue Prices by sending orders on or before 10th June, to EDWARD STEPHENS, Gore-street, Warwick.* DEATH AT A PICNIC.-An awfully sudden death occurred at Picnic Hay, Magnetic Island, Townsville, on Suuday last. Charles Milncr was spending the day there with a couple of friends, and after partaking of a hearty meal lie went into the sea to bathe. When iu about 3ft* of water he fell down, and on being brought to land was found to be dead, death being due to synenpe. The de ceased, who was a clerk in the employ of Messrs. Johnson and Castling, leaves a widow and one child. A NEW iNsecr PEST.-Au iusect like the flea is devastating the lucerne fields in South Australia. The farmers who have been eaten out by the flea predict that it will eventually destroy every lucerne field iu Australia. It is spreading fast, and unless prompt meas ures are taken to deal with it this new form of iusect pest will overrun the couutry. The peat is exceedingly prolific, and multiplies amazingly. The best remedy wheu the flea appears is to scatter straw over the spot and put a match to it. THE GRAIN TRAFFIC xtf VICTORIA.-A tele gram from Melbourne, dated May 20, states that the failure of the grain harvest owing to drought, and the consequent loss of all the wheat export traffic, has been a serious blow to the railway revenue. The records of a day's work show ihat in 1862 the department handled 20,700 bags, which rose to 40,830 b*ga on Jauuary 1, 1894. That day contributed to a record week's loading, which was 241,020 bags. This season the best day gave ouly 23,120 bags, which, with one exception, is the lowest record day for 16 years. The largest loading for a single week was in the week ending January 23 last, when the department railed only 114,748 bugs. Taking the season from January 1 to May 31, the quantity of wheat carried in 1891 was 2,418,005 bags, in 1802 it declined to 1,001,313, after which it rose to 12,591,270 bags in 1895. Hut this year's loading down to May U is only 940,130 lings. The loss iu freight amounts to about £120,000. DR. JAMESOK'6 SWASHBUCKLERS.- From our | English exchanges we learn that some of Jamc* I son's troopers, and other South Africans " at home" on thn spree, have been going a trifle too i# large" lately. Attired in the more or less picturesque remnants of their South African uniforms, which are no more suitahle i for the Hnglish climate than they are for the capital town, of the world, they have been exhibiting themselves freely and proudly in the drinkiug bars of music halls in Fleet- street, and in the vicinity of the Stock ISxchanuc. A hero does not look his best cither IQ an incfp|otit or advanced st^ge of intoxication, and the conduct of thcBe rather foolish youngsters will do much to diminish the enthusiasm which many Englishmen still feel with regard to their exploits in the Trans vaal territory, Que does not like to remember that the Mgallant little force" consisted of ne'er-do-wells who had left their country for their country's good. J.t is laughable to son these African bounders '. with !enj all on" strutting through the crowded thoroughfaroa of London on a cold wintry day, in a Urge sun* downer hat and khaki regimentals, followed by i*n intensely critjoal and adtnjriug crowd of siifall boys. Iferoea are in demand just at present, en4 certain ingeuious persons h*vc stepped iu with an ample supply of thp article ready to hand. There nfo more feltrhatted, high-booted individuals now .' working" the publichouses ot Loudon thun ever saw Itrugcrs dorp, and some interesting details have been supplied showing how the bminess is aon. ducted. A complete South African costume is furnished by a theatrical firm tor the trifling sum of 17s Cd a day, and the sham trooper makes hie profit partly by raising small sub scriptions, and partly " iu Lind"-if this ex. prcsslon may bo applied to whisky. O. H. UvjiKR, Merchant Tailor and Importer, 1 and 2 Celtic Chambers, George- street, Brisbane (three doom from Queen-Afreet), has Just landed a choice nclectlon of Screen and West of ISnglanri Goods, uniiBMlng of tho finuit qualities in Coating, Suiting, and Trouserings. Thcasiortmont nlso hicludos n von flue range of 1'uro Inditro HCKW, suitable for the coming season. Patterns and tiaH-muosurcmcnt Forms sent on application to any part of the colony* A separate Cutter for oach gar moot. Gloved at X o'clock on Saturdays.* 