A GREAT CONTEST. — ♦ ? THE FIGHT FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP, A SPORTING- BATTLE. 'NUNQTJAM DORMIO ' t. THE WHITE HAIRED BOY, (SrsoiAMT FOB THE DAILT NEWS.) For some considerable time past a great amount of newspaper talk has been going on between the celebrated heavy-weight, 'Nunquam Dormio,' and. the ambitious, though somewhat slenderly built,'White-haired Boy,' tho Government pet. The friends of each havo watched with no little interest the defi's the pair have been regularly hurling at each other, bnt even in their wildest dreams, not even the fondest followers of the world-renowned couple ever anticipated it would end otherwise than in the usual pugilistic fashion— wind. That thoy would come to blows and finally wind up in tho good old English slyle, with a regulation four-round contest, Marquis of Queens bury rules, was a consummation, no matter how dovoutly to bo wished, that came with a remarkable suddeness and as a gleam of joy in this great wilder ness of Perth. Though tho police were not notified of the fight for the championship, the general populace appear to have become acquainted with what was going on be hind tho scenes, and the business people with a view of marking the memorable evont as a Grand Gala Day, and one of general rejoicing, closed their establishments and dismissed all their employees, who, decked in the daintiest of wearing apparel, wonded their way towards tho tryating ?ground. Here an immense conconrao of people had excitedly gathered aroiiud tho roped arena, in eager expectation of witnessing a contest that would shortly be the one great universal topic of con versation all over tho habitable globe or at least wherever tho English language was spoken. Preparations for the fight were of the most elaborate character, and reflected the greatest credit on all concerned, but the principals had not yofc arrived. The assemblage wero not kept long in suspense, for a cheer from some of tho toddling youngsters present resulted in the populace glancing to the spot iudi catod,catching sight of theWhito-haired Boy coming full pelt down the Blope of tho hill in a perambulator, unassisted, Almost immediately the ' Gee-up-woa , Monarch,' followed by several sharp though tremendously loud whip.cracks, proclaimed to the smiling morn that tho bullock team laboriously plough, ing through tho sand had tho cole, brated ' Nunquam Dormio ' on board. Arrived at the ring sido the parti sans of both parties cheered lustily and tho contestants stripped, and with their seconds entered tho ring, hos tilities beginning at once. As they shook hands and eyed each other, tho close observer could not but bo struck with the fierce, bitter glare of deep and deadly hatred that shone from out the oyes of each— it could be seen at a glance that both were out for business and a rich treat was in store for thoso at tho riug sido. Jumping back at tho call of ' Time I' tho White-haired Boy skipped gaily about as his burly opponent gradually bored in, but from tho remarkable agility of the Infant, failed to do any damage. Presently the White-haired Boy liko a flash sent his left on the journoy, tho blow however landed on one of tho posts doing . duty at ring side — the aim was inaccurate, but the blow dealt sudden death to a huge fly that had assembled to witness the contest, Eound Two discovered tho heavy weight with 'bellows to mend,' and tho Govornment Pot with both arms hanging listlessly over the ropes, pale as a ghost. Eouud Threo was opened by the cries of tho populace suggesting that tho White-Haired Boy get a sledge-hammer and a ladder, one rude boy suggesting that tho military authorities be sent to for a cannon. Bloodshed and a lot of othor things woro prevented by tho kindly services of the time-keeper. Round Four.— Tho White- haired Boy dashed in at once, but was met with a straight drive from tho heavy-weight, which sent tho Pot high up into the air and out over tho heads of the crowd. Nothing daunted, tho little fellow, though no match for his burly oppo nent, rose to his feet, and with the sand sliding down his back, returned to the onslaught. But alas ! Nunquam reached tho point, tho lifeless little lump of humanity, tho Government Pot, alighted on tho roof of the ho arse that was in attendance, and the heavy weight was, amid muoh cheering, hailed the victor. Thus ended a memorable contest, that should never have been allowed to take place, tho Pot being no ruatoh for the big fellow. 