^ gQHOES AND RE-ECHOES. "C&HSCIEHG;& DOES MAKE COWARDS ; ^ OF OS ALL." BEING AN ELECTION KVE DBEAM. {BT Mopoke.) With apologies to Shakspeare and Richard HI. Some: Committee-room of a certain Ministerial candidate. ■ - \ " Enter a Premier, followed by several of bis fellow Ministers. Pre.: What o'clock is it ? Ch. See.: It'ssupper time, my Chief; It's twelve ■ o'clock. . Pre.: I'll anp but small to-night. Give mesomebread and cheese. . My mind is easier than it was. Are my committeemen alert? Ch. .See.: They are, my Chief, and confident to boot. Pre.: Good Treasurer, hie thee to thy charge, Use careful watch, choose good and trusty scru tineers. Treat.: Igo, my Chief. Pre.: Keep skinned your eye to-morrow, gentle Treasurer. Treat,: Ton bet your life, my Chief. Pre.: O'Loughlin. O'Louah.: Sir. Pre. : Send out a messenger of Irish blood To aU the Catholics, and bid them vote With all their numbers, early in the day, Lest, I perchance, fall into the dark cave Of dread defeat. (To Min. of Educ.) Bring out the streamers soon, See that my touts are loud and not too drunk. Glllen. OH.: Good Chief. Pre.: Saw'st thou that leader in The Register, dealing with all mv past. And threatening disclosures nndesired? OU.: This morn the friendly Press a leader had Praising thy worth, and bidding voters use Their utmost power to place thee of the poll Upon the top. Pre.: So, I am satisfied. Give me a lemon squash. I have not that Lightness of spirit, nor the lively cheek That I was wont to have. I'd be alone. [Exeunt all but Premier, who lies on a table, • which creaks audibly. Re deeps. Ghost of enfranchised women arises. ] Ghost: Let me sit heavy on thy chest to-morrow, Think not that womankind so shallow is As to forget thy past deeds and thy life; Thou, who opposed our 'franchisement until It seemed good policy to grant it us. Then turned. Despair therefore, and fear defeat. [Ghottof Savings Bank Confiscation BUI arises.] Ghost—When I before the House was well dis cussed, And found unneeded by the populace, You, for that you were smarting 'neatb defeat, \- Evolved the present State Bank in my stead That they yon would assist with others' gold Might have a sbad'vry semblance of tbeir wish, Which worse than useless is and less than nought. The State Advances BUI bids thee despair I" Ghost of village settlements arises.] Ghost—Throughout the many muddles thou hast made, None for a righting call so lond as we. Thou hast abused th' intent of Parliament Which made us possible, and wasted more Than all the good we might have done is worth. To-morrow in the conflict think of ns, And fall from thee tby power. Despair and fail. [Ghost of the late Hospital Board arises.} Ghost: Dream of thy usurped and misased power. J.et us lie lead upon thy bussom, Charles, And weigh thee down to ruin, shame, defeat. The late Board's insults bid thee fear the poll. [Ghost- of New Zealand Treaty arises.) , Ghost: The treaty tbon pretended was for good Of the producers, whom it would have harmed, With perturbations now thy sleep makes full. To-morrow daring voting tnink of me, And on thy cherished power grow loose thy grasp. Despair t [Ghost of Innumberdble Blvffs arises.) Ghost: Remember ns to-morrow in the fray. We will be active in the minds of men, And whisper of thine insincerity, To injure thee and bring about defeat. [Ghost of Sir John Colton arises.) Ghost: The first was I to help thee into power, Among the last to feel thy tyranny; Oil! in the battle think thou of Colton, And faint in fear at thine ingratitude. Dream on, dream on of bluffs, deceits, and pride. Painting, despair—despairing, yield thy power. Premier awaking. Pre.: Give tne your votes. Ble'ct me I'll be true Have mercy Heaven! Soft, I did but dream. Oh; coward conscience how dost thou afflict me, Cold, fearful drops stand out npon my flesh, What, do I fear myself? There's none else by. Premier loves Premier. That is I am I. Is there a traitor here? No. Yes, I'm one. Then fly. What from myself? Not very mucb. I love myself, and will do all man may To please myself, and of myself speak well As hereto I've done. Yet I do flatter. My conscience hath a thousand several tongues, And every tongue brings in its several tale, And every tale condemns me for a timeserver. Promises broken almost as soon as made, Bluff after bluff passed off upon the House; Bullyings, abusings, and threatening* Throng to the bar crying all—Guilty! guilty! I shall despair. There's no creature loves me, And if I fail no soul will pity me. Nay, wherefore should they, since that I myself Find in myself no pity for myself? [Enter Coekburn.) Oh! Coekbprn, I have dreamed a frightfni dream. Coekburn: Nay, my good Chief, be not afraid of shadows. Pre.: By the Apostle Paul shadows of truth. Mure fear may cost—none can this deny Than twenty thousand shadows of a lie. 