' n-'--.-7'.;; -the .v: '"--l Prp|gpeliiti ' "" NOir FIRST rUBLIskEB; By Mrs. Hungerford, Author of "Molly Bawn," "Ludy Branks- roore," " The Duchess," " A Horn. Coquette," "The Red Huuso Mystery," fco. "alp ttueensland niaux! hesehvj!d.J CHAPTER XXIII.— ( Continued ) , 'It wasn't so much tlint,' says alio. 'Though,1' . anxiously, . 'Jiicky - ex aggerated most tlrcadiully. , As to my objecting to ;thoii' teasing mu ; about James M'Ilvcagh-7ryou havo. not -seen him, or-you would understand ino bettor. It is not only thut he is uninteresting; but that lie is awful ! Ilis iioHo ia liko an olepluint's trunk, hnd;his pyes'-iirq it's small us tlio. hciid of ii' pin. ' And Ilia clothes— his trousers-I don't , know wlioro liq got ; his: trousers, hut D0111 used to say his mother made them in hcr.spiiro moments, Not that ono, would care about u. person's trousers, of course,' says Susan, with intense curnbstnoss, 'if ho was nice himself, hut James wusn't nice, -and I whs hover more glud in my. life than when he wont'iitwtty.' ' Dlc!s coming' hack, however.' . ' ' Yes, I know, und I'm. sorry for it, if thoy iiro going to toiiso 1110' till day long abtfut him, 11s' tlicy are doing now. I think,' with a: hasty gluneo at, him, horn of tho fnet that she knows her eyes nro disfigured by crying, 'you might havo tried to stop them;' ; 'Well, you soo, I hardly knew what to do at first,' says Crosby, quite enter ing- into tho argument. ' And when I did it was a ilittlo too late. .'"Of course,.' it seemed to., mo a very pos sible thing that you might have givon your heart to this young man .with the nose and tho unfortunate trousers, who is stowing in the Soudan.' ' You might have known by my manner that I lmted' them to tenso 1110 about him,' Rtiys Susan, very little appeased by liis apology. 'I'll know, better uoxt time, says Crosby, humbly. ' Hut when I heard ho had boon following you about liko a baa-lamb, and tliut you liud, taken that anchor from him, and thut ho used to, ' Ho is checked by a flash from Susan's eyes. There is . a. pause. Then sud denly she, presses her fuee.into Ronnie's flaxen hair, und hurst into smothered laughter.. : ' Well, I don't caro. Ho. did — once. All round tho gooseberry bushes, and 'I threw a spado at him, and it hit him on tho head, und I thought I had' killed him. . . I,' with anothor glance at Crosby, now from botween Bonnie's curls, ' was dreadfully frightened then. But' now I almost wish I had. Any tvuy, ho uoyoi' tried to — ho never, I mean,' confusedly, ' limited 1110 again.' 'I begin to feel sincerely sorry for James,' says Crosby. 'Ho seems to me to have loa but a sorry life before ho stnrtedfor the. Soudan. Wlionho comes lioiuo next year, what will you do? He may ho quito ' — ho looks . at her and .smiles— 'a mighty'' hunter by that time.' : Susan laughs. 'Like you,' says slio.' Crosby looks at licr. It is a ready answor aud with another might convoy a certain meaning, but with Susan never. . 7 ' ' ' . ' Ah, I'm afraid of gooseberry bushes,' says ho. ."l'hoy luivo thorns in them. .Tunics; you soo, sufpussos mo in valour. Talking of valour reminds 1110 of those you liavo loft behind you, and who have sent nio hero us their plenipotentiary, to extract from you a promiso of peace. Thoy aro all very sorry thoy annoyed you so much about tho redoubtable James ; und thoy desired inc to say so. I was afraid to como by myself, so I brought Bonnie with mc. Bonnie ! toll lior to come back with mo now; nnd say " l'cuco is restored with honour." . ' Say 'it for licr, Bonnie.' ' Peace is rostorcd with honour,' re peats Bonnie, sweetly. ' Thoro, that settles it,' snys Crosby.' 'Ho knows his lossou. So do you; como hack and forgive us all.' 'Oh, I can't,' says Susan. 'Thoy would know I lind boon crying. Look ut my oyos; thoy tiro quito rod.' 'Thoy nro not, indeed,' says Mr. Crosby, nfter nn oxhaustivo examina tion. ' Thoy nro quito bluo.' . . > ' , ' Oil, yes, that, of course, ' impntiontly, ' But, well— really,; how, nro thoy .?' SI16 leans towards him, and gnzos at him out of tlio bluo oyos with- tin extraordinary calm; ' Would thoy know I liad |ioon crying?'. 1 Thoy would not,' says Crosby, 'It is I ulono who am in that soorot. -,And, by tho wuy, Susan,' stopping her qs thoy both rise ; , ' tlint is the second Bccrot wb havo botween us,; wo aro bo- coming quito fosliionablo — we- are grow ing into a sooioty, you nnd I.' I wish you would forgot 'that first secret,' says Susan, blushing fa: little. 'And, anyhow, I -hope you won't toll tho others that you found me — you know— orying.' ' All, that makes mo rbmombor our. firat soorot,' soys Crosby. ' You. know that on that novor-to-ho-forgotton momordblo occasion you , said you trusted mo !'. Did I- ?' Susan is blushing furi ously now. ' How can I- con' recollect all tho silly things I snid then; I havo forgotten, them all— and I'm- sure you havo too !" ' Not ono of thom,' Bays Crosby. ' Thoy nro now classed with my most priceless memories. "Go '.rind stoal no. moi;o, " you'snitl— and .I havon't ..up ito'this.' / Siisari laughs in, ,spito of "-herself.- 'Well,, at , nil , events . I can - trust you then, not ..to. betray.. me to thom — — ' Sho points to tho lute tomplo of hor tears. 'You oan trust mo for that or any thing olso in tho- wido world;" 'said Crosby. 1 He takes up Bonnio again; and thoy go slowly , buck to the others. CHAPTER XXIV. ( " So bnahtatcarin Boauty's oye, ,1 ' Love.hnlfiWgrots to kiss it dry;". - As/ Susan - appears; the guilty ' onea ' . upon the-.-. tennis., '.ground; movo simul- tnneously towards her. : - Botty, with' ri ' ''shy littlo rushi and holdpig' out to lie? herracuet 1 \- ' Como; and havo another game; Susan; and you, .too, Mr;':Crosby.'-, v ... 1;',1Yes,:dq,' says Curew. .,„J Tea vill.be lieroiri A'jihbmWt.Hbj'mndiimtiy' holds this'"out n3 rin inducemeiit 'to 'Cruqby to rcfiiuiuV ' Mr7 jPitqgerald nobly 'briekB liiui rip. k;;-,. l; Al8o7Aunt ; Jemima !!," bc . says, ,oh- thuBiustically. , ' Tlxis'joko, if it is. meant for one, is a dead .failure ! No ono cyon smiles. Susan,; who is feeling- a. little shjy nud is horribly conscious - tl'mt in spite - of Crosby's assurnucos licr eyoB uro. u: very toll-tulo .colour,, is .fighting with her brain for somo light, airy, - amusing l-ouiark 'that may prove to all; present that she had only run qway from thcin in . nioi-o search of physical exorcise— when suddenly the rather; foreitd srailo dies upon hor 'lips, tuid licr oycs'beeoino fixed on some- object over tlioro on hor right. ' What is it, Susan ? \ A: ghost ?' ; asks Dom, who is equal to. most occasions. , .-.''No;' hu-s .Susan, . in a .low voice. 'But— this is tho .-'third- time. Aud — look" over thoro — at .tlint . Bycnnioro tree . in the Cottugo garilon. Do you soo any thing ?' -. y ' "'See what? "Is there visions about?'" asks Dom. 'Really, Susan, . you ought to eonsidor our uetves.. Is it tho " Bogie Mail," or ' 'It is a girl,' says Susan. ' There, thoro again ! Hor face is botwoon those two big branches.-. Mr; Crosby,' -eagerly, ' don't yon see lior ?' . : I do,' crieB Ctirbw;; suddenly. 'Oh!, what a lovely face !' ' It may he rcmomhurod that the rec tory and the Cottugo tiro only divided by 11 nai-rbw fqad 'und two high; walls. . At tho farthest end of the Cottugo grounds soiuo toll trees are standing— a beech, two elms, and a sycamore. All these uprbiif themselves well ahovo the walls, and enst their shadows in summer ami their leaves in winter down on tlio fond bqnouth. '.Thoy can be distinctly scon from tlio rectory tennis court,' and indeed add a good doal of cbarni to it, tbo road being so narrow,- and tho walls so; much of a height, that strangers ofton think tho tress on tlio cottugo lawn uro actually bchmging to tlio rectory. Yes, .1 sou .too,! says Crosby, leaning forward. ' Yes, yes,' cries Betty. ' But is it a' girl?' . ' : , And now a little ; silcnco fulls upon .thom. . Over there, -peeping out botwoon tlio loaves 'of tlio soft sycumoro tree, is u face. Thoro is nothing to tell if it ho a boy's or a girl's- face, us nothing can ho soon hut tho ; shapely head. And its soft abundant trusses of chestnut hair nro.- so elosoly drawn-buck into iv knot behind thut thoy uro'; , hidden by. the crowding bi-anbhos. Tho oyos uro gloam ing, tho lips slightly parted. So might a- Hamadryad look, pouring through swayingleavos. , 'It's tlio prisoner,' says Jaeky, in an awo-struck tone. ' ' The apparition, you moan,' corrects Mi1. ' Fitzgerald severely; ' 'Prisoners as a rule luivo bodies, ispooks havo none ; Jaeky, you lucky creature, you have seen 11 ghost.' 'Is it a hoy or a gh'l ?' asks Betty, in iiu anxious- tone. ! 'A -most pertinent question,' snys Pitzgcruld, who is taking tho situation with anything hut the seriousness thnt is so . evidently .dejugqded of it. But, . ns I have before remarked, there, is 110 body to go by, and naturally no elothes. It is therefore uumiswcrublo.' Crosby hnssnid nothing. He is indeed deeply occupied with the fnec. So tins is Wyiidhum's tenant. A very lovely one. 1 Again a slight doubt arises - in his mind about his friend. And yet Wynil- liarn hail seemed thoroughly honest in his explanation. ' I know it's a girl,' says Susan with doeision. ' Jaeky has seen her; und what 'a pretty one. Oh ! thoro; she's gone.' And,, indeed,, the Hamadryad, us if hecouiing suddenly conscious of tlic fact that thoy aro looking at her, draws hack her head and disappears. ! I'm afraid slio saw us,' says'Susim coutritoly. 'She must luivo thought us very rude. I'll ask futher to let nio call on hor, I think. Slio nuiBt ho vory lonely thoro. And oven if hIio is 'only Mrs. Moriiirty's niece, still sho must havo been educated to mako lior look liko that.' ' Perhaps,' snys, Crosby, speaking with apparent .eurelessnoss, and looking direct at Susan. ' Sho might not liko to he called .upon. I huvo been givon -to understand that ' sho is not a nieco of Mrs.Moriarty's, ,und — — r ' ' N 0— but what tlion ? ' asked Cnrow. 'A tenant of Mr. AVyndhnm's. Ho is a i friond . pf , mine, ,you .know. . And -lie told me lately ho -had grown very .tired of tho Cottage,' and was willing to tnko a' tenant for it'. This lady is, I prbsumo, tho toninit.', I Tho morq reason why wo' should call upon- bar, '..says Susan; , - . . 'But isn't slio- very young,! says Botty, 'to bo a tenant- all by herself ?' ; This- startling suggestion' creates a slight pause. , 7 : ' 7, ' 'To bo yoiing is not to ho'beyond' misfortune,' says Crosby,, at last, in a grovd rind very genqrul tone. ' No ' doubt tliifi young lady lias lost her frithor and mother, . taifi. is obliged to— r or— kIo. without thom>! This is distinctly lame. ' Poor thing,' snys Susan, sympatliotio- nlly. 1 7 ' AVo might ask her ovor hero somo- tiinos,' says, Crirow. 1 ' . . ' But if slio has lost lior parents latoly,' puts in Crosby, hastily, ' sho; . might— perhaps— ,ono should not ovon . with ' tlio heat intentions force oneself upon pooplo in sucli doop griof as here—' , ' Slio wasn't in .mourning, anyway,' says- Botty, who can - always toll you to' a pin what rinyono is wearing, ' Sho had a little bluo bow noar hor neck,' . ! Crosby recovers from thiB blow with difReulty. . . ,7 ' , . ' ' At all' ovontsi' 'says 'ho, ' I. havo'; hoai-d through AVyndhani that sho do-, sires pnvuoy nt present. . No doubt' : when sho fools equal to roeoiving visitors slio will' lot us all know !' ' '.No douht;' says Dominick, who" has boon studying.- Mr. .Crosby 'elosoly, and with.covort amusemojit,; ! i , 77- , ; .' I'll; ask : Mr'. AVyndhnm - about/hqr,-' ; sqys Susiui. ;' f I ' think she would "he happier , ' if .. slio: could ; toll, '.. about ; hqr ; sorrow.:;. Ono-7 should-. bo i reusodl- ifrom1 jibqir; griefs; father: says.' And'.rqyrin'if out of - mourning — I didn't boo any bluo; boWj' -Botty — still,- 1 am sure- she .must- bo saa at heart.' . ' ' ' . -" ' AVoll, consult your father about it.' says Crosby,- as a- 'last 'resource. : In spito of his afEcotiou-ior AYyndham ho! had doubtB about his tonont. At this point Jano appears, bringing a trajr, on: which lire cups and saucers, tea-pot and cream ewer,' soiuo' bread and butter mul - sponge eiiko, Susan ; liad spent tbo . morning uuikiug tho . sponge eako on: tlio elianco 'of - Miv Crosby's coming. 'Thoy lind decided in conclave that it would" be. better to luivo, ton out liero 011 tho 'pleasant grass (though there is no table 011 wliioli-to put tho trey),; rathorthrin, tho small, and rather ,6tiiScy drnwihg-room.' . Tjioyliad hud a dist-inot flghr over it with Miss Burry, but Dominick, who can succood in anything- but- his: exams;,' overeouics ' hor, nnd carries tiro' day. 7' Put tho tray down here, ' snys Betty, \rith quite mi iiir, seeing tlirit Susan lias given way a little beneath tlio. want of-, tlio . table. ' Down bore on ,tho grass, nwir me. I'll pour out tho tea,' this, with a withering glnncc at Susan,. who is slightly flnshed,- and -apparently ashamed of hcraolf. ' AVo lirivcn't any riistic table yet, Mr. Crosby,' saj-s Betty, with immonso aplomb, 'but we're: going to linvo 0110 shortly,' this with all tlio admirable assurance of a fashionable dame,, who litis just boon ordering a giii'deh toil tublo; from 0110 of the' bust' London houses. Sho nods and smilos at him. 'Dom is going to niake it, Susan,' with 11 freezing glance at that damsel, ,' do you think' 'you could manage to cut tlio sponge coke ?' ' Cut it !' says Jueky, who is sharp to soo that the idolised Susan is being silt upon, and who still fools that ho owes lior reparation of somo sort. 'Why couldn't slio cut it ? Sho inado it.' , Susan bursts out laughing. :lt is too much, and thoy all follow suit. ' What, you mudo it?' erics Crosby, taking up a knife and beginning a vigorous attack upon it. ' AVliy didn't you mako it bigger when you were about it ? The fact : that it is your handiwork hue, judging by myself, made us all frightfully hungry, 'i'liimk heaven, there is still broad and butter,' or I don't know what would become' of ns.' Thoy are nil laughing still, indeed their merriment has quite reached a height, when Susan, looking ovor hor shoulder, nonrly drops hor cup und saucer, and sits up as if listening. ' Someone is coming,' snys she. ' Aunt Jemima!' declares Betty in dignantly, who is sitting up too. Tramp, tramp, . tramp, comes a foot along the gravel path tlint skirts the side of tlio house away from them. Trainp, tramp, ovidoiitly 0110 of the heaviest .feet in Christendom is ap proaching. ' You're right,' whispers D0111. "Tis the fa' 0' her fairy feet! Aunt Jemima to a moral!' And Aunt Joniimn it is, sweeping round tho house with her head w'oll up, and the desire, to impress thut they all know so fatally well, full upon lior. 7 ' Don't stir, Mr. Crosby. I really beg you won't. This is a rather al- froseo entertainment, hut I know you will excuse those, wild children.' Hero tho wild children guvo way silently, con vulsively. 'It's tlio most charming 'entertain ment I havo boon at for yours,' says Crosby, pleasantly. ' AVlioro will you sit ? Hons ?' Ho is quito assiduous in his attentions, especially obuut tlio. rug on which she is to sit. Not his l-ug, ut ull events ; Susan has half of thut. to Bis continued to-jiobrow."! 