St. Mary's Cathedral. The Feast of Whitsunday or Pentecost waa celebrated with, due ceremonial at St. Mary's Cathedral yesterday. At the early masses the congregations were very large, despite the in clement weather, whilst at the principal service of the day (11 o'clock) the vast building was well filled. Precisely at tbe hour named a nrocession, in which. Cardinal Moran, the Eight Rev. Monsignor O'Brien (Eector of St. John's College), the Ven. Archpriest Sheehy, the Very Eevs. Dr. Carroll (vicar-general of the archdiocese), Dr. Murphy (president of St. Patrick's College^ Manly), Dr. O'Haran (administrator of St. Mary's Cathedral), Dean Healy (rtaluiain), Dean Slattery (Newtown), and P. Le Renaetel, S.M., the Rev. Father Walsh. (Melbourne), the Hon. John Hughes, M.L.C., and Mr.,T. M. Slattery (Knights of St. Gregory), and the ecclesiastical students from Manly took part, entered the cathedral by the eastern door, the choir upon its j appearance singing the anthem of welcome, ?* h.cce Saeerdos Magnus,' until the sanctuary was reached. The officiating clergy entered the sanctuary by way of tke sacristy. The Cardinal presided at the throne, his attandsnts being tho Very Eev.' Dr. Murphy and Father Walsh, of Melbourne, -the Eight E,bt. Dr; Higgine (Auxiliary-Bishop of Sydney) was the celebrant of the Mass, the Eev. Father Kobinson, of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, the assis tant priest, the Kev- Fathers Waish and. Uayden, the deacon and sub deacon respectively, and the Very Rev. Dx. O'Haran, tne master of the ceremonies. The music consisted of Haydn's ' Imperial Mass,' the principals in tne choir being Mrs. Tierney (soprano;, Miss Stafford (contralto), Mr. Percy Bates (tenor), and Messrs. W. P. O'Halloran and D. Clancy (bassi). Mr. J. A. Delaney presided at the organ, and at the offertory Mr. Clancy sang Neekoaiin's '-'Veni Sante Spiritue.' The Manly students assisted in the ceremonies on the sanc tuary, within which the Hon. John Hughes and Mr. T. M. Slattery were accommodated with seats. The Cardinal occupied the pulpit, and de livered a most impressive sermon, in the course of which he said that the blessings brought by the coming of the Holy Ghost never ceased to abound in the Holy Church. With the perfection of sanctity and the perfection of charity estab lished by the Holy Ghost, and enriched as they were by all the other blessings and gifts of divine love, it was not sufficient that they in. theBa days of difficulty and danger should content themselves with what might be called the hum drum occupation, of saving their own souls. It was their duty to perfect themselves according to the Spirit of the Holy Ghost, and to conform their lives to the lessons ot heavenly truth and wiBdoin taught by our Saviour, and perfected by the coming of the. Holy Ghost on Pentecost. As they were all chiJfSren of Christ they should love one another, and the wondrous love of Jesus Christ should be their type of charity and their model in extending charity to those aronnd them. One feature of that charity he desired to specially mention, and it was that they should extend their charity to those not of the Catholic faith. It might Beem strange that, when he urged them to love their holy faith, and to show courage in defending it, he should say that they must love thfose who were not of the fold. His Eminence, after referring at; some length to the representa tions of, and attacks made on, the teachings and practices of the Roman Catholic Church said the present, illustrious sovereign Pontiff, Leo XII 1., in that beautiful encyclical letter to those Dot of the faith, invited them to enter the re union of Christendom tp leara the true teaching of the Church of Christ, and to come to the true fold to receive the kiss of peace. It should be the fervent Catholic prayer during these days ef Pentecost that Almighty God would' bestow his blessings on-each and every child ot Christ, that he woul-| preserve the diyine truth in their minds, and gije ijiiem the courage in their hearts to emulate the. hfiroig m of those who had suffered jand7 triumphed f or; the faiiii in, the .pas$ agfca of the history of -fae church. ' 