FALSE EVIDENOE Br E. PnFLrrs Omrr?Ps x. Author of "A Monk of Cruta," " A Daughter of the Maroni," etc. published by special arrangement wish Messrs Ward Lock Bowden, Ltd. [ALL EIGETS RESERVEDI CHAPTER xxIm. IN THE PICTURE GALLERY. It is strange that, although so many years have pseeed, that scene remains as though written with letters of fire into my memory -vivid and clear. Word for word, I can remember every sentence that was spoken ; and the different expresalons on tho fsoe of each I oould, if I were a painter, faithfully reprodouce. Sir Francis gazed at me speech less in a sort of helpless apathy, Mand and Lady Olive looked horrified and thunder struck, and my Uncle Ropert, with faoe as pale as death, was shaking fromhead to foot, with eyes riveted upon me in a sort of fas cinated bewilderment, Ma though I were one risen from the dead. Sir Franols seemed to be the first to recover hlmself. "Arbuthnot I Asbuthnot i"he exclaimed; "what does this mean " I pointed to my unole, and he seemed to shrink back from my ontstretched hand. "Cannot you see?" he faltered, in a hollow tone. "Look at him and the pio tore." I had moved a step forward unconsoousnaly, and was standing In the ceantre of the broad stretch of moonlight which was streaming in from the high window. Sir Franois looked at me, and then gave a great start. SMy God I Arbathnot, boy I Who are you? Speak I" "Hugh Arbuthnot, son of Herbert Ar. bathnot, who once called himself Devereox " I answered, proudly, looking Sir Francis steadily in the face; 's and who would be a Devereux still," I added, "but far that man's villainous He." Rupert Devereux turned his head away, as though unable to meet the fire which bIazed from my eyes. Mand had sunk. half fainting, upon an ottoman, and Lady Olive was by her aide Sir Franola stood gazing fixedly at me, as though in a dream. "It can't be 1" he muttered, hoarsely. " He could never have had nuch a son as you. He was a coward I" "It's a lie I" I thundered-so vehemently that Sr Francis staggered back aghast, "Rupert Devereux '' I cried, taking a quick stride to his side, " can you, dare you look me in the face and tell me that my father was a oward ! You, who bribed John Hilton. your servant, into a shameful con spiracy that you might step into his place I You, you-speak, man, and tell me I Was Herbert Deverenx a coward !" He was white to the ips with a fear not merely physicall. His senses seemed stupe fled; and though I waited amidst a death like silence for a full minute, he made me no answer. I turned my back upon him contemptuously. " Sir Francis" I" cred. "He could lie to strangers and to you, but to me he dare not. Before heaven, I swear that my father is an innocent man, shamefully sinned against by him"-I pointed to my uncle. "Ott of a mean jealousy, and for the sake of being your heir, he did it-he perjured himself. He to call himself a Dcvcreux, and my father robbed of his name and honour by such treaherousa villainy I Don't you wonder thatI don't kill you 2' t rled, turning round, a very tempest of passion surging up within me. "God knowa why I don't do it I Sir Francis, I appeal to yon. John Hilton has confeeaed to me that his story wasa lHe. My father is as brave a soldier and a gentleman as ever Devereux was. Tell me that you believe it. Let us make that man confess, aye, even though we have to tear his guilty secret from his heart I" Sir Francis had recovered himself en tirely, and was again the aristocratio un movable soldier. "Hugh, my boy, I believe you," he said, kindly. "Be my grandson, and I shall thank God for it, and be proud of you. But you are mistaken about your father. A oourt'martial never errs." The hope which had sprang up in my heart died away, and in its place had leaped up a bitter hatred-hatred of Rupert De vereux, hatred of my grandfather, hatred of Mand, of every one who refuted to believe in my father's innecence. I drew back from Sir Franois's out-tretehed hand, and looked at him proudly. "Nerer. Sir Franois, Iwill not alil my. self your grandeon, or take the name of Devereux, until my father bears it too. I would sooner live and die Hugh Arbath' But." Then, without another look at one of them, without even a glance into Maud's white fa?e, I turned, and walked slowly out of the gallery and out of the house. CHAPTER XXIV. A MIDNIGHT VISITOR., Like a man in a .dream, I walked with unsteady foetsteps down the avenue, through the shrubbery, and across the park to the cottage. I had forgotten my laton key, and the servant who had answered my ring welcomed me with a little cry of relief. "John was jest a coming up to the house for you, sir," she exclaimed, abutting the door again. "There's a strange woman wants to see you moot particular. She's been here more than an hour, a fretting ever so beasure yea wasn't -ere." " Where isshse ' I asked. "Inyourastudy, air. I see'd as therewas nothink about as she oeuld lay 'er 'ands on before I let her In." I had no donbt but that it was the wife of one of the tenants on the estate, though why she should choose suh a strange time for her visit I could not Imagine. But when Iwalkedinto the study I jaw at onoe that she was a stranger to me. And yet, no. I had seen her fae before somewhere. She rose nervosly when I entered, and pulled her ohawl loser around her. "Youll exune the liberty I've taken In coming, adr," ohe began, hurnledly. "I'a come todo yer e service. Yoe do'nt seem to reoolleot me, I'm John Hilton's wife; him as you comed to see t'other week." I recognised her at once, and became more interested. "You see, sir, it'a like this." she went on. "My Jock he's had one o' his drinking fits on, and he's always mortal mischievous after one a' them. He seems to a got a powerfdl sort o' gradge agin' youn, and there's that plece o' paper as you wrote aut, and he put 'is name to. He says as 'ow he might get lagged for that if you abowed it." "Well, has he sent you and get it away again asked. "Not he I If he know'd come 'ere at all he'd half kill me," "Well, what in it, than ?" I asked, "Well, it's just likel this," she answered. elowly; " he's a coming himself to try and get It bak agih n *"Indeed I And when may I expect him 2" 1 enquired, becoming suddenly inter e-ted. "To-night." I leaned bank In my ohair, and laughed dryly. The woman must be mad. "'Tain't no laughing matter, master," she said, anllenly. "Yon'd a laughed t'other side o' your mouth, I can tell 'e, if I hdn' s aehoen ter come and tell 'e. He atlan't ' coming to ase jou for it. He's a oomsing to take It, and to pay Jyer back something as yer gave 'imr at our cottage him and a mate." Ibegan to ose what it all meant now, and to onderetand why the woman had ~ome. "And you've come here to put me on my guard, i that it t" I remarked. "Yes. Yer gave me money when I was starving, and I felt eort 'er gratefal. And when l'ard them two blackguards a plan cing how they'd settle you I thought am thoyjustshbidn'. Hfyonputs p bunletin that 'long Jeam,' which Is my man's pal, I shall thank yer for it. Jack's bad enough, specdally when he's just getting round from a spell o' drinking, which he is now; but he's a sight worse. Cuss him. He's always a leading my Jack into something." " What time are they coming ?" I asked, thoughtfully. "I' erd 'em say as they'd meet at Cop't Oak, which is a mile from here, as soon as it were dark, and hide until you was all a-gone to bed. I'm mortal afeard of their seeing me. although I shall go 'ome t'other way." I pressed her to stay at the cottage for the night, but she stubbornlyrefused. Her Jack would kill her if he found out that she had been here, she declared. But be fore she went I made her drink a glass of wf~e. and fill her pockets with the broad and food which I had ordered in. This promised to be an exciting night for me altogether, I thought, as I drew out my revolver from the cupboard and carefully loaded it. I was not inolined altogether to believe or altogether to disbelieve this woman's story, but at any rate there was no harm in being prepared. If I had gone to bed, there would have been little sleep for me with my head still throbbing with the vivid recollection of that terrible scene in the picture gallery. I dared not think of it. I dared not let my thoughts dwell for an instant on the inevitable consequences of whet had happened. The exottement of what might shortly take place kept me from the flil 'ickening realisation of the change which that evening's events must make In my life, but underneath it all there was a dull aching pain in my heart, for had I not lost Mood ? Presently Marlan and Mr Holdern ar rived. I had forgotten their very existence, and directly the latter had taken his leave, Marian was full of eager, agitated ques tions. Why had I left so suddenly Had I quarrelled with Sir Francis Devereux What did It all mean? Mand had gone to her room with white face and locking like a ghost, and Lady Olive had not again en tered the danoing-room. Sir Francis had apologised to his guests with the agitation of one who had reeooved a great shook, and Rupert Deverenx none of them had seen again; and I was mixed up in it. What did it all mean " Not now, Marian; I will tell you to morrow; wait until then," I begged. But she would not wait. Then, with a great effort. I braced my self up, and told her everything. She Uis toned with ever-growing astonishment, and when I had finished she slipped down from my knee and sank upon the hearthrug. "Poor papa I" she sobbed. "No wonder you hate that Rlpert I Beast I Oh, Hagh, Hugh, why could you not tell me before ? I ought to have known," she added, re preachfully. "It could have done no good," I an swered. A wave of sudden anxiety passed across her face. " Oh, Hgh l" she sobbed. "Char- , Mr Hold-" "Mr Holdern knows all about it," I in. terrupted. "I thought it right to tell him when he asked me for you." A great relief brightened her face, and she smiled through her tears. Even a woman in selfish when she Is in love. "I am glad he knows," she whispered looking into the fire. "How strange it all seems I Why, our name is Devereux ; you will be Sir Hugh Devereux. Why, Hugh, Devereux Court will be yours some day I" " Never I" I answered, firmly; "' until Sir Francis asks my father's pardon, and re. oeives him as a son, I shall never take the name of Devereux or enter the Court. I have sworn it, Marian." "And it was noble of you to swear It, Hugh," she whispered, coming over and kissing me. "They say truth always comes out some time or other. Perhaps this will come right some day." " For our father's sake, pray that it may do, Marian dear," I answered, gravely. " And now run along to bed, I have some writing to do." She lingered by my side. " Hugh, what are you going to do now You will leave here, I suppose 2" "I must, Marian. Uniess Sir Franois desires otherwise, I shall remain here until he has found some one else to take my place, but it will be as Hugh Arbuth not, bie agent, only, and into Devereux Ceurt I will not go again. It will be well for Rupert Devereux. too, that he keeps out of my way," I added to myself. "When does Mr Holdern want to marry you, Marian I" I asked her suddenly, changing the subject. She blushed up to her eyes, and looked at me half pleased, half reproachfully. "' Hugh l How could you ask me like that - I-I don t quite know," "Because you'll have to go away with me, you know," I continued. "I can't leave you behind." ' She looked serious enough now. "Of oourse you can't, Hugh. I don't think I ought to lave you at alL You'll be alone ff I do, with no one to look after you." I pretended to look serious, as though considering the matter, but her piteous ex pression and qui.ering lips were irresistible, and I broke into a reassuring laugh. "Not I, Marian It is the beat thing that could possibly have happened, When I have no longer you to look after I shall go abroad, wherever our father is, and share his lot. Country life If beginning to get wearisome to me. I was meant to be a sol. dier, I think. Now, Marian, you must really go to bed. I want to be alone." It was past twelve, and I was beginning to get anxious. But she still lingered for a moment. " Hugh, I had almost forgotten, I have something for you, and a message." I bent over my desk, lest she should see the light which sprung into my face. I did not wish even Marian to know my secret. "What is It ?' Iaked. "Be quicak." " Why, she came to me like I've never seen her before, as lIfeloes and sorrewfl as anything, and said-' Tell your brother that I think he is behaving nobly, and that I hope we shall always be friends.'" " She said that!' I exolaimed, starting round, "Maud said that I' My lsister looked at me amazed. "Maud I didn't asy anything about Mand ( She didn't even speak to me. It was Lady Olive, and she sent you this." I stretched out my hand for the gold' topped cutgilas lhttle smelling salts, which Marian was holding out for me and laid it down before me. Disappointed though I was, it was a kindly act of Lady Olive's, and I was just in that mood when a man ap prelates such a one. For a moment or two I felt very tenderly towards Lauy Olive; for, reckles little flirt though she was, she was generous and warmhearted, or she would never have done this. "It La very kind of her,' I said, huskily. " Good-night, Marian I' "Good.nl?ht, Hughio. Don't sit up late, dear, and don't fret. It makes me feel so selfish, Hugh, to think that I can't help being happy beosuse-beosause of Charlie, but I can's help It, I do love him so, and he is so good to me." Then at last she went, and I was left alone. First of all I puts a heavy shabde upon the lamp and placed is so that no one could pooibly see it from onutaide. Then I finished loading my revolver, and put a life preserver in my breast pocket. Going out on tip-too into the hall, I opened the passago door, and also left my own wide open, so that if anyone bshould attempt to enter the house from any rcom I maust hear them. This seemed to me to be all that I could do, and drawing my easy chair into the corner of the room which faced both door and windows, I sat down and waited patiently with my revolver on my knee, At first the time did not seem long. I had come to a oreiss in my life, and there was much to think about. In the twenties, however dark and doubtbul the fnture may be, there is always a certain fascinotlon con neoted with it--possibliti s, however remote, which the sanguine spirit of youth loves to peer into and investigate. And Eo I sat and thought, and considered, and longed, without ever getting sleepy, or feel ing the spell of weariness. Two o'olock struaok, and of a saudden a ourlous change came over me. I became so v!lonr'l- restless that I could sit no longer in my chair. Sober-minded people may scoff at snob a statement, but I declare that some Irreslstible Impulse compelled me to go to the nearest window and look cautiously out. The window was not one of the front ones, but was one which looked'sideways over a strip of garden, a thlck privet hedge, into a dark black fir plantation, through which ran a private pathway into the gardens of the court. At first I could see nothing; then suddenly the blood died out of my cheeks, even from my lips, and I stood transfixed, rooted to the spot-my lips numbed and healpless as though under the spell of some hideous nightmare. What my eyes looked upon my reason re fused to credit. Turning from the hand. gate of the plantation, without a bat, and with a wealth of golden hair streaming down upon a swanadown cloak wss-Mand I It was impossible-it was ridioulous-it was beyond all credence. And yet my straining, riveted eyes watched her walk slowly, with her usual stately, even tread, down the grass.grown path between the plantation and the hedge of the cottage garden, and disappear from sight. Though an earthquake had yawned at my feet I could not have moved. Nothing bat sound can break up such a spell as this I sudden shook had laid upon me. And the I sound came, for suddenly there broke upon the stillness of the night such a cry as I had never heard before-the thrilling, agonkized shriek of a woman in mortal fear. CHAPTER XXV. " coUnes It" Like the shook from a galvanio battery did that sound breathe life into my frozen limbs. Holding a chair before my face I literally burst through the high French window, crashing the glass and splintering the framework into a thousand pieces. With the cry of a wild beast I dashed soress the lawn and leaped over the privet hedge. Maud, my Mend, was scarcely a dozen yards from me, struggling In the grasp of the man who had come to rob me of hle confession, with his great hand pressed against her wild, beautiful face to step her crles. They heard me coming, and he half re leased her, and with his other hand pointed a revolver at me. But passion maust have lent me wings, for before he could pull the trigger I had dashed it into the air, where it exploded harmlessly, and with my clenched fist I struck him such a blow as I had never struck before or since. He was a powerful man, with a thick, baullet-shaped head, but he went down like a dog. and well.nigh never rose again. His companion, without a word turned, and ran across the 1 park like a bare, and I let him go. Band was in my arms, sobbing hysteri. cally, bland with the moon shining down on her blanohod but exquisite face, and her white arms thrown round my neck. If she were the daughter of the prince of hell she was still the woman I loved; and I stooped and covered her cold frse and lips with passionate kinses. Then t caught her up in my aras, for she was shivering, and ran with her to the house. Every one had been roused by the sound of my exit, and the report of the revolver. Marian, with her dressing-gown loosely wrapped around her, was standing trembl. ing at the head of the stairs, and behind her were the servants more frightened even than she. When she saw me cross the ball with Mand's lifeless form (for her faint seemed almost the faint of death) in my arms, she gave vent to one cry of blank amazement and horror, and then hurried down to us. "Hugh. Hugh," she whispered, clinging to me as I laid my burden down on the sofa. and fell on my knees by its side. " Mand here Maud out in the park at this time of night I Whathas happened, Hugh? What does it all mean 1' "Can't you see T' I muttered hoarsely, never withdrawing my eyes from the white, cold face. "She uas had a fright, and has fainted 1" "But what on earth has brought her here -out atthis time of night And in her sli pers, too r' Iwas on the point of saying that I knew 1 no more than she, but suddenly the truth flashed into my mind. Mand had , walked:out in her sleep I I had heard her say that for a long time she had been obliged to have her maid in her room at night, and sleep with looked door; and that when Sir Francis lay dangerously ill not many years ago, nearly every night when she had gone to bed thinking of him, she had risen In her sleep and tried to make her way to his room. Then she must have been thinking of me I A sudden thrill of joy passed through me at the thought, and Marlan looked at me in stupefied bewilder ment to see the smile which for a moment parted my lips. "She must have come out in her sleep, Marian," I whispered. "There were some men hanging about outside-pohabers I sup pose-and they hove frightened her. Get some brandy, quick I and tell one of the girls to light a fire. We must have some hot water." She hurried away, and the door had scarcely closed when Mauend changed her position slightly, and her lips moved. I bent my ear close over her, and this is what I heard " Hugh I Hugh I" My heart throbbed with a great joy. Suddenly I stooped down and kissed her half open lips passionately. Then I drew back and stood upright, for I saw that she was fast recovering consciousness. First her breathing became deeper and less fitful. Then, with a little sigh, she opened her eyes and raised herself a little on her elbow. She looked around in blank bewilder. ment. Then her eyes fell upon me, and the hot onlour rushed into her cheeks. "Mr Arbuthnot I Why, where am II How did I oma here! and those men," she added, with a shadder, "those fearful men; was it all a dream 1" She raised her hand to her forehead and looked at me appealingly: I hardened my voice as much as possikle, and avoided meeting her eyes. "I think I can explain to you what has happened," I said. "Yon must have got up in your sleep, and walked down through the copse. There were some men outside; I believe they were going to break in here, and one of them must have caueht hold of you, for when I heard you soream and ran out, you were stroggling in his grasp. I knocked him down, and the other ran away. Tren I corriod you here, and here you are. Mairlan has just gone out to fetch some brandy." Womanlike, her first thooght was of her appearance, and she st up and looked at herself eagerly. Evidently she had fallen asleep before preparing to retire, for the only change in her dress since the evening wss that ehe had exchanged her dinner. gown for a long white dressing-robe, and let down her halr. Nevertheleas, she blushed a she sat up. and looked at me pushing back the waves of hair from her face. "I remember failing asleep in the easy chair," she said, slowly, "and after that everything seemed like a horrid dream. Those men's fearful fsoes, and yo--ob, how fierce you looked I But it all seems very indistinct." Then Marian came in, and she turned to her smiling. "Mie* es Arbuthnot, I'm afraid you'll think this a very unceremonious morning call. You didn't know I was a sleep.walker, did you i" larian put down the decanter she was carrying with a little cry of relief. "Oh, dear, I'm so glad to see you all right again. What an awful adventure you've had I" M- aud smiled placidly. She was her old self again, otately and composed. "It might have been a good deal worse but for your brother," she acknowledged; "I wonder if they've found ort at the Court. They'll be getting alittle anxious if they hove." " Unless I'm very much mistaken they've found out,"I answered. "' Liseten." I went out and threw open the hall door. Clearly enough we oonld hear the alarm bell at the Court clanging out with shrill, qulick strgkps, ad $he whole of the park seemed dotted with men carrying lanterns, looking like will.o'-the-wisps, and making the soft night air echo with their hearse shouts. Two figures were rapidly approach ing the oottages, and I hailed them. "Have you seen anything of MiLs Devereurt?' called out Groves, the head butler. "She's out in the park somewhere a-walking in her sleep." " She is here," I answered, and then I went in and told Meand that they had come for her. Marian left us to find a warmer cloak and thicker shoes, and for a moment we were together. She turned to me at ones with a sweet, sad smile on her lps, and a look ef'regret shining out of the asure depths of her eyes. "Mr Arbnthnot, I had quite forgotten, in all this excitement, what happened in the picture gallery. We are oouains, are we not f" I shook my head. "It Is not a relationship which I shall claim," I answered, slowly. If I should see you again before I go, Miss Devereux, it will be as Mr Arbuthnot." Her eyes were speaking to me-speaking words which her lips oould not utter, but I avoided them. Eager voices were hurrying through the garden and Mead held out -her hand with a hurried gesture. " At any rate, yen will let me thank you for your timely aid this evening. But for you I don't know what might have happened. I took her hand and raised It to my lips. Then I let it drop, and moved towards the door. I think I ought to thank you rather," I answered, with a pretenoe at a laugh, "for giving me the alarm. If those fellows had got Into the house and taken me by surprise, things might have been worse for me, at any rate. I opened the door and admitted Groves and several of the other servants. Francis Devereax was there, too, but he stood on the pathway outsialde, without offering to enter, neither did I invite him. Maud went out to him at once, and then I explained to the gaping little crowd what had happened. " What became of the one you knocked over, air " esked Groves, after the little choruna of wondering exolamations had sub sided. "There now, most likely," I answered, with a start. "I'd forgotten all about him." We all trooped over to the spot, and there he lay, doubled up in the underwood, his faoe drawn with pain, and still unounsclous. To say that I was sorry for him would have been a lie ; nay, if Rupert Deverenx had lain by his side I should have been only the better ploeased. But he lay so still and motionlessthat Istooped over him anxiously, and felt his heart. It was beating, though faintly, and I felt distinotly relieved when I looked up again. "He's alive," I decolared, " but only jest. Better get him some brandy." They brought him some from the house, and I poured It between his lips. He re vived at once. "We d a best take him up to the Court, sir," remarked Groves. "You won't want him down here with only yourself In the house."._ So they took him away, and as the long streaks of red light In the east slowly deepened until the autumn sun rose up from behind the pine trees like a ball of glowing fire, I threw myself down on the couch and slept. To be Continued. 