; THE NECH88ITT FOB PREPARATIONS. : Under these circumstances it would be madness upon our part to be misled and deluded by that kind of amiable and benevolent optimism which always prevails among people who have no personal exníT'fi'cu . t the" real, hard, cruel cc^idons of international existence, or riot to maintain in full vigour, both by. sea and by land, the preparations necessary for our own preservation. We have more to risk, for we possess more than any other nation on tho face of the earth, even in .spite of other Powers having recently given, like ourselves, hostages to fortune in the shape of their new Colonial establishments. Moreover, though God forbid that the invasion of our shores should ever acquire the char- acter of an imminent danger,-we should remember that the safeguard of the "silver streak" is an ever diminishing advantage. (Hear, hear.) In former days the winds were as faithful allies of Britain as her seas ; but their virtue has been exorcised by steam, and'probably there is not a War Office in Central Europe which, does not possess the matured plans of some clever strategist for a. descent upon our coasts, either in the shape of a serious attack or a formidable diversion. (Laughter.). That both attempts would ultimately fail I have no doubt-(hear, hear) but that our weakness should ever engage an enemy to entertain; the., idea would be in itself a. most serious misfortune. (Hear, hear.) Above all things it should be remem- bered that the possession of a suffi- cient strength to command the respect of a nation's neighbours does a'great deal more than guarantee a successful defence in the case of unprovoked attack; it also discour- ages and prevents a hundred irritat- ing, provoking, , and impossible demands-nay, it even diminishes the risks of dangerous international newspaper polemics, calming and moderating to a wonderful degree the menacing attitude of a pugnaci- ous Press, for ever irresponsible and anonymous able editors think twice before insulting an enemy, however hated,'that has half a million armed men afc its disposal though they may use considerable freedom towards a far moro inoffensive friend who they know mighty have difficulty in put- ting, on a critical emergency, half a corps d'a'rmde into the field. (Cheers.) ARBITRATION. But, though confessing that I; have returned . to England with . less cheorful anticipations than I could havo ' wished, there has recently dawned : above, tho horizon a con- solatory idea, which, in spite of the difficulties which, may' impede ' its development, will, I ' trust,; .prove eventually, if not a remedy, at' all events a mitigation of, tho risks of international strife-I mean tho notion of erecting the principle of' arbitration into a permanent and abiding instrument of peace and conciliation. (Cheers.) As was sure to be the case, it is in the bosom of the Anglo-Saxon race ; that ' this suggestion has germinated, .thanks to what I may: call its: preference for the rule of thumb. The frame of mind prevalent amongst the Latin nations impels them, m spite of all considerations of prudence, to drive everything to its extreme and logical conclusion, but the spirit of compro- mise aud of give-and-take is. of the yery essence of our own daily life,vof our private'as well as our political transactions, and if anything prac- tical in tho direction I have indi- cated is to be elaborated; I sincerely trustthat America änd ourselves may have tho first honour of.the inven- tion. (Cheers.) Nor, I am sure, is there a spot on' the earth where any expedient to deliver us t from ' tho confusion and paralysis ' super- induced by unassured peace will bo moro heartily welcome . than in Belfast, whose gigantic > strides' in the development of its commercial and manufacturing enterprises it has been one of the great happinesses to verify at each period, of ray roturn amongst 'you-(cheers)-and so. predominating would be the general expansion of trade evoked by the unclouded prospect of a century of such halcyon days that I am sure even ray honoured host, the Lord Mayor of Belfast, would wil- lingly forego the triumph of building new ironclads-(laughter)-in the happy prospect of his being able to add dozens of additional liners to the - matchless fleet which he and his predecessors, whoso names will ever remain an honoured memory amo'ng us, have launched upon the bosom of the deep. (Cheers.) A VERY BANQÜO AT THE FEAST. I am afraid I have given you a very uninteresting address. But the fault lies with an unbidden guest, a phantom presence, a very -Banquo at your feast, who, ^unseen by .'any- one, has been standing opposite mo all the time with an uplifted and warning finger-the ghost-like; pre- sentment of Lord Salisbury. (Laugh- ter and cheers.) You may, perhaps, wonder that the mere shadow of his late chief, should thus overawe an emancipated Ambassador, but such is tho force of habit and tho weak- ness of diplomatic noryes. (Laughter.) I remember two or three years after. I had left Eton meeting Dr. Hawtroy, the well-known head-master, in the streets of Paris. 1 shall, never forget my dismay and embarrassment when ho stood uncovered at my approach. (Laughter.) All that I can say is that if. ever a servant of tho Crown returned under happy aus- pices to his ancient home and his early surroundings that consum- mation has fallen to the lot of him who now thanks you with'all the force. that gratitude and sincerity can command for tho unprecedented warmth of tho'welcome you havo accorded him and for this never-to be-forgotten homo- bringing. '.-.: (Pro- longed cheering.) _; - ? The Pope received tn audience nt tho Vuticnn tho Rev Francis Redwood, Arch- bishop of Wellington, New Zealand, 