BEYOND PABROIm. Br BERTHA IL. CLAY. C]HAPTER XXVII.--(Conlnued.) When Lady Lynn repeated that little story to Sir Lionel, she wondered why he grew white and trembled. 'You did not tell me you were goink to the opera last evening, Vivian,' said the earl to his wife a few morn ings after this. 'How was it?' She had not intended to tell him because Sir Lionel had promised to join her there. ' If you had told me, I should have gone with you.' - 'I am sorry--I did not know--I thought that singing and earwigs were • your great abominations,' she added, laughingly. 'I should have gone with you. Sir Weston Hammer tells mehe saw you, and that you were the loveliest woman in the house.' 'I am much obliged to Sir Weston,' she said, laughingly. 'He says Sir Lionel Rydal was in your box the greater part of the even ing.' In vain she tried not to blush--not to let the crimson flush mount to her white brow. No rose was more red than she. 'Was he ?' she answered, trying to speak indifferently ? 'So many people came, and went,-I hardly remember who was there.' And the earl said no more. Another day, as they took flve-o' clock tea together, he said to her: 'You were in the Row yesterday, I hear, with Sir Lionel Rydal.' 'Yes; we met and enjoyed' a little ride together. I should like to ride with 'him in the country; there is plenty of scope, over a breezy hill or heather-clad downs. He is a fine rider.' 'So was I when I was young,' said the earl; and there was something of pathetic regret in his voice that touched her sensitive, passionate heart. She looked at him with won dering eyes. Could it be possible that the man who looked so old, so stern, so gray, had once been young, like Lionel--young, handsome, gay of heart, with every pulse thrilling with life ? ' Why do you look at me with such wondering eyes ?' he asked. 'Of what are you thinking, Vivian ?' 'I was wondering,' she replied, thoughtlessly, 'what you were like when you were young.' He frowned, a quick, impatient, angry frown. ' People do not care to be reminded of their age, Vivian, neither is it in very good tasie to remind them of it.' 'I do not mean to do that; I never thought of it. I was merely wonder ing, and you asked me what it was about.' 'I was a very handsome young man,' said the earl, 'and-and-very fond of all sports.' 'Time is very cruel,' said the young countess; 'it spoils all beauty. I was looking at Lady Carlyle's hands the other day; they are white and covered with shining gems, but they look so dry and withered.' 'There is a beauty of old age,' said tord Lynt, 'I do not care for it!' cried the young countess of twenty, and the earl felt deeply annoyed. By this time, and by dint of diffe 'rent stories, he had the idea ?n his mind that Sir Lionel and Lady Lynn were very good friends. He had not reached the jealous stage asyet. That was to come. One morning, going quite unex pectedly into her room, he saw lying upon the table an exquisite little locket of plain gold with one diamond in it. 'A locket,' he said, 'what a pretty one; what good taste.' Lady Lynn came swiftly to him, and held out her hand as though she would take it from him. ' It is very pretty, Vivian,' he said. 'You have good taste for jewellery.' He opened it, and there was a por trait of her own beautiful face inside. 'Why, Vivian,' he cried, 'thisis you! Do you wear your own portrait ?' 'No,' she replied; 'at least I have not done so yet.' She had seen the locket at the jeweller's, and had thought to herself what a beautiful present it would make for Sir Lionel, if she placed a portrait of herself inside. She did so, and it lay on the table ready to be packed in a pretty little box, with a pretty little letter. Now, with her quick insight into everything, she saw that, even if she gave it, ?ir Lionel could never wear it, now that the earl had seen 1t. Quick as lightning she made and seized the opportunity. 'I am sorry you have seen it,' she said; and those words were truthful enough. 'It is a present intended for somebody.' Then she took the pretty locket and fastened it to his chain. The earl was charmed and de lighted ; his wife had never.done such a kindly, graceful action before. But Lady Lynn hI,,ked pale, and'her eyes drooped. Deceit did not come naturally to the daughter of. the gallant soldier who had fought and died for Don Carlos. She was humiliated in her own eyes, yet *in the emergency she had acted for the best. She purchased another * locket, and this time she was careful that no one should see it. When the young uountess told Sir Lionel of this, he said that she was forgetting his teachings about keeping up appear ances, and that unless she was more careful something unpleasant would happen. It happened then that the earl began to think about Sir Lionel, to note the frequency of his visits--he was at Glencairn House every day to note how much time the baronet spent with his wife; and although he suspected nothing, he felt that it was a little imprudent; but she was young and loved gaiety. If Lady Lynn had seen or could have known how kindly her husband felt toward her, perhaps the tragedy would not have happened. CHAPTER xXviii. A party at Lady Bury's--not a ball or a soiree, but that which her lady ship liked far better-a few friends to dinner and a pleasant evening after ward. The Qarl and countess had both been invited; the earl de clined going, as he did not feel well; Lady Lynn went herself, and as a matter of course, considering that Lady Bury was a perfect woman of the world, Sir Lionel was invited. Amongst those women who sat in judgment on her afterward, there was no one who had not, on every occa sion, invited her to meet the young baronet. A very pleasant evening--one of the last they spent together. Lady Bury was herself an accomplished musician. She had set the beautiful stanzas of Bryant's to music--words not half so well known as they should be. ' Ah, no, it never erossed my heart, To think o thee with love, For we are severed far apart, As earth and arch above And though in many a midnight dream, You've prompted fancy's brightest theme, I never thought that thou eould'st be 'ore than that midnight dreamto me. "A something bright and beautiful, Which I must teach me to forget, Ere I can turn to meet the dull Realities that linger yet. A something girt with Summer flowers, And laughing eyes and sunny hours; While I, too well I know will be, Not even a midnight dream." .. Under cover of that singing the two had drawn together. 'What beautiful words they are,' said Lady Iynn. Sir Lionel interrupted her. 'Two of the lines apply to your self "' A something girt with Summer flowers, And laughing eyes, and sunny hours." 'In my mind,' he said, 'you will always be associated with summer flowers. When the carnations bloom it will be to me as though I had a message from you; when I see the crimson fuchsias, how they will recall you to my mind.' They were as much alone as though there had been no other person pre sent; they were sitting in the deep recess of a large window, where a pretty couch had been placed, and a stand with magnificent ferns; a few books lay on the table, and it was with these books that they seemed to be deeply engrossed. Lady Lynn looked exquisitely lovely in a costume of. blue and silver, white lilies in her ha!r and in her dress. She was so beautiful, so loving, so impassioned, so. dainty and tempting, that the young baronet was carried out of himself-he was beside himself; he was intoxicated with her beauty and her grace, as a man is in toxicated at times with rare wine. ' This has been a happy evening,' he said to her; 'I have enjoyed it more than I should have done a ball or a larger party. Everyone does as he likes.' ' I have done what I like best,' said this beautiful, impassioned daughter of the south; 'I have talked to you. Of all pleasure on earth,' she added, ' that is the greatest to me.' He clasped her hand, and words rose to his lips that his heart con demned even before they were ut tered; but the passion of the moment carried him away. The light, the flowers, the music, the beautiful face and love-lit eyes of the charming woman were too much for him-the late shadow of prudence, of reti cence, of honour, of loyalty, died away. There was no loving word that he did not use to her, no loving epithet that he did not lavish upon her. No thoughtcame to him of the fair children and the young wife at home--no thoughl of loyalty; he was carried away by the siren's charms, by the witchery of a woman whose very glance was enough to madden the wisest of men. Carried away--given up to the gla mour of .the hour; mad with the dark, imperial beauty--intocicated with her loving, winning grace-he said words to her that could never be unsaid, words that burned their way to heart and brain, and left a brand never to be effaced; and she, hapless, loving girl, was carried away like himself. W~hile they both lived they never forgot the mad passion of that hour. 'I wish--I wish,' she whispered, that I could be always with you, Lionel.' 'So do I. Indeed, I do not know how I shall live without you.' He stopped abruptly, for justatthat moment the music ceased, and Lady Bury, turning from the piano, spoke to her husband. She glanced at them, sitting in the pretty nest of ferns, and something like a thrill of apprehension and fear went through her mind. She had never heard Sir Lionel was mar ried, but she knew that the manner of Sthe countess was not quite what it should be. She said to herself that she would sing one more song, so as not to seem abrupt, and then she would interrupt them. She sung one that, in some mysterious fashion, touched Sir Lionel, for it was one that his fair wife at home had sung. NOTHING BUT LEAVES. N, Nothing but leaves--the spirit grieves ! Over a wasted life, Sin committed, while conscience slept; Promises made but never keht; Hatred, hittle, and strife, Nothing but leaves. " Nothing hut leaves--no garnered sheaves 01 life's fair, ripened grain; Words, idle words, for earnest deeds; We sow our seeds--lo I tares and weeds ; We reap with toil and pain Nothing but leaves. " Nothing but leaves--memory weaves No veil to screen the'past; ..._ As we trace our weary way, Counting each lost and misspent day, We find, sadly, at last, Nothing but leaves. " Nothing but leaves--withered leaves, And shall we meet our Master so, Bearing our withered leaves P 'The l.aviour looks for perfect fruit, We stand before Him, humble and mute. Waiting the word He breathes, Nothing but leaves." Whether Lady Bury thought those were words that might be- beneficial, or whether it was by mere accident that she chose this song, it was impossible to tell ; the effect of them was some thing wonderful; they roused Sir Lionel like the lash of awhip ; before him came the fair face of his wife; he saw the home picture, the beautiful room with its flowers, the piano where his wife sat, the lovely little children -they came before him like ghosts; he heard the sweet voice of his wife, he could see the true and tender eyes that had never looked love on any man save him-oh, true and tender eyes the very light of which was so soon to be quenched with tears. It struck him like the lash of a whip; what was he doing--was he mad? 'I am a'craven hound,' he said to himself, with closed teeth-' a miser able craven hound.' - 'Sin committed while conscience slept !' Where was conscience, his manhood, his honour, his loyalty, his truth? In that mo ment's revulsion of feeling he could have crushed himself. 'Lionel,' said the sweet, seductive voice, ' what is the matter ? your face hal grown so white, and your eyes have changed. Oh, love! all the love has died from them; they frighten me.' She drew just a little hearer to him; the perfume from the flowers she wore reached him. Heaven help a mantempted as she tempted him ! 'Love, you have changed to me,' she said, her passionate eyes seeking his--' you have changed to me. What havel?done ?' ' Sin committed while conscience slept,' he said in a low v.oice. 'Oh, Vivian, I have done wrong; I have talked to you about love, and, my dear, :you are another man's wife !' There was a minute of almost ter rible silence, and then she said, in a low voice : 'But I do not love him. Oh, Lionel, I love you-you --only you !' 'But, my dear, it is useless,' he said. 'Why, Vivian, I have been in a long dream, °and there is a terrible awakening-a long, mad, foolish, wicked dream. Vivian, it is all my fault. In. spite cf all that sages and philosophers have said, I thought there might be friendship between man and woman; in such a case as ours it is impossible. 4 Do you see where we are drifting?' 'Yes,' she replied; and he never forgot the eyes she raised to, his. 'Yes;let me so drift on to death, love. I cannot live if you cpase to love me.' (To be Continue.) 