SOCIAL TO DR. COCKBURN AND MR. LANDSEER. A LARGE GATHERING. One of the largest gatherings that has over assembled at the Mount Barker Institute met there on Tuesday evening in order to do honor at a social to Dr. Cockburn and Mr. A. H. Xiandseer, the recently elected members for the I district The ladies took a great interest in the arrangements for the social, and as a result of their untiring efforts over 400 electors sat down to an excellent cold collation, many' | hairing to be provided with seats at tables arranged on the stage and in several of the smaller rooms. The members were accom panied from the city by tbe Treasurer, Mr. King O'MaUey, M.P., Herr Bassmussen, of Sydney, and Captain James Ritchie. Mr. H. A. Monks presided. The Cbatshas said the Liberal victory was one of the greatest that had ever been won in tile district They had not only to contend against the defeated candidate, but that large body known as the National Defence League, which, ever since women had been accorded the franchise, had done all it could to strengthen its side. The Liberals of the dis trict had fully determined to combine, and they had the support of many prodncers, and no man had done more for the producers than Dr. Cockbum during the past few years. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Landseer also deserved their heartiest thanks for his action in sup porting Dr. Cockburn. Mr. F. R. Smith read an address of con gratulation to tbe members signed by some 70 residents of Littlehampton. Mr. J. C. RantiELL said tbe splendid gathering that evening showed that the people of the town were satisfied with the services of their old members, whom he heartily congratulated on their victory. So long as they stuck to the cause of liberalism they would find that the electors would stick to them. (Applause.) Three cheers were then given for the mem bers for the district and one for the Govern ment Tbe MnnsEE? of Education, who was received with loud applause, *h?nlrnfl them very heartily for the congratulations that had been accorded the members. Reference had been made to the victory of tbe members, but he considered that it was the victory of the people and a vindication of a national policy for die colony as opposed to all those forces which have been in the way of our develop ment and prosperity. It was ft vindication of tbe policy of the producer, the industrialist, the shipper, and even of J&e; professional man, because all depended upon the producer. (Hear, hear.) Why had they had this vindi cation? Because they had provided tbe producer with cheap money, and had found TrmAofrn {or his products. (Hear, hear.) They had also determined that the taxation should remain on the broad wealthy shoulders that could well afford to bear it Had the people failed on the occasion of tbe recent elections tbe colony would have been estopped in its course of progress. Yet he was told a few days ago that neither he nor his colleague had a ghost of a chance of being returned. (Laughter.) Such an occasion as tbe present might well make any man's heart proud, and a proud man he felt that evening. Tbe advent of women into political life had increased the n^tinwaii spirit because men did not look to tbe future of a country with the same degree of anxiety that women did. The future lies in the hands of the young of Australia, and who therefore could have a greater interest in that future than their mothers? He felt that a great deal of the victory of the campaign was due to the fact that women had brought into the contest that deep earnestness which characterised their lives. (Hear, hear.) Snch a spontaiifous meeting as had assembled tbat evening was, he thought the result of pledges carefully made and faithfully carried oat (Hear, hear.) It had been a campaign witbout a glass of beer or a cup of tea, and they had neither to bribe a man nor a woman to induce . them to come to tbe polls. If it were not for the ballot he did not think that he and his colleague would be present tbat night, and he wanted them all to recognise that it was the safeguard of democracy. They should do all they could to uphold its sanctity, and he wanted to see a I fooling of repugnance expressed at any attempt iat preparing huge requisitions, which were nothing more or leas than attempts to go behind tbe ballot and toobtain pledges which they had co right to exact beforehand. (Hear, hear.) The system of absent voting would have to be altered, because as it stood at present on the statute-books it was no more or less than an infringement of tha ballot as there was nothing to prevent outsiders from ascertaining how the papers were filled in. They could be filled in at tbe dictation of any parson. (A voice—"They were.") It would be necessary to amend it, as we should safeguard those bnlwarks of our national life, and any attempt togo behind the ballot should be regarded as sacrilege. Any attempt to use undue influence was an offence, and properly so. (Mr. King O'MaUey—"ltshouldbefiveyears." Laughter.) The boycott had been attempted, but so long as the Liberal party remained true to one another there was no need to fear anything. They bad all been very kind to him, but that night they bad crowned everything, and he felt tbat he did indeed owe them a deep debt of gratitude. He had tried to serve them faithfully in tbe past, but his efforts of the past would be surpassed by those of the future. (Loud applause.) , Mr. XiASTjseeb, who was also warmly re ceived, thanked them for the kindly expres sions tiny had used towards him, while tbe reception accorded him was snffiraimtto stimu late any man to work on their behalf. It was something new to see women present at such a gathering, and he had to admit tbat he had not assisted in according tbem the franchise. He had to confess, however, that be bad been mistaken, although he maintained that he was sincere in his reason for opposing it. (Hear, bear.) At no election bad be been re ceived so warmly and kindly than on the pre sent and he earnestly thanVwd then. (Ap plause.) Mr. W. T. Co?KEnrcs proposed a vote of thanks to the visitors. The Tbiasubee, in replying, stated tbat they were celebrating the triumph of the people's cause, and be was glad to be present for that reason ac well as because they were doing honor to Dr. Cock burn and Mr. Landseer. For nine years Dr. Cockburn and he had fought shoulder to shoulder in tbe cause of liberalism, to assist tbe producers and to help tbe great body of the people of South Australia generally. It seemed for a time as if the policy they had initiated at Strathalbyn had been laid aside, but it had only been for a little while, as they could now rejoice at having carried a great deal of what they then proposed. (Hear, hear.) They talked then of progressive land taxation and succession duties, and they had both to-day in addition to the progressive income tax. Parliament had recognised that the burden of taxation had to be adjusted, and its just inci dence had engaged its attention nearly ever since, bat they now rejoiced at what they had been able to do. They had done what they could for tbe producers, and the past Parlia ment might well be called the producers' Parliament It had established villajre settle ments, which had practically added a new territory to the colony; they had passed the butter bonus and carried tbe State Advances Act, which gave to every producer, every local governing body, and all co-opera tive dairy factories or wineries cheap money, so that such a Parliament deserved well at tbe hands of tbe electors. It was not surprising therefore to find tbat those who bad supported their policy were back again in the new Parliament. (Hear, hear.) When it as sembled there would be still further work to be done towards the accomplishment of those tilings which they had now bad in view for some sucyears past Reference had been made to the Liberal organisation which it was pro posed toestabliah in the district, and be would welcome it with pleasure. We were at a most critical time in the history of our national life, and he was glad to believe that we would not stand still bnt would go on in ih? cause of right aid justice. (Hear, hear.) If the colony was ever to be great it most be through our producing industries, and foremost amongst tbe dufres of Parliament must be the further ing of those industries. (Applause.) Mr. W. Boweix extended a welcome to Mr. Sag O'MaUey, who was received with three cieers. Mr. King Ollallet said after three weeks continual speaking and pounding at the national "leech" he felt tbat be ought to have been let off tbat evening. (Laughter.) The national "leech" before tile ejection reminded him of a steamer on the Mississippi with a 40-horsepower engine and a 90-horsepower whistle. They had whistled so much about what they intended to do that they had lost ground, and, inconsequence, they had gathered tbat evening to cast the lost flower of respect on their departed conjees. (Laughter.) He was proud indeed to be present in order to do honor to Dr. Cockburn, who was one of the few Australian politicians who bad an Ameri can repetition. He had heard Henry George speak of him, while the policy he had initiated had already been largely copied by nine American States. (Hear, bear.) Mr. O'Malley concluded in a humorous strain, and several anecdotes he recited simply convulsed the large audience, which cheered him loudly as be took his seat Durixg the evening several musical numbers and recitations were given, and a very sue-! cessful racial concluded at about half-past 10 o'clock. 