HUMBUG AND CBEDUUTY. ' "WOKItD.55 Up-to-date people in the present day pride themselves npon an enlightened scepticism in regard to much which their forefathers held to be immutable truth. But no story is too absurd, no pretension too ridiculous, for the same advanced persous to swallow when its coloring happens to strike ther fancy. The latest instance comes from Paris, where the countrymen of Voltaire and Renan have given what interest they cau spare from, politics to the avatar of the Angel Gabriel, who; is to be seen in the very appropriate situation of the Bue do Paradis. Wordsworth spoke of the " old credulities to Nature dear," with regret that they were do longer permitted to " bloom npon the stock of History." Gases like this of Mdlle. Conedon, other wise known as " the Modern Prophetess," show that "Wordsworth gave himself quite a premature concern. History, it is true, no longer turns a credulous oye upon Johanna fioutkeott or the Cock Lane Ghost, the Devils of Morzine or the Virgins of Loudun, with which some far more respectable stories have gone by the board. But, in return, the spirit which engendered the medimval faith in witch craft and possession is still alive, and finds a home in the bosom of Matthew Arnold's " average sensual man," no matter how differently he may choose to express it. No story which hears on the supernatural is too grossly improbable to he welcomed with open arms by those who cater for the popular taste. "Whether a hyp notist proposes to outdo the deeds of witchcraft, or Mr Edison, gulls a re porter with absurd tales of impossible warlike etigiues, or a faith-healer claims supernatural assistance for his unproved cures, or the Augel Gabriel discusses Egyptian politics, the gobemouchcs are ready to gape for his story, and the sciolists hasten to baud new theories of the universe upon his "facts." In all ages the great majority have been equally credulous. But our time pro. fesses to be an age of science, and that is the curious part of the business. The fact is that modern, scientific, progress has passed clean over the heads of ordiuury people; it exists only in the ampler ether of laboratories, the jerener air of philosophical transactions. The truly marvellous results of science have impressed themselves on the general mind ; while the methods which led to them, and by which they are weighed, remain High and aloof, Safe from the wolf's black jaw and the dull ass's hoof. Those who see on all hands such practical miracles as the steam-engine, the tele phone, and the phonograph, who accept the conclusions of the bacteriologist aud the astronomer, see nothing more surprising in telepathy or astro logy, since they have no con ception of the toilsome processes by which science sift3 the false from the ' true. Both France and America have lately furnished such striking instances of this that it need bo no great matter of surprise if we shortly see another Johanna Soutbcott in this country, talking, a blasphemous jargon of the Second Comiug, and making a handsome liviug by the sale of six thousand four hundred Seals of Salvation, at the price of twelve shillings to a guinea apiece. The mission of the French " prophetess " consists in lending her month to the Angel Gabriel, who speaks by it with the object of saving as many souls as possible." Great catastrophes, according to her, are at hand: the friendly Archangel has pre dicted that a large part of the globe will soon be destroyed by a visitation froui Heaven, and that Frauce, after falling a | victim to the most sanguinary of all her i Revolutions, will soon be reduced to half her present size. The Parisians are so j eager to listen to this rigmarole at first hand that Mdlle. Conedon is engaged a I month ahead, as if she were a successful | piay at the Lyceum. Poor and rich alike. Jews •incl proselytes, atheists and Free j masons, princes of science and princes of the Church, the clergy and pious church goers crowd her aute-rooms. The scien tific opinion, indeed, is that of Dr Du mont-Pallier, who has described the young lady in question as ime folic ct unc fivccusc. But scientific opinion has the very smallest influence upon the popular mind, which is too hungry for the marvellous to consider whether it is digestible. Further evidence of that is supplied by the recent excitement into which the United States were thrown by Schlatter, the New American Messiah, as his disciples called him. This impostor rose at a hound from a oobbler's stall to a station in the celestial hierarchy quite too exalted to be named. After a fast of seventy-five days—what a chance for the laf e Mr Barnum I—he began faith-heal mg, with the usual success attendant on such claims. The halt, blind, and the curious flocked into Denver from all parts of Colorado, " the holy blissful Schlatter for to seeke," and quite a number of them said they were cured. Schlatter at once went to the top of the medical tree. Letters from the suffering poured in at the rate of over a thousand, daily. Handkerchiefs were blessed and seut out to those who could not attend in person, and by their means a boy "suffering from a terrible chronic catarrh , was entirely cured," aud the world was gravely assured that "the sensation of touching the hand of Schlatter was something like an electric current being turned on." So widely was his fame spread that a special service was started by the Union Pacific Bail way by which a happy day at Denver and a selected miracle were placed within the reach of thousands of excursionists for a dollaT. M. Lippmanu, the distinguished French investigator, has succeeded in reproduc ing perfectly all the colors of nature on & sensitive photographic plate. His ex planation of the phenomenon, as cabled to the New "York " sun," 13, in brief, this : Light rushes through the camera, as through all space, at the rate of one hundred and eighty-six thousand miles per second. "With this velocity it leaves traces of its energy in the photographic picture in light and shade, but it is color loss because the forms of the individual waves or vibrations are not depicted. To secure this, result, hi. Lippmann places behind the thin, transparent gelatine film a mirror of mercury. This stops the rays of light and reflects them, thus rendering the vibrations practically stationary, as the result showed. They then leave on. the film the impress of each separate prismatic color ami shade. These effects are not similar to those of a pigment, which can be seen in any direction. The film remains transparent and its hues are like those of a soap.-bubble or other sub stances iu themselves colorless. The photographic.plate, which is developed in the ordinary manner, must be held at a cei ittin angle in order to see the chro matic effects. At a recent meeting of the Royal Institution in London, M. Lipp mann showed by reflected electric light a number of piciures produced m this manner, several being the simple colors of the spectrum, and others photographs of natural objects and scenes, including: portraits. A parcei of potatoes has reached the* " Australasian." eight of which average til b each. The tubers are sound and of" good quality. They were grown by Mr G. Plough at Barrumunga, on the route of the proposed new railway from Forest to Cape Otway. 