PRESENTATION FROM PORT AUGUSTA. On Friday evening several of the clergy of the Port Augusta Diocese, including the Rev. Fathers W. O'Dowling, S.J., J. H. Norton, R. Doyle, and P. Cleary, with some of the priests of the Archdiocese, assembled at West terrace to meet their new Bishop, when ad dresses were presented to Father Maher from the clergy and the laity. Father O'Dowling, S.J., who read the address from the priests, also on their behalf presented to the recipient of the addresses a handsome gold pectoral cross and chain—emblems of the Bishop's office. The work was splendidly done at Brunkhorst's, Rundle-street, The addresses and replies are as follow:— To His Lordship the Right Rev. James Maher, D.I)., Bishop of Port Augusta. Beloved Father in Christ and Lord—We the clergy, secular and regular, of the Diocese of Port Augusta affec tionately and familiarly unite on this the eve of your episcopal consecration to offer you our warmest and most cordial congratulations, and to testify our, mutual joy and righteous pride that our Holy Father Leo XHI. Has so singularly selected you from our ranks to fill the exalted office of second Bishop of the See. When the Diocese became vacant, and we were deprived of the kindly and Eaternal guidance of the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily by is translation to the more important Archiepisco pal See of Adelaide, we felt our loss very keenly. But when we remember that you were truly his Fidm Achates, and to you were entrusted the duties of the Vicar-Generalship, and afterwards to your prudent care was committed the still more re sponsible post of Administrator, we feel that our lot is now a happy one, and we assure you that your appointment gives us profound satisfaction. Each of us may gladly say—" Funes ceciderunt mihi in praeclaris: etenim liaereditas mea praeclara est mihi."—Psalms xv. 6. We have every reason to believe, as we hope, that your reign will he blessed by Divine Providence with most abundant fruits; and inasmuch as the needs and responsibilities as well as the utmost, capabilities of the Diocese are already so well known to you, we are quite confident its pastoral jurisdiction will be in wise and able hands. Although gigantic work has been accom plished in the past under our late beloved Bishop, yet much remains to be done for the final liquida tion of the diocesan liabilities, the general ad vancement, of religion, and the union in closer and more organised bonds of the Catholic body for the securing of our just claims on the education ques tion. In earnestly seeking to attain these desirable ends we pledge ourselves to co-operate with your Lordship'in as zealous and devoted a way as our human frailty, aided by Divine grace, caii effect. As a tribute of our affectionate attachment and priestly esteem, we beg you to accept the pectoral cross and chain—some of the insignia of your office —1which it is our privilege to present to y'ou. Wish ing you many years of health and happiness, and praying our good and merciful God to bless your episcopal labonrs, we are, your devoted fellow workers in tb.e Lord's vineyard, the priests of the Diocese of Port Augusta. April 25, 1896. [Here follow fourteen signatures.] In reply Father Mahhr saidVery Rev. and Rev. Fathers—It is a source of very special pleasure to me to receive this kind address from you, my fellow- labourers in the Diocese, to which you and I have long lioen so fondly attached. The ties which united us together heretofore as brother-priebts and fellow-"dispensers of the mysteries of God" were surely saered, firm, and strong. As the royal psalmist says:— "Qui simul mecum dulces capiebas cibos: in donvo " Dei ambulavimus cum consersu" (Ps. liv. 15). But those ties which bind us are still move closely knit now that I, so unworthy, am called upon by the grace of God and favour of the Apostolic See to preside over you with whom i ram would have remained on an equality. You must he quite aware that per sonally 1 had no wish for the responsible position which has been placed upon me. But when appointed by the Vicar of Christ and the Successor of St. Peter I felt myself constrained at once to obey; and hence, no matter what were my own sentiments, and however intimate was the' knowledge of my own unworthiness, I accepted the office to which I humbly presume I am now called by God. Your affectionate words therefore con firm me in this consideration, and the courage thereby engendered is a happy omen that our relations as priests and Bishop, begun so cor dially, with Cod's blessing, will cause my duties, in spite of many frailties and your labours always full of sacrifice, to be pleasant and, fruitful. I am heart and soul with you when you declare that we ail-keenly deplored theloss.totiie Diocese of oar late beloved Bishop the MostRev. Dr. O'Reily, Who now with each zeal and self-sacrifice, eo characteristic of the ham, successfully rides the affairs of the Archdiooese. None, indeed. Mi hie translatioa more deeply than L To hfm also we mtat all be ever grateful thai with oar Lord'shelping grace he bequeathed to nt a splendid legacy, the vivid memory of hismany good works and untiring labours in the interests of the Diocese generally, and especially the efforts made and the signal success achieved in the liquidation of its liabilities. In very trutb, as yon so touchingly note, "the lines are fallen unto us in goodly places, and our inheritance is a goodly one." Not that any merit is specially mine, as due to my past official connections with the See, as you in such laudatory terms infer, but that the happy issue is the result of the thorough unanimity which existed between the Bishop, priests, and people. It is especially gratify ing to me to find you pledging youraelves to co-operate with me in the future government of the Diocese, and promising to second in heart and deed every act of mine -for the welfare and advancement of religion and the salvation of souls. Of this I required no assurance on your part; on that score no ' misgiving occupied my thoughts. Be assured [ that no efforts will be spared on my side, as 1 far as God gives me strength, to bring about I the happy issue which you and I mutually long for and hope by our united wisdom and i' energvjo attain. I am deeply grateful to you for ytror valued address and for the beautiful presentation - with which it is accompanied. The cross will constantly serve to remind me j of our divine Master who died for us, and whose ministers we are; while the chain by its many united links in one harmonious whole will be a fitting emblem of the lasting and friendly union which I trust will ever continue I to exist between the Bishop, priests, and ; people of the Diocese. Hence I accept them ! roost thankfully, very rev. and rev. fathers, and with you T beseech our heavenly Father to grant us all to be ever faithful to our high t vocation, indefatigable in the works of our holy ministry, and to walk always so as to bo : worthy hereafter to receive the crown of eternal life. The address from the laity reads as follows:— Bight Rev. James Maher, D.D. By the grace of God and favour of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Port Augusta. My Lord—We, the undersigned, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta, venture to approach your Lordship on this solemn occasion of your consecration as Bishop of Port Augusta to tender you our heartfelt congratulations, to assure yon of our attachment to your person and our devotedness to the cause you represent. On the feast of Saints Philip and James—just eight years ago to-day—your predecessor, the first Bishop ofPort Augusta, now Archbishop of Adelaide, was consecrated in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. His ad vent amongst us was hailed, as well it should be, with delight. Owing to the then state of the Diocese the labours which were imposed on him, and which were inseparable from his high and holy office, proved to be most arduous; the monetary difficulties with which he had to contend were simply enormous, and the obstacles with which he was confronted seemed almost insur mountable. Yet, with the help of the Almighty God and the co-operation of a zealous clergy and a generous people, all difficulties speedily vanished. A new order of things soon prevailed, to the gain of religion and the satisfaction of ourselves and our I Northern co-religionists. But why do we make mention of those things to your Lordship, who, in j your capacity of Vicar- General of the Diocese1, ! knew them better than we did, and remembers them as well as we do? Because it was your Lordship, with that wisdom with which you are endowed from on high, who pointed out the best course to pursue to bring about such a de sirable change in the state of affairs. Because it was you who by your noble example stimu lated both priests and people to make persistent efforts to attain the end held up to our view and so dear to your heart and the heart of your prede cessor. These are but a few of the many reasons which can be assigned for reverting to the past history of the Diocese, and few though they 1 be they go far "to prove your fitness for the sublime dignity to which you are raised and the wisdom of the Sovereign Pontiff in selecting you for it. A little more tnan twenty-six years ago you, as a young priest, came to South Australia. During those many years you have ministered to the faithful in many parts of the province. Your zeal and great labours for the glory of God and the welfare of souls have been blessed with abundant fruit. Your many virtues have endeared yon to all with whom you have come in contact, and your able adminis tration of the Diocese during the interregnum has been fittingly crowned by your elevation to the plenitude of the sacerdotal office. One thing yet remains. Life is but a weary pilgrimage. The at tainment of the end for which we were created is the one thing above all to be desired and striven for. May it then be the happy lot of your Lordship and of the flock entrusted to your pastoral care to enter the portals of eternal glory and to sing the praises of God for ail eternity. Begging your blessing. Here follow eight signatures. Father Ma iter replied:—My Dear Friends —The kind congratulations which, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta, you offer me on this happy day reveal an earnest spirit of goodwill towards me, and are a mani fest pledge of a true Catholic: faith in and devo tion to the sacred charge which I now hold. The beautiful address, through which your expressions of esteem are conveyed, is a welcome message from the Cathedral city of the Diocese. I accept it therefore with much pleasure inasmuch as it encourages me to undertake the heavy burthen of the episcopal office with a lighter heart. Jt will serve to remind me in the future—during whatever time God's merciful care may spare me—or some of-the pleasing circumstances connected with this joyous occasion, and, let us hope, nerve me to greater zeal in the work of the holy ministry. You make reference to my illustrious predecessor, the venerated Arch bishop of Adelaide, and to his providential appointment and consecration as the first Bishop of the See. You call to mind the feelings of joy excited by his coming amongst us nigh eight years ago. You accentuate these gladsome remembrances by a brief review of that instructive chapter in our history which contains the narrative of the heroic struggle and unwearied labours undertaken by His Grace Dr. O'Reily for the liquidation of the debts then burtheuing the Diocese, and especially those of the Cathedral parish. The happy contrast supplied by the comparison of the opening and the closing pages of that period is a matter of mutual satisfaction and just pride to us all. To the magnetic influence, generous spirit, and self-denying exertions of Dr. O'Reily the initiation and the final success of the entire movement are solely due. But when you, my friends, in your exuberant good nature would fain seek to emphasize your greetings by giving me praise far above my deserts for any success achieved in that mar vellous work I must disclaim such honour, knowing that I was but a unit in the frav. The attainment of our anxious desires is to !>e attributed under God's blessing' chiefly to our late beloved Bishop, as I have already indi cated,_and then as you rightly point out to the generous Catholic spirit and singular unanimity which animated both clergy and people in every part of the Diocese. God grant that the same solid and binding ties—unity of purpose which our holy faith inspires and generosity of spirit, which is the fruit of Christian hope and charity —may firmly knit us together in the future'as the past. May the many religious works which still claim our seal and sympathy find response as prompt, active, and efficacious as charac terized the early efforts made in the Diocese in the interests of religion. Your felicitations end with * pious and salutary thought. life is, jaa truly declare, bat a weary pilgrimage. lb a, too,» constant warfare amid the exile. Whatever span God graciously allots us in this vats of tears should therefore be carefully spent in seekiiw our final end—" the one thing neoessary." (Lukex.42.)- Timefliesquickly, and when past 'tis gone for ever; it leaves no traoe behind. In the pursuit of the only noble, the one blessed business of saving our souls let its not halt nor falter by the way. Day by day let us all, Bishop, priests, and people, fight and strive to know, love, and serve bur God so as to come to enjoy Him hereafter in a happy eternity. "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen." (2 Corinthians, xiii. 13.) 