TRAINING NOTES. THE OLD COURSE. On Thursday morning the course proper was thrown open, and was much appreciated by trainers anxious to get a gallop. Shootover (Sheppard) was dispatched over a mile and thrcv-quwteis. the last round occupying mm. list JlomeKulc ran tlie tauie distance, lJiathis assisting liirc the last mile in 1 mil). 50! sue., ttie fuil distant in 3 mm. 2MJ sec, and the round in 3 mm. J J sec. Juliet and Gipsy Queen frot to tlie md of a mile and a lialt in v mm. ol sea, witli the irroy mare half a dozen lengths 111 f runt. T?e Idler wont nicely over five- furlongs. Lord Grunville (Stnnnott) and Gumuioe (rfliepinnl) jumped off at the mile and a furlong post, and ran tlie distance out in '2 miv. <ii sec, the nrst-n^aird winning easily. I'arncfl |ierformed good slreple work, aiid Carmelite did useful exercise. JCucount*', with neck-sweaters on, worked on the cinders. Hi-lena nej;otiat*-d six fuiion^s at a smart jane, and Motala was resi>o:isihie ioruicdium pacing on the cinders. The Ghost put in useful exercise on the course proper. (Taillarrfia. Radiant, and Troy were answerable for :t Rood working gallop over a mile and three-quarters, comin<r home the last turn in "? mm. witli the g:vy horse in front. Eatflehawk worked over a distance at half-pace, and I K;usi; left six fuiloiip* Ijehind on tin- cinders in ! 1 mm. 2-Hsec i.aillioy (Curtin) went about three miles at a ywd Rait, i'aul .lone.s :i?d Laliav.a, were coinjvuiious over a mile and a hair, run in 3 mm. 10 sec Both of these horses were ?rl,.K>iin- over the fmia* on Wulm- silay. I'luvius and First blaster spurted ovi.r three fiirlon/soii the tan in -111 sec Angler did lon^ steady pa<4ii(r. Union -Tack was in wairinjj to !>rhij; Trout koine from the seven furious V^t, run in 1 mm. -SL'i sec Esau c'uipix-d in at the mile ]>o^t~ and went v.ry well over five furious,-*, uhtn iie puli.-d oil: his live furlongs wen- run in I mm. 11 sc-e. Sffjuence eauut home the last jialf-iuile ol a sniu at a strong pace. Cunsawjuence was seliooled over the firnu-s and juiuped very well. Wood Held did good strilin^ work oc tin- tan and sjrasf. and KleiKric went die tirs-t seven furion^s with Sir G<-or<:<> in 1 win. 4-i^ she, the hurdle liorse coniiiij; i:onie his b>t 011 the tan : tli-i Imrii; is vc-ry -v<-il ju.st nov." | and is woi-tli watchin£f. He waitjj 10 !,-o. ljwt wa.-. not alluwi-d to extend hinis.-ii'. l!,jn:pa u?-soi.iat.-d a mili^ at a s!;ado uud-r ?veu tiriw. <^i2iir?-tte .".nd Heeoup over six furl, m^s,1 the fir-st five taViii^ 1 miv. 11 koc Ulxa's mission was a mile, covered in 1 mm- 57 sec j i'egent and another were doing moderate exercise. MOKPHfcTTVILLE. At Morpliottviiie on Thursday the subjoined cresor, looking well, got to the end of seven furlongs in 1 mill. .O sec Fair S:t!LOU had the 1 lest of First Holt over seven furlongs, run in 1 . mi?. 40 sx?c Foliage and Kirkby were eoiu ? panioiiK oiera mill-and a furlon;r, run at un ? even time trait, thu son of M:ilua having the lx-.st of it. XoiiKuiic and Ciytemnestra i?or fonned good work over once round. Nackara oviri'd a mile at wen time, and Sl.-i'Fa did good work. Boscdalc and Tn>utnlto wore couple over seven furlongs at a strong pace, the mare having the bust of : the ljuut. Taradale p.Tt'onm-d useful work on the track over two miles. I'oit Admiral, ' I'oyal Admiral, and Pitehery ran along for a mile and a lurhing in 2 mm. 7 ??a-c, Angio j Saxon being with them jart of the journey. | Y:king and Uorteusius ran together once j round .it a good working gallop, ; the chesnut holding his comi>aniou vc-ry i safe all the way. Concussion and j Si:refoot. ."performed *u?-ful work on the track. Bemieedid steady vxercisa overtivo rounds of die track. Keilj's and Quinn's year lings were <-Xfrci.>-iugii! theecntreol the course-. The Golden King was schooled over the hurdles. Broken Hill was answerable for good Work on the course pro]xr, and Principle, Eleusinian, and Princes-s of Wales (for the first five fur longs), were scut over seven furlongs, run in 1 mill. 41 sec, finishing together. The sou of Itoliinson Crusoe s?a?iu.s to be the making of a Derby,"candidate, judging by the way lie is going. John Bull put in good strong work ou Wednesday. Steeitrap iierformed over two rounds, coming home the last one at a strong iiace aud went well; this horse jumped the fences on Wednesday and fenced welL Hill's yearlings wen* spurting on the centre of the course aud they shaped very nicely. 