BRIEF NOTES. A magnificent tea meeting, reflect- ing great credit on the ladies of the Wilson street Presbyterian Church, was held in the Brighton Town hall on Tuesday evening. The concert and dance at the East Brighton Public hall, on Monday evening in aid of St Peter's school, proved most successful and enjoyable. The Malvern council consider, the local fire station arrangements are totally inadequate and out of propor- tion to Malvern's contribution to the board. Invitation performance at Assembly Hill, Brighton, by the Criterions shortly-- drama, variety and farce. Plans to he prepared for baths at Beaumaris, and estimate of cost, at Since the establishment of the butter factory in Moorabbin continuous applications are-made to the Moorab- bin council for dairy licenses--10 granted at last meeting. The Moorabbin council has decided that any purveyor of milk already registered in another municipality need not register in Moorabbin, and last Monday acting on this decision to refund two registration fees to dairymen in Dandenong shire. The Moorabbin council has accepted tenders for man, horse, and dray at 7s 6d per day. All the local constables in the Moorabbin shire have been furnished with "authority " by the council to prosecute under the municipal bye- laws "without fee or reward." You can take a horse to the well but you cannot make him drink. Miss Maggie Moore, the particular. favorite of all Melbourne theatre goers; is 'toappea\ net' week at the Thcatre Royal int e Trilby Buries rlu. ::As Maggie las hosts of warm frieds di , ill"ia;i n: all parts of this ioloiny her ason of four weeks should be a bbonoing success. Every hidy will want td see the chba -ming ohiibby Ma.-g. as Trilby and hear her new songs. She will be suppor ted 'by a powerful' and specially selected coinpany, and without doubt the'season will be hiighly. popular- Maggie 'is always popular: Good luck to her. We have received a very interest ing, laugbable: and" well written penny story, entitled the " Scrump tious Girl, by Mr Robt. Blachford, editor of the Lendon Clarion. It is, a "8clnmptiois " yarn fr,,m start to inish. A meeting is to be convened very shortly regarding the: holding of a Brighton carnival. I'Ted Hally, and Co., are'on thie war-path. It is said that the new president ship of Brighton A.N.A., rests bet- ween Hally and Cameron. Fergy's show is shadowy and ghost like. The Fourth sacred recital in connec- tion with the Brightot Congregation al Church- take places on ,Thursdayi 25th inat. There are two Criterion Dramatic Conipanies in Brighton now. One is run by Burges, the heaivy tragedian, and the other by Berkley, the blood and tilhundiier boomer.. Hotelkeeper 'Evans of Brighton Beach, was yesterday fined £4 4s' for exposing' for. 1's-le inferior whisky under the trad'itiarks of "Walker's" and '- Mitchell's." The Brighti. n Brass Band netted £3 3s by the recent dramatic enter tainmcnt. :Pieesident and Mrs Wood hold a reception at tli'e Caulfield shire hall text Tuead cy ,fti-rnoon from 3 to 5. ';,Tuiee harity ball to be held in the Caulfeld shire hall shortly promises to 'be a big success. 'The recent 'St Andrews' social at 'Caulfield fizzled fout in a miserable' financial failure. Cr Riddell says the man who is reponsible for the low-down hand rails at the ramps on Balaclava station is '- ramping" mad. Cr Riddell is still alive. Cr Griffin and President Wood didn't agree at last meeting of Caul field council. Wood left the chair, and Griffin s.aid he would never be sent back again. Grimwood and Monagle's store is to be the polling place in the south rest riding of the Caulfield shire. The Caulfield council are threatened with a claim for damages in regard to the deviation of the roadway at the Dandenong road subway. Grant Bros, coachbuilders, are the complainnts. The Railway Department won't give Cr. Phillips a clock for the Murrumbeena station. It is proposed to close the level crossing at Kambrook road and con- struct a bridge over the line at Smith street. The Wilson street Presbyterian tea meeting has resulted in a net profit of £25. A feather in the cap of Mr. Grieve, jr., and his co-adjutors. Contractor Carnell and one of his drivers named Horrell were fined 5s and 2s 6d respectively with 10s 6d costs at the Brighton Court yesterday for using a house in circumstances that involved cruelty. 