Christmas in the Country. ELIZA POTTER ' Al) beaming witli blessings, and over bo "welcome, Old Christmas comes smiling to every land ; Ho bears on bis bosom tbe light of tho agos, .And carries tho tokens o£ peace in his nand. ; . And just when tho siloucD of evening is spread-tog, ' And locusts aro crooning on mountain and plain, Ho comes and tmtavels tho scenes that havo vanished. And voices t>£ friendship apeak over again. Away in thrj distance, nigh lost in tho shadows, Are bikows of old England and holly and fires, And wanderers coming along for their Christinas Aro clasped to tho bosoms of matrons and sires. But now tho scene changes—a farm in Australia. Tho co^-boy is chasing the calves as they run, While women aro calling to bail-up the milkers And stop with their nonsense and lot them get done. Soon glistening milk-pails, with foam flowing over. As white as tho snowflake and fresh as the morn, "With sotting of cream-pans, and rolls of fresh butter By dainty young maidens as ever were born. The mtiking-timo over, they stft vision, Those girls in their riding-skit' iuit and trim, "While up from tho paddook nwa in tho distance, The cow-boy rounds " Charlie" and " Neddie" and "Tim." And in a canter wo go. for the letters. Tho post will be open and tea will bo soon, And father is hungry and mother is waiting* O, Bweet country Christmas, thy cheer is a boon* Tho table is groaning with all kinds of dainties, "We silently offer thanksgiving and praise Era taking of bounties our Heavenly Father Has given to help us to walk in His ways. And oft in the silonco of years of remombrance These visions and pictures unfaded appear. Like ghosts of the blessings that pass us unnoticed, Yet still to our being unspeakably dear. Some. dear ones aro covered with daisies and blossoms, And some now are grand-dames, quiet and , groy* ( . "Yet memory crowns the sweet scenes of their i childhood \ "With wreaths of eternity fragrant and gay. I And Mary and Jeanio,now grown into maidens, I Weave garlands this Christmas for weary and sad. The fruit of their doings redounds to the glory Of Him whose remembrance is making us glad. __ 