THE WAVERLEY CONTEST. The contest at Waverley to-day in volves more than the Interest which at taches to an ordinary bye-election. The Opposition have made it the occasion for challenging1 the Government to a trial of strength before the electors, with the view of showing them that a revulsion of feeling has talten place since the general appeal to the country. Therefore, although the gain or loss of one seat in the present state of poli tical parties would of itself be a small thing, the moral effect of to-day's elec tion can hardly fail to be pronounced and far-reaching. That the issue is Government versus Opposition— mean ing thereby freetrado versus protection —is generally understood. Never, per haps, has the personality of the oppos ing candidates counted for so little, and the principles behind them for so much. The battle has been fought over their heads by the leaders of the two parties, who have made it, as far as a bye-election can be considered in that light, a test question with regard to the present popularity of their rival policies. On the protectionist side everything that the combined ingenuity of the party could do for the purpose of discrediting the fiscal work of the Government has been done. The elec tors have boon told that it is respon sible for every unemployed man in the country, and the liveliest imaginations have been drawn upon for the conjur ing up of terrible visions of plots hatching abroad to swoop down and deluge our markets with such an over whelming abundance of good things that there will soon be nothing for the local worker to do but stand idle, whilo the obliging foreigner gratui tously feeds and clothes him. What the Waverley elector thinks of this pic ture is expected to be expressed at the ballot-box to-day, quite irrespective of the personal merits of the various can didates. And what the Waverley elec tor thinks will, rightly or wrongly, be taken by many as showing what the country thinks. The protectionists, therefore, if by any chance tlioy cau get their candidate in between his two opponents, will make an amount of false capital out of this election that is not usually to be got out of such contests. ICuowing that iiPich, it will be the duly of the free traders to make a special effort to cope witli their heavy handicap of a split vote, and prevent the loss of the seat. It is not sufficient for them to poll a majority of votes to-day. They should poll enough to give a majority- over protection to one candidate wifli out counting those polled by the rival claimant for free trade support. Prac- tically, therefore, the iBsue will be be tween Mr. Jessep and Mr. Barlow, as the accredited representatives of the contending parties. It is only the votes given to these that will count. The frcetradc strength at Waverley has usually been sufficient to hold the seat safely against all-comers. But that is when it has been polled. It will require polling on this occasion. Sympathy will not win the election, and no matter how big the majority is, if it does not take the trouble to vote, while the minority does vote, its cause will go down. The protection ists being the challenging and attack ing pnrty, as well as the party backed by special monetary interests, may be relied upon to poll up to the top limit of their strength. It will behove the freetraders, therefore, to do the same, unless they are willing to risk a moral defeat, which would be sure to make its effects felt amongst the weaker ves sels. A protectionist victory, no mat ter how obtained, would be taken as an excuse for re-opening the fiscal question, which the last two general elections so emphatically closed, and the time of Parliament that is required for practical work would be taken up In onco more laying the unresting ghost of protectionism. The country wants nothing of that kind. It re mains for Waverley to veto that by giving Its flat denial to the assertion that the people have begun to repent of their recent fiscal decisions, and re fuse the protectionists the pretext which they seek for renewing a barren and hopeless strife. 