Maxebulimko xjie-Oiiobtsi. Tbe most sensational. feature ofr Mr. Ernest Husking'* entertaiiiinent' at Hry.'s ballon XUes* dny night was. not bis ventriloquism,, which wua very clpver;. or the uiueioal performance* ub Mr.Wtlli»mson,.whiab were rouiurkuble;ououKh:: It is hy-bis-spirituahstio seance that be will be, romombered in Uundugai, Having kept a. full. iwwiQ iu.it-ata of laughter £ur about uu hour and a hulf, ho invited Drs. QaJbrisl and O'Dwyer. tho Eev. A. 0. Mosley, the Her. Father Byan,. and Mr. QrifSfl on to the stagt. Mr. Moaley retired to a dressing loom with. Mr. Hosking, and vratohed him dressing,, and took eu» that he did not conceal any spiritual ijlio robes about his clothes. When they, rs appcared. on the stage, tb» littla cabiist waa* examined, and Mr. Griffin declared, that tkara. was nothing mytterious about it. Tbanlfatkei Bran took a stioag cord and tied tha median by ' th» nook, and sealed tb* knots. M». Hosking was than ti»d bauds and. all in a. bag,, which was faatoued- found, hi* neok.aftw. which. ba was placed in a ohsir la tbe cabinet,. au4 Mr. Moiley held, the ohord, and. promised: to. iopMtto.thBaudienwoT.ery. movement ol tb» medium. Father Syan va* invited lo draw the curtains,, and while doing so a hand appealed, hum inside, the cabinet and touched him on the faco.. This was mysterious enough, tor. there was no. ona ia tha cabinet bat Mr. Hpaking,.«nd his bands were. tied.. Iho commutes bad bean sitting round/ tbe cabinet all. the. timoh and Mr. Williamson was at the piano. There aw only too member* Withe company and .an ad Macs ageut,'who, yu». at Cootamundra^ so: that a, o.onfsd«at9'.wasoutof.tha quoslipn.. .- .Sio, lights wore tbtm. turnod. down,, and: SttHjentiji* -iio,rdie-1fcinouno|t th»« hs- had just artjrt: **«».-th8 spirit Wrld*' anfl that?- be would llfcp tS.speak lo members, ot tha coat rsittee. Qe walked out of. the cabinet, ifl. lpng whilaTobesi- Then the little blaok. g'ul Gissia, appeared,, and asked Dr. Qabriel to feel bar pulie. Uo did. so. She., asked far ojioaalates,. and getting none, she sai&good-bye; and retired.. A:(ady's voiao waa heard. - '-Joaepbeue is. here, flay the spook wall V' The sp,ook. waits, waa. atruok up,, and, Josophene with, bar, flowing aair and white, robos.wiilkad from, (he cabinet,, and waited about the stage,, amidst a, weird and deadly silence.. She then, said goad-bye, and disappeared. Tie lights, ware turned, up,, and the curtains drawn, aside. Mr. Busking W still.in tha. bag,, the seals, had. not; been tampered with, and Mr. Mosley,.wbp held, the ohord with, which ho. was- tied,, declared that to, hisknoiledga the medium hud not moved.. : There, then was. a. mystery !. Tbe applause. ;wae deafening.. One could, quite understated, after that seapca,.how.MiB, Mel|ou.dec.elve4.sQ, imauy, peoala in Sydney.. 