AiOii tj A PLACE. 1tFi(JOMYJ6K* LEY HALL AND W0_PPTABLE COLONEL BULL. How the Planter Sept His Household Goods From the Hands of the "~aiders." Pictures of a Beautiful Suburb That All Visitors to Charleston Admire. Woodlands thick with undergrowth; tranquil country stillness, the stillness of a bit of country comparatively un tilled and unpastured; roadways lined with tall and stately trees-such the scene as the clatter of horses' hoofs echo ing on the hard flooring of the river bridge dies away into noiseless footfalls and the wheels turn without sound in the yielding soil of St. Andrew's. The murmured chorus of countless pines charms us into forgetfulness of the city's close proximity across the river. Ahead the way unfolds to us, broad and smooth, winding between long battalions of an cient oaks, muffled up to their chins in gray; on through miles of the century old trees, their massive trunks bound with fibrous scarfs, as if to veil the-scars of successive seasons, every twig and branch and spray hung with streaming moss. Grand old oaks! Autumnal storms and April airs in turns have tossed and kissed their rugged boughs, yet the giant trunks stand firm. Scarce a gap in the uniform line shows where a grenadier has fallen out of ranks, and, elbow to elbow, they guard the ancient highway from encroachment of forest or field. Here is an old gateway, the entrance to the grounds which once surrounded Ashley Hall, one of the proudest and most spacious of the ancestral homes in this parish. We pass through the use less massive portals into the driveway beyond. In the shaded light the avenue seems dreaming of the past, for these great oaks stand guard over the wreck of all they were intended to adorn. Of the stately home to which their beauty formed a fit approach nothing. now re mains but the crumbling marble steps and tall, spirelike chimneys. Little pickaninnies play hide and seek where once the flowers in "my lady's garden" grew in trim lIfxuriance. Only the Ash ley is unchanged as it ripples by on its way to the sea, its waves as blue and sparkling as when it bore many a boat ing party from the mansion house. Ashley Hall was the scene of a munifi cent and lavish hospitality in antebel lum days. Its owner possessed immense plantations in Mississippi and Louisiana in addition to his Carolina estates, and the great halls and spacious drawing rooms of the St. Andrew's mansion were frequently thronged with a gay com pany of the most distinguished people of the state. The host was passionately fond of the chase and delighted to as semble about him those who shared in his love.of sport. Deer hunts, partici pated in by famous sportsmen from all over the south, were features of every season. The same open handed generos ity. that dictated a hospitality so marked obtained between master and slave, and the large retinue of servants at the hall were a happy, care free set. It was tra ditional that no one was ever sent away empty handed who applied for aid at the doors of this plantation home. This old hall, in which seven genera tions of the same family had dwelt, liv ing almost ideal lives, met with a tragic fate. The organized struggle between the north and south was at an end, but the "raiders" were in possession of this country. They had already sacked and destroyed every house in the parish, with a single exception, and that plan tation was occupied by an enemy more dreaded even than demoralized soldiers -namely, smallpox. That frightened even rough handed rapacity away, and venerable Drayton Hall, today famous for its wonderful gardens, was preserved inviolate. The knowledge of the fate that had overtaken the homes of his neighbors, and which he felt that a few hours more would precipitate upon his own, determined Colonel Bull. Calling for kindling wood, surrounded by his awestricken servants, he himself applied the pine torch to his household gods. Pictures, plate, antique furniture, val ued heirlooms-all were sacrificed save the small number which could be has tily secreted by trusted slaves when they learned of his intention. It is related by Au eyewitness that the stalwart planter wept tears of infinite sorrow as the sounds of falling brick and crumbling woodwork smote upon his. ears. Just back of the house is an ancient monu ment erected to commemorate one of Carolina's colonial governors, an ances tor of the doughty colonel. It was on the base of this shaft that the master of the manor sat and watched the destruc tion of his home. We retrace our way along the ranks of rare old trees, passing through the ancient gateway, fit subject for poet's theme, into the open road, where we are greeted by a procession of oaks as sym metrical as those we left behind. Miles of moss fringed trees, their somber cur tains swaying far above, and again drooping so as almost to tonch the earth about their feet, continue even to the cleared strip of land immediately in front of the bridge. Opposite lies the city, her cluster turrets and slender spires outlined against the evening sky. Asked how we like the oaks, we say that they are "beautiful," but all the while we are conscious that they have a charm of their own not to be interpreted in words.-Cor. New York Post. A Great Landowner. A tourist was being driven over a part of the country in Ireland where his infernal majesty appeared to have given his name to all the objects of interest in the locality, for there was the Dev tl's bridge, the Devil's caldron, the Devil's glen, etc. Said the traveler: "The devil seems to be the greatest landowner in these parts." . "Ah, sure, your honor," replied the jarvey, "that is so, but he lives in Eng land. I think he's what they call an absentee landlord inIreland."-London Jentlewoman. 