LADY TURPIN. BY HENRY HERMAN. Author of "His Anj?el, : ' "Eagle Joe,"' "Scarlet Fortune, &c.;, &c-.;, and parta'itharof "The Silver King." CHAPTER II. THE WELL. BOU8K, GCNNEHSBIT.Y. The Well House, Gunnersbury, waa the oldest binldinjj for many miles round- Tha well from which it took its name in ages gone by had furnished a water supposed to be endowed with great healing properties. In the airly part of the last century it waf a resort of the semi-fathionable kind, and delie3te dames used to drive oat from their mansions in Mayfair, with the rise of the morning sun, So drink tfieGnnaesbury witters But the water, it would appear, lo6t ite healing properties ;ind itE reputation, and the glories of the Well House departed, never to return. Alter that the Well House poised through over a century of various vicissitudes and fortunes. It was it one time the residence of a fair lad}- of the period, who there held her mimic Court every Sunday, and in the reign cf the last of the Georges it was the property of the fair lady's aon, who gambled it away, together with the rest of his belongings. Litigation ensued, and the Well House, with all that to it pertained, was thrown into that abyss of destruction—Chancery. There it remained until a few years previous to the commencement of our history, acquiring daily a more firmlyestablished reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of its previous owners. The walls were mere tottering stands of masonry, overrun by ivy and other creepers, tfce woodwork rotten.The ironwork crumbled beneath -tie touch, and the garden was, in summer time, one lovely wilderness of untrammelled glory. A day arrived when the Court of Chancery, tired of its work of destruction, determined to sell tha place, and Mrs. Hill, Endalie' aunt, bought it for the proverbial song. Bricklayers, masons, carpenters, and so forth, were set to work, and the result was a pretty, comfortable, modern villa, provided with everything that oould make life enj oy&ble.; Mrs. 'Hill had long been on the look-oat for suoh a place—quiet, secluded, situated on a road used by few people, and absolutely unove^ looked The address was a good one, and the house had been so oonstz-ucted that surprise wafc impossible. In case of danger, there'was a little window on the highest point of the roof, from which the approaches on all sides could be Been for a milo round, and, although attack was difficult, the means of escape were well provided for., At the same time, the Well House presented every Appearanae of the highest respectability. The staff consisted of Mike Roan, the serving man whom the reader has seen, of an elderly woman who had been many years in Mrs. Hill's service, and of ber daughter, who was equally devoted to the family . The nert morning waa as fine and balmy as the pre vinos night had been wretched and rain-soaked. In the Well House some of the inmates had been astir from about fiveo'clock, and by seven it would have puzzled the shrewdest detective to find in the plaoe & proo of the burglary which had been committed by Endalie /erpoint. The jewel boxes had been burned, the gold melted into one lump, and the jewels tied into little packets, which were secxetod upon the person of Mrs, Hill. Mrs. Hill herself was driven shortly after nine to urannersbary Railway Station, where she took a train citywards- Mike then returned tothe Well House, and, depositing in his dogosrt a lady's portmanteau and valise, sent word to inform Miss Endalie that the trap was ready. The young lady herself stepped into the garden shortly afterwards, as radiant with smiles as if her past night had been undisturbed by aught but the brightest and most innooent of dreams. Dress, face, and figure were equally charming, and her beauty seemed to be rather of the frail and fragile than of the kind which is improved bv muscular exeroisa. Had anybody plaoed by the side of thoee tinv patent-leather shoos the heavy Bluchcrs whi she had kicked off in the hall, and even suggested that she might have worn them, he would hare been thought mad. Endalie jumped lightly into the vehicle, and frAt-rngr the rams from Mike's hands, dr aw^y m the direction of Richmond. She had passed every step of that road on the previous night, and it moved her pulse not the space of a breath to returnby the way along which she had toiled in' the rain with her booty in her pockets and her liberty at the mercy of any policeman who might stop her. The morning paper had contained no announcement of the burglary, but that was hardly possible, as the news oould not have readied Fleet-street in time. As she passe the .gateway of ^Benchiof Lodge, however, she noticed a polioeman standing there, engaged in conversation with what to Endalie's practised eye appeared to be a detective. . " They've found out by this time that they've font something, 7 ' she Baid to herself, " and are trying to look for it.™ At that moment, a oarziage and pjir came Hoahing down the walk towards the road. Two ladies were seated in it, both young and fashionably dressed. Endalie shot a sneerful glanoe towards them and drove on. " It's no use, my daziing Angelina," Endalie said to herself, "grieving over these ear- zings. YouTl nev»r see them again. They'll decorate some Eastern beauty, whoU never know that you're breaking that dear little heart of your's aver them." It is probable that nad Lady Angelina Ayot oeen aware of Miss Endalie VerjxrinfE selfsommunion she would have been inclined to feel even more spiteful than Endalie gave her credit for. Richmond Station was soon reached, and there Endalie took the train to Windsor, the faithful Mike returningwith the empty dogcart to Gnnnersbury. A handsome, hale, and hearty old gentleman, whose white moustache and shorttrimmed white whiskers labelled him as an old soldier, was waiting an Windsor platform, in the company of a. pretty young Jsdy, whom the flush of expectation had made doubly charming, when the train from town steamed in. The old gentleman's eyes ran up and down the line of carriages, and when at last he espied the object of his search in the person of Endalie- • Verpoint, he pushed nis way through the crowd towards her with a vigour and • energy which prophesied another thirty years at least of healthy life. \- The young lady followed quite as determinedly, but with less force of onslaught upon the throng. Then there oame a Boeat of handshaking and kissing such as is supposed only to happen when young ladies meet who are really loud of one another, and who have not seen each other for some days at least. Endalie's belongings, together with Endalie and Miss Winnie Thevenev were speedily deposited in the landau whicn was waiting outside the station, whilst Sir Peter swung himself on to a big chestnut and was readv to plav the part of attendant equerry ; then the cavalcade set out for the Rook's Neet, about a milo iwty. Thai Endalie Verpoiat and Winney Hie- \- vsney were two as pretty young ladies hs might havB been found in the Royal Borough that day oould not have been denied by any man who had eves, nor by any woman, critically disposed though she might have been. Endalie, dark, with a heauty but for her fair skin of the Southern type, with flashingdark eyBB and curly dark-brown hair, setting off tie most translucent Of complexions: and "Winnie, fair, dreamy, Hue-eyed, of the tenderest and sweetest Anglo-Saxon type. There was always that in Endalie's eyes which might have made a man afraid of the character that lay behind that handsome face, but that Winnie was as good as she Was pretty miffht h&ve; been read in every feature, in every line. And it was but natural, when one of these two charming young ladies was engaced to be married to a desirable young gentleman, in the person of Mr. Christopher Churn, before the end of the month, that the talk of the moment should wander towards millinery and ladies' finery,towards dresses and bonnets, and the hundred what-nots dear to the female heart. Endalie wts in her brightest and sprightliest of moods. Things had gone very well on the previous night, and she was then journeying towards a fresh hunting-ground. All plans had been most studiously prepared. All the traps were well baited. A tried and trusted confederate, in the person of Reuben Mayes, the gardener of the Rook's Nest, had measured every inch of the ground, examined every lock, and settled every door and path of escape. Every emergency had been provided for, and absolutely nothing seemed to bo left to chance. Failure itself could not bring detection in ite track. And that waa to be her last coup—that o danger over, she had promised herself repose and the life of an honest woman. Whether she lattor would prove as interesting a£ her present one of excitement and crime she knew not, but for the moment she longed for it. 1'he thoughts nrr.", and went, black, grey, and white, but the smile never left that handsome face. How it affected her friend who sat by her side, in all her love and confidence, interested her not. The Rook's Nest was a pretty place, standing in about ten acres of i>aik-liko grounds. It had criminally been built by Sir Peter'6 grandfather, a Director of the East Ir.dia, Corapsny in its most glorious days. It was a roomy, comfortable house, built modestly and with little view to outward show, though it boasted of some artistic pretentions111 the Gothic windows of the billiardi-tion and the library, the iron scroll-work which protected the donrs zjid windows and the stone carvings, and especially in the marble glories of its colonnaded hall. Age had toned down the flaringred of the bricks of which it was mainly bnilt, and a vail of creeping plants helped in the task. It stood in close proximity to the open road, from which it was sheltered bv a couple of score or bo pf huge and venoraule elms and poplars. The gardens and grounds stretched away at the back of the building at far as the eye could rrach. Thr brightest of laughter echoed across the sward ae the landau drove up the gravel path towards the verandah of the dining-roon'.. Happiness and jood choer and the comforts of an English home. And the dove at that moment was bringing the hawk into her nest as an honoured gnosu 