??'^^B^^gPBfeV;: . TSse i&ry;/of-'a^SiniirCF.; sy''iiDNA lyall. '.'...', .1 CHAPTER XVII. (Continued.). 'Nothing will make me believe thto,' said Doreeri,' who had a 'strong tinge to K«iltioj belief in the' supernatural. 'I ]. will tell you a H'ory' of an Irish ghost ?TwhicH my 'father . himself knew to b© . trua : it ia g very nibe oort, not all croopy . and it nhowua traitin tbn.jrif.li churuo er which EuRliBh people don't realize.' ' What 4a that ?' eaid M-ix. ? Their unceasing memory of kindness. A.n ItiBhman never forgets.' '! ; '»? ' Let us hpV» the storv,' Vuid Dodoviii. % Farrant/ ♦'Tlii^is* p^eoiBely 'the right sort of light fptji:'^' . ..; ; ; , « Well,' 8»iit Dor^vn, iiv her :clear,,me!- 'lovr voice with ita. delicious modulations, ? * taerewa* once upoa a time a well-tordo settler :inv Australia,': who lived some ?'-.; ififty nrilear:fxom a town. ?. He waa in the ;... *_ habit ofjiiflinji/in occasionally to draw ' : ? out moirey- front his bank^and on one ol' \- ' UhoKd. ndeBj as he was returning with a .gooddeal;o£ goldr.upon him, ho wao Stopped by-:.an: Iriohmun. who bogged 'him inoat . piteouBly to lend him some money to get hiopaasage back to Ireland. v3The man wta in terrible diatreea, long '.. ing to get 'back to hia people in the old country, wiio needed him in some great trouble, but absolutely without means to.^pay-bifl'fariB. ? ? : . '?'2'du ara aiperfeot stranger to me,1 -eoid'tho ?EngliBliman. :- How am'Itd trust you??'' Yet all the tima he felt «oi2y- for- tne pofer'follow, and inclined to believe ia him;1- ??-' ?' - -'? ' ' ' If you wi'll'o'nly help me,1 cried i he Irioliman, ',:I will- never forget'it;to you, .teji&me; th'o.lQan of tho inoney, and I w^^f'W ?3;oiu ^°V» and, should death ov.8iw»a mo, ooie tiien. riVzepay.-y'ou in the nest world/ . . . ... '* ... .. .. ?Tie Englishman, louohed. by the appeal, lent, the money. Years. passed hyt and nothing waa.heard of the Irish man. One. day. he wao again, riding along the same rpad, and again parrying an unuauajy; large amount of: gold from, hia bonk. ;HeLwas feeling n.ervoua .that day, for there had, recently been a bad highway robbery, and a solitary traveller had boeen jobbed and murdered by two ruffians who. were still at large. . In the very loneliest part- of the; road he all at once felt^hat he was being followed. For a while _ .;he tried to believe it was nothing but.. fancy ; the way. was so lough, and iilly that it was . impossible to urge on ,his horse, and at last, glanc ing round, hie. worst, fears were realized ; ; lie saw that two -villainous-looking men TCese rapidly, epp toacbing.,.him. . They drew uearer-and; yet nearer ; - in the clear; atmosphere he could ,plainly. hear their WOrde. . y.._ . , . . . .,...., . ?? ? ?;.-...:? ; ' « Now ia the. tima/ eaid -one ; . « for ' ward !' t- ? ' ? ? ?.'.- . '. '?-. ? . .'. .-, .'. / ** Hold, f;you. .fool !'.oried! the other,: ?with a sudden, change.of- tone. ,' It's no . nee ; don't you see' there ara two of them?' '?''?- r,'/ :.... ? ??; ? '' ; ? - ' ? ? r Amazed at ttieir worda, heL glanced Tound, and- there, at hia right hand, was the Irishman , walkio g beside him. There was something in . the look of him that awed the traveller too mtch for ?words, yet he felt nothing but intense surprise and relief. The. two ruffians -ftuxned and fled the instance .they real \- Szed that there mightbo friek to tbem selves in attacking their victim, and the Irishman walked uteadily on beside the traveller, until hio home waa in Bight/ than suddeniy vanished. And the Eng lisbinan realized that the promise' had been kept, and,- t,hat, unable to pay the loan ia this world, the man had doubly, repaid faimin the next He .understood that the itiah. never for _-et.' ?That is the rbeBt;, ghost story I ever heard,' eaid..Mra. Farrant.; 'but did not. the traveller, spfluk. to the Irishman P' . *I cannot' eay 3 : &-e'may have flpoken.. I tell the stoiyaB cay father told it to , me, and I believe ;ho Qhad - it from the ' traveller. bimoelf.'% ?'- t '? ??It is ho ^difficult', ever ?'? to get ar story' /, at first hfand;! said Dohowau Farrant, 4 but I cof^SB that sounds- iEO2e possible to' me than .your1 Abbey ghoat, in ivhioh I cfin'fc get up any sort of belief »r ?? \- /. ' l I.halieyoin ! him.'leaid Dpreeo.' !/In ,,'-*- _i?-?i-v';;i;i.m rATaSr afraid'b'f 'him.'' 'IKTotTar . i ' . ' ?'??: ;?..????.?? ing. would induce me to go to the Abby j after dark.' '; \- ufYou might go a/hundred times and ,aed nothing,' said Max, laughing. * It i9:only on certain nights, according to old Goody, that he takes tho trouble to show up. I' wish to goodnesB I could lay him eomfthow, for it is a serious drawback to the place ; two or three times, when we were anxious to let it for the snmmer, the plan fell through on account of tais silly ouperatition. The ladies of the party objeoted to a haunted place, aud it was no us© to toll them that the- gaost limited himself to the walls of tho ruins, and had never been so ill- bred as to trouble us in the house.' ' You are going to lay it yourself, by restoring the ruin,' oaid Dorpen smiling ; and they foil to the discussion of planB for the projected buildings. Doroen woko the next morning, with an exultant feeling that the great day of her life bad dawned, the dav for which she had so long waited and hoped She Bang to herself from ohoer lightness of heart as oho dressed, and her bright face seemed to inspirit the others when they all met at breakfast. Afterwards, they drove into Firdale, to be present at tho counting of the votea, and tho keen air of that punny April morning Boemed! to banish all the misgivings whioh had Beized them during the night, and to buoy them up with hope. The waiting waa terribly long ; Doreen hardly knew how to endure it. Like one in a drcamr sho watched the sedate, impartial air of toe returning officer and his assistant, tho well-assumed calm of Mr. Steele, and the undisguised eagerness of her lover. She eat beside Mra. Hereford, marvelling at her quiet patience, arid from time to time, when tho tention became unendurable, she tried to forget it all, and looked forth from the window at the crowd, wLioh grew and ^row, until by twelve o'clock the whole of ti.e niarketTplace was packed with people, aagerly waiting for the announcement sf tLo poll. She had contrived to be oomo so much, absorbed iu outer thinirB, that when Mra. Hereford touched heron the arm, she startpd back to a painful re membranes of fcho prooaot, and saw ihat the supreme moment was at hand : ivith throbbing heart and panting breath jbe waited, hope struggling, with fear, p-et always coming off conqueror. For a noment there waa deathly stillness'-in ihe room ; only from the' outside came jhe subdued murmur of the waiting and sxpectant crowd. Then the returning )ffioer announced the figures :— ? For Mr. Steele, 700, For Mr. Here ford, 697, Cons arvaliva majority, three. Tiie room Bwam befotaher eyesfor a uinute ; when she could see again, she round that Mas was shaking hands with the new member courteously enough, 3ut with a dazed air, as of one who has just received an . unlooked-for blow, Fhe aotion touched her; it bore witness to hio innate courtesy, whioh even in suoh a moment was not to be laid aside: h.a tho new member turned to HrB. Here Pord, she came olose to Max, and slipped ner hand into hie. ' Yqu know how to fail,' she said in a low. voioe, ' and nexttimeyou will eurely win.' There waa bustle and confusion in the oom, the window -was thrown open, he returning officer stapped on to the )alcony to announce the result of the 'leotion, but the two lovers still stood i little apart ; in the bright, hopeful ilue eyeB lifted to hisj Max forgot for a4 aoment his bitter disappointment. Already he was thinking ' of the hanges that would have come in his ife, when that ' next time' of whioh he spokohad actually arrived. ?'- ' Shall I have your help in the nest ight ?' he asked, below his breath. , ?Why, of oourae,' she replied, with a-; ;lanoe full of sweetness and confidence ; you will always have it when you want . He , pressed her hand, and together hey moved towards the window and mce more heard the fatal announcement i.nd the mingled cheers and groans with yhich it' waa received. Then ' the new nember spoke a few pleasant words ind politely hoped that ho might always lave to do with bo bonourablo'ttn opppn int; and when the victor had'^ bowed limself off. the balcony, tha 'crowd,' .ffcertheirusual somewhat trying faahion emanded a sight of the vanquished, nd Max, ? feeling rather as if he were stepping on to the Bcaf£old,,at hia exoou tipn, w^nt out to receivB1 an ovation from1 jbia. f611owe'r?'v^rSich' was' not' a little tryin/r in the present state of liis feelings. And' yev there, still lingered with him the warm pressure of Dornen's haud, and that cheering thought of the next time. In the strength of uer hope fulness, he Bpoke a few straightforword manly words, candidly owning hie di8 nppointment, confidently looking for ward to ;u.ure auocess. 'Let our honour able defeat/ he concluded' ? spur uo on till at the next elention our oauso may havj an honourable v'o ory.' After tbia, Mr. Steele's supporters dragged hia carriage triumphantly through the town, amid trreat rejoicings and old Killigre w watched the procession with satisfaction. ' 'E is, after all, a verj' moderate. Con servative/ he reflected, ''and a pleusant looking, urbane ..frentlMmun ; tuere's Bomethiop:, too, that pleases me in i hi way 'e cut9 'is beard. I'm not on the wholo sorry that'e'e to be oar member ; 'e'll be a credit to the place, there's no doubt of that/ The o'd man stood on hia door-Btep, discussing the very narrow majority with some of the paasoss-by, and trying to di«cover if there was any liklihoud of a recount. Presently the sound of wlieele roused him from this discussion. ' 'Why, there goes Mr. 'Ereford,' ho re marked, making just as low a bow as he had made a few minutes before to the successful oandidate. ' Poor fellow! 'o do look disappointed. ' I'm really sorry for 'im ; there's a deal thut'a good in 'im, and '- f* a fine, 'andsome fellow, nobody can't deny, though I do some times wish V wou'id grow 'iB moustache juat a trifle longer'. But Lor' bless you, 'o don't think much of 'is looks, or 'e'd roaliz' fast enough that 'iB mouth wan not tiie beflt. feature 'e 'ad, and would be all the better for a little more 'air about it. All V thinks) about iB what is what is best for 'is speechifying. 'E do look mortal fagged, poor fellow,.an! no mistake,' ;-\ ', .;.;' ' . '? ., . Max wan in truth desperately disap pointed, -ind like most high-tjpirited p op-lo, whtn be did go down into the depths of depression it was no easy taBk to get him out again. The Farrants \«.-ere' obliged to leave 'directly after, the poll had been- d«clare'd, and tb6Te was i omsthing very dreary in the atmosphere o' t:ie' house when th« three returned to Lnoh a-fter toe! i dismal morning'a work. Mrs. Hereford, and. Uoreen made bra-ye efforts totalk during the meal, but Max was not responsive, and afterwards shut himself up in the smoking-room. As for Doreeu she fell fast asleep on the drawiog-rooin Bbfa, xtioro tired than she would have cared to own, by the strain of the election. To Bleep was well enough, 'but to. wake- to the remombranoe of that crushing disappointment was hard, indeed ; for tunately she was too sensible to waste time iu brooding over tho inevitable, aud springing up from the sofa, she bej^an to work conscientiously at Solfeggi, then found eome pleasure in singing ' The Meeting of the Waters.' This speedily drew Max from the smok ing-room ; he stole in quietly, hot draw ing near to the pidno, but waiting in thoorial window at the further end of the room, forgetting for the time- his miserable depression as he listened to the sweet voice and exquisite air. . The words, too, fell ?' soothingly on his ear, ' Sweat- vale of Avooa ! how calm could I resfc; In the bosom of shado with the friends I love best. Where the storms (ihafc we feel in this cold world should cease. And bur hearts, ? like thy -waters, be mingled in peace-.' ? -? As the last .'.chorda .died away into silence she heard his step approaching. * Oh, is it yon ?' she cried, her faoe lighting ' npi- '. I never heard ' any ? one come into'the room.' ♦You played Orpheus to my JEurydice.' her' said, Bmiling, 'and witched me out if the inferno of the smoking-room and ?f iny^ dismal reflections. Tho,t song is, if te? all, the mokt beautiful of all the [rish melodies.' . -?:?,— ? ?;'????- ' I Bang1 selfishly to drive put myown Hsmal reflections,' she replied. 'I took Moore's: advice, ' you see,' and with a . 3mile that was sweet, yet half moqking, she turned over/the, leaves ;; of the book ind pointed to the lines, — ., ' . , ' Friecdship's ^ balmy words may, feign], . r. , .. ?; v. Lore's aro e'in more '-'-Jalae than 'th'ey; f' ' :Oh 1 .'tis1 only Music's strain ? ' Oaij aWeetly eootheand not- betray !' 'Do you baiieve that.?' aaid Max. ? Why, no}'- net a bit,' she repliod, with a little rippling laugh, ' What qi curious oreed one would nave, if- it were ' nooasaary to believe all that one sings !' 'What should .you* Bay to.a walk .up Rooksbury?' said SEas, new life seeming, to fill him as he watched ho;aunny;face. Sho turned a little on' tho music etoolr uud took a rapid glaiico at him.- ?''.'? '-?' ? I taink,'- Hbo repliud,- ' you are' 'too -* tired fora climb after alltnat yoli have beeu throug'i.' '?'''.' ' Doea that mean that you will have nothing to eay to an unsuccessful can- . .-. didate ?' ' I don't break my.promiseaj jb'ut.WjBj..' should perhapB climb .better if -^-rif-^'ehe^.' heoitatud. . . r ,,-...} lr';- ??.'??? '.-'... (to be continded); ,..£,;. j;; , .,, -i., 