FIELDS BIMRBENOWN \- ^-- — ; — : ? . , BY JOSEPH JlObixIXG. Author of 'All Men Are lilarfe,' 'Ishmael' Pengelly,' 'The Story of Andrew Fairfax,' &c.; CHAPTER IX. The next morning Mrs: Bhndy told Merlin a good deal of her experience, informed him as to the number of her children and of the state of her liver.. Indeed, Merlin found be fore a week was over that the ? two subjects j which Mrs. Blindy most delighted in were I her prospects in life before ' 'Arry wur con- j verted and went a-slummin' fus the Awniy,' j and the condition of her liver, the latter being j in reserve when me otuer was exuaubieu. Having taken him into her onfideiice, how- j ever, and after telling him that two of her, 'gels was engiged to Awniy officers* and that the youngest and best-lookin' wasn't a-suited ? yit, she a-bein' so pertikler,' she naturally j expected that Merlin should return her eour- j tesies, and was not a little disappointed that j the young man did not satisfy her curiosity, i She comforted herself, however, with the j thought that when she had won Ms confi dence 'he'd be glad of a mothar,' and so kept her temper. After a breakfast of bread and rancid but ter, the young man took a parcel of MSS. j under his arm, and went out to interview ; publishers and editors. I will not try to de- i tail his experiences. . His story has been told j time after time. It is true he favorably im- j pressed some of the people whom he went to I see, and they looked at his work with care. Some of them thought favorably of his writ ings; too, -but none of them saw fit to ac cept them. Merlin so6n found out that every editor of position had a list of able writers on his staff, whose names were a guarantee that their work would be accepted by the public. Moreover, he discovered that an edi tor^must find very exceptional merit in an unknown man before he would pay for his contributions. During the first three months of his stay in London his success was hardly worth men- : tioning. He made thp most of the two ay- j tides which were accepted, however, in his i letters to Cornwall, and made his father and j mother think he had acted wisely in leaving home. At the end of sis months he had scarcely advanced a step, while his money had van ished. I think he would have gone home at this time, if he possessed the. wherewith to pay his railway fare, but he did not, and was too proud to write telling his friends that he had failed. ' For this reason, too, he had not told Helen Granville that he was destitute; rather he tried' to Impress upon her the fact that he had placed his foot on the ladder of fame, and would, if they were both patient climb to the top. Helen wrote him long, cheerful letters, assuring him that she wa,s constantly thinking about him, constantly praying for him, while her heart was filled with a great hope that he would succeed be yond his fondest expectations. His jnoney came to an end in the middle of July, and there seemed no probability of his getting more. He scrimped in his living all he could; he had bread-and-butter for breakfast, a f ourperiny repast at a cheap vege tarian restaurant for dinner, and breadand butter for tea. He had, moreover, prevailed on Mrs. Blindy to reduce the price of his rooms to four shillings. 'VPTien the last penny was gone he gave up hope. During the weary days of disappointment he had lost much of 'his glow of spirits, and beg#i to bemoan his fate. He upbraided himself for having such ambitious notions and for seek ing the hand of such as Helen, and still he was too proud to let her know the state of Vi i jo fino nVm c 'Let's see,' said Mrs. Blindy one morning; j 'your rent was ? due yesterday week, Mr. Rosevear. I shall be glad ov it at once, if you please. 'Arry ev jrived away his week's money, which is very 'awd fur me, who was j brought up a lidyl and who ain't a-got no sympathy with sich things as slummin'. Ov course, 'Arry ain't like the' common Salva tion people; but, as I ses,. it's -very 'awd on me, who was brought up a lidy.' 'Mns. Blindy,' said Merlin; 'my last penny is gone. I hope to get some more in a day or two; but at present ? ' 'Then, Mr. Rosevear, you had better go at once. I knows you've paid me reg'lar. but I ain't a-goin' to spend my time a-tendin'. you for Eothink. T've cut down your rent to four shillin', and 'Arry says there's a young A winy capting as'U be glad to 'ave yer room. I ain't a-goin' to be 'awd on you, so you ca' jist go out to-night, arid I'll not chawge for the two days' rent.' , When Mrs. Blindy had gone he sat down in despair. What could he do? Literature had failed Mm; During the months he had been in London he had earned only a few shillings. Once or twice he had tried to obtain money by manual labor, but he had been unsuccess ful; He no longer looked stalwart and strong, as he did in the old days. He had a limp, washed-out appearance. His hands were white and thin, his face was haggard and careworn. Had he possessed five shillings, aye, even a shilling, he would have invested it in pa pers, and tried to sell them at a profit. By this f ime he knew London weil. He had penetrated its unknown places, and had as certained how a vast number of people exist ed in the heart of therity. But hitherto he could not make up his mind to do as they had done. What a blow it would be to Helen Granville to know that her lover occu pied such a degrading position as that of selling penny wonders in the streets! CThat morning, however, he felt that he would do anything in order to earn enough to buy bread and. pay for Ms lodgings. He put on his hat and went into the Strand. A' man passed by him who i was burdened with a portmanteau. Perhaps he might be able to earn sixpence by carrying it He opened his mouth to speak, but the words he wanted to utter Would not come. He recog nised the man as a farmer who lived close to his old home. This was the first person he had seen since he had come to London who hailed from St. Eildot. Under other circum stances the sight of a familiar' face would have given him joy; now it sent a feeling of pain through his heart, and he' hurried as fast as he was able in the opposite direction. Still, the incident had started a plan in his inihd., Oould he not- go to one of the great stations, aM get a few Shillings as a Jlbftef? His pride held him back, but a great hunger that was gnawing at the pit of hie stomach sent him forward. He walked towards Liverpool street Paint and hungry as he was, he hur ried as fast as he was able, although he had scarcely strength to enable him to get out of the way .of a passing cab when crossing Lud^ gate Circus. Presently he came up to the square in front of Sfe ; PauP« Cathedra], ami was just turning up the street past the shops, when seeing the doors of the cathedral open, he entered the building and eat dowii. A few people knelt by the chairs which w£re placed -cfc»se to the altar, others sat and lis tened to the rich, ineliow tones M ttife /organ, while many walked up and down ike great building and examined the monuments. ^Out side alJ was rush and roar .and confusion, ljut here %as rest. He sat down and listened while; the -tnuSic of thfe«rgan;fiflea the great cathedral. In spite of himself he was rested, : cheered. He sat about a quarter of an hour, then he reffiemlieTea /Hiat he Wag aese t(f Paterjhoster Rew, and that a month -before he had Ifeft aa^rticle ^vithVthe. editor ?of..a,jnagar. zine, whose office was ; situated in this' centre of the publishing world.1 2?ot that he ex pected anything from it He had left articles in many ;an editors Sanchimj. with but _vcry. little Success. ' He wondered^whj^he had not given up* Surely ail fheeflitors could not ibe mistaken; it must be that, he had overesti mated his powers,' and he might as well Rive tip all iSea 6£ winning .the position for which' he had eo t tmdly, hoped. sBut that meant so much. That feeant giving up Helen fifan rille; it meant confessing himself- to be a fall lire; it meant- — . He dared not think of all t meant No, he would straggle on; but oh, it was terrible to struggle on ywlien starvation stared him in, the face, and when that very ftay he had4 been. ordered to leave the roof that covered him. . . , ?' What, oh! wiiat could he do?. He put his hand in his pocket and drew out Helen's last letter. It was full of helpful swords, full of assurances of her. continued love. The tears started to his eyes. „ 'God bless her!' he eobbed. 'I should never liave lield up at all but for her.' In spite of himself, his visit to St. Paul's had done him good. He did not believe much in religious services, and , had attended no j place of worship since he had come to Lon- i ion, but the atmosphere of the historic build- j ing had somehow helped him* He determin ed, too, that he would call on the editor with whom he had left his MS. It would be only a little out of his way hi going to Liverpool street Station. The editor of the 'Tribune' sent word to him that he was too busy to see him,, and had QOt been able to examine his story.' Would; Mr. Rosevear let it stand over a day or two j Longer, when he would communicate with him i at the address written on his MS? ' Merlin had difficulty in keeping back his ! tears as he came tiown the sieps which -led to i the editor's room. He had not expected ? much, and yet every disappointment in his ; present state of mind made life darker. i It was now midday, and he had eaten no- ' thing since the day; before. His head be- : came dizzy; he staggered, and would have ; fallen had not a htfnd upheld him. j 'What's the matter?' said a cheery voice, . with a Scotch accent. 'Never say die, old I chap!' * . ?? ? ! 'I'm not very well,' said Merlin, with aa ? effort. ! 'You look dickey. Have you come from ! the editor of the 'Tribune?' ' ! 'Yes.' ' ? ' ; 'I thought so. I've seen you in the Row j with a parcel under your arm lots of times. | I'm afraid you've had no success.' ; Merlin looked at the young feljow question- j ingly. j 'Oh, I know all about it,' continued the j other, 'and I said to myself time after time ] as I saw you, 'There's another poor beggar | who wants to live by his pen and cannot' | Excuse me, old chap, but are you hard up?' | Merlin flushed painfully. ] 'I see how it is.' laughed the other; 'it ' isn't six months ago that I lived for two days on a red herring and a penny loaf. I'm not rich now; but come into this restaurant | and we'll have some dinner.' ! 'But— but, you ? ' stammered Merlin. 'Hang it, old man, I'm an embryo author too, and I know your sort. You'd rather starve than tell anybody you were slibrt of the needful. You were brought up in the country, and don't know how to get on like Londoners.' He was a tall, gaunt young fellow, with high cheekbones, freckled skin, sandy-colored hair, and light blue eyes. By no means handsome, but he possessed a good honest face for all that. A few minutes later they sat at a small, round, iron-topped table, with a plate of hot meat and vegetables before 'each of them. ' 'Go in for a jolly good meal,' said the Scotchman, 'and when you've finished we'll have a talk, if you don't mind.' Both of them did justice to their food, after which Merlin's companion began to talk about himself. He evidently took this course, not because he wanted to be the subject of the conversation, but because he wanted to make Merlin feel at ease. ?'I'm a Scotchman,' he said; 'my home is a few miles from Ardrossan. My father has a little farm there, a poor stony affair, from which he finds a difficulty to scrape a living. By the way, have you read Carlyle's career?' 'Yes,' replied Merlin. 'My case is a sort of small edition of his. My father wanted me to be a scholar, if not a minister, and I got an entrance into Glas gow University, and kept there in just the same way as scores of other poor Scotch lads. When I'd taken my degree, I got a tutorship, but that I couldn't stand; and, having a taste for journalism, I wrote to a chap whom I knew, and' who edits a paper in London, and asked him to accept an article of mine. Strange to say, he did, whereon I, elated be yond measure, came up here, determined to get my living as a knight of the pen. I've had a terrible pull, and I'm hardly , through the wood, but I begin to see the light.' 'I'm in the wood,' said Merlin, 'and I can't see my way out.' v 'And yet you ought , You seem 'a clear headed chap. What have you been doing?' Merlin told im^ 'And you've been spending your strength on short things altogether?' 'Yes.' 'Have you written a long novel yet?' 'No.' 'Tin not sure that isn't a mistake. I'll tell you why. Publishers are glad to get good stuff from anybody, it matters not who. Edi tors like to get hold of big names.' 'I see- but that doesn't apply to the news papered' 'No; but nearly all the newspapers who pay their contributors' have a regular staff. ? Be sides, excuse me, but have you had a news paper training in any way?' 'No.' 'Do you write shorthand?' 'No.' 'Have you practised condensing reports of meetings?' 'No.' 'Ah! well that explains a lot Well, I'jnust be going now. I've an appointment at half past one. You'll let me lend you five bob, won't you?' 'Really,' said Merlin, 'you've already paid for my dinner, and ? ' ? . '?, \ 'Oh, you'll pay me back again. The Scotch side of my brain has been summing you' up, with the result that I know I'm mak ing a good investment This is where I hang out,' and he gave Merlin his card. 'Don*t be afraid to look me up if you have ah hour to spare any time.' Merlin read the card: 'Fergus MacFarlane, 32 Onley-street Bloomsbury.' 'Let*6 see; wnafs your name, and where are your diggings?' » Merita told him. 'Very well; if yon don't look me up t shall be on your track. Good day, and keep your pecker up.' 'Providence!** exclaimed Merlin, wheh he had left 'If ever a man belied his looks and his nationality it is he.' The dinner and the five shillings made him feel a new man, and instead of going towards Liverpool-street he Went back to his lodgings. MaeFarlane had set him thinking. During the months he had been, in London his one idea .had been to earn ready money; that had -evidently been the wrong course- He would work at the hovel he had begun in Cornwall. Perhaps— perhaps— . He hurried down LMgate~Hill and albtigOjB'ieet-street _ Wheh he jentered his ilodglngs he found two letters and a parcel awaiting 'him. One of the letters Was fr8ffi Helen; ^tafivllle. By tiie time he had finished it he w&a; crying like a child... /Never inifflnprw dj[d he realise her love, ieij* sacrifice, her mobility. The Jtetier seemed, to come like.cooi, pure, liealing air, helping and etrengthenuig-him, ..: ..'-- :-~: ,\ ?'. .. .i* 'I ainjafiaia you-are not eiieceeding as?you hoped, aierlhy ishe trrbte. i 'Ngver mind; the brighter flays ^ire'surelyffcoming. 'Never did my heart teU me as noW that you will .ovefceomte all ^your! difficulties. .;The great men of London wlU soon k^o^.matyou are then' equal. If iiot their iSupej3or, and then they will feagferlj? seek j^pii i anil your .^ork. I aiil always; ^hinfctog about ^joS^ ; way* making Jplans ;for ;jjas ^ftth, jalwjiye jaray iiig t or ymi- a^ase iiqviiig' '$&'*:'''?? , 'Father; is .as little fcefcon'eiled io iny choice as ever; but '-I cannot; ikeip his vanger. /Rich or poor, lamotis M ^ ptisctti;*, 1 aiii #otir$ Mer lin. I believe in .you, ;^my own.' * 'tee, I can '-%&£ fcoW/' lit feried.- 21= chn ??.?, ? ? . ... write that novel. I see^-I-see! It's like light ftom, heaven.' . . Helen's letter had in spired himi. The drama which , he had long -wished to;l-laee on paper spread* out before the eye of his imagination in rich, glowing colors.' He read her letter again; he drank in her words of cheer, and then, without looking at his other communications, he sat down, and for some minutes wrote rapidly. : When he lose from the table he had completed a rough outline of a novel. The other letter bore the same postmark, but was in an unknown' handwriting, al though he thought Tie detected something fa miliar about it On breaking the seal he dis covered a postal ordez\ and a slip of paper on which were written the- words, 'As an en couragement to hope on.' 'This must surely be from either father or mother,' he thought, 'and yet it is not like them to send money in this way; besides, the parcel is from them.' On opening the parcel he found expressions of a thoughtful mother's tender care^ — two pairs of stockings, a tin , of Cornish ereamj and a huge pasty. He found a letter, too, containing many motherly inquiries. 'Are you short of money, Merlin, my dear?' the letter ran. 'If you1 are let me know, and I win send you a few shillings. I have not sent you any because I was^sure you would let me know if you wanted it Still living and lodge is dear in London, and money- may be scarce yet Don't be afraid to ask, my dear boy.' . / ? ? 'This money can't be from home,' mused the young man. 'Who can have sent it, then?' He examined the writing again, and the tears gathered hi his eyes, 'it's from her,' he cried, 'and she has sent it in this way be1 cause she was afraid of wounding my pride. j God bless my Helen!' | A few minutes later he' had paid Mrs. Blin-' | dy for another week's rent, and that lady had | expressed the hope that, Mr. Rosevear I 'wouldn't mind what she said, as it was very i 'awd for her, who was brought up as a lidy, I to be short of ready money, because 'Arry j 'ad a-joined the Awmy, and spent his money' I in slumminV i That night he wrote the introductory chap i ter of his. novel, and felt that at last he had j begun to do something that would give him a , footing in the world of letters. 'It is Helen j who has done it,' he mused; 'her letter has i inspired me.' j The great question now was to obtain means of livelihood while he finished his novel. He calculated how long he could live on the money he now possessed, and the chances he I had of receiving more. There were halfa dozen stories and articles under consideration by the editors of various papers. One or more of these might be accepted and paid for, or perhaps they might all be refused. Still, ;he calculated he had enough to exist for three weeks after paying MaeFarlane his loan of five shillings. ' This was how he reckoned it up: — Cash in hand, including MacFarlane's loam £16 0 To be paid to MacFarlane ? £0 5 0 Three weeks' rait to MSS Blindy 0 12 0 Tnree weeks' food ? 0 7 0 For washing, paper, ink, &c; .. 0 10 . £15 0 But could he manage to live for three weeks on seven shillings? Anyhow, he could try, and ^it was possible that some of bis work ? miglrt be accepted, or perhaps something ' would turn up. Anyhow, he determined to ! devote the next twenty-one days to writing j bis novel. \ i At the end of three weeks his money was J gone, he had lost several pounds of flesh, he was as, pale as a ghost, and he had .written three hundred odd pages of his novel. Rec koning each page to contain two hundred words, he calculated that he had written over sixty thousand words. How he had manag ed to exist was a miracle; but although he was weak and ill, he had so far survived the ordeal. He was alive, he was free from debt, but he was penniless. What to dp he did not know. He had received letters froni Helen which helped him more thean' he could j say, but no further deus ex machina appear ed in the shape of a further postal- order. ! He was too proud to ask Mrs. Blindy to trust j him, too proud to write to Helen for help — ; indeed, he did. not possess enough money to j buy a postage stamp. | He tried to forget his poverty and hunger i in work; but py and by he had to give up. He took hie last crust of bread and washed it down with a cup of water; then he walked out into the Strand. The same rushing tide of life swept by. The roar Of the great city sounded in his ears — the city he had come to conquer. So far he had failed; but, faint and penniless as he was, he determined to be victor eyen yet He was sure that the novel he was writing would be accepted^-wheh finished; but should he be able to finish it? \- He turned down Fleet-etreet and walked on until he came to a restaurant where he. was told literary men congregated. He looked in at- the open door; then a. great darkness seem ed to arise up before him. But in the midst of the darkness was a face, a face that he re cognises. Then khe darkness passed away, and the ob jects around hiin became clear agaih. He felt some one grasping his hand, and heard a cheery voice saying, 'Merlin Rosevear, can this be you?' It was 'Vivian Gregory who spoke to him. (To be continued.) . 