"mine own familiar friend." ' ' .Have you cccn my wife about any- li»hore,.Achcaon7 I mn't think where :,y,' Mho has got to. She's dancing, and sho has never been known to enter the aup- pcr-room till the ball was over nnd the l..'l horacs were catching their death of cold " at the door. I don't know, where she Is to bo found." 1 , A ghost of a smile flitted over Colonel V Achcson's face, as tho husband of the ''' . pretty Mra Arthur "Wlnton, who had ' Just modo his appearance on tho scene ;Jn action of a crowded ballroom, made .' .inquiries as to his wife's whereabouts. It w'as not to be expected that he should \- . enlighten tho newcomer, though he was . . quite capable of doing so, for not live r minutes ago he had seen Hose Wlnton's > blonde head nnd Jim Duncombe's black one In unnecessarily close proximity in ' one of those cosy corners prepared by ' thoughtful hostesses for the comfort " of weary dancers. Thoy were In shadow, for a big palm spread wide fronds over : the fair head and the dark one, nnd a Calrcne screen hung with Eastern drn- \- . pcrics isolated them from tho rest of the .world, Colonel 'Acheson was no spy, but he could not help seeing them as he passed, ond wishing, as he did so. that Jim Duncombe's latest fancy had not been -for his friend's wife. All the same he ' answered Wlnton's reiterated Inquiries twlth diplomatic vagueness: "Oh! she's sure to bo all right. You'll come across .. ber sooner or later;" and then the music began to play again,. and like Docks of : birds the dancers once more fluttered ' Into the ballroom attracted by tho Idreamy, languorous melody of the Svcn- gall "VValtz ns It'rose and fell. Last of them all came Mrs Wlnton and Duncombe to 'dance divinely" with the others, and to become, partly on account of their supreme good looks, and partly by reason of the magnetic attraction they appeared to have for each other, . the cynosure 'of all eyes. Arthur Wlnton and the Colonel stood .watching them as they waltzed to the sweet, melancholy notes of the song so beloved by Trilby and her friends. "Oh! don't you remember sweet Alice, Den Bolt?" hummed Arthur Just under . his breath. "Ah I that was a wife to have had, Acheson," he said, laughing. but with Just an under-current of sad ness in his mirth, ''She wept with delight when you gave her a smile, . And trembled with fear at your frown." "I'm not certain 1 would have fancied .that sort of woman," said the Colonel, ' In gruff' hut kindly tones. "I never could care for any one who always harked to my halloa." "How do you do, Mrs St. Lcgcr?" said both the both men at onco as a tall gracoful'woman, with a pale face, and a high tiara of diamonds crowning a sleek brown head, came up to them. She shook hands coolly with Cotoncl Acheron, and with a great deal more friendliness with Wlnton— Indeed, there .waa perhaps a trllle more than mere friendliness In tho expression of the russet-brown eyes that looked at hitn no steadily from under their dark lashes. ' "I see Itoslo Is dancing hard— having . the best of times, as usual," sold Mrs ' 8L Lcger, who had every right, as a : bosom friend of Sirs Wlnton's, to be Interested In her proceedings. \- "Oh, an excellent time!" answered ' Arthur cheerily. He was the last man . In the world to wear -his heart upon his . sleeve, even for Mra SL LegeriH benellt. "Shall we follow their example, and have a turn?" And Boon they were dancing to the measured rhythm of the \- .waltz of many memories. It was not wonderful that her hus band's eyes should turn so often In tiic direction of his pretty wife, for at this time of her career all men's ('yes seemed to follow Mrs Arthur Wlnton with ud- , miration whenever she appeared on the . scene. Sho was so bcwltchlngly pretty, with tho very sort of looks that itppeul ' must to tho mnscullne heart There was . . nil trnglo grandeur about her, no nevere ' and classical Regularity of fnec or form; but site wns folr and bloomlrig, as befit- ted a namesake of tho Queen of Flowers. She had "a face made out of a rose," and 'a sweet, charming, childish expreaalon and smile. r The world In general, and fltor kind friends In particular, called her fast. But, If so, there was nothing premedita ted In her bad behavior and If she erred at all. It was from sheer high spirits and gaiety of heart If all men loved her, she loved them too in return, but . not very much; and, though few would have given Her tho credit for It, she preferred her silent, undemonstrative husband- to them all. As for him, the statuesque beauty he held In his arms ; Just now could not distract his atten- . tlon for one moment from the falry- Jooking creature, crowned with roses, who looked so cltnrinlng as she danced with Jim Duncntnhe. The Waltz ended at Inst, and then 1 ' came the usual stampede of dancers hurrying from the ballroom to rest, to sup; and, In many eases, to flirt. "Lct'R sit out somewhere, Mrs Wln ton." whispered Jim Duncombe, as he led his pretty partner up the somewhat . steep staircase, each stop of which was . already appropriated. The landing wns cool, the lights discreetly shaded; but, alas!, they were not tho first to discover that haven, for two or three loving c.otiples'wern there before them, a stale of affairs that did not emit Duncombe ut ' all. -This way. Mrs Wlnton," he sn<ld boldly, and as If lie hail the map of the houBD by lieart. while he led her up some \- moro stairs to a large and not particu larly well-lighted room. The door was open and ho did not Rcruple to go In. . It was,a nlco enough room, with a lino of cupboards on two sides of It, but, as the most Important article of furniture seemed to bo a large sewing-machine, the natural conclusion wns tlint it wns , the work-room of their hostess's lady's : Ptald. and that those presses contained ber ladyship's drcsres. . However, there was one fairly com- fortable armchair for Mrs Wlnton, and a man so much In love as Jim Duncombe . wax not likely to think of fatigue or to care whether ho sat or stood! Mrs Wlnton did not quite understand that ' she was indiscreet to be up there at all, and that In fact she was playing with lire; but as her companion could do nothing but stare at her, and hardly seemed to take in what she was saying, she might have guessed at the truth. . "We ought not to be here, Jim," she said merrily, not knowing sho was speaking to deaf ears. "No! 1 don't mean that I am afraid of Lady Vaughan's maid, though I should be sorry if she found ub In her room, hut Arthur would be mad If he knew where I wns. Yes, Jim, mad ! You know no one gives him the credit for being Jealous, because he looks so quiet and. calm and Indifferent, and he never would condescend to worry or bother me; but he htm a horror of what he calls hole- and-corner flirtations, nnd ho would be awfully annoyed If he came up and saw me here— with you," she added, coquet- tlshly. A word, il look is often enough at such moments to open the sluice-gates of pas sion, and the little upward glance with which her remarks were accompanied, not to mention the touch of a small hand on his arm, were ton much for him. The next moment she wns In his arms, and he wns kissing her passionately. Just for a moment she wns taken by surprise, and then she pushed him away violently. "Oh, Jim! how dare you? how dare you?- I shall never speak to you again.' ' I— listen, listen— 1 do be lieve someone Is coming." With blanched cheeks and an expres sion of genuine alarm she listened In tently. Footsteps could bo heard dis tinctly on the uncarpeted boards of the narrow passage lending to the room, and, worst of all, the voices that fell on. their cars were well-known and familiar "My husband! Cecil St. Lcgcr! Oh, what nre we to do?" she gasped, looking round the room wildly to discover an other outlet that wns not to be found. "I know." nnd quick ns thought she unlocked one of the doors of the. long line of cupbonrdH displaying as she did so a vlsta of gorgeous gowns hung up by tho heels. "Come In— quick, quick! Jim, you must!" She was in before she could rcmonntrate, and there was noth ing for him to do but to follow her. He wan not in hiding a minute too soon, for they had hardly managed to get the door shut before the new ar rivals entered the room. ' "What a dear little room 1" said Mre St. Lcger, In her soft, purring tones, "nnd how nice to get out of the hurly- burly for a few minutes! You were i clever to bring me here — Arthur." Arthur, Indeed 1 Half burled as she was In the voluminous blue velvet folds of one of Lndy Vaughan's gowns, Mra Wlnton wns able perfectly to hear her so-cnlled friend call her husband by his Christian name, and she did not like It at all. "Dear me," went on the lady outside, who was certainly mistress of the situa tion, "some one has boon hero before us and has loft her fan behind her." pick ing up, as she spoke, a lovely pink feather fan from the floor. "It is very like dear HohIc'h lovely fan, but of course It can't Ik hers." A mensurod cllck- cllclt told Its owner that Mrs BL Lcger was funning herself with the article in question. "I wish I had such a pretty fan," sho continued pathctlcally."Now I look at It again, I am certain It must be Rosie's. She Is a careless little darl ing, but she has her own way In every thing, and cun afford to be careless. I always call her the luckiest girl I know." "Lucky 1 What Is she so lucky In?" naked her husband. "Ah! Now you nre fishing for a com pliment." said Mrs St. Lcgcr, nnd Itosle could Imagine the smile that would ac company her friend's words. "I'll tell you, Arthur," earnestly, and as If tho truth must be told at all harairds, "she is lucky because she has the best, the kindest, the most unsuspicious husband in the world. Dear Itosle mouns no harm, but not one man In a thousand would stand tho way she goes on." As Mrs St. Lcgcr uttered these words, the hnlf-Hliiled Duncombe felt his fel low prisoner fflve an impatient move ment, and n great Jet tnssel hit him full In the face. He wns smothered In some thing soft nnd Huffy, a bunch of rib bons tickled his nose, and be began to wonder how long he could possibly hold out. It wns now Wlnton's turn to spook. "I suppose I am easy-going," ho sold, In curiously distinct totteu — "a fool. In fact. Hut It has never seemed worth rny whllo to make a fuss. Route Is a nice little thing, and I am very fond of her; but after a bit a fellow wants moro than that, Cecil— one wants a woman who has a soul, nnd I'm not over cer tain that Rosle has one at all." Mrs Arthur could hardly believe her cars. Could this, Indeed, be her hus band who was discussing her so calmly with her particular friend 7 No won der that the Jet ornaments that adorned some pendent gown wore set once moro In motion, und her companion's face was peppered by them as If ho had been caught in a hailstorm. " Poor Arthur," murmured Mra. St. Lcger, after an artistic ixtuae, " you de served a better fate. Dettr Rosie can't help being frivolous und shallow. She was born to papilloma la vie, but you want something moro thnn that, Like so many of us, you want what you can't get." "How well you understand me, Cecil!" said Arthur, In strangled tones, that sounded In his wife's earn full of emo tion. "There Is but one woman In the world for every man, and he generally meets her too late. It won't stand talk ing about." Such wtui not Sirs St, Lcger's opinion. Hho would have liked talk like this to have gone on all night, nnd, though she wns ready to believe that Wlnton only suggested that they should go down stairs becnusc he wns not sure of him self In her fnselnatlng society, for her part nothing would have pleased her more thnn an impassioned declaration of love and admiration from him. It surprised her somewhat to find his manner waxing cooler nnd cooler with every step they took downstairs, and that hfe seized the earliest opportunity I of leaving her once they had. reached the ballroom, but she consoled herself by thinking th at for her sake alone he wished lo koop up appearances. Tho sound of their footsteps had hardly died away on the ears of the captlvea before Mrs Arthur pushed open, with no gentle hand, the door of her temporary prison, and stood free onco more. Her prvtty little face, usually so sweet and smiting, was now flushed, angry and much perturbed ; and she had ; the appearance — frock and all — of having been packed for some time In too tight a box, and of having got rather crumpled In the process.- As for her companion, with his hair on end, and his complexion of atdecp shade of crimson, he did not, look tit alt like the cool and collected JJm Duncombe of the earlier part of the evening, and If he expected some com-' pensation, or oven sympathy, he was wofully. disappointed. His lady love stamped her foot at him. In some mysterious way Bhe proved that It was all his. fault that they had been shut up In the cupboard at nil; and then, her mood suddenly changing, she told him that she had had enough of this dreadful ball, and In heartbroken accents, and-wlth her blue eyes suffused with tears, she asked him to see her to her carriage, which, on tho whole, ho was not very sorry to do. For some days after the bnl! Mrs Ar thur Wlnton seemed very unlike her self. She was dull, depressed, and Just a little out of humor, although, to her secret annoyance, her husband, If he noticed any change In her, forebore to make the Rllghtcnt remark. Ills Rose drooped lier pretty head, but he displayed neither anxiety nor sur prise, a state of matters that did not please 'lier at oll. At last she could stand It no longer, but, forgetful of the fact that she had not been supposed to nsslst at his tete- a-tete with her friend, she reproached him for his flirtation with Mrs St. Loger, antl Accused him of having found fault with her conduct to Cecil. "I do know, as It happens," answered Arthur Wlnton, pleased that his wife had taken so much to heart his sup- OBed treachery .to herself, "and I will tell you fairly that you nnd Duncombe don't know how to play the game of hide and BtKjk at all. Why, I heard your voices tho other night at the ball before I got to that upstairs room. We found your fan there. I even saw your pretty little flngem" — and here he kissed their rosy tips— "pulling to the cupboard door. If Mre St.' Lcger was not the most self- abHorbed woman In tho world, she must have found you out too. However, she did not do that; she only believes that I am madly In love with her. She Is wel come to think what she likes, so long as you, my little Rose, know better, nnd so long ns I am sure of you, In spite of this last OHcapadc, which, all things consid ered. W(1H not ronllv nn itmiittlnr- nnn " "World." 