TIhe House of Silence. [BY DR. J. H. ROBINSON.] CHAPTER II.-Continued. ' I have a universal aptitude for all callings, professions, and em ployments. I do everything-I do nothing. I am rich-I am poor. I am miserable-I am happy. I am a beggar-I am a lord. Whatever I wish to be, I am. Ha ! ha ! ha! Ah!' Terence recoiled, seized Fritz by the arm with his left hand, pointed to the sky with his right, and delivered him self of the closing exclamations in a manner,effectively tragic: ' Fritz, you blockhead! you've for gotten your cue ; it is the word "Ah." Now begin, you sunfish. "It is the dark hour of night-"' Hundredmarks took a grotesque attitude, and in a voice. loud and nasal began: ' " It was the hour of night. The lamp burned dimly, upon the table. Silence prevailed in the castle. The knight softly approached the couch where his beloved- " ' ' Actors! actors!' interrupted Stein. Then, addressing Terence : ' Am I not right, young man ?' ' Not now-n-n-n-not now !' replied Clyde, in a tremulous voice. ' I was a moment ago; but n-n-n-not now. I am anything you please to have me. My genius,' he continued, in a sub dued tone, ' is universal; my resources inexhaustible; my desires unlimited; mny expenses moderate.' Otto Stein pulled Howden by the sleeve, and whispered in his ear c ' Won't this fellow do?' ' I cannot tell,' he answered. 'I have not found his page yet in the catalogue of humanity.' Then to Clyde: ' So, sir, you take the world as you find it, and get a living by doing nothing ?' ' Yes, the whole world is mine, and it's scarcely big'enough for me. It is a hard fit to be wedged in between the horizon, and this lump of spherical clay. Stand back! Give me room! I pant for air! Fritz, you fungus! fan me with your hat.' 'Hold my cue a minute ! I ain't quite ready. For Heaven's sake don't excite me! Here it is: 'The Lady Esmeralda Clotilda Matilda Ethelinda had retired as usual to her chamber, 'when the false and perfidious Rodol pho Gustavo Alphonso Maximilian rushed up with a drawn sword in his hand, and cried in a voice of thunder that shook the palace of the baroness to its foundation-" ' 'Odds my life! A pretty pair, upon my soul. We have nothing to appre hend from these drunken fellows. Let us proceed,' said Stein. ' Before you go,' said Terence, with the same simple earnestness with which he had before spoken, 'pray tell me, if you can, where is theHouse of Silence ?' 'I think you will find it on Mys terious-street,' answered Stein, with an ironical smile. ' Young man, where will you be to morrow ?' interrogated Howden. 'Wherever it pleases God!' re turned Terence, gravely. ' Bah! curse your cant!' angrily exclaimed Howden. 'Listen. Meet me at Annunciation-square to-morrow morning at eight o'clock, and per chance I will put you in the way of doing something for yourself.' ' The very person I should like to do something for. Oh, how I adore myself!' said Terence, enthusiasti cally. 'Oh, how I adore a good dinner!' cried Fritz. 'There shouldn't have been but one thing in this world, and that should have been dinner-one long, eternal dinner. My stars, what a dinner !' Fritz clasped his hands and sighed like a famishing lion. SFlesh, bone, and muscle permit ting, I'll be there. My business isn't pressing. Did I use the singular? I should have employed the most ex pressive plural, for all trades are mine. This excrescence, this agglomeration of dinners,' pointing at Fritz; 'will be with me. Good-night, gentlemen. Good consciences go with you. Come, Fritz.' Terence took his friend by the arm, and they walked away together. How den and Stein looked after them till t-hey were out of sight, then turned into St. Louis-street. 'You are self-absorbed,' Stein ob served. ' I am thinking,' rejoined Howden, absently. 'Of him,?' ' Yes, of him.' ' Will he do ?' 'I am pondering that. Perhaps who knows ?' ' Is he deep enlough ?' 'I fear,' returned Howden, with emphasis, 'that he istoodeep. But there'll be a to- morrow-let that decide.' CHAPTER III. She opened the window to let in the morning air that was asking per mission of tihe impervious panes. She was dressed in a wrapper, light, airy, and .becoming. She had the face and form of an angel. She seemed too beautiful to inherit the poor common fate of mere mortality. Her eyes were luminous; they shone upon one like stars. I'er mouth was small, and indescribably expressive, while her teeth mocked the colour of the pearl. Her head was of exquisite shape, her brow gracefully arched, her hair fihoe, dark, and glossy. Her morning robe, lees envious than a more elaborate toilet, permitted a portion of a bust of faultless mould and unrivaled white ness to be seen. Her arms, which were bare, were incomparably fair; her hands wonderfully small and delicate. Her person, the contours of which her dishabile did not conceal, evidently possessed those round and undulating lines of beauty so much admired by the artist. The waist, the limbs, the foot, the ankle, would have satisfied the ideal of the most enthusiastic lover of art and nature. The prestige of the being thus gifted with such an excellence of parts- such a divine symmetry of proportions -it would be a difficult task to define; for beauty is something that not only affects the eye, but the heart; it can be felt as well as seen. 'Its presence has power over the most insensible of mortals. A truly lovely woman is not for one, but for the world; for, like sunshine and air, she is seen of all and carries pleasure wherever she goes. The author would like it to be understood that he has an interest in all beautiful women. They called her Desiree, and so the name was made pretty for ever. After seating herself at the open window, Desiree fixed her eyes upon an isolated dwelling that stood on the opposite side of the street; nor did she withdraw them from that object until a light footstep admonished her that she was not alone. A tall and handsome woman had entered. She was between twenty-five and thirty years of age-nearer the first mentioned figure, probably, than the last. De siree arose and said : ' Good morning, Madame Van court.' 'Pray do not call me madam simple Eugenia is better. Why should we be formal when alone ?' re plied the lady, with a sweet and affable smile. 'You are at the window; are you not afraid of that draught of air ?' Desiree assured Madame Vancourt that the morning air was very re freshing. ' You are looking at that mysterious house again,' added the elder lady. 'A true woman-it troubles you to see a thing that you do not compre hend.' 'I plead guilty to curiosity in this instance-a curiosity that, I acknow ledge, increases every day. Did you ever remark that no sign of life characterises that dwelling ? No one is seen to go in or come out, and no sound proceeds from its secret-keeping walls. Note the peculiarity of its construction. In an architectural point of view its length is too great for its width. Its height, too, is worthy of observation; and does it not appear to you very singular that there should be but a single row of narrow windows so far from the ground, and so very near the flat and dismal looking roof? It looks more like an old fort, or deserted monastery, or haunted castle, than a fabric for the common uses of life. It must have been built a long time ago, for the jagged stone walls are overgrown with moss and ivy. I really wish someone would tell me the history of that old pile.' ' No doubt but you would find it a. meagre and unsatisfactory history,' answered Madame Vancourt. ' Pro bably some eccentric person built it long, long ago, and his descendants, if he had any, knew too much to take possession of it; so it has remained uninhabited, save by vermin, and perhaps a ghost or two.' ' That is speculation only; I want genuine history. Have you observed the fact that no dwellings have been built very near it ?' 'Oh, that can be easily accounted for; the heirs of this eccentric person I have mentioned own the land all around it,' replied Madame Vancourt. 'I must call your attention to an other peculiarity; it is surrounded by a high wall, which is ancient, rough, and repelling, as the anomalous dwell ing itself. I spoke of its length ; now I will ask you to notice its needless angles and the general irregularity of its construction.' In her earnestness, Desiree leaned quite over the window-sill, and thrust ing out her white arm, indicated with her finger, the various peculiarities to which she called her friend's attention. As she made her concluding remark, she turned to look at Madame Van court, and in doing so her eyes fell upon a young man who stood a few yards from the window, gazing at her with unfeigned wonder and admira tion. When he beheld the luminous orbs of Desiree fixed rebukingly upon him, he instantly uncovered his head, turned pale, then red, bowed very low, hesitated, stammered, and said: ' Madam, can you direct me to the House of Silence ?' Desiree blushed, smiled, and was nearly as much confused as the ques tioner. ' I think it is there,' she answered, pointing across the street, scarcely knowing what she said. Terence did not move, but stood like one deprived of the power of volition. He feared the dream of loveliness before him would fade suddenly from his sight, and he should behold it no more. She was, to his percoptions, a new revelation of beauty. The con templation of her charms enchained, bewildered him. ' Sensations of mingled delight and awe agitated his frame. The glorious eyes of Desires cast a strange enchantment over his senses. He wished to pros trato himself and pay a voluntary and soulfelt tribute to this charming vision. At first, he had not a thought of the awkwardness of his position, or the rudeness of his eyes, being conscious only of the bewitching objec t before himu, but when the fair face and the white arm were wibthdrawt, from the window, he rcrolleted himself, replaced his htt, umotioned to Fritz, who was approaching at his own slow pace, and walked away hurriedly. When Desireo 'looked out again, Fritz was passing the wvindow. 'What did that young man ask?' inquired Madame Vancourt. '?A very singular, not to say absurd, question,' replied Desiree, colouring at the remembrance of the mute, yet unmistakable homage she had re ceived. 'He asked the way to the "House of Silence." ' 'The "House of Silence!"' re peated Madame Vancourt, while a sudden paleness overspread her fea tures, 'Why that is the grave! A curious whim, indeed.' Madam laughed musically a little above her breath, slightly, averting her face. 'The query, whimsical as it was, startled me; it seemed, coming upon me so unexpectedly, like something of deep and mysterious import. The directness, the brevity of the inquiry, gave it point and force. Had he pre faced it-say one word more or less, it would have lost its power,' returned Desihee, thoughtfully. 'What reply did you make, my friend ?' interrogated Eugenia, bend ing forward. ' A very apt one, I think, although I was so much surprised at the ques tion that my thoughts were not very coherent. I pointed to the edifice we were talking about and said: "It is there."' ' How very odd!' rejoined Madame Vancourt, somewhat discomposed. ' My dear, you should. not have con descended to answer him. Some im pertinent fellow, wishing to amuse himself at the expense of your sim plicity, doubtless.' ' Not impertinent, surely,' resumed Desiree, quietly. ' Eugenia, it means something, and adds to the interest of the gloomy dwelling. It would be a relief to see someone go in' or come out, although I have never been able to discover a door.' ' Most houses have doors,' remarked Eugenia, shrugging her white shoul ders. ' Desires looked across the street, and made no answer. This conversation had been listened to with growing interest by Dorothy Doubleday, the housekeeper, who stood near the door, conveniently screened from view by the interposing wall. She now bustled in with every appearance of pressing business, and a total un consciousness of everybody but herself. She was a woman considerably past the bloom of youth, not incumbered with useless flesh, and observably wanting in those curved lines that give shapeliness to the female form. In her corporeal construction, the effect of geometrical angles had been success fully demonstrated. She was what is called a thin woman. She had a large mouth, a long nose, a prominent chin, small eyes placed rather too much in the background, grey lashes and brows, hair of scattering growth and light colour. This feeble hirsute cov ering was confioed behind by a comb of pretentious size, the top of which loomed conspicuously above her head. Dorothy was quite prim in her notions of dress, prided herself on her knowledge of household arts, rejoiced in her opinions, and manifested, on all occasions, a persistent desire to know everything that was transpiring around her. Having heard, as we have stated, the foregoing conversa tion, she found it difficult to remain silent ; so after changing the position of a chair or two, and rubbing a toilet table with her apron she gave expres sion to her thoughts. 'You folks needs them that is ex perienced to look after 'em. Few young ladies nowadays know how to put things to rights and keep 'em so. Miss Desiree, you look across that street more'n a little; but what you can see retractive about that gloomy old houses is somethin' I can't form no reception of.' Desiree regarded the worthy house keeper with a smile. 'If I could speak my mind,' con tinued Dorothy, ' if it was allowed a person in an inordinate capacity to speak her mind, as they speak their minds at the North-' ' We will spare you the trouble of an opinion,' said Eugonia. 'It it was permitted to a woman in the inordinate capacity of a house keeper to suppress her mind in regard to that melancholy and silent old house, I should say that it ought to be exploded, revestigated, and looked into. It is the duty of respectable people to know who their neighbours is; and if I was a man, I'd scale that wall with a dark ladder and a lantern of ropes, and convince myself from opular observation who lives there, and what their business is.' 'My dear young friend, check the garrulity of this woman,' said Madame Vancourt, nervously. 'At the North,' persisted Dorothy, < where I used to live, every peison, high and low, could speak his mind without distraint.' 'I'1 take refuge in the garden," added Eugenia, with affected playful nose. She swept gracefully from the' apartment, looking back over her rounded shoulder to smile at Desiree. (To be onntinued. Y, 