THAT TREACHEROUS CURATE. The Hector of Pcnnystono is sitting in his library. It is a comfortable room. Everything that meets tho eyo is solid and . substantial. Tho Hector himself may be aptly dascribed ss solid aud substantial also ; a vcritablo pillar of tho Church, Didactic, dogmatic, narrow-minded, orthodox to the back- liono, tho very man for a sleepy coun try parish that looked upon its pastor as tho fountain whonce most temporal blessings flow, and possessed neither the brains uor tlio desire to question his spiritual teaching. But though the Heotor is outwardly surroundod by cronturo comforts, it is plain that ho is not altogether coni- fortablo in his mind. The pagos of tho book which rqsts upon his kneo nro unturned, and the paper-cutter ho holds in his hand often taps tho volumo impatiently. An open letter lies on tho tablo beside him. His eye seeks the door con stantly. Tho ' Hoctor is evidently waiting for some one, and he is not a man who will patiently brook delay. Thoro are some hard lines at this moment drawn round the large fleshy lips, that betoken, ill for tho tardy delinquent when he or sho may put in an appearance. , Tho door opons gently, and a young girl enters with a light, quick step. She crosses the room and stands on tho hoarthrug, her hands clasped be hind hpr. A tall, slim girl, pretty withal, only resembling her father in tho slightly dovolopod lines of de cision at the corners- of her < rpsy mouth. "You sent for mo, father?" sho says, with . an accent of interroga tion. ! "A quarter of nil hour ago, Idonea," returns her father, examining his watcli to seo that ho does not err in his statemant by a fraction of ono second. Tho girl gives a slight toss of the head. It is plain that sho is not to bo ovor-awed by a stern parent, "The precious moments, should never bo wasted ; -and- you know I do not liko to bo kept waiting," con tinues the Hector, in a tone ren dered still sterner by her utter want of apology. " And yet I have hoard you pronch patience to others from the pulpit, father," says the girl, a slight smile relaxing the severe linos of her mouth. Tho Rev. Sylvanus Postlothwaito thinks that it would bo more politic not to pursue furthor tho subjoot in band, so ho opens a fresh topic. " I have receivod|nnotlior letter from . Mr. Dominy," ho says, taking up the missive which ho had laid besido Lira. . Idonea raises hor eyebrows slightly, but makes no response. Thoro is not a trace of a smile round tho mouth now. . " Ho ronows his flattering proposal of last Spring," continues tlio Reotor." " Flattering?" ejaculates Miss Pos tlothwaito, in a tone of the utmost Scorn. "Yes, flattering 1'? reiterates the Rector. " That a man of his vast wealth should offer to wed a portion- ; less girl is, in tho highest degree, flat-- tering." . . I " Ilowover high' the honour, tho portionless girl hoe already respect fully doolinod it, and the man of vast wealth should tako ' No ' for an answer. I do not consider it flattering fbr a man of sixty to pester with his un welcome attentions a girl of eighteen." 4 " I know tlio reason of this rebel lious behaviour. You nro still think ing of that penniless curate. But, mark my words, I will never . givo my consent— -never j" > "In throe yoars I shall bo twenty- one," returns Idonea, calmly. " If, by that time, you are still adamant, we shall be driven to the painful ne cessity of doing without it." 'You defy me utterly, do you, you. shameless. girl ? If you have no re spect fpr me, your father"— again that hovering ghost of a smile — -"will you ' not consent for tho sake of advancing tho prospects of your brothers and sisters'"' "Why should I sacrifice my life and happiness for tho sake of their prospects?" " You would make no sacrifice. In furthering their happiness you would secure your own." , .. " Oh yes, father, we all know thoso pretty maxims. They fit other pooplo's cases so exactly — never, by by any chance, our own. It would bo better to reservo tliom for Generalising in the pulpit. .1 am engaged to Ernest Garside. KI shall never marry Mr. Dominy, and I havo told him so decidedly. If he has applied to you, you can toll him so again. That is my ultimatum. I must ask you to excuse rae now, as I am very busy, and the precious moments, you know, should never be wasted," Tho door closes bohind her," and the Hector is left gnashing his teeth over the inflexible determination of his oldest born. ' . He pens a diplomatic epistle to tho elderly suitor, bidding him be of good cheer and wait. " Varinm ei mutahile semper j ccmina." To the girl herself lie subsequently said that he would urge nothing further in favour of Mr. Dominy's suit. If her own good sense and sisterly feeling did notshowhorhor duty it was useless for him to attempt to persuade her j but on one point lie was determined — namely, to sever her connection with Mr. Garside. If sho still persisted in her folly ho would procure for her an engagement as a governess in somo distant county, and try what separation would do towards bringing, her to a sonso of duty. Soon after this tint had gone forth Idonea happened to meet Mr. Garsido as ho was paying a sick call at a neigh bouring cottage, and they walked home together. "I am to bo banished/ Ernest,'.' said Idonea. " Ranished!" exclaimed Mr. . Gar side, with tragic intensity. " Banished 1 Idonea, what do you mean ? " Ernost Gdrside was undoubtedly very handsome, and no one was moro conscious of that fact than ho himself. His friends snid he went into the Church becauso lie thought tho white surplico would be so becoming to his complexion. It may be that he con sidered his expressive >dark eyes and mellifluous voice would bo effective agents in persuading, at least, the feminine portion of his congregation to scalo tho steep and thorny path to heaven. Ab Idonea gazod at him, thinking ecstatically how beautiful he was, ho repeated his query, this time a trifle impatiently, " Idonea, what can you moar, ?" "I mean what I say, Ernest. I am .to bo sent away because wo love each other." "Whore, Idonea?" " My exact place of exile has not been determined yet. I am to go some where us a governess or comanipn or lady liolp, or somo such refuge for tho destitute and incompetent," " A governess, Idonea 1 Impos sible !" 'You aro not complimontery, Ernest. Howovor, you cannot put a lower estimate on my powers of teach ing tho young idea hov, to shoot than I do myself." "If your father has only our' sepa ration in view, why does lie uot.send mo away?" "Because you, are useful to. him. You do nearly all the work of tho parish and never complain, while he takes nearly all tho pay." "You aro too plain spoken for this world, Idonea," said Ernest, but ho softened his words with a smile, .and when he smiled his eyes wero truly beautiful. ' Idonea thought thorn divine' as' sho gazed into their lustrous depths ; and she told herself, as they parted, that, when ho looked at her thus, there was 'no sacrifice she would consider too great to mnko for his sake. In a short timo the place of Ido- nea's exile wus decided. She was to go «s a companion to Miss Gladys Wilson, a young heiress, who lived in Hussotshiro. Tho education of tho said heiress had been somewhat noglectod, so an elderly learned lady had boon engaged to supply all de ficiencies in that respect, and, that Miss Wilson might havo somo cheor- fnl And youthful companionship, Idonea was engaged to share her studies and amusements. "The - stipend, father says, is trifling," Idonea remarked to her lovor. "But the advantages — the ad vantages, are enormous, chiefest among them boing tho hope of separating ino from you, my darling." The addendum was elicited by a glance from thoso glorious eyes. "The hope will not bo fulfilled," said Ernost. "I am convinced that I can trust you, and you know that my lovo for you is as safe as — as tho bank." Tho simile struck Idonea as rather lairo and impotent. Banks are not invariably above suspicion ; but she -did not give expression to hor thoughts. She smiled bravely into her lover's eyes as bIio bade him farewell, and made no sign of tho grief and despair that wero gnawing at her heart. # Miss Gladys Wilson was very pretty. She was slight and fair, with groat innocent grey oyes, that still re tained the bluish whites of childhood, and pretty, caressing little ways, whose charm made one forgot to ques tion their sincerity. Idonea felt quite clumsy and ungainly bosido this fairy- liko creature, and secretly bewailed tho darkness of her skin and tho blackness of her cloud of dusky hair. " I never troubled much about my nppoaranco before," sho wroto to hor sisters, "but I fool like a negro boside Miss Wilson." ' .'. Like most- reticent people, Idonea' could be incautiously .expansive, some-, timcs, and it' was not vory long before Gladys had drawn from her companion the true history of her banishment from home. Tlio hoircsswasdeeplyinterested in the love affair that ran so far from smoothly, and expressed groat sym pathy with the lovers so rudely torn asunder. One day, whon Idonea had boon located at The Abbey about three months, Gladys came tripping into the study in her accustomed airy manner. " I have such a glorious scheme to unfold," she criod, throwing her arms round hor friend's neck. Idonea did not care vory much for effusiveness, but it would have been ungracious to repulse so affectionate and impulsive a creaturo. "What is it 1" she asked. "A wnter picnic, a tennis party, or another dance ? " v "Nothing so frivolous,' laughod Gladys. " I will tell you my plan, and do you listen with becoming gravity and gratitude." " I iim grave enouch," replied Idonea. "But what am I to be so very grateful for, if you'pieaso ?" " Wait till I tell you, end if you do not immediately go down on your knees, and shower blessings on my devoted head; I shall bo very much astonished and disappointed. . Mr. Palmer, our dear, sleepy old reotor, is going away for his vacation, and, after putting forth all my powers of per suasion, and using any amount of diplomacy I havo arranged that his locum tenons is to be — guess ?" " How can I possibly tell ? " asked Idonon, a wild hopo springing up in hor heart. " Why, no less ti person than the Reverend Ernest Garsido I Now, are you not going to prostrate yourself at, my feet? I can tell you I have moved heaven and earth to compass it." Idonea roso trembling from her chair. Why did not the looked for expressions of gratitude rush to her lips? Could it bo that joy was too great for words, or was it, becauso a foolish .feeling of foreboding was .clutching at her heart ? " It was vory kind of you to tako so much trouble, Miss Wilson," sho stammered lamely, "Idonea!" exclaimed Gladys indig nantly. " I vorily believe you have no feeling whatever;; your lover, by my aid, is rushing to your feet, and, instead of jumping for joy, or throwing your hat into the air, or going mad with delight, you can only say, in the primmest possible manner, ' It is very kind of you to tako so much trouble, Miss Wilson.' " And Gludys tried vainly to com press her rosebud mouth into severe lines, in imitation of her friend.. " If you only knew," she continued, half crying, "tho gigantic efforts I have mndo in your behalf 1 I thought it would bo such a "pleasant surprise, and you do not seem to euro a bit. ' And the spoiled child of fortune walked off in a huff. "It is very horrid of mo," said Idnnea to herself, " but I do wish alio had not interfored." But- Idonea'/s forebodings woro all forgotten tVheii Mr. Garsido arrived. Ho camo late on tho Saturday night, so sho did not seo him until he stopped into the ronding-dosk on the following Sunday morning. Tho whole church, by his radiant presence, seemed to hor dazzled eyes to bo transformed into a perfect paradise; the cracked old organ pealed forth the most heavenly music, and the white-stoied choir boys re sembled hosts of cherubim and sera phim. Glndys had graciously invited Mr, Garside to lunch at Tho Abbey, so he accompanied the party homo ; but, to Idonca's chagrin and dismay, she found herself walking behind with Miss Pris- ciila, whilo Ernest Garsido and Gladys Wiisou paired ofl' together in tho most natural way in the world. . It was . not till some time after luncheon that -Ernest con trived to speak a few confidential words to her. She wa3 sitting discon solately under a tree in tho garden, at somo littlo'distancofrom the heiress and her guest, wiio, under tho closo chape- rouago of Miss Priscilla, wore making merry at the expense of some of the bucolic members of the congregation. Idonea had heard him say, in most re luctant tones, that iiemust tear himself away for the children's afternoon ser vice. "You will be present during even song?" murmured the Curate in per suasive accents. Now Miss Wilson never went to OYoning service, being of opinion that she had well fulfilled her duty by at tending the morning service. There fore, Idonea was considerably sur prised, not to say disappointed, at houring her answer, " Oh, yes, of course, Mr. Garside," as though the question were on utterly super fluous one. Idonea had looked foward to a moonlight wnlk, telc-a-tcte with her lover. Her mortification mado hor tighten hor lips and stare away into vacancy, when he opproaohed to bid her fare well. " You do not soom at all glad to seo mo, Idonoa ? " he whisporcd gently, - The utter injustice of tho accusa tion made tho ready tears spring to hor eyes. What opportunity hnd ho given her for showing her gladness ? She turnod away hor face still further to hido tho tell-tale drops. " It was so kind of Miss Wilson to got me the berth," he wont on, " and what a charming girl she seems fo. bo ? "Yes, it was oxtromoly kind,1' re sponded Idonoa in her coldest, hardest tones. "And, as you say, Gladys is very charming." . I The Curate looked tjio. least bit wounded at Idonoa's chilling reception of his gracious advances. " "I havo any number of messages > from your sisters," ho said, "but I havo had no opportunity of delivering them, and now I am afraid I must hurry away or I shall bo late." I Idonea did not remind hiin that he had loc many opportunity slip by un heeded while ho was engaged with Miss Wilson. She forced a laugh and replied, carelessly, " I daresay ray sisters' messages will not spoil with keeping, Ernest. You can" reserve . them till you have more leisure.'' With a reproachful glance from his expressive eyes, the Curate took his leave, and Idonea" was loft alone to bitterly regret her bfusqneness. " Of course, lie ...will', prefer Gladys, if I am- so raspy .to . him," she told horsolf, with more truth than ele gance. ' :v "Your Curate is charming," said Gladys lightly as she passed to tho house. ' " He almost persuades one to bo pious." The succeeding days of the Curate's stay dragged .heavily on for Idonea, Without premeditation on anyone's part, she seemed to havo drifted into tlie unenviable position of a bad third. She triod to 'persuade herself that Mr. Garside must necessarily pay greater court to Miss Wilson, in her capacity as hostess; and she endeavoured to ignore the factthot it was toGladys that he looked for appreciation whon lie related some, humorous anecdote ; that it was Gladys he pressed eagerly, forward .to assist in alighting from'fHe carriage or stepping ashore from the boat ; that it was over Gladys' chair that , ho hung en tranced as Idoflea, at. the distant piano, discoursed sweet music, which served only as an accompaniment to their closo and low-tqned conversation. " She is the mistress of the house, and I am only a hired servant," sho thought bitterly. " Of course, ho mustbo more attentive toiler.'' But she could not blind : horsolf to the fact that Miss Wilson entirely monopolised the Curate's attentions when he was pre sent, though sho never failed, in his absence, to insist that his visits were strictly and solely paid to Idonea. Ono evening, -while Idonea was established, as usual, at tho piano, Gladys and Mr. Garsido strolled out on to the terraco. . The heiress looked back with her charming smile. " Go on playing, dear," she criod, " the music sounds lovely outside." When they had, been gone some time Idonea walked to the window and looked out. It was a glorious evening — one to fill with thoughts of poace and gladness any heart but ono burning with wildest jealousy. Sho walked on through tho garden, im pelled by some wild impulse. The sound of a silvery laugh attracted her toward a rustic arbour at the end of a grovo of limes. Hardly knowing what alio did, she crept stealthily nearer, and crouched behind the shade of an arbutus, where she could hear every word that passed. The Curate was speaking. "You say I should" have kept silent; but how could I whon my heart was filied to overflowing with my lovo for you?; You say I am bound to keep my troth at any cost. What kind of troth is that, ' which would bid me marry ono woman whilo my thoughts turn constantly and unaltornbly to another? It was an unfortunate day for all of us whon I entered this villago and saw you, but, having seen you, my allegiance and my love are all yours, and I should but mock Idonea by keeping my troth with her." Idonoa's heart turned cold. Sho could guess the passionate pleading in those glorious oyes. "Try and forget me," said tho heiress. " When you leave here it will be easy enough. . . You will return to your first love, and- wijl not even remember that such a person as poor little Gladys Wilson is in existence." ' "I can never forget, or cease to lovo you. If you rofuso. I shall go out as a missionary to somo dan gerous and insanitary spot, where death will soon . claim me among its early victims," Both his hearers ; paled at the thought of this awful sacrifice of manly strongth and beauty. "Oh, what have I done ?" cried Gladys in feoble distress. . " I thought to do you both a kindness, and I have only plunged us- all into misory." "Not misery, Gladys... It is only a' pnssing through the valley of Despoud, that is to lead us eventually to a haven, of perfect happiness. One word from you and our sorrow is turned into joy." idonea noted bitterly that hor joy or sorrow seemed unconsidered trifles in the estimation of her quondam lover. "Say, 'yes,' sweet Gladys," whis pered the Curate, and a rustle of the leafy boughs suggested to Idonea's tortured imagination that his arm was encircling sweet Gladys' slender waist. . She did not wait to hear the sequel. Sick at heart, ' sho crept, like a wounded thing,- back to the house, and dragging herself painfully to her room, threw herself on- the floor to battle alone, through the dark watches of tho night, -vyith her misery and des pair. The next day, as the Reotor . of Fennystone sat in his library,' the door suddenly opened and Idonea walked in, "You may write and toll Mr. Dominy thnt I will be his wife," she said in a strange, hollow voice. Tho noxtinBtant sho was lyiDg a. senseless heap on the hearthrug at his feet. But tho Reotor only smiled gently, and, -turning to the escritoire, wrote a hasty note, which ho addressed, "Samuel Dominy, Esq., Dnmorey Court, Pennystone." Then he rang tho bell, told' the servant to have tlio lottor posted immediately, and tore- quest her mistress to come to Miss Postlcthwaite, who had fainted. " Vurium et mutalile semper fcemina," he murmured softly, " She might change her mind again when she comes to. Now it. is too late 1" 