WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OP MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, Author of "Ishmael," "Dead Men's Shoes, "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. 1 Chapter XIV.—The Mim.bank Ghost. One of the greatest charms of London has ever been the facility of getting away from it to some adjacent rustic 01- pseudo rustic spot, and in 16UG, though many people declared that the city had outgrown all reason and was eat ing up the country, a two-mile journey would carry the Londoner from bricks and mortar to rusticity, and while the tower of St. Paul's Cathedral was still within sight he might lie on the grass on a wild hillside and hear the skylark warbling in the blue arch above him and scent the hawthorn blowing in untrimmed hedgerows. And then there were the fashion able resorts—the gardens or the fields which the town had marked as its own. Beauty and wit had their choice of such meeting grounds between Westminster and Barn Elms, where in the remote solitudes along the river murder might be done in strict accordance with etiquette and was too seldom punished by law. Among the rendezvous of fashion there was one retired spot less widely known than Fox Hall or the Mulberry Garden, but which possessed a certain repute, and was affected rather by the exclusives than by the crowd. It was a dilapidated building of immemorial age, known as the "Haunted Abbey," being in fact the refectory of a Cistercian monastery of which all other remains had disappeared long ago. The abbey had flourished in the lifetime of Sir Thomas More and was mentioned in some of his familiar epistles. The ruined building had been used as a granary in the tiine_ of Charles the First; and it was only within the last decade that it had been re deemed from that degraded use, and had been in some measure restored and made habitable for the occupation of an old couple, who owned the surrounding fields and who had a small dairy farm from which they sent fresh milk into London every morning. The ghostly repute of the place and the attraction of new milk, cheese cakes, and syllabubs had drawn a certain number of those satiated pleasure-seekers who were ever on the alert for a new sensation, among whom there was no one more active or more noisy than Lady Sarah Tewkesbury. She had made the haunted abbey in a manner her own, had in vited her friends to midnight parties to watch for the ghost and to morning parties to eat syllabubs and dance on the grass. She had brought a shower of gold into the lap of the miserly freeholder and had husband and wife completely under her thumb. Doler, the husband, had fought in the civil war and Mrs. Doler had been a cook in the Fairfax household, but both had scrupulously sunk all Croinwellian associations since his majesty's return, and in boasting, as he often did boast, of having fought desperately and been left for dead at the battle of Brentford Mr. Doler had been careful to suppress the fact that he was a hireling soldier of the Par liament. He would weep for the martyred king and tell the story of his own wounds, until it is possible he had foreotten which side be had fought for in remembering his prowess and sufferings. So far there had been disappointment as to the_ghost. Sounds had been heard of a most satisfying primness during those midnight and early morning watchings; rappings and scrap ings and _ scratching on the wall, groanings and moanings, sighings and whisperings behind the wainscote; but nothing spectral had been seen, and Mrs. Doler had been severely repri manded by her patrons and patronesses for the unwarrantable conduct of a spectre which she professed to have seen as often as she had fingers and toes. It was the phantom of a nun—a woman of exceeding beauty, but white as the linen which banded her cheek and brow. There was' a dark scory of violated oaths, priestly sin, and the sleepless conscience of the dead which could not rest even in that dreadful grave where the sinner had been immured alive, but must needs haunt the footsteps of the living, a wandering shade. Some there were who disbelieved in the tradition of that living grave and who even went so far as to doubt the ghost; but the spectre had an established repute of more than a century, was firmly believed in by all the children and old women of the neighborhood, and had been written about by students of the unseen. One of Lady Sarah's parties took place at full moon not long after the visit to Deptford, and Lord_ Fareham's barge was again em ployed, this time on a nocturnal expedition up 'the" river to the fields near the haunted abbey, to carry Hyacinth, her sister, De Mal fort, Lord Rochester, Sir Ralph Masaroon, Sir Denzil Warner, and a bevy of wits and beauties —beauties who had, some of them, been carry ing on the beauty-business and trading in eyes and complexion for more than one decade and who loved _ that night season when paint might be laid on thicker than in the glare of day. The barge wore a much more festive aspect under her ladyship's management than when used by his lordship for a daylight voyage like the trip to Deptford. Satin coverlets and tapestry curtains bad been brought from Lady Fareham's own apartments, to be flung with studied carelessnessover benches and tabourets. Her ladyship's singing boys and musicians were grouped picturesquely under a silken canopy in the bows, and a row of lanterns hung on chains festooned from stem to stern, pretty gew-gaws, "that had no illuminating power under that all-potent moon, but which glittered with colored light like jewels and twinkled and trembled in the summer air. i A table in the stern was spread with a light collation, which gave an excuse for the display of parcel-gilt cups, silver tankards, and Vene tian wine flasks. A fountain played perfumed waters in the midst of this splendor, and it amused the ladies to pull off their long gloves, dip them in the scented water, and flip them in the faces of their beaux. The distance was only too short, since Lady Fareham's friends declared the voyage was by far the pleasanter part of the entertainment. Denzil, among others, was of this opinion, for it was his good fortune to have secured the seat next Angela, and to be able to interest her by his account/if the buildings they passed, whose historical associations were much better known to him than to most young men of his epoch. He had sat at the feet of a man who scoffed at . pope and king, and hated episcopacy, but who revered all that was noble and excellent in England's past. "Flams, mere flams," cried Hyacinth, acknowledging the praises lavished on her barge; "but if you like clary wine better than skimmed milk you had best drink a brimmer or two before you leave the barge, since 'tis odds you'll get nothing but syllabubs and ginger bread from Lady Barah." "A substantial supper might frighten away the ghost, who doubtless parted with sensual propensities when she died," said De Malfort. " How do_ we watch for her ? In a severe silence, as if we were at church ?" "I would keep silence for a week o' Sawbaths fin I was sure o seeing a bogle," said Lady luphemia Dubbin, a Scotch marquis's daughter, who had married a wealthy cit and made it the chief endeavor of her life to ignore her husband and keep liim at a distance. She hated the man only a little less than his plebeian name, which she had not succeeded in persuading him to change because, forsooth, there had been Dubbins in Mark- lane for many generations. All previous Dubbins had lived over their warehouses and offices, but her ladyship had brought Thomas Dubbin from Mark- lane to my Lord Bedford's Piazza in the Covent Garden, where he endured the tedium ' of existence in a fine new house, in which he was afraid of his fine new servants and never bad anything toeat that he liked, his gas tronomic taste being foi dishes the very name of which were intolerable to persons of quality. This evening Mr. Dubbin had been incorri gible and insisted on intruding bis clumsy person upon Lady Fareham's party, arguing with a dull persistence that his name was on her ladyship's billet of invitation. "Your name is on a great many invitations only becauso it is my misfortune to be called by it," his wife toldhim._ "To sit on a barge after 10 o'clock at night in June—the coarsest month in summer—is to court" lumbago; and all I hope is ye'll not be punished by a worse attack than common." Mr. Dubbin bad refused to be discouraged, even by this churlishness from his lady and appeared in attendance upon her, wearing a magnificent birthday suit of crimson velvet and green brocade, which he meant to present to his favorite actor at the duke's theatre, after he had exhibited himself in it half a dozen times at Whitehall, for the benefit of the great world and at the Mulberry Garden for the admiration of the bona robas. He was a fat, double-chinned little man, the essence of good nature and perfectly unconscious of being an offence to fine people. Although not a wit himself Mr. Dubbin was occasionally the cause of wit in others, if the practice of bubbling an innocent rustic or citizen can be called wit. Rochester and Sir Ralph Masaroon, and one Jerry Spavinger, a gentleman jockey, who was a nobody in town but a shining light at Newmarket, took it upon themselves to draw the harmless citizen, and, as a preliminary to making him ridiculous, essayed to make him drunk. They were clustered together in a little group somewhat apart from the rest of the company, and were attended upon by a lackey who brought a full tankard at the first whistle on the empty one, and whom Mr. Dubbin, after a rapid succession of brimmers, insisted on calling "drawer." -It was very seldom that Rochester condescended to take part in any entertainment whereon the royal sun shone not, unless it were some post- midnight marauding with Buckhiu-st, Sedley, and a band of wild coursers from the purlieus of Drury-laue. He could see no pleasure in any medium between Whitehall and Alsatia. "If I am not fooling 011 the steps of the throne let me loll in the gutter with pam phleteers and orange-girls," said this preco cious profligate. "1 abhor a reputable party among your petty nobility, and if 1 had not been in love with Lady Fareham off and on ever since I cut my second teeth I would have no hand in such a humdrum business as this." "There's not a neater filly in the Loudon stable than her ladyship," said Jerry, " and I don't blame your taste. I was side-glassing her yesterday in Hi Park, but she didn't seem to relish the manoeuvre, though I was wearing a Chedreux peruke that ought to strike 'em dead." " You don't give your peruke a chance, Jerry, while you frame that ugly phiz in it." "Why not buille the whole company, my lordsaid Masaroon, while Mr. Dubbin talked apart with Lady Euphemia, who had come from the other end of the barge to warn her husband against excess in llbenish or Bur gundy. "You are good at disguises. Why j not act the ghost anil frighten everybody out of their senses V" " II n'y a pas de quoi, Ralph. The creatures have no sense to be robbed of. They are second-rate fashion, which is only worked by machinery. They imitate us as monkeys do, without knowing what they aim at. Their women have virtuous instincts, but turn wan ton rather than not be like the maids of honor; and because we have our duels their men murder each other for a shrugged shoulder or a casual word. No, I'll not chalk my face or smear myself with phosphorus to amuse such trumpery. It was worth my pains to disguise myself as a German Nostradamus in order to fool the lovely Jennings and her friend Price—who won't easily forget their adventures as orange-girls in the heart of the city. But I have done with all such follies." "You are growing old, Wilmot. The years are telling upon your spirits." "I was 19 last birthday and 'tis fit I should feel the burden of time and think of virtue and a rich wife." "Like Mrs. Mallet, for example." "Faith, a man might do worse than win so much beauty and wealth. But the creature is arrogant and calls me 'child,' and half the peerage is after her. But we'll have our jest with the city scrub, Ralph; not because I bear him malice, but because I hate his wife. And we'll have our masquerading some time after midnight; if you can borrow a little finery." (To be continued.) 