THE BUDGET. Me. Holder's budget speech last week was delivered in his very best style, and although it occupied more than two hours, the interest displayed by his auditors did not weaken from first to last. This is all the more remarkable because he had nothing startling to say and little novel to propose. A nation's balance-sheet is always a heavy matter to handle, and it is difficult for ordinary mortals to make a mere army of figures appear very attractive. Mr. Holder, however, has a genius for lucidity, and he is invariably so completely a master of any facts that he may have to present that he is able to make the very most of his materials. So far as it was possible, therefore, to prevent the relation of the colony's financial condition, and of its estimated income and expenditure from becoming wearisome, the Treasurer suc ceeded in his task. He never indulges in extravagant flights of oratory, but there is a refreshing charm in his grace ful fluency which is extremely welcome, especially as it is not, even under the greatest'provocation, marred by personal attacks or by vulgarisms of any kind, Mr. Holder can cleverly meet and answer interjections, but Mb nature is not pugnacious, and he prefers peace to wrangling. However, last week there was no unpleasant incident to mar the rounded completeness of the Budget Speech, and friends and antagonists alike were able to heartily congratulate the Treasurer on the manner in which be marshalled Mb facts, and the exceedingly clear way in which he reviewed them. Criticism, of course will come in its proper place, but it will be good-humored and tinged with cordial appreciation of the Treasurer's undoubted ability to make his figures eloquent and Ms arithmetic easily corn It is not altogether pleasant to know that whereas -the Treasurer began the present financial year with a credit balance of £11,000, he intends to close it with only £4,000 on the right side, even if his estimates of revenue are reached and his expected expenditure is not exceeded. We would have liked to see substantial advance. There is an accu mulated deficit of more than £900,000 to be worked off, and little will be possible in this direction if we are to go backward in the fashion contemplated this year. The deficit is more than a mere name. It means, of course, that there is so much less of loan money available for needful works of a repro ductive or developmental nature. The Booner it is wiped away, therefore, the more quickly will that lost million be devoted to its legitimate designs. It is satisfactory to know that 6 per cent, bonds to the amount of £60,000 were paid off last year, and that a similar sum will be wiped off this year, and it is also pleasant to contemplate the substi tution of 3 per cent, consolidated stock for Treasury Bills to the amount of over £800,000, which bear interest at £4 11b. 3d. per cent., and which fall due next year. But business men would be happier if some scheme could be devised for gradually reducing and ultimately extinguishing the deficit which has stared ub in the face now for so many 3 ears. It is true that during the last decade there have been seven surpluses aa; against only three debit balances, but still the ghost of the bad financing and the scanty harvests of the past continues to haunt us, and it is apparently likely to remain a spectre in the national cup board for some time longer. The Treasurer had a cheerful tale to tell of increased Customs revenue, grow ing railway receipts, and a most profit able post and telegraph department. He was able, too, to speak hopefully of the future, although that rain which means revenue still holds off, and that drought which spells deficit looms ghastly on the horizon. If seasonable showers fall, and the agricultural and pastoral industries are thuB filled with profit to thoBe engaged in them, the public revenue will be much larger than Mr. Holder has now predicted. If mineral activity is promoted by the introduction of foreign capital and the discovery of payable fields, our prosperity will be all the greater, while if the Barrier trade grows and the West Australian business of the colony increases, there will be all the more money to be placed 10 the credit of the Treasurer at the end of June next. But even with a moderate harvest and the continuance of present conditions in respect to all other sources of revenue, Mr. Holder is pretty certain that his estimates will be realized. This too, although he has provided for presenting £7,000 to the people by the raising of the income tax exemption from £125 to £150, for the concession of £3,000 in giving free Bchool books to Bcbool chil dren, for the addition of £10,000 to the road vote, for the expenditure of £70,000 in repairs and renewals to the railroads of the colony, and for the redemption of £60,000 of 6 per cent, stocks. It remains to be seen whether the House will accept the Budget in its entirety, or whether it will say that one or more of the concessions mentioned above shall be allowed to wait for another year at the least. A credit balance of £4,000 as comparedJwith the total volume of South Australia's finance is but a small margin to come and go upon, that it may be thought prudent to enlarge it iu some way. One thing at least we may congratulate ourselves upon, and that is that no additional taxation will be authorised this year. It may be true, as the Treasurer says; that South Aus tralians per head pay less taxation than the people of any other Australian colony. But certainly no one is anxious to pay any more. Any spare cash which may be possessed can always find investment outside the State coffers, and however loyal and patriotic a man may be, he always fancies he is able to use his money better than the Government can. 