THE MYSTERY OF GLENELLIS. " Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people in this age helieving in such otter nonsense ! It is too ridiculous !" There was scorn in Miss Bothsby's voice and in every feature of her pretty Iface as she spolke these words. Her companion, Charlcy King, a young civil engineer. was amused, judging by the smile that came and wen4 before he made answer, in a half- soothing, half apologetic tone " Ak, now, don't you think you are a little severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idliosyocracy? You know a belief in which one is born and brought up is a part of his very nature, accepted in most cases without questioc or reasoning. A few of our old men, I think, claim to have seen and heard something very extraordinary in the Glen years ago- before my time : as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a dozen have ever been there; we simply ignore the place." " That is exactly what I supposed," returned Bliss Rothsby, triumphantly. " Those oantedi. luvians who sit, ruin or shine, in front of hotels and saloons, tell their stupid vagnres over and over again until they cgme to believe thee true, so make others believe." " Perhaps you are right; but that does not alter the fact that the Glen bears an evil reputa tion, nod we are all familiar with the blood cardling stories of deeds said to have happened there." " It seemstto me they can easily be explained. Doubtless when this country was new the Glen was the rendezvous for rufnlans and outlaws: secludled. almost isacessible for those who met there to hbe surprised. To doubly eecure them selves they circulated horrible tales. raised a few bghosts, lnd made ocncasions to impose them lson tihe credulosS early settlers. There is the caoe in a nutshell." Charley ahapk his head in doubtful way that irritated the pretty philosopher. " Very well put, Miss Rothshy; but there are certain thiogs-" " Nonsense ! " she broke in half laughingly, half angrily, " I know you are going to csa something stupid and old-fashiooed, and I will not permit it. The robbers are dust long ago, and the ghosta and terrble deeds vanished with them, you may be sure; yet have your all, for such a palpable imposture. hburied in oblivion the most romantic and beautiful spot on earth. lie upon you, young men, to let such a state of things continue ! " " But what can we do about it ? We were taught to respect the opinion of our elders, and have done so." " That's all very well; but respect can be carried too for." "Well, what do you suggest ? " asked Charlcy, a trifle impatiently. " 'That the Glecn be thoroughly investigated. Just let the place be invaded by merrymaksers, ando the spell will be broken. Once knnwu it will become famous, so that people will come from far and near to see it." " It may be all just as you say," responded the young man. " But you forget the flowers. You told me that on the first dlay of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-red blossom from its stem, when a stream of redl fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower became white. How do you account for that ?" " I don't try to account for it. Who can explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stem exudes a milky substance, and then a red fluid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful and incomprehensible. It is aburds to be affected by a phenomencn just because one doesn't understand it." "Neverthaless, I think the flowers are the greatest objection to our project. Their Ieliarity seems unwholesome, to say the SI suppose so-and it is such a pity ? You cannot think how I have set my heart on tis 1i niiscltha jfo , 4 me in the effect of cne or two hunilered lanterns Thte iiinot a thing I could wish changed." " Excrpt the flowers." " Except the flowsers. I wiethey would dis appear for that one evening. Do you think we f can persuade the others ? " " We'll try; the idea will be quite startling. I however We shall meet with much more e opposition from the parents than from the e young folks and if we hasten matters it will leave lets time for talk. Friday will be the s Sharvest moon,' why not have it then ?" "Just the thing ! )Do you sauppose Blarney and his harpers will go ?" "No. indeed, nor any other musicians in Ellendale. We'll have to forego dancing." t " A moonlight picnic wishout dancing ? P'reposterous ! If the harpers will not yieldl to my powers of persuasion palpa must furnish the I music: ; hlie knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us." " I will tell yout beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuiasion for the I papan and mammas, aunts and uncles, who de clare they have inheard anseceuntabshle sounlds issue from the Glen. You will need them all, and wish for mnore bdlore we successfully lay the ghost. Ah ! hlere come Letty and Tom Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and bliss I Annie behind them. Good I Now we ocan be gin the attack." Charley King had returned but a few weeks before this conversation from a five years' absence in distant ltands. Among his fellows there none had a higher repatation than he for those qualities which min aso well as women most admire. It was not strange thenl that pretty Miss ItLothaby, whom be found visiting his sister, an old schoolma:te, -hould find hliml ptarticularly atltractive, anid lie, for liis prt, hail dlclaredl to himself, after the manner of men aI lhard hit at first sight, that it should be Miss Itotlhaby or no one. About a mile from Ellendslc was the haunted glen of ctiert tlltne had brIen spetting, inrvel ioeiwgfelo niye ttseetse-v. .eVaeie 1tua.co by had spient many an hour there,fer her friend and hoastess was an ilmportant personage in household and parish muatters, and there were times whtn the visitor must entertain herself. As she was a good walker she soon knew the country for miles around better than aotst of the young twomen hrn and bred in the town. and so daliscoveredl the beautiful antd secluded spot which boreso had a reputation. " Better not go there again, Miss Rothsby," her hoest said to her when she stHoke of hier ex tpedlition at the dinner table, and wondered that so charming a place was so little known. ." It is humiliating to admit that we are the victims of uperstitiol but everyone in thbe community believes that the Glen in hauntcd." " Then, as I shoulod immesely enjoy a friendly chat with a bona-fide ghoset, I shall make it a point to go soon again," laughed the yaung lady. SI hope not." said Mr. King, gravely, " for I feel deeply tupon this subject. You, of course, noticed the nak tree that hides the pathwsy? It was planted whent I was a boy. A dreadful thing had happened there just before, though I cannot nay positively there was anything asuper aiturel about it." " What was it ?" asked Miss Iothsby, curi ously. " Tell meo all the story, please." " I can only tell you what I know. An odd looking foreigner paissed through the town one day, and disappeared in the Glent. That night a shock as at earthquake was felt, nod peIple who passed near the forest hear strange, un earthly cries. From time to time these strange shocks wenr3 repeated. The man was never seen again, and it was supposed that he was murder ed." " Oh ! and is that all ?" asked Miss Itothaby, in a disappointed tone. " The authorities considered it enough, and resolvedl to render' the Glen as inacesaible as possible. For aught I know, yours is the first foot that has stepped within it for forty years." " I must say, then, that you have lost more than you can imagine, and I shall try to atone for your neglect of the loveliest apot on earth." So answeredl the willful beauty;. and to the Glen she went thereafter as often as oppor tunity allowed, declaring to herself; as she sat upon the grreensward drinking in the beauty of her sitroundings, that it was enchated groundl, and that she was under the magic spell. When Charley King came he was a willing escort, and so lonig as she was by his side, what did it matter alhere they went ? v The picnic by mr.oonlight had been a loIg talked of plan among the youtig people of the village. The selection of the place was left to these two visitors and they had clhosen the haunted glen. Friday was the night appointed. Some acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, but no one had the courage to refuse save the musicians, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous offers, and could not be persiiadeld to " resk their lives, reason, and in. strobmennts by gon' to the hants of the devil his elf.'" io Mr. Rothsby supplied the music, tving the men hesent fromthe citvinstructionse to render any assistance they could, bidding them, if possible, to anntge anti light the immense number of Chinese lanterns he con signed to them without the knowledge of the party. His plan worked well, for that their last night might not be assailed bytales notcon ducive to steady hands, they were met at the train and directed to the Glen, with strict in junctions not to pluck so much as a blade of grass, The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors here andI there throughout pretty Ellendale opened for the gay picnickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the villago streets with jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped ait them from behind blinds or open doorways. But when they entered that distant pathway anid the sweet perfume of the forest pervaded the air aertheir light feet pressed the carpet of pine needles, the jest died away, the laughter ceesed, and their voices had a hollow sound. Feat seized upon them; each had a strong desire to turn back, but shrank fromn the ridiculs of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, tand in low voices they talked of little matters in the village. Whent the exquisite beauty of the Glen burst upon their view all other thoughts were dispel led, andtl the nervous reaction of their ground less terror madse their doubily merry. Ilundretds of lanterns gleamed faintly in the fatling twi light from the tree, and vinesa on either side, and the grandl ould oak which barredl the en trance was fairly corveredl with them. The first glimpse of the fair " queen of the night," as her atery dlisc rose above the tree tops, was the signal for a song, half chant. half rounde lay, that had breen comlsed for the occasion, sand as the young people stood in the pridle sanid strength of their youtlh, their faces upturnetl, their rich, sweet voices filling the dying day with nmelody, one would have said, " Wise Miss Iotlhsby ! Surely no rystless, tunholly spirits eon abide here longer. The magic of your itnocent ibreoery naolyour pure eoices must en orlrtheta fur 4emr. Scarcely teotkinog, in little groups, the young folks w.'inuleeed frost spot to spot in an ecstacy of 'lelight. Eopecilly did the flowers that gltattied so red uponi the grouiid attract thet; hut bliss Ilothohlu had eXaggerated the stain ttey mastd that they taight be left untiuched. She felt now that soienaturnal esplauntion cotlut be gisnti it their untpleasant peculiarity, ibitt tlresuteul its iffct uoton week nerves, so wisely adlvisedl her cotiiluanions to beware of them Shn learned from the musicians that her father had ititetnle comaiag on the saute train with them, but heitig iletaited at the last min ule, he wauld take the itext osie, and he with them before the rveniuig wais oer-- no, as her light feet keput titie to a favourite walia, tand a face she much apiroseti was very near to uens, she thought her cuai of earthly bliss was nearly full. Thgre was to be dancing until nine o'clockr when supper- wouldl be st.radl, and afterwards more dancing if they nieoe; hut the pasrents lied insisted that the yettttg follus shutiiiil be at home by elsven, atitt Mrs. Gray bud peir oised for thet by virtut of her eluuireirinige. The catp lir. waso Ilgliteul ot agreat fat stotte itesr the oak tret, and to elowi its Soou fellowsltie cranckle in the titoet heterfutl say, while its ritdtly glow threw into brightter relief the sombre brntiches oa the pitt's ay up the I sides of the Glen. The buskets were emlitierl of their good things, the tettiliting feost uss ipresul, the frag rant aroma of the coflee proclslanttt teltlliist thing ready, and Mr. King, as master of the ceremioniea,wvas about civine tie signal for thetti all to assetltbte, when distanctly tisrougoietit the place there came a soft, silvery sound like the tons ofa clocka triking the hour at nine. bse dancers, pausitg int their gitldiy swhirl. looaled at each other iand sad, " Whut i yretty device of Miss Rothlsbtlys !" but even as they aaoke the earth seemsad to tremble beneath their leen, I while s urid, unearthly glow lit up with spttal ling ilistietnanes every object it, the Glntito the very top of the beetling ledge above them. With a discordnint, jurring sound the music I stopped. Heanrts heat fast; chceks grew white; then the sounds died away. " What is it ? What done it mean P" every i body teas askiog. Charley King iitode answer.althoaug he coultl not quite control the tremor in his voice. " It must have been is slight shock of earth quAoe or some electrical disturbance. I have seen most woaderful phetomens in my time.'r Partly reassurrel the mtsicians went back to Stheir sttnd and the company sat lown to table. but it was- io vain they strove to ga natur ally, in vain thsey stoe to eat.- Their voices were thick. their hands trembled, their hearts beat painiully quick and loud. After a few moments Mrs. Gray, smiling faintly, said " My friends, I fear I have taken cold in this haultilul hut moist place. I propose that wea adjourn to warmer quarters. What say you to a good-night waltz at my house ?" Before an answer could be given again there sounded throughout the Glen the faint. low chime, so aswully distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifled ant seeming to come from beneath them. reached their care, and a rocky door in the cliff swung. back, revealing a caverrn filled with light; buhat brighter than the light about it wan a human form wrapped in tlaime tlhat sprang out of it and fell upon the greensward. Here was sometlhing tangible, and Charley King swiftly led the way towards this new horror. Too late ! the form lay still, the voice was silent, sand the Ilanmes were masters at lnst, of him Iwho had so long been their master. Exorcised were thIe ghosts for ever, harmless was the subterranean chamber filrled with un meaning apparatus and curious chemicals to those who found them, for the evil genius was dead. For years the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, and had found, at last, her very great. est death. 