THE GHOST DANCE. The Ghost Dance has seldom been wit nessed by a white man, but an American paper describes one of them as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half-breed to take him to the spot. The camp in questicn was situ ated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. Many of the Sioux are farmers and l?e:ghters, and their waggons were corralled in the middle of the valley. Some of the older braves and squawe, who have never reconciled themselves to modern ways, had tents apart. The oxen, pigs, and poultry ns .e cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at dark, and thi ugh the old squaws had carefully raked out the tires, a blaze arising from them nuw and then revealed the fact that the braves were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, thise in front kneeling, with the youn|j a,:.ks and squaws standing behind them At this point there was apanse of about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt down in the centre of the valley. They began chant ing what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. The warriors advanced, and joining hands in a larger circle behind the old squaws, they began the Ghost Dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, o,ut less shrilly than the squaws, and then .ame the invocation to the dead braves to arise and exterminate the white man. The old women, meanwhile, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Returning wi.h these, they stole like shadows under tle linked arms oA :le ":r ::..rs, and passed th.:Lrough thie circle like a proees in of sphinxes. This was repeated again and again, and it is said that the dance lasts till d,:ylight, when every one concerned in it is more or less exhausted. An English Billion of seconds has not elapsed since the world began. No matter what their daily cares, parents should fnd time to take their children upon their knees, and caress them with kind words and mende:r isnses. 