STRAY NOTES. \ . ' The Toze^Èfeas?ïncident. ¿ WHHH wül! they bary the Tozer Thomas-Reid business for good and alli No Booner do yon believe it com- fortably underground than out of the . sepulchre arises some ghost of tbe'pasti; and stalks soberly through another act in the poor play. The farce, or the tragedy, of it is that no one believes anybody who doesn't belong to hts own crowd. Why, as the sorest, ¡way of whitewashing everybody,'don't they appoint a Royal Commission? What a gorgeous proepeot ! How easily mighb time : and. money be spent, in visiting Brisbane, to croBS-examine ex Folice Commissioner Seymour j Terrick, to examine the, man who saw a" police- man following Thomas ; Adelaide, tb examine the waiter at the hotel where Tozer says he ate with Thomas J Broken Hill,jbo examine the min in Thomas' electorate whose son was im- prisonedduring the Queensland'strike ! As a- matter of intercolonial im- portance, having a possible bearing upon Federation, let the Government seriously consider, this matter. ? ; ? * v A New Venture. A. notice from the Viotoriari Government Gazette Companies Act, -1890. I hereby certify ' that Det auatralsk-akaudinaviflke Avia Àktiesêlakab; : - Limited,' Has been thia day registered by* me, and notify that the said company ÍB incorporated and is limited by "shares. EDVTABD BABBETT, . Deputy Registrar-General. - I have no doubt about ¿he lona fides of this ooncern. Ita promoters are qpfgrsxz, and in the highly mnzofslab business to be undertaken avnlzxak is assured." * * : Some Gratis Suggestions. Why not a penny-in-the-slot, or a poundin-the-ajot, machine on the pave- ment at the Stock Exchanges ? Get a capital of £500 to start with. Buy 10 Great .Boulders, 50 Croras, 200 Great United Irishman Boulder Underlayp, 300 Great Scotchman ditto, and a few moré. Split 'em np into scrips of one, five, or 20, according to value bf shares. Fat the scrips ip the machine, and in- vite the public ' to play np. As the sovereigns drop in and*the reservoir gets exhausted,' buy in j then fill 'em up again. Wonderful idea this to " assist the great mininer industry." Govern- ment, too, might dp a line. Cut up the country into lO-acre blocks. All prizè», ho blanks. Fut in a sov., and you draw the mining lease of a - block -most likely, of 'course, romethiog ; " quite aa good as" thè Great Boulder. As a patriot I give these suggestions to.my countrymen (who just now are possessed of bnt one desire-to wit, to . " assist the great mining industry") in token of my appreciation of their self denying,; commonsense efforts in that regard. > . .. * * * A New National1 Emblem. " St. Clair," a .writer: of interesing natural history nobes in the Kyneton (Vic ) Guardián,; wonders bow ever the kangaroo and ema came to be chosen for the places of honor upon the Aus- tralian shield. The one, no doubt, has an uncanny look ; the other is not graceful. !. One can understand West Australie taking hold of the graceful black swan for its emblem ; but of emu and kangaroo:: the beeb and the moat we. can say is that they are peeuliar. Yet -'/ St. Clair" reminds us that we..' haye native indigenous birds and animals which, besides being peculiar to our 'shores,' are graceful into the bargain. His own fancy is the eaglehawk. or wedge-tailed 1 eagle :-. It is a wonder to me that this bird was i not ., chosen for the Australian emblem instead bf the timid kangaroo, which is chiefly noted for its speed and ' readiness in , running .away .when danger approaches. . The wedgetailed eagle, with" its powerful ; winga and talons , outspread over the shield : bearing '.the Muthern Cross, would have made a more picturesque and poetical em ? blem of Australia than the present coat I; of-arms. ' long sighted, very active, bold, majes* tiójiánd graceful-thia much, at leasty can, be saidvin ; the favor of ithe newly anagésted subject for emblematic nse. . V ARGEN TUM. 