A wonderfully adroit piece of phrasing Is that In which a contemporary, not wholly In love with Hie present Govern- Tnont,represents Mr Best ns "explaining" something "In Justification of his action In appointing kjh?ciu1 l>ounls to hear reasons against forfeiture from selectors nnd Crown lessees who are five yearn mid upwards in arrears with their rents." Thn suggestion Is, of course, that Mr Best had been put upon his defence In some seriously challenged administra tive act! We wish to Impress upon our readers that that Is not the position, nor anything resembling the jMSltlotu On the contrary, it should be borne in mind that the present Minister of Lands is engaged In nn honest endeavor to do his plain nml unmistakable duty. That duty ban beeu complicated, and, there fore, made more difficult of discharge, because bo many of his predecessors have uublushliigly shirked It— tlie while taking credit to their respective Governments for not harrying the "poor selectors." With what result Is known. People who have obtained State lands on exceptionally easy terms are In the aggregate L7fi0,000 behindhand with their payments. Now tlie Slate an a landlord ts tlie easiest of ull iKisslble landlords. So easy, Indeed, that this quality in It Is what ftirnulshcs the readiest and most favored argument to those who object to additions to the State's rigidly govern mental functions. Mr Best is alx>ut the last man lu Australia to worry any poor devil of a struggling selector whoso honest endeavors to mako ends meet were unsuccessful. Nor would the pub lic allow a Minister to do anything of the kind. The speclnl departmental boards Just npj>ointed are intended to perform the work of discrimination which the Minister finds so essential Jf he Is going to do his duty to the public nml yet temper Its discharge with such generous consldomHon In hard eases ns the people expect htm to show. People occupying State lands, und who have dlshouostly withhold payments whlohT they ought to have made; people mean enough' to skulk behind Uiose who are really in distress, nnd who accept shares Inn sort of lummy of forbearance intended only for the luird-up— these arc the people who will object to tho departmental board, and these only! '! Tho Attorney-General, with clKirac- terlstlc promptitude, put his hand ^yes terday upou' the weak point In . our system of jurisprudence specially exemplified by the breakdown of the Buxtor-Rhplport case. ' Tlie point! is not that the Ohiefl.Tustteo may betwrong- In bis law, but that howsoever wrong ho is tho existing legal machinery admits of no rovfow and consequent possible repair of jjosslble error. In a civil case It Ih different. Law laid down by one Su preme Court judge Is subject to Full Court revision, and, -It muy be, reversal. A fortiori, the rule should apply In criminal jurisdiction. Disassociate your mind from the cose which brings iho point Into prominence.'. Assume thnt on the Bench there fs a learned judge, with ii liver, say, or in some frame of mind In which his Judgment wns momentarily at fault— and that happens1 to the host of human . beings. What might occur? Just conceivably, a murderer, or other awful offender might obtain the tech nical right to step out of the dock with out trliil, hnd firiup ills fingers at a 'fltnrtlcd community. An amendment of tlio l«\v. la needed, so that Hie cause of justice should never nt a critical period be dependent upon .the chance of what view of a debatable law point a particu lar judge might take— an amendment which would,- within certain limits, admit of a remand of tho' accused until tho .law "point at Issue was settled by; the Full' Court. It Is quite true ' that somn' estimable people in tho eastern and south-eastern suburbs have lately seen ghosts. The spooks of persons : who uughi to have allowed nothing savo the Inst trumpet to "rouse, thorn from their, lowly bod" have walked at night, imd frighted the souls of fearful pedestrians! by ordering them to' stand and deliver. Therefore, when Mr Alexander M'Fhee told his highly sensational story hist evening, tie had to deal with a detective forco rapidly hardening Into cold seep- tielsm. But lie by no'inoansdeaitr Vainly. Mr M'Phce is himself a well-known man, and he belongs to a legal office In this city where n. dreamer of dreams would lie decidedly de Irop. Moreover, his narrative of tlie sticking up Is sup- ! ported by tbo statement of an ludopon-i dent witness, who saw most of Hie affair i —as ho easily might— without at the Ume comprehending It. It Is quite beyond doubt that Detective Dungey Is I this time pursuing a very real, material, and distinctly dangerous footpad. ! It ih understood thut the detective believes the robber to be identical with ' a tnau who lately tried a little bur glary nt llichmoud, and who nt the muzzle of n revolver ordered a pursu- ; ing householder home to bud. The idea Is specious, and those of us who are j nervous would be tnffnitely relieved by a more posltivo assurance that one only, Instead of. two such characters, is about. Perhaps it was the tmme nmn who lately Invaded Canon Berry's residence, nml had such u high old tluio with the rer. geutleman's favorite vintage. If the Canon had only hnp- poned to have tils boots on when lie came downstairs, goodness knows what would huvo happened. There would probably Imve been n vacancy some where— cither Iu tho church or In the burgling profession. And now, gentlemen of the detective police, the exquisite fooling of this marauder lias gone fur enough. IJow you ilto going to do it we do not pretend to be able to say, that' being a part of the business for which you arc Incomparably better qualified, but we want you to catch the fellow. Until lie Is safo tinder lock nnd key pedestrians will look askance at dark places on tlio suburban roads, and bo strongly templed to go out armed with revolvers— with which they may do themselves or other Innocent citizens tragic mischief. Superintendent Brown will see, we doubL not, that with De tective Dungey are associated other of tho Kinurt men of the force. See, too, we hope, that suitable departures from stereotyped methods will he taken iu order that the quest after this peril of the streets muy be quickly successful. 