A FATAL, UNION. (* H r Ml. CHAPTER XVI — (Continued.) Her horror, lier fear, had driven her for tho moment absolutely distraught. Sho would kayo rushed for the room but that Donnison caught her, - ' Lady Dynely, you must not go.^ For pity's sake stay a moment longer, Eric will Hover forgive you if you do this,' ' Ho will not be alive to-morrow morning if I do not do it I Let me go, Terry lveum fjori I You will not lift a finger to save him ?—your own brother — bo I must ! Lot mo go !' But ho held her fast. Wait a moment,' ho said ; ana some thing in his tone, in his face, even through nil lier madness, made her stop. Sho looked at him with eyes all wild and ?wide with terror, and for tho first timo saw the bruised and swollen disfiguration of his face. Sho snatched oif hits hat and looked at him '' Torry !' she exclaimed, ' what is this I' He turned crimson — a burning, shameful Crimson, from brow to chin. In those supreme jnomonts of life, the perceptive faculties are pretornaturally sharpened — like n flash tho truth burst upon her. 'Torry!' sho cried out in now horror, (i Eric has done this P' He did not speak — he could not. Liko in spiration, somotbing of tlio real truth camo to her. ' You and he havo quarreled, and lie has Btruck you? Terry! — you — you havo not jltrack him back P' 'No,' ho Baid, hoarsely and breathlessly, ,(I did not Btriko him back. Mother, bo nilent ! tho devil has beon in mo strongly enough once to-night. . Let mo forgot this blow if I can.' She flung hor arms around liis nock, and kissed tlio brutal mark of her darling's handiwork. ' Forgive him, Torry!' sho said. 'Hois your brother — your only brother, and ho does HOC Know wnac no nous, rui-yivu mm, imvu pity on mo.. In someway you can, you must, prevent this duel. He is all I havo. I havo loved him bo fondly — oh, with moro than a mother's love — I havo been so proud of him, of his beauty, of hiB grace, of his talents. Everywhere he lias gono people havo loved and admired him. Ho is all I have- — all I ever 'had. My heart is wrapped up in him. Ho worries me — lio troubles mo, but I could not live if I lost him. TcSrry, Terry ! pity me — pity him. Ho is so young — life is so bright for him. Pity his wife, whom you love — and in somo way — oh, in any way, save hia life !' Hor armB hold him close — hor palo, passionate face, over whioh tho tears poured, was uphold to his. So in tho supreme selfish ness of (mother |love, sho pleaded. In somo way sho instinctively felt that hor only earthly hope was in Torry Dennison. He stood still — a horrible struggle going on within him. Ho had gono to Eric in all good faith and fellowship, ready to tako his place to-morrow before Di Vonturini's pistol. And Brio's answer had boon a blow. No man had ovor struck him boforo — no man was over likely to again, It burned liko a brand at this moment. And ho was called upon to forgivo this — tliiB and tho liundrod othor inBults Erio Dynely had offorcd him, and at all risks savo his lifo. . ? ' Terry,' Lady Dynoly said, still holding him oloso, ' do you remombor that afternoon last August? Wo wore alono altogothor at Dynoly, and I told you your story. I nood nevor havo told you — who was tliero to mako moP You knolt at my feet, and I put my arms around you, ana icissoct you tor tno lirss time. I loved you thon — I havo lovod you Binoo, but not — oh, no ! not as I lovod him. Do you remombor what I said to you that day r Do you remember what you promised mo P' Ho doos not answer. Sho doos not know what sho is asking him to do. Sho does not know of tho Btrugglo that is going on in tho heart, beating in such hard throbs against hor own. ' I recall it all, aB though it woro this momont,' sho softly went on,. ' I said to you, ? Bo a friond, a brother to my boy. Ho is not liko you — ho is rookloss and oxtravagant, easily led, solf-willed, and wild. Ho will go wrong, and you must bo his protootor, Lot nothing ho evor says, nothing ho ovor doos, tompt you to angor, tompt you to dosort him. Promise mo that.' ' Still silont— -still with that strango, rigid look on his faco, that halt frightens hor in tho midst of hor supromoly solflsh pleadings, and whioh she doos not understand. ' You knolt down,' sho wont on, ' you kissod my hand ; and kneeling thoro, alono with Clod and mo, this is what you said : ' 'Nothing Erio oan ovor say, can ovor do, will tompt mo to angor — that I swoar. For his sako and for yours, I will do all mortal mau oan do. You havo beon tho good angol of my lifo — I would bo loss than man if I ovor forgot it,' You promisod that, Torry — tho timo has oomo now for you to koop your word,' Still siloneo, Oh ! if ho would but spoak, if that dark, strango, rigid look would but loavo his faoo. II Wmtmr I III „1, „ ? ,n 4 4A4JT I BUU WIUBpUrUll) ' you liavo boon bravo and noblo in tho past, For the sako of him and mo, you gavo up narao, fortuno, lovo — for tho salco of liim and mo, I oall upon you now in somo way to savo hiBlifo,' Ho drow a long, hard breath, and lookod down upon hor. Did sho know* wlmt sho askod P No, ho saw sho did not. 'All tho snmo, though, so that ho savod Erio, it didn't muoh mattor, 'Torry, spoak to mo,' sho ploadod. ' don't . jtand and look at mo like this, Oh I if you ovor lo.vod mo, lit you ovor lovod Crystal, savo him who is tlio lifo of our livos. Tarry, I oall upon you— savo Erio !' Ho stooped and kissod hot'. ' Say no moro, mothor, If mortal man oan do it, I will savo Erio.' Sho gavo iv great sob of uuuMorablo -joy and roliof, laid hor fnoo on his shouldor, and was still, 'You nood havo no foar,' ho wont on; 'Erio shall not light Di Yonturini, And now, too muoh timo has boou spent lioro alroady, You must go to tho Hotol du Louvro at onoo, Crystal is ill,' 'I11P' Rapidly and oouoisoly ho narratod his visit to Erio, only suppressing Erie's own insulting .lauguago how Crystal had ovorlioard, and tho 1 x'osult, ? At any othor tiino Lady Dynoly would havo boon unspoalcably horriflocl— now tho .Xfvoator horrov hud swullowod up all loB/jor, ' Yes, yes, I will go to her at onco. Oh, poor child ! Terry, will you tell me — how do you moan to savo Erie?' Ho smilod. 'You will learn later. At present do not in any way let Eric suspect that you know anything. And — that my plan to savo him may succeed — you must give him an opiato to-niglit.' ' An opiate P' ' Ho must bo mado to sleep beyond tho hour of meeting, else, not even Crystal's death could keep him away. To steady his nervos ior to-morrow some sieep win oe ncccseury — he will, thoroforo, probably retire early. In fact, you must soo that ho docs, and inducc him to tako a glass of wine or brandy, and administor au opiato in tho drink that will hold him for eight hours at least. All depends upon that.' ' Oh, I can do that. I have done it often before.' ' Very well j that is all you aro to do'. Now go quickly to tho Louvro, and perform your part. In about two hours I will call to seo how Crystal is. I have othor business of importance meantime. For tho present good bye.' # # # # # Tho last act of 'La Sorciore d'Or' is over, tho ballot has begun, and a group of gentle men aro |loitoring about tho vostibulo of the theatre, not quito sure whether thoy will reiurn to their stalls for tho great display of logs and lime-light, or go virtuously homo to bod. Mr. Bovillo is among them, and Mr. Bovillo is debating within himself tho advisa bility of a littlo gamo of lansquenet, as a soothing preparation for slumbor, whon a man strides hurriedly up and lays liiB hand heavily on his shouldor. ' Bovillo ! I thought I would find you here. Will you leave tho theatre and como. with mo P' Bovillo swings round and faces his interro gator. 'You, Dennison ! Certainly, my dear fol low. But what tho douco is tho matter P On my word you look liko your own ghost,' ' Oomo with mo,' Donnison roplios, hur riedly, and Boville links his arm through tho dragoon's and goos. Wiihout a word, Terry loads him away from tho glare and gaB-light glitter of tho tnrongoa boulevards to somo distant, aimiy lighted, dosertod stroot. Without a word Bovillo follows. This is somothing serious, ho feols. Has tho duol got wind P Donnison and Dynoly aro rela tives. Bovillo hazily recolloots — rolativos of somo sort ; ho is not quito clear about it. No doubt Dennison has oomo to spoak of tho duol ; but why with that faco P ' Bovillo,' Torry abruptly begins. ' Lord Dynoly and Prinoo Di Vonturini fight to morrow, do thoy not, and you aro Dynoly 's second P' ' Woluotautly— yesi j'lt's a bad businoBB, old boy. Dynoly linBn't a ghost of a chance, and bo I'vo told him, But a wilful man — you know tho provorb. Bosides, wcally, you know,' Mr. Bovillo has rootod objootion to the lottor R, ' I don't sUo how ho is going to got out of it. Tho princo — confound him ! would bwand him as a coward far and wido, aiid Eric'B not that. My dear Torry, '--thoy aro passing undor a strotch-lamp at tho mo mont, and tho light falls full upon his com panion's faco, ' what have you boon doing to yoursolf P Thoro is a bwuisod swolling tho sizo of an ogg botwoon your oyoB.' Donnison's faoo inrns orimson, a doop burning, tingling orimson onoo moro, Ho pulls his hat far ovor his oyos, and trios to laugh. ' An acoidont, Bovillo. Novor mind my faoo — I'vo no boauty to spoil. I'vo oomo to talk to you about this duol. At what hour do thoy moot P' _ ' At first poop of day, botwoon half-past six and seven. It won't do to be later. But who told you P Do Conorossault, or Dynoly himself P ' Both. Bovillo, this mooting must novor tako plaoo I' ' Dolightod, I'm suro, to hoar it,' drawlod Mr. Bovillo, opening _two vory small, vory Bloopy blue oyoB to thoir widost j ' nevor was aooossory to a mui'dor in my lifo — don't want to bogin now. But, at tho samo timo how do you propose to provont it P' ' You canrofuso to aot for Erio,' Bovillo Bhruggod liis shouldors andinsortod his glass in his oyo, '' And have my bwains blown out for my pains. Havon't got many bwains, thank Hoavon — novor was in our family — still, tho fow I'vo got I pwriposo to koop, That dodgo won't work, Torry, twy flomotning olso,' ' It will bo downright slaughtor, Bovillo — nothing loss.' ' Know it, doar boy-— told Dynoly so ; but what's tho uso of tolling P lTo s got into this infornal littlo sowapo, and must tako tho oon soquonoos. Ho's had his throo weeks' flirta tion with Foliola — now he's got to pay tho ponalty, Apwojm (h batten, sho wns in capital fawm to-night— at hor lovoliost, If it woro sho that was to bo shot to-morrow, I'd assist at tho oowomonial with tho groatost ploasuro,' Thoro is a raomont's silonoo, and tho two mon walk cm iu tho rain. Thon Donnison speaks in an altorod Yoioo. 'Thoro is ono way, Bovillo-— only cno,' ' Vowy ploased to hoar it, dear boy, Gtivo it a namo, ' I must go out in Dynoly's plaoo.' It is tlio proud boast of Horbort Bovlllo's lifo that since ho wnn in plnuforos ho lias novor folt surpriso or any othor earthly emotion, But now— ho actually stops in tho rain, and stares at his companion, aghast, ' Go out in ? My doar Donnison, I don't think I can havo hoard you awight, Will you kindly wopoat your last womtirk P' 'Oh, nonsense, Boville— your hearing's all right, I must go out in Dynely's place ; such has been my intention from tho first, and I call upon you to aid and second me,' Bovillo fixed his glass in his cyo, and tried in the darkness to seo his friend.^ 'I always thought,' he soid, in a helpless tone, ' that I had less bwains myself than any other fellow of my acquaintance. Now I know I was mistaken, Pwoy, Torry, when did you tako leave of your senses P' Terry muttered something forciblo and strong. ' Look here, Bovillo,' he cried, impatiently, ' don't let us waste timo chaffing, ^ As Buroly as wo both stand hero, I mean this, Dynely haBn't a ghoBt of a chance, as wo both know ; for him to meet Di Ventui'ini would bo sheer murdor. Now with mo it is differont, # I may not bo tho same dead Bhot tho prince^ is, and I havon't had his experience with living targets, but my pistol hand is tolerably sure, for all that. And I mean to meet Di Von turini to-morrow.' Ho said it with a dogged determination that convinced Boville at last. ' By Jovo !' ho said, ' this is a rum go ! Do you mean to toll mo, Terry, that Eric will stand by and allow this P' ' Eric knows nothing about it — will not until it is all ovor. IIo is tho laBt man on earth who would allow it. Tho devil liimsolf is not moro obstinate or moro plucky than Dynely.' ' You must bo awfully fond of him, Terry, old boy ! Gad ! I novor heard of such a thing in all my lifo. Knocks Damon and tho othor fellow into a cocked-hat. By Jovo ! it does. At the name timo vou Btand no moro chanco ' boforo the prince than Dynely.' 1 'I don't think so,' Dennison responded, coolly ; ' as I tell you, I'm a very fair shot, and can hold my own with most mon.' ' Wit h moBt mon, perhaps — not with the prince. And, thon, it's impossible — oh, uttorly impossible ! Y ou don't suppose — now, Donnison, you don't suppose Di Vonturini will fight you instead of Dynoly?' ' I don't suppose ho would, if ho knew. It is not my intention to lot him know.' ' Ah, how will you help it P' ' Simply enough. Di Vonturini novor saw Eric in his lifo.' ' But ho has soon you, doar boy, and Do Concwessault knows Erio liko a book. How do you proposo to baffle two pairs of ? ? 0)1 ' Boville,' said Terry, earnestly, ' thiB thing has to bo done, that is tho wliolo amount of it. Even if I were sure — which I am not at all — that Di Vonturini would Bhoot mo, I would still meet him. It will bo tho early dawn of a dark and rainy morning. I shall wear this slouch hat, which, to a great degree, will hido my face. And in figure and genoral air' Dynoly and I aro alike — havo often boon accoBtcd for each other. They will novor suspoot — how Bhould thoy ? Thoy will tako it for granted that I am Lord Dynoly, and tho duol will bo fought, and thoro will bo an ond of tho mattor.' ' An ond of tho mattor ! Ah ! vory likely. And wlioro, all this timo, will bo Dynoly P' Torry reddoned. ' Dynely will bo asloop— drugged. I havo taken caro of that.' Again Bovillo paused — in genuine, un foigned amazomont. ' Dynoly drugged ! By Jovo 1 And who will drug him r' ?' ' His mothor. At my request.' ? ' By Jovo !' exclaimed Bovillo again, and laughed softly ; ' if this isn't tho wiimmest go. By Jovo, Terry, how fond you must be of Erio !' , (To bo continued.) 