A MYSTERY IN WHITE. A DETECTIVE STORY. "It's not more than a year ago,"" said the veteran detective when asked for a stcry, "that I had the strangest experience of my career. That's? saying some thing-, for. while I'm not one of these men in novels who can put on half a dozen disguises in an evening or look at a.little heap of cigar ashes and identify the man who smoked the cigar. I've s-|en a great deal that's" way out of th ccimmon. . "An old gentleman named" Benzi called at.my office one afternoon to ^m ploy my professional services. -1 knew him by reputation as a stern, grasping money-making man who loved nothing but his possessions and his beautifu daughter. On her lie had lavishes wealth, but, (had saddened her life by .preventing her marriage to a manlv yoiing chap who was a fitting match for lier in appearance, attainments and dis position. He was fast making a record in the world of business, but it was k jiiich old bachelor who had passed tli'e •years of romance and enjoyment that Denzil had elected to have as a son-inlaw. 'Even" under .the threat of disinheritance the girl would not yield to this mercenary arrangement, the result being a strained state of neutrality w-iAch left both aspirants for her haiid without any apparent hope of getting-"it. " My caller went direct to business. t'l'm a Constant and heavv loser because of the theft of money and jewels from my Own house,* ;he told roe. 'Things that are of the most value constantly ai^y .mysteriously disappear. Now don't start off with the usual questions about .' Ihe servants. I have talien pains to test their honesty for .years and tihey are above suspicion. I am completely in the .dark, "without any theories to embarrass you or any explanations to help. Tou have the whole job without a ray of H fht thrown'upon it, and if you find the «ilef there will be no haggling over the fee. It'will be worth much to me to get . worry off, my : mind. Burglars that make'iio m»is^,o(i;..marks,and leave one's house .siiui' }jp ag tight.as a drum-itend, to shatter a a^anjs nei-ves,"- "1 "went at once into, the country, and '^eierhbprhoocl where Denzil -lived/ prefendii^ to< look foe a. bit of land- where T c6uia ;ibuild within ea^sy reach of th»: city. 'I- put up at a little roadside' tavera "much frequented: in the evening by farm hands. I was soon interested in their" grossip about ghost whieh they declajrje(? .had been seen at different times and pjK different people.- Their awed lories ^.ria iscared> faces fitted the subject; and -there seemed to b'e - some substantial foundation -for'the uncanny story. -One Jhusky .young fellow who did not look" as though he would be easily frightened told :of his encounter: - "'" " " T ^a^ a g-ittui" home'kinder late of a Simddy- night; aii* jist as I kim to .th' woods ayond ole Benzil's, I mighty near had k'feerlission with th' ghos'. It warn't whke cow er gray hoss er sheep er no thin" 'else as war flesh an' blood. It whizzed by me jisjt like it war flyin' low an' orful swif' on a broonistick. A feller's got ter believe his own eyes, hain't he? I war never soberer in my life an' never s6 skeered. I bet my footprints war twenty feet"-apart th* res' of the way home, fur I had a idee that thar pesky thing .war a 'sailih' 'long jist ahind my coat tails.' "I heard like experiences from several others, and in some way connected the 'ghost' iwith the Denzil robberies. For two nights I stood a dreaar watch in the woods referred to without making any discovery. The third night I received a shock. It, was intensely dark in the shadows of the trees, and as I sat at the root of a big oak some white object «Sided swiftly and noiselessly just above the" centre of the toad. It made the cold chill rim over me, though I have no patience, with those who tell of visits or communications with the departed. "I was determined to enlighten myself and secured ;a good saddle horse as companion of my vigils. The second night the 'ghost' flew by and I galloped in its wdke at all the speed my horse could command. A mile ahead the 'apparition' swerved to the right of the road ana ended our mad race. Tying my horse in a fence corner I crept nearer. Slowly ! I made out that the "ghost was a woman of stately proportions wearing nothing but daintly rufRed nignt robe. She leaned for a brief time over the hollow Stump that had been her evident "destination and then turning mounted her flying machine, which was a modern bicycle, and went scorching back over tlvc- course she had come. Again I followed and did hot stop until ! saw. her disappear in the'side door of the Denzil house.' Hastening back to.the hollow stump I explored the interior." "And found the stolen property, of course," interrupted a listener. "Not a sign of iL. I could discover nothing that did not naturally belong .there. Failing to find the thief in the 'ghost,' I became a member of the Denzil household, ostensibly as his private secretary. My first discovery was that the 'ghost' was the beautiful Miss DentW." : She was a somnambulist, and in utter igilQrance of the weird night rides she had; taken. But when told of them the explanation was an easy one.- When she and her young lover were children, that hollow stump had been the postoffice where their ardent missives were mailed and called for. The memory of those days was a delightful one to her and the strange mentor of her unconscious acUOn prompted her visits to the old' spot. .•••.., • —"My next important discovery explained the mystery I was employed to solve. Watching secretly m the hallways. I 1 saw old Denzil, with eyes wide open and set. come' out of His chamber, climb the stairs to the attic, unlock an old desk stored there, open a secret drawer and deposit money as well as jewels. His action showed me that his daughter's habit of moving about.at night was an inherited one. The next morning lie gave me a terrific blowing up as a careless. incompetent and worthless detective, who'could not catch a thief when ii| the house with him. I was more Interested in that charming daughter of his. than in my case, and a scheme flashed into my riund as if inspired. : " *Mr"pehzil,' I said, 'can you stand the siiocji of knowing that your daughter is seriously threatened with the loss of her mind because of brooding over separation. from the man whom you say she shall never marry," and that because of her.mental infirmity she is innocently • robbing you under a delusion that in no other way can she provide for the future happiness of herself,and that young ,'ehap she honestly thinks, poor girl, she ?is going to marry?' 'It's a. lie,' he roared, " a miserable plot. You're discharged.' did not take Miss Denzil into my. plans. I secretly transferred all the Stolen wealth to the old stump, had a ^trusted Officer on guard and then told 3the old gentleman that I could prove all I liad said and insisted on the right to vindicate myself. He and I watched at the primitive post-office till his daughter fciune. and repeated the conduct I havt described. Then we brought out the concealed treasures. Denzil was beside himself for fear he might act" too late. He sent post haste for the young lover, made a handsome settlement, insisted oh an immediate wedding and had me as one of the guests. Did ever mat do a slicker job than I did? chmaker "—"Free Press." 