EcSioes PROM THE BOWRAIi CHRISTIAN CONVEN TION OF 189G. Gatiiehkd b? J.C. TUB great nneil of to-da.v is visible Christianity everywhere and in everything. . Love : the conquering fruit. We have to contend with the world, the floah, and the devil. Failure iB not detent. Commit yourself to all circumstances. The truth of " be yo tilled wilh the spirit " is the quefltion Tor Christians of to-day.. Have you received THE blessing ? God is willing to give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but there must bo definite surrender. Jesus Christ in you-nut at a distance, or near you-then the power comes. Do you wunt the baptism to do as others do or take part in Conventions, then you'll be disap pointed ; but if yon want to glorify Christ and Him only, you will receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost and power. Get to sees yourself as Christ seo you. God looks at what we have not-not at what we have. It's the shame and ugliness of our nakedness that Ho wants to cover. Many people wait with breathlospnc-s to hear a message a man ha«, ami say " when I learn that I shall be right," but-like Peter they toil, all night and take nothing, . The devil is cunning and has many shunting places along the line, an i w.heti. he guts you into one it.means a lot of toiliiig.aivl getting, nothing. Leave it to God to do what he has prom is, d to do -and do your part. It's your obligation to do as His word tells. If you will set 15 mi'tutus of every 21 hrmrs to study and pray over Gild's word it will help you spiritually. You can do it for other things. A man who is loveleRs is no CluUli tn. The Holy Spirit will hide Himself from view so that He may reveal Christ to yua in all His full ness. God wishes wo should all be a holy people.. Every true child longs to be holy in life and body. Holiness and usefulness-two distinct things. Holiness is obtained by wholly trusting Jesus. We must have knowledge of and r.-.st in a per sonal Saviour. The resting place of Christ in the world is in the Christian's heart. Divine Chart of Holiness : Ezckiol 36. The effeot of tho Holy Spirit on our life will be 1st, quicken our spiritunl life'; 2nd, make our life more effective ; 3rd, make our life more attractive. Power-where is it ? There is plenty of work, talk; but power-where is that? 