t'S ffipEH. AN OLD MAN'S STOBY OP AN OLD' HOUSE. \- ' - . i APTER IV. B* JOSKPS HATZOH. I could not tell my wife this story of my dream. Some of it I had forgotten when ! awoke. The general tenonr, of the affair remained with me. I 'bad forgotten the description of the boose. Bite of details come to rae^at odd limes. It was one of tbose tantaliBinK dreams that yon want to rem-mher. You get some of it tight and then there is a hiatus. ' I knew" that tbe vision gave me a very circumstantial acconnt of the story of- Moorland's partner, bnt for the' life of me .1, oonld not remember tbe moat important j>arts *f it. I tried to dream it over again, bat _ couldn't. The. only incidents of it that came back to me came daring "my waking bonrs. I remembered parts of f it - §t^ddenly while I was at work in the ciiy. What I could not get hold of wa^jthe description and locality' of the house where' the money was hiddeni , in ^he'course njftriew weeks the whole thing began to fade' ont."" I had otber" affairs to tbink of, wore^importSnt tban dreams." -'Bnt Both and I would often talk of her grandfather, and'what, a blessing it was that he had died before the discovery of the fraudulent conduct of hia trustee was known. It turned out that his false steward was known as a veay pious and circumspect man, a wholesale trader in ironmongery, - and understood to be as wealthy as he waB generous. His name figured in all the local lists of public charities; but that paltry thousand pounds was the,last straw on ~ his camel's load of guilt. ^ One day, when my dream was mora than ever a thing of threads and patches I was walking with Both about the Heath, and she paused before a ho2" \- w - * ' npon the front of which there was a board, announcing that it was to be / let, or the freehold to be sold. It was a Suog-looking place, surrounded by an old brick wall, grey with age, and covered with lichens. The steep red roofs ~ of the gabled buildings' weft'in artistic contrast with the budding trees and the first blossom* of spring. If was early April* (tad a great pear tree "wag white as snow ; and at the botton of the ga-den several popHr trees that had been •lopped here And there, to save them from the win-Is, were showing their Bpring shoots, and bending a little to the brfese that was.scattering the pear blossoms even outside the garden walls. M"sssstir * 1 " < and see the house. Not tUt'thweww . , .. . , . ., , , ^ Z ^ F f r 1 0 U within, and Butb said the care-taker | might let uaflit iirthegarden. Sheknew I it was in the hands oF* care-taker be- I cause-it looked -empty,- and there was only <a little smoke going up out of one! chiinney, the kitchen chimney, no doubt. The outer steps of the gate had been cleaned,., and ..a flock of starlings were! perched on the 3 roof : aB we stbod and looked upat tbe sign. We knocked atthe door. A slattemlj woman answered] the summons. Wo-'tried to.ring bell, but it was broken. She conld not as in without an order, she sail. ' Bat we pointed to tbe board,- and after some demar she admitted ns. I afterwards thought -the woman had a reasbn for denying us. Her- husband was digging beneath the -poplara. He waB a. constable, this man who was gardening. He went out o' nights, and lived here with -his wife, in the daytime. They were harmlesp, decent people. The woman, showed ns the house. : A strange feeling came over me. My wife was delighted with the old place. " It had quaint fireplaces, with curious wainscctted rooms, that looked like pictures one had seen^of historic bouses. It was rather dilapidatei. The woman said folk did about that it was haanted. I felt tbat it might be; .Left behind in one of the rooms I found myBelf looking aboat, as if I expected to see- the ghostr Once I felt -as if aomeone brushed by me. but It was no donbt a draught of cold wind from one of tbe'windows, where a pane of glass was " All this time I never once thought of the dream. But when we saontered round the garden, I felt as if I hadTieen there before^ I said so to Bntb. She smiled,Hind said it was a coHnmon thing for people to feel in odd moments as if they^had lived in some other world or : at some other time or in some other place. It was a warm day for April. The sun was^BhiningtgloriousJy. A ley pansies w^re,peeping tbrongh some /alien leaves upon one of the beds, and a clump of daffodills Could be seen away in the back of .the garden. I bad . dropped, a six- ^ice into the band oftlie woman caretaker, and she asked ni if we would like to -TSit ' Awhile' Hn-the garden, and she offered ns a glass of milk. We said we, would like to sit awhile, abd we r did, and aB we sat near tbe southern Wall by the ; wplars, my dream began to shapa itself in ; my mind - with. singular vividness. IJttth T asked f^ie womafr'if shS ^might father a daffodil, andthe woman walked with her -into 1 the back garden^ My visionary visitor came into my mind with extraordinary clearness, ;, and I remembered all his story like a-flash; not jn detail,"but all at once, the entire effect of il. wiA" (he-description of the garden, the sputbern wall, the pear tree, the poplars,' and all the possibilities that, belonged to iny strange vision. . is feelfbuse^"I saM to. myself-*; -thiS48 £he*i»feher!s.gaTden. These are the -poplars, and -there is the buried treasure of Moorland Lest wick's i,.u<partner, * « J&fon;^r 51ationi^k lOfflr one was standing near me. _ That wbs my fancy. no doubt; for C had . begun to feel very superstitions, and as tbe breeze once. mor$ shook the blossoms of the pear tree, it seemed as if a voice said** For her 88ke\ ; , A^ tbat^absQrWng^moment Bath came ip to-«96f with a bunch of daffodils, and said,' This-jB God's -Jiving gold— how^huch more lor^yliiBn'anything man can njiake.'^, f ,, f( K For a mbinenf her words -chilled me , but it Is the way .of the poor to try and V Ruthisked tbe whatbhad occnired." OUB r t ABlnSrc^'b^^y. ' So j elated,' ahe said, ' so happy, so expectant, li if tbe daffdils jnre, after all, more than Sowers, as if I had- come into a fortune.' She went on qoiite wildly, but I stopped her, became I saw the old cara4»ker look at me in an odd way, and her. basband came-back to his digging beneath (he poplars. When Buth eaid l looked as if I had come into a: fortune, the woman glanced at ber husband ; and I bave always thought it odd that he should then return to (hefrorkin which we had distarbed him. I could not help aBking him what be .was digging .for. He eaidinthe very words: I bad nsed. to Bath, ' Nothing in particular.' This jnade me suspicious at •once. -' r was -determined to know- why he was digging in that particular spot. I .bad no doubt whatever that -right nnder his ^spade was the- first' box of guineas that Macgiltan hai buried in'tbe garden of my dream. The man said he supposed there was no harm in digging in a gardot that hadn't "been cultivated Eo' years and years. Indeed, he thought it was a charity to dig in it. I felt as if thprs was an underlying meaning in his words. How should it ,be a charity, T thought, in his case. Had the ghost of Macgillan appeared to this man as well as to. me ? No doubt. I said, it would be a good thing fo»dig tJie gaBden in the ordinary way, bnt I observed that he was making a hole, excavating in fact. Yes, be said that was so. Then I began to feel awfully anxious. Why ? I asked. The man, in reply, inquired if I was the owner of the house. To the surprise of my wife I said, well, not at that moment, but I might be tbe n?xt day ; that it was" my intention to buy it. • My dear,' said my wife in a surprised way, and aDont Jo\ say I know not what. I stopped her authoritively and spoke aB I had never tpoken before.: She looktd frightened. I patted her on the shoulder and said; 4 It's all right Buth, you don't understands -1 did not tell you when we c^me in tbat I wanted ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ surprise. l be man and woman looked at^each other, and Buth was-.pale with the fear tbat I bad gone mad. I was instantly myself again, when the msn said, * Well, sir,.if it's like that, mayhap I'd better tell you that I was only jusi adiggin' a grave for my old Obloe, a cat as we've-had for ten year, and rest her dear carcase, she's dead, and I was making a.last resting p'ace for her.' Fearing that this was only a subterfuge I asked bim to show me the cat. I assumed quite an air of ownership of the house and grounds. The man took: me into the.kitchen and introduced me to a solemn little corner, in which there was a cat in a coffin, ready to be . nailed down and pnt in tbe ground. 4 .Very ^ i ^ r t ^ - 1 I if? L£ 8aM '""f 1 - 1 ' 1 " nd T 1 ga Ve tbe man almost the only shilling I had I rj^irztr^rJjt in the world, as I did not takp' mv alaryuntil ry until the tbe next next day. day. Bntlh Ja He complied f° buried his dead friend in ^ the V?P back l ? ts > garden, near the daffodille. He gare E in and tbe address of tbe solicitor to whom application had to be made for renting the house. Buth was both troubled and perplexed at my strange conduct; bnt as we walked homewards I told her such P«ta of my dream as I thought 1 wodid the&S;^^f ^a' her I '.f w - , 8 gettl0g ? ' h ? r and ber interests into the narrative in anch a way-: as to make ber feel bow large a part she had in the revelation ; and I- hinted that perhaps Providence was going lo mab op to her for tbe loss cf the money her dear, dead grandfather had intended she would possess. Butb was of an imaginati ve turn of mind, and she fell into the fancy of the affair right away. The fact that tbe dream had come back to me-clear and vivid for the first time, while I was sitting in the garden, made Buth even more sanguine than I was—if tbat were possible-^as to the trutbfolness of the disclosures I had received in the dream. We sat up ever so late that night talking the affair over we decided upon you will understand what we did. {To be Continued.) by 