BAY RONALD, Or, When George the Third was King. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MAY CROMMELIN, AuThor of "dead men's dollars," goblin gold," « a jewel of-A' GIRL;" AND JOINT ATJTHOR OF "VIOLET VYVIAN, M.F.H.," &o.; OHA'PTER XVI lOohtiuued.Y Thee Anno unburdened lior mind, needing Dick's aid as she often did. The two little boys were behindhand, with -.their Latin that day, and she' had ho time to help them, being obliged to superintend the making of blackberry jam in the kitchen. " Would it trouble you very much, Dick 5" ' . 7 " Trouble T No. . , I'll have a ;go with the lazy little beggars," and Dick thereupon strode into the schoolroom to acb.pedagogue to -the two youngest of the Butler small fry. " What a dear, good fellow ho is," thought Anne,- as she pinned- on her cooking apron, and a soft smile made pretty dimples in her cheeks! had any one been there to see. " So friendly, so kind. There is no one one can depend upon liko him," Though Dick kept- his word, and both . from ; the Rectory and Forge Farm medicine and relief were -sent to Ebenezer Bird, the sick .mail showed no signs of improvement. 1 Ague, was very prevalent thereabouts, and was much dreaded bv the country neonle. Still, it was strange that Ebenezer could not shake it ofF, especially as - old Amos '..had.aspyergigh.voli'arin ? against its .effect?,-'- /Tliis .'char'm ! was ; somewhat similar to.- that-given; to Hick for his burn. It rail as follows ' "Agiio, ague, I tlioo-defy ! Throe days shiver, , " ' .Thro'o days shake, Mako me well, for-Josus' sako" Dick privately askod them to let . him .send.. a .doctor j . but at this ..the sick man roused with signs of evident distrust, aluiost - terror. ' ";He did not; -want the doctor," he muttered. " He had got his death. Lot him be.',' And so the day afterwards he died. CHARTER XVII. N One' day later .in the year, when there was 'a slight' covering' of snow! upon the ground, ''Richard ;Saxby was. , e out shooting in his father's preserves, attended by a keeper. "Look, sir! look!" cried the man, eagerly, seeing a'haro at some distance ; crossing tlieir path. 7 R-ichio raised his . gun and fired. It was so easy, a shot, oven for a poor marksman like young fciaxby, that the keeper swore under his breath as .the harec souddod away, apparently un hurt. ; "Dang it I I, believe it is a witch,", he exclaimed. aloud to relieve- himself. " It is a black hunt, und three of four, times I havo tried to shoot it, but, always in vain. It was no manner of use; still, I thought this time you must Ta' touched it, amd- — i-.,. -What's that ?" - \- They had walked forward so speak ing; and a drop of blood was visible . on the snow, close to the hare's1 tracks. . - . ' " I- have hit it. That is famous. I have; hit it.' Let Us foliow it up," cried Richie, glad to escape the impu tation on his sportsmanlike qualities.- They could see the hare still, scudding across the open snoW-covered meadows that lay betwnam them and the belt of woods skirting the high road. Both men began io run after it; the keeper with. real en thusiasm, Richie inclined to treat the matter ns a joke or a boro ye t think ing it might be well to tei.l his father that night of how he had hit a hare which none of the keepers could even get a shot at. The trucks wept straight through the wooo', out by the farm gato, . and across the lane, up to old Amos' Bird's cottage a oof. ' As both men stopped short, panting .they looked at each other in' surprise. :Two large gouts of blood were on the-. very threshold. ' Go in, sir, go in," whispered!, the keeper, ' With " sudden strange e; ccite- ment. ' "Don't taken 'no.' The bare' is your property ; you have a right, to it.", ; Tlio I idea of contradiction always! aroused Richie's rather weak nature. He at once knocked - sharply, then; lifting the latch, went in. . : The cottage kitchen was- empty, ex cept for Patty, who hurried from , the inner bedroom with a; look of dismay, almost fear, in her pretty face. "Did you see a hare?' We Know. a hare has come to this cottage ; don't ..try to conceal it,", bejgah .both, Richie and -the keeper in a breath. . " A liare, sir, what hare ?" Pattiv was taking refuge like her weak kind in evasions. - "We'll soon see. , What's in the bedroom here ?" and the keeper,; to Richie's astonishment marched straight into the inner, room, pushing Patty aside, who tried to bar. his path like a fluttering lapwing. Young Saxby followed. in amused curiosity, as a low exclamation came from the keeper's lips. Old Amos Bird was lying in bed, his ' left arm tied up with several bandages- that were , specked with blood; . .On his visitors' entrance the old man, who seemed dosing, opened his eyes with- a resentful srlare. - "Is that you, sir?" he feebly askedj ( disdaining speech with the keeper/- i-yebi looking at hiin , askance while speaking to Richie in the back- ground; An Englishman's 'cottage is his castle, and Amos felt this entrance into the 'privacy of his bedroom was more' than unwarrantable. .-"I sent word to the bailiff this morning that I was ill; I did. I'll be up/and about to-morrow., with . the . Oxen. They'll take no harm; Patty will go and fodder them. She , kniow's them' and they, kriowishe." , "We only came after a hare, "began Richie, looking round., ' - . But his ally, the keeper, had vanished into the kitchen, and thence walked straight out of the. cottage. In surprise 'at this rapid/, retreat Richie, without troubling' his head about old Amos further, ''stepped to the- cottage door and looked out,- sup posing the man had bethought himself of tracking the hare further. Then he heard a pleading in his ear. " Oh, Mr. Saxby, for pity's . sake ! Oh, please, sir, leave! the poor hare alone." Ho turned and saw Patty Iopking lip in his face with tears standing in her eyes . and a flush born of. fright at her own audacity staining her' cheeks the colour of ripe haws. ' ."Leave, it alone ? And why? Gome, 'you are a' pretty girl, don't cry ; don't cry. There,, now ! Tell me all about it," and Richie, dropping his gun, chucked her familiarly under the chin, thinking within himself she was monstrously pretty." "It is my pet hare," whimpered poor Patty, half permitting, while re ceding from the overtures of Richie's encircling arm. "Indeed, it wus no poaching. Its mother was 'shot, and 1" found it! in the woods one day when I' wont to bring in grandfather's dinner. So I carried it htmie and fed it from a little bottle at first, and when' it grew up it took to' the woods again ; but it al ways runs hero /for ; shelter if it . is frightonod. I have ' hidden it in the 'empty pig-stye, Will ybu come and see it?" The pig-stye sounded unsavoury, however, and Richie was 'more 'intent upon prosecuting his present little di version. - : "IIow did your grandfatherget hurt, eh?1' he aBked, .pincliing Patty's ear. "It was' the young -ox, sir— -Joey, I think — I am nob. sure.' His horn jusit oaught and ripped grandfather's arm." '' ; ' Patty was lying. ! Richie thought as much, but did not particularly care. -He tried to snatch a kiss, but Patty resisted him. So for she had been frightened, but now her independent gipsy blood was asserting itself. "If you don't, I'll take the hare," threatened Richie. This sett'ed it. " Yc u'Jl promise to leave it? Not to let the keepers shoot it ?" " I'll .promise to leave it now. If -it goes into Rookhurst . it must take its chance. \ . Having got his kiss, and struggled for two more,. Richie : marched with a conquering air. into fhe 'lrtno. Behjnd the shelter of a thorn tree he found the keeper awaiting hiui. " Well," sir," asked the mati; myste riously; with' a curious look, " did you /notice that ? The hare's tracks bloody to tlio very door, ahd old Amos in bed with a gunshot wound, I'll take my living oath." '.'"Well, what of that, man ? The hare was a pet one, a&d;'.tne girl keeps it in a'pig-stye," . laughed Ricliie, con temptuously. "Do you want me to believe the old women's tales about Witches? Do you think Amos can change himself into a black' hare? Eh?" ; The- keeper, gave an indistinct growl, retired like. a snail , into its shell, and said no more aloud. Dropping behind his.- young mustor, ' ho nevertheless thought a deal. " Queer doings ; queer doings," he reiterated. . It was not his business to say that only last night the mysterious black hearse, with its four headless horses, was reported to have- crept along the iaue between Rookhurst and the Forgo Farm. So it had --done at intervals ever since Mrs. Saxby had been dis possessed from Rook hurst ; so it would do, the . country folic declared, until the right Saxbys were reinstated, in tbeir oid home. How the idea started is instructive, Old Amos' had begun it by dark hints that it might be so. Black. Jim, Rat- cli.ffe's stud, groom,, used to bang his fist on the "table in . the alehouse and say it " was so." ' But naturally ail the country people kept the matter dark, and were especially careful not to speak of it before the gentry. These latter had a way of pour ing scorn upon any tales of ghosts witches, and suchlike, tliat made those beneath their level feel dospised. So they held their - tongues, feeling there were more things under Heaven than their so-called superiors had any inkling of. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 