The Churches Salvation Army—On Sunday last there were large attendances at meetings held in the Salvation Army Barracks, Brompton, when Captain Dearlen, who has been appointed to Moonta was farewelled. The speakers referred to the captain's zeal in the faithful discharge of his duties. * * * Wesleyan Sunday School. Moonta Mines. —The anniversay of the Wesleyan Sunday School. Moonta Mines, was held on Sunday, April 12, when three ?ervice-< were held ; the liev A. D. Bennett preached in the morning, and the Rev A. P. Burgess afternoon and eveninsr. The servicea were largely attended, the singing ot the children was spirited, and the collections a little in advance of last year The tea meeting was held in the Lecture Hall on the following Monday and was well patronised. The public meeting, which was opened by the Rev A. Stubbd, Was held in church under the chairmanship of Mr H. Adams, the Superintendent of the School. The report was read by Mr Dunstan, junr. Excellent addresses were given bv Revs R Kelly. A. P Burgess, and Mr F. Letcher. The children repeated the hymns of the Sunday ; Mr J.' Chappell conducting aud Misi Rickard presiding at the organ. Altogether the anniversary was a great success. * The Rev Chas. Reed—The Rev Charles Reed, the newlv appointed Wesley m Minister to Moonta Mines, arrived on Wednesday afternoon just in titne to meet Mrs Reed and family who ciroe by train. He was met by the Rev A. Stubbs and vlr H. Adams, the Circuit Steward. Mr Reid is a tall young man of prepossessing appearance, and seems in every way adapted for the work which has to be done in the Moonta Circuit. It may be interesting to the readers of the Yor Ice's Peninsula Advertiser to know that Mr Keed, whose father and brother are minister*, was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne, and that he was one of the first batch of divinity students at Queen's College. He has travelled in several circuits in Victoria and New South Wales and wa* for a time at Levuka (Fij )» but had to leave foreign mission work owing ; to the failure of Mrs Ree t's health. Mr Reed will begin his work in the Moonta Circuit by preachins the church anniversary sermons at ' Toss ltoads Wesleyan Church next Sunday. " The Face of an Angel."—On Sunday evening, April 12, the Rev J. B. Stephenson preached in the Wesleyan Church, Moonta, on " The Face of an Angel." The text chosen was Acts vi, 15. Tli« face was the index of the soul. So true was this that if you could look upon the face of a m*.n when lie is angry, or that of a mother when nursing her child, there was no necessity to be told what kind ef emotion Btirrcd in their breast. Having rehearsed che circumstances under which Strphen stood before them, Mr Stephenson gave Ills ideas ai to what constituted the fne ot an angel. N obibity ; as opposed to meanness, must he there ; there would be sympathy and purity ; and benevolence would beam from every feature. The preacher then pointed out that the secret of influence was character, and it was because Stephen was full of the Holy Ghost that his face was so mdiant. It was alio pointed out that Stephen was unconscious of the glory which invested his countenance. The preacher urged his hearers to seek the attainment ii> Christian character, which would enable them to unfold the beauty of goodness to the world. At the close of the service the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered. 