IEW PUBLICATIONS. The Pall Mall Magazine for Juno, to liand by :last mail, is - rich in illustrations and entertaining reading matter. Emile Wauters, the successful Belgian artist, forins the subject of a chatty eontribution by Joseph Anderson, with numerous illus trations from the painter's work. " Some Prairie Ineidonts," from tlio pen' of Aleok B. Waller, is a series of Bhort sketohes of different -phases of life and varying ex perience in the great Wild West. Louisa Parr discourses ; happily on "The .Foot prints of Fnshion," and her contribution is maclo tho more interesting by a number of reproductions from old prints' in tho col lection of Dr. Parr. . Mabel Howard con tributes a most creepy 'but fascinating ghost story entitled " The Stone Chamber of Tavorndale House." A paper by the late Dr. Charles Pearson on Adam Lindsay Gordon, the Australian poet, is given. " The ' Story of a Turk " is the 'title of d short story' contributed by H. A. Brydon. A. A. C. S win ton has an article on " Tho New Photography of tho Invisible." Walter Bezant's story, '.'The City of Refuge," is continued at consider able length. " Racing With Fire," an in cident of tho American prairie, is a thrill ing adventure capably told by W. L. Aldon. There' are several illustrated pooms-and -other contributions. Tho Windsor Magazine for May contains a complete story -by S. R; Crockett, entitled "The Count and Littlo' Gertrude," a stoi-y ' oftho SevonWeoks War. Archibald Crom well has an interesting character sketch of S; R. Crockett, with portraits of tho novelist and his daughter and their home, Pennio- niok. In the " Kilmainham Moinories" Tyno Hopkins writes interestingly of tho Pharaix Park murdors, -with portraits of Earl Spencer, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Super intendent Mallon, of the Dublin police, tho persons oonvioted of tlio crime, tho scone of the assassination, and othor places of interest nssooiatod with what is callod " tho greatest political cime of the century." Appropriately enough, when tlio coronation' of Nicholas If. has been occupying the attention of tho world, Charles S. Polham-Clinton contri butes a most interesting article on " Tho City of tho Tsars," with portraits of tho Czar and Czarina, and reproductions of some of tlio not.iblo spots in tho city that wa3 recently the scene of bo much grandour and magnificence. Guy Boothby's " Doctor Nikola," which is running as a serial, is continued. Lewis Hind gives peeps into tho studios of several great artists in an in teresting article headed "How Famous Painters Work." Guy Boothby has a short story, and there are sevoral matters of fact, the "Editor's Scrap Book" and other items, which make tho number vory inter esting. 