'THE MORASS MEN.' ? [Copyright.: ? A WEIRD NARRATIVE ? ' *| OF ' THE EARLY MINING DAYS IN QUEENSLAND ' IN TEN PARTS. ? By Q. L, D. PARTY. 1 1 think you are about right, Ted. We should have made a closer search in Gympie itself rather than in the bush. You know it was not possible to find anyone who had seen them leave the place that day. Enquiries j were made in all directions leading iroin ijympie, out they were resuitless. When we return that must be our first object.' ' It surely cannot be difficult to find out who pre the most likely people to shelter such scoundrels. A man like Burke could be noticed by anyone who had ever seen him. Charlton could disguise himself, certainly, but even then he would run enormous risks il he tried to pet away. A. disguise is seldom perfect, and when a man is flying from Justice with his life in his ha'.ids, he is the more likely to betray himself. He regards everyone with suspicion and that naturally attracts attention. My firm belief after what we discovered this morning fs that the two outlaws are still in Gympie and laughing at the abortive efforts of the authorities to find them. We have kept up our hopes so long that they will very soon be fulfilled,' said the doctor. ' You have been hopeful at any rate and I don't forget what you said last night when entering ' Bona Vista.1 Surely you must have had a premoni tion something was going to be re vealed, Ted,' his friend answered gravely. ' I always have the feeling these men will be brought to justice some time or other. Their crimes are too great to escape punishment even in this world. It does seem stranee our minds should have been engrossed with the same thoughts both on entering and leaving that place,' was the reply. ' If there is such a thing as spirit life I shouid say the spirit of your dead friends body must have been hovering round us. You have been loyal to his memory in trying to bring his murderer to justice, and what more natural that he should, in the mysterious method of the unseen world, be ready to assist. The mere fact of Jackson taking us to see the curios is remarkable for we were the only guests whom he showed the room to. Something must have impelled him but what we cannot say,' Quinlan responded. ' I am to a certain extent a believer in the theory that we are sometimes prompted to certain actions by spirits either good or bad. There is no de fining how it is done but I have seen cases where people acted entirely out side their own violation. Our visit to ' Bona Vista' may be a favorable augury of our success. And this is Christmas Day Michael, The natal i Day of Him whose advent was hailed as the era of peace on earth, goodwill to men. Let us for this day drop our sanguinary thoughts of vengeance on the assissins and try to be a little mer ciful and forgiving,' responded Paton, suddenly changing the subject. ' When you become sentimental it is about time to be silent There wiil be ample time when to-day has fled to take up the theme. I may as well wish you a Merry Christmas then, for here we are at the ' Mistletoe' and we cannot pass that by without a visit.' and for once fhe grim swarthy face of the , detective lit up with a beam of cheer fulness, as pulling the boat in shore he leapt out. After the last guest had left ' Bona Vista,' Augustus Frederick Jackson . repaired to his room and reclined in an easy chair puffing the while at a choice cigar. He was in deep thought but his reflections did not appear to be very sad ones Now and again the ghost of a smile flitted shadowy across his unscrutable face, but it was quickly followed by a serious pause. He looked occasionally at the ceiling and then furtiveiy glanced at the door in a half startled way as though he expected a sceptre to stalk in. Perhaps he was thinking in his more cheerful moments of the conquest he had made in securing the hand of the beautiful but mercenary Miss Lydia Spekeman, for early on the previous evening he had proposed and been accepted by that lady who had a per fect right to monopolise his attention. Then why should a cloud disturb his meditations? That there were occasi onal lapses into a very serious mood was plain to any ordinary obser ver of the peculiar visage. 1 I think I dished them,' he atlength muttered. It was the best stroke it was possible to make and Joe will feel proud of it when he knows. I'll go this morning and see him. Being a clergyman, ha 1 ha I It would not do for him to be present at unseemly revels on a Christmas Eve. These fellows are still on the trail and the only way to throw them off is the way Joe suggests. He is right enough too. ' Dead men tell no tales' was always his motto and there is much truth and force in it. They will be absolutely in our power, and we'll let them know it before we have done with them. It was really a happy thought of mine, an inspiration, nothing less, I must have a couple of hours sleep,' and he looked across at the luxurious bed, ' No I couldn't sleep now, I must keep mov ing.' As he conrluded his mutterings the ownor of ' Bona Vista' got on his feet and left the room and- soon after the house. His brain seemed to be fevered and restless for he walked rapidly about the fine grounds for more than an hour, and, considering the night he had passed through, most people would have felt inclined for sleep. At nine o'clock he sat down to bieakfast and by that time the cloud which rested on him appeared to be lifted for he ate with an uncommonly ^ood appetite and quite recovered his jovial sauve manner. An hour later he was being pulled up the river to the Northern end of the city and landing at a point with which he seemed to be familiar, he made his way towards Ox Icy street on foot, which he was not lung in reaching. Nearly midway on the west side stood a pretentious looking villa surrounded I with an excellently kept garden. On | the door was a neat brass-plate, bearing the inscription, ' Rev. Joseph Heather shaw.' Entering the place with as much as surance as if it belonged to him, the visitor pulled the bell-rod and with a smile on his now kindly looking face, waited for the reply, Evidently Au-. gustus Frederick Jackson was going to spend his Christmas Day in a devout and proper manner, judging by the company he sought. The door was opened hy a prim looking woman of middle age and a glance at her visitor was sufficient for with a curtsey she ifivited Jackson to enter and ushered him into a peculiarly cosy and tastefully furnished sitting room. As became the climate, Indian furnishings predominated, and throw ing himself on a cane settee the visitor waited. Presently a stoutish man of quite venerable aspect appeared. His snow white hair and long grey beard gave him quite a patriarchal look and it would have given the stranger quite a shock to have heard Mr Augustus Fre [ derick Jackson, the much-respected millionaire, say with a very hoarse laugh : ? Weel Reverend Joe. How are you this morning. A Merry Christmas to you.' ' Ah, Mr Jackson, why this levity ? Surely you do not presume on your vast wealth, to speak so flippantly on a day like this,' and closing the 'door the « Reverend Joe' also closed his reply by falling into a chair and laughing very heartily. Evidently there was something be tween the two which provoked risa bi'ity or perhaps it might only be the ebullition of their happy hearts. ' Well, what brings you here to-day, Jackson. Should have thought you would have been1 tired out with the dissipation of the^iight. Did you have a jolly time of it? You have the advan tage of me there, though I don't grumble. My life is not at all an irk some one, Respectability always did suit nre you know. Don't laugh now.' remarked the person whom Jackson termed ' reverend.' v ' Not going to laugh, Joe. The fact is there is business on hand, and im portant work it is. I can assure-you. No time to be lost either:' 1 There is no danger, I hop., ' the venerable-looking man said in a tone of anxiety, while the floral complexion which harmonised with the white hair — showing a life well led — blanched a little. ' There might have been only I was one tbo many for them. These two fellows are on our tracks right enough, and we must act at once,' responded Jackson. ' You don't mean. to say they nave any suspicion of who we really .are ?' asked the clerical gentleman, rising abruptly Irom his seat ' Well it is not as bad as that. The suspicion was just growing when I nipped it in the bud,' came the an swer. ' How ? In what way. Explain yourself. Don't beat around the bush in that way,' ejaculated Heathershaw excitedly. ? Have a little patience and you will hear all. If there was any danger don't you think I would have become serious. Sit down I tell you. This venerable life you are leading is un nerving you. Sit down and listen patiently. Heathershaw did as his visitor asked and then Jackson began to explain more connectedly -what hati happened the night previously. ' I invited that fellow Dr Paton to my place for the first time last evening, and he has very keen sight. He had not been there an hour before he de tected this right optic of mine and :it must have caused some suspicion in his mind. At least I fancy so for he soon told Quinlan of the fact. J.'he detective on the first opportunity^ he got began to quiz me, and he saw I was not in a mood to take it kindly. It was bad manners, to say the least, but I didn't look at it in that light. The moment your guests and friends begin to doubt it is time to act. You see, Joe, rich as we-are, we cannot afford to let people doubt us, and I began to act. The only way was to make a coup and I did— and I did precisely what I . say,' returned Mr Jackson calmly. ' 'Then we are done for. That .fel low Quinlan is as cunning as a serpent. He may have professed his belief in whatever story you have told him, but, depend upon it, we will be' in the hands of the police before the day is over,' spoke 'Joe.' ' For a briet moment a look of alarm passed across Jackson's face, but it speedily vanished as he went on. '? I know as much about them as you dp, and it's not likely I would flatter my self with any delusions if I suspected anything was amiss. I tell you they are. terribly deceived and in a few days will be- absolutely in our power. They are actually going with me in my yacht 1 to search for the 'ruffians,' Charleston and Burke, ha I ha ! It is really good when one comes to think of it. I never saw two f hrewd fellows like they are, so caught |,:V the wool' — ' Burwn't you tell me ho-v it was managed' interrupted Heathershaw with impatience. ' It was this way. I wished to know if the men really had an inkling as to who I really was, and the only plan was to go a little further than I did. Paton could not help recognising the|cairngorm because his initials are on it as well as those of the fellow to whom it belonged- Within five minutes of entering the room the doctor spotted it and I never saw a man so surprised. He began to tell me the whole .rigma role and I 'fed' him. Talk about sym.-' pathy for poor Rawlings and hatred for those two ruffians — Burke and Charleston — it was something to re member, ' How and where did you get it ?' asked Paton at last, and then assuming my most innocent manner, I did a tale unfold, which completely knocked him off his perch, so to speak' — 1 You are becoming very slangy for the wealthy and respectable, Mr Jack son. If Miss Lydia could hear you now your chance might *be spoiled in terrupted Heathershaw. ' By the way — I proposed there last night, and was accepted. Congratu late me old fellow,' replied Mr Fredrick Jackson. ' I can't congratulate the money hunting Miss Spekeman, though I may you,1 came the ungracious response, which ouly caused the auditor to smile. ' Well to talk business. I told th.em 1 met a fellow at Gympie who sold me the stone, and when they asked me for a description I gave it them pal. A baboon-faced looking chap, with a damage to the right eye. Just myself to the life — the past life you know. They at once told me the fellow was no other but that fearful ruffian, John Burke, of the 'Morass Gang.' How I shuddered at the announcement to be sure. Said my life must have hung -in the balance, for the ruffian would surely have killed me had not bought the stone.1 1 Did they believe you were telling the truth ?' quoth the Reverend Heathershaw. ' Of course they did, and actually sympathised with me, but I had still the trump card^o play. I insisted on Paton accepting the cairngorm as a momento of his dead friend and made him do so. Then putting on my most serious face and speaking in the true orotund, I told them my firm intention was to form a party and make a search for the desperadoes who had so long evaded thg police. At first they pro tested at the risk I would encounter in such a quest. My life was far too val uable to be recklessly exposed, and, in deed, Brisbane could not do without me. I quickly silenced their scruples by urging patrioitism, and had actually to plead with them lor permission to form one of the party which Quinlan intends to organise. When a reluctant consent was obtained I further sug gested the exhibition should be a pri vate one, and my yacht would be at its disposal. This they both favored and we are to meet the day after to-morrow to formulate the plan. Within a week we will be on the high seas bound for Lacuna Bay— or elsewhere — and our two greatest enemies in our. power. What do you think of it, Joe ?' he con cluded. ' Almost toogood to be true. That , is, I mean, it is too easy a victory for us to obtain over such fellows as these are. Where do I come in during the trip ?' | V1 1 will look out after that. The factis, only Quinlan and Paton will be onboard. They . do not intend to bring anyone elfce, as far as I know of. I told them I had a friend who would be glad to take a trip for the benefit of his health. I'll introduce you, and quite a tone would be given the pro ceedings,1 ' ' You must not, of course, risk your delicate health in the jungle after des perate and bloodthirsty 'men. Stay on ; board the ' Falcon' in the Bay if you like or come with us to Gvmpie, . That is the yarn we will tell them, but, of course, we must work our own little game otherwise,1 explained Jackson quietly. , . ' If this comes off — and it may, I'll say you are a genius, old fellow. .What made you run such a risk as to write Paton to the turn-out ? I warned 'you about Quinlan, but you would not ? listen to me. You. have an idea, of' course, in thus exposing yourself,' spoke Heathershaw. ? ' Depend upon it I have. The same reason which caused me to fraternise; with the trooper, impelled me to make a guest, of Dr Paton. If .it had not been for the pair we would, not have had to; run the gauntlet we did. As long as I, live I will never forget that week, Tom — 1 ' Joe, if you please, just at present. Walls sometimes have ears, you know, interjected Heathershaw. ' YVell, .' Joe,' if you wish. First of all our debt against these two men caa only be paid out in blood. Secondly my disposition will not allow me to live under' the shadow of danger— on the brink of the Valley of Death, you might say in one of your sermons. In order to remove what I consider a con tinual menance— a couple of menaces., in fact — I have taken great risks, un doubtedly, but ? I gauge the chances beforehand, and so far have come out on the right side,1 replied Mr Frederick 1 Jackson. ? . ' But the worst portion ha- to come yet, and both of us may come out out on the wrong side, before it is all over,' objected Jackson. , (To Be Continued.) ' How tunny foreign lungungos can your wife speak V ' Three— Freuoh, German, and the one she talks to the baby. . 