Country Football, By Refkbek. Having followed the noble game of Rugby foot ball for a number of years as player, barracker, and referee, and having noticed what gigantic abides the game has made in Sydney during the last 10 years, the number of grounds available for football, and the conveniences for players, and encouragement given to city playere to indulge in the ' king ' of games, I would just like to bring before the Sydney footballers and the public generally the encourage ment (?) and inconveniences of country players. In Sydney all our players have to do is to jump into a tram, pay their modest threepence, and then there tbey are on the ground. Mv business on and off during the past few months has taken me into the country, and I was fortunate to be in Tam worth when the semi-final between that town and Gunnedah took place for the New England Cup. It should be mentioned that this is not intended to be a review of the match, beyond saying that Gun nedah won by 12 to love. Gunnedah is some 50 miles from Tamworth, and to play the match the Gunedah representatives had to travel this distance — some on horseback, some on bikes, and others in buggies or sulkies. Jim Curley, one of the best forwards in the district, left with a red-hot enthu siast, both mounted on bikes, on the Friday night late, intending to get into Tamworth early on Satur day morning and have a sleep in order to refresh himself for the match, and would have done so, no doubt, had it not been for a nasty spill from his bike about 15 miles from Tamworth, which pitched him , on to hiskead and knocked him senseless. His companion, Mr. C. Landeryon, tried to bring him round with tbe usual remedies, but Jim outdid him self by refusing to open his mouth (he was uncon scious) although Charlie Landeryon tried to open it by inserting one of the bicycle tools, but without avaiL Landeryon, finding himself unable to bring Curley round, pulled him off the road on to the grass, and then lit a fire, jumped on his machine, and rode for Tamworth and a doctor at full speed. His laudable efforts, however, were somewhat retarded by puncturing his tire. However, not to be outdone, this brave little football enthusiast shouldered his machine and started to tramp the remainder of the distance, about eight miles. He had gone about five in this way when he fortunately met a commercial traveller in a buggy and pair. The circumstances were at once explained, and to the credit of th» ' com.' — I forget nis name — whip was put to the horses, and off they raced to the succour of the in jured man. They found Curley just coming round, but feeling very cold, for the fire had burnt itself out. However, with the aid of the two strong pairs of arms and a little ' sarsaparilla,' he was lifted into the buggy and taken to Tamworth. After a few hours' sleep he was himself again, and in the after noon played the best game on the ground. The other members of the Gunnedah team began to roll in from about 10 o'clock to 1. A buggv and pair carrying five players lent by Mr. Landeryon was about the first to put in an appearance, and one of the horses an hour afterwards gave up the ghost. This was very unfortunate, as Mr. Landeryon only a week or so before refused 30 guineas for the horse. The players and their supporters continued to come in— Mr. Hogarth, solicitor, mounted on his ' blood ' amongst them ; and juBt on 1 o'clock, Mr. Jarmain, Mayor of Gunnedah, his two sons, and brother, and Jack Sheehan, the three- quarter who distinguished himself during the country week in Sydney. The hind axle of the Mayor's buggy was broken about half way between Gunnedah and Tamworth, but not to be late on the field the axle was bound together by rope, and the weighty con tents bundled in the front of the buggy, and so without further mishap the journey was completed. About 100 enthusiasts followed their men, and, as everybody knows, to victory. Having to be in Gunnedah on the Monday, and loving footballers as I do football, I asked for a lift to Gunnedah, and this was readily granted. So on Sunday morning we all left Tamworth about 10 o'clock, got to the half-way house about 1, where we had dinner and rested our weary selves, horses, and bikes. On the road again, and when about 15 miles from town, we were met by £he energetic secretary of the Gunnedah Football Club, Mr. J. G. Little, and nearly half the town, who had driven out all that distance to welcome home the victors. At this point fresh horses had been sent out by the enthusiastic community, also bottles of ' lemonade ' to refresh their returning heroes. Horses having been changed, the. rest of the journey was done comfortably, though somewhat diversified bv the meeting of barrackers who were driving and riding out to give us a royal reception ; and when met, we had to pull up, for each ana every barracker had a bottle of 'lemonade,' which had to be opened, and health aucTsuccess to Gunnedah foot ball drunk. 'The referee, Mr. Speight, made the journey with us, and he amused himself and others by his skilful (?) horsemanship. W. S. rode horse back for about five miles. He then desired to be lifted down— he was feeling sore ; butwhen he got into the buggy — four-in-hand, driven by the king of whips, Archie Nowlands — he was unable to sit with any comfort, so got out of the buggy and tried his hand on one of the bikes kindly lent him. He went away at a great speed, but in trying to ride up a somewhat steep hill he burst his tire and him self, and fell off, and remained there, being unable to move through stiffness and soreness caused by his ridmg. We, however, picked him up, and safely reached Gunnedah in time for tea. The foregoing is a sample of what country players have to go through in order to indulge in the game of football, and their long journeys have to be taken in all kinds of weather— hail, rain, or snow. In conclusion I will relate an incident which oc curred last year in a certain country district. It was bitterly cola, and freezing very hard, when the team set out in their buggies for a distant town to play a game, previously, however, fortifying themselves With a few flasks of whisky. These were put into a bag in one of the buggies, and at midnight, when only a quarter of the journey had been done, 'liquor up' was announced, stop made, corks drawn, but no whisky. The whisky was frozen, so bottles were broken and the whisky taken in lumps. The foregoing, I trust, will show that country football is entitled to all possible consideration at the hands of the parent union. 