HUSH MONEY. "BY JEAN MIDDLEMASS. CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) But the cards no longer interested Rachel; what wore tho people they represented in com parison with tho dark secret that lay between her and Stephen, and seemed to Rachel as if it must wreck their lives? 11 i only anew, 11 i only Knew, sue re peated, thinking while she spoke how by knowing she might be able to avert some dire calamity. But ho heeded not her persistency, but seomed as if I10 did not oven hear, so absorbed was ho —either feignodly or really — iu tho contemplation of names 011 tho cards. And in truth it would seem as if he wore not altogether enacting a part, for tliero was a ring in his voico ns bo said, "The Walllses, the Wal- ilses have been calling here," that it would have taken a fur bettor actor than was Stephen Bol- derson to have assumed. "Who are the Walllses. and why should they uot call?" asked Rachel, holding out her hand for the card, and wondering as she read it whe ther these people would throw any light on tho dark mystery which seemed to envelop tho Wil low Jlarsh. Mr. and Mrs. Wallis, Miss SIcelo Wallis, Hazel Court. The piece of pasteboard does not seem to con vey much, and Rachel Is far from guessing what an important part the family of .Wallis is destined to play in the history of her life, and that the day wilt arrive when she will wish that she had never beard the name. Now, as sho tosses the card back, she says lightly — "Pretty name. I wonder if they are as nice as they should he to have such a name. Is Hazel Court near here?" At this moniont Mrs. Cubitt came into tho room, and it was sho who answered tho ques tion. "About threo miles; that is, across tho fields. It Is longer by the road. It is only to-day that Mrs. Wallis and Miss Slceie called, about an hour before you arrived, ma'am. They seemed very pleasant-spoken ladies, and said they hoped you would not be long before you wont to seo them." "Thero, Stephen, I am already let In for .re turning one visit, and I don't think I am sorry, I seem to fancy these people, although I have never seen them. Of course, you will como with me." "I hate paying calls," he said, rather shortly, lighting his pipe as he spoke, and going out Into the so-called garden, among weeds and tangles, to smoke It, thus leavlug Rachel to make fur ther acquaintance with Mrs. Cubitt, who was clearing the dinner things from the table, and at tho samo tlmo taking stock of the new mistress, against whom her Indignation and prejudiced dlsllko were slowly giving way since she found her affable and ready to accept the information which she was always ready to give. While ho smoked, Stephen Boldorson tried to put away from his mind tho disagreeable recollec tions with which It was usually filled, and to- plan out tho uncultivated wilderness which lay Around tho houso into something like a garden which should give pleasure to his beloved Rachel. This engrossed him, and kept him employed for some little tlmo, thus affording ample oppor tunity for the talk In the dining-room, in tho course of which, commencing with tho Vicar, Rachel soon became intimately acquainted with all the residents in tho neighborhood. Thoso which Interested her the most wero tho Vicar and the Walllses, for reasons which she thought she could have deflned. but which were probably connected in some occult way with tho influence they were prc- ordalned to excrclso on her own destiny. . They had shown a desire to cultivate her ac- quaintance, the Vicar having left a message to that effect, and she did not intend that they should be disappointed. The little peculiarities Mrs. Cubitt pointed out as belonging to the Vicar only served to make, him more Interesting In Mrs. Boldcrson's eyes, while, as for the Walllses, sho was assured that they were "real gcutle folk." , ' Mr. Wallis was tho best landlord In all the county. Mrs. Wallis was the most kindly wo man, who was always doing a hit o' good wher ever sho' got the cbanco, whllo as for Miss Steele, aho was a pretty young lady — wcut to her first ball a few weeks back; and wasn't she talked about and admired, just!" "Wbat you toll me is delightful, Mrs. Cubttt. I do love pretty, bright, young girls." "And sho Is one, and no mistake, ma'am; she'll be a nice, sweet companion for your young lady." "My young lady? I have not any young lady. "Not a daughter, ma'am; I thought " "Of course, of course. 1 was a widow when I married Mr. Bolderson; you are quite right. But I havo neither chick nor child." Mischievous intention gleamed In Mrs. Cubltt's eyes. She would have a petty vengeanco on this interloper at the Willow Marsh sooner than she expected. "Bless you, lady," she said. "I did not think as you was old enough to have a grown-up gal, but isn't Mr. Boldcrson's children now yours?" "Mr. Boldcrson's children!" And the words dropped feebly from Rachel's lips, which were tremulous and white. "Lord love yor, I wouldn't have spoke of It if I hadn't thought yer know'd." This, then, was Stephen Bolderson's secret, Rachol thought. Well, after all, it was not such a very dreadful ono, only why did I10 not tell her? She rallied as speedily as sho could from the first shock, and trying to appear pleased at the discovery, she said— "Tell me, Mrs. Cubitt, how many children am I expected to mother — since you seem to know all about It? As I said just now. I love young people." "Lor, ma'am, there ain't only one as far as I know. A blgglsli gal, I believo sho Is, but I haven't never seen lier. She lives in Paris." "Well, I hope she will soon come here. It will be delightful to have a young thing in the house, and, as you ray, she may become great friends with Miss Slceie Wallis." And after this there was no more conversation to be got out of Rachel. She walked across into the stlfT, rigid-looking drawingroom as though simply desirous of inspecting It. In reality she wanted to got away from Mrs. Cubitt, and, before sho again met her husband, to be alone for a few minutes with the unexpected discovery she bad made. It was not that Rachel was sorry about tho exUt- once of this unknown girl; on the contrary, her strong- maternal instincts wont out to ber in a yearning at which she herself was astonished; but what upset her and rendered her. thoughtful, almost suspicious, was that Stephen Bolderson should never have told her aught about the child, of whose existeucc even Ills housekeeper was aware. Some shadow must assuredly bo athwart tho past, or he would not be so reticent. Mrs. Cubitt said that she herself had not seen tho girl. Could It be possible that she was imbecile or deformed? Surely, if she loved Stephen Bol dorson. well enough to marry him, she would have accepted his child whatever burden had fallen upon her. No, this could not be the reason of his silence. There must bo something in connection with her parentage which he did not dare to re veal. And, lost in countless surmises, she took no ac count of time, and sat on in the half-furnished drawingroom until darkness overtook lier, nor was sho one point nearer the solution of the difficult problem she had set herself. Meantime. Stephen Bolderson wandered about the grounds planning and arranging — until from arranging he dropped Into dreams — those evil, bad dreams which were apt to frequent him both by day and night. They neither of them recognised the fact that they were drifting — drifting further asunder with each thought that took possession of them. They must be careful what they did or said in the fu ture. lest coolness should arise, and out of coolness separation. "Ono deed may mar a life, And one may make it; . Hold firm thy will from strife Lest a quick blow break it." Rachel was meditating what she should do and say, when the recollection that she had lately read these lines flashed upon her. Even In that moment a hand was laid on her shoulder; it was her husband's; he had come into tlie dark room by the open window. "Why so pensive, wife mine?" Slie started as if she had seen a ghost. Should sho tell liim what she was thinking of, what impression had been made 011 her by Mrs. Cubltt's revelation? No, a thousand times, no. Till he should himself vouchsafe to her some information as to the existence of his daughter she would be silent, nor let back-stair gossip ob trude itself into the story of their lives. Pride, as well as discretion, prompted Rachel at onee to adopt this course. Sho answered him then in a casual sort of way, saying she was half asleep and dreaming, and as ho could not see her face, ho accepted the excuse, although he did not altogether think thero was no "arriero pensce" In the matter, but he ascribed it to her disappointment at the gene ral aspect ot the Willow Marsh. He put his arm round her to lead her out of the darkness into tlie dining-room, where tliero was a lamp. "We will make it all very different before wo are much older," lie satd. "I have been planning out the garden while I smoked, and you will soon make tlie inside of the houso into a bijou. Perhaps I was wrong, but I would not touch It till you came, as I thought you would arrange it much better than I should." otiu euiuiuu iii uuce imu ins iiituior, uuu lor u long while thoy chatted away about details, Ra chel striving very hard to prevent him from seeing that there was a third and unrevealed presence stalking between lier and the home which ho was Inviting her to make beautiful and bright. Nor was tho recollection of Ursula wholly ab sent from Stephen Bolderson's mind; with each turn in the conversation he had it almost 011 his lips to tell her a child being brought up with Lucille La Fargo would one day claim her moth erly care and interest. But he had put It off so long that each day it became more and more Jilllcuit to mako the con fession; besides he was still afraid, not that Ra chel would not be tender and loving to Ills child, but that the interchange of civil amenities that would be thus brought about with Luclllo La Purge would lead to strife and annoyance. Thus, like many another coward who has gone before lilm, lie put off the evil day, and left cir cumstances to unravel tho complications that troubled him, totally disregarding tho fact that tangles, If left to themselves, have a way of be coming more fand more involved the longer the straightening process is deferred. And so in this case it would inevitably prove, and even Rachel's deft llugors nnd patient perseverance would find her tangled skciii of life almost impossible to un ravel. CHAPTER VII— COMPROMISING LETTERS. Ursula Is sitting by the window looking out Into tho street. It Is raining, and tho sun: is hidden behind heavy clouds; so is the sun of her young life, and sho is feeling perfectly miser able. "In every life some rain must fall. Some days be dark and dreary." But Ursula docs not realise this. She feels certain that her present utter wretchedness will last for ever, and despair has taken entire pos session of bor. Ait open note lies on bor lap, the paper blistered here and there by the scald ing tears that are falling from her eyes. The letter Is from Alan Wallis, saying that he Is sent for to London 011 urgent business, and that It Is difficult to say when he will return. From her father's absences, which frequently last for months, Ursula has a very dreary Idea of what going to London means. Months, at her ago, seom as long as years do to thoso who havo battled with adversity, and, moreover, are not In love. "I-Io will never como back. I know he will never come back, my dear, handsome Alan. He has gone away for ever, across that horrid water. How I hato England. It swallows up all the people I love. If ever you go to. England, Made moiselle Loulou, I shall never see you again." much more likely to go thero than I am, unless we both go there some day and take Monsieur, your father, by surprise." And Luclllo stooped and kissed tbe girl's brow as sbe sought to cheer her. "Oh, that would bo delightful," cried Ursula, seizing the Idea at once; "und then, perhaps, we might see Alan." "Always Alau, only Alan," cried Mdlle. Luclllo, laughing. "How I wish I was seventeen, ' and could be so thoroughly devoted to one mau. Ho Is not worth It, little ono. No man Is. I dare say at this moment ho is flirting with somo pretty girl whom he has met en voyage." This suggestion evoked a fresh burst of tears from Ursula, whllo sho indignantly protested that Alan was incapable of Infidelity; he had sworn to love her and her only, and ho would be true. Mdllo. Luclllo tried to comfort lier, but she was laughing the while. She had no belief In any man's fidelity, not she; but, then, buffets and disappointments had made her cynical, and all that she had any faith In was the power of £ s. d. Stephen Bolderson had led her to believe — what had he led her to bollovo? She did not quite know; but oven if sho married him, which she would do, because Decocq had told her it would bo worth her whllo, It never for a mo ment would occur to her that he would be faith ful. This scepticism of good In which' she freely in dulged- was, however, scarcely a dogma with which It would bo easy to Inspire a love-sick girl, although Lucille devotedly wished that Ursula could be rendered harder, since for her own sako she would be far happier if she were absolutely heartless. Alan Wallis was quite right when be told his father that this woman, who was ever ready to trample 011 high principles, and honest, heartfelt emotions, was 110 fitting mentor for an innocent girl of 17. (To be continued.) ' 