CRICKET. By " No-Bail" J For week ending September 5 Raujifcainhji averaged 57 '91 for 55 innings, and his aggregate of 2780 is the best ever known in first-class cricket. Accdbding to the reviews of thB cricket season published in all the Euglish newspapers the two Australians, Spofforth and M4Kibbin,are at the top of the howling averages. Ihe former with an average of 9T4, and the latter with 1426- The match between the Australians and Cali fornia was concluded at San Francisco on Thursday. The Californians, who the previous day lost six wickets for 20 runs, were all disposed of for 43, Eady obtaining the fine averago of wickets for 14 runs. The match ended in a draw greatly in favor of the visitors. Later in the day the msm- hers of the Australian Eleven sailed for New Zea land. Stonehenge knocked Glencoe Into a bit of fried egg or something on Saturday afternoon in the Shield Competition, . Oh, my 5 The scores arc not to hand, hut I gather that Gleneoe went under to the t«ne of 49 odd rvwe — and 3?itz, went with 'em ! I MET an old cricketing friend on Saturday after- noon, and for want of something better to say in place of the old stock comments about the weather, I adopted Li HuDg Chang's customary questions, and asked, ' How old are you ? How old is yOUf Wile 7' This is. .how the reply came from my Teutonic friend 1 Ogb, de vife's dirty, nnd I'm tam well dirty too, Ogb.' Ar/Miotrau Manager Musgrove does not oare to give any official information about the finances of the Australian Eleven, it is currently reported that each man will get something like £700. The total takiDgs of the tour are said to have exceeded £ 14,000 , while the expenses amounted to about £4009, SO that about ,£10,000 is left for division among the 15 members of the team. Those members of tbe Young Men's Institute : who have not as yet vowed to cherish, and many other things, at the Hymenal Altar xvill to-morrow afternoon endcaYOr to show the wiser and balder members the path to victory in the cricket field— in other morels, the Single members of the V.M.L will play the Married to-morrow afternoon, Mar ried: Canon King, O. Mitchell, C. Kemp, J. Slll« lings, Gi Mitchell, W, Eaton, T. An'sehau, J. Cou- euui, S. Hagan. H Viucen t. Single : J: Biddle, Utz ()j k. M-kenhau, C. Tyler. O. Middleton, O. Tweddell, V. Hams, S. Brnggy, IV. Brydon, Fi Travers. Quite a remarkable match was played at Dun dee on Saturday afternoon. Emm&Vtlle; met Dun dee in the Shield Competition, The home team went in first and' when thy had Sfldred 150 With no wiekete down they closed their innings, thinking no doubt that the task of piling np three half cen turies was too great for their opponents (playing with eight HIED)— who wouldn't ' But Emmavilie did compile the 150 and 8 mom besides. With 50 minutes to play Dundee forced their second innings but after they had made 42 they gave up the ghost and game, Emmaviile thus winning- on'the first imiiDga by 8 runB. At lUDCh hour, when Dundee score read 0 for 126, Etnmaville'a great Old enthu siast and leader of sport, threw off his red skuti aap, walked over it three times, jumped in his buggy, and drove home — disgusted. How he re ceived ' his hoys' when he beard they had won in the -face of all this, is not yet known. SddfGfi i — dutfmjb— fie5t ilimtwd » J? Sloman, noi out ... ... ... 75 . O Smithy not out... ... SO Sundries ... - H» " Innings declared closed 150 Second INKINOS. - J Broadbent,. not out ,., 22 - F Sloman, h o w, b Burke ... W C Bloxsome, b Hawkins .. . ... 0 Sundries ... ' -I '5 Two wickets for 42 . . Emmaville— First Inwixgs. r T Wagh orn, c IV sloman, h Diddle ... 2 . O Schnmaker, h o w, b Biddle — 73 E XV Jones, c and b Biddle ... ... 24 J Hawkins, b Biddle ... 44 M J Burke, h o w, b Smith ... ... 1 A Lennon, b Biddle ... 0 E Gray, h Biddle 0 : E Hawkins; not out ... ... --- — . Sundries ... — — ... .12 , 15S 