i>JL ' JlNs' PHROSO BT anthony HOPE. „of "The Prisoner of Zenda." vi.-THS Poem or One Eyed B ' AtliXANDBH. , i, a mutt" «onse!enoo whioh I " t, but may »s well confers. To maiden is a very sore thing— so sore tad mode us all hot again st Constantino ; "be doubled byoeool mind whether nay, whether it ie es naa,-ns re oon- tte murder of e lawful wife. God? have l,e attention to the first-maybe they uom about It— the law finds groator om- ,eu the whole in rospeot to the latter. I admit that it woe not till I found islretched on a mattrOBsJn the kitohon, Heidca of getting a few hours' sloop, that ik mo that Constantino's wlfo deserved a 'o! my concern and onre. Hor grievance ,1 biowsi at lenst as great as Enpliro. i- her peril was far groator. For Euphro- ins his object— Francosca (for that ,ed (torn Vlacho's mode of address to Ee sine) was an obstacle that prevented his I„y that object. For myself I Bhould welcomed o out throat, if it came as an latirc toConstantinc'ssooiety,; but probably fie would not ngreo with mo;'uud the Bullion I had heard left me in littlo doubt Ktr life was not safe. Thoy could not have Kltmic, Vlacho had prudently reminded tiler; the Island fevor oould not kill Con- Hji'i wife a ad our party ail in a day or Blleususpeat snob obliging maladta— and Hd lord had died of it, pat to the happy Hal, already 1 But if the thing could bo Bltttcoshl be so managed that London, Bid the Riviera would find nothing Hn la the dieappenranco of one Madame Knefoolei and the appearance of another — BtaicerUiaty, done the thing would be— Rieoaldwarn or save tho woman in tho e. Aadldidnot soehow to do that So Bitouttocoafess) I droppod lho subject ! Bites I went to sleep I was thinking, not Bio saro Frsnossca, but how to console ftoqne— a matter really of less urgency, as Bid hove seen had not tho eoho of that sad ery still Ailed my ears. B nswi that Hogvardt brought me when I Hia the morning and was enjoying aslico of flkiV, by no menu s cloe rod my way. An Hlittsck did not atom imminent— 1 fancy Bseree islanders wore not too fond of our Ksrs-but the house was,: if I may use Rirai, carefully picketed— and that both Bi sad behind. Along the road that op- Bind it in front thore stood sontrice at Bits, They wore stationed just out of Bbfosronty offectire longdistance weapon, «u evident that egress on that side was Bd; and the asms was tho ass on the other, iidt hid seen men moving in the wood, Hid beird their ohallongcs to one another; ledif regular intervale. We were shut off thesis ; we were shut off' from the cottage, tbsde weald reduce us as well as an attack. Bhsdooihing to off or except the release of Broijss. And to relonse Euphroayno would B likelihood not savo us, whilo it would Oonitentinefioe to play out hia ghastly Hie Reappointed end. I finishod my break- Biome perplexity of spirit. , Then I wont lis lbs hall, expecting that Eupbrosyne appear from her room boforo long. I was ft (or the reat woro engaged in various shoos, Hojvnrdt being particularly busy luge handful of hunting knives that ho limed from tho walls. , I did not undor- 9 what he wanted with thorn, unless ho Ho arm himsolf in porcupine fashion, tally Enphrooyns cams, - but it was a omied Euphrosyns. The : kilt, ' knoo «»»d gaiters woro gone. In their place B fflll|o Hnen garment with flowing send tho looaojnokot over it, the national |oitbe Greek womnn, but Euphrosyno's oroiatenied with a raro profusion of e embroidery, and of so fins a toxtura Ptemsd rather like somo dolioato soft Pi : silk. The change of attiro setmod f a her altered manner. Defiance was |soa appeal glistened from lieteyos as sho I te nil'' I sprang np, but she woald P. ooa stood thore, 'and,' raising hsr glnneo" 'Me, asked simply, " Is it truo?" Bbosinesa like way I told hoc tbo wholo aiarting from tlio every day acone at home prutMrant, ending with tho viUnnous |»hon and the wild ohaso of tho night J,, hen I related Ihat Conotantlno had |«oiicc5oa his wife, Euphroayno shivered. fea Hehtly my enoountor with En,i oysd with a sort of I iosity ; nntl at tho ond iho said, "I'm P Jon weren't killod." : It :wai not an It ! ,nordoliv,re with any empros- I , bat took it for thankt and; mado tho I hen at Inst sho sat down and rsstod on mr hand ; her absent air allowed , , y oloa2'y. and I was Btruok by b»t i y whioh tho bizarre boy's t0J, a«»alod. Moroovor with tho o b 0 aeomild t0 t>a»» F«t off her hosldrtyj but perhaps tho rovolation do t Uor, which sbowod her tho alibi ttnil<lrullul0us sohemor, bad moro I h hor soft oned air. ' Yot sho bore the iit„ ,ttn a <Iu'Tot'n8 lip was hor ox- of Etiof ' anger. And her first D Ms not of herself, . ' "iJ? mfnn ">at thay will kill this " »be naked. altald it s not unlikely that something will happen to her, unlessr, of courso » I paused, but her quiok wit supplied tho omis- aion. " Unless,'' oho said, "ho lots hor live now ho- causo I am out of hto hands. 0 " Will you stay out of his hands? " i asked I moan, as long as I oan keep you out of tuorn. She Iookod round with a troublod oxpros- flion, "How oan I stay bore?" sho said in a low tons. 'You will basafo herons yon wero in your mother's arms'" I answered. Sho aoknnwledgod my premiso withnmovo. mcnt of her head ; but a moment later sho cried, "But I am not with you— I am with the people ! The island is theirs and mino. It is not yours. I will havo no part in giving it to you." "I wain't proposing to tako pay for my hos pitality," said I. " It'll be hardly handsome enough lor that, I'm afraid. Bat mightn't wo leave that question for tho moment." And I desorikod briefly to hor our prevent position. "So that," I concluded, "while I maintain my claim to tho island I am at present moio interested in heaping a wholo skin on myself and my frionds." "If you will not give it up I oan do nothing," said Bhe, "Though thoy know Constantino to he all you say, yot thoy would follow him, and not mo, if i yioldod tho island. Indeed, thoy woald most likely follow him ill any case. For the Noopntians like a man to follow, and thoy llhe that man to be a Steffauopoulos ; so thoy would shut thoir oyo3 to much in order that Constantino might marry mo and become lord." Sho stated all this in a matter of faot way, disclosing no great horror of her countryman's moral Btnndard. Tlio straightforward bar- barouBness of it perhaps appealed to hor a littlo ; she loathed tho man who would rulo on those tormB, but hud Borne toleration for the peoplo who sot tho truo dynasty above all else. And sho spoko of her proposed marriago us though it wore a natural arrangement "I shall have to marry him, I expoot, in spite of everything," she said. I pushed my chair back violently. My Eng lish roBpcotabillty was appalled. "Marry him?"Icritd. " Why, ho murdered the old lord." "That has happened bsforo among tho Stef. fanopouloi," said Euphrosyno with a oalm'noas dangerously near to pride. " And ho proposes to murdor his wife,'.' I added. "Perhaps ho will got rid of hor without that." She paused, then oimo the nngor I hud Iookod for before. "Ah, hut how dared ho swear that ho had thought of no ono but mo and lovod mo passionately? Ho shall pay for that. Again it was injured pride that rang in hor voioo ss in hor first ory. It did not sound like Iovo, and for that I was glad. Tho courtshiifhad probably been an affair of Stato rathor than of nffcation. I did not ask how Constantino was to be mado to pay, whether boforo or aftor marriage. I was struggling between horror and amusement at my gucst'n point of view. But I tako leava to hare a will of my own, oven sometimes in matters that arc not exactly my c'oncorn, aid I said now with a composure that rivals Enphtosyno's. " It's out of tho question that you should marry him. I'm going to got him hangod ; and, anyhow, it would bo atrocious." Slio smiled at that ; but thon she leaned forward and naked. "And how long have you provisions for ?" "That's a good retort," I admitted. "Afow days, that's nil. And wo can't got out to pro- ouro any moio, and wo cau't go on shooting, booause the wood's infested with those ruff— I beg pardon— with your countrymen." "Then it sooms to me," said Euphrosyno, " that yim and your friends mo moro likoly to ho hangod." "Well, on a dispa'sionato consideration, it did seom more likoly, but siie need not hnvo aid so. And sho went on with i n equally dis couraging good souse. " There will bo a boat from Rhodes in about a month or six wooks. Tho ofiicor will come then to take tho tribute, perhaps tho Governor will como. But till thon nobody will visit tho inland, unless it be a few fishermen from Cyprus." " Fishermen ? whore do they land ? At tho harbor ?" "No. My peoplo do not liko thorn, though tho Governor threatons to send troops if wo do not lot them land. So they come to a littlo creek at tho opposito end of the island, on tho other side of tho mountain. Ah, what are you thinking of?" ... , , , , As Euphrosyno peroolvod, hor words had put a now idea in my mind. If I could rcaoh thai errok and find fishermen "and persuade thorn to help me, or to oarry mo and mv purty off, that banging might happon to tho right muu after "'"You're thinking you can roach them?" sho orled. ' . " ' „ " You don't soom sure that you want mo to, i obiotvells "Oh, how oan I toll what I want? If I help you, I am betraying tho island. If I do n" You'll have o death or two at your door, and you'll marry tho biggest scoundrel in " 'sho h'ung hor head' and pluokcd frotfully at tlio embroidery In tbo nook of hor dress. "But, anyhow, you couldn't renoli thorn, sho said. " Yon arooloso prisoners here." That, again, soamod truo, oo truo that it put mo in a very bad temper. Thorefore I rose and leaving hor without, muoh oeromony, strolled into tho kitohon. Hero I found WntkinB dressing tho oow's head, Hogvardt surronndod by knives, and Denny lying on a rug on the floor with a small book, whioh ho stomed to be rending. Ho iookod up with a smile which ho considorod knowing. "Well, what doos tho oaptlvo queen say?" he ssked with levity. 44 Sue proposes to marry Constantino, l answered, and tdded quickly to Hogvardt, 41 What's tho game with thore kuivoo, Bog I ' Well, my lord," «ald Hogvardt, aurveying his dozen murderous Instruments. 4,I thought there was no harm in putting an ouge on tuom, in caso wo should find a use for them," and ho foH to grinding ono with groat energy, 1 woml<!1' what this yarn's About. Ican't construe half of it. m o in !1,"i """nothing nbout Noopatia; and tlioro s a lot about a Stcffanopoulos." T omf 1 A? 8C8»,,ftnd taking tho book, I down to look at it. Ifc was a tllm ol«i book, bound in enlf Bkin. Tho Greek was to' tho'tiM ni,liq"0 ",ty'? :,'t W!» verso. I turned rostlnV « r PT: a »V f,l,a is rathor into- «? m%i £ It's ahont tho death of old Stoffanopoulos— tho thing thoy sing that song about, you know." vysingiua, Onh hu cot! 11013 cf tho l,oora whioh uno Lyoil Aloxandor oompoicd. Its lonnth was about 300 linos, oxolusivo of the rofroih whioh tho islanders had ohnntcd, and whioh 2f?rt,",d six t,01' occurring at the ond of osoh fifty linos. Tho rost was written 111 rathor barbarous iambics— and the sontimonts wero qutto as barbarous as tho verso. It told tho wholo story, and I ran rapidly ovor it,' trunc ating hero and thore for tho benefit of my oompan'ons. Tho arrival of tho Boron do byonvillo rcoallcd our own with ourlons oxaot- noss, oxoopt that ho enmo with one servant »»'/; Ho had boon taken to the Inn as I had, but Ilo bad never escaped from there, and had boon turnod adrift the marningaflor his arrival. I took more interest in Stofnn, and followed eagerly the siory of how tho islanders had come to Ins homo nud domnnded that ho should ro. vokc tho 8ft4e. Stefan, however, was ob- stinato ; it lost tho livesof four of his assailants boforo his house was forcod. Thus far I read and cxpeotcd to find next an account ot a mcUc in tho hall. But here tho otory took a turn unexpected by mo ; ono Hint might make tho reading of tho old poom more thnu a mere pastime. "Bnt when thoy had broken in, "said One Eyed Alexander, " behold tho hall was empty and tho house ompty.. And they slood amazed. But tho two cousine of tho lord, who had boon the hottest in seeking his death, put nil the rest to the door and woro themselves alone in tho houso ; for tho secret woe. known to thorn who wero of the blood of the Sicffanopouloi. Unto mo tho hard it is not known, yet men say thoy wont boncatli tlio earth, and there in the oarth found the lord. And certnin it is thoy slew him, for in a space they came forth to tho door bearing his head ; and thoy showed it to tho people, who nnsworod with n great shout. But the oousins wont back, barring the door again ; and again, when but a few minutes had passed, they oamo forth and opened the door, end the older of thom, boing now by tho traitor'd doatb bocomo lord, bnde tho people in and mado a great feast for them. But tlio head ot Stofan nono saw again ; nor did any sec his body; but body ana head were gone, whither none know, saving the noble , blood of tho Stoffanopoulo! ; for uttorly they disappeared, and the searet was soouroly kept." I read this passage aloud, translating as I want. At tlis end Danny drew a breath. " Well, if there aren't ghosts in this house thore ought to be," ho remarked. " What the duccc did those rascals do with tbo old gentle- man, Charley ?" ' " It says they want beneath tho oartb." " Tho cellar," suggested Hogvardt, who bad a procnio mind. "But they wouldn't leave tho body In tho collar," I objected, "and if, as this fellow says, thoy worojonly away a few minutsH, tlioy couldn't have dug a grave for it, And thon it says that they " There in tlio earth found tho Lord." "It would havo boon moro interesting,", said Denny, " if they'd told Alexander a bit moro about it. Howover, I suppose ho consolas him self with his chant again ?" . "He does. It follows immediately on what I've read, and so tho thing ends." And I sat looking at the little yellow volumo, "Whore did yon find it, Denny ?" I said. " Ob, on a shelf in tho corner of tbo hall, bctwooa the Bible and a TA/e of Byron." I got ap and waikod back to tho hall. I looked round. Euphrosyno was not tborc. I inspeolcd tho hall door, it was still looked on tbo inside. I mounted tho stairs and oaliod at tho door of her room ; when no answer oamq I poshed it opon and took the liberty of glancing round ; sho was not there. I called again, for I thought alio might have passed along tho way ovor tho hall anil reaokod thereof, as .sho had done before. Tiiio time I called loudly. Siionoo followed for a moment. Then oamo an answor in a hurried, rather apologetic tone, "Hero I am." Bat thon— the answer came not from the direction that I had expected, but from the hall, and, looking over the balnstrado, I saw Euphro syno sitting in tho arm ohair. "This," said I, going downstairs, " takon in conjunction with this,',' and I patted Ono-oyod Alexander's book, whioh I hold in my hand ; " is certainly ourious and suggestive." " Hero I am," said Euphrosyno, with on air that sil'ed, "I've not moved. What are you shouting for ?" "Yes, bat you weren't there a minute ago, I observed, renohing tlic hall ond walking uoross to hor. , . She looked disturbed and embarrassed. " Whore havo you been ?" I asked. , "Must I giio an account of overy movo- mcnt?' said she, trying to cover hor confusion witli a show of haughty offence. The coinoidence was a really remarkable ono. It was as hard to account for Euphrosyne'e dis- appearance and reappearance as for tho vanished head and body of old Stofnu. I had a oouvio- lioo — bared on a suddun intuition that ono ex planation must lio at tho root of both these curious tilings — that tho socrot of whioh Alox andor spoko was a secret still liiddoa — hiddan from my eyes, hut known to tho girl before me, the daughter of tho Stofauopouloi. " I won't ask you where you're liceu if you don't wIbIi to toll mo," said I, carelessly. Sho bowed hor head in rooognitlon of my in-. t|,el0 j„ ono question I should liko to ask you," I pursued ; " if you'll bo so kind as to answer it" "Well, what is it?' ' "Whore was Stofan SteffnnopouioskiUod, and what hoeame of his body ?" Aud as I put my question I flung One Eyod Alexander's book open on tho tablo boiido USlio slartod visibly, crying, "Where did' you get that?" , , , . ,. . _ I told her how Danny had found it, and I nddod, Now,. what does beneath the earth menu? You are one of tbo houso and you.numt k#» Yob, I know ; but I must not tell you. Wo are all hound by the most saorcd oath to toll no one." "Who told you?' . » My unoie. The boys of our houso ate told whon thoy "are fifteon, tho girls when thoy are sixteen. No.ono elsoknowB. Sre" hesitated!'' fearing perhaps that her answer would itself tend to betray tho soerot. . _ "" dare toll nothing," «ho said. "Tho oath binds me; and It binds everyone of my kindred '" Bilt youvo'lre 'kindred loft except Con- altt"Hoisonouih.leHo would kill, mo."' , "Sooner than marry you?" I suggested rathor malioioBily. " Hang the o'athl "said IlrapattouUy. " Tho thing might holp us. Did thoy bury Stofan Honiewhcie uudor tho houso? " «f mv' k® not buried," eho ftusworod Then tlicy brought him up and got rid of Wsbody when tho islanders had gono ? " Yon must think what you willa" ' III find it out," said I, "If I puu the noaee down iu tho process. Is it a secret door or 1 Sho had colored at the question. I, put tho latter part In a low eogor voice, for hope had oomo to me. "Is it a way out?" I asked, loaning ovor to her. Sho aat muto, but irresolute, ombarrassed and fretful. "Heavens," I orled, '.impatiently, "it may moan life or death to all of , us, and you boggle over your oath I" My rude impationoe met with h rebuke that it perhaps deBorved, With a glaiico of the utmost seorn, Euphrosyno asked ooldlyi ' And whafc arc .tho lives of all of yon to me?" 44 True; I forgot," said I with ft bitter polite- noss. 44 1 beg your pardon. I did you all the service I could lait night, and now I and my fnendft may as well die as live I But, by God, 1 11 pull this place to ruin but I'll find your secret !" I was walking up and down now in a otato of somo exoitemont. My brain was fired with tho thought of stealing a mnroh' on Constantino through the discovery of his own family secret. Suddenly Euphrosyno gave a little soft ' olap with her hands. It was ovor in a minuto, and sue sat blushing, confuaod, trying to look as if sho had not done it at all. " VVhnt did you do that for? I asked, stop ping in front of her. ' "Nothing," said Euphrosyno. " Ob, I don't bolievo that," said I. Sho looked at me. "I didn't moan to do it, she said agaiu. "But cau't you guess why?" " Thero's too much guessing to be done horo," said I impatiently ; and I started walking again. But presently I bosrd a voloo say softly and in a tone that seemod to address ''nobody in 'par- tioulnr— me least of all, "We Noopatians liko a man who can bo angry— and I began to think you never would." " I am not the least angry," Baid I with groat indignation. "I hato being told that I am angry, when. I am merely showing firmness." Now at this piotest of mino Euphrosyno saw fit to laugh— tlio most hearty laugh she had givon sinco I had known her. Tho mirthfulnuss of it undermined my wrath. I stood still opposite hor, biting the cud of my moustache. "You may laugh," said I, "but I'm not nngry; and I shall pull this house down— or dig it up— in oold blood, in porfeotly oold blood." " You are angry," said Enphroiyne, " and you say you're not. You nro liko my father. He would stamp his foot furiously like that and say, 'I am not nngry, I am not angty, Phroso.'" ' "Pliroio !"' I had forgotton that diminutive of my guest's olassioal name. It rathor pleated mo, and.' I repeated geuily aftor hsr, "Phroso, Phroso !" and I'm afraid I oyed the littlo foot that had stamped so bravely. "Ho always callod mo Phroso. Oh; I wish ho were alive ! Then Constantino——" "Sinco he isn't," said I, sitting by Phroso (I must write it, it's a deal shorter), by Phroso's elbow. "Since he isn't, I'll look aftor Constan tino. It would be a pity to spoil tho house, wouldn't it ?" ' " I've sworn," said Phroso. " Ciroumstunoss alter oaths," said I, bending till I was very near Phroso's ear. ' "Ah," said Phroso reproachfully, "that's what lovora any when thoy find another moro beautiful than their old love." I shot away from Phroso's oar with a suddon backward ' start. Hor remark somehow came homo to mo with a very romarkabla foroe. I got off the tnble and atood opposite to her in an awkward and stiff attitude. "I am compelled to ask you for the. last time if you will toll tho soorot ?" said I in the coldest of tonos. Sho looked up with surprise; -my altered manner may well have amazed lior. Sho did not know tho reason of it. " You niked me kindly and— and pleasantiy, and I would not. Now you ask mo as if you threatened," she said, "Is it likely I should tell you now ?" Woll, I was angry with myself and with hor beoauso sho had made me angry with my self, and the next minute I bcoamo furiously nngry with Donny, whom I found standing in the doorway that lod to tho kitchen with a grin of int'eiiso amusement on his faco. "What- are you grinning at?" I domnuded fiercely. " Oh, nothing," said Denny, and his faco strove to assume a prudent gravity, " Bring a pickaxe," said I. Denny's face wandered towards Phroso. "I« she as annoying as that?" ho seemod to ask. " A piakaxo ?" ho rcpoatod in surprised tones. " Yei, two pickaxes I I'm going to havo this floor up, and soe if I oan find out the great Stoffiiuopouios seorot." I spoko with an aoaent of intenso soorn. Again Phroso laughed ; her hands beat very softly against one another. Heavens, what did sho do that for when Denny was there, watohing overy thing with those shrewd eyes of his. " Tho piok axos I" I roared. Denny turned and fled ; a - moment olapsod. I did not know what to do— how to look at Phroso or how not to look at hor. I took refuga in flight. I rushed into tho kitchen in pretenoe of nidlng or hastoning Denny's search. I found him taking up an old piok that stood near tho door leading to tho compound. I soizod it from his hand. " Confound you !" I oried, for Denny Inughod openly at mo ; and I rushed baok to the hall. ' But on tho threshold I pauiod, and said what I win not write. For, though there cams from somewhere just the lastripplo of a mirthful laugh, tho hall was empty ! Phroso wai goue ! I flung the plekaxs down with a clatter on tho boards and sxolaimod in' my Iiaste, "I wish to heavon I'd never 'bought tho Island!" But I did not really moan that. (to be continued.) 