CARLOS, BY ESTELLB PATER. ;»£ (Concluded.) 'Toor fellow," said I sympathetically. "Theu It was attempted suicide?" "Well, I don't know. It may be and It may not. He declines to give any Information on the subject, and Is most anxious that no enquiries should be In stituted." r "Queer, Isn't It?" "Yes; hut then he's n queer flsb, alto gether." . Next, time I saw Phil ho asked, "How's PI Cavlna?" "Getting on first rate," I answered, surprised At the unusual amount of In terest Phil displayed In him. "Do you know, I'm glad he didn't die," went on Phil, looking earnestly at mo with his large eyes. "I'm very pleased to see you're tak ing a more modified view of It," I'nn- fiwercd. "Are you,, really?" asked Phil. » "Yea, very glad," I assured him. "I thought your behavior and expression when 1 told you he had been stabbed were rather exaggerated, to put It mild- ly." now, quite satlafied. I want him to live, even be happy If he can. There, does that satisfy you?" he asked rather pet ulantly. I smiled. "Always at extremes, Phil. However, this extreme Is far the best and more sensible," and so saying I put my hand caressingly on his shoulder. He shook St off rather impatiently, and said has tily: "What do they say in the town about It?" "Well, some say suicide, and some murder," I answered. "And which do you think?" "Well, really, I don't know what to think," I said, looking straight Into his Inscrutable dark cyoa, which met mine unflinchingly. "What Inclines mc to think it a case of attempted sulcidu Is that Pt Cavlnu won't allow any enquiries to be made, and refuses to nnswer any questions." "Oh,' docs he, " said Phil, busying him self with a saddle girth. "The doctor says he'll feel the effects of tills nil his life, oven If he lives to an old age," 1 pursued. "Really? poor fellow, how sad," sqld Phil, Indifferently, adding, nonchalant ly: . "I don't think it's safe to use this girth any more, do you? It's quite worn out," and that ended the conversation. As soon as PI Cavlna was able to get up I went to ncc him. lie was ho chang ed that he was hardly recognisable. Ho liad shrunk to a ahudow of hlH former ro bustness. Ills hair had turned slightly grey, and his eyes had a peculiar hunted look in them. lie held out a wasted hand to me, at the same time looking over my shoulder as If he expected to see someone else. "They tell me you were very good In inquiring after rne when I was 111," he paid feebly, "t was very nearly done for, wasn't I?" "You must have a mnrvollous consti tution. Have you any Idea who tho would-be murderqr can be?" I asked. He glanced furtively at mo from un der his overhanging brows. / "ITow do you know it was murder?" he asked, sullenly. " That or attempted suicide, and I don't Incline to the latter Idea," I «n- swered lightly, watching him. He tried to laugh, but a slight. noise outside caused him to start from, his chair, n look of deadly terror In his eyes, and clutch my arm. "What was that?" he whispered, hoarsely. "Nothing, only someone passing," I said, soothingly. He sat again and looked at me with the enmn nltlfililn PYnrrafilnn 'of tnrrnr InMilft eyes. "My nerves are quite shattered, quite,", he murmured, weakly. 7 "No wonder, .with what you ve pono, through. You'irWas well as ever soon. AH Invalids are, like this at llrst," 1 an-, swered, cheerfully. "No, never the same again, never.. I wish I had died instead of lingering like this. I am going to leave Moonta. I nm going away back to'ltaly." - He brought'out tho sentences In little gasps. '"You'll recover, more rapidly. In youri own country among friends," J. said. "1 have no friends. : I litul one once, but——", . r . IIq paused. 1 waited for him to con tinue, but be, merely said,'1 ' " Tell them I utn going away, will you?".. . "I will," I answered, and. seeing that' bo was fatigued, T callcdthe hoy who at tended him— he was too nervous to he left alone— ond went out.- The "nine clays' wonder" caused by the ?tabbing of Cavlna soon passed away, and Moonta resumed its Sleepy Hollow appearance. Nothing occurred to break the monotony of life, there beyond a drunken brawl, too common to cxclto the smallest Interest In' such an everyday occurrence, - i The sporting Irishman, Morlnrly, owner of Tim O'Plnherty, proposed gut ting ii) a race meeting, with plenty of hurdles and nteeplechases for his, O'Fluherty's benefit. 'His eloquence Inlluenced Die others, and a course was soon laid out. One afternoon 1 saw Phil riding .along on Carlos, but while the latter neighed nnd threw up his head In the exube rance of his spirits, Ids master seemed moody und depressed. "That youngster busn'l shaken off. the cold he got when lie was drenched In the rain," I remarked to Jack., ' ; "No, poor little beggar; he does look seedy," said .luck carelessly. "I. wonder . what -they're up to -now," for noine miners, led by Morlnrty, had said some thing to Phil, apparently asking him to du something. At first-he refused; then consented, and they nil rude 'off together. "I wonder-where they're off to," said Jack, who hndwntohed the pantomime. "1 know," he added,. suddenly '-"they're', nil going to do some steeplcchaulng.aud tlicy want Phil to cut out the pace for t . their mokes. I heard Tom M'Orcgor bet . Morftirty that his horse was. a , better Jumper, and they've .' fc'6ne to settle It I listened, and then said, with a vnguo . presentiment of coming evil, "Let's go and see what. happens. Something al ways does when that hare-brained Mo- rlnrty Is concerned In It." "AH right," answered .fuck, and we saddled our lntraes nod wvnt after thi-m. When we arrived on the scene .Morlnrly was elated with Joy. because he had beaten M'flregor In the Jumping cnnleM. tills baste, tho erayturc," he went on, referring to Carlos. "Ui-h, the Jewel, . the hud, (he dnrllnt lmrsr>," |H- n-Inl. heaping up »U the cMr.ivug.uit terms of endearment he could think of on Carlos, nn only nil Irishman entild. Of course Dill wan ready to bug hint with plea- sure nt hearing his elk-i- jjdud Carlos thus praised up; and tho eM-IPd Morbus ty at last, begged rn a groat favor to he allowed to sit on -the hack of a pr-er- IcFft'cnlinnl; "Just to nit on ids bard:, mo bhoy, and he able to any T'vo hud the honor of mounting the Jewel," he plead- : rd, and:. Phil at fast consented, hut once, on the impetuous Irish man's feelings overcame him, and In Ills d'dlght at being on such n good horse be began tearing wildly over tho hurdles, atnl finally, gottlng reckless, ho sent Carlos, who had already boon round at a warm pace before, nenk or nothing nt n fence, with a sudden dip Just below If. Curbs took the funee gallantly, but jtot hiving rufllc-Ieiit send-off, he struck the top rail heavily, and came down with a crash, sending bin rider over his heed. However. the nimble Padrly- was roon on bin feet, but before we could move, or oven approach Carlos, Phil, nl- r-est mad with terror, had hounded to vluro the horse lay extended' on 1 ' ptd », with clo-jed eyes and labored bribing. ,,"L"K>1: nt me. Carlos : dear Carton, ' rpenk to met" almost shrieked Phil In his dlrttvsv The horse opened his eyes, rod uttered a faint whinny, but tlld not attempt to move. "Oh, Carlos, .what Is it? "Why won't you get up?" asked poor | Phil- pitoously. "Oh, do something him, or tell mo what to do," he Implor ed. The sympathising group looked ut each other In silence. There wot nothing to be done for Ctirlos, He had taken his last leap. His buck una broken. Hut none of us dared to tell Phil, who was bending over the dying liorse, calling him by every affectionate name he could think of, and telling hlin not to get up Just yet if he was tired. Feeling by our Hllence that something wns wrong, PhU turned to us with a soured face. "Whit Is It?" ho asked faintly. "Why don't you speak?" Tho others nudged me to toll btm, and, with a lump In tny throat. I said, gent ly, " It's no good, Phil ; his back's bro ken." "What!" be screamed. Then, turning to poor Carlos, whose velvety eyes were growing dim with the death agony which was coming over him, ho said, with such pathos that It made tears come Into my eyes, , . '.Tell them It's not true, Carlos. Show them you're only, tired.. Don't die and leave me, Carlos." Here the repentant Moriarty could keep still no longer. "Say you forgive me, lad, 1 didn't go aflhcr doln it," lie burst out, half. blubbering. Hut this increased Full's grief. "It was my fault, all minor Uiave killed you. Carlos," and his slight frame shook with convulsive sobs. Poor Carlos thrust his cold nose Into his master's hand, as if to Implore re lief from the agony which was consum ing him, and uttered a soft, sad whinny as a. good-bye to the beloved master his dim eyes could no longer see. Then, In one last agonising throe of Buffering, he' jerked up-his handsome he&d;, and It fell back Into his nvaster's lap. Carlos was dead I Poor Phil was terribly cut up!over the death of his favorite. He went about looking like a melancholy ghost, as Jack Warren told him. "You see, he was my only friend," said Phil, mournfully when Jack rallied him upon his looks. ' . " 'Only friend!' Pnxy, whore do I come in, Master Phil?" I naked. "And I?" said Jack. , Phil, gazed earnestly at me for a mo ment, then turned away without reply ing.' / How that kid does take things to heart," sold Jack, looking after him.. " He's feeling pretty bud over poor Carlos," 1 said, sympathetically., ."I, believe you're feeling as bad, too," said Jock, wondcringly. "Nearly. I liked Carlos. I believe Phil's gone to mope over the grave, lie spends too much time there. I'll go after him and bring him back." So saying, I went off .In the direction PhU lutd taken. He was sitting on the grave, with his head burled In his hands. Before I could get up to'hlm I saw Dl Cavlna coming, supported by a stick, In tho opjwfilte direction.' Ho wria about to pass 'Phil, when the latter looked up quickly, and saw who It was. PI' Cavlna turned livid, -and from where T was I could see his face work ing with sonic inexplicable emotion. Phil, too, seemed much disturbed, lie started to Ids feet and said something to PI Cavlna. The- latter replied, then Phil said something else with u com manding wave qf his hand. Immediately PI Cavlna turned and shuttled away, and' I approached Phil. He .was sitting with his bunds tightly clasped, and Ills exprestdve face showed that a severe struggle, was going on within him. : "Don't let PI Cavlna worry you.rhll," I said, sitting down by his side. I-Te smiled a wan little smile. "I think It Is I who tun worrying Dl Cavlnh," he said; then the smile faded, and a strained look came Into his eyes. He sold, turning abruptly to me: . "I may ns well tell you something be fore 1 leave Moonta." T.oave Moonta. Phil. "Why?" I ask- ed. "Listen to me, and then you'll know," said PhU, with a weary .gesture.- ."You so-w'ino.speak to Dl Cavlna just now?" "Yes," 1 answered ; . "but surely "J told him ho could, go where he pleased- now, and have nothing to four from "me. It was I. who stabbed him that night- — " . "phll!" T ejaculated, looking nearch- Ingly at him for. any trace of a de ranged mind. .But the. clear, steady eyes met mine unfalteringly , and he \vent on. , "I told you ho had, killed a man. That man was my only brother, Car los. 1 followed him out here, vowing to avenge my brother. 1 passed hhn by,- watching .him In his fancied secu rity till the hour came to strike, and I struck. - He knew, who I was. 1 told him, and us soon as he hud grasped the fact that I was Curio's sister! stabbed him with lils own knife, and left him for dead." "His sister!" I Interrupted. He flush ed beneath my astonished gaze, and re peated: "Ills sister!" A . I sut dumbfounded. Phil continued with downcast eyes. . "My rout' name Is Fllomena Gornntl. Coming out In the ship the others culled me Phil Grant, ho I did not undeceive them. I nin going to leave Mooiita very srion, and 1 must thank you for all your kindness to mc." - "Hut, Phil— t mean Miss Phil— or— Fllbmona, you are not going back to' Italy, are yen?". I asked, feeling quite alarmed at the thought of parting with my . little companion. . "No : not Italy; -Dl pavlnn.wHl be there. It really doesn't matter where I go. . I have no. friends now; Carlos ,1s gone." "j iiiau nopeii iiihl juu iuuiwu un me In tho light of a friend; but 1 see 1 was mistaken," T .exclaimed, with a fine air of abnegation. - " ' , i " What about the stabbing of Pi Cavlnu ? - You forget that does not nc- cord wlth your English Ideas or what Is right and proper.'" . "PhUl" J- cried, reproachfully. "Did you really think that -could ullcr my opinion- of you— he you hoy or girl?'" "I did think so after the. scolding you gavo.ihti on one occasion,'! .-'"Well, please think so no longer," 1 said, decidedly.- ''Hadn't wo better l?o hack. uow?-; I am quite anxious to see JaokVsurprlstr when 1 "tell hhn your transition, from a beautiful, chrysalis Into tv- still more beautiful hutterlly." "Please 'don't tell hhn or anyone else till; I am gone." \ ; I . relapsed lute silence,- und tried to Imagine what .Moonta' would bo like without Phil. I found I could not con ceive even tlui hare possibility of being without her. Next day. I mul Phll with a bunch of wild flowers and wattle In her hand. "I'm going to say good-bye to -Carlos' grave," she said, when she saw me. " Yuii are not really going to leave Moonta, Phil?' I asked, In dismay. "l have decided to go back to Corsica," rlie answered, hi a low voice. By this time we had ranched the grave. Phll placed the wattlo at the head, and turn ed to me. "Have you really forgiven mo for stabbing PI Cavlna? Tell the truth be- beforo I go." "Why must you go, Phll?" I asked, "I have nothing to stay for," Phil re minded ine. The thought of losing her opened the floodgates of my eloquence. With a' promptitude which astonished myself, and took Phll completely hy storm, I caught her In my arms and cried jms- nlorintolj "My darling Phll. you have my free permission l" slab Innumerable Dl Ca- vlnns on the sole condition that you don't go to Corsica; or, If you do, marry me first and tnko me with you." She married me. 