AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. , Cog r RIG. J WHo ISlHE? The Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY or mn - Natural & Supernatural, BT ?XVE ETHI TMIL TO.V JM.D., F.1R.C.8. CITAFIER XXII.-(CovmucEDn.). "No, Miss iMarslen; the concerns of no city do not secem to belong to me in any way -and yet I remember now I did hear Sir Samuel Moses ask our friend, Lumstlen, if the city was not likely to Ihave an earthquake eoon, but Lumsden laughed long and loud, so I suppose it was only a joke. But some one calls. I must go. Godl-night, Elith, kind little friend- youo have irven me new energy and thoughts to-night." "I did not hear ntlon^e call." "No! there it is ngaiL-'tis that man, the master of my life. Imust go-I munt go!" Apparently quito oblivious of Edith or bail-room or anything, withl a sudden, half stupid look, B arton turned and went swiftly, with the air of a somnambulist, out at the open door a:d over the smooth lawn into tihe quivering moonlit night. "George! George, my darling! TWhat is it ? ou--so strong. so able a man ! What is this mystery: Alas! that'rou cver should haverese ted me frem a sleep that at least could not have had this yearning pain in it and yet I cannot wvish I had never known you; but one thing remains --I must bear, as others have done, and wait. Love can do no harm, but by its unselfish desire for the supreme good of the loved one will surely draw down blessings and b1e a guard from that evil influence whatever it may be." Wait and bear patiently and silently, then, Edlith IMarden--at least your own heart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy with others who suffer will deepen and strengthen; so you shall be of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonely woman, bearing others burdens because of the strength that has come of sorrow and silent hearing of your own. Many a lonely woman has so lived, and will so live while the old earth turns round. S SAFt E RODBERY. ITalim Haki, or whatever was his name, and Barton. or whatever was dir name, had left their old domicile in Little Bourke street. Barton never knew whether his involhmtary introduction to the Wallaees pleased or dis pleased his companion and master. The In dian was tinscrttable-nt any hate lebtade the best of the inevitable and never grumbled egainst fortune no matter wltat pranks she played him. The relationship betwecn the two men was unchanged. The Saxon sub mitted to the awful will-force of the adept. It seemed a?s if the eastern magician played with him as the cat plays with the mouLse, givinghita mental latitude for a time only to withdraw the license again as if from mere whim. He played on the man as the skilled musician plays on the stringed instrument, or rather as the expert horseman controls the mettled steed, at one time allowing him to pacr and case and at another pressing home the sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. Barton was right when he told Miss Marsden that he could not distinguish his one self from his other self. His two existences were almost as distinct as if there were two bodies and two sous. But Ialim had not quite deserted Little Bourke street. That thoroughfare possesses a population sui geerrie. In its dens nmy be found the besotted Chinese, the savage Afghan, the stealthy Malay, mingling with the equally savage scourings of a British city. Perhaps the detective seeking his prey in these sqnalid purlicns, or the sturdy police man wahimngcarefuity up the narrow roadway knew something of the Indian's dark and mysterious house, but they had always enough business on hand to prevent them making incursions into regions which might not turn out profitable, and the house was left severely alone. The only one seen in connection with the place was a fierce Ben galee, who looked as if " Thuggism "-as l is creed and its practice his forte. In the same room there in Little Bourke street in which we saw domiciledourmysteri ous aequaintances, we can see the sameitwo men seated again as they then were. "Bar ton's " eyes had the same far-away look in them as we noticed then,nndhehadevidently refurned from one of those mysterious jour neys in spirit land,-on which he travelled obedier.t to the will of his companion. "The time has come," said the Indian, "when we must make our first attempt. I am surt you will be ready." "Yes," said Barton; "I am ready, but I do not unlerstand your aims. There is something in me that rebels against it all, and yet I cannot force myself free. You overpower me. I feel oppressed here and there," striking his head and heart. "I know yon are hurrying me into some infernal wickedness or another: I know yon hare had me in the past by some infernal wickedntes, and yet I can do nothing. Curse you!" he continued, "I don't know what keeps my hands from your thrat, you villain, to throttle you, to squeeze your life out of your umiLseroabie ceaon b by it' - - . - He had suddenly reached the stage of furious rage, and he rose up and setrode over to the Indian, who rconained calm and care les. "See," Barton went on, "that arm-look at that 'chest. WVhy, mtn, I could crush the little in;ininsieant life out of you before onohowl of fear could pierce these walls." ' Hish," said. the Indian, calmly and auithoritatively, and the man uttered not an otheif-wor.. "Listen. To-night our first attempt has to bo made, and there must be no failure. The object is to checkmato wickedness, as you puritanieal Enghsh call it, and two old friends of yours, Perrin and Simpson, will thankyou wellhereaftcr. Why I should interest myself about them Ican hardlyunderstand, and I don't think it comes from weakness-and the speaker omiled Now, what I want dbne I can lxplain in a very short time. You know where the horse and cart are?". "Very well. you mt have the cart and hore on the erossing of the St. Kilda and Donain Roads at half-past elven to-night. You must not wait for me butocoteinuewalk ing up the road. Ishall be the.r: and follow you,aiidTafteryodu'reach Flinders street I'll geton the eartand take the reins. Do not notice anything, but simply do as I tell you -you atmd?rstand." "Yes! Ino.naerndP" ___" "It is now nine o'clock and you must aort at once. You mst put on the dress I provided for you. Remember in all this you have iothing to fear no matter what may Jappfe,ZInasnreyonofthat,andIalsoassua r you that whatever will be done to-night will injure those who deserve injury, and may do god to those who deserve it. That is an ethical problem for you when it is stated by me. Now go, and remember what I have said." About half- pact eleven a waggon was driven at thelusal easy pace up the St. Kilda load. The driver looked as listless as the gentleman of his profession as a general rule do. The big horse jogged along at his case, tatting everything as it came with thie indif ference of custom. Soon were seent the long array of lights which illumilnato rince's Bridge, stretching out into the comparative darkness of the city lbeyond. Hre m,d there the tall, shadlorwy bildinagsaLanoceasionnL lofty tower received the ghost-like reflee tion of a street lamp and stood outlike fresco work fromn the background of a leaden sky. The policeman on his solitary beat along the bridge watched with lazy indifference the huge horse and cart as they rolled past and waked the echoes of the silent street with hollow rumlilng. lie was even inclined to relieve the monotony of his vigil by saluting the driver. What a condescension of the spec. and span constable to unofficial mor tality--lut he seemed half asleep on his perch and the constable thought no more about it. Qpposite the fish-market a new arrival sprang t ttie perchl beside the driver not stopping the hlutbcring waggon which tlhun dered up Flinders street without attracting a glance from a passer-lby or even the alert policeman on his beat. Soon it reached the more retired streets, where in the stirring hours of day the merchant princes of the " Queen City of the Southll" are won't to congregate. Til great black houses were inow unoccupied and in dark'ness, save where in the basements here and there or in the atties a little light gleamed frot the uneur taiued window where the watchman kept nightly guard. The cart lumbered away and finally turned into the narrow street at the rear of William street and tip one of the right-of-waoy lending to the back premises of the building in which were situated the oflices of Sir William Wal lace. Tile cart was backed with tle greatest coolness as close as possible to the wall and the two men descended. At a touch the gate was opened, and--one-of the-men-,-wli seemedt to have the power of seeing in the dark, entered the hack yard without hesita tion. "You remain here," he said in an ordinary toneto his companionl. "I shall call for you when I want yot." lie walked up to a window barred withl heavy iron, and, , seizing one of the bars, he touelhed it with sorne elmincals which he took from his pocket. At once a lambent flame licked the metal and stole rapidly from bot tom to top of tile rod, throwing as it spread a flickering light on a magnifieent diamond lie wore on his finger which reflected it ngain in a thouts?d contscations of every tint. The iron absolttely disappeared. It neitlher -fuse or mo ldercd-it-siv-tply-re-olved-it- self. Tihe man with thoe tmost dexterity cut a circular piece front the large window pane, and tile next moment lie had swuntg himself into the inner temple of Mammon, the oflice of Sir William. "tMight have avoided this trouble but for the chains," lie muttered. "Noow, I must see about the watchman." lie scarcely touched the bolted door when it seemed to spring open of its own accord. The whole building was in the dense gloom and darlaess of night, but this did not troublo tse te mysteriots visitor. He made his way to the foot of the stairs and calmly walked up, soEp by step, until he reached the attic, where beneath one of the doors a light shone showing that room at least had a tenant. The door was suddenly flung open and a young man appeared on the threshold with a revolver in one hand and a heavy life preserver in the other. " Who are yonl?" lie cried, as the strangecr approached him with calm unconcern. I "Plut tip your weapon, friend." The "friend" had presented the revolver straight at his head. ""Why should I -" " Because I tell you to do so, and I ant ac ettstomel to be obeyed, ' siditthe lher_. and. wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesita tion the deadly weapon was lowered, and the watchmano's eyes drooped under the tunnetic gaze of the stranger. "Back to your couch," lie said to the man, and obedient as a dog he obeyed. Into the little room he went and threw himself heavily on the maitras in a corner. " Must give the thing an appearance," said the visitor to himself with a smile, as he proceeded to bind the matn as he lay withl a rope he took fromn his pocket. The business was quickly done, and then he turned to the victim or subtject, which you will, and told him not to awake for three hours and "forget." Whether the magnetic sleep is catalepticor not the sman obeyed the orders, and when the mysterious stranger left the room he left be hind him a body, to all intents, lifeless and senseless. Very deliberately the Indian, for it was he as will be very easily understood, walked down the stairs and returned to the office. He at once approached tile safe, and, taking the same bottle from his pocket, applies the con tents all around the lock, first taking the pre caution to keep the action of the liquid under control. Again the metal yielded and disappeared. The massive door swunmg oven and Wallace's treasure was disclosed. The Indian walked to the window and summoned his companion who leisurely approached." "Tlake the boxes I shall give you to the cart and place them inside," said the master. Box after box was conveyed to the window and thence to the cart without the slightest interruption, until the wholo contents of the safe were removed. Then and only then the Indian was contented, and lie quickly left the place, drawing doon the broken window as he stood on the windlow-sill. Barton and he moonted the perchl, and the big horse jogged away at hIis ilsttal pave though his load was much greater than it was before. Again the rumtbling cart brok the echoes of the deserted street, and ngain some policeman heard the sound with indif ferenceo and hardlly east .athonught on the late contingent of the army of the niglt. Nextdald" thecoltumns of the eveningpaper. were filled with nacounts of the moat mycteri ous and aundcious safe robbery, and for a week or perhaps full nine days the whole journaldom of the colonies was in a ferment, and the detectives and police forces received the searifyring they always drervd nmid, poor wrtotchsn get without mercy. But thecearthad jogged along the Brighton Road until it was near Elsternwick where it halted, and from behind a terrace of hall abuilt houcs.Barton ledan-horse anda liht trap. : The contents of the eart were quickly transferred, and the tiro men took their. seat on the vehicle and then drove rapidly away in the direction of St. Kilda beach. Two days after John Smith at the St. Kitda Court won fined Unwtoigtll r his cart and horse to wander. He pleaded guilty to the insinuation of "o waree drop too much," and paid his fine like a man. CHAPTER XXIV. There was rarem onfttuion in Wallace's Toorak mansion. Long before the master of the establishment was accls:omnl to leave his bedroom a hnnsom cab had driven up furiously to the door, and a man had rung the bell with such startling energy that lise calm, decorous and obsequious footmen had been s-agitatedi that their powdered loeks stood up on end, and the man who had at last regained sufficient courage to open the door looked as if a recent earthquake had .shaken him out of his senses. Wsithout waiting for explanation the mes senger pushed into the magnificent hall and asked for Sir William. "I must see him at once cveu in his bed romn," said he, "and show mas the bedroom quickly." There was no denying him, and he was led up the staircase by the footman who en deavored to impress on the gesntleman thathe voulld _lot be re sousihle for disobeying "otrlers" ill s?chl an ourmitgeous IlannIr. Sir William opened the door of his dres.sig moom sitd received the messscnger with every appearance of surprise. The mcssenrge was the obsequious secretary. As soon as Sir William saw him ie hurried him into tihe room, leaving the flunkey bewildered and as wise as ever at the door. Five minutes after the bell of the dressing-room nassalo ringing furiously, and the footman, who answered he had not been far from the door--saw his master fully dressed and in a state of extreme agitation. "If the hansom has not gone detain it for five minutes. If it has gone order Jones to bring out the carriage ias quickly as he can got the horses in." The footman for once in his life made his well-padded limbs do duty in eanrest. lH rushed down the stairs and flew to the door. The hansom had not gone, and the driverwas rubbing downa his smoking horse. Two minutes after Wallace came down the stairs with headlong haste, and, without a word to the wondering servants, he ,prang into the hansom followed by his secretary. " For your life, quick !" he called out to thecabby. "I'll find you a new horse if that one goes under." The cabman knew his customer, and leaped to his box in an instant, and in another in stant the vehicle was sweeping down the avenue and out of the gates into the road. The horse and driver bravely earned the muni ficent fare which the latter received from the secretary-?sen-a-the passengers-were-landeld at the William-street office. There were a -few loungers about- the doors and-tho- pre. - mises were in the charge of the police. The constables saluted. The great financier was a man to be honored-, - Wallace canme into the office and ran at once to the safe. It was as had been re ported to him. Not an atom of paper; not a coin of the realm was there. lnhat could be done? Two detectives were making a care ful examination of the premises. They saw the void round the place where once the chubb used to be. They saw the greatcirelo cut out of the window-pane. Everyone saw that as well as the officers. But where was the iron bar gone to? 'here were the shat tered pieces of the safe? They couldn't see these any more than the less expert on Iookern, - - Wallne said never a word, but in his brain there was always a dull echo as if a fiend. was whispering, "Done for, done for!" in every key and on every tune that he had ever heard. The full extent of the disaster only himself could know. Even the money was only the least of his losses. There has been evidence in that huge safe enough to destroy the highest reputations in Victoria, his among the rest. "What was to be done? Was there any way out of such ruin? Send for Lumsden, and at once." Lumsden came and Wallace- mde-nos-ex aggerateddisplay. Hlesimiiplypointed to the safe. "All gone," hesniad. "You're mad to sayso !" cried the other. "Neither mad, nor dreaming," said Sir William. " What, all that money gone ?" " Yes, every stiver." The two men looked at each other with despair in their eyes. "Then, this is no place for me," said Lmnsden, getting up and coming rotund to Wallace's chair and whispering to hrim : "I shall pick up the few thousands I told you of and slope and share with you. It is not nmuch, but it will carry us over to the Pacific Slope." Wallace smiled. "Well," he replied, "there is lonor among thieves after all. But no i my boy. Gat away yourself. I amnt done for, and shall meet it all. Whalt you do, however, you will have to do quickly or ycu will not have tihe chance of doing anything." Lumsden took his ally's hand and pressed it warmly. Good-bye, old matn, good-bye and better luck. I daren't meet the she devils of the south or I'd see it out with you. But hansg it, rman, they would tear me in pieces if they knew all." At this moment a telegram was put in his hand. Hie opened it. It was a telegram from Halim Haki, Launceston, and ran as follows: "I shall want to withdraw the valuables you have of mine on Monsday next. I am sure the shortness of the notice will not trouble you." Wallace laughed aloud at the reading of the telegram. "Well, HMalim liaki," aids he, soli'lo-is ing. "I doubt you will have to take out a hawker's license. Your gold and your dia monds have gone where I doubt you will not follow them." But let me to business. [Ie took up his pen and wrote continuously for upwards of an hour. lie gave strict orders that no on, was to be admitted; that lie was irl to no olne until noon. IHe could hear tlhe iminiries made in the outer room about himself--about the safe robbery, and conjecturas labout the amount of gold that had been stolen, but he wrote on. At last he finished and he quietly rolled tip the manuseript and sealed, then as quietly he took a small revolver fromnt his deok. drawer, and, after trring with it for a miutse or so, pulled the trigger and Willianm Wallace am no trove. The quiet wavy in which it wasarill dose w:rs the o:sly very remarkahble fiact alrt it all. Suicide may be regird~el as cowtanlly, lsit there are o?ue positions in which, when saIsis like Wallace are placed, they can see no other alternative. The RIoman philosophler would not blame them. CHArPTER XXV. Collins street was in an uproar. fMen and women and children noshed about like the anuts of a nest on which: sonme heavy animal has trodden and brought ruin. There was madness in the air-the madness of deeoair,of disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunes, and where did the ruin end? Was there any in stitution safe? Was the country itseclf safe? It was not to be wondered at that the people of Victoria were well nigh frenzied. The strugle for existence is a hard one at the best, and men of even temperate hopes look for3ntsl t9searseof the labor and toil of battle. and risked their present possession for a future gain. Melbourne had been in the clouds. Whattneedwould there bek , work ing when the whole outside world nas about to throw into Victoria its accumulated wealth ? What more to do than to spend a little money now and draw it in again increased a ilun -dr? fedId? It ?wasthe-easiest- way ofoak- ing a provision for the future rainy day that had ever been planned, and a good many plans have been formed in this old world of ours to find a short.eut to wealth. W. H. 14 (tao E C iscT-zp,) 