A PLATFORM IN A NUTSHELL The following, whioh is taken from the San Francisco Star, is worth consideration : — 'All party platforms have been too long, giving too much prominence to minor details. They also, like a obild crying for the moon, make the capital mistake of placing measures, which under our present electoral system are impossible of realization, above methods, which muBt be changed before measures in the general interest can have a ghost of a chance to pass. I, therefore, present the following platform as one which all parties but Republicans and monopolists can consistently unite m supporting : METHODS. ' Proportional representation. Initiative and Referendum. The dead (in constitutions, pre cedents, &c.;) to get off our backs. JtBASUBES. ' Legislature to control taxation, with a view to enable the classes of property to be taxed to be determined by direct vote. Public owner ship and operation of all ' natural monopolies,' or ' public utilities,' by direct vote of the ' people. Any State, county, or municipality to have the right to conduct any business whatever by direct vote of citizens. Decentralization generally — the Federal Government to release its grip on tbe State in what mainly concerns the State, and the State to take its grip off local affairs. The judiciary to be deprived of its usurped power to make and veto laws. \-- Where the purchase or construction of public works cannot be secured by a reasonable direct tax, means to be obtained by the issue of ' scrip ' of small denominations by States and munici palities, or currency by the nation, receivable for all dues to the nation, State, or municipality, as the case maybe; that is, the Guernsey Market Plan. Such scrip or currency would thus be issued by the Government for some service rendered to it by individuals, and received by the Government for taxes or for service rendered by the Government to individuals. EXPLANATIONS. ' TheBe methods and measures are all that is needed in a platform proper, which should not include stump speeches or declamation. Ex planations and advocacy are the proper functions of the platform and the press. ' No true Jeffersonian Democrat, no consis tent Populist, no reasonable Prohibitionist, or Socialist, could object to this platform. It takes in all that the Omaha platform may have meant, but did not say, and some more to which its sincere advocates would offer little, if any, objection. It has full local option for the Pro hibitionists, and that is more than they can realize in this State under the present electoral system ; nor would the enactment of any State law benefit them where the majority of the local community were opposed to its enforcement. No Socialist could ask more than that any munici pality or State should be vested with competency to make any business collective; for, if sucli business were forced upon the people, it would have to be locally administered, and ' while one man can take a horse to water, ten can't make him drink.' However it might work in Ger many, a centralized, enforced Socialism would never work in local affairs here. ' The platform, as to detail of measures, could be changed by addition or omission ; but, pro vided such changes were not radically different, it would afford a rallying point on which all honest voters could unite. It would be a coali tion on principle against the monopoly party. The' Republicans are absolutely certain to carry all before them unless some such coalition is effected. Once secure for the people the right of complete representation, with, where necessary, direct action, and tho rest is easy. When the people can get whatever they want, and the views of one and all be fairly represented in the legislature, there will of necessity be continuous i /? and peaceful progress. Otherwise, we . must ] ponstantly come near chaos.' , 