SOME VICTORIAN MOTHS. BY EBS*E8T AKDEBSOJT. GEOMETERS, on SLENDER BODIES. This group differs materially from groups previously described, for in place of robust build and thick bodies, the greater portion are delicate insects approaching somewhat to the buttprfly type, with slender bodies and fragile wings. The habits also, as the altered stmctare would lead us to imagine, are quite different, for in place of the bold roving flight of the "prominents," the swiftness of the hawk moths, or the mazy dances of the "ghosts," we find them fluttering softly round herbage or across sheltered open ings in the forest, nearly all of them being crepuscular in their habits, or, in other words, they fly at twilight, though many species that rest on the ground or amid low-growing herbage are readily disturbed in the day time. Perhaps the most striking characteristic of the group appears in caterpillar state. Geometer caterpillars are at once distin guished from the caterpillars of othergroups by the ahsence of the three pa'rs of legs or claspers usually present in the centre of the body, so that they have only legs at the two extremities, ami this peculiarity gives them a mode of progression entirely their own. Most people must have noticed the woolly caterpillars of the Ermine or Darala moths running over the ground in a great hurry, as though bent upon exploring the greatest possible extent oi" country in the least possible time. We might perhaps call them the explorers of the entomological world, but such progression is quite impossible to a Geometer caterpillar, which might be termed the surveyor. First making sure that its base is well defined and secure, it stretches out its body to the full extent in a straight line, making fast by its front claspers. This being safely accomplished, it lets go with its hind claspers and brings them right up to the front ones, the body in consequence forming a distinct loop. The hind legs then get a firm hold, and the process is repeated. It is on account of this mode of progression that the scientific name of Geometer or land measurer is given. The popular name is " loopers." To enable the caterpillars to walk in this peculiar manner they necessarily have greAt strength in the claBpers ; the strength of the bind claspers in some species being marvellous. There is another point in which the loopers differ from the hairy or tufted caterpillars, and it is an unfortunate one for them. While insectivorous birds have gradually learnt that it is wise to leave severely alone all hairy caterpillars or caterpillars with bristles, they are very keen hunters after the long, smoo'h loopers, which, indeed, in many districts form no inconsider able portion of their diet. It is doubt less as a protection against this severe perse cation that all Geometer caterpillars are inconspicuous, without ornament, and generally matching in a most marvellous manner the twigs and leaves of the plants upon which they feed. If we adnpt the views of specialists and accept a9 the probable original type caterpillars having scattered wart like process from which spring short spines similar to theGreat Gum (A. eucalypti) it becomes interesting to follow, as it were, the two divergent lines of evolution, resulting on the one hand in densely hairy, hright'y coloured caterpillars feeding recklessly in the open daylight; and on the other hand, perfectly smooth twig-like creatures, remain ing motionless by day, either clinging tightly to the bark or else stretched out among the twigs, to which they bear such close re semblance as to be barely distinguishable from them. The two results are examples of different forms of protection due to differences in environment and habits. Another habit of many loopers is that of hanging suspended by a thread ; the practice seems to give them enjoympnt but it iB not altogether pleasant to pedestrians passing along underneath. It was to get rid of a species with this habit which fed upon trees planted for ornamental purposes in the etreets and parks of New York State that the sparrow was first imported to America. Our American cousins were too 'cute, and now heartily wish they had made themselves as happy as possible with the caterpillars, since the sparrows have become a great evil. There being very few rules without excep tions, it is not surprising to find that some caterpillars occupy an intermediate position, and are provided with a pair, or, in some in stances, with four claspers in excess of the number usual in geometers. Even when additional claspers are present, they are but rarely, if ever, uspd, and in most cases they are incapable of taking a good grip, as though through disuse they had lost the power of performing functions for which they were originally intended. The moths resulting from these caterpillars differ from the typical Geometer moths, and were at one time separated from them by scientists, but it is now generally conceded that the Geometer group is the most fitting in which to include them. A large proportion of the Geometers are doable-brooded, and many have a quick sue cession of broods t hroughout the year. The various families and genera are known to collectors tinder popular names, some of which are appropriate, while others are quite fanciful. " Thorns," " Waves," " Emeralds," " Crosswings," " Engrails," " Pugs," and " Carpets" are well-known terms, the first four of which are fairly descriptive, while the last are certainly somewhat hard to explain. The classification of this great group has been altered at various timeB by different authorities, but even now it ia a sad medley. For present purposes it is not proposed to follow any particular ordpr, but merely to give a few typical examples of the divisions popularly outlined above, and it will, perhaps, l*eas well to commence with a truly typical species, such at Selidosema lyciaria. This is one of the " Engrails," and it ia a very handsome species, being beautifully mottled with rich tints of rosy brown, grey> and black, the arrangement of which is too hard to briefly define, but which should readily be seen upon reference to the illus tration. The under side is totally different, being pale-brown, with a conspicuous black spot in the centre of each wing and irregular markings round the margins. This moth is attached to the common wattle, and the caterpillars may be observed feeding during the months of August and September. They vary in tint, specimens being found ranging from grey toa dark-brown, but they can always be easily identified by the notched head and the two peculiar little projections upon the back. Except for theBe the body would be quite plain, and it greatly resembles a dead twig, the diamond-shaped markings along the back being too indistinct to interfere with the resemblance, while the two projections appear to be the broken ends of leaf-stalks. The chrysalis stage is passed underground, and lusts until March; the moths then emerge, and may be found on fences or tree trunks, resting, with wings outstretched, in the same position as in the figure, and often bearing Buch a general re smblance to the bark as to (be hardly dis tinguishable from it. This is another typical species and it may frequently be found resting with wings out stretched upon post-and-rH.il fences, the uni form grey colour of the wings and body matching very nearly the weather-worn wood. Underneath the moth is somewhat handsomely coloured, the margin alone being grey, one dividing black band followed liy another ot a crimson colour separating it from the rest of the wing, which is pearly white, adorned with.black blotches on the anterior wing. The caterpillar wTien young , exactly reaemblps the young shoots of the pepper mint gum, npon which it chiefly feeds; Bome are pink and others grepn, bat in all the head tapers off to a point. When'the cater pillnr is moving the head projects at right angles from the body ; when it is at rest the head is held no bb to appear a continuation of the body, as shown in the figure. It is on account of the similarity to a dunce's cap that the moth has ac quired its popular name. As they grow large they cbtwge their skins and become green with a stripe down the sides, and then they resemble leaves ; when feeding among foliage with yellow stems and yellow midribs the streak down the side of the caterpillar is also yellow, but when found on apeoies having pinkish stems the caterpillar follows suit and baa a pink stripe, in both oases being extremely hard to deteot among wriw in cwtvea. The cocoon is formed upon the surface of the ground ; it is very fragile, being so loos*, in fact, that the chrysalis can easily be seen within. This is grey speckled with black, and is very active if disturbed, turning over and over for some time afterwards. SATIN MOTHS. Having th as briefly glanced at two specirs differing widely from each other in the shape of the moth and structure of the caterpillar, yet both typical Geometers, it will be as well to tarn to the very beautiful genus of Satin mothB (Thailina), which illustrate the inter mediate form already mentioned. The specieB are very beautiful, &U; being pore white with sienna and black markings. One fortunately is quite common, this is the W Satin moth (Thailina clara), so called on ac count of the marking upon the forewinga greatly resembling the letter W. Wherever the common black wattle grows we may expect to meet with this Bpecies. The moths are found during March and throughout April, and one of the peculiarities in which they differ from the bulk of the Geometers is their habit of resting with the wings deflected to the sides,instead of spread ont flat as in the preceding species. The caterpillars can easily be fonnd daring July and August. They show the undeveloped claspers in a very marked manner, as will be seen in the figure. These aborted claspers seem of no practical use. The colouration is dull green with a yellow line down the sides dotted with red, beneath which are oblique white stripes on each segment. The chry salis is lound in a compact cocoon composed of fine particles of earth, beneath the sur face of the ground. The Mitre Satin moth (T. inecripta) is attached to the silver wattle, and conse quently is only found in localities where thai tree is fairly abundant Though soiiie what rare generally, it is often locally com mon, and occurs rather freely in Tasmania. The Dotted-line Sarin moth and V-Sutin moth are buth rare, bnt they have a wi'le distribution. The caterpillars feed on eucalyptfi and bear a great family likeness to T. clara. The projecting points at side of the head, however, are crimson in these species, and the yellow line down the ti'le i8 not spotted with red. GEOMETER OE LOOPKB CATERPILLAR. SHIDOSIHA LTCUEIA, GN. UFFKB AND UNDER SIDI AND CATTRPILLAK. CATBBPILLAB or Dtnrcn MOTH. W-SATIN MOTH (FEMALE). CATERPILLAR OF W-SATIS MOTH. DPNOE MOTH: CETPSTPHONA OOOOLTABIA, Dow. GROUP OF SATIN MOTHS. THE MITHE SATIN MOTH (TWO FIGCBRB). THX W SATIN MOTE, UPP*B AND USDBB SIDES (KALI). TN Donro LON 8ATBT MOTH, Una AMP U«M» TORN ? . T»A y 8AW MW. UNDEB SIDE or DDNP* MOTH. 