THE MOST SUCCESSFUL RAGIHC OLUB IN AUSTRALIA. By Javelin. i A little ovor twenty j-cars ngo half a dozen cntliusinstio sportsmon in Ballarat agreed to form ania'inoteur racing club with the primary object of holding meotirigs at which thoy could race -their. Jyqraos agqiiiBt caoh qthor.with owners up,- for they woro sjiortameir in the best, acboptqtibn of that very much abused and , too frequently misapplied word. At tho . faintest suspicion of a challenge any one of the number would haye'- revellcd in a "go" across country, from' point " to point at daybreak, noon or midnight for a suppor, or a bottle, or for love, nor was tlioro one among tho lot who in suoh ft ! ease would linve allowed anyone but himself to ride his horao. Thoy were Hector and Norman \- Wilson, Herbert Power, Prank M'Lcod, E. C. Moore and A. E. Ffrench, to each one of whom might appropriately have been applied IVhyte- Mclvillo'b couplet— . The pace cannot stop, nor the fences defeat. This rum one to follow, -this bad one to beat. \- Those were the men who in the course of a desultory chat at " Craig's" after the Ballarat races in December, 1875, formed the. nucleus of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club, which, although not yet "of age," is "the most successful racing club in Australia. The half-dozen originators of tho club - found their suggestion quickly and enthusiastically taken up by congenial spirits, who loved sport for sport's sake ; " comrades, of the old colonial school, " who, .if "hard livers for the most part," and "somewhat reckless as a rule," wero true grit, good sportsmen and faithful friends, aiid even admitting that somo" of them who have "gone where we all must. go" might have stayed longer if they had not made the paco quite so strong, the chances are " they would livo tho same life over 'if they' had to live again," and if wo told the truth I . doubt whether many of us would blnmo' them. It is not surprising that -by men of that stamp who fixed their annual subscription at £25, tlie programme for. the club's first meeting should have been formed ' with more consideration for sport than finance. . In ? five of the races there ; was a sweepstake of a "fiver", each, with ' DO sovs. added,' the Open Steeplechase had a. sweep of 5 sovs. and 1(H) added, and the Vic-. ' toria Gold Cup— a splendid picture of the.field. for .which now hangs in tho V.A.T.C. office, presented to the club by the widow of Mr. Hector Wilson, who rode his own horse, Dutch man—was a trophy value 200 guineas, with a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. added ! Four racc9 for amateur riders and an open hurdle race and steeplechase formed the programme, to read of which ought to make , present day hunt club committees, who race twice a year on " com mercial principles," blush for very shame. Such wero the conditions under which tho ' first meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held at Dowling Forest, and from which ' sprang the successful and popular institution'of to-day. The name of tho olub' has ' certainly become a misnomer, as it is now ho more an amateur racing club than, kindred institutions liko the leading. clubs of this and the neighbor-, ing colonies. - . This development has, however,! been brought about by force of ciicumstancos, - cliiof of which is the .gradual diminution in liumber and deterioration in - skill of amateur riders since the timo when no course was too stiff for the Powers, Wilsons, Fenders, Wat sons, Smiths, Inglises and Chirnsides, - whose capable successors hnvo not been found. , ; ' After tho first meeting the venue was changed to Caulfield, and inoroased revenue followed with a rapid influx of members to Buck an ex tent that speedily, far more .funds than wero required for the maintenance of nn amateur club became available. The heath and scrub ' through which but a few years before the kan garoo .and wallaby had been - hunted were gra dually cleared, and step by stepat first, but soon by leaps and bounds, tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club advanced in prosperity and importance. It has been singularly fortunate in the personnel of its secretaries, who have all been sound, prac tical, racing men. Tho club was fairly-; Inuiiolicd on tho tido.of prospority by Mr. E. 0. Moore, . one of tho ve'iy beat of tho old Eaiiarat school of sportsmen, which is saying something. After his melancholy death Mr. T. Fenner hold the position for a while, but it was Under the regime of his successor, Mr. N. B. D. Bond, that Caulfield achieved tho great .-fame-. -'that .is .never likely to desert it. Nothing of wliioli Mr. Bond had the management could fail to' he .popular, . for iio was nature's gentleman. To know him . was to cateem him in the highest degree," . and with . his practical . knowlcdgo . of racing and racing men it would, have been- . impossible for tho club to have . obtained n batter seorotary if they had procured one mado to order. Ho originated, the numbered saddle cloths which have become universally popular, .' except in England,' where the aarao old fashioned conventionality, which prefers false utarts and wuata.of time to tho uso of tho up-to-date start ing machine, .discovered in their use a bogey danger of the dissemination of skin disease. Mr. Bond ' also introduced ladies' . nomina tions for trophy races, ono result of which was tho starting at Caulfield for the bracelet won by The Ghost of tho biggest field on record in Australia. He also lived to sec a paradise established under his guiding hand on tho site of a former wilderness, and the Caulfield Cup firmly established as second only in import- once to tho Melbourne Cup before liis gentle spirit passed away. Following tho suavitcr in moelo of N. R. D. Bond catnc Harrie Smith fortitcrin re, bluff and boisterous, utterly indif ferent as to wbnt impression he left upon people of tho highest or lowest degree, but as straight as a gun barrel, and whose word once given was never broken or retracted — as rude in speech as Othello, and as honest in his riiggcdncss. Bond's gentleness made men delighted to join the club and subscribe to the funds, which Ilarrie Smith took good care should be expended for the club's benefit. As opposite as tbo poles were these two men in manner, yet each in his own peculiarly characteristic way filled the position of Y.A.T.C. secretary with remarkable success. At tbo present time it is held — and will be for many years I hope — by a thorough adept in racing management, who combines in a singular manner many of the principal characteristics of his predecessors, or, moro correctly shaking, represents tho happy medium. The firmness of Mr. Smith and the calmness of Mr. Bond arc so liappQy. blended in Mr. T. IV. Moule that the secretarial chair, which held them ' both in turn,: could hardly; bear a mora suitable sue-, cessor .than its present occupant. Although founded in 1875, the Victoria Amateur Turf Club dates its great prosperity from the establishment of the Caulfield Cup in 1879\. The sum of 200 sovs. was added to the sweepstakes, the second horse taking 20 sovs. nnd tho third 10 sovb.. Nowminstcr won,; with Levant second and Mountaineer third. The winner was ridden by Ycomans, the third by Hales, and omongBt others who rode in the race were the two vydl known Caulfield trainers I. T. Curslnkc and Jns. King, T. Bowlings (who now trains for Sir. J. B. Pearson), Cracknell nnd ' the nf terwnrds successful steeplechase jockoy John Kilduff, who rode 7 st. Ah evidence of tho progress of the Caulfioid Cup it necdonly bosnid that last year the winner, Waterfall, won 1500 sovs., Trenchant 350 sovs. for second, nnd Quiver 150 sovs. for third, and this .year the value of tho stake has been increased to 2500 Boys., of which 2000 will go to the winner. In the personnel of their committees, members of tliocS'Sf£jT&v-genernlly; been nsfortu- secretaries,' and it wqi&d;'Ce difficult to get' together a sounder or m<jrc pmot bp to of Luff (legislators thnn nt present ooiuttltutd tiro club's. executive with one .of-Jtliemost jiopularvfiii' experienced racing iflsnO'ih ; uVtraMnrIir: Herbert ; Power— as chairttfahV—Mrv-i'Poiver, like mr! Norman Wilson, another member of tho committee, was one of tho founders of the club, no two mem bers of which have taken keener interest in its welfare than have these' two excellent repre sentatives of what Lindsay Gordon called " tho old colonial Bchool." The popularity of the V.A.T.C. is not restricted to any class or section of the com munity. All have been studied, and therefore all have reason to bo satisfied. Members receive excellent valuo for their money in the ohnpe of comfort nnd accommodation, hut tho general public who patronise tke.cnclosuroB aro equally well cared for, and so- far from neglecting the patrons of tho fiat the executive lias provided for their, special use a free grand stand, from which a splendid viow of every part . of tho course can he obtained, nnd - a fine shelter shed, which is equally appreciated aB a protection against twin or ex treme bent. , . As . tho club's revenue has become greater tlio stakes havo been inerensed, so owners have nothing to; complain of, nnd it is generally admitted that nowhere in Australia aro .trainers better . treated . than nt : Caulfield, with it3 splendid rand and tan gallops, practice hurdles nnd schooling fences, and on the cvo of an. important race meeting the use of; the couroo propor -for galloping, sometimes threo mornings a week. As all, theso advantages are to ho had in a most beautiful and healthful atmosphere it is not surprising that beforo the big meetings at /.Caulfield i aqd " Flemington trainers from neighboring.- colonies ; evince the greatest nnxioty. to sccu.ro. lopaLri quarters to enable them; to. put their charges, through the winding upprooqsa on. tho. Caulfield; tracks, the oxcoUcnt condition of which, . together/with the well kept gardens nud lawns, 'bear.-; practical testimony, to/the; .diligonco of the ienstbdian. By tho way,; it', must not bo forgotten that to tho V.A.TiO.'1 belonged .tho,.ci?ditiof ihtroduc- ing tho system of rolinridicnppin'g winners' at the discrctioii.of tho handicapper instead of impos ing fixed penalties, tlio proposal having origin ally emanated from .that very, practical member of tho committee, Mr. -Albert Miller.. , Both: the V.R.C. and Y.A.T.O. have for soma mysterious reason, however, discontinued the practice of this most equitable 'system - wliicli; jwkilo in operation; worked admirably! fotliototisfacHqii of everybody jBx'ccpt' a 'fbw/faBdists'whoVarb never happy unless airing" griovances,; imaginary or real ; but generally thb.forihor. ; South, Aus tralia haying" also adopted the Byatom of rohan- dienpping has had tho sense to stick to it, giving Victoria tho go by in this ns in connection with tho legalisation .of tho totnlisatbr. ' Tho system of divided handicaps which tho liite Mr! W. S. Cox first introduced into this colony, , lms found more lasting favor at Caulfiold, "whero it remains popular and well patronised. It certainly lias the advantage of dividing the best horses nnd the second raters into their respective olnauos, by wliioh. means, while tho top sawyers aro not crushed, tho minimum weights havo a clumco which they could not luive witli tlio proverbial postage stamp to carry if placed out of their class. Considering the tenure under which the Caulfield course is held by the club, positive wonders have been accomplished in the shape of improvements, upon which tho .substantial sum of £3-1,31)8 has been expended up' to dntc, wliilo no less an aggregate than £228, 1)55 liashoen paid in stalc'eH aiid racecourse main tenance. . This remarkably well managed and successful institution is in tho 'happy position of having no liabilities. It was safely stcorcd with great sagacity even through that terrible poriod of financial disaster from which the colony has not yet re covered, but during which the funds of the V.A.T.C. wero preserved in safety and entirety, by something more than good luck. On all sides tho doors of financial depository institu tions were closing with a hang, but whenever and wherever tliey closed they never shut in any funds belonging to theV.AT.C. So far indeed from any money on bank deposit having been lost it amounted last year to £3299, and at the annual meeting to he held on Monday, 5th October, Mr. Herbert Power, tho retiring chairman, will have tho pleasure of congratulating members on this amount hav ing been doubled during the financial year just closed, the bank balance now being £0539. As recently pointed out, the financial statement bristles with gratifying items in addition to the above, such, for instance, as £2103 profit from the Caulfield Cup meeting, £081 profit from the Grand National, and— most satisfactory of all, perhaps— £2-112 for members subscriptions. Pages of interesting matter could bo written on the brief but brilliant history of the club, but there is a limit to all things, including an editor's indulgence, and I will therefore close this very hasty and imperfect sketch by wishing members of tho V.A.T.C. a prosperous new racing year, and offering hearty congratulations to the committee, the secretary and all tho .other officials upon their gratifying association with tho most successful racing club in Aus tralia. 