PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The Rev Hume Robertson preached on Sun- day morning from tbu words — 'On this rocj will 1 build my Church, and the gates <»f hell shall nut prevail against it" — Matthew, 16th ch.pter, I8th verse. After referring to the mitmrerw noon rhese words, the preacher stated that the Church consisted of the union of individuals, who were one in their c .mmon love and loyalty to Christ. The Church existed wherever Christ was present. Our Saviour had given us two pledges of His pres-nce, nnd of the invisible union between bclievere and Him self. These pledges were the Holy S.crarnents of the Lord's Supper and Biptism. A Church then may be defined in the words of Phillip Bro-.ks, as the unten of believers outtnirdly" manifested hy tho Sacraments, but having in i-s essence in the personal union of each be liever's soul with Christ. Unfortunately, the idea of a Church as the union of believers is litrie understood by the average Christian of to day. The Church is looked upon as existing for the minister, instead of the minister for the Church. The minister is not tho Church. Nor does the ministry constitute the Church. The minister, clergyman, or. parson is one who has been ctiled by God, specially trained, arid set apart by solemn service to be the servant of the Church. The Church is the pe-.ple, the minister their servant to teach, lead, direct -above all, to serve. But the idea in the minds of many is that the Church is a minister's affair, a kind of spiritual trading concern, run by a minister. I have heard people say when they were urged to attend the public ordinances of religion, "Oh, yes, I will give you a turn." It is unnecies-ary to point out biiw mightily such ideas degrade the divine institution . founded by Christ, which is the hoine. the school, the vohiclo. the outward vi-ible sign of God's efficacious invisible grace, and which is called by St. Paul the body of which Christ is the head. The preacher went on to discuss the question as to whether the attendance at Church or dinances was falling off, and to inai<t up .n the duty of parents not to send but to bring- their children, to Church. What we wanted, it had been said, was a healthy ; public' sentiment in regard io the matter of at eodroce upon God's ordinances. "In-tead of treating the Lord's day lightly, instead of spe iking as if it'did not matter whether or not the ordinance of the Church are well maintained, we ought .to hare a s'roiig public opinion enforcing, so far as it can be enforced, the duty of attend nice upon public worship." Whatever may be the . unite of religion at the present time of ooe thing we may be sure that, as in the past, in the face of bitter persecution, worldly - indifference and much internal error, the Church has advanced by leaps and hounds, nod nothing can stay her progress, because she is divine, founded upon the Rock of Ages, Jesus Christ ; so it shall bo in the future. With her various regiments and ba'talions, the Church is marehing on to a glorious victory, when — "From rarth's wide bounds, from ocean's furthest cast, Though gates' of pearl stream in the countless host, Singing to Father, Son. and Holy Ghost Hallelujah!" 