MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. ASHFIELD -For the East Ward (Summer Hill seat of this borough Mr H. C. Brierley (who occu pied the position of auditor) has announced himself in opposition to Alderman J. L. Upward. In South Ward, Alderman J. Mills 13 belair opposed by Mr. C Stratford. Alderman Robert Dongan is as yet unopposed 111 the North Ward Ex-Alderman Thompson and Mr. A. W. Miller have announced their candidature for the positions of auditors BURWOOD.—The retiring aldermen, Messrs G. E. Russell-Jones (East Ward), W. Archer (South Ward), and J. Stinson (North Want) have again offered themselves, and are at present unopposed Messrs. T. B. Mowle and R. H. Rowe are the S: mg auditors. STRATHFIELD.—In this borough it is thought that Alderman V. Parsons (Strathfield Ward), G. Mackenzie (Homebush Ward), and H. Gordon (Flemington Ward), will be returned unoplsT The retiring auditors are Messrs. H, B. Allard and E. P. Tod. 2" ENFIELD -Those who retire this year are Alderman Lipscombe (West Ward), Alderman Bolster (Central Ward), and Aldermen. Addis (Host Wards For the Central Ward seat Messrs. Hammond Hit shell, Hickson, and West have announced them." selves, and Alderman BOIBIOT may again stead In the West Ward, the Mayor (Alderman Lipscombe! is being opposed by Mr.. C. Cooper. Alderman Addis will probably be returned unopposed for East Co conD.A Aldermen Chapman (Mayor) and W A. Dumbrell retire. The former will again thud' and Mr. T. O. Correy will contest the other seat The retiring auditors are Messrs. V. H Moreton and T. Candlish. FiVE Dock -In this borough (ho retiring alder men are Messrs. Ghost (North Ward), It Maclean (Best Ward), and D. M'lady on (Westward) At auditors, Messrs. W. L. West and E E Cupitt retire. REDFERN -A meeting of the ratepayers of Golden Grove Ward, Redfern, was held last evening; at the Galway Castle Hotel, Abercrombie-street, Redfern to choose a candidate to contest the vacancy at the approaching election, caused by the retirement of Alderman Richardson. Alderman Richards is the retiring alderman for that ward but does not seek re-election There was a fair attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. A. (Smithers. ; Three gentlemen! were not' stated as candidates, viz , Mr Alexander Ogden an ex-alderman, Mr. G. Barnard, and Mr. E J. Pahi'icr. Mr. Ogden said he was quite prepared to submit himself for selection, and if not chosen w as william to retire from the contest and support whoever has selected. Mr. Barnard said he did not feel disposed to submit himself to the choice of such a small section of the ratepayers and abide by the result of their decision. He would reserve is to himself the right to contest the seat Mr. Palmer was absent, but some of his friends who were present stated that Mr. Palmer, in their opinion, had determined to run as a candidate, and they would not take upon themselves the right of saying that he would not run if not selected by the meeting. Mr. Ogden said it that was so he also would consider himself justified in refusing to be bound by the result of the decision of the meeting. He ought be quite we thing to post. pone the matter until they ascertained if there were any more candidates in the field A ballot was then taken by those present, with a result that Mr. Ogden received ID votes and Messrs Palmer and Barnard four each Mr. Ogden was declared told the chosen candidate, and a committee was formed from among those present to secure his return. Arrangements were made to hold public meetings. Messrs. Palmer and Barnard also announced themselves as candidates. Mr. G. P. Wood is also a candidate, winds at present makes four who will contest the seat 