CHATTERINGS. [By an Occasional.] o3l thunderbolt Has struck tne JLrades Mali, Melbourue. The National Defence League will doubtless regard this as an indication of the wrath of Providence. As the Trades Hall Council were sitting when the bolt fell it is a wonder that some of these Anarchistic plotters did not lose the number of their mess. "The incident will, however, doubtless act as a warning, and the N.D.L. in South Australia will be stimulated to still further exertions in connection with the forthcomiog elections. * * * The "Norseman" banquet was very enthusiastic, but enthusiasm will have to be maintained for some considerable time before the Forrest Govern ment will consent to father a railway from Esperance Bay to the Norseman field. The interests of Perth will be studied as long as possible, and the fear of playing into the hands of South Australian traders will delay the corn struction of the railway. Still, it is ouly a ques tion of time. If the Norseman field turns out the gold it is confidently ejected it will do, then a whole army of Forrests cannot prevent the rail way being built.' Besides, the Forrest regime is nearly at an end. * * * The attitude assumed by Sir Edward Braddon, Premier of Tasmania, towards Tattersalls' sweeps is at least consistent. He points out that a State which allowed the "Van Dieman's Land Bank lottery cannot very well on moral grounds object to the sweeps. Moreover, he has had the courage to give it as his opinion that the sweeps have really minimised the gambling evil. This looks as though TattersaUs was safe for a time, but the Ohurches will not rest content with Braddon'a statement of the position. It will be war to the knife how, and we shall see which is the stronger party <>f the two. * He . He "Pencil" in the Kapunda Herald keeps woraying away at thePremier. What will this versatile writer do when he takes his seat in the. House of Assembly, as he most likely will do next Junel It is safe to' assert that he will be "dead agin" the present Government. " Pencil's " latest hero—lie has a host of heroes-— is Mayor Soward, of Gienelg, whom he describes as being "a younger, better read, and smarter man than Mr. Kingston." Personally Mr. Soward is a thoroughly decent fellow, and he is moreover a man of parts, but to Say that he is smarter than Mr. Kingston—weU, that is a point on which even the Premiers enemies will have some doubt. ■■ * * ■ f;-..f:. A temperance orator down New Zealand way recently got more water than be bargained for. He was holding forth on the evils 6f strong drink when the local Fire Brigade happened along and began to play upon the building in which the im passioned speaker was letting off steam. The water drenched some of the audience, who went sorrowfully home,and the apostle of the aqueous fluid had to close his remarks. He likes water all right, but he prefers dently is not partial to impromptu showCr baths. Judge Molesworth, of Victoria, makes some very caustic remarks from the Bench occasionally. Recently the question of credit occupied the atten tion of the Court. " When the storekeepers stop giving credit," said a solicitor, "this Court will disappear." "It would be the best thing that could happen for Victoria if it did, and I had to go to Coolgardie,'- remarked the Judge. There is ho doubt about it that the "tick" system has become a very great evil in our midst, aud the way that our youngsters take advantage of it is quite alarm ing. It is, I am assured, a not uncommon thing for youths on small salaries to run up a bill of £20 with their tailors. How on earth they expect to pay is a mystery. Micawber used to give a creditor an 1.0 XT., and then exclaim, "Thank God, that's done with." But these j uveniles don't even sign an I.O.TL They must be continually in the hope of making a rise, or else, like a friend of mine, they destroy all bills without reading them, and so live to a certain extent in ignorance of their indebtedness. * - * ■ a :''- : 'v:' Here is something that will interestpeople who were recently farmed by the vagaries of an in sensate ass known as " Spring-heeled Jack " " A funny young man at Delhi, N.T., arrayed himself in ghostly garb, and striding solemnly on stilts stopped four female bicyclists in a lonely road. Three of them ran away, but the fourth, Miss Grace Holden, of Jersey City, struck tbn ghost violently in the aide with a cobblestone, and he had to be carried home for repairs." If some such action had been ; taken when " Spring- heeled Jack" was frightening everybody, policemen ir cluded, in the suburbs, there would have been another patient for our young doctors at the Adelaide Hospital to operate upon. The At s tralian girl has got quite as much "grit" as 11 r American cousin, espei^l^v^ to be a bicycle rider. However "Springjieifd Jack" has fortunately vanished. There wasu t room enough for him in a sceptical community that refuses to believe in the godlike attributes of some of the leaders of the Conservative cause. 