MAIL. HKWSu Home Topics and Events. (FEOM OTJB COEEEBPONDENT. ) LONDON, Nov. 29. The great Liberator trial ended yesterday, and we have heard the last for a good many years of Mr. Jabez Balfour and his doings. After the excitement of the feet day or two the proceedings aroused little interest, for the evidence given was of too technical and complicated a character to be readily followed by anybody not versed in all the details of «-mpany-mohgering. But the close of the trial was awaited with intense interest, and when the prisoners were sentenced yesterday not only was the court itself densely packed, but the passages outside were thronged with an expectant crowd. The demeanour of Balfour himself showed some slight change from the impassiveness which he has manifested throughout the trial. He had evidently paid less attention to his toilet than usual. His hair and beard were less well groomed, and he fidgeted about from time to time, addressing brief remarks in a whisper to his counsel. He heard the Judge's final observations with apparent apathy, but twice I saw the corners of his mouth twitch — once when the Judge referred to bis misuse of splendid abilities, and once when the full sentence of 14 years' penal servitude was pronounced. The two other prisoners got off very lightly, for it is evident that the Judge regarded them as the mere tools of the greater criminal. They both looked so haggard and dejected that it was almost possible to feel pity for them — espe- cially for Theobald, who was a man of unques tionable respectability until Balfour drew him into his net, and who has been ruined in health and fortune as well as in reputation through weakness of character perhaps rather than dishonest inten tion. The whole trial has made it quite clear indeed that Balfour himself was the central figure and the master-mind in this gigantic scheme of fraud, and his punishment has been exemplary. A sentence of 14 years' penal servitude means over 10 years of actual servitude, even if he secures his ticket of leave by good conduct, and that is a large slice out of what remains of life to a man of 62. Mr. Morley's approaching return to political life is naturally one of the great topics of the day. When he was defeated at Newcastle, and all sorts of rumours became current as to his probable retirement into literary seclusion, I ex pressed a very strong doubt as to whether thisself effacement would be more than temporary. I have heard too many distinguished politicians de clare themselves heartily tired of Parliament and all its surroundings to take these declarations too seriously. They are meant at the time, for nothing can be more wearying, more disheartening1, and more disillusionising than the ups and downs of political life, but the effect of the rebuffs soon wears off, while the pleasure of the fray seems to have an abiding attraction. Mr. Gladstone afforded an example of this at one period of his i career, and Sir George Trevelyan and a good many other men have done the same. The great point about Mr. Morley's return if he should succeed in gaining the seat for the Montrose Burghs, which everybody regards as certain, is that we shall once more see in the House of Commons the great champion of what may be called orthodox Home Rule. Of oourse all the Liberal leaders, Sir William Hacourt among them, are acknowledged to be Home Rulers, but the suspicion is pretty general that in not a few cases they have other objects more closely at heart, and that certain of them, at all events, would not be at all unwilling to depart pretty widely from the principles of Mr. Gladstone's bill if they could in any way bring about a settlement. But Mr. Morley is Mr. Glad stone's heir in this matter. He puts the Irish question first, and will admit no thought of sur render. TTi'h expected return to Parliament has therefore greatly elated the Irishmen and the ardent Home Rulers, while it has somewhat de pressed a certain section of the Liberal party who are pining fora reconstructed programme, and who are afraid that the ' doctrinaire' views of the ex Chief Secretary may stand in the wjiy. Speaking generally, however, his return will certainly be welcomed by his party friends and opponents alike, for his character is beyond reproach, and he is a distinguished as well as an original figure in debate. A great burden has been removed from the minds of the poorer class of cyclists by an an nouncement made by the Chancellor of the Ex chequer, Sir Michael Hicks Beach has not so far decided to tax cycles, at all events, for his next year's Budget. The county councils and vestries and other local bodies have been working very hard in the matter in the hope of finding a con siderable source of revenue in the taxation of the ' machines ' which swarm upon the public roads, and which promise next spring to outdo anything which has yet been known in their numbers. But the cyclists in this country are very well or ganised, and a Chancellor of the Exchequer who cares for popularity is naturally afraid, however great the temptation may be, of dipping his hand into a hornets' nest by offending them. I do not Bay that cyclists are unanimous themselves upon the subject, as some of them think that licen sing and numbering will have the effect of keep ing an objectionable class of boy riders and ricketty and dangerous machines off the roads. But after all it is the poor man who can afford no other means of conveyance who tarns his bicycle to the most practical U6e, and he would he hard hit by any tax worth imposing. The numbering, which has been adopted very largely on the Con tinent, is certainly only a matter of time, for acci dents in the streets are becoming painfully fre quent, in spite of the fact that by general ad mission there has been a great improvement of late in the matter of care and courtesy on the part of the average rider. No one book of any special interest ha8 been published this week, but , the flood of Christmas literature continues unabated. The most assiduous reader would find it hard work to dip into even a tenth of it, but bo far as my experience has gon» I should gay that there is little falling off in variety or in interest, or as far as the pictures go in xUstio merit. There may be a oertain lack of * originality, but this was to be expected. Since our Christmas story-telling began to attract so much talent on the part of the author and the illustrator —to say nothing of the printer and the book binder, who have turned out some admirable work this season — every mine of romance has been worked to the utmost, and it is not easy for the writer slaving in the dog days to provide amuse ment for ourselves and our children . when the snow is on the ground to hit upon a new vein. As far as I have seen there is a dearth of good ghost stories — and I confess to ' loving* a good ghost story — but on the other hand there are plenty of fairy legends, and healthy tales #f adventure, and so forth, which come as a welcome relief after the deluge of sex-problem novels and other unwholesome productions, of which we have had more than enough this autumn. At the theatres the most interesting event of the past few days has been the long'-talked-of reception to Mrs. Keeley on her ninetieth birthday. The veteran actress — the ' grand old lady of the English stage,' as some of her admirers have dubbed her — seemed in remarkably good health and the best of possible spirts, and her reception was enthusi astic in the extreme. Her voice quite filled the theatre when, standing in front of the stage, clad in a plain ruby velvet dress, she reminded the audience that it was exactly 70 years since, as a ' trembling novice,' she had first appeared on the boards of the Lyceum, which was then known as the Opera-house. The Queen, although of course not present in person, had taken several seats for the performance, and there was a great crowd of distinguished people in the better parts of the house. The interest shown by the general public in the event may be judged from the fact that some enthusiasts sat outside the pit doors for hours on camp stools, on a raw November after noon. 