"THE MESSIAH." The performance of " The Messiah" by the combined forces of the Musical Union, Choral Union, and Cambrian Choir, given last night, has been looked forward to for some weeks by those who appreciate the grandeur of Handel's great work. The choir and orchestra last night numbered about two hundred performers, and the Exhibition Hall was fairly well filled with a very appreciative audience, who braved the threatening weather. From a musician's point of view, the performance causes conflicting emotions. There was much in it that was good, some work that was really excellent, and there was much to which most serious objection can be taken. As far as the choral work is concerned, the combination at times reached a high level, there being an enthusiasm in several numbers which fairly electrified the audience, and drew forth the heartiest demonstrations of approval. The principal objections to the performance were what seemed to be an unjustifiable cutting down of the oratorio, placing solos with singers who were not capable of giving a fair account of the music, and a lack of finish in numbers which require delicate treatment. Whoever may have been responsible for the omissions cannot be complimented upon their discrimination. " The Messiah," with even "I know that my Redeemer liveth" and " He shall feed His flock to say nothing of other numbers-cut out, is much as " Hamlet" would be without the address to the players or the famous ghost scene. Other items might have been spared, and, as events proved, with very good reason from musical point of view ; but the sacrifices made were not at all creditable to the good taste of those who undertook the shortening of the work. The reason for the omis- sions mentioned could not have been the absence of efficient singers. Recent performances of " Elijah," " Athalie," and " Eli" "dispose of any such presumption. Possibly the reason will never be known, but lovers of oratorio have every justifica- tion in resenting an apparently unwarranted omission of two of the finest and most generally known Items from the work. In omitting the fine chorus, " Worthy is the Lamb" and bringing the " Hallelujah" and " Amen" choruses into immediate comparison, there was an equal absence of ( good judgment. Similar ground of complaint exists in the disposal of the tenor solo work. The dramatic recitative, " He that dwelleth in Heaven," and the declamatory " Thou shalt break them" were by no means judiciously disposed. Some of the choruses were, as we have said, really well rendered, while others might be included under the very comprehensive heading of " So-30." The difference was so marked as to prompt Inquiry, when it was learnt that some of the choruses had formed the tests in Eisteddfod competitions, in which the Choral Union and Cambrian choirs took part, and the members 'knew them well. One of the most difficult choruses last night was by far the best treated. The beauties of " All we like sheep" were most effectively produced, and the item was distinctly creditable. The same praise cannot be given to all the choral work, but the lack of symmetry in this respect was unavoidable. Another point In last night's performance may be referred to under the general heading. As a musical principle there was too much organ. In its relation to the orchestra it was overwhelming instead of sustaining or subsidiary. In Handel's day the orchestra was not what it is now, or what it was when Mozart brought the instrumentation of the " Messiah" up to his date, but the suggestion may be ventured that even when the oratorio was scored-in that marvellous burst of energy ยก which is the wonder and admiration alike of all musicians-the organ was not the predominating feature. That the organ . with an amateur orchestra may be used to cloak a multitude of iniquities we can quite < believe, but judging from some of the work 1 which we were permitted to hear last night Mr. Jefferies has considerably improved his band and its members might fairly have been trusted with the duty that was legitimately theirs. The florid soprano solo, "Rejoice Greatly," was in the capable hands of Mrs. Spencer Browne, who fairly revelled in its intricacies There is not much that is attractive in the number, which might well have given way to one of the omitted gems to which we have already alluded, but it was given with polish the singer closely following the Randegger phrasing, which is perhaps the best model we have in latter day oratorio reading. The good lesson 1 taught by Mr. Philip Newbury, when in 1 Brisbane last, of placing the recitative " He was cut off," and the air "Then did'st not leave His soul in hell," with a tenor, was not followed on this occasion. The music is obviously written for a tenor, and Mr. Newbury, a pupil of Randegger in oratorio, might have been accepted as a sufficient authority in the matter, though the ordinary scores give it for a treble, but the change under the circumstances was perhaps wise. Miss Norris, who sang the music, did herself full justice, especially in the recitative, in which class of music the singer is usually at her beat. Miss Norris also did good service in other recitative work. Mrs. Larard gave an eminently satisfactory rendering of " He was despised," the deep tones of her con- tralto voice being well suited by the music, while the intensely religious sentiment of the solo was faithfully interpreted. Miss Mills, whose singing Is always acceptable, was intrusted with " O Thou that tellest, which was carefully and tastefully ren dered. The tenor music quite over- weighted Mr. Daniells, who, opening fairly well with the result. " Comfort Ye" and the air " Every Valley," gave anything but a satisfactory account of himself in either of the beautiful numbers, " Thy Rebuke" and " Behold and See." Of " Thou shalt break them" we have already spoken. The bass music was taken by Mr. J. P. Hammond and Mr. R. Armour. Mr. Hammond sang conscientiously and well, but not up to his usual form, while Mr. Armour, on the other hand, was in splendid form, and gave a brilliant rendering of the air " The people that walked." The choral work was In places equal to anything we have heard in Brisbane for a very long time. The usual complaint of weakness in the tenor part could not be made, for there were some really good voices in the division, and the quality of tone was at times really excellent. The basses were inclined to drag at times, and their tone at the attack was harsh, suggesting unevenness and a pre- dominance of voices that are loud but un- musical. The alto work was better than has been heard in oratorio in Brisbane for many years, and the trebles did really brilliant service. In the accompaniments, the orchestra was better than usual, but in the overture there was a lack of decision and bad tone with the second strings. The famous " Pastoral Symphony" was better. done, but not by any means in excellent style. Mr. Benson presided at the organ, and Mr. Jefferies, as usual, conducted. It has been suggested that another rendering of the " Messiah" should be given before Christmas, which might be found profitable from a financial point of view. 