[Bt the Vagrant.] Vanitas's name baa been taken out of tbe Caulfield Cup list. ? The Victorian burlde raccr, Morago, who ran un successfully at the recent A J.C. meeting, will be shipped for India next week. As I surmised, there is no truth in the rumour that tho St. Albans' colt Eesolute had gone wrong. Wallace, however, is lame. i ? . t—i T7- ? j oi — Tll.:i1S«% The racenovses u.iv. una on occupied placeB in ICeys' stable at Waverley, are now trained at Newcastle by Jim Jewell. Prom Motto Farm word reaches me that the beautiful imported mare Chand Bee Bee has dropped a fine colt foal to the exiled .Trenton. The Victorian ten miles cross country champion ship was won on Saturday by C. Herbert, of Ballarafe, who defeated a field of over 200 runners in GOmin. Gsecs. Orpah, by the Australian Peer from Naomi, who ran second in Tattersall's Two-year-old Stakes to Patriot, is said to have been purchased by Ifee Foulsham, of Caulfield. The fine dividend of .£21 19s waa paid in the totalisator at the Port Adelaide meeting on Satur day, over Longbow, winner of the Trial Stakes. There were only seven starters. That unmitigated blackguard tut superb boxer ' Grillo' is now serving a sentence of twelve months in an American gaol for an assault on a boy under unmentionable circumstances. The erstwhile jockey Bob Ellis, whose license was refused by the A.J.C., is training a good-looking colt called Devoted at Kensington. He is by Splendorfrom Devotion, and came from Motto Farm. MaruBB, who has been heavily backed for the Caulfield Cup, has been giving his trainer, J. Bedfearn, considerable trouble lately. He has developed an abcess in the upper jaw, which is causing him much pain, but ifc is not expected that the affection will last more than a few days now. After a lengthened absence from the public gaze that once brilliant horse Brockleigh made his re appearance under Bilk dt Randwick on Saturday, ?when he carried 9st. 21b. in the Final Handicap. He only looked tho ghost of his former self, and finished last alongside the disappointing Vigilance. There has been some talk at Gunnedah of a match between tho local horaes Laureate and Hilda, and the owner of the former was willing to run for a tenner aside, but as the mare's connection would not look at less than X50, and would not consent to carry mere than Yat., the contest ha3 been postponed pro tern. The Duckenfield-bred mare Peeress, by The Aus tralian Peer out of the imported mare Gondola, continues her winning career in Queensland, her .?rk latest victory being achieved a few days ago in the September Handicap, one mile, at the Albion Park meeting, when Bhe carried 8st lllb, led all the way, and won easily in 1 min. 46^ sees. H. Moses, the well-known left-hand batsman, recently made 89 (top score) and Albert Trott 4 against HampBtead. The young Melbourne cricketer secured seven wickets. In another match for Viscount Curzon's eleven, Moses made 13, and captured four wickets. It was 12 aside, and Spof fotthisecured six wickets. During the race for the Steeplechase at Rand-- wick, on Saturday, Over and Mountain Deer came a great purler over the last fence, and the former was instantly killed, whilst tho Deer had to be shot. Over, who was by Andover, was well-known in this district, where he carried the colours of Mr. Pat. M'Car.thy some seasons back. Major Barbour, an American, is about to under take a very daring performance, a ride on horseback from New York to Paris, via V ancouver, Alaska, and Siberia, a total distance of 1G.000 miles. He will do the journey, which he estimates will take him about 1000 days, on a single horse. The major ia a man of magnificent physique, 52 years old. His Grace, who won tho Opening Handicap at the Cootamundra Turf Club's Spring meeting a few days ago, is a four-year-old gelded son of Tho Australian Peer and Penitent (imp.), and is there fore a half-brother to Penance. His Grace is owned by the Braidwood sportsman, Mr. W. E. Royd, whose intention it is to school him over hurdles. The Lowes Handicap, which we learnt by cable was won by Paris III., attracted a field of 11. The Australian carried top weight, 9st., and started a hot favourite at 7 to 4, G to 1 being offered bar one. The old son of Grandmaster who was ridden by J. WattB, won as he liked by three lengths from Pretty Correct, a tbree-year-old, carrying 6st. 2lb. Tho race was worth .£990. One of tbe principal Victorian bookmakers has laid two wafers of .£5000 to £25 eaoh to Westralian goldfields' residents about the V.'R.C. Derby and Cup. One of the backers wrote to the metallician a few weeks ago, telling him to ' pay the ,£5000 to my wife if I should die from fever in the meantime.' Such a contingency as losing does not appear to have entered this confident juker'a head. The owner of our old equine acquaintance Meater had a tasto of good luck at tha Warwick Farm pony meeting on Wednesday. The son of Tho Tester finished second to Little Misbub in the Warwick Handicap, but as the rider of. the mare failed- to draw the weight Menter was declared tho winner. Kallatina's Bister Wilga, who conceded the other, tvo 22 and 21ib. respectively, was third. A post mortem examination made on. the remains of Malua showed that the horse's diaphragm was extensively ruptured. The aorta, or main artery, was also ruptured, and the hemorrhage from this waB the immediate cause of death. The horseV organs ware in a thoroughly healthy condition, nnd it is surmised that the rwptures wore brought about through the howe's straining himself in some', way. ? ' ' . ' . Ifc has been remarkod on mora than one- occasion that misfortunes never come singly. The expori-. ence of Mr. J. V. Smith, proprietor of the Liuwood Grange Stud, affords further confirmation of the the adage. On the day that Mr. Smith lost Malua, Conjecture's foal to Malua died. Conjecture is one of fcii e best bred of Mr. Smith's mares, and 'had tho foal lived it would no doubt have bean valu able. Ifc is reported that ' Chrii' Mooro will havo the mount on The Officer in tlie V.R.C. Darby. The crack jockey has been offered throe horses in the Melbourne Cup, but he ha3 not yet accepted any of the rides, but it is not unlikely that Moore will ride : Pivot iu both the Cups. The Western district horBe has a great ohance in both races if he keeps I Bound, but he has recently been showing signs of | soreness. j' Another member of our Royal family has gone in [ft *or raoing (status a Dublin paper). Princess Patricia 5, ' of Connaught won the ' Officers' Donkey liace' Is with an animal of her own, at Aldershot, recently. |j So warmly was she congratulated on the evont that H the idea might almost have enterod her pretty head § of seeking her senior uncle with a view to getting on g a match with Persimmon to be decided at the First jj October. When the question of prohibiting early two year-old racing was being discussed at. the annual meeting of the V. R. C., it was not anticipated that the passing of the motion then submitted would bring the rule into operation this season. Such, however, is the case. The new rule has been advertised for the requisite number of times in the Racing Calendar, and has now been in force Bouie days. Ifc has been suggested by the London Sportsman that Sir Tatton Sykes' 12, GOO guineas purchase, Ln, Fleche, be Eent to either Carbine! Carnage, or Victor Hugo. The latter', supposing it to be tho grey son of Chester and Kathleen, iB at present doing stud duty in the Forbo3 district, and I have an impres sion that Sir Tatton Sykes will not send hia high priced mare all the many miles o'er land and sea for a union with him. Locbiel'did best of the sires represented, at Randwick during the late meeting, as he had three winners, whilst Splendor, Robert the Dovil. New minster, and the expatriated Carbine bad_ two each. The following stallions sired a winner apiece — King Cole, Cn'raso'er- Grandmaster, Abercorn, The Mute, Creswick, Grand Flaneur, Richmond, Medallion, Hotchki'ss, Metal, Welcome Jack (N.Z.), and Robinson Crusoe. tJr- to August 8, descendants of St. Simon had won this season in England a total of ~30, 102 in stakes, representing 21 winning races. St. Frusquin was the biggest contributor, with .£23, 3*13, and Per simmon (who has since won the St. Leger) was next, with £15,450. St. Serf (by St. Simon) was second on the list, with j£ll,3G3, and Galopin (by Vedette) third, with £10,025. Grandmaster appears among the winning stallions, Paris III. having won h'm £2810. Honours among jockeys were very equally divided at the A. J.C. meeting, and no rider steered more than a brace of winners. Mat Harris, Austin Delaney, Harry Gardiner, Steve Hendricks, and little Fiauk Fielder rode trfo winners each, and one race each fell to tho lot of H. Keane', W. Walker, H. Cook, D. Cook, W. Delaney, P. Regan, H. 'Farrel, H. J. Thompson, A. Luckman, H. Under wood, James Gough, H. Laycock, A. Cox and E. Huxley. Perhaps the most authentic instance of long life in a racehorse was thit of the famous brood mare Pocahontas. Although she did little or nothing under silk, she was the dam of such well-known performers on the turf and celebrities at the stud as Stockwell, Rataplan, King Tom, Knight of St. Patrick and otherH. She was foaled in 1S37, and it was not until 1870 that she died. Even then a friendly bullet had to be utilised to end her existence, in tho park surrounding her owner's noble mansion. Sometime ago a rumour was current 'in racing circles to the effect that Wallace's half brother Strathspey was the best of the St. Alban's three year-olds, and there were some people who so im plicitly believed the report that they made invest ments on the son of Melodious for the V.R.C. Derby and Cup. However, they parted with their money too soon, for Strathspey has been withdrawn from the Cap lists, although he has been left in the Caulfield Guineas. His etable mate, Bradford, has also been taken out of the Cups. Mr. F. C. Morgan lost his thoroughbred sire Glencoe at Targinnie station, Queensland, recently The old favourite got injured -in soma way in the paddock, and was not discovered till too late to do anything for him. Glencoe was bred by Mr. C. Baldwin in 1879, nnd was got by The Drummer (imp.) out of Gamos, by Telverton out of Blossom, by The Swede, &c.; Glencoe was a very handsome horse, and was a good performer on the turf when owned by Messrs Rutherford Bros. A few of his progeny, could race a bit, hut he was never mated with really high-class mires. During the past nine months Response has finished third in the Summer Cup, Anniversary Handicap, Doncaster Handicap and Metropolitan, and second in the Birthday Cup, in addition to which she dead-heated Scotch Lassie for second place in the A. J.C. Handicap. On figures she appeared certain to beat both The Skipper and True'Blue in the Metropolitan, as she was meeting' them on 91b. and 221b. better terms respectively than in the Spring States, but weight-for-age form rarely works out right in handicaps, and ifc put backers all astray on this occasion. The BalUrat trainer T. Wilson has tired of the jumper Medicine, and has sent him back to Tas mania. He must have been a very expensive horse, but there is no doubt he was a pretty fair animal. His best race in Victoria was, probably, in Daimio's Caulfield Grand National. He ran up to Daimto a mile from home,}but he could not: stand off the dis tance that the Messrs. Gibson's horse could and clear his jump, the consequence being that in taking off with the crack he came to grief. With a stand up, it may be taken for granted Medicine would have given Daimio a good race home. Tlie remarkable development of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, which was inaugurated in Ballarat nearly 21 years ago by Messrs. Hector and Norman Wilson, Herbert Power, Frank M'Leod, E. C. Moore, and A. E. Ffrench, approaches the wonderful, for tho cjub has disbursed the enormous sum of £328,955 in stakes and raceconrse mainten ance, in addition to a sum of £34,398 expended in improvements at Caulfield. Two of the six gentle men who originated the' V.A.T.C. — Messrs. Herbert Pewer and Norman Wilson — are members of the present, committee, the former being chairman of the Club. Ifc may be borne in mind that some months ago an argument was in full blast in England aB to which was the fastefc over one hundred yards, a cyclist or a pedestrian, both off a standing start. In a contest between that wonderful veteran sprinter Harry Hutchins and a wheelman the former won handily in about 10J sees., but in a second trial at Walsall recently the cyclist beat the runner by three yards in a shade better than evens, so that the matter is now apparently settled, for it is well-nigh certain that aided by improve ments tbe cycliBt of the future will be no slower than the rider of to-day. At Dugandan, Queensland, recently Village Belle and Pansy were the only starters in the Members' Race; and Pansy finished firBt after running inside several p ista. An objection on this ground was ?lodged at once, and the stewards came to the con clusion that the race should be run over again. To this decision Village Belle's owner objected, and refused to send the filly out again. But tho stewards 'told him hp coul,d please' himself, but if h« di(l not start as ordered they -would disqualify bim for a term. In the end ho, consented to send the mare to the.post, nnd got beaten. Some Jockey Clubs follow strange rules in Bananaland. .Another Australian bred horse is'now figuring in Hie entries tor English races. This is Sprigo' Myrtle, ?tho Trenton horse that won three- races in Mr. W. A.. Long's colours at the A..T.C. Autumn meeting of 1893\. Sprig o' Myrtle was afterwards Bold at a high figuro to go to India, and ho ran second there in tho Viceroy's Cup. He has beon in, England for soiiiH months, und ns ho runs in the nomination of Lord William Ben-Ht'ord he is probably in the same RtnlVa as Paris fit. ' In a Welter Handicap (ono mile and a half) at Lingfield Ia3t month Sprig o' Myrtle was handicapped amongst moderate' horses at list 71b, the top weight being 12gfc 101b. and the lowest 10st. When Jnck o' Lantern won tho Governor's Cup with lOsfc 51b. at Colombo on August 9 ha had behind hijn Repudiation lOofc. 51b. Norbert 103t. 81b. and others, and with 9afc. he beat Norbert 9at. 31b. a«d Whirlwind 9st. in a cantor in Hie 'Turf Club Plate. Later lie pur, up list. 12lb. in tbe Fort Plate Handicap, ono mile and a half, and won easily from Fenloe, Norbert,' Repudiation, and Harrison, all of which he was giving weight to. Those were his only starts at the meeting. . Little Cromwell won the Galloway Plate with -10at. lib., and tho Cinnamon Gat-den Stakes with lOafc. lllb,, and ran second wi.tb J2at. to Black Boy 8st. 121b. in the Club StakeB. . are the amounts of stakes won nt the A. J.C. meeting : Messrs. S. Horderri, £2125 : J. Mayo, £1452 ; H.. E., A., and V. White, £875 ; W. -e8'15 : D- O'Brien. £794 i A. Hooko, inn., £539 ; R. Craven, £498 j J. Marshall. ^416 W. 5$!% *8®9 j OS: Keys,' £374 i. H. C. White, £341 ; M'CMand and M'Leod, £315, ? J. Brown, £274; J. EaBt, £269 j C. Lincoln, £2GG ; W. Douglas, £2G0 j W. A. Long, £258 ; J. Western, £240; J.Cook, £236 ; S. H. Gollan, £213; J.J. M'Manus, £203; H. L. Mackellar, £200; J. B. Clark, £150;' W. Kelso, £75 ; J. T.' Luckey, E. Ingeraoll, T. Payten, R. J. Thorn, H. S. Gibson, J. J. Cadell, R. F. Port land, H. Harvey, each £50; A.J.C., £12 10a ; total, £12,110. What Mr.( Vowles, the handicapper for tbe V. A. T. C. thinks of the crack Sydney pony Cinder Ellen may be imagined from the fact that hchas given the daughter- of Trenton, S3t 41b in the Toorak Handicap, a concession of 241b from Hova, who was when sound regarded as the beat horse in Victoria at the distance. The mare haB also beon placed on equal terms with the Hawketf bury Grand Handicap winner Right Honorable and the speedy Excel, whilst she ha3 to make allowance to such good ones as Homespun, the Derby candi date Cydnus, the Adelaide Cup winner Destiny, The Captain, and others. Pickles, who is supposed to be the champion ' little*' racer of the sister colony is weighted at 7sfc 91b. In reply to a correspondent who signs himself ' Is that so ?' and who asks me is ifc correct; fch»t Arsenal never won a race before he won the Mel bourne Cup of 188G, I reply that it is not. He won the- Criterion Stakes hb a two-ynar-old at Cauifield on Saturday, March 14, 1SS5, when ridden by Power, carrying 7st 12lb, and owned by the late Hon. William Pearson. He was followed by Lady Claudia and.Ulalume, and amongst the unplaced ones was Melodious, who later gained fame as the dam of Wallace. That event and the Cup were Arsenal's only victories, though ho would probably have secured the Australian Cup won by Trident had not one of his plates turned during the race. He was afterwards sold to Mr. Field, of Tasmania, for stud purposes. Two horses that have been performing in good style lately, Insurance and the Spaniard, won again in the Messrs. Millers' colours afc the Oaklands meeting on Saturday, both being Backed by the public, who, since the turn of luck came, have done well following the red and white jacket. Her three consecutive wins will no doubt send Insurance up to the top of the weights for suburban hurdle races. The Spaniard, whose condition again pulled him through in the Hunters' race, is one of the narrow and lathy sort that is not much to look at, but not a bad one to go. He was, perhaps, lucky in win ning, as Flat Iron, who slipped and fell afc the last fenco, looked like a winner at the time, and Red wood, who had previously fallen, must also have been dangerous. A friend has kindly fcrwarded me a copy of a Perth paper in which a reply to a question states that Frank Robertson defeated ' Scone' Watson about sixteen years ago in a footrace for the championship of Australia. This is an error into which the same journal has before fallen. R. Til TTT„ ? t ? ? ~J. ? ? ,4 X ? tVttbbUlJj WUUac ICwIUcUtO OU tJCUua gttlUCU 4 him the title of ' Scone' Watson, never ran Frank Robertson a match, never evenmet'him in a handi cap, and would have beaten him very comfortably if he had. Watson was only defeated once on level terms, and that was by Aplitt at -Parkes on Novem ber 4, 187G, waen he was unwell ; but he ran clean away from his whilom conqueror in another match on the Maitland racecourse in 1878. Watson re tirsd holding the title of champion. Ifc is noticeable that many sporting men die suddenly and painlessly. Mr. ' Tom' Field went off in a few moments, after having hardly recovered from a laughing fit, created by a capital story. John Lord, the breeder of Nimblefoofc, the Quack, The Pearl, fell into a sleep and never awoke again ; Mr. Blackler had really a very short illness ; Wm. Field, the owner of the mighty Strop, chatted with his family cheerfully up to within a few minutes of his death. George Davis ate quite a hearty dinner, had a pleasant conversation with members of his family, then walked into his bedroom, and died without a moment's suffering. ' Honest' John Taifc had a most; peaceful end j in fact, ha did not know that his illness was serious. Mr. Wm. Field always said that he and old Strop would ' travel the great journey together,' and they died in the same year, the dual champion aged 33 and the squire of Enfield in his 73rd year. A large number of horses wpre submitted for sale in Sydney on Monday, but as the majority of them were of indifferent quality very few changed hands. The first to find a new owner was old Escort, by Chester — Superba, who went to Mr. Wass tor 6 guineas. Sir Philip, by Sweet William — Thomar, was sold to Mr. Hooks for 12 guineaB. Mr. Roberts was the purchaser of H.D.f by Lochiel — Constance, afc 45 guineas. The Gun went to Mr. J. Jewell, of Newcastle, for 47 guineas; but the remainder of Mr. E. Keys' string were passed. - Brockleigh did not elecit; a bid, and he is not likely to ever race again. Troilus, by Honey mead — The Duchess, was secured by Mr. Crowley for 75 guineas j Mr. Wass gave eight guineas for the once speedy Veno, by Idalium from Yolande, and Mr. A. Smith took a five-year- old half-brother oi Ronda at 50 guineas ; Mr. Wass also gavo 10 guineas for Pafchhead, by . Andover, and he was tha-last to be metaphorically knocked down. A certain section of metropolitan racing men aro bestirring themEelv.-s fco-mdeavonr to have Mr. H. A. Thompson superseded by another handicappor, but unless the members of tha Australian Jockey Club committee have lost much of that backbone of which they were wonfc to boast in years gone by the agitators will have their pains for nothing. The A. J.C. is not a body which will stand much dictating to as to the methods it should pursue in the conduct of racing, but to have its handicappor objected to is no new thing : the lato Mr. Scarr had his hitter critics, yet no more capable' man ever adjusted weights or did his duty in a 'mora conscientious manner. . He was decidedly a more c ipable man than Mr. Thompson, but the last-named is just a3 honest -as his predecossor and his recent work shows a decided improvement on hiB earlier efforts. Homeowners who would, handi cap their own horses if allowed to will always exist, and the next best th'ing to doing that important business oneself in to getfa friend to do it. The exhibition of trotting at Brighton on Monday was first-class. In the match between Mr. J. Samuels' maro Hattia S., and the Dnbbo horse Huon, Jun., tho property of Mr. C. H. Fitzgerald, for £400. tha latter soon established his superiority, for he placed lengths of daylight between himself ^and hia opponent shortly after tho word was given, and settled the matter in one act by distancing her, iu 2 minutes 2-l.j seconds, and had he beon pushed a few seconds could havo been knocked off. With a penalty of 10 seconds, which brought his handicap to 40 seconds behind, Huon, Jun., took part in the lime Handicap Trot, 2 miles. His owner piloted thisbeautifully-shapedsonof imported Huon, who was made a pronounced favorite, and though ho was'blooked three or four times he managed to get ' through his field, and with ? a brilliant run at tho ond won in the last few strides. Tho conduct of H. Knight, the driver of Picanninny, in blocking Huon, jun., wa3 investigated by the stewards, who disqualified him from driving during their pleasure. In offering my congratulations to Messrs. H., E., A., and V. Whito upon their recent success with Charge in tho A. J.C. Derby, I, with all other writers whose lines I have seon, made tho mistake of crediting Mr. H. C. White with the purchase of the Carbine colt nnd then passing him on to his nephews — who, by tho way, aro four in number and not two, as generally imagined. Ono Victorian journal went so far as to say that the squire of Havilah presented Charge to his present owners, whereas ho did no such thing. Tho fact of the matter is thnt tho Messrs. Whito asked tlioir uncle, whom they know was about to visit tho Lerderborg sale, to buy them a colt by Carbine, a yearling or a foal, for 200 guineas. Mr. White liked the son of Forest Queen so much that he exceeded tho limit, but purchased him for his nephews for 2o0 guineas. To the noted shrewd judgment of Mr. H. C. White must be credited the choice of Charge, but ifc was the Belltrees guineas that paid for him. I wish Charge wero twins for his owners' sake, and that a blue riband was run for every day. English racing men will, probably, have an early opportunity of seeing Daimio with the colours up, as ho has been entered for the Sef ton-park Steeple chase, to be run afc Liverpool in November. From all accounts Daimio's appearance has sadly disap pointod tho critics at home, but they will probably fall in lovo with him when they see him jumping. The ambition of the Mes3rs. Gibson is to win- tho Liverpool Giand National, which will be run' next March, and no doubfc they aro doing a wise thing in entering Daimio for an early meeting afc Liver pool, so that ho may havo an opportunity of trying the Aintreo country before the day of tho big 1 jumping prize comes round. Tho race for which the Swiveller gelding i3 entered is, probably, iden tical with the Grand Sefton Steeplechase, which usually attracts a good field of horses and is run over three miles. There were 1G starters last year, including Why Not, iEsop, Rory o' More, Ske daddle, and other well-known horses. A. Nightin gall, who will probably havo the mount on Daimio, ran fourth on that occasion with Why Not. The winner, March Hare, was a rank outsider. We will have to cast our memories backwards a long way if we seek to remember an occasion upon which fewer entries were received for a race meet ing at Randwick than those which go to make up the card for discussion on Saturday next. Sixty seven nominations for a programme worth some £500 or £600, is astonishingly poor patronage for the A.J.C., and in it some people profess to read a declaration that metropolitan horse-owners are dis pleased at the handicapping vagaries of Mr. Harry Thompson, and do not intend to be what they are pleased to call ill- nsed by bim any longer. To such, I fancy, the wish is father to the thought, for, as I have said on other occasions, although -Mr. Thomp son is, liko other mortals, a long remove from inful li'jle, I am inclined to believe he is a much better, handicappor than his critics givo him credit for, nnd he is so decidedly possessed of the British sense of fair play and the gentlemanly sense of honesty to do more towards winning races for people than make occasional blunders. And after all every . weight-adjuster either stumbles by the way or is caught napping at times. S&me; horse must win despite the fact that the ideal handicap is one in which all tho starters would run a dead heat ; but natural and artificial conditions would certainly debar that wondrous result even if the whole of the horses were weighed down to fractions. To me tho small entry is evidence that we are having alto gether too much racing, and tho horaes that were not run off their legs at the recent campaign are sorely in need of a rest before they are taken across the border or retained in work to try and earn their hay and oats bill at the weekly reunions around the metropolis. Afc Randwick, this afternoon, Goldstain or Chris should win the Hurdle Race. Hopscotch is very well treated in his engagements, but a win will necessitate putting up a penalty for his southern engagements, and so he may be an absentee. This remark also applies to Gaulus, but I fancy the latter will start. I like Ganmain, Armenia, and Thespian for tho Avoca Stakes. Dora is likoly to account for the Racecourse Stakes; and Gaulus, JEolus, and Redavni may occupy tho places in the Ascot Stakes. Fadladeen and Kelso are well in in the High-werght Handicap. There iB an idea prevalent amongst sporting men afc the English end of the world that the assertions which havo been made by colonists afc home to the effect that Paris.III. wa3 not in the top class when racing in Australia, wero made simply with a view fce enhancing the prestige of the Australasian race horse afc the expense of tho English. The tale that Paris waBn't within 211bs. of the best Waler form afc any time during his six years' career in the colonies was scouted ns ' all blow.' Tho special commissioner of the Sportsman has, for the in struction of these scepticB, looked up the ancient gelding's record, and finds that; so far from be littling Ptiris, the colonials have given him an even better reputation than he ever merited. His races with Highborn and Marvel prove Paris to have been something like 43t. inferior to Carbine. The special commissioner in the London Sportsman, cammenting on the victory of Paris III. in the Lewes Handicap, says: — ' Only on Saturday morn ing I received a letter from a gentleman who ob served in reference to the racehorses of Aus tralasia : — ' My idea is that their very best there is scarcely up to the b'esfc English selling plating form.' This confident belief did not, alas, inspire a single one of the opponents of old Paris III. at Lewes on Saturday to make even a creditable show against him. Facts are Btubborn things, and when we find a nine-year-old gelding, admittedly not up to weight-for-ag9 form in Australia, coming hera and winning three races of an avsrage value of £1000 each, giving weight' to everyone of his opponents on each occasion, what are we to think ? Well, it seems only fair to admit that as measured by Paris III. there is no particular difference between the form of our horses and of those at the Anti podes. Paris III. was a good handicapper there, and that is just what he iB here. The solid point, however, which weighs in favour of the Waler is the fact of his being able to come here and score as he has done afc his age. Where is the nine-year-old bred in England that could bo sent to Australia with similar winning prospects ?' All the same, though, we are too decidedly prone to overlook and under estimate little Paris's many brilliant performances in the colonies. His dual victories in the Caulfield Cup were quite first-class, and vie have so far been unable to find a horse to repeat the deads. The old eon of Grandmaster was certainly not so good a horse B3 Marvel, Abercorn, The Australian Peer, and some other Australian gallopers, but to sug gest that Carbine could give bim 4st. with any probability of success-is to. write unmitigated rot. The horse has yet to be foaled capable of doing that. The public has no occasion to be delighted with the result of its conflict with the bookmakers dur ing the A J.C. reunion, for out of the twenty-four 1 events run on tha four days over which tha meeting extended only eight first favourites won, nnd many of these started at: such prices as to mako the backing of them practically prohibitive to all except the richer class of punters. Tho pro gramme opened on Saturday with the Higb-weight Handicap, for which the'invoBtmenfc of a small com mission served to mako Bonanza, whom report said was very good, first; favourite, but Astronomer, Namesake a:nd others tj.ll had admirers. .However, Bethel, who made most of tho running, was not;in much deihancl, yet she managed to dofeat the fa vourite by a neck, with Namesake, third, in tho smart time of 1'16. . Both secoud- and third wero bred by Mr. Baldwin at Ijurham Court, Bethel being by the' Viceroy's Oup. winner. Metal out of Palestine, and she was, I believe, presented to Mr. Harry Levien, M.P., by her breeder. Ifc was thought that Huret would stay well enough to win tho Mem ber's Handicap, but tho whito- leggcd chestnut is noth ing more than a sprinter, and was beaten by bo(;h Sur vivor and Sabretache, who is a real good colt; iu backward condition. The winner iB by Lochiel out of Melissa. The Steeplechase was of oven a more farcical character than similar events run in this colony, where a good race over big timber is very seldom seen. There wero six runnira, and backers wore about fairly divided iu their alle giance to Confuson and Chris, these being tho only two supported. The pnoo at first was dreadfully slow, in fact Confusion at one stage was walking ? and this seemed to get the majority of tbe horses astray in their jumping, for five of the six came down, and little Reckless was left to sail home at his leiauro before ' old Bushman, who had been down and remounted. The Waverley ' Handicap served to provo what a very fine horse | Mr. Gu3 Hooko has in True Biue, and arguing col laterly through him and Hopscotch, wo may gain somo idea of the extraordinary brilliancy of New haven, against whom tho other two shaped no better than hacks. Mr. Hooko told me fcwelvp months ago that in Truo Blue he was positive ho hnd a better horse than Jeweller, and aa tho big son of Hotch kiss and Rose of Wellington carried 9jt 91b on Saturday and boat Honiton, Leonidas, aud other smart ones after a great race, I can readily believe tho assertion, although Jeweller was a favourito of miuo. When one comes to romembor tho many giwid horses that have beon enrolled as winners of tho Randwick Plato ono is apt to bo disgustod with tho exhibition in tho race on Saturday in which there wero four runners. Tire was generally regarded as tho best of a bad lot, and the son of Medallion and Florence H'Carthy, who is a moro weedy pony, \yon in a canter from Toreador, who beat Newman a long way, whilst Gozoczar wa3 about a furlong behind. When tho horses returned to scale it was discovered that W. Delaney, who rode Toreador, could not draw tho weight, so he vas dis qualified and Newman was promoted to second place, whilst; the Club retained the third money. As tho race was not run within the time limit (5.45), being seven seconds over, half the stakes only wore paid to Tire and Newman, and that was quite as much as their performances warranted. There have been 'slower ' Plates' at Randwick than Tire's, notably Nordenfeldt's in 1SS5, that colt taking 7min. 40sec. to negotiate tho | distance, and when Wycombe won in 1SSS, after stealing a march on Abercorn and The Australian Peer, tho time was Gmin. 47Jsces. Tire is engaged in the Caulfield aud Melbourne Cups, in the former at 7st. 51b. and tho latter at 7at. lib. Rackarock wa3 selected to do the trick iu the Final Handicap, but although tho big Mait land representative ran a good race ho had to suffer defeat from Loch Leigh, whilst the ancient E.K. was third. The winner is by Lochiel out of Lola, and has so far been a disappointing brufce, for although continually showing good work in private he invariably cub lip a duffer when asked a question in public. It was hard luck for Joe Brown that Loch Leigh should for once in a way be in a galloping mood on Saturday. 