Thb Hiusl of Sill ce. [BY Dn. J. H. ROBINSON.] . . CHAPTER XIII.--C ontinued." 'Oh, Eugenia, our poor Ursula is very ill. See how she suffeors,' ex claimed Desires. Eugenia advanced to the bed, quietly turned down the counterpano, felt Ursula's pulse, pressed her hands to her choeks and forehead, looked at her tongue, declared that she was quite feverish, and must have taken a sudden cold. 'Do you feel very confident that it is nothing more serious?' Desiree asked, anxiously. 'I am sure,' annwered Eugenia, looking fixedly at Ursula, 'ethat it comes of exposure to the night air.' A blush heightened the colour of the creole's cheeks. Desiree involun tarily thought of the words written upon the slip of paper. 'Ursula seldom leaves the house after nightfall,' she remarked. 'Servants have ways of their own. They are sometimes as occult as magicians. Their outgoings and in comings are too often as mysterious as the movoements of ghosts,' Ursula cighed and glanced uneasily at Eugenic. ' You aro so learned, Eugenia,' said Desireo, ' pray do something for her if you can.' ' Oertainly,' replied madam. ' I will restore her, although violent inflam mation of the throat sometimes proves very troublesome. I have a famous elixir which, though not so potent as that which confers immortal youth, is nevertheless very efficacioua. You will find it on my dressing-table, Do rothy; run and got it.' For a wonder the spinster obeyed this order without stopping to express an opinion. Eugenia poured out some of the medicine and gave it to the sick girl, who swallowed it eagerly. 'I am confidous that dost will do her business,' asserted Dorothy. 'I shall never disrecollect the way her doctor-stuff infected me when I's down with a dizziness and darkness in the head. The woman afore ye, Miss Desires, which is the madam, could write a Treetice on the Matery Mediky. I know, 'cause I 'tended a female college restitution at the North. Sich lecture as we used to have from eddicated men and knowin' wimming. They make lawyers, doc tors, and ministers of wimming where I used to live. It sounds noble to hear 'em speak of the Rev. Maria Antoinette Josephine Smith, Dr. Lucretria Janeo Brown, Lawyer Ella Ann Jonce, and Postmistress Sophia Matilda Jinks.' ' It must be very nioe,' said madam. 'Why didn't you remain at the North ?' ' Becsuso I wanted to see more of the world, mum. My mind douldn't rest till I'd looked about and seen how other folk's lived; and though I fill an inordi?nat capacity, I wish it to be understood that I've had bettor dayo, am a woman that has looked into the sciences, and understand the natur' of doctor-stuff.' 'No doubt, no doubt,' returned Eugenia. ' But be careful,' she added, looking at the spinster, 'that you do not learn too much.' Ursula's sufferings began to abate. She complained less of the heat and retching. The flush gradually sub sided, and the effects of Eugenia's elixir were apparent. The sick girl took courage, and was grateful for the relief. Madam sat by her a long time, watching the symptoms and ministering to her with the most care ful attention. Before night Ursula was able to leave her bed; but her limbs wero weak, and the Montreuils noticed that her voice was changed; it had a husky and mufl?d sound. De siree observed this change, but be lieved it but temporary; but day after day passed and the difficulty increased. The vocal organs seemed paralysed, ¢ and her once clear sweet voice died to a whisper. The whole household sympathisod with the poor girl, but none manifested a more untiring in terest than Eugenia, who was so per sistently watchful that Desireo could scarcely find a want to supply. She was thankful to her friend, and expressed her gratitude on every fitting occasion. Agreeably to her resolution she said nothing of the paper she had found upon her table, but it caused her many moments of serious and per plexing thought. The visits of Monsieur Lavigne grew more frequent. She anticipated them with pleasure, and enjoyed them with a zest to her quite inexplicable. She knew his ring, could distinguish his stop on the threshold, blushed when she met him. It was some time before she began to analyse her emo tions. She was startled at the dis coveries which she made. She por coived that her feelings had taken the glow of the warmest friendship. Was she sure it was friendship ? Was friendship so earnest, so expectant, so attentive to the looks, words, and wishes of another? She answered, 'Yes,' in the simplicity of her heart, and for a time was satisfied. OHAPTER XIV. YHEREIN DIESIREE AND TERENCE ENTER A CHARMED rALAOE. Monsieur Ltvigne was announced. Monsieur and Madame Montreuil were not at home. Desiree received the visitor in the drawirngroom, and the two, for the first time, were alone together. It requihed all Terence's strength of will to appear outwardly composed. Before him wns the being around whom centred all his expeotations of happiness; she was highly gifted, and beautiful as an angel. He felt the glow, the magnet ism of her eyes. What monkery it sIeemed to converse of the meagre matters of every-day life; it was sac rilege to speak of anything save Desi ree-to look at anything save the luminous eyes of Daesiree. He sprang forward to meet her, then checked and moderated the unguarded implulso. He took the little hand that she proffered, and while he held it a moment longer than etiquette would sanction, experienged mingled sensations of pleasure and pain, that to him were like now reve lations of human emotion ..... She greeted him with the sweet earnestness of sincerity. Terence seated himself, and, his features bo came very pale. 'YYou bring me a pallid and troubled face,' said Desires. 'It is a peculiarity of my organisa tion to be pale or flushed without cause.' Terence sighed and looked im ploringly at Desiree, who was agi tated. 'Few understand- me,' added Terence, arising and pacing the room. ' I.live in a world to which I am a'str'anger. My life is a farce, a cruel masquerade. Not three per sons among all living creatures com prehlend me.' 'Of some existences that is the fate; I know enough of life to affirm that,' Dasiree replied. 'And I am of those fated ones. How disingenuous are men, what mnasks they wear. Desiree, I entreat your friendds'hip, I am dying for your friendship.' He paused before her with clasped hands and beseeching face. De.ireo had never seen him so pale, so earnest, so intellectual, so hand some. Her soul confessed a secret sympathy with his! it gave forth its magnetic music; it responded with trembling timidity to the calls of an elective spirit. She knew not what it was; she was a stranger to its prophecy and its power. 'You have it,' she replied, quickly. Pardon me, bear with me, hear me. I must speak, I canat be silent. You robbed me of myself when you lookl'dd upon me with your starlike eves. Shall I ever forget the time ? You sat in the window; your white arm rested upon the casement. I ap proached, I looked up, I beheld what seemed to be an angel. I was trans fixed; I had no power, no wish to move. But for the very madness of it I would have fallen down upon the hard stones and worshipped your divine beauty. It would not have been sin, but a spontaneous tribute to God for creating such loveliness, for an incaration so sweet, so celestial. You will not, you cannot know how the shadow of your presence fell upon me. Wore I to become the veriest Wandering Jew, and live and roam foreuer, the impress of your personality would go with me to all places and the utmost verge of time. Do not, do not repel me, or frown. It is not enthusiasm, it is not insanity. It is Love, Love, the Un dying, the All- pervading, the Near, the Distant, the First, the Last!' SDuring this passionate outburst, Desiree arose and stood supporting herself by her chair, white as snow, her eyes glittering with light. Terence paused, gave silent homage, and resumed: ' I found a Palace of Love; I went sighing and trembling over the charmed threshold. I shall dwell there evermore, in happiness or misery. Behold me at your feet!' Terence knelt, as to the most sacred saint. ais utterances were deep, impassioned, solemn. She was like a spiritual presence, giving audience to a rapt and inspired mortal. ' I shall go forth direfully cursed or inexpressibly blessed. Oh, the mea greness, the very beggary of words. Desire ! Desireo !' The enthusiast caught the hem of her garment and kissed it. She did not move. She stood like one in a trance, receiving with exalted wonder a new and overwholming revelation. The words ' Desiree ! Desiree!' reached her like the despairing cry of a lost soul; they were full of Love's indescribable prayer. She shivered, she sighed, she looked down upon the kneeling figure; she was terrified at her own power. She spoke, and her voice was subdued to the soft and solemn tones of a Pythoness. 'You have torn the veil from the temple of my soul ! You have opened before me the book of Life ! A world of thoughts go whirling through my brain. You have broken into the sacred chambers of my selfhood with an abruptness that nearly annihilates me. I am bewildered, lost. I am weak, I am woman. How cruel is my peplexity! What can I, what should I say? Arise, arise ! This is pro fauation; this worship belongs only to God. WVhat amI? Iamdust, Iam ashes, like you.' ' I would kill myself,' cried Terence, wildly, 'if I thought you could die.' .' Such language makes me tremble. Be rational, be calm.' ' Tell the felon to be calm when the headsman prepares his neck for the fatal stroke. I read the dreadful truth in your features; your attitude, your statue-like fixedness, your looks, all pronounce my doom.' ' My friend, your transports of emo lion beooloud your vision. You see nothing clearly, but all things in a mist. I am human, I am very, very human. I could wish myself all that you believe me, but can be a woman only; young, a creeping neophyte in tho opening mysteries of life. Bend not such powers to such poor worship. Traiu your strong mind to aspire to some greater height than the 'illusions of love.' ' My hopes, my fears, my aspira tions are bounded by Desires!' ex claimed Terence. ' Reflect; dive down into the depths of your own being. See if you can not find some idol, some ambition that is dearer than the faint and trembling soul of a poorly gifted,unaspiring girl.' 'I have introspected; I have seen, as far as mortal may see, all that is within me. You were, and are there, as much as myself. I cannot disin tegrate, I cannot separate myself from thee.' 'I accept,' answered Desiree, in a lower voice, 'my destiny. Clasp this hand in yours. I enter, trembling, with you that enchanted temple of ages in which all that have truly lived have dwelt; I cross the threshold, sobbing, fearing, hesitating, yet dar ing all. Should your nature prove noble, worthy the trust of a human soul, we will journey* onward to gether; but if you should prove recreant, groveling, sordid, selfish, I will fly from your presence with a cry of ineffable disappointment. But that is impossible! Falsehood cannot dwell in such a temple! Holy truth beam8 from your eyes;un dying fixedness is expressed upon your lips. Lavigne! Lavigne! you have conquered. For good or for ill, for now and forever, I am yours ! ' Terence sprang to his feet, and caught her in his arms. For a moment his consciousness was lost in Desiree. They met like kindred atoms separated since the early morning of creation. They flowed into, they pervaded each other. There was no earth, no sky, no human creatures, no past, no future; but the Present only. They could not speak, they sat down, trembling, and, with clasped hands, gazed silently at each other. CHAPTER XV. URSULA ON THIE TIIRESHOLD. Madame Eugenia Vancourt silently descended to the hall; she had heard a servant announce Monsieur La vigne, and felt an irrepressible desire to be a party to the prospective inter view between that gentleman and Desiree. Had she taken the trouble to ask herself, which she did not, whyshe was so nervously curious, she would have hesitated long before answering. We have said that she had resolved, from the first, to entertain a rooted aversion to Terence Clyde. Intending to use him as an unscrupulous instru ment only, she could see no necessity of admitting him to terms of famili arity. Believing that he was to.play but a sorry and contemptible part, as the unscrupulous agent of Howden, she determined to treat him with lofty disdain, but when she saw him oftener, and noted his brilliant powers of mind, his fascinating address, and his personal advantages, a change gradually took place in her feelings. She passed into a singular state of uncertainty and indecision concerning him. Her keen judgment assured her that he would succeed in carrying out the purpose of Howden, and win the confidence of the unsuepecting Desires; and the conviction gave her an unaccountable inquietude. If, at one time, she hoped he would triumph, at another his utter failure would have been welcome. (To Be Continued) The oldest man in the world, aocording to a German statistician, is a negro named Bruno Gottrim, who was born in Africa, and is now resident in Iio Janoiro. Eruno is believed to have completed his century and a half. The next oldest is supposed to jbo a retired eabmaen of Moscow, who is 140 years old. There are 46 persons above 100 years old in Scotland, 146 in Enland, 578 in Ire land, 78 in Germany, and 2r3 in France. The sea at Timaru (N Z ) was last week considerably streoaleod and sparklcd with dark red, the cause of the disacol,uration beingtho presence of myrild-s of miororcopie creatures. It, will be remembered that there was a simi lar visitation to Sydney harbour some six years ago, and that it hrilled all manner of shellfshl over the whole area covered by the minuto but deadly visitors. 