THE MASTEA OF OLD COURT PLACE; OR, FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST. BY HEDLEY RICHARDS. Author of "Sentence Pronoanced," "A Welsh Princess," "The Omerod Mystery," Eta., etc. CHAPTER XVI.-(Continued). " 'I don't think you will. Dr. Gra hlame has been very much puzzled by her symptoms, and when I tell him this it will no doubt throw light on the matter. Anyway, you can be charg ed with attempted poisoning.' " Oh, Grace, you should have seen 2him; he was mad. I cannot tell you all he said, but he vowed he'd make Alice return to the Place. At last we came to terms. I agreed that she should go back for a fortnight, during which time he should make arrangements for a year's travelling. When he has left England. Alice and I are going t, the south of England for the winter, re turning to Old Court Place in the spring. Then I shall reside with her vobN d citnfy cmfwn cmfa'cmcnfcitc until Martin's return, at the close of next summer. ny that time he will no doubt be better able to appreciate her, for, you know. absence makes the heart grow fonder." "Did Alice agree to this?" " No, she strongly objected to going i back at all, but I told her it would be very mulch better for her to do so, or Miartin might refuse to allow her an In come. At last site gave in, and when the carriage from the Place came I drove there with her, in order?to give my precious son-in-law a further caution. The way she cried, however, when I left her quite upset me, and I was vexed, too, as she let both Downs and the footman hear her say there would be trouble if I left her at the Place. I didn't care so much about Downs; but that footman will be sure to gossip' about it, and I half wish I hadn't taken her back, for there was a nasty look in M3artin's face which I didn't like, and I Alice, poor girl, seemed almost desper ate. as she said, just before I got into the carriage: I "'What ever happens, you will re- t member t wained you not to bring me a back.' t "Oh, Grace"-and Mrs Sturt burst into tears-"I cannot get it out of my head t that she may intend to take her own o life." "Oh, no; Alice won't do that." said Grace. "I don't know. Site seemed just heart- n * broken when I left her, and I keep a wishing that I hadn't forced her to go i back. To tell the truth, the marriage c1 has been a failure, and I wish I'd let her n have Sidney Delaney," she continued. vI "Suie would have been happy then, I. poor girl," remarked Grace, sadly. C "Well, I did it for the best; and I don't i think Martin dare injure her now. Any- I way, I shall see Dr Grahame, and I n fancy this will be a good time to find ii him at home;" and drawing her veil over vi her face to hide the traces of tears, Mrs Sturt departed. h When she had gone, Grace looked at a0 her companion. e 'Do you think she is safe with Mar- bi tin?" ? "For the present, as he daren't try to tl poison her now. Give him two or three nmonths, and he would find a way to get so rid of her; but luckily he won't have l that time. I have got a very good print si -irom that negative, and I am going to it take the train to Scorsby, as I intend it' giving such information to the police as e' will compel them to arrest Martin." th "Then you have made up your mind de not to spare him?" hi "How can I? Surely, in face of what On MIrs.Sturt has told us. you would not lI spare him?" it "If the matter rested in my hands, I ci should give him a chance to leave the ao country, on the understanding that he 4 never returned," replied Grace. "Never!" said aMrs Carruthers, em phatically. Ce "When shall you go to Ccorsby?" ii, "I have been looking at the time table, 11 and I see there isn't a train until four le o'clock, and I shall not be able to get ,, back until eight." s "Then I will have dinner an hour Ii later," said Grace. very gravely. That afternoon, when Grace had seen do Mrs Carruthers depart, she dressed for -t, walking. Ever since her companion had avowed her Intention of giving Infornia- i tion to the police Grace had felt miser- hl able. She had no liking for Martin-nay lil she loathed him--but she shrank from being accessory to his death, and such a do shameful death. At last she resolved that she would warn him, and so give as him a chance to escape. Perhaps,'far away, in poverty and ob scurity, he might repent. At any rate, sic he should have the chance; so, leaving the house, shie set off to pay her first visit to Old Court Place. a Just as she came in sight of the park iw gates she saw Dr Grahame's gly dri'e ha through, and, seeing her, the doctor m threw the reins to hls groom and sprang out. "How is Mrs narron?" Grace inquired, anxiously. "Much better in health. There Is no return of the bad symptoms, but she Is very much distressed in mind. Mrs Sturt th told me she had taken you into her con fidence, so I thought I would tell you i that slhe is quite safe to-day. .Mir Dar- i ron has gone to York, and won'tbe back until half-past nine o'clock. I fancy he as went on pIurpose to avloid me. but all idi the same I shall give him a hint, and of course I shiall watch MIrs Barron's syps- e tomens until he is out of England. I won't e hvare any tricks played," he said, stern ly. 's "I don't think he will do her any In- lo jlury now," replied Grace, very gravely. hi She was thinking he wouldn't have the chance. : -In "Very likely)- not, now he knows Ifat on the alert. Well, good afternoon, tiss Slturt:" and, raising his hat, Dr.Gra home mounted into the gig and di'ove de away, while Grace turned slowly home ward, resolving to pay Martin a visit about ten.o'clock that night. a It would be disagreeable going at such th an hour, but she would do it; he should have one more chance to repent. 5up Meanwhile Itrs Carruthers had ar rived in Scorshby. and at once proceeded 0 to the police-station, where she reqiues th ted an Interview with the superinten- o Ident. and was at once shown into his private room. IIe was an elderly man wlth Iron grey an hair. and kee, inquisitlive eyes, whichl took a rapid survey of his visitor. - '"Mr Kitson, I believe," she said, bow the tng slightly. "Yes, madam." tl And lie walted for her to state her to business. : lap "Before going any further, I.ltave a lto slight alteration to make In my appear- we once, whleh will, perhaps, enable you to 't recognlse me. Iknow you have'seenlme at some years ago,"' she said,as ashe of quietly removed her. bonnet andi veil; stc then, by a skilful movement, she'lifted on the mass of white hair, and showed un Serneath a crop of short cirly lhalr, of pe a reddish gold. her Laying the wig in her lap, Mrs Ca?rru- vel thiers next removed her blue spectacles; los then.' taking a piece of sponge out'of a small satchel, she rubbed the red scar del off her clheek, and a further application mo of it caused the dark stain to disappear, revealing a delicate white skin. pa "Good gracious, Miss Goddard!" e' e ec claimed the superintendent mo She looked quickly at him. aft "You are the first person who has re Coglised me, as every one else has taken the me for my younger sister. But, of course, it is daylight, and the others 169) have seen me by moon or lamp light'" "Then such a mistake might be made, for there always was a very strong like ness; but Miss Agatha-I mean Mrs Bar roil- looledyounger and brighter, if you will excuse me saying so." "Yes, but I have been taken for her spirit, and ghosts are not usually sup posed to look bright. And now for the business which has brought me here. I have come to give information regard ing my brother's murderer." HIe started. "Do you mean to say" that you know who killed Captain Goddard?" "Yes, Martin Barron shot him." "I suppose you have proof to support your statement, Miss Goddard?" '"Yes, ample proof of the murder, also A of the abduction of Phyllis Blount." "Good gracious!" he exclaimed, now fully on the alert. :"Yes, but before making a statement I must ask you to address me, for the present, as Mrs Carruthers. I am living with Miss Sturt as companion, and not wa- ishing Martin Barron to recognise me, ,y Iadopted that name and disguised my self." "Do you mean with Miss Sturt, of the Gables, Wolferdene?" he asked. ."Yes; I wanted to gather a little more evidence, and I thought I could get It n if I came to Wolferdene disguised. Let 11 me see, you had charge of the case, and e will of course remember tie details?" "e "Yes. I remember them perfectly well." ft CHAPTER XVII.-A TRAGIC DEED. me "You will remember that the bullet which killed my brother -was a very 10 small one, such as would only be used r In a vory stnpll revolver ,therefore couldi Ic similar bullets, or a weapon into which if they fitted, have been discovered, it to would have been a strong piece of evi r. dence against the person in whose pos rt session they were found," said Mrs Car ruthers. "Of course it would," replied the g superintendent. ie "Then there was a silver sleeve link Ir found, and tile police exerted thenm I- selves in vai'n to trace the fellow to it," n she said. I "Quite right," Ihe said. bowing. y "Then I can give you some Informa- I tion rlegrding these items, but first 1 1 read that letter;" and Mrs Carruthers 1 , handed it to him. e It ran as follows: ' "Dear Mande,-For some time I have been the victim of conflicting feelings. Knowing what I do I have felt'that I Sought to reeal it and let Clifford's mur n del:r be brought to justice; but he Is m by husband, and at onetilme I lovedI d him above any human being. You will understand something of the conflict I o which has gone on inl my mind, and at last unable to decide tile matter, I have \- resolved to leave it in your hands. I e am leaving England for ever; it is my I intention to settle in San Francisco. 0 Mrs llolden's sister, who is returning r I to her home there, has offered me a post r a as companion, which I have gladly ac- 1 cepted. SWhen I Ram far away you call maket what use you like of the following state- t \- ment, and the proofs of Martin's guilt. p which I leave with Lady Cathcart, who a will handl them over to you when re quested. I should never have brought my mind to this course save for the vile insinuation, which I have repeatedly Sheard, that our father had murdered Cifford. A little while before the ter rible tragedy happened, Martin showed me a revolver. so small that it was al most a toy, saying that he had bought I it when travelling in Germany the pre Svious summler. I asked why he car I ried it, and he said that in the winter F he had been attacked by a poacher, against wilom he had at one time giv- I en evidence, and the man had vowed to be revenged; so lie thought it was as a well to be prepared, and though small, t I the weapon would do deadly work. Shortly after our marriage I found some half dozen small bullets in Mr 11 Barron's dressing case; they were in a y small cardboard box, and enclosed withl n them was a silver sleeve link. At the 3 tll,ne tlthnucnht nothing of it, and did not even mentioii to MIarti. that-.naaoec.51, them!* After hearing of Clifford's mur- h der, however, and that the bullet which h had killed him was an exceedingly small one, I remembered the box, and before leaving the house possessed myself of v it. You will find it in Lady Cathcart's charge. That you may be guided to alt justly and wisely is the prayer of your heartbroken sister, It AGATHA. P.S.-Smlthers, the gamekeeper at Old re Court Park, can testify to Martin hav- p ing possessed a pistol such as I describe IIo could have told us to whom tile bul- s: lets belonged if he had chosen, but he was not questioned at the inquest. The b sleeve-links. were given to 'Martin by it his cousin, Lucia Dare, who was in S; India at tile time of the murder. No ci doubt she would recognise them from -the description given in tile English r papers; but Lucia, who before her mar- G riage had a Weakness for Martin, would tl hold her peace, particularly as she dis liked Clifford. ft The superintendent laid the letter f down. "Is Mrs Dare still in India ?" ie asked. e "She is on her way home." a "Very good. Nosy, have you the . sleeve-link and the bullets ?" o0 Mrs Carruthers opened her satchel. b and took from It a small cardboard box, a: with an elastic band round it, and, re moving the band, she opened it, and handed the superintendent half a dozen tl small bullets and a silver sleeve- link. a Ie looked at them carefully; thlen, p crossing the roomn, he unocked a drawer, from which he took a bullet and a sleeve- o link, which he compared withl those Mrs Carruthers had given hintm. "The sleeve-link matches exactly, and the bullets are identeial," he said, as he crossing a room, he unlocked a drawer, which he locked and then returned to Ils seat.. o "Do you recognise this ?" she said, ci as she placed the photograph of the hi idiot girl in his hand. u "Why, It is Phyllis Blount! I knew her well, as your father, Sir Charles N Goddard, had known my father, who d was a surgeon, and he very often al lowed me to have a day's shooting on la his estate. On these occasions I always le had lunch at Blount's, so'I knew Phyllis intimately." c ·"'Very well; she is living at Old Court .Place." "Never !" exclaimed the superinten- oi dent, now completely taken aback. ' S"It is true." - And Mrs Carruthers told ail shecknew s about, the idiot gIrl. -and her suspicion that she was confined in the tower. "But it is said to have been bricked up," he replied. "I am certain there is a way into i, and I believe you will find the revolver there. I suppose you will arrest Mr Cf Barron?" she said. In He considered a minute or two. "Well, yes, on the two counts-murder and abduction." "When shall you arrest him ?" G "To-morrow morning, early; I will get the warrant to-night." C S"Then I think my business is con cluded, and I suppose you won't object to me making a little alteration in my to appearance ?" she said, as she crossed to the mantelplece, over which a mirror was placed. le :'The superintendent watched her take a couple of bottles containing liquid out co of her satchel, and she proceeded to i stain her face and place the red scar on It The operation was quite artistically A performed, and by'the time she had got or her spectacles on, and her bonnet and vell adjusted, the superintendent was lost in admiration. "You make up better than any female detective I ever saw,"-he said as she m moved towards the door.- - an S"Yes, I have found it necessary to be ni particular, or Mr Barren would have - recognlsed me, Then early to-morrow an morning you will- arre;t him. - Good us afternoon, Mr Kltson." . hie "Good afternoon, madam." then as an the door closed on her.he thought : - "I would sooner have that woman for dei my friend than my enemy. How. she thi avus na?t Barron ! And after all he did e, It. W?ell, I always suspected him, and \- now I must see about the warrant." \- When Mrs Carruthers leached the SGables it was nearly eight o'clock, so hastily changing her dress she Joined ' Grace in tile dining-room. S During dinner there was very little e conversation, as it was impossible while Sthe butler was present, to discuss the subject which engrossed both their minds. When they adjourned to the drawing-room, however, Grace inquired the result of her interview with the superintendent of police, and learned . that Martin would be arrested early the next morning. o The next hour passed wearily. Grace was oppressed by the awful doom which v threatened the man who had once been so much to her, and she longed to be t free to warn him; but she was afraid e of rousing her companion's suspicion,M t therefore, it was not until a little after Sten that she ventured to retire, know , Ing that Mrs Carruthers would soon -follow her example. Then the house would be closed for the night, when It t was her intention to slip'out of the side door and make her way to the Hall. e Nor was she disappointed, as Mrs Car t ruthers 't once rose, saying that she t might as well go to bed, though she I couldn't sleep. The butler, knowing that the ladies had retired, at once extin Sguished tile lights and saw that all was safe.for tle night. Grace heard him doing all this as she sat near her dressing-room window, and very soon the house was quiet. Then she rose. and wrapoine herself in a long dark cloak, she put a snug-fitting toque on her head. As she opened the door of liertroom, she heard-the hall clock chime tle quarter to eleven, and she started with dismay. What If Martin had retired ? Then she remembered that he would not have reached home until nearly ten, and he was one who always sat up late, so why need she fear this night would be an exception ? Feeling somewhat reassured she stole down the staircase, across the hall, and passed out of the side door. Once out side the grounds she hastened on, con gratulating herself that the moon had not risen, and that the night was un usually dark, not that she had much fear of meeting' any one, as the villagers usually retired early. Now, Grace had never been to Old Court Place, but she had seen the side entrance to the park-the one by which Mrs Carruthers had entered the night she frightened Martha Gee--so she turn ed her steps in that direction, as she knew the principal gate would be secure ly locked. It was a good walk to this side gate. and by the time she passed the church, the clock was striking eleven. In the park she had to pause and consider in which direction the house stood, and now the darkness was a disadvantage, as she had to proceed with caution, lest she should get out of her way. It was with a feeling of dismay and fear that she heard a distant clock chime the half-hour after eleven. "I must be near the house, and prob ably it was the clock on the stables," she thought. Her surmise proved correct, as in a minute or two*She saw the outline of a large building, and shortly she came to the low iron side of the house. Standing still she scanned the house carefullybut no lights were to be seen. Then, after all, she was too late, and Martin would be handed over to justice. Perhaps. however, he might happen to be In a room on the other side; and with this reflection she turned round, and, passing the front entrance, stepped on to the velvety lawn, which stretched along the other side of the house. Just then the clock chimed the quarter to midnight. In another moment she saw a flood of light which fell from a window a few yards further on. Evidently some one was up, and it could not be any one but Martin. It was a minute's work to reach that w5,iiLn-, -*. --h..was almost there when her arm was tightly -graspea --ana-I hoarse voice said : "What are you going to do ?" Grace started as she recognised the voice of ,Mrs Carruthers. "What are you going to do ?" she re peated, holding Grace with a firm grasp. "Warn Martin. He is a bad man,but let him go away and repent.," "You shall not do it He would never repent. Come away;" and she tried to pull Grace back. "I shall give him the chance," she said, struggling to free herself. "You shall not. Do you think I will be baulked of the revenge to which I 1 looked forward for so many years ?" said Mrs Carruthers, in a tone of con centrated passion. While she was speaking,her grasp had relaxed a little and with a strong effort 1 Grace wrested herself free, and flew to the window; but before her companion could reach her, a piercing shriek burst fromiher, and as Mrs Carruthers sprang forward Grace pointed into the room. It was an awful sight that met their eyes. The blind was drawm up, and in an easy-chair facing the window sat Martin Barren with his head reclining on the leather-cushioned back, while the blood oozed from a wound in the breast, and trickled to the floor, where it fell with an Incessant drip, drip. . Evidently he had been smoking when the fatal blow was given, as one hand which lay on his knee still grasped his pipe. "Is he dead?" asked Grace, in a tone of awe. "Yes; he has escaped the hangman's hands," she replied, without a touch of pity in her voice. "Is it murder?" said Grace. "Yes. He would never have taken his own life," replied Mrs Carruthers. "But, come, it won't do for us to be seen i here;" and she drew Grace's arm thro ugh her own. "You won't leave him so? We had 'etter rouse the house and send for a doctor,'" said Grace. "Are you mad? The murder would be laid on us. Cdme;" and Mrs Carruthers led her away. "Wihp can have done it?" exclaimed Grace. "Perhaps that poor girl, Phyllis Blount. But, come, wve niust be quick I out of the park," said Mrs Carruthers. As she.knew every Inch of the ground, 3 they reasched' the gide gate in a much shorter time than It had taken Grace in going. By this time the moon had be come visible, and they hastened through the village, feeling thankful that the good people were sound asleep. Just as they reached the church, however, they came full upon a man who was walk ing quickly, but not too quickly to prevent him bestowing a good look upon them. "That's Purvis, the groom at the Golden Lion. I'm afraid he knows us. If so we may expect trouble," said Mtrs Carruthers. a "Do you mean they may connect us I with the murder?" asked Grace, in a f tone of horror. - : "I do, with good reason." t "But you can prove that I am guilt less and I can do the same for you." "I know you are Innocent, but I couldn't prove it. You might have been Ih that room and killed him before I saw you, or I might have done it for g anythlng you know to the contrary." At these words a terrible fear took hold . of Grace, and laying her hand on he: companion's arm, she said: g "But you didn't do It?" ' I "I? No! I would have not been so d mercifuL He should have been tried e and hanged if I could have had my a will. His doom has been too mercifuL" d -"Oh, don't.say .that; he shed blood, a and- he hasdided. a violent death. Let us forgive tlle.wrong he .did us,:now that he has. passed away.; from both ourmercy and. anger." '.' :.-: .:..: Ai? Grace spoke they entered the gar den, and in -a few minutes passed through: the.side door Into the bohnie I _-" ups'a..n ur.atae arw a er e -. 1 panion into her dressing-room. "What made you go to Old Court Place?" she asked. "Because I mistrusted you. I knew you pitied Martin, and I thought you inten. ded to warn him. I knew he had been away, so that you had not had the chance, and I felt sure yot would not let the lateness of the hour stand in your way if you decided to do it. Conse. quently I sat up and listened, with the result that I heard you go downstairs, then I got my cloak and bonnet and fol. lowed-you, but I saw Dr. Grahame ahead of me, and I had to wait. Still, I reached the house fully five minutes before you did. I expect you went a roundabout way." "What were you doing all that time ?" asked Grace, vexed with herself as again a feeling of suspicion arose. "I waited near the entrance. I felt sure when you saw no lights on that side of the house that you would come round to the other, and while I was standing there I heard a step and saw a man cross the grass in the direction of the Lodge. I thought you might have got there first, and Martin be already on the wing, so I followed him, and got near enough to see that he was too broad and stout for Martin. Then I turned back in time to meet you." "Do you think that man was the mur derer ?" "I don't know. Martin was a man to make enemies. but I don't intend to say anything unless it is necessary. We must be very careful in the morning not to let the servants know that we have heard of the murder, or we may land in I ,ery awkward position. And no: rood night." "Gcod night;" and they pariec. (To be Continued.) 