THE LONG HOD POLE. Tho facts hero related took plnco in tho northwestern part of Mnlno about the .year 4*'30; and although X was at that timo very young, indeed a mero child, yot ‘tho peculiar character of tho circum stances^ tho neighborhood oxcitoniont and 'tho sad ’consequences which followed ' mado-an impression-' upon,.my mind that soems as fresh today ns it (lid moro than CO years ago. A few miles from my fatjigr’s old farm tkero lived two well to do farmers whom wo will"call "John ahd'Calvin. They wore related by way of marriago and wore onco great friends, but_ at tho time my story commences they wero most invoterate on cmics. Their farms lay sido by side on tho county road, somo few miles from the Androscoggin river, Eor many years they cut their hay in"silence, oacli ono mowing ! down -to tho dividing line with tho preci sion of a master mechanic. Each owned a hundred rods, and.through a part of the meadow ran a brook,-which, like most meadow brooks, was very crooked. Now, JoTin thought it would "be an ex cellent plan to ditch his 100 rods, making ' tho bfoolT'straight, and thereby saving much land ,and . making his field more convenient and productive. So he con tracted with a man named Redman to dig 100 rods of d'itch at $1 per rod, beginning at thoiower lino.of _his farm and follow-, ing down tho stream to Calvin’s line. Redman camo, and with his two grown up boys ho wont merrily to work and John made. .him. a rod .polo, for the occa sion; but, being of a treacherous disposi tion, ho made tho measure a dozon inches longer than-usual, that .ho might got a good return. In this ho did not foil. Redman worked diligontly for some, days. Calvin was interested in the opera tion and carefully watched tho proceed-, ingS, oftoh asking Redman how many' rods ho had accomplished and always get ting an honest reply. Ono day, as he !eai)cd;upon-his scythe,-Ite-oalled: “I say, Redman, how many rods, have you gofalong?” ' - “Eighty." “Eighty! Well, you’ro getting aloDg fast." Now, Calvin saw at onoo that he was far too near his lino for SO rods, and, musing . upon tho circumstances, ho decided thefe ' must bo a mistake. Knowing John so well, ho began to suspect, as ho considered tho subject further, that John might be trying to defraud Rodman, so dropping ills soytho and crossing tho lino he sat down near the rod polo and took off his hat to cool and rest himsolf. _ “I say, Redman, this is hot weather." ; While so sitting ho took oooasion to, measure the polo which John had made, and to. his delight ho found it was just one| foot too long. Now, lioro was fun for Cal-, vin. Hero was a chance to plague his en-, ' omy. Did lie go and tell Redman? No,: not ho. He laughed quietly in his sleeve and waited for Redman to finish his work. This was dono, and the honest diggor pre sented to John his bill for $100, received his money, and wont his way. Vory soon after this was accomplished Calvin discovered, to his great surprise and indignation, of course, that somo "one had been trespassing on liis meadow by digging a ditch about 100 foet long near tlio line which separated his land from John’s. Sending to John, -ho demanded if that ditch was dug by liis authority. John, not suspecting any trouble, replied that it was. Receiving this nnswor, Cal vin at onco. started for the town and laid Ills easo before the village lawyer, who at onco saw that John hndc'ommittcd a great wrong, known to the law as willfully trespasslng on the land of a neighbor. A writ was accordingly made out, and tho; deputy sheriff of tlio county, ■ so muoh dreaded in those times, soon mado his ap pearance boforo John; attached his proper ty for tlio damago dono to Galvin’s laud; and summoned him to appoar and show causo. John was astonished. Ho visited tho field " and saw at a glance that tho ditch was far over tho lino, and now for the first •time the awful thought flashed upon him that in making Ills rod pole ono foot too ' long he had actually dug 100 feet into Cal vin’s land. Ho stood aghast and then' hastened to find the rod pole that ho '■ might destroy tho proof of ibis guilt, but it was not to be found. Ho could not un derstand where it bad gone; but when be appeared in court there that ghost of a rod polo met his astonished view. How it came there none but Calvin know, and ho was silent. Tho case was soon tried, and a verdict of guilty was rendered, with nominal damago and cost of court. This, with tho ad van tago of his enemy and tho withering rebuke of tho lawyers, was a terriblo retribution for poor John. But moro was yot in storo. Redman saw, by the ovidenco at court, that be had been cheated out of 100 feet of ditch actu ally dug, so ho commenced suit ;againsfc John. Again camo tho slierifl, again lio went to court, and again ho receivod tlio cold cuts of tho attorneys and the sneer of tho people, with tho verdict of guilty and tho order of full pay to Redman and tho costs of court. And yet more was in store for lilm. Tlio long rod pole was still kept for another use, the worst of all, for now tlio church, of which John had been to all outward, appearances an exemplary member, took tho caso in band and expelled him from thoir communion and fellowship.... Thus did tho biter get bit. Thus swiftly did tlie retributive justice of God overtako tho poor cheat who secretly tried to rob a poor honest man of tlie fruit of his toil. Tho wretched John never heard tho last of Ihe.long rod polo. It was the .standing joke for a generation, and, although nearly "nil the’actors have long since settled their accounts with that Being who measures 'all things justly, the lesson still remains and should teaoh us that in all our deal ings with our brother man God will only prosper us whan wo deni honestly and justly. Wlion tempted to do otherwise, let.us remomber tlie story of John, who made his rod polo too long.—Exchange. 