A Terrible Secret ; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHERON. By MRS MAY AGNfS FLEMING- Author of "A Woman's Hand," A Wonderful Woman," " Wed, Yet No Wife, &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XV.— (Continued). "It is made with a court train, trim med with a deep flounce, wave in the lower edge, and this flounce is trim med with four narrow flounces, edged with narrow noint iace. The sides are en rovers, with sashes tied in butterfly bow in the centre of the back, below the puffing of the skirt near the waist. The front of the skirt is trimmed to correspond with the train, the short apron, flounced and trim med with point lace, gathered up at the sides, under the revers on the train. The waist is high in the shoulder, V- shaped in front and back, with small flowing sleeves, finished with plaitings of white silk tulle. And now," cries Trixy, breathless and triumphant, " if that doesn't fetch the baronet, you may tell me what will. The pearls are su perb. Here they are. Pearls are en regie for weddings only, but how was poor pa to know that ? Aren't they lovely ?" They lie in their cloudy lustre — neck let, earrings, bracelet. "Lovely!" Edith repeats; "lovely in deed. Beatrix, what a fortunate girl you are." There is a touch of envy in her tone. Beatrix laughs, and gives her a third hug. "Why ? Because I have pearls ? Bless you, they're nothing. You'll have diamonds beyond counting yourself, one of these days. You'll marry rich, of course— brunettes are all the style now, and you're sure to look lovely by gaslight. What are you going to wear to-night ?" " I'm like Flora M'Flimsey," Edith laughs. " I have nothing to wear. There is a white Swiss muslin in my trunk, but it will look rustic and dow dy, I'm afraid, in your gorgeous draw- ing-rooms." "Nonsense ! Plain Swiss is always in tasie for girls of eighteen. I wore it much my first season. Do you know, I fee! awfully old, Edith— twenty-one to night ! I must do something towards settling before the year ends. Let us see the white Swiss. Now, there is a lovely amber tissue I have — it isn't my color. I never wore it but once, and it would suit you exactly. Lucy, my maid, is a perfect dressmaker, and could alter it to fit you easily before Now, Edith, you're not angry ?" For the color had risen suddenly all over Edith's proud, pale face. " You have made a mistake, Miss Stuart, that is all — meant kindly, I am sure. If my white muslin is admis sible, I will wear It; If not, I can keep to my room. But neither now, nor at any future time, can I accept — charity." Trixy gave a little shriek at the word, and inflicts a fourth hug on Edith. She is the soul of easy good-nature herself, and ready to take anything and every thing that is offered her, from a hus band to g. bouquet. " Bless the child !" she exclaims. "Charity ! As if any one ever thought of such a thing. It's just like me, how ever, to make a mess of it. I mean well, but, somehow, I always do make a mess of it. And my prophetic soul tells me the case of Sir Victor Catlieron will be no exception to" the rest." The day wears on. Edith drives down town shopping with Madame and Mademoiselle Stuart. She returns and dines In state with the family. The big, brown house is lit up from basement to attic, and presently they all adjourn to their rooms to dress. "Don't ask me to appear while you are receiving your guests," Edith says. . -Commence Publication February 1.). " I'll step in unobserved when every body has come." She declines all offers of assistance, and dresses herself. It is a simple toi let, surely— the crisp white muslin, out of which the polished shoulders rise ; a little gold chain and cross, once her mother's ; earrings and bracelet of gold and coral, also once her mother's ; and her rich, abundant, blackish-brown hair, gathered in a graceful way pecu liar to herself. She. looks very pretty, and she knows it. Presently sails in Miss Stuart, resplendent in the pink silk and pearls, the "court train" trail ing two or three yard's behind her, her light hair "done up" in a pyramid won derful to behold, and loaded with came llias. "How do I look, Dithy? This straw berry-ice pink is awfully becoming to me, isn't it? And you— why, you look lovely — lovely. I'd no idea you made up so handsome. Ah, we blondes have no chance by gaslight against you bru nettes." She sweeps down stairs in her rose- colored splendor, and Edith is alone. She sits by the open window, and looks out at the night life of the great city. Carriage after carriage roils up to the door, and somehow, in the midst of all this life and brightness and bustle, a strange feeling of loneliness and isola tion comes over her. Is it the old chro nic discontent cropping up again. If it were only not improper for Charley to come up here and sit beside lier, and smoke, in the sweet spring dusk, and be sarcastic, as usual, what a comfort it would be just now. Somehow — "how it comes let doctors tell'- — that restless feeling of hers is lost when he is by her side — never lonely, never discontented then. As she thinks this, innocently enough, despite all her worldly wisdom, there is a tap at the door, and Lucy, the maid, comes smilingly in, holding an exquisite bouquet, all pink and white roses, in her hand. " Mr Charles' compliments, please, miss, and he's waiting for you at the foot of the stairs when you're ready, miss, for the ball-room." She starts, and colors with pleasure. "Thank you, Lucy," she says, taking the bouquet. "Tell Mr Stuart I will be down in a moment." The girl leaves the room. With a smile on her face it is just as well "Mr Charles" does not see, she stands looking at her roses; then she buries her face, almost as bright, in their dewy sweetness. "Dear, thoughtful Charley!" she whis pers, gratefully. "What would ever be come of me, but for him?" She selects one or two bits of scarlet blossoms and green spray, and artisti cally twists them in the rich waves of her hair. She takes one last glance at her own pretty Image in the mirror, sees that fan, lace handkerchief, and adorn ment generally, are in their places, and then trips away and goes down. In elegant evening costume, looking unutterably handsome, and well-dress ed, Mr Charles Stuart stands at the foot of the grand staircase, waiting. He looks at her as she stands in the full glare of the gasaliers. " White muslin, gold and coral, with pink roses, and no chignon-' My dear Miss Darrell, talcing you as a whole, I think I have seen worse looking young women in my life." He draws her hand through his arm, with this enthusiastic remark, and Edith finds herself in a blaze of light and a crowd of brilliantly-dressed people. Three long drawing rooms are thrown open, en suite; beyond Is the ball-room, with its waxed floors and invisible jnu- .. sicians. Flowers, gaslight, jewels, handsome women, and gallant men are everywhere; the band is crashing out a pulse-tingling waltz, and still Edith hears and sees, and moves in a dream. "Come," Charley says. His arm is round her waist, and they whirl away among the waltzers. Edith waltzes > well, so does Charley. She feels as though she were floating on air, not on earth. Then it is over, and she is be ing introduced to people, to resplendent young ladles and almost equally re splendent young men. Charley resigns her to one of these latter, and she glides through a mazurka. That, too, ends, and as it grows rather warm, her part ner leads her away to a cool music- room, whence proceed melodious sounds. It is Trixy at the piano, informing a select audience in shrill soprano, and In the character of "The Queen of the May," that "She had been wild and wayward, but she was not wayward now." Edith's partner finds her a seat and volunteers to go for an ice. As she sits fanning herself, she sees Charley ap proaching with a young man of about his own age, taller than he is— fairer, with a look altogether, somehow, of a different nationality. He has large blue eyes, very fair hair, and the blpn- dest of complexions. Instinctively she knows who it is. "Ah, Edith," Charley says, "here you are. I have been searching for you. Miss Darrell, allow me to present you to Sir Victor Catheron." CHAPTER XVI.— UNDER THE GASLIGHT. Two darkly solemn eyes look up into Sir Victor Catheron's face. Both bow; both murmur the pianissimo Imbecility requisite on such occasions, and Edith Darrell is acquainted with a baronet. With a baronet! Only yesterday, as it were, she was darning hose and iron ing linen at home, going about the dis mal house slipshod and slatternly. Now she was in the midst of a brilliant ball, diamonds sparkling around her, and an English baronet of fabulous wealth and ancestry asking her for the favor of the next waltz! Something ridiculous and absurd about it all struck her; she felt an idio tic desire to laugh aloud. It was all un real — all a dream ; she would awake presently to hear her stepmother's shrill call to come and help her in the kitchen, and the howls of the juvenile Darrells down the passage. A famil iar voice arouses her. " You'll not forget, I hope, Edith," Charley's voice is saying, " that the next redowa is mine. At present I am going to meander through the "Lan cers' with Miss Featherbrain." He takes her programme, coolly writes his name, smiles, shows liis white teeth, says "Au revoir," and is gone. She and the baronet are alone. What shall she say to him ? She feels a sort of whimsical trepidation as she flutters her fan. As yet the Small talk of society is Sanscrit to this young lady from Sandypoint. Sir Victor leans lightly against the arm of her chair, and looks down upon her as she sits with flushed cheeks, half-smiling lips, and long black lashes i drooping. He is thinking what a won derfully bright and charming face it is — for a brunette. For Sir Victor Catheron does not fan cy brunettes. He has lils ideal, and sees In her the future Lady Catheron. In far-distant Cheshire there is a cer tain Lady Gwendoline; she is an earl's daughter, the owner of soft blue eyes, a complexion of pink and snow, a soft trained voice, and a feathery halo of amber hair. Lady Gwendoline is the Ideal of fair, sweet womanhood, turn ing coldly from all the rest of the world to hold out her arms to one happy pos sessor. The vision of Lady Gwendo line, as he saw her last, the morning sunshine searching for her fair, Eng lish face, and finding no flaw in' It, -rises for a . second before Him— why he does not know. Then' a triumphal burst of music crashes out, and. he is looking down once more upon Edith Darrell, In her white dress and coral ornaments, her dark hair and pink roses. "You seem quite like an old acquain tance, Miss Darrell," he says, In his slow, pleasant, English-accented voice. "Our mutual friend the Prince has told me- about his adventurgjn the snow and your heroism.'!- "The Prince?" she says, interroga tively; and Sir Victor laughs. "Ah, you don't know. They call him the Prince here— Prince Charlie. I don't know why, I'm sure, unless it be that his name is Charles Edward Stuart, and that he is the prince of good fellows. You have no idea how delighted I am that he — that the whole family are going across with us in May. You accompany them, I understand, Miss Darrell?" "As companion and interpreter on the Continent," Miss Darrell answers, look ing up at him very steadily, "yes." "And you will like the Continent, I know," Sir Victor goes on. "You will like Paris, of course; all Americans go to Paris. You will meet scores of your countrymen In every continental city." "I am not sure that that is an ad vantage," responds the young lady, coolly. "About my liking it there is no question. It has been the dream of my life — a dream I thought as likely to be realised a month ago as that I should take a trip to the moon. To you. Sir Victor, I suppose every nook and corner of Europe is as familiar as your native Cheshire." The brown, brilliant eyes look up at him frankly. She is at ease at last, and Sir Victor thinks again what beautiful eyes brown eyes are. For a dark young person she is really the most attractive young lady he has ever met. "Cheshire," he repeats, with a smile, "how well you know my birthplace — no, not my birthplace, exactly, for I was born In London. I'm a Cockney, Miss Darrell. Before you all go abroad, how ever-, you are to come and spend a week or two down in my sunny Cheshire — both my aunt and I insist upon it. You don't know how many kindnesses, how many pleasant days and nights we owe to our friends the Stuarts. It shall be our endeavor when we reach England to repay them in kind. May I ask, Miss Darrell, if you have met my aunt?" "No," Edith replies, fluttering a little again. "I have not even seen Lady He lena as yet." "Then allow me the pleasure of mak ing you acquainted. I think you will like her— I am very sure she will like you." The color deepens on Edith's dark cheek. She rises, and takes his prof fered arm. How gracefully deferential and courteous he is — it is all custom, no doubt, and means nothing, but it is won derfully pleasant and flattering. For the moment it seems as though he were conscious of no other young lady in the scheme of creation than Miss Darrell — a flirting way a few men cultivate. They walk down the long, brilliant rooms, and many eyes turn and look after them. Every one knows the extremely blonde young baronet— the dark damsel on his arm is as yet a stranger to most of them. "Deuced pretty girl, you know," is the unanimous verdict of masculine New York. "Who is she?" "Who is that young lady in the dowdy white muslin and old-fashioned corals?" asks feminine New York, and both stare as they receive the same whispered re ply : "A poor relation— a country cousin, or something of that sort— going to Europe with them as companion to Beatrix." Edith sees the looks, and the color deepens to a carnation on her face. Her brown eyes gleam, she lifts her head with haughty grace, and flashes back almost defiance at these insolent starers. She feels what it is that they are saying of her, and Sir Victor's high-bred cour tesy and deference go to the very depths of her heart by contrast. She likes him ; he interests her already; there is some thing in his face — she can hardly tell what — a sort of sombre shadow that underlies all his smiling, society man ner. In repose and solitude the prevail ing expression of that face will be me lancholy, and yet why? Surely, at three- and-twenty life can have shown nothing but her sunshine and roses to this "curled darling" of fortune. A stout, elderly lady, in grey moire and ChantHly lace, sits on a sort of throne of honor, beside Mrs Stuart and a foreign gentleman, from Washington, all ribbons and orders. To this stout, elderly lady, as Lady Helena Powyss, liis aunt, Sir Victor presents Miss Dar rell. The kindly eyes of the English lady turn upon the dark, handsome face of the American girl, the pleasant voice says a few pleasant words. Miss Darrell hows gracefully, lingers a few moments, is presented to the ribboned and starred foreigner, and learns he is the Russian Ambassador at Washington; then the music of their dance strikes up, both smilingly make their adleux, and hasten to the ball-room. Up and down the long, waxed room, in and out with gorgeous young New Tort, to all the hues »f the rainbow, the air heavy with perfume, the matchless Gounod waltz music crashing over all, the arm of a baronet worth — how much did Trixy say?— thirty or forty thousand a year, around her slim, white muslin waist, Edith is in her dream still. She does not want to awake. Trixy whirls by, flushed and breathless, and nods laughing as she disappears. Charley, looking calm and languid even in the dance, flits past, clapping gay little Mrs Featherbrain, and gives her a patroniz ing nod, and Edith's thought is — "If this could only go on for ever!" But the golden moments of life fly, the leaden ones only lag — we all know that to our cost. The waltz ends. "A most delicious waltz," says Sir Victor, gaily. "I thought dancing bored nie; I find I like it. How well you waltz, Miss Darrell; like a Parisienne. But all American young ladies are like French- women. Take this seat, and let me fetch you a water-ice." He leads her to a chair and departs, As she sits there, half smiling and flut tering her fan, looking very lovely, Charley saunters up with his late part ner. "If your Royal Highness will permit," cries Mrs Featherbrain, laughing and panting, "I will take a seat. How coo! and comfortable you look, Miss Darrell. May I ask what you have done with Sir Victor?" "Sir Victor left me here, and told me he would go for a water-ice. If I look cool, it in more than I feel; the thermo meter of this room must stand at a hun dred in the shade." "A water-ice," repeats Mrs Feather brain with a sigh; "just what I. have been longing for for the past half-hour. Charley, I heard you say something about bringing me one some time ago. didn't I? But I know of old what your promises are worth. You know the adage, Miss Darrell — never more true than in this instance — 'Put not your trust in princes.' " Miss Darreli's dark disdaiful eyes look full at the frivolous young matron. Mrs Featherbrain and Mr Stuart have been devoted to each other all the even ing. "I know the adage," she answers, coolly, "hut I confess I don't see the ap plication." "What! don't you know Charley's sob-- riquet of Prince Charlie? "Why, he has been the prince ever since he was five years old, partly on account of his absurd name, partly on account of his grand-seigneur airs. I think it fits, don'i you ?" "And if I were a prince," Charley in terposes, before Miss Darrell can an swer, "my first royal act would be to order Featherbrain to the deepest dun geon beneath the castle moat, and make his charming relict princess consort, as she has long, alas! been queen of my. affections." He lays his white-kidded hand on the region of his heart, and bows profound ly. Mrs Featherbrain's shrill, rather shrill laugh, rings out — she hits him a blow of her perfumed fan. "You precocious little boy!" she says. "As if children of your age knew what their affections meant! Miss Darrell, you'll not credit it, I'm sure, but this juvenile cousin of yours — Charley, you told me Miss Darrell was your cousin- was my first love — actually my first!" "And jilted me in cold blood for Fea therbrain. Since then I've been a blighted being — hiding, like the Spartan fellow in the story, the fox that preys on my vitals, and going through life with the hollow mockery of a smile on my lips." Again Mrs Featherbrain's foolish lit tle laugh peals out; she leans back al most against him, looks up, and whis pers something very daring in French. Edith turns away disgusted, gleams of disdainful scorn in her shining hazel eyes. What a little painted, giggling idiot the woman is! What fools most young men are! What business have married women flirting? and how much more sensible and agreeable English men are than Americans! "Miss Darrell looks sick of our frivo lity," Mrs Featherbrain gaily exclaims. "The wickedness of New York and. falsity of mankind are new to her as yet. You saved Charley's life, didn't ycu, my love—' Trixy told me all about it — and remained with him all night iii the snow at the risk of your own pre cious life? Quite a romance, upon riiy word. Now, why not end it like all rd- " mances of the kind in a love match and a rfajTiage?" Her eyes glitter maliciously and jea lously even while she laughs. If it is in the shallow heart of this prettily-painc ted. prettily-powdered woman to care for any human being, she has cared for Charley Stuart "Mrs Featherbrain!" Edith exclaims, to haughty surprise Italf-nfslrrgi "My dear, don't be angry. Tou might" So worse— though how, woyjld bejfiC- flcult to say. I suggested it, because it Is the usual ending of such things in no vels and on the stage — that is all." "And as If I could fall in love with any cne now," Mr Stuart murmurs, plain tively. "Such a suggestion from you, Laura, is adding insult to injury." "Here comes our baronet," Mrs Fea therbrain exclaims, "bearing a water- ice in his own aristocratic tiand. Rather handsome. isn't ? — only i delc-st very fair men. What a pity for the peace of mind of our New York girls he should be engaged in Eng land." "Ah, but he isn't engaged, I happen to knew." said Charley ; " so you see what comes of marrying in haste, Mrs Featherbrain. If you had only waited another year now, instead of throwing me over for old Feather brain, it might have been for a baronet. For, of course, there isn't a girl in New York could stand the ghost of a chance beside you." "A most delicate compliment," Edith says, her scornful lip curling. "One hardly knows which to admire most— the refined tact of Mr Stuart's flatter ies, or the matronly dignity with which Mrs Featherbrain repels them." She turns her white shoulder delibe rately upon them both, and welcomes Sir Victor with her brightest smile. "And for a rustic lassie, fresh from the field6 and the daisies, it isn't so bad," is Mrs Featherbrain's cool criti cism. "And I hope, despite Sir Victor's ar istocratic attentions, Mies Darrell, you'll not forget you're engaged to me for the redowa." Charley finds a Chance to murmur, sotto voce, in her fear, as he and his fllrtee move on. "You see, the poor child's jealous, Charley," is Mrs Featherbrain's last re- piark "a victim to the green-eyed mon ster in his most virulent form. You Really should be careful, my dear boy, pow you use ine cnarcns a oenencem Providence has showered upon you. As you are strong, be merciful — and all that sort of thing." The hours go on. Edith eats her wa ter ice, and talks very animatedly to her baronet. Balls— he has had a sur feit of them, poor fellow — mostly bore him; to-night he is really interested, the Americans are an interesting people, he thinks — that must be why. Then the redowa begins, and Charley returns and carries her off. With him she is coldly silent, her eyes are avert ed, her words are few. He smiles to himself, and he asks her this question — if she doesn't think Laura Feather brain the prettiest and best - dressed lady in the room ? "I think Mrs Featherbrain is well- named," Miss Darrell answers, her dark eyes flashing'. "I understand Mr Fea therbrain is lying ill at home. You in troduced me to her. Whilst I live in this house, Mr Stuart, you will be kind enough to Introduce me to no more Mrs Featherbrains." She brings out the obnoxious name with stinging scorn, and a look towards the lady bearing it sharper than dag gers. There is a curious smile in Char ley's eyes; his lips are grave. " Are you angry, Edith ? Do you know — of course you do, though— that it becomes you to be angry ? My charming cousin, I never knew until to night how really handsome you were." She disengages herself with sudden abruptness from his clasp. "I am itired of dancing," she says ; "I detest redowas. And be kind enough to keep your odious compliments for 'the prettiest and best-dressed lady in the room.' I don't appreciate them." " Is it jealousy ?" Charley wonders, complacently. He sits down beside her, and tries to coals: her Into good humor; but she is not to be coaxed. In ten minutes another partner comes up and claims her, and she goes. The pretty, dark girl in white is greatly ad mired, and has no lack of partners. As for Mr Stuart, he dances no more. He leans against a pillar, pulls bis mous tache, and looks placid and handsome. He Isn't devoted to dancing, as a rule; he objects to It on principle as so much (frysical exertion for very little result. Sle has only fatigued himself to-night as a matter of abstract duty. He stands and watches Edith dance. This country girl has the lithe, willowy grace of a Bayadere, and she is laughing now, and looking very bright and animated. It dawns upon him that she is by all odds the prettiest girl in the house, and that slowly but surely, for the hundred and fiftieth time in ills life, he is falling in love. " But I might have known it." Mr Stuart thinks gravely. "Brown beau ties always did play the dickens With me. I thought - that at live - and - twenty I had outgrown ill that sort of youthful rubbish, and iiere I am at the brink of the pit again, falling In love at the present involves ftnatrlmcny in the future, and matri- riony has been the horror of my lifesince was four years old. And then the go vernor wouldn't hear of it. I'm to be handed over to the first 'daughter of a hundred earls' across in England who |s willing to exchange a tarnished Brl- <dsh coronet for a Yankee million or Jwo." It is Trixy who Is dancing with the baronet now — Trixy who descends to jhipper on the baronet's arm. She dau- jpes with him once again after supper, ghen he returns to Edith. (To be Continued.) "'You are fagged out; you must give Hp all' head-work." "Whv that spells Xuln! I'm a hairdresser. w 