Laying a Ghost. For some time past persons who attend evening service at the Roman Catholic Church, Junee, have been startled by seeing a weird and uncanny apparition which nightly took up a position in a meditative attitude at the foot of the hill (reports the Junee Democrat'). Descriptive accounts of its appearance varied considerably. % Some were positive it resem bled an old hairy man with a long and silvery beard and a countenance which bore that mild and benevolent aspect peculiar to the man who com bines the duties of a church elder with the director-ship of a bogus bank, while the descrip tion of others left the impres sions that it was something which was a cross between a bunyip and a load of wood. One individual who had resided in a place named Kiama during a ghost scare was certain it was a celebrated statesman who was enjoying a holiday up at Junee in nis usual sportive fashion. A plucky resident (may his shadow never grow less) determined to solve the mystery or know the reason why. So arming himself with a breech-loader and 21 rounds of ammunition, he, as the shades of night were falling fast, quietly wended his way to the haunted spot, and there taking up an intrenched posi tion on his stomach, quietly waited, it rapidly grew dark, and still he waited. Presently 4 It' appeared, the only thing he could discern plainly was two large eyes, which glowed with unnatural brightness. Now at the supreme moment, our hero's resolution never wavered in the least, but with undaunted courage, and with a voice rendered shaky .with emotion, he called out, " In the name of Queen Victoria and the Empress of India, I call on you J;o stand, or I'll fire !" It stood. " If you have anything to say spake out ? In the name of St. Patrick, spake !" Just here the apparition deliberately closed one eye, but remained silent. " I'll ask you three times to spake, and if you don't I'll give you the contents of both barrels ! One, will you spake ? Twice, will you spake ? Third and last time, will you spake ?" Bang ! bang ! and a wounded cow dashed madly towards the distant horizon bellowing mournfully. Aud thus the Junee ghost was laid. 