AQUATICS. INTERCOLONIAL EIGHT- OAR BOAT RACE. A DING-DONG STRUGGLE. WON BY VICTORIA. ®B>dney, May 17. Under a grey sky and without a breath of wind to ru;Re tho water the intercolonial eight-oar race betwesn "V ictoria, New South Wales, and Queensland was rowed yesterday upon the I'arramatta River in tho presence of m F \ny thousand spectators. The rain which had fallen during the whole of the morning fortunately cleared up just before the race, so that with the ebb tide and a perfect calm the race "was rowed under the best conditions. Although Victoria won they only did so after a ding-dong battle, tho time being excellent. The crews were as follows : — NEW SOUTH WALES. at. lb. 10 0 lil 10 11 4 1! 10 13 2 32 - J. H. F. Evans (bow) ... E. A. Pearson (-) II. G. Williams (J) N. F. White (i) IS. Sawyer (S^ ]). Coivan (6) A. .1. Vivevs (7) C. II. II eU'.iaru (stroke). . C. Quist (cos) icroiiiA R. K. Dawson fbov.) F. S. Gibu (2) D. Ttoss (3) T. Davie-s(4) II. li-v-inp(i) C. Donald (d) H. Lind^ren (7) A. II Sloan (stroke) V. .Tones /cox) QT-LXNSL.'.: IV. A. Djuslas (linn ) ... .1. II. Williams (21 \V. B. Carmichacl (3) .. T. S. Skinner (1) A. Denis (o) It. JlacCallister (G) A. Yoam: (7) .1. Detvcy (stroke) ... 10 0 ... 10 6 ... 11 4 ... 11 10 ... 10 ... 10 10 . li 10 ... 11 10 ..10 s ... 11 0 ... 11 0 ... 11 10 ... 11 13 ... 12 0 ... 11 7 12 0 The home crew were the first to appear, paddling out almost to tho stroke of 4 o clonk, Queensland aud Melbourne following them in the order namad. The Victorians certainly looked the host conditioned of the lot, while it was generally remarked about Queeru^aud that though they were brown aud liealthy thi-y were not in the same condition as the others. At the start the oars of the three crews struck the water well together. Sloan stt the Victorians a stroke of 4'J, Young the Queenslanders 41, and Helsham the New South Welshmen 37 to tho mmuta. The power put by the Victorians into their Cr-t dozen strokes carried them well in front oI their rivals, and before 200 j-ards had been traversed they had a clear lead of half a length. New South Wales stuck to them, but Queensland dragged behind, as they lacked jxiwer and evenness in their work. Helsham, the stroke of the New South Welshmen, certainly committed a manifest error iu pulling so slow a stroke, so he livened up, but the "way" the Victorians had ou carried Ihein a clear length ahead of the others. Uhr's Point was pis.->ed in I mm. sec., with the Victorians holding a length's lead from New South Wales, and Queensland three-quarters of a length behind the local men. Young sought to liven his men up. but the pace was a ciinker, and do v.-hat he could he could not hold ou to the leaders. At Walker's Hospital New South Wales crept uo to the Victorians by quickening their stroke, but the dark-bluea responded, and swung along preserving beautiful time. At Walker's Hospital Queensland was back another Halflength, their stroke being somewhat erratic. At Blaxand's Point Victoria was being stroked tv.-enty to the half-miuulc, aud New South Wales and Queensland nineteen. By encouraging his men Young got a. little better work out of theai, and drew up for a few strokes, but he had to face a big spurt by New South Ws,le3, who were doing tlieir utmost to make up the lost ground with the Victorians. Blaxland's Point was passed in 4 min. 5iJ sec., and here Queensland was fully two lengths behind and tailing away very fast. It took 7 min. 47 sec. to reach Putney, where tho Victorians had stear^i well into midstream. New South Wales cliuging to the southern hank. Queensland here began to show its lack of condition, and though they pulled well together they were awav seven lengths in the rear without the ghost of a chance of picking up thc-ir place, for all the power had gone out of their stroke. A ding-dong fijjht between the leaders, however, was kept up, the stamina shown by New South \Vale-s surprising every on*.-. Victoria, however, was rowing with delightful precision, and reached Gladtsville m 12 min. SG sec. a length alierxi of tho loc^i crew. From this point out the r-ce was al' over so far as Queensland was concerned, as l were so far in the rear that the umpire's steamer Thetis was compelled to go aheac of them. They were given the wash of the s'.eara'jr, and thay pulled on to Abbotsford, where they gave up apparently disgusted, and waited there to see tlie result. Victoriastillkent itslead past One-Mail'sWhari, which was reachedin Id min. 21 sec. Tnen came loud cheers from the onlookers for New South Wales to make its big spurt- They gallantly respondod. and shortened the Victorians' lead by half a length, but when the winninT-post was reached they were just a lengLh behir-d, the race being finished in 17 min. 37 sec. Tlie general view here is that the best crew won, although had the water been rough the weight of New South Wales might have told. As a fact tlie race was lost through the siovness of Helsham iu getting away at the start. The time is the second fastest on record, only having Iwen beaten in 1887, when the distance was covered m 17 mm. 12J sec. This was the twentieth eijht-oar contest between crev.-.s ^.pr^s^nting colonics, and was rowed over the recognised championship course on tilt Parramatta River. The distance is 3 miles 33u yards, the Btp.rting-point being at Rydo railway bridge, and the finish at the Searle monumc-ut. The three respective colonies were represented by oarsmen who are amateurs under the ruiea of the Association the crew represents. Of tho twenty races which liave been rowed, no less than fifteen have been won by Victoria, while New South Wales has won four contests—those of 1S79, 18S2, 1SS5, and 1893. Queensland, which first competed in lSSo. has secured one win. The first race between Victoria and New South Wales took place on the Yarra iu 1S78. In 1SSS there were two races—one in Melbourne, the other on the Parramatta. In ISlio the race was he'd under conditions which allowed Victoria and Queenslaud to row manual labour men, but pi'ti>"ions to that the boats had always been rowed by men who were not engaged in manual Labour. " Trident," writing in the Sydney Mvii- with reference to the raci', says—'"As there has been some friction, and no clearly laid down rales for the government of intercolonial contests, the holding of a conference has been recognised as a necessity. This will be held during the week. That these annual contests have been a benefit to rowing m all the colonies in an undoubted fact. There are many evidences of the great good that has been done, notably the very great improvement in the form of the men. the improvement in boat-building, and the popularity of amateur rowing. It is pleasant to note that while professional roivmg has died away the amateur has gained strength. Tms is mainly due to the intercolonial races aud the keen nvalry which has thus been brought aliout.. Without in any way wishing to discount the splendid performances of Victon:\, whose long list of wins speaks for themselves, it may be mentioned that New South Wales has rowed several losing r.c t'S which should be regarded as remarkably fine perforaiaiio^s. If we did not win, still we deserved great praise. One instance is fresh ill the memory of all—that of la.st rear's race at Brisbane.' 