From: tbe large amount of con troversial correspondence at present occupying 60 much space in the columns of the daily Press, it may he assumed tbat there is a revival imminent in matters with a religious tendency. Atheism and infidelity, and their professors, are being handled without eloves: and church | men are deploring the proneness of men and women to «eek uftor the | indefinite and neglect the teachings of their youth. That there is a disposition to seek after new beliefs I is self-evident; and it is no un» common occurrence to notice in the columns of our intercolonial ex. changes advertisements expressing the desire of some aspiring human being to join a ' spirit circle/' or to meet Tvith a congenial soul with whom to debate tbe mysteries of Theosuphy. This may bo the primary cause of the disturbance in ecclesias tical circles as to tho fulling oil of numbers. Still pastors and religious professors will find much consolation in the fact that, taken all round, man is a very gullible individual : ever on the look out for something fresh to put his trust in and distract his thoughts. He is perfectly careless as to what that is— 60 loog as it is new. Euclid, for instance, is not popular with mankind because of its very certitude. Were it possible, say, to cast doubt cn the proposition that the equares on the sides con taining the right angle are together equal to the square on the hypothenuse, we would immediately witness the formation of a 14 Euclid Society,' on similar lines to that adopted by tho Shakesperian aud others of that class, to show its infallibility. What is principally required to enlist the sympathies and arouse the enthusiasm of the ordinary man— and women, too, for that matter — is to find a subject that possesses feeling and uncertainty. We suppose tbat Spiritualism may be classed in the last named category. Undoubtedly it is most uncertain ; and the feeling is there, if a bit indefinite. Now and again there is a discovery and an exposure ; but 6till educated people and women go on worshipping the occult, sitting hand in hand in darkened rooms, fancying they see ghosts, and occa sionally feeding a so-called material ised spirit on earthly delicacies. By keeping the emotions at the boiling point it pleases; and no small portion of our so-called happiness consists of emotion-stirring experi ences. Thus it is questionable if the Spiritualists and Theosophists of to-day are not imitators of ordinary humanity on a more fantastical scale. Yet these two peculiar fads — if the term is permissible — are deserving of a certain amount of respect as being the creeds of a multitude of people. Though they seem to be I unrelated one to the other they I possess something fresh. Both carry j the true believers*— and doubters* also— thoughts over the line that shuts out our humdrum humanity. One may be sleepy and tbe other creepy ; but, they present a solace to ennui. The Mahatma of Theosophy may be a remote and uncomfortable sort of entirety for attainment, still there is a pleasant psychical pleasure, perhaps, in dissecting oneself ; and in differentiating one's entire body, and astral body, and other develop ments, to say nothing of the possibilities of attainment before reaching that high degree. Anyhow, to the mind pressed down with ! material embellishments, Theosophy finds a road of oscapc. The same with Spiritualism. There is nothing spiritual about the age we live in. ! That is why it lends itself to I Spiritualism. When there is a creepy I indication we accept the symptom, and the feeling of trust we have in the conversation of spirits from else where is a natural reaction from tbe sordid pressure of things material. A mere nodding acquaintance with a materialised spirit or a ghost even is a source of satisfaction to a nature that craves for the mysterious. So far from people wondering at the intermittent booms in Spiritualism and Theosophy it appears to be merely a set-off to the intensity of the strain of natural causcs, and we do not think the churches have much 1 to fear whon they make their | appearances. The advance of intellect and scicnce induces a morbid curiosity to look into the future, if possible; hence the eagerness of men and women to hanker after the unattainable. 