AN INTERESTING STORY. "GLADYS." A ROMANCE OF THE 8PRING TIME. BY M. M. B. PART L A lovely morning in spring, when.you seem to see the trees growing and the flowers opening to the sun-all nature is so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and a song of thanksgiving rises to your lips, for the fact of life, and the blessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies bcfuro us, sloping grad ually to the river, and filled with all the sweetest perfumnes of bud anid blossom an ohl-fashioned garden-where the Lent lilies bent their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of the cottage typo, though built with plenty of space at conm mand, and showing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sutliciently blessed with this world's goods to live in comfort, at any rate, if not in absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of itrpaaaing grace and beauty ; one glance at the pure oval of her face, at the deep gray of her eyes, and the golden brown of her hair, " sunning over with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands and foot, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had been '"the beauty," par czcelleice, of the last three seasons. There was, however, a tinge of melan choly ºI the wistful droop of her rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty, she was niot entirely happy or free from care. Flhtting aia,ut from shrub to bush, and from blu.onm to berry, as fancy alone dictated, and gradually tilling the basket she carried iu her hand with all the spoils of, the garden, was another girl. Tih two were much alike, but this one was younger, brighter, fairer, and cvi Jently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship between the two. BIeatric., the elder cousin, was the owner of the pretty cottage, where also dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. An nialost sisterly affection ezistel between the two girls. Up to the present moment, Gladys had been the chief spokeswontin, but. the coil. versation had ,een stnoewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact tnat she always fouind it ditlicult to remain long in one llace, and gathe-intg flowers atforded a splendid exercise for perpetual motion. Now, however, she cameo and settled herself on the grass at her cousin's feet, and with a little sigh of content began to art ange her spr;ils. trice continued the oonversation as if no interruption had taken place. "It is all very fine for you to talk, Gladys, just because you happen to be engaged to the best fellow in the world the best 'catch' of the season-a hand. some man, and one who, beside all those advantages, is as madly in love with you, little cousin, as if these were the days of chivalry, and you were an enchanted princess in a metted castle. He has only one serious fault that I know of. and there's no denying that he is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." "It's the only thing that prevents our love story being as cmrmn) placo a cook's or a housemaids," pouted Gladvs, "but I ant always hoping that something may turn up to arouse his jealausy, but you know.' confidentially, and with a quaint little sigh, ' I'm so dreadfully in bve with him, that I don't think it ever can, for, lBeatrice, rflt sure I could never give hint even, the slightest cause-" "Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousins; "but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys." "1 I don't mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued (;lady's, as if she had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded the interruption, and holding up a buncti of creamny roses to see how they harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastenintg thiemt in her bro'ch in a kind of paren thesis, "or that Claude is not the I.st and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too !,iod for me ; but I ail sure. 'rriay," coaxingly looking up into the elder girl's face to try to get her to agree, "it would have been much wiser and truch more romantic if eto had hap. pened to Le an artist, and worn a velveteen goat, and-" " Yea," laughingly. " yes, my dear cos, much more rontanatic, but nt one-half so convenient. It was becuse mny lover. Denu.il doe Lisle, was poor, that Aunt atherine forced me to reject him. I)on't er think. Gladys my dearu," spesking wry tenderly, "that the most romantie surroundings can ever reconcile you to saying ' good-ba' to otle whiott you truly love. I shall never firget Denzil, and if t only I could see himt once again, I could Sthet die happily." t " Nonsense, love," said Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her atlfectionately, "do't talk about dying in this glorious weather; let's think of somtething. happy antd bright, like the sun shine," gatheritg all the tltwere into a big bunch. "Claude said he'd be ldown about twelve, and take si both up the river fih. ing. Yes, Trix, as you say, 'nm a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, 1 don't think I shall ever wanat one of my own; but, still, you must allow that povcrty-nmind, poverty without rags, I distinctly object to rags-- poverty is so much more romantic than having all the lulauries of life and a few over. S"My.deu OGl?dys, I trus ~ss.tU always lhave them; you wero wade for the sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite re spectably without either." This was said in a joking manner, but when BIeatrice saw the rosebud mouth be. ginning to pout and the brown eyes fill with tearsu shte drew her cousin tenderly to her side, and finished in quite aserious mantier. "Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you are hale to marry the first man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you you musn'tnmind mte, dear. You willuuder. stand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. I amn going into the house; shall I bring your hat, dear I " "Ye., or a sunshade, or something to kep one from being burnt blsck as a "That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's ? " " No," with a merry laugh, "not at all; and I don't think Claude would like a blackamoor for a wife. dear Trixv," watch ing the graceful figure till she disapleared into the cottaee. "IWell, I don't wonder at men falling in love with Ieatriice, I shoul myself; it's quite a delight to me to watect her fasc, and I'm not e man, or I gnPPon it woull be more so. I'm quite proud to be ] her cousin, and for people to pretend that they sonee a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. I would do any. thing in the world for her-only I'm I awfully glad Claude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled look, " if he had liked her best, I don't suppose I shoull have had anything to do with it. Well," with a shake of the head, " [ don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break moy heart to part with hitm. Now, if he had been poor, I could have proved moy devotion by-" Bllut the rest of her meditations were out short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shriek of pretended dismay, Gladys jumped p up, scattering her flowers, to right and left. Her face looked very rosy as she lrusatly released herself and stoolped to picl -p the blossoms, exclaim ing in tragic ',n ea, "Oh. Clasde, how you frightened me I" "Frightened you, sweetheart ? Why, what acl.asy brate I must be. But there, never mind those flowers, Ladyhird, I'll take good care nobody else frightens you while I am here." lie took her in his arms and bestowed a dozen kisses orn her lips. His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard and Ilaxen hair shone like threads of gold in the sunshine. Ilis blue eyes rested withdeeplovand dmliiration on the dainty figure lie held in his arms." After a few miinutes given to lover-like demonstratiion, he seated himislIf on the grass bnieath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by Ihi side, possessing him self of one small hand. "And now tell ime what you were talk ine about when I came." Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she recollected the wish that was on her lips. " Talking I Was I talking I What did I say 1 " " Well, I only heard part of a sentence, I it was this: " I could have proven my de votion by-'" " Oh," with a nervous little laugh, " I suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude." " Private theatricals, indeed I Now look here, Gladys," in a very mnasirful tone, "I won't have you talking about your dlo. votion to any other fellow but rime. llow do I know if you talk about it but what you may feel it, and then," lugubriously, " what is to beco)Ite of Ine 1 No, no, sweet heart, talk as much about devotion to Ia as you please, I aln open to as mlany con fidences cts that subject as you like to make, so tire away, I'm readly." " Nonsense. Claude,,"said Gladys,laurrh ing in spite of herself, ",as if one coruld make love to order, like i dress, ora coat, or boots." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cals are the very mischief, and put non sense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibitions ! " " But, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you know-" " Charity be hanged I Charity, should begin at home, and I believe its vanity that makes all you women so ready to ex hibit yourselves to be stared atatso touch a head, under the guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." " Now don't be disagreeable, You know Beatrice has prormiised, and you know all the places are booked at double prices to see the lovely Miss Cameron, the beauty of the last three seasonr, in all the latest confections that Worth has promised to send for the oocasion-" "All well and good, if Beatrice likes to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, sees no objection ; but recollect yoru are my property now," looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. "And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now don't look so disappointed, darlink:;' I I can't bear to see that dew on my rtse," kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladys, we'll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling," in a low, tender voice. drawing her to him, " yu can't think what pain it would be to me to hear my own little love discussed at the clubs as I hear as many other fellows' sisters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me. tilady's, to find that you had ever 'had a secret from me. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived me." lie was strangely agitated andtl spoke strongly on so slight a cause, but Glady's reinetmbered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early tdays of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before lie inheritedl his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a cer tainr lady, and how he had only then re turned frnm his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when heo an swered hii. " Deceive you, Claudo--why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don't bo silly, sir. I ought to be very croses with you; you never let me have my own say \--nrot a little bit." " Because I know you like having my way best-- now confess you de ?" "I shanl't confess anything of tihe kind," said G(;ladys, perversely. "Ah, but 1 know you do," with a wise shake (if the head. " Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said." "Wherea's Beatrice 1" he lazily inquired, after a slight loverlike pause. " Ou, Claude," she continued, in a sor rowful little voice, "she's just been tell ing mIe the very saddest love story I ever heal ; and, what is sadder still, it ia every bit true." " Her owM t" queri lane, mos la terested in picking the bits of mos from Gladys pink dress, thanin ever so pathetio a story concerning her cousin. "Yes : that's the reason she has never married.uad "-in an awe-struck whisper -"she never intends to be, because she can't forget D-" At this moment a loud ring war heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his laiy attitude, and heaved a big siglh. " Wlihat a nuisance ! 1 forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come diowr to day and go fishing withll us-you know dear, it must be awfully dull fur IBeatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, out yew site must feel de top, at any rate I know she is just ' one too manry, .o I thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartette instea! of a trio, or rather a couple of duebt-don't you lthink it is a good idea, pet 1"' "Oh, capital t Only it's no a "od Beatrice will never love again." "Well, at ary rate, Denzil will enter tain her ; he's the beast fellow in theworld -only cane back from India last week. I rian up against him in Hond-street last night ; we were delighted to nleet again we used to be the gratest chums in the world, Denzil and I." "Donzil I What a pretty name ; it s;ounds trngely familiar," murmured Ol h + Wihat'a hle other naol l" "De Lisle--Denzil do Lisle. Why, Gladys, what is the matter T' for Gladys had sprang to her foot as if by an electria shock, and now stood looking, flushed and sager, at her till lover. " What name ? Say it again, Claude," clutching at his arm as he was turning aide. " Denzil do Lilo. Do you know him r' -this latter in quick, susplicious tones. " Why, how odd you look !" "Do I ?" laughing nervously. "No, I don't know him--1 have heard the name -nothing more." " I don't understand ; what do you mean ?" laying a detaining Ihand on her shoulder. "Nothitn." disengaging herself. "lot me go ; I will be baek directly. I must tell Boatrico ;" with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her h els and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her in angry amazemenlllet. _le made a step to follow her, but thought better of it, and took out his citnarfase, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet his imrnatienee with the soothing intluence of a picked Hiavana. The following sen tences broke from him between the pull's of his cigar: "I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow- I repeat, if I were jealous," this last was very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a small pebble into the river, " I ahould swear this was some old lover of hers; but it can't be.- I'll never believe my (;ladys, my little white dove, could so do ceive mo." lhero he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. " No, I don't believe it, and yet, how elso account for her sudden agitation at the mention of Denzil's name ? it was that which so affected her, I'll swear-ah, here comes the fellow himself I'll tackle him ;" going to meet him. "lle's deuced good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an officer and a gentleman. Ah, moy dear fellow." as the two men met and cordially shook hanls, "you've found ui out. The girls will be very glad to see you. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it?" " Yes, grand; but l'm afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright." " Oh, the fish are only an excuse. There's one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh, you needn't shake your head and try to look solemn ; wait till youl've seen her. I'm sure Mrs. Con way "Conway !" interrupted the other man quickly. " Did you say Conway ?" Claude's face grew sor.ewhat shadowed, as he answered, " Yes. Do you know her ?" "I know Mrs. Conway once-a very pretty girl. Ilas she a daughter ?" " Oh, yes ;" eagerly. " Cladys "That name-it must be the same." Hie turned to Claude and holding out hie hand, said, "Do you know I have searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but have been unable to hear of her? Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt." "She was-didn't you know that she is dlead I But, tell me,old fellow, whatdo you know of Glady's ? Where did you see her? When ?" " She is the only woman I ever loved." rejoined the other. "I love her still, though Heaven knows she treated me scandslously. We were everywhere together for a month. I followed her like her own shadow ; she smiled but on tme, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled-" "Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway ?" "Sure. Do I know my own face in the glas Y Not better than I knew hers. Why, ran, though I have not seen hlo' for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for fea- I ture, and line for line, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the too of my sent, and I was mad enough to thint she loved me, when in the spring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saving she was already pledged to IHugo Banksido, that I must forget her ; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned fron, India the day before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still unmarried, and I made up may mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her so soon, withI the hope that yet she may be mine. Alt, I felt sthe could never have been so cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some-" " Yes, as you say, there had been some mistake, but you must excusetne-so sorry -just rccollect a nost importanlt engage ment-you will wait here and see her. Gladys, Miss Conway-give that to her, I must be off at once." During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in his pocket-book and then torn out the leaf; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his face. "Are you ill, old man? You look as if you had seen a ghost." "No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow fr,on the trees;" with a faint laugh ;" see you again soon. Good by." Anrd with quick, decided steps, he was gone. " Really, that is too goad of him, to make hinmself scarce like this, good old fellow, but I fancied from a word or two that he dropped the other day, that I was to be introduced this morning to the future Mrs. Meredith, but I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to him, anyhow, to give me a chance of seoe ing her like this. I wish she would come, and yet, I dread to think of it, if I should be mistaken again. Ah, my darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again has so unnerved mie ; but I must not meet her with a gloomy face. Ah, here she comes And the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps he had heard was only Gladys, who felt slightly disconcerted to find a stranger there, and no sign of Claude what ever. She advanced, however, in her pretty fluttering way, and held oat a tiny hand. which Major de Lisle took and cordially reassed,for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. " Major do Lisle, I presume ?" said Gladys, in her bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinking what a goodlymanthisloverof hercousin's was. He was tall and slight, with a well proportioned arid well-built frame, which looked remarkably enduring. The face was thatof saman who hadthoughtand suffered; clewr Uiv. skin, und w vius dark brown hair,andheavy, droopingmustache, k indlyi deep brown eyes, that women, little chili dren and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. " Yes, that is my name. I came here by Claude MIeredith's invitation, and now as he has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce myself. Ile left this note for Miss Conway." Gladys looked as he felt, truly as tonished, but held out her for hand tholet ter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. " Claudo gone-without saying good- by. How strange ! You don't know me, Major do Lisle, although you are very familiar with my name. I am Gladys Conway, the second." I?e started perceptibly. "The Gladys Conway you know is my cousin, but you will never see her more. Ah, forgive me," seriously, " I did not mean to alarm you. You will see my cousin almost immediately, hut under an. other name. Oh, how stupid I ain ! No, she is not married, but has changed her mine to lBeatrice Cmneron. It was a fancy of her godfather's, who left her a large fortune on that condition. Strange to nay, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of course, I do not know your history, but I am quite sure," with a charminuig smile, '"that one whom Gladys loved must be worth loving." "Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still free ?" he pleaded. " As free as air-or rather, I should say, as free as a woman can heo whll is hold up in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I amn persuaded she will never marry-that is, I meran," with a little questioning look at her companion, "she will never marry unless vol, ask her again. I amn certain there must hare been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cuSi:l -for Gladys' sake-I ask you straightforwardly, why you sent her that cruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truth." She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped himi,, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ten der ones. ' Why, I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mistake. that I must flrget her, as he was betrothed to Arthur Bankside, on account if his wealth and position. What could I, the penniless subaltern in an expensive regi ment, reply to such an app ,al ? Could I hold her to her word so lightly given, or even did I do so, would she consent to hIo so held ? It almost hroke my heart, and totally shattered by belief in woman's dis interestedness. I left Lolndon that night, and England as soon as I could make the exchange. Can you fancy what feelings of Tantatlus I had, when the first letters I re ceived from home told me of my accession to wealth and estates of which till that moment I had never dreamed." "' But she-Gladys-never wrote that le!tor you speak of; it must have been Aunt Kate-Mrs. Lennox. You know she was very proud of Gladys in a way, and had determined she should make the best match of the season; but Dr. Bianksido didn't propose till the day after yun left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept on refusing him ever since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packed her off, then anti there, back to as, to the old house in Cornwall, where we had lived all our lives, and continued to do so till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his god daughter, Glatlys Conway-your Gladys, you know-ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, the nrily proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother-Beatrice-and add thereto Iis own patronymic of Cameron; so that is the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to till ini the de tails; but now-are you not dying to see her? Confessnow,"added thelight-hearted girl. "Yes, indeed I am ; and can I see her -now-at once 1" " Yes you shan't he kept waiting long, I will go at once and find Beatrice adl send her to you, Will you come into the house, or see Beatrice here ?" " Iere, if sllhe will come." "I am sure she will ; so, once more, nil despcraodr,," and with a happy laugh, the girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across the somowhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, and thin a look of hope came into the brown eyes, the thoulrhts in hii br:ain were too many to remain there lunttered, and came forth in dreamy musings. His lmusings were broken by a voice speaking just behind himit-tie one voice ill all the world to him. " Gladys told me- Oh, Denzil I at last." The latter portion of t.ie .?ntence was spoken in his arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed of it, on his breast. One passionate kiss, wlherein all tile love and longing of y.ars seemed to find expression, and she lay lquite still, with the tears coursing dlown her face. In vain lie tried to kiss theml away; I but she said to let lh.r weep, it did her good. The paroxysm of weeping soon spent it self, and Beatrice smiled up into her lover's face. "Now tell me," she said, raising her head a little from its resting-place, and clasping one of his brown hands in her two little white ones. '' Now tell me. Denzil, how did you tind me ? When did you come? Why didn't you come before, I have wanted you ino imuch." M" y darling! anud I you-all the time. When I received that note from you-" "Note! what note? I never wrote to you before you wenttawayDenzil. Why should I I we saw each other every day." "See, darling, this letter, with your nionogram on it." " I never wrote it, Denzil-nevcr," she interrupted. "But how was Ito know that I had never seen your hand writing tven." "Oh, Denzil! And after I told you how I loved you !" "Ah, dlearest love. I was mad to doubt you ; but there canll e no true love with out jealousy, and did I not know everyone would envy Iru my pearl, my flower ? When I received that cruel nroto fruon you \--as I then thought-I was itnnletd, orokeon-hearted, and wentto Indi at once, and have been there till sie weeks ago when 1 was invalided home." T0 BE CONTLNutED. 