Jiems d Betas. The Secretary of the Ladies Doroas and SeneToleat Society begs to acknow ledge with thanks the sum of £1 Is.1 being a donation tram Lodge of Austra lian free Templars, per Mr. Boy. Mr. W. Armstrong said, at the cricket meetinp, that only two things would induce -the Club to allow Mr. Kelehci to resign the secretaryship. One was bis departure to the other woria, and the other was if he secured a good billet in another colony. The first contingency however, could be fixed up, as we could get our spook medium to ' ring him up ' whenever an important detail of business -Was to be undertaken, or the boys required to be hunted bff the turf. Never fear, Keleher'e ghost will always haunt the boys who set a foot on the playing green.. The ex-Mayor, Mr. P. W. Poolman, notwithstanding his experience in ? the Council, and his knowledge of things in general in the Port, has yet to learn that there is a possibility of a church in Port Melbourne being 'jcrowded out 'before the time of starting service. On Sunday night last this was his experience when he arrived at the Boundary-street Wes leyan Church a few minutes before 7 o'clock.- the oopasion being a Sunday School anniversary. However, after some squeezing, extra seals were obtained, and Mr. And Mrs. Poolman and others jmanaggdjtojgeiinside. ? We'-xeSenfly printed' a splendidly 'arrangeasyllabuBfortheSodality.B.V.M. for the term ending 31st January next. Among the items included thereon -are several most interesting lectures by very popular gentlemen, which will be given in St. Joseph's School-room on the following dates:— Sept. 23, on 'Co- oper- ation,' by W. J. Hamilton, Esq., M.L.A. .' October 7, ' The present depression, its causes and cure,' by J. A. Boyd, Esq ; October 28, paper on 'First aid to the Injured,' by J. McOloskey, Esq; Nov. 11, lecture 'Socialisation of the. liquor traffic ' by W. D. Flinn, Esq ; Nov. 25th, lecture 'Federation' by J. H. Cooke, Esq., M.L.A.; December 2, lecture, 'Catholic Socialism ' by J. H. Hassett, Esq, The Sodality cordially invite the public to be present on these occasions) and requests them to take particular note of the dates. The first one will be given on next Wednesday evening, when the Committee hope to see the ball well filled with ladies and gentlemen. A lad named David Drever, six years of age, fell from the roof of a house in Boss street, on Saturday last, while help ing to trap stray pigeons, and sustained a fracture of the skull. He was removed to the' Children's Hospital, where he is progressing satisfactorily. 'We would correct a slight error which crept into our report of the Wesleys C.C. annual meeting, published in our last week's issue. The prize for bowling average was presented by 7. C. Hill, Esq, and that for the second batting average by F. C. Dusting, Esq. Mr. J. Moxham was the recipient in both cases. The following names were also omitted from the list of vice-presidents of the club: — Bj^:tt'Ji':C-^;Hpn..F;T.~ Derhaai, F. ^&e1fOT;»ri^ipJpurpp^ s^&S;;ijrtb; Oj&pife; is -being tendered a farewell eon ? «ert in the Prahran Town Hall on 7th October by several friends, i'o conjunction with some of her Lyric Clnb companions. We believe that the Arion Quartette Party, of which Miss Haddocks was ?soprano, are also going to give hera^ire well send-off on the 28th of next month, when invitations are to be sent to some of the leading residents of the Port. ?. The other night our clerk of courts was wandering about Port Melbourne with a justice of the peace in search of a Bibls on which to execute an oath, when his attention was directed to our free public library, where it was thought the required volume might be found. On being interrogated the crisp and facetious librarian at once directed Mr. Murphy's attention to an ancient volume weighing some half a hundred weight or so. 1 What,' exclaimed the court officer, ? use that; Why I would want a crane and chain-taclde to move it.' After some persuasion lie was induced to ? kiss the book ' and the law was satisfied. Some weeks ago we drew attention to the necessity of a lamp on the newly formed portion of Liardet street over the lagoon crossing. We are pleased to note that the Council has taken action in the matter, and the lamp is now safely there We are sorry to learn that Constable Frank Donbvon has been on sick leave for some time past. His friends will wish him a speedy and permanent recovery. To-morrow being the termination of the Mission bv the BadBmntarkii'Fatheni at fit 4bsesh*£ Ohnreh, special musical aerj^s «£gi- &, ni^ceAfa^-iofak-l smb. ^¥%&)B ^lil'\fcng '&«$In1g: Imperial Mass, being assisted by Missis Florence FitzGerald and 2-oyle, and Messrs. Cosgrove and I. T. Gordon. During the offertory Miss Nellie Moroney will sing Hoven's ' Ave Maria.' Special singing also in the evening. Conductor and organist, Messrs. V. Cannon and Albert W. Dunn. t The Port Melbourne Football Club are ] holding an exceptionally good concert in t the Town Hall, on Monday night next, amongst the artists names appear Messrs. Tennyson and ©'Gorman, England's great dialogue comedians; 'Will Barr, G. Saunders, „ Professor. Allen, W. Page Ferguson, R. Boyd, Herbert Woodhouse, Fred Williame, Miss Maggie Hanseh, Miss Florrie Gloster, Misa E. L. Andrew with Messrs. F. G. Francis, Angus Gloster, and S. F. Edwards as pianists. The price of the tickets is one shilling, and may be obtained at the door on Mon day night. \': ?/ r :??'- :'?'.-??:' Attendon is directed to the operatic entertainment to be tendered to Mr. J. T. Gordon (Mr. J. Tomer) in the New Hall, Montague street, South Melbourne, on Thursday, 1st October. Thus is under distinguished patronage, and is given on the occasion of Mr. Turner severing his connection with the S.S. Peter and Paub choir. The following arte a few of those who will take part :— Signorina Bsbba tare, Mfea Josapbine O'Brien, Miss F. FiteOerald, Miss Nellie Moroaey, Miss E. Ereame, Mrs. A. L. Nathan, Miss Crowiey.Mr. T. B. Browning, Mr Charles Sykes, Mr. David Lee, and Mr. Cecil Forrester. Mr. W. Dickens, who has been con ducting successful Bemcesat thsOhrlsidan Chapel, DorcaS'Slieet, South Melbourne, will preach to-morrow evening on 41 Decision.' An esteemed, though rather juvenile correspondent, ' Athletic Admirer,' is in trouble over that ' gymnastic display, for ladies only,1' given in the Church of Eng land schoolroom on the 7th inst. He is an . admirer of — no, not the ladies, but gymnastics, and cannot get over the dis appointment caused by the notification that tbc entertainmeot in question was for ?' ladies only.' ' We are all aware,'' he says, ' of the strides athletics have taken with the fair . sex, the latest being gymnastics and cycling.' Yes, the ladies are coming on. ' Then again,' he goes on, 'no one doubts the developing fea tures of the former, while many claim the latter.' There are a good many ladies still unclaimed, though. ' Well Mr. Editor,' he continues, ' look back at the subject, * ladies only.' It seems strange, in a place like Port Melbourne, that there should be a performance under this restriction. Your readers will no doubt wonder why a union of young women wished to exclude your representa tive and other honorable men from wit nessing their display.' Our representa tive is well known to the ladies. 'Surely these ladies do not take exception to their appearing in rational costume.' Well, jra really cannot^ayj. what ihe Jadies sence of our 'correspondent at tneir-per-' formances. He then goes on to say that lie does not agree with those who peep through the windows, and he is sure that' if young gentlemen were invited by the ladies to their displays there would be more interest taken in gymnastics, and the young men would benefit by their teaching. It will thus be seen that our young correspondent is suffering acute agony through being shut out on the occasion referred to, and we hope that the young ladies will take compassion on him on the next occasion by issuing just one pass for a single gentleman. On Tuesday afternoon a large octopus made his way to ground near Donaldson's jetty, and was immediately seized, by Mr C. E. Sinn, of the Bay View Hotel, and conveyed to the aquarium, where com fortable quarters' were provided by Mr, Sherrard for the welcome stranger. A large number of ladies and gentlemen, including the Mayor, who presided, the Mayoress, Mesdames Derham, Hayman and Bendall, Cr. Edwards and Messrs. C. M. Johnson, C. H. Martin, W. Bald, A. E. Quick, F. Johnson, J. B. Grut, J. Hopkins, W. Howe, H. Young, E. James. H. H. Hayman, F. T. Warren and E. C. Crockford, met in the Mayor's room, on Monday night .to take into consideration the best method of recognising the kind ness, geniality and valuable services of the ex-Mayor (Mr. F. W. Poolmau) and Mrs. Poolman. It was decided that a presentation should be made, and all present formed themselves into a Com mittee, with power to add to their number, to bring the matter to a suc cessful issue. The Bev. Mr. James, with Messrs. EL Young and J. Hopkins, agreed to arrange a programme for the evening of the presentation. The meeting then adjourned till next Monday week. An interesting wedding took place on Wednesday last, at St. Mary's Church, li&u;^eldjj^ 3ing ceremony aTeoeption took place at ?'Ourragh,' Balaclava-road, Vwhen' the house was very nicely decorated. Tea was served in a -marquee on the lawn. Some .very handsome presents were received by the bride, and 'the bride proom's presents to the bridesmaids -were gold watches with pearl centres and brooches to match. The honeymoon is to be spent in Adelaide. . ? :o: ? 