Jut Helfille's Night Adventure. ~Wat do 1 smile, you ask, and don't 1 believe what you have just related to me ? Of course I do, old boy ; but, look you beta, George, you surely don't believe thal Abe noises you hear during the night are «auBed by some supernatural agency, just because you haven't been oblo to find oui from whenco they proceed, yourself ? Kow, put your hat on, and come with me to Jack Melville-he's an old friend of mine-B dare-devil sort of fellow, and I'll guarantee be'U lay your ghost for you in a very short ?time, it won't be his first case, either; he's tad some adventures in bis time-anything of an uncanny nature interests him immediately. Ho never stops until he finds out the natural cause of what to every one else really does appear .to be incom- prehensible. Do you remember the old Spotted Dog al "Willesden before it wu« pulled down ir 1870 ? Ko ! . Ab, then perhaps it wai before you came to London. Well, as we .troll over to Jack's shanty I'll just relate to you a little adventure he had there. If I recollect aright, it was on Friday, 7th -September, 1808, that I was commisiioned .. by my. uncle to go to Willesden to look ovei «onie plotB of land for sale, and report upon them. ' , " By half-past three in the afternoon I had \- -completed the business according toinetruc . tiona, and I was so early I determined ta ? waif. M) uiy reamum-u uv u<gug»m> -- «randered from the main Toad into a lape, *" and waa there busily engaged in refilling tay pipe, when who Bhould I see coming -towards me but Jack Melville, my old .chool chum, whom I recognised at once, although I bad not seen him for more than fire years. The recognition was mutual, however ; and to celebrate the occasion I suggested that the best place to see what the time wns would be the Spotted Dog. _ We sat in the little bar parlour, laughing and talking over the old days, for nearly two hours. Buring that time I learned ',that Jack was taking his holidays, nnd had just started on a walking- tour (which accounted for the knapsack oh his back) when we ran into each other's arms. Some .. BOW-I can't recollect now how it was tho conversation drifted to the subject of old haunted houses, and Jack remarked that the house, we were then in looked as though it bad a legend attached to it. The landlord of the Spotted Dog entering . the room at that moment overheard the Utter part of Jack's remark, and stepping np to the table told us that it was known ior miles round that a certain bedroom on the first floor of the building was really haunted. He stated that for twelve years ba had not taken a penny for ita use. No one would Bleep in it ; several bod tried, but had rushed downstairs during the night thoroughly frightened, and had left the place next day. Watch had been kept in the room time after time, but without effect, and all efforts to penetrate the mystery were of no avail. It waa worse on .tormy nights than at other times. Jack inquired what shape the terror took ; but the landlord said he waa quite unable to say, a« although he bad interviewed the people «rho had been scared, nothing could be gained from them whatever. They seemed to be ao terribly alarmed that tber had apparently thought of nothing else tba escaping from tho room. He had eren got ?o far himself as to sleep in the room, bt nothing extraordinary had happened, excej that he woke later than usual in the mon ing. " I would give a ten pound note fe the solution of the mystery," ho continuée "aa I've lost no end of money by th .ghostly reputation of the house." "I'm going to stay here to-night," sai Jack, turning to me. " And if you're n objection, BÍT," he remarked to the lsndlorc ? i'd like to use the haunted room. It look rather cloudy outside, and if it is likely t be a rough night perhaps the ghost will b in attendance-that's all right, Mr. Coombi I won't hear of an objection. I'm going t aleep in that room to-night, and find tb solution of the mystery, if it is possible t be found, before morning." And BO it was arranged-I stayed wit Jack until nine o'clock, then we parted-h promising to write me the result of bi adventure. It was a terrible night ; and QB I lay ii bed watching the lightning flashes as the; played around the window, and listening ti the craeheB of the thunder and the howlinj of the wind, I thought of Jack in tbi haunted room, and wondered whether bi would ? be disturbed by the ghostl; visitants. Nert morning brought me a letter fron him, containing the result of his investiga tiona. It appears that, after I left him, ht eat up talking with the landlord until twelve o'clock, nnd then retired to the haunted room for the night. The firBt thing bo d d waa to carefully lock and barricade thc bedroom door, so as to prevent the like- lihood of any trick being played upon him ; then he went round the room, searched the cupboards and examined the furniture-in fact, nothing escaped his notice; but he failed to come across anything of an unusual character. True, while looking in ?one of the cupboards, he had heard a creaking noise, but being unable to locate the sound, he put it down to some loose rafter strained by the violence of tho wind. The storm was at its height when bo blew out the candle and jumped into bed ; but «ot to sleep, for he waa determined to ¡t, unravel tho mystery of the haunted room, . and earn the ten pounds offered by the landlord if it were possible. In spite of bia resolution, however, to keep awake through tho night, half an hour had not paBsed bofore he was dozing off, and be would no doubt havo passed into a sound sleep, when something happened which caused him to be wide awake and on the alert in a second. A quoor sensation pervaded his frame as lie eat up in bed and listened, and he experienced a thrill of excitement aa he became aware that the bed was rising «lowly it rose at the head, and as slowly went down again ; and with the movement of the bed a deep groaning echoed through thu room. Then, for tho space of a few imputes all was still. Outside, the Btorm had somewhat abated, and during that iutorval Jack Melville sat up in bed, with a box of matches in his hand, waiting for a repetition of the disturbance; but OB it came not, ho lay down again, thinking that ? the whole aflair was au hallucination of the brain, conjured up by the knowledge of tho reputation the mom had. Nothing further <ii;i-urrcd to break tho silence for some time. -J nek heard tho clock downstairs in tho bar ' «liuno the hour of one, and ho was just lii-L-inning to dnzo off again, when suddenly lie toit a serien of upheavals of tho bed, . jitci'inpanied with the creaking and . .groaning bofora referred to. I Outside, the thunder nnd lightning I ad ceased, but the wind was blowing a fearful gale. Tbe old signboard of the Snotted Dog in tbe front of the house was swinging to and fro with a (lull clank, which helped to make the whole affair more unearthly. Striking a light, Jack jumped out of lied, lit the candle, and searched the room ugain, paying'particular attention to tba bed ; but the search was fmitti ss. He was utterly at a losa to understand the cauae of the Strangs lighting power. His next move led him, however, to the true solution of the problem. Leaving the candle alight on tba dressing table he orawled under tba bed and waited. AB he afterwards told me, he was never so much staggered in his life. As he lay with his head pillowed on his «rm, lie felt the board he was resting ou rise, np, lifting him and the bedstead with it, and. then , he heard tbe peculiar sound, almost human, coming from bmeath tho board. Jack waa afraid of neither man nor devil, but he owned the experience tried his nerves a trihV. However, he WBB determined to got to tbe bottom of thu whole affair, BO he pulled tbo bedstead tn thu. oilier aide of the room, and then looked around for something to priza tho floor up with. The poker mot bis gaze, and he quickly seized it, and putting it under the board us it was lifted up by. the unknown power, levi-ied it completely out of ito place; and, with emilie, in hand, bent down to examine the cavity beneath. ' Right tbe whole length of the space which was exposed to view run an iron rod quite two inches in thickness, which protruded through the wall into the open air. Near the end, and joined to the rod, was a semicircular weight of iron, whioh once had been imbedded in the brickwork, but by the process of time had broken loons. Even while Melville was looking tho bar turned, bringing the weight uppermost. Shrewdly suspecting what was banging ut the end of the iron bur Jack walked to tbe window and looked out. His surmise was correct. As he watched there came u strong gust of wind j the old signboard of the Spotted Dog swung toits fullest extent, and when stopped,, the bar, which projected from under th» bedroom window, turned with the board. This, then, was the secret. When 'the bar turned the weight carno uppermost pushed up the board, and, consequently, tbe two legs of the bedstead which rested on I be j board-at the same time the grinding uf tba iron against tbe board caused thu groaning sound which had so frightened many of Mr. Coomba' patrons in thn past. Next morning Juok explained tb« mystery, to the great satisfaction of the landlord, and left the Spotted Log'with a ten-pound note to the good. Many a time since then have Jack und I laughed over this night adventure. "W. T. M. 