RELIGIOUS N.EWS. Toirsa Wojie-Vs Cuaistl^s Association.— Tbe raonth-y meting was held in the tuouu on Wed nesilay ???omiiii;. Pre-ent — Lady Culion, President, .Me-sdames Chinner, Fisuer, Gault, C il. Uoode, AL Uoode, ilone, Futon, -^aterbouse, Miss Kobiu, and Miss Ureenwood, General Secretary. Fifteen new mem ers were received. --lr.-. Patou »a3 unani mously elected to the position of corresponding member tor .Suuth Australia of the Worl -'s Y. W.U.A. A. visit from Lady Smith, of Government liouse, Western Australia, was reported, as also Mrs. Bailey's very auccesaful meetings. The Treasurer reported:— Keceipts, £21 19s. fid.; bilLi pa sM, £20 7s. On Sunday . November 29, Mrs. T. A. Bai ey, who represents the World's Y.W.C.A., held a largely attended meeting in the roi-ms. She was welcomed on behalf of the committee by Mrs. Beeby. Mr.-*. Bailey gave nu earnest address from Deut ronorny ssxiii. li, ' The beloved of the Lord shall dvMl in si/ety by Him. ' Mrs. Bailey stayed to tea. with the members ot the Association, and was much interested in the work. On Monday ni^ht she lied another meeting, wnen she gave a brief account of Associations viaited a;id work goims on all round the worlii. S.ie then spok_- some hwrt-searching wurds to the members of the Association. Her address n-as based on ' tie told me all that eve I did.' Mrs. Bailey, w th Mr. Bailey, was the guest o: Mrs. .Scari brick whila in A elauie. Methodist Uxio.n.— The i-ubj-ct was discussed in the eight. Wrsleyau District Synods ot. New South Wales. Two voted in favour, five against, and one was equally divided. The i.uab, rs wore SU for and 125 against. Nine Syno -s in Victoria and Tasmania voted for and three ntfainst, the numbers being 1S1 in fa -our, 112 against, and 13 neutral. The S'U: hen. District Synod in' CJueenslan I, wtuch comprises five-t-ixlhs of the Weslt-yans of the col ny, adopted a resolution recomtpendinjj the Conference to proceed in liannony wiib the people's vote. It also recommended the Federal Council to iake the necessary steps to effect union, and a date for consummating union was agreed upon by the C'iiurch.-s. The voting was Si for, 9 against, aud 1 nentraL SIeqindie Congregational Crorch. — On 'Wed ne.sday evening. 1 baz-ta.r was opened in the Lecture Hull of ihe Med indie Congregational Church by tne Acting-Mayoress of Adelaide, Mr-. T Brown. The bazaar is a 1 annual affair, and the -Church fund is always materially augmented when the time comes for balancing accounU. The crowd of people which thronged to the Chuich on Wednesday evening made it almost impossible to peregrinate with com fort. Tbe Numerous stalls we.e gaily decked with alluring articles. There were toys and lollies for tbechi'dren, whilst materfamiiias and her grown up daughters hit an opportunity of purchasing ornaments for tbe house and neatly worked wearing apparel and fancy work. Those in charge of tho different stalls were:— Drapery st«ll (No. 1). Mrs. Grey, Miss Fabian, (No. 2) Mrs. Hutton,. Miss K. Cant; flower stall, Mrs. Ev.ws, Miss Wyley; fmcy stall. Misses Welfare, I- Eker-s; iollie stall. Misses Perry. Evans, Lucas ? umbrella. Misses Cheeseman, Lento', Mat hews, Fabian; cnoI drinks. Misses Cant, F. Ekers. IC. Mathews ; refreshments, Mrs. Harvey, Miss Williams: tel-graph officr. Me srs. O. Ekers, F. Wyley, U. Peck. R. Birdsie. The shooting KiUlery was in charge of Mr. J. II. Harvey, and Mr. T. Ekors managed the calvani« battery. The Gipsy Qne-n also interested a number of people The bazaar will be reopened this alternoon. DRAPER MEMORIAL CHURCH FAIR---CHRISTMAS Tree and summer Fair were held in the Draper Memorial Church, Gilbert St, o Wednesday afternoon and evening. The Rev. G. E. Wheatley introdnced Mrs. C. Moore, who in declaring the fair open, expressed the hope that during the pre sent minister's pastorate the debt on the Church would be wiped off. The Revs. B. S. Casely and W. B. Maher proposed and seconded a vote of thanks to Mrs. Moore. The stalls. & which wero niceiy decorated, were in charge of the following : — Christmas tree and work, Mesdames Wheatli-y and Gartrell. and Misses Russell, R Holder, Blackmore and Osman; produce. Messers. F. W Holder, Whynes, Long, and Doubikan. and Miss Warn; refreshments. Mesdames Kelly, Bailey, James, Warn, and Blacktnore. and Miss Whyues; cool drinks, Misses Ling and Blackmore; lollies. Misses Preston and Kelly ; ice-cream. Masters Holder .and Wheatley; ghost haunt, Messrs James Duncan, and James. The attendance n the afternoon and evening were very large, and the proceeds, which were in aid of the Church Trust Fund, exceeded ex pectations. In the evening a programme of music was carried not by Mr. & Parsons and company. 