SIFTINGS. TE Premier takes a sensible view of the question of water conservation and irrigation. He says that the formerhas boon like the blessed word Mesopo tamia to the pulpit-a beautiful phrase for many years; but we do not seem to get much "forarder," though every one is in favour of it. He hopes that before this Government gives up the ghost it will have accomplished a thoroughly practical, safe, but liberal and comprehensive, scheme. Pending that, the Government desires to dispose of the unem ployed problem by a system of irrigation which, as the Premier poetically puts it, will unite the trea sures of heaven with the treasures of earth. But the system must be one which "' will not land the country in an enormous expenditure without some commonsurote result." MIr. Reid, believing that the country might easily throw away £1,000,000 on a scheme of water conservation and do very little good, hints that the Government will very likely, before committing itself to a large expenditure, secure two soientific menof experience--one porhapo from India and another from California. This is the best possible course to take, only the Govern ment must be sure that it obtains capable men. We want men who have been through the mill, who know the proper thing to do and will not waste money on experiments, and who will not sacrifice the useful to the ornamental, as is too often done in the Government work of this colony. Another important point that must not be overlooked in any scheme of water conservation is that the sole direct benefit mustnot accrue to the owners of contiguous lands. The work should be done where plenty of Crown laud is available, or whore it is possible by constructing irrigation channels to obtain arovenue and mako the undertaking reproductive. We are gla1 to notice that the weir which is to be con structed on the river Lachlau will affect a district in which the bulk of the land still belongs to the Crown. This colony has already made too many valuable presents to the landowners at the expense of the people to perpetuate the blunder. If by constructing expensive works we should make land more valuable and thus more inaccessible to the people we should have little to congratulate our selves upon. The Rhymnster has been studying oScotch lately, and is incomprehensible to all but a few intimate associates. Ho sent us along a screed in which Scotch orthography was to the fore, but we took the liberty of doing it into something like Englisb, and hero it is: Joe Richardson my Jo, Joe, When we were first acquaint', You tried most hard to be the MIayor, But something did prevent; But now you're in the chair, Joe, You're settled there I know; Your heart's desire is realised, Joe Richardson my Jo. Joe Richardson my Jo, Joe, You climbed the hill for long; For many and manuuy a day, Joo, Your foes were much too strong. But now you're in the chair, Joe, May all ill- feeling go; Let's wish for you a pleasant time, Joe Richardson my Jo. Although Sir Henry Parkes has turned the corner of eighty years aud his memory probably is very unreliable regarding matters that happened yester day and last week he has not forgotten the old political patter which used to prove so eflicatious in catching gullible voters twenty years hgo. Ilis opening address at Waverley the other night was a typical one. It carefully ran rings round a variety of topics, but lacked definitcoess on all. Itcarefully omitted giving the Government credit for what they had accomplished, but vigorously denounced them for w-bat they had not had time to achieve. It israther amuseing when we recall all the facts to hear Sir JIcnry complain that although Mr. Reid had re peatedly promised to secure local government for the country we were still without it. Hoow many different times did the old parliamentarian work the oracle with "a comprehensive local government measure o" For about a quarter of a century it formed the front of every Parkcs programme, and it was at last left to Reid to bring a bill to the verge of eompletion until blocked by a combination of men who hated the Governmment more than they loved self-government. Then although Sir Henry still claims to be afroetrader, and is proud to acknowledge that he is the only man in the colony possessing the gold medal of the Cobden Club, he rails against the freetrade policy of the Government as a tinkering policy, and lastly finds fault with Mr. Reid for not carrying the tinkering a little further. The par tieular things upon which Sir Henry bases his claims to the friendship and support of Waverley happen to be leading features of the Government polic; nevertheless he speaks of them as opponents. Light railways, irrigation and the conservation of water, and the question of federation-these are all pro jests which Mr. Reid intends, as opportunity sorves, to deal with. Civil Service reform is now well on foot, and other things which have long beeoon talked about have been honestly taken in hand. It looks as if some party were running the willing old man, less with the hope of gaining him a seat than with the intention of letting in a thorough-paood Oppositionist. 