AN INTERESTING STORY. "GLADYS." h t c A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME, a PART I. s BY M. M. B. e A lovely morning in. spring, when you eeem to see the trees growing and the flowers opening to the sun—all nature is so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and a song of thanksgiving rises to your lip3, for the fact of life, and the blessing of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies before us, sloping gradually to the river, and filled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom— au old-fashioned garden—where the Lent lilies bant their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of the cottage type, though built with plenty of space at command. and.sliowing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed with this world's goods to live in comfort, at any rate, if not in absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, witii some dainty embroidery in her hand, was a girl of .-surpassing grace and beauty; one glance at the pure oval of her facc, at the deep gray of her eyes, and the golden brown of her hair, " sunning over with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands aud feet, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had been -'the beauty,"par exccllencc, of th last three seasons. There was, however, a tinge of melancholy in the wistful droop of her rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not entirely happy or free from care. Flitting about from shrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone dictated, and gradually filling the basket she carried iu her hand with all the spoils of the garden, was another girl. The two were much alike, but this one was younger, brighter, fairer, and evidently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship between the two. Beatrice, the elder cousin, was the owner of the pretty cottage, where also dwelt her aunt mid cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affection existed between the two girls. Up to the present moment, Gladys had been the chief spokeswoman, but. the conversation had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it difficult to remain loug in one place, and gathering flowers afforded a splendid exercise for perpetual motion. Now, however, she came and settled herself on the grass at her cousin's feet, and with a little sigh of content began to ariange her spoils Beatrice continued the conversation as if no interruption had taken place. "It is all very fine for you to talk, Gladys, just because you happeu to be engaged to the best fellow in the world the best 'catch' of the season—a handsome man, and one who, beside all those advantages, is as madly in love with you, little cousin, as if these were the days of chivalry, and you were an enchanted princess in a moated castle. He has only one serious fault that I know of, and there's no denying that he iB frightfully, unreasonably jealous." " It's the only thing that prevents our love story being as couituon-place as a cook's or a housemaids," pouted Gladys, " but 1 am always hoping that something may turn up to arouse his jealausy, but you know," confidentially, and with a quaint little sigh. "I'm so dreadfully in love with him, that I don't think it ever can, for, Beatrice, Fm sure I could never give him even the slightest cause—" "Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin ; "but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys." " 1 don't mean to deny that I'm a verylucky girl," continued Glady's, as if she had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded the interruption, and holding up a bunck of creamy roses to see how tbey harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in si kind of parenthesis, "or that Claude is not the be3t and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for me ; but I am •ure, Triiy," coaxingly looking up into the elder girl's face to try to get her to agree,it would have been much wiser md much more romantic if he had happened to le an artist, and worn a velveteen coat, and—" " Yen," laughingly, " yea, my dear coa, much more romantic, but not one-lialf so convenient. It was because my lover, Den7.il de Lisle, was poor, that Aunt Oathoriae forced nie to reject him. Don't •rar think. Gladys my dear," speaking •My tenderly, ** that the most romautia surroundings can ever reconcile you to saying * good-byo' to one whom you truly love. I shall never forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again, I could then die happily." " Nonsense, love," said Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately, " don't talk about dying in this glorious weather; let's think of something happy and bright, like the sunshine," gathering all the flowers into a big bunch. "Claude said he'd be down about twelve, and take us both up the river fishing. Yes, Trix, as you say, I'm a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shall ever want one of my own ; but, still, you must allow that poverty—mind, poverty without rags, I distinctly object to rags—poverty is so much more romantic than having all the luxuries of life and a few over. "My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have them ; you were made for the sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quite respectably without either." This was said in a joking manner, but when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth beginning to pout and the brown eyes fill •with tears, she drew her cousin tenderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. " Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happiness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you— you musn'tmind me, dear. You willunderstand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. 1 am going into the house ; shall I bring your hat, dear ? " " Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crow." " That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's ? " " No," with a merry laugh, "not at all; and I don't think Claude would like a blackamoor for a wife, dear Trixy," watching the graceful figure till she disappeared into the cottaoe. " Well, I don't wonder at men falling in love with Beatrice, I should myself : it's quite a delight to me te> watch her face, and I'm not a man, or 1 suppose it would be more so. I'm quite proud to be } er cousin, and for people to pretend that • hey see a family likeness between us is ertainly very amusing. I would do anything in the world for her — only I'm wfully glad Claude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, ven to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled look, " if he had liked her best, I don't uppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well," with a shake of the head, " I don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if he had been poor, I could have proved my devotion by-" But the rest of her meditations were cut short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shriek of pretended dismay, Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, to right and left. Her face looked very rosy as she hastily released herself and stooped to picl. up the blossoms, exclaim- S in tragic fcnea,— " Oh, Clause, how you frightened me!" " Frightened you, sweetheart ? Why, what a cltXiiisy brute I must be. But there, never mind those flpwers, Ladybird, I'll take good eaisijjobody else, frightens you while Lam/bare," •. Ho tooiklior in his iarms and bestowed a dozen kisses on Jier lip3. His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad ia the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard and flaxen hair shoneilike.threadsof Oold in the sunshine. His blue eyes rested withdeeploveand admiration oh the dainty figure he held in his" arms.", ,.. After a few miijutes given'jto lover-like demonstration, he seated hitnse- lf on the grass beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by his side, possessing himself of one small hand. " And now tell me what you were talking about when I came." e Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she recollected the wish that was on her lips. " Talking ! Was I talking ? What did I say ? " " Well, I only heard part of a sentence, it was this : * I could have proven my devotion by—'" " Oh," with a nervous little laugh, I suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude." " Private theatricals, indeed ! Now look here, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, " I won't have you talking about your devotion to any other fellow but me. How do I know if you talk about it but what you may feel it, and then," lugubriously, '•what is to become of me ? No, no, sweet- heart, talk as much about devotion to me as you please, I am open to as many confidences on that subject as you like to make, so fire away, I'm ready." "Nonsense. Claude," said Gladys, laughing in spite of herself, a3 if one could make love to order, like « dress, or a coat, or boots." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatricals are the very mischief, and put nonsense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibitions! " " But, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you know—" " Charity be hanged ! Charity, should begin at home, and I believe its vanity that makes all you women so ready to exhibit yourselves to be stared at at so much a head., under the guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." "Now don't be disagreeable, You know Beatrice has promised, and you know all the places are booked at double prices to see the lovely Miss Cameron, the beauty of the last three seasons, in all the latest confections that Worth has promised to send for the occasion—" " All well and good, if Beatrice likes to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, sees no objection ; but recollect you are my property now," looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. " And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you— discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't bear to see that dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladys, we'll go for a loug ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling," in a low, tender voice, drawing her to him, " you can't think what pain it would be to me to hear my own little love discussed at the clubs as I hear so many other fellows' sisters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me. Glady's, to flnd that yoa had e»er had a secret from me. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived me." He was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on so slight a cause, but Glady's remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard in the early° days of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before he inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a certain lady, and how he had only then returned from his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when she answered him. " Deceive you, Claude—why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way not a little bit." " Because I know you like having my way ly best—now _ confess you de ?" t w q a p i H h e t "I shan't confess anything of the kind, said Gladys, perversely. " Ah, but I know you do," with a wise shake of the head. " Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said." "Where's Beatrice ?" he lazily inquired, after a slight loverlike pause. " Oh, Claude," she continued, in a sorrowful little voice, "she's just been telling me the very saddest love story I ever heard ; and, what is sadder still, it is every bit true." " Her own ?" queried Claude, more interested in picking the bits of moss from Gladys pink dress, than in ever so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. " Yes ; that's the reason she has never married, and "—in an awe-struck whisper —"she never intends to be, because she can't forget D—" At this moment a loud ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. " What a nuisance ! 1 forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come down today and go fishing with us—you know dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, but, yec sue must feel ilc trop, at any rate I know she is jus one too many, so I thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartette instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duets—don't you think it is a good idea, pet r "Oh, capital! Only it's no good ; Beatrice will never love again." " Well, at any rate, Denzil will entertain her ; he's the best fellow in the world —only came back from India last week. I ran up against him in Bond-street last night ; we were delighted to meet again—^ we used to be the greatest chums in the world, Denzil and I." "Denzil! What a pretty name; it sounds strangely familiar," murmured : Gladys. '• What's h:s other name ?" " De Lisle—Denzil de Lisle. Why, h Gladys, what is the matter ?" for Gladys d had sprang to her feet as if by an electric shock, and now stood looking, flushed and eager, at her tall lover. " What name 1 Say it again, Claude," clutching at his arm as he was turning aside. " Denzil de Li-^le. Do you know him V —this latter in quick, suspicious tones. " Why, how odd you look 1" " Do I ?" laughing nervously. '* No, I don't know him—L have heard the name —nothing more." " I don't understand ; what do you mean ?" laying a detainiug hand on her shoulder. ''Nothing," disengaging herself, "let me go ; I will be back directly. I must tell Beatrice with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her in angry amazement. He made a step to follow her, but thought better of it, and took out his cigar case, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing influence of a picked Havana. The following sentences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar:—. "I-never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of : fellow— I repeat, if I were jealous," this last was Very emphatic, accompanied, by kicking -a small pebble, in to the river, " I^hould swear this was some old plover of here; but it can't be. I'll never believe niy Gladysi my little white dove£ could so dei ceive me." Here he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. " No, I don't believe it, and yet, how else account for her sudden agitation at the mention of Denzil's name ? it was that which so affected her, I'll swear—ah, here comes the fellow himself; I'll tackle him ;" going to meet him. " He's deuced good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an officer and a gentleman. Ah, my dear fellow," as the two men met and cordially shook hands, " you've found us out. The girls will be very glad to see you. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it?" " Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright." " Oh, the fish are only an excuse. There's one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh, you needn't shake your head and try to look Bolemn ; wait ill you've seen her. I'm sure Mrs. Conay—" t Conway!" interrupted the other man w uickly. " Did you say Conway ?" p Claude's face grew somewhat shadowed, m s he answered,— h " Yes. Do you know her ?" estiaeTctm "I knew Mrs. Conway once—a very retty girl. Has she a daughter ?" "Oh, yes;" eagerly. " Cladys s-" "That name—it must be the same." e turned to Claude and holding out his and, said, "Do you know I have searched verywhere for that girl for the last wo years, but have been unable to hear of her ? Lady Catherine Lennox u her aunt." l " She was—didn't you know that she is dead ? But, tell me, old fellow, whatdo you know of Glady's ? Where did you see her? When?" " She is the only woman I ever loved," rejoined the other. " I love her still, thoggh Heaven knows she treated me scandalously. We were everywhere together for a month. I followed her like her own shadow ; she smiled butr on me, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled—" "Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway ?" " Sure. Do I know my own face in the glass? Not better than I knew hegs. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for feature, and line for line, as fair as it was false. She fooled me to the toDof mv Dent, and 1 tras mad enongii to think sne loved me, when in the spring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but»deakh should part us ; and then that veiiy evening to write the cruel words she did, saying she was already pledged to Hugo Bankside, that I must forget her; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the day before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still unmarried, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of the seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her so soon, with i the hope that yet she may be mine. Ah, I felt "she could never have been cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some—" " Yes, as you say, there had beensom<» mistake, but you must excuse me—so sony —just recollect a most important engagenient—you will wait here and see her. j Gladys, Miss Conway—give that to her, I I must be off at once." j During these disjointed sentences, ; Claude had scribbled a few lines iu his j pocket-book and then torn out the leaf: he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his face. I " Are you ill, old man ? You look as if you had seen a ghost." " No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow from the trees;" with a faint laugh ;" see you again soon. Goodby." And with quick, decided steps, ie was gone. "Really, that is too go id of him, to make himself scarce like this, good old fellow, but I fancied from a word or two that he dropped the other day, that I was to be introduced this morning to the future Mrs. Meredith, but I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to him, anyhow, to give me a chance of seeing her like this. I wish she would come, and yet, I dread to think of it, if I should be mistaken again. Ah. my darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again lias so unnerved me ; but I must not meet her with a gloomy face. Ah, here she conies !" And the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps he had heard was only Gladys, t who felt slightly disconcerted to find stranger there, and no sign of Claude whatever. She advanced, however, in her pretty fluttering way, and held out a tiny hand, which Major de Lisle took and cordiailypressed, for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. " Major de Lisle, I presume ?" said Gladys, in her bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinking what a goodly man this loverof hercousin'e was. He was tall and slight, with a wellproportioned and well-built frame, which looked remarkably enduring. The face was thatof a man whohadthoughtandsuffered; clear olive skin, and waving dark brown air,and heavy, droopingmust&che;, kindlyj eep brown eyes, that women, little chil-i dren and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. " Yes, that is my name. I came here by Claude Meredith's invitation, and now as he has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce myself. He left this note for Miss Conway." Gladys looked as he felt, truly astonished, but held out her for hand the let- After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. , . - " Claude gone—without saying good-by. How strange ! You don't know.me, Major de Lisle, although you are very familiar with my name. I am Gladys Conway, the second." He started perceptibly. " The Gladys Conway you know is my cousin, but you will never see her more. Ah, forgive me," seriously, " I did not mean to alarm' you. You will see iny cousin almost immediately, but under anobher name. Oh, how stupid I am ! No, she . is not married, but has changed hei name to Beatrice Cameron. It was a fancy of her godfather's, who left her a large fortune ou that condition. Strange to aay, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of course, I do not know your history, but I*;am quite sure," with a charming smile, "that one whom Gladys loved must be warth loving." Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still free?" he pleaded... " As free as air—or rather, I should say, as free as a woman can be who is bound up in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I am persuaded she will never marry—that is, I mean," with a little questioning look at her companion, "she will never marry utdess you ask her again. I am certain there must have been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin—for Gladys' sake—I ask you straightforwardly, why you sent her that cruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truth." She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her tender ones. " Why, I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mistake, that I must forget her, as he was betrothed o Arthur Bankside, on account of his ealth and position. What could I, the enniless subaltern in an expensive regient, reply to such an appeal ? Could I old her to her word so lightly given, or ven did I do so, would she consent to be o held ? It almost broke my heart, and otally shattered by belief in woman's disnterestedness. I left London that night, nd England as Boon as I could make the xchange. Can you fancy what feelings of antalus I had, when the first letters I reeived from home told me of my accession o wealth and estates of which till that oment I had never dreamed." "But she—Gladys—never wrote that etter you speak of; it most have been Aunt Kate—Mrs. Lennox. You know she was very proud of Gladys in a way, and had determined she should make the best match of the season; but Dr. Bankside didn't propose till the dav after you left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and has kept on refusing him ever since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packed her oft, then and there, back to as. to the old house in Commffl, where we had lived all our lives, and oontinued to do so till two years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his goddaughter, Gladys Conway—your Gladys, you know—ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, the only proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother—Beatrice—and add thereto his own patronymic of Cameron; BO that is the whole long story- told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the details ; but now—are you net dying to see her? Confessnow," added thelight-hearted girl. 4 1 Yes, indeed I am ; and can I see her —now—at once ?" _ ^ " Yes you shan't be kept waiting long, i will go at once and find Beatrice and send her to you, Will you come into the house, cr see Beatrice here ?" " Here, if she will come." "I am sure she will; so, once more, nil despei-andtim," and with a happy laugh, the girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across the Bomewhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, and then a look of hope came into the brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too many to remain there unuttered, and came forth in dreamy musings. His musings were broken by a voice speaking just behind him—the one voice in all the world to him. " Gladys told me— Ob, Denzil! at last." The latter portion of t'fle sentence was spoken in his arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed of it, on his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein all the love and longing of yjars seemed to find expression, and she lay quite still, with the tears coursing down her face. In vain he tried to kiss them away; but she said to let h-jr weep, it did her good. The paroxysm of weeping soon spent itself, and Beatrice smiled up iuto her lover's face. "Now tell me," she said, raising her head a little from its resting-place, and clasping one of hi3 brown hands in her two little white ones. " Now tell me, Denzil, how did you find me ? When did you come ? Why didn't you come before, I have wanted youBO much." | " My darling 1 and I you—all the j time. When I received that note from you— ' " Note! what note? I never wrote to you ' before you wentawayDenzil. Why should I ? we saw each other every day." | "See, darling, this letter, with your j monogram on it." I " I never wrote it, Denzil—never," she ! interrupted. ! " But how was I to know that • I had j never seen your hand writing even." j " Oh, Denzil! And after I told you how | I loved you!" i " Ah, dearest love, I was mad to doubt I you ; but there can be no true love without jealousy, and did I not know everyone would envy me my pearl, my flower ? When 1 received that cruel note from you \- -as I then thought—I was stuimed, broken-hearted, andwentto India at ouce, and have been there till sis weeks ago— when 1 was invalided home." TO BE CONTINUED. At a scientific conference in France, some interesting experiments were made on hysterical patients with drugs which were not actually administered, but were placed at the back of the patient's bead and were used without their knowledge. Unde'r t,hos« circumstances opium produced sleep, alcohol caused drunkenness, and absinthe '^romrhton paralysis of the legs. In women, camphor gave rise to religious ecstacy, and in men, convulsions. Many drugs were employed and all gave their characteristic effects, though they were all contained in phials or wrapped J ia caper, - 