THE BEST THISG FOB TIIE cointkt. Not A State Bank The position taken up by the Turner Government to wards the Credit Foncier scheme is, at the time of writ- ing. more satisfactory than AJV Tiu'nnv'c remarks oil Tues- day evening promised. Minis! ere. of conr.se. are to be judged by their latest utterances in Parlia ment, and uot by any Press para graphs, purporting to state their inten tions— kite-flying paragraphs, that may be disowned or fathered as occasion may serve. Tiie Government, according to the Premier's speech, on Tuesday night, refused to clear the way for conferring ou the fanners the advantages of cheap money. They insisted on tacking 011 to iheir Credit Foncier proposals a perilous and preposterous scheme for the estab lishment of a State Bank. They were | well aware that any cheap money ' scheme that is burdened by a State i Bank project of the extraordinary and experimental character lliey proposed : Lad not the ghost of a chance of pass- 1 iug through Parliament, either this ses- ; sion or tbe next. They knew, too, that the ; Credit Foncier proposals, apart from the j Slate Bank portion of the Bill, in which j they are set forth, could be duly j amended— they need some amend- ; nient— and passed this year. The j Premier himself says, "The Credit i Foncier scheme was fully discussed two years ago." Ministers must know, too — it is not to be assumed that they are ignorant of the facts relating to the sub ject ou which they propose to legislate- that the Credit' Foncier system has been successfully established, and has con ferred incalculable benefits ou agricul turists in almost every European coun try, without beiug coupled with any State Bank project, such as They pro posed. Knowing all this tlie Govern ment made an effort on Tuesday to bluff the Legislative Assembly into tiie belief that, they would not dissociate the Credit Foncier scheme from their precious State Bank experi ment. Sir John MTntyre ex pressly invited tliern to elect to proceed with only Part I. of the Bill .namely, that dealing with the amalgamation of the Savings Bauks and the Credit Foncier scheme. In reply, Mr Turner not only declined to abandon the State Bank part of the measure, but made it appear that he was prepared to reserve the Credit Foncier, as well j as the State Bank proposal, for the con- ! stderalion of Parliament— after tbe next general elections. The Government, said Mr Turner, held to the view that "tho only means of working the Credit Foncier scheme of. cheap loans was in connection with an institution, such as the State Bank, which was proposed in the Bill," and then, referring to the State Bank,. with which Ministers thus tied up their Credit Foncier proposals, he said, "the matter will have to be fought out at the next election." But what a difference next day after the able speeches of Messrs Shiels and Fink on Tuesday nieht.and the manner in which they were received by tbe country, Ministers felt certain that their State Bank proposals were doomed, and, as lias been their wont, after posing a bit, they ran away and abandoned iheni. Doubtless, after the debate on Tues day night, a certain stirring speech —made by Mr George Turner, Premier of Victoria — at the lun cheon off the Royal Agricultural Society, a couple of months ago, in tvhlch "the brat thing for the country" ivas emphatically declared to be cheap money for the farmers, was called to mind. The scheme was to be brought into operation at "tbe earliest possible moment" Once — some two years ago — a genial Postmaster - Gene ral made a light-hearted pro mise—since cheerily, endorsed by the eai> Mo,,e-r' aud ' lm cou,''l it nil conic p. when ;e Premier spoke 011 Tuesday V llow mo the Punier and Duffy promises , win,10?!1' mom'y ,Iu' farmers accord The!,! '"on asked on i i 7eS' rea'' 'hew inn. promises to be written down as after- ' mvfJ make-believe and political blar ney : Mel!, the farmers, to use an expressive -OlIoqttiaLsm. were about fuH-up of this 8ort of thing, even from a Government t.iat has admittedly— and it should fair ly be remembered to its credit - done good work in various ways, iu promoting agricultural .horticultural, mining, and other industries. 33nt no Government ean five long on its past records, if its present efforts result iu failure, and threaten disaster. The Turner Mlnis- ry, by the Premier's unwise speech ou Tuesday night, ran the risk of failing egregiouslv in providing cheap money 101 producers. It seemed likely that the country would bo landed in difficulties and disasters if the Slate Bank scheme should, by any possibility, be carried. 