THE GHOST AT WILDWOOD CHASE. ? A [By Rosa Muliiolland.] (Conolndod.) lnBomnia wns part of tho ailmonii from which I sufforecl, but at Wildwood I had found it scarcely irksome to lio awako and hear all tho rich, full sounds of tho life of tho summer night — the occasional rapture of tho nightingale, the urgent cry of the landrail in tho grass, tho distant lowing oi! cattle, tho rustling of tho woods. On this night tho marvel of Mayflowoi'a spiritual apparition absorbed mo ; she seemed to float through tho air of tho midsummer night and dawn, drawing me towards her. During tho next wook I was fevorish, impationf-, altogether the wo-so instead of the bottor for my absence from London. In my calmer moments I thought of breaking my engagements, pro tending inability to work on the portrait, paokiug up, and returning to London. Tho reason was that I made up my mina i.nar. w.io vision x iiuu seen was a roai vision, and that I was hungering to see it again. Therefore, I would escape whilo I had a remnant of sanity. I did not go, however, for tho insanity kopt me rooted to the spot. A week passed, and tho weird impression I had received was becoming a little woakenod. Occa sionally I admitted to myself that my imagination had playod mo a trick. One night, in a more than ordinarily rational frame of mind, and tired of lying awako, I arose, and, letting myself out by a garden door, went for a long ramble through tho park and out on the open downs, whore tho first faint breaking of dawn over took mo. It waB just during that spell of visible darkness which' is tho forerunner of the return of light, and while I stood on the verge of a small ragged-edged lake, skirted by trees and bushes — stood smoking calmly, and expeotnnt of nothing but the sunrise, that I had my aeoond vision of the spirit of Mayflower. I dropped my oignr and stood breathless, as tho first fluttor of tho slim robo came out of the tall rushes, and I beheld hor .-floating towards me, clad in long, light giirmonty, her , ymall head sot backwarda, her sweet eyes wide open, and full of that expression which, in tho pioture, moat fasoinated me— the high, strange, far-looking gn/,o which had so followed mo at times that I felt uttorly unable to esoape from it. Her hands gatlv rod the folds of her dress on her breast, as in tho pioturo, and she went by with a gliding movemout, liko a mist-wreath. I looked hor in the face, advauood towards hor, iuvoluu HHHHHMHHBHHHHHlBHMHMIIIi tarily stepped aside as she took no notice of me, and finally let her pass, daunted by her unconsciousness or iudift'orence. No sooner had she passed than I sprang to follow her. I would ppoak to hor at any cost. I made a spring to reach a mound in front of her, where I might again wait and watch her approach, but missed my footing and fell. When I had got upon my feet again she was gone, ^ The next day I laid down my brushes and told my sitfcer and host that I felt I was going to be ill, and had bettor bo at home. I went bade to London and had my illness— typhoid fever, the doctor said ; and I was extremely shaken when convalescent. To my great surprise tho doctor informed me that this illness had been of much service to me, and that, though weak and needing care, I was no longer in danger of oon sumption, If cautious I might live to be a vigorous mau. Extremely cheered by the news, I began to lookbaok upon my experiences of Wildwood Ohase as part of the hallucinations of the fever that had long been creeping ovor me, and with a smile and a sigh for Mayflower and her mysterious dream -sympathy I dismissed the little romauoe from my reinvigoratedmind. By Christ mas time I was completely recovered, and was gratified by receiving a note from Lord Wylder regretting my illness, and hoping that I would run clown to Wildwood during tho holidays for ohange of air. He wrote from Florence, saying the Chase was deserted this winter, but the housekeeper had received orders to make me oomfortable. My first impulse was to decline the invitation, but on second thoughts I decided to seize the opportunity of laying in a storo of strength for coming work, and of looking on the picture of May flower once more, this time with the eyes of bodily and mental sanity. After the day of my arrival had been arranged, something occurred to detain me in London, and I wroto to tho housoheepor naming a later date. Within two days of the later period I found myself free, and telegraphed that I was coming 24 hours sooner than had been my latest intention. Owing to the snow, which had fallen in tho couutry before it appeared in London, it happened that my telegram was not received, but of that I know nothing as I made my way along roads just oloarod for travellers, and arrived at my destination unexpected. The avenue had not been oleared, and leaving tho trap which had brought mo from the station at tho lower gates, I wnlked by the shortest way to tho house, wont iu by tho open back way, ascended to tho great hall without mooting any ouo, deposited my wrappings and rugs, and proceeded to make myself at home, awaiting the appearance of the housekeeper. Seeing firelight under the not quite closed door of the library, I turned in there, and glancing round the brown panelled room, book-lined and irradiated with firelight, I saw a figure rise from the hearthrug, and stand in a wavering attitude, like a wild bird poising for flight. The form of the head and shoulders was weirdly familiar, the shine of the eyes fell on me, like a blind ing revelation of things inconceivable. This was Mayflower, seen actually as if in the flesh, not by the ghost-seeing eyes of disease, but by the eyes of healthy manhood. So real was she, that after a long pause of burprise, incredulity, ending in complete assurance, I uttered some words of apology for disturbing a lady, and then remained gazing at her to see what she would do. A few murmured words in Mayflower's true voice — the voice I had endowed her with, but had never heard before —came towards me. What they were I did not catch, but the sound acted on me like a spell, and I stood silently gazing at her as she went past me, and disappeared out of the library. When she was gone I wakened up and rang the bell, and in a few minutes the housekeeper appeared bearing lights, and full of apologies. She had not expected me ; she must have misunderstood. I made my explanations, and then asked her as unconcernedly as I could who the lady was whom I feared my unlooked-for arrival had disturbed. 'Oh, that is Miss Mayflower,' she said. 'She loves this library, and lives in it mostly when she gets the house to herself. If you had come to-morrow, sir, as we expected, wou would not have caught sight of Miss Mayflower.' 'Do you mean the lady whose portrait is in the gallery?' 'Well, it is her portrait}; everybody says so. It proves her to be a true Wylder, orphan though she may be. These likenesses do turn up after a hundred years or more. There's Lady Gwendolen is the very image of her grandmother in the powdered hair in the left hand corner as you go out at the drawing-room end.' ' I thought I had seen all Lord Wyldor's grand daughters,'' I said, with an unacoountable sinking- of heart. ' ' Oh, she's none of them, 'poor child ; only a daughter of a far-off branch of the family, and was left in care of Lord Wylder as a charity, and has been educated to be a governess. When her health is a little stronger the ladies will get her a good appointment ; meantime she's here in my charge, and enjoys herself well when the family are all away from home. She's too shy to appear when there's company about the place.' I reflected, and drew rapid conclusions. 'She was here during my visit last summer!' I said. ' She was here and not very well, and I was greatly concerned about her. Her delicacy took an awkward turn ; she walked in her sleep, and only that I watched her something would have happened to her. Once I found she had been out of the house at night, and might have walked into the lake or killed herself by falling down a bank. It was a serious anxiety to me, and I did not like to tell the family. She's cured of it now, I am glad to say, and will very soon be able to go out into the world for herself. Not that I shall be pleased to lose her, for I am really fond of Miss Mayflower.' The rest is too sacred to be told, but Mayflower is the name of my wife. As I look at her this moment she is less mysterious, less dream- like than my first love in the gallery ; her cheeks have a warmer tint, her eyes a happier light than the eyes like grey water, which still look stirlessly out from the newly -leaved boughs of 100 springs ago, among the shadows of the old walls of Wildwood Ohase. But the likeness of feature is wonderful ; and there, now, as the little head, thatched with now-mown hay, is lifted^inder my sorutiny, the very eager, whispering look of the pioture comes out on the faoe, and, while the smile on her lips fades in wistful wonder, I remember, with a sort of awe mixed with, delight;, how I twice looked on this living and blooming creature of the flesh, and was fantastic enough to mistake her for a disembodied spirit. 