A French Prophetess Up-to-date people In the present day pride themselves upon an enlightened Scepticism ifi regard to much which their forefathers held to be Immutable truth. But no story' Is too absurd, no preten sion too ridiculous, for the same ad vanced persons to swallow when Its color ing happens to strike their fancy. The latest Instance comes from Paris, where the countrymen of Toltalre and Renan have given what Interest they c^tn spare from politics to the avatar of the Angel Gabriel, who is to be seen In the very appropriate situation of the Rue de Paradls. Words-worth spoke of the "old ereduUtles to Nature dear," with regret that they were no longer permitted to "bloom upon the stock of history." Cases like this of Mdlle. Conedon. otherwise known as "the Modern Prophetess," show that Wordsworth gave himself quite a premature concern. History, it Is true, no longer turns a credulous eye upon Johanna Southeott or the Cock Lane Ghost, tbe Devils of Morzlne or the Vir gins of Loudun, with which sonic far more respectable stories have gone by the board. But in return, the spirit which Engendered the mediaeval faith In witch craft and possession Is still alive, and finds a home In the bosom of Matthew Arnold's "average sensual man." no (matter how differently ha may choose to express It No story which bears on the supernatural Is too grossly Improbable to be welooir.ed with open arms by those who cater for the popular taste. Whether a hypnotist proposes to outdo the deeds of witchcraft, or Mr Edison gulls a reporter with absurd tales of Impossible warlike engines, or a faith healer claims supernatural assistance for hi* unproved cures, ear the Angel Gabriel tUscus.es Egyptian politics, the gobe mouches are ready to gape for his story, and the sciolists hasten to build new theories of the universe upon his "facts." In all ages the great majority have been equally credulous. But our time pro fesses to be an age of science, and that Is the curious part of the business. The fact is that modern scientific progress has passed clean over the heads of ordinary people; it exists only In the ampler ether of laboratories, the serener air of philoso phical transactions. The truly marvel lous results of science have impressed themselves on the general mind; while the methods which led to them, and by ■which they are weighed, remain High and aloof. Safe from the wolf's black Jaw and the dull ass's hoof. Those who see on all hands such practi cal miracles, as the »team-engine. th: telephone, and th* -phonograph, who ac cept the concl-ston* of the bacteriologist and the astronomer, see nothing more aurprhalng in telepathy or astrology, since they have no conception of tbe toil aotne processes by which science sifts the false from the true. Both France aai America have lately furalshed asaeh atrlkiac Instances of thla that It need be ao great matter of sur prise if we shortly sac another Johanna Southoott la thla country, talking a blas phußwUiie Jargon of the Second Coming. aad nMkaag a bane-some living by the sale of era thousand four htusthed Seals of Salvation, at the price of twelve ■wdllatig* to a galaes apiece. The mission of th* Freach "proj-heteaa" eonafsta In saw-awac her mouth lo tbe Angel Gabriel. ww*. speaaaaylt wfththeobjeet of saving aa tnaay aaata aa paaaaU*. ■ O-tat lataatUwhsa, at-asraaag to atr, ate at haatt: th* friMtwy A-Twa***! haa peadtctad that a bars- part af the gtobe will soon be destroyed by a visitation from Heaven, and that France, after falling a victim to the most sanguinary of all her Revolutions, will soon be re duced to half her present size. The Parisians are sa eager to listen to this tigm^r tie at first hand that Mdlle. Cenedon !s engaged a month ahead, as If she were a successful play at the Lyceum. Poor and rich alike, Jews and prorelytes. atheists, and Freemasons, princes of science and princes of the Church, the clergy and pious church gsier crowd her ante-rooms. The scien tific opinion, indeed, is that of Dr Dumont-Palller. who has described the your.g lady In question as une folic et une faxceusp. Rut scientific opinion has the very smallest influence upon the popular mind, which is too hungry for the marvellous ti consider whether it is digestible. Further evidence of that is supplied by the recent excit'-m.-at into which the Unites! States were thn-.wn by Schlatter, the New American Messiah, as his dis ciples called him. This impostor rose at a bound f.-.'.n a Cobbler's stall to a station in the ceii:'--tial hierarchy quite '».'"■ exalted to li; named. After a fast of seventy-five day:.—what a chance for the late .Mr Banium .'—he began faith healing, with th? usual success attendant on such claims. The halt, the blind, and the curious flacked into Denver from all parts of Colorado, "the holy blissful Schlatter far to seeke." und quite a number of them said they were cured. Schlatter at once went to the top of •.he medical tre-.-. Letters from the suffer ing poSJed In at the rate of over a thou sand daily. Handkerchiefs were blessed and i:.-it out to those who could not attend ia person, and by their means a boy -'suffering from a terrible chronic catarrh . . . was entirely cured." and the world was gravely assured that "the sensation e.f touching the hand of Schlatter was something like an electric current b-*lng turned on." So widely was his fame spread that a special ser vice was started by the Union Pacific Railway, by which a happy day at Den ver and a selected miracle were placed within th? reach of thousands of excur sionists for a dollar.—"World." 