Diocesan. The Bishopric of Port Augusta. CONSECRATION OF DR. MAHER. An Impressive Ceremony. One of the most imposing ceremonies ever solemnized by the Church in this diocese took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday last, when the Most Rev. Dr. Maher was consecrated Bishop of Port Augusta. The whole ceremony was of an extremely interesting character, and was carried out with great pomp and splendor. The appearance of- the altar, with its decorations and the varied colors of the vestments used by the prelates, priests, and acolytes, all combined to throw an irresistible charm of dignity and graceover the proceedings. It is prescribed by ecclesiastical canons thatthereshould be three bishops present, and consequently there were Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, and Dr. Reville, Bishop of Sandhurst. In all probability the Cardinal and Archbishop Carr would have been present had not the consecration of Monseignor Yerdon as Bishop of Dunedin interposed. The cere mony was of great length, and lasted from 11 o'clock in the morning until a quarter to 3 in the afternoon. Special arrange ments were made by the members of the Royal Comic Opera Company to s ng Mercadante's Mass in B flat with male voices only, and their excellent rendition of the different solos, concerted pieces, and choruses added very greatly to the THE RIGHT REV. JAMES MAHER, BISHOP OF PORT AUGUSTA. impressivene8s of the occasion. His Grace the Archbishop of Adelaide, wear ing the cappa mayn't, occupied the throne, the assistant priests being Archpriest Nevin and Father Knright. Father Hurley acted as deacon, and Father Murphy subdeacon, with the Yen. Arch deacon Russell, V.G., as assistant priest. The masters of ceremonies were Fathers McEvoy and Cosgrave, and the magnifi cence and order of the celebration was largely due to their care and arduous preparation, while the Sisters of Mercy deserve great credit for the handsome and artistic way the altar was decorated. The following priests were present from the Port Augusta Diocese :—Rev. Fathers Carroll,. S.J., O'Dowling, S.J., Norton, R. Doyle, and Cleary; the other priests being Rev. Fathers Reshauer, S.J., Dietel, S.J., Vincent, C.P.,. T O'Neill, Delahunty, Williams, Comes, Healy, Martin, and Carey (of Sydney). THE NEW BISHOP. When the announcement reached Ade laide last January that the Rev. J as. Maher had been appointed to the Bishopric, rendered vacant by the pro motion of His Grace the Archbishop, very general satisfaction was expressed. It was considered as a fitting reward for the zealous cgre and labor which he had tendered to his parishioners in the Port. Augusta diocese. The meeting which was held to select a priest for the vacant See nominated the Very Rev. Dean Ryan as digiiisilmus and Dr. Maher as dignior, but as Dr. Maher had labored so long and bo zealously in the diocese, the Holy See was no doubt influenced in Savoring his nomination The Rev. James Maher was born in the parish of Ballyneil, Tipperary, and is now 53 years of age. He was edu cated at the Mount Melleray Grammar School, and continued his priestly studies at St. John's College, Waterford. After being ordained at Maynooth he arrived at Adelaide in 1868. He first took charge of the educational seminary in Franklin Street established by Dr. Sheil, and was afterwards stationed at Kadina, Mount Barker, and Kapunda. When the northern areas were opened he went to Pekina, and remained there until his ap pointment as bishop, and his parish was considered as one of the most Catholic districts in the colony. The northern portion of the colony was constituted a separate See in 1887, and in 1890 Dr. O'Reilly appointed Dr. Maher as first Vicar General. After the appointment of His Grace the Archbishop to the Metro politan See Dr. Maher was appointed Administrator of Port Augusta. He at tended the Plenary Council at Sydney in November last, and signed the pastoral issued by the Council as Administrator of the Diocese of Port Augusta. His Grace the Archbishop has always entertained the highest admiration for Dr. Maher, who rendered him great service in connection with that great financial cam paign which led to such gratifying results, and which has made Port Augusta quite famous in the north. His Grace said : " So convinced was I of the value of Father Maher's services to myself in the campaign, and so grateful to him, that I repeatedly gave expression to my convic tion, both in print and by word of mouth, that to him I owed the happy results accruing to the diocese during the seven years *of my administration." THE CEREMONY of the day, which we fully explained in last week's issue, was begun by vesting the consecrating bishop (Dr. Corbett), the bishop-elect (Dr. Maher), and the assistant bishops (Drs. Moore and Reville). The consecrating prelate then sat before the centre altar, and after being saluted by the bishop-elect and assistant bishop the latter said to the con secrating prelate—"Holy Church de mands that this priest present be raised to the Episcopate." The Apostolic Briefs were then demanded, and were read aloud by Father Norton. After the oath was taken by the bishop-elect the ex amination was commenced, and consisted of 17 questions. These having been answered in the affirmative the Mass of the day was begun in different chapels. The bishop-elect and assistant bishops went to the altar of the Sacred Heart, and while Dr. Corbett was chanting the prayers of the Mass, the quiet tones of Dr. Maher resounding from the adjoining altar lent a grand effect to the ceremony. After the Epistle the assistant bishops and the bishop-elect returned to the main altar, and shortly after the whole congre gation knelt, while the Litany of the Saints was chanted by Fathers Norton and O'Dowling, the responses being given by the choir. During the chant the bishop-elect was lying prostrate before the altar as a token of humility, and the Veni. Creator was intoned by Dr. Corbett. The anointing of Dr. Maher with holy chrism was then begun. A piece of white linen was placed on his forehead, and the sign'of the Cross was made on the crown of the head, the consecrator saying, "Be thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest by heavenly bene diction in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." His handB were anointed and bound with white liuen. The crozier.was then blessed «nd given to the bishop-elect. The assistant bishops and the bishop elect then returned to the altar chapel, and the offertory was read. They then returned, and the bishop-elect presented the consecrating prelate with two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. The Mass was then continued by Dr. Corbett and Dr. Maher at the same altar, and at the Communion they both partook of the same host and chalice. Shortly after the initre was blessed and put on the head of the bishop-elect, and he was enthroned. The bishops then con ducted him through the church and he im parted his blessing to the congregation. At the end of the Mass he gave the solemn Pontifical blessing. The Te Deum was then sung by the choir, and thus con cluded one of the most solemn and inspiring ceremonies which has ever been celebrated in this diocese. THE SERMON. The Rev. Father Dietel, S.J., of Nor wood, preached a very eloquent sermon on the historical origin of the Sacrament of the day, with explanations on the ritual. He took his text from Acts xiii. It was necessary, according to ecclesiastical law, that the consecration of a bishop should take place either on the feast of an apostle or on a Sunday, because a bishop should always follow in the footsteps of the apostles. Three bishops (if possible) should be present to offer prayers for the bishop about to be consecrated. Then the examination, which was a very im portant portion of the ceremony, referred to the canons of the church and to orthodox faith —more especially to the question of the Holy Trinity. St. Paul had made this injunction to Timothy as the epistle showed. It would be noticed that while the Litany of the Saints was being chanted the bishop-elect lay pros tate before the altar, which signified the necessity of the humility and self-sacrifice which should inspire him. The book of the gospel was placed on the neck and shoulders of the bishop-elect, as illus trating that he was to be the keeper of the faith in which he trusted. Holy Chrism was used in the anointing. This was a mixture of oil and balsam, the oil signify ing purity of conscience, and the balsam the sweet odor of a good name. The crozier was emblematical of his pastoral office, and the union of bishop and church was symbolized in the ring placed on the anular finger. The preacher dwelt very eloquently upon the necessity of recog nising the spiritual significance of the ceremony. Next week we hope to be able to produce the sermon in extenso. THE MUSICAL SERVICE. Elaborate preparations were made by the members of the Royal Comic Opera Company to render Mercadante's cele brated Mass in B flat. The Sanctus of the Mass is arranged from Mercadante by Biedermann, and is quite new to Aus tralia, while the offertory piece, Ecce Sacerdos Magnus, was composed by Stadler, and arranged for male voices by Mr. Sydney Deane. Only male voices were used, and this added very greatly to the solemnity of the occasion. The following gentlemen took part :—Tenors, Messrs. Neilson, Rosevear, Beaumont, Belian, Keiley, and Balfour; bassos, Messrs. Leslie, Briggs, Ambrose, BathurstV" and Young. Mr. Sydney Deane acted as conductor, and Mr. Chas. Beetham pre sided at the organ. It was, however, a matter for regret that the organ could do so little justice to the excellent singing of the choir, and the beauty of many of the pieces was much handicapped by the inadequacy of the organ to properly per form its various functions. The first piece—the Kyrie—was sung by the choir in chorus, and showed their voices to be well balanced and nicely blended, while the Gloria, in Exeelsis was sung with great expression by Messrs. Neilson, Behan, and Briggs. Domine Beus was a duet by Messrs. Leslie and Neilson, and their voices resounded clearly through the church, Mr. Leslie^" being a tenor of good range and quality, which blended well with Mr. Neilson's tenor notes. The Qui tullis was given tyy Messrs. Briggs, Behan, and Neilson, and the Cum sancto spiritu was suhg in chorus. The choir sang the Credo, and Messrs. Neilson, Balfour, and Leslie sang Et incarnatus. The excellent baritone voice of Mr. Briggs was shown togood effect in Et iterum, and perhaps the best concerted piece given was Et unam sanc tum, by Messrs. Neilson, Balfour, and Briggs. It was undoubtedly an excellent rendition. The Et ex/ecto was sung in full chorus. Iu the Sawtus Mr. Briggs did full justice to the baritone solo Eleni sunt emit, the company joiuing in the " Hosaona." Mr. Stanus Leslie showed finished style in the Benedictus, and the solo in the Agnus Dei was sung by Mr. Neilson, the chorus taking up the Bona nobi, which proved an excellent conclu sion to the singing of the Mass. The re sponses to the Litany of the Saints and the Te Beum were given by Mr. W. Gordon, assisted by a few voices. After the Mass the choir adjourned to St. Francis Xavier's Hall, where light re freshments were provided, and His Grace the Archbishop personally thanked them for their generous services, aiid expressed himself highly pleased at the manner they had rendered Mercadante's great Mass. VESPERS. In the evening Pontifical Vespers were given before a fall congregation, which thronged every portion of the church, the aisles being crowded with people standing. As this was the first Vespers chanted by Bishop Maher great importance was naturally attached to the Benediction. Father McEvoy recited the Rosary, at the conclusion of which all the bishops and priests marched into the sanctuary in solemn procession. His Grace the Arch bishop occupied the throne, and Bishops Corbett, Reville, and Moore assisted. The Bishop of Port Augusta gave bene diction, and was assisted by Father G'Dowling as deacon and Father Norton as sub-deacon. The altar was again hand somely decorated, which was much en hanced by groups of candelabra. Father Vincent (Provincial of the Passionist Order in Australia) delivered an excellent sermon on "The patronageof St. Joseph," and said :— On this the third Sunday after Easter, with the echoes of the " Alleluia" still ringing in our souls, with the joys of the risen life of Jesus lighting up our lives, with the peace peculiar to this holy time, by God'g special blessing I trust, reigning in our souls, our Holy Mother the Church directs our thoughts to one chosen by God from all eternity to take his part in the fulfilment of the mystery of the Incarnation. St. Joseph, by the eternal will of God, was not permitted to share the sorrows of Calvary or the joys of the resurrection on this earth, but who can say how far it was given to him to anticipate the one and the other whilst here on earth, or how he rejoiced beyond all the saints, prophets, and patriarchs of the old law when the soul of Jesus Christ lighted up the Limbo of the Just, and " led captivity captive." What joy must have filled his soul when the choirs of heaven welcomed him who had protected the King of Heaven, watched over Him in His infancy, lived with Him in exile that His life misrht be saved from Herod. labored for Him and with Him in His hidden life, and now, after the labors of His public life, and the ignominies and tortures of His passion, sees Him trium phant, risen glorious and immortal, vic torious over death and hell. May we not, after example of the saints, picture to ourselves the King of Heaven constituting Joseph a ruler and dispenser of His heavenly gifts in the realms of the just, as another, an earthly king, constituted another Joseph dispenser of his earthly goods, and as Pharoali said to the Egyptians in their distress, " Go to Joseph," so may we imagine the King of Kings and Lord of All saying to all those who are in spiritual and temporal dis tress—"Go to Joseph." The preacher then went on to prove the dignity of this Jgreat saint by considering that St. Joseph was the heaven-appointed protector and guardian of Jesus and His Virgin Mother Mary, showing the part taken by him at the birth of the Divine Infant, the flight into Egypt, the return from exile, and the three days' loss in Jerusalem. The Gospel is silent about Him except that "Jesus returned with His parents to Nazareth and was subject to them." It __:was not said that He was subject to the Blessed Virgin, but subject to "them," which plainly indicates that St. Joseph recognised His divinity even in His child hood. We do not know for how many years He was subject to them, but it is piously believed 011 the authority of tradi tion that it was till the end or towards the end of His hidden life. Father Vin cent pictured the Holy Family at Naza . retli, and drew some practical reflections for all Christian families, who to deserve the name must strive to model their house and train their families to the practise of the virtures shining forth from the Holy House at Nazareth. Why, my dear brethren, asked the very rev. preacher, do we find so many disunions, ^bickerings, and heartburnings among families in this nineteenth century ? How is it that in the present generation there are ,so many disobedient, unruly, and wAywprd children, who bo readily throw off the* authority of their parents ? There are many reasons. First, a neglect of a thorough Christian education; second, a want of correction ; and third, the want of exemplary lives on the part of parents. The Scripture says, "It needs be that scandals come, but woe to that man by whom scandal cometh." Yes, woe, and double woe to the father, and greater woe to the mother who would scandalize their little ones. The father will often rush to the brink of a precipice to save his child from barm, the mother will spend night after night watching over the sick one, but not one finger will they lift to advance thejr, spiritual interests. What then, I ask, is the cause of this ? Because indeed they do not model their house upon the same glorious lines as St. Joseph modelled his. The present reigning Pontiff in his wisdom has brought our holy saint promi nently before the Christian world by blessing confraternities and pious associa tions, and granting indulgences to those who join them. Not only was St. Joseph protector of the infancy of Jesus and head of the holy family, but the same great Pope Leo XHI. has proclaimed him protector of the universal Church of God upon earth. In referring to Bishop Maher, Father Vincent said—You have had the privilege to-day, ray dearly beloved brethren, to witness the consecration of the new pre late, and Bishop Maher may well be proud that he enters upon his new and glorious duties under the patronage of this great saint. May the Almighty always shower his choicest gifts and blessings upon him, and may he return to his people with his faith as firm and lasting as the rocks of his own dear native Tipperary. I sin cerely hope and pray that St. Joseph may always protect him and console him in his difficulties, and when the tinal hour shall come, as come it must, may he breathe forth his soul in this life to be welcomed with outstretched arms by Jesus, Mary, and Joseph. The members of the opera company assisted in the choir. The Gregorian Vespers were sung, and the lady members of the choir sang the Regina Coe/i. Mr. E. J. Hogan sang an Ave Verum, written by Murphy, with excellent expression, and Messrs. Behan and Briggs sang the Tantum ergo, which we mentioned as being composed by Nava, the instructor of Santley, and which was produced through the kindness of the Sisters of Mercy, who presented the piece to Mr. Behan. It was sung with good taste, and the voices blended beautifully. 