DRAMATIC NOTES The dramatic sensation of the week has been the production of the Boueheron- Audran Operatic Comedy Miss Decima" at Sydney Lyceum, with the full strength of the Comic Opera Company to give it with zest. The English version, by F. C. Burnand, is, of course, the one given in Sydney, and it is spoken of in rapturous terms, the piece being likely by all accounts to remain a favourite with the public. Miss Juliet Wray and Miss May Pollard have the leading female parts, while Lauri, Brownlow. Pounds, and Bracy are also provided for. The season in Sydney has only three weeks more to run. The other Sydney productions have been " Monte Cristo," at Her Majesty's, and "The Lancashire Lass" at the Royal. "Wanted a Wife" still goes merrily at the Criterion, but is shortly to be succeeded by Irish drama. The Cogill's have a strong company at the Opera House. "The Land of the sea" does not appear to have taken Melbourne by storm. The scenery of the production is greatly admired, as it was in Sydney, but the play itself is pretty generally summed up as somewhat dis- appointing.' Mr. Hedley did not per- form his promised equestrian "leap for life" across a 22ft. chasm, owing, it is said, to the impossibility of finding a horse to make the jump. Miss Maud Williamson played the revengeful Maori heroine, and Mr. Edwin Kelly did Mr. Leitch's part, that of the wicked old pilot who claims to have " got ligion. Messrs. Brough and Boucicault's latest Melbourne production is Fedora in which Mr. Brough plays the name part, and Mr. Titheradge Loris pan off. This is the company's first performance of Sardou's play, the rights of which they acquired only during the Sydney season. In " Trilby," as it is to be played in Australia by an American company, the Trilby will be Miss Edith Crane, an American actress, who has played the part in New York, and the Svengali Mr. Reuben Fax, a character actor of some celebrity. Mrs. Potter and Mr. Kyrie Bellew, also under engagement to Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove, will commence a dramatic season at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, in succession to the " Trilby " season. A dramatic adaptation of Rider Haggard's "Jess," by JackWrangbam, will shortly be produced at the Melbourne Alexandra, of which the author was manager during the early part of Mr. Dampier's ownership. An original i drama entitled "The Factory Girl," dealing with the sweating trouble in Melbourne, was the lost piece produced at this theatre. Harry Rickards has taken a strong variety company to Brisbane, and is doing very well at the Opera House there. George Dean, the comedian, is oil to England, and is to have a benefit in Sydney before starting. Mr. W. H. Walsh's engagement with Minnie Palmer came to an abrupt termination, owing, 'tis said, to the fact that " the ghost wouldn't walk." Bland Holt is still, in New Zealand. He will produce during his next Melbourne season Sutton Vane's " Cotton King," "Colonial Born," "The Derby Winner and " A Soldier Boy." The Taylor - Carrington Company 1 have opened in Perth, W.A., and intend staying in the " Golden West for three months. The company is composed of twenty-five artists, and they can give thirty plays. Mr. Arthur Garner has sailed for America in quest of artists for the new music-hall which Mr. " Tattersall ", Adams intends to open in Pitt-street, Sydney. Mr. Garner's tour for talent will include England as well as America. Juliet Wray has been laid up in Sydney with a sprained ankle ; a banana skin caused the fall on to the hard, hard pavement. There is to be a Jubilee performance of the "Elijah" at the Crystal Palace next June. "Dr." Mendelssohn directed the original performance of his great oratorio at the Birmingham Town Hall on August 20, 1840. The tenor and contralto of this performance still survive. The tenor in question was Charles Lockey, then a rising singer of 25 years of age, and still senior vicar choral of St. Paul's Cathedral, a post he has held AS years. Miss Martha Williams, the contralto of that memor- able festival at Birmingham, is Mr. Lackey's wife, who also happily survives. In an interview recorded in the " Bos- ton Journal" Madame Camilla Urso, the gifted violiniste. said of her recent Australian tour : " They are darlings in Australia, When they like you they treat you like a queen, They are wildly enthusiastic. It is different here in America. There audiences applaud if they are pleased, and you can't say that they are cold in their reception nor lacking in appreciation. But in Australia they not only applaud, they rise to their feet and wave their handkerchiefs and scream their approbation. It is really a great incentive to on artist to meet with such a reception as that Signor Sapio accompanied us on our tour as musical director. He led the orchestras of Melbourne with splendid success. He composed a march for the ladies of Melbourne-' The Oriental March.' It was an immense success. It seemed to breathe the very atmosphere and spirit of that beautiful climate. Madame de Vere Sapio was feted and showered with honours in Australia. It was in a time of terrible financial depression that we were there, and while they, of course, did not shower diamonds upon us, they did shower' us with flowers, and they showed a keen appreciation of the fact that we had come a long way to entertain them." Loie Fuller goes to Nice after her next London engagement, playing three nights a week-the " off nights of the Opera Company-on share of 33 per cent. The house holds £300 she is confident of drawing her £100 every night. When last in New York professionally-she earned 3600 per week, playing three theatres - the Broadway, the Gaiety, and Haimnor steen's Opera House, Harlem. She is not pretty. She is not young. But that does not matter, as in her entertainment she emulates, the enviable position of a certain Gilbertian lady, and produces her effects " in the dusk with a light behind her." A bronze memorial tablet has been placed on the house at the corner of Sixth and Spruce streets, Philadelphia, in which Joseph Jefferson was born. The tablet is 2ft. by 3ft., and bears the following inscription : " Joseph Jeffer- son, the actor, was born here 20th February, 1820. Here's your good health and your family's. May you all live long and prosper.' " The inscription is surrounded with a laurel branch, and at the bottom right hand corner is a student's lamp. At a recent meeting of the London County Council Earl Carrington was instrumental in bringing Mr. Tree to book for increasing his rows of stalls at the Haymarket Theatre. The actor manager replied mildly and ingenu- ously that he had not thought it necessary to inform the council of the change, because the seats were tip seats, so that no "blocking" was caused. But Mr. Tree was ordered to replace those seats, tip or no tip, and London theatre-goers thus have reason to thank Lord Carrington for his timely action during the " Trilby " craze. Chevalier is about to try his London coster songs in the States. In the. Carl Rosa Opera Company's production of " Jeanie Deans " Miss Alice Esty, it is said, was an ideal Effie. Mr. Alec March gave an admirably dignified reading of David Deans. Mr. Harry Pringle has played a baritone part in this and other productions of Mr. Rosa in a way that has gained him flattering recognition from press and public. The executors of the late David James, of " Our Boys " fame, have decided, in the exercise of their powers, to denote £10,000 to the English Actors' Benevolent Fund. Bryan England, late of Bland Holt's company, is now stage-managing at Daly's Theatre, London. England is an ex-lieutenant in the Royal Navy, and a torpedo expert, but he threw up the sea for the stage, after a life of wild adventure in different parts of the world. Mr. Henry Arthur Jones's latest play, " Michael and his Lost Angel," is a failure in London. After keeping it in the bill for a wintry week or two, Mr. Forbes Robertson has had to arrange for a version of Coppers "Pour La Couronne " to succeed it. Miss Nellie Farren season at the London Opera Comique was also a failure. It is suggested that this would not have been so if Miss Farren had been able to appear. " Two well-known authors," it is explained, were ready with a play in which she would have been " discovered " seated as an arbitrator in a comical dispute. Lord and Lady Sholto Douglas were recently getting £60 a week for their joint services in a San Francisco theatre. Her ladyship did a special turn, but Lord Sholto had only to walk across the stage as one of the invited guests at a party. The hopeful scion of the House of Queensbury has, however, been the mark and butt for all sorts of contemptuous remarks in some of the local newspapers, quite enough to make a man of ordinary sensitive- ness go and hang himself. Mr. Chas. Arnold, who closed the Johannesburg Amphitheatre for a few days during the recent Transvaal crisis, re-opened on 11th January to a crowded house. Several actors, formerly resident in Australia are in his company, which consisted of Miss Dot Frederic, Miss Julia Norman, Miss Carrie Nelson Little Jessie Mead, and Messrs. C. Faberb, Harold Chichester, George Leopold, and A. G. Poulton. In the course of an interview, Mr. Arnold expressed his confidence in the prospects of the country, and announced his intention of carrying out to the letter the theatrical campaign mapped out for him when he arrived at the Cape. The Calcutta theatres are just now maintained by companies of actors who have visited Australia. Mr. Twinning's company, at the Corinthian Theatre, was headed by Miss Jennie Lee in "Poor Joe," "Run Wild," and "The Grasshopper," and by Miss Lucia Harwood (at one time with the Brough-Bou assault Company) in "The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsworth." At the Theatre Royal Tommy Hudson's Variety Co., formed in Adelaide and Sydney, included the Perman Trio, Harry Shine, Prove, the Bovis Brothers, Miss Isabel Webster, and others, At the Opera House, " Fun on the Bristol " was running, with John F. Sheridan, Gracie Whiteford, and Vera Patey in the cast. Up to end of November it is recorded that Miss Lee's company was not doing good business. ____^___^_ 