LATE GENERAL NEWS. ' The Victorian Attorney-General holds that Chief Justice Madden Jb vrrong. in his decision in the cbbo | against Rappiport and Baxter, Ho holds that Mra, Boulter waa not charged within the meoningot tbo Act and should have been compelled to give evi dence, There is, however, no means of reviewing the ease. John Daniels, the well-known jockey, was thrown at Caulfield yesterday, whilst riding a horse exercise and dangerously injured. Many Newcastle minors are finding work in tho Southern colleries. The feeling amongst the miners ia in fayour of declaring an armiBtice and resuming work at tho northern collieries pending arranging a conference. The -most wonderful city within the limits of tho United States, one whioh has no oxiBtenco whatever during the summer months, is Fish City, Michigan, This municipal oddity is built on the ice of Saginaw Bay regularly every winter, and is ocoupied by men and their families who aro engaged in catoh ang, cleaning, and packing lake trout and whitefish for the market. Fish City is situated in the samo cove every winter, and is built of rough pino boards, In the winter of 1803-94 it had a population of nearly 3000, and in 1894-95 almost twice thab number. Sir Georgo Dibbs thinks Governmenb proposals for Lady Paikes miserable, and suggeetB £200 a year for lifo for tho former, and £100 a yeor for eaoh child till 21, Sir Georgo can always do things better than other people whon ho lias not tho opportunity of doing them. When ho has the opportunity ho generally falls lamentably. The number of petitions lodged in Bankruptcy biuco the beginning of the yoar iB 563. During tho hearing of the equity suit Shippley v. Hayter, which has ocoupied tho attention of Mr. Justice Owen during the past fortnight, evidence was given that Edward Shippley, who is alleged to have been coorced into Blgning a will and deedB of gift disposing of certain property in the district of Burrawang, had concealed in a chimney 063 sovereigns. A suspected pereon named William Flowers, who describes himself ns a shearer, was arrested in Sydney yesterday and at his residenoo Wnverley was found tho racing bicyole stolon some timo back at .Newcastle, and for whioh the notorious prisoner Hareford is now awaiting- trial. In Flo were' ro.m was a bag stuffed with silver and plated ware, | and other valuable trifles. Tho Colonial Secretary states that the Govern ment outlay upon benevolent institutions amounts to £280,000 per annum. There is a great big moral concoaled somewhere in these figures. Mr. Brunkor told tho people assembled ab the laying of tho foundation stone of the new Benevolont Asylum at Waratah yoBterday, that tho day was faBt approaching when tho stato would havo to consider tho question of granting pensions to aged persons. A farmer named Saunders, residing nt Toorodin, Victoria, has just taken a swarm of bees and a kerosene-tin full of honey from inside tho skeleton of a bullook, near the Groat Southern railway line, at Koo-wee-rup Weat. The animal about a year ago became ontangled in some barbed wire, and died there, and a swam of boea came along and mado their hive in tho carcase. 'A similar inoident is alluded to in the Bible (14th ohaptor of Judges), where the bees built a lilvo in the carsaBO of a lion slain by Sampson. A deputation, representing the whole of tho in terests of the Illawarra district, yesterday inter viewed tho Ministor for Works to urge the construction by tho Government of a deopwater harbour. In his reply the Minister pointod out that thoro was a proposal t-^ construct a harbour by private enterprise at Lake Illawarra, and the Government would not bo justified in establishing another a few miles distnnt. At an early dute'he would bring tho matter undor the attention of tho members of tho Government for their decision. An inspection of some of the work oonnectod with tho charges mado by Mr. Varney Parkea against the Publio Works Department' waB under taken yesterday by Professor Warren' and Mr, McCredie, who wote accompanied by the Royal Oommlaslonor, . Judge Murray. , Hia .Honor returned the taking of evidonoo this morning, The Rev. George Daniels, a well-known Wesleyan minister of Victoria was found dead in a railway carriage at North Preston yesterday morning. He was 72 years of age. Very fow transactions wero rooordod in the Import mnrket yestorday, the quiobness boing ohlefly attributable to tno oarly closing of tho month. . . . , ? At Darling Harbour yestorday 00 bales of wool wero manifested, and 146 arrlyod coaBtwiso. A fair volume of business was traneaoted in bho Mining markob 'yoBtorday, bub priooa generally olosod weakor bhan on Wodnosday, though with a bottor fooling than ab bhe morning and neon meet ings of tho Exohango. Tho Customs revenue rooolved yesterday amoun ted to £5184. ' , ? ' Future specifications and oontraots for the construction of railways will loo fiamed with a viow to rendering, law auita by tho contractors muoh more unlikoly. ' 1 The total valuo of buttor exported from Victoria during tho past seven years is £8,146,474. During tho aamo potiod £2824 haa boon paid to dairy oxports, and £10,819 in conneotion with tho systoni ot supervising tho export. A batoh of 48 immigrant servant ' girls who recently arrivod nb Perth in tho steamor Port Phillip wero all engaged on Wodnosday, Ab bho Adelaide Polloo Court yoBtorday a man named Rudd waB charged with unlawfully disguis ing himaolf with a pleoo of whito oloth, and was thoroforo doomed to bo idlo and disorderly, On tho night of May 6 Thomas Meddal was on his way home, whon ho notlcod a figure in whito emorging from tho Woaloyan Cumotory. As it npprooehod him he hoard it say, ' Thomas Moddal, I claim you,' Ho aiiBworod, 'Tako mo than,' and struolc ib with a Btiak whioh ho oarrlod. The ghost ' olosod' wibh him, and in bho souffio tho sheeb wns disarranged, and Meddal identified Rudd, Tho dofondant was flnod 10j and costs— £4 6b In all. An elderly ninn unmod John Johnson waaohargod ab bho Tainworbh polloo oourb yesterday with attempting to commit sulaldo by throwing nimsolf into tho rlvor, Ho was found noar tho rlvor lying on bho ground web to tho skin, and shivoring with oold. In anawor to tho oon stnblo ho said that ha was tirod of life, and wanted to drown himsolf, but bho ourronb had washod him out, Tho polloo asked for a romand, bo pormlb of furthor inquiries being made. Alex MoPhoo, nooounbanb for Mr, 'W. H. Crokor, sollalbor, haa roportcd to tho Hawthorn (Vlo.), polloo that ho waa balled up by nn armod footpad In Powor-atroot, Hawthorn, at 0.80 on Wodnoaclny ovoning, nnd robbod of 26s nnd a gold watoh and ohaln, M'Phoo states that ho was on tho way homo from business, whon u man oauglib up wibh him, nnd producing a rovolvor, prossod bho tnuswlo agnlnab M'Phoo'a bomplo, nnd aald, ' Turn owb your pnokota.' Thoro wnn no poraon In alghb, and M'Phoo produood half n wovoroign, Tho man nnutohod lb from him, and said, 'JMighty poor I Turn out your pookots.' Tho rosult was tho addi tional IBs, Tho robbor then nskod for his watoh nnd chain, and having aoourod thom ho mado off ab a run In tho dlrooblon of Ittahmond, M'Phoo mob a party of oyollata shortly after, and nnkod thom to follow tho footpnd, bub thoy doollnod, with tho remark that ho might punoluro bholr blron. Tho Vloborlan Dofoneo Dopnrbmonb havo prao bloally dooldadto arm tho Vlotorlan forooa with tho Martfnl-Motford rifle, At Wnggn yestorday 48 blooko of land woro bhrown open for eolootlon. No loua bhan 474(1 up. plloatlona woro lodgotl by 270 aolootors, Judgo Hodgon hold ab Molbourno yontarday that bho Vaoolnatlon Aob provldod that tho only broaoh of bho law wia In nob vaaalnablng a ohlld within ntx months of Ibu birth, Tlionowlv- forinod Hampdon Driving and Cyoling Club hold its flrnb roualon in the Oonconnlnl Park, Sydnoy, yontorduy, and roporbn aay it waa noil nn unqualified imoontm, although bho Governor and moinbors of hln family book parb In bho funoblon, Tlio Club wan formod ostensibly to bring bogothor '?bho nloost nooplo in bho nloenb way,' nnd among bho ' nlooot pooplo who nub in an appoarnnaa yontarday who a ahlnoao oyollnb, whllnh tho foundorn of the oluh woro uninorolfully all 'iff od by bho hoi jpollof, who woro thoro In groab numboro, 