J i THE WHITE LADY. 0 BX E/ NKSB^T (rs 4'BLACK A>-I> WHITE.) ^ We were a great houseful of people. Tliey always had a houseful for 'Christmas at the Court, -I have spent many a merry Christmas tliere fcince, but, never one so merry as that,. I suppose it was because we were all youii" and at that, time of life when you only see the lights and none of the shadows. Besides Julian Joved me. I had been certain of that e\ er since we met at Scarborough in the summer ; and since I had been staying in his father's house, he had found a thousand little ways of making me more than sure that this dear old house was to be my home, and 1 the happiest mistress that ever owned it because Jviilian loved me. ' It was the night before Christmas Eve, and ?^vu y°u,?S folks were dancing in the big hall; and it was between two waltzes, as I sat resting in one of the deep window seats, sheltered by the heavy curtain, that Julian lifted the curtain, and passed in, and sat beside me. The window seat was in the shadow of the great stair, and the rest of the company were gathered round the pinno, and were laughing and talking so gaily, that his words were no more heard by them than the soft sighing of the pine trees outside. No one heard what he said but I, and no one ever shall hear; for you need not suppose that I am going to write down hero what ho said to me. But it was one of those happy moments that come so very seldom and that light one's life, when they do come, ' for a long, long way back and forward. And he told nie he should speak to his father the next day. Now I come of good family, and had a handsome property of my own. I was a nice looking girl in those days, and considered agreeable and accomplished, as girls went, So next day when I met Julian in the hall for a moment after breakfast, I never expected the answer to bo anything but "ye.s" when I said - "Is your father pleased with your choice?" To lny surprise Julian hesitated, then he answered : "I think he's pleased with my choice, but he begs us to consider nothing as settled until after Christmas Eve." " Why ?" I asked naturally enough. "I can't tell you now. It's a long tale, and those Danvers girls will be here in a minute. I promised, like the fool I am, to go skating with' them. But this afternoon when we come in to tea, if you should happen to be in the library instead of the hall, one might perhaps I get a word with one's .sweetheart." .. I The Danvers girls came in while he was ?speaking, but he finished his speech in my ear. with great calmness, and I went off to nurse my new happiness, and wonder at and delight in it until the time wa.s»come when I should ^e^l|imagain. I softly slipped 'into the library and closed the heavy door after me. The dusk was fall ing,: the firelight shone pleasantly on the glass of the bookcases and the gilt backs of the books, and I stood by the window and watched the skating-party come up from the lake. I hadn't had a word with Julian all day.. I couldn't skate, for I had promised my dear mother years before that I would never go 011 the ice, because my father had been killed by an ice accident. I saw them come up, jingling their skates and talking merrily, and two minutes later Juliiin was with me. " How nice and warm it is in here, my dear little love," he began. "I have been in pur gatory all day-such a cold purgatory too." And indeed his face was as cold as ice. When he had thawed,Ms hands a little by the fire, we sat down together on one of the leather-covered settees, and'he'.said : "Now, hwirt of lnine,' we have only a few, few minutes for all our stories and explana tions,, for I must get back to the other people before the tea comes in. . The real fact is .there's a ghost in our family." I turned my foot this way and that, to wiitch the play of the firelight on my patent leather shoe. "I don't think," I remarked, still looking down, " that a ghost would be an insuperable objection." " It's not quite that, " he said, hesitatingly. .' What is it?" I asked. . "The story is sure to be interesting ; tell it to me.'.' "Well, the story rims that a certain an cestress .'of mine ran away and got''married without, her parents' consent. The marriage; didn't turn out well or something. At any rate, she was plagued with remorse in her later years, and very inconsistently under took to appear and give her blessing when ever the heir of this house becomes engaged to a suitable young person ; and if she doesn't appear the engagement doesn't come off. That's .all."' "But do you mean to tell me," I ex claimed, for I could not help thinking he was laughing at me, "that you would give me up just because a stupid old ghost didn't put in its appearance at a certain hour and place ?" "No, I wouldn't," he replied. " but my father would never consent, and I am sure you would never marry me without his consent." " I'm not so pure of that," I.said to myself in a low voice. "I don't want to have any secrets from you, little woman ; so I won't pretend that I shan't feel a good deal happier if the ghost does appear 011 Christmas Eve, as I have no doubt she will do." "But am I to understand then, that ever since your ancestress . took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has appeared to sanction the engagement of each heir of the house in succession?" "Of course you will laugh at it," he went on 111 rather an injured way, "but that really is the story. ' My father will tell you that he saw it, and his father before him ; and I haven't the slightest doubt I shall see it 011 Christmas Eve. My father and I will sit up for the purpose." "A pack of old wives'stories !" I rejoined indignantly, "Look here, Julian, I'm not going to wait for the ghost to refuse me- and I'm not going to marry into a family that be lieves in such nonsense." "Oh! aren't you (" said Julian, quite calmly, "we shall- see about that, my dear. You know perfectly- well that I love yon so much that nothing on earth would ever in duce me to give you up. But you .see how much pleasanter it would be for everybody if the ghost gave us her blessing and in the orthodox manner." I really even then thought he was playing some sort of joke 011 me, but 110, ho was quite serious, and I. had actually to be in that ridiculous position of being engaged and not engaged for more than three days. And Julian was very careless and people were al ways coming in and finding us at different corners of the room as if we had just jumped there ; and once I am certain one of those Danvers girls saw him kiss my ear as we went upstairs before dinner. The night before Christmas Eve I really felt almost worried out of my life, and when 1 went uj) to bed I sent away my maid, put on my dressing gown, let down my hair and settled down in front of the tire to have a gooil cry. 1 had hardly begun, however, when there was a soft tap at my door and Lady Cary herself came in. She was a dear little old lady. At least, she couldn't, have been more than forty-live, but that seems old when you are only eighteen. "May I come in ?" she asked, in her soft pretty" voice, and came in at once, shut the door and. sat down opposite me in the other chair. "Dear, dear, dear!" sile said. "Now whatever is the matter "I'm tired," I replied, " and I've got a cold in my head." Lady Cary turned her eyes to the tire and fixed them there. "'Sucli a model of frankness and candor!'" she said, slowly; " that's what Julian said when he told me he was engaged to you. It came, it's true, at the end of a list of your 1111 ire important qualities, beauty and sweet ness and angelic charm." She suddenly raised her eyes to me, and I ere] it humiliated to the low stool at her feet, "I'm very sorry," I murmured ; "I didn't, know that Julian had told you anything, and it seems so strange to be engaged and nobody to wish you happiness, or good luck, or any thing, and to.be depending on a stupid ghost; and I think I was wishing, when you came in, that! there was someone, that- that my ?mother hadii'fc died when l Was quite a little thinu'." 'IX''. Lady Cary .stroked my hair. ' ihere, poor child," she said "there is someone. Tell me all about it," ? "And I told her all about l.tas well as I could, and when I had finished she broke out with a funny little laugh. ~ - . "My dear, I felt just as you do about it wheiLI was your age, and Lord Cary's mother came! to my assistance exactly as I am coming U, vo'nrs, and as I believe the lady of the house has always conic to her son s assistance ever cilice the White Lady pvonped to.'jvalk,... It depends 011 yon, my dear, whether Julian I and his father receive a satisfactory ghostly blessing on the engagement or not." "I wasn't crying a bit about the ghost," I said, hardly hearing what she said, "if-^ou will only say that you would likenie to be " " Of course I would, that's why I'm hero. It's my belief that the Lady Cary has always had a good bit of a voice in her son's choice. My dear, the White Lady .walked before I was engaged, and I had to undergo just such a tiresome probation as you are writhing under to-night, aiid my future mother-in-law showed me how to end it as you will end it to morrow." "IT "Yes; I have no doubt Julian told you that on Christmas eve the intending bride groom and his father, if the father be alive, are bound to watch in the.chapel from eleven till one, and across the gallery at the end the White Lady glides as the clock strikes twelve. You will have to practise gliding, my dear ; it's a diflicult art." " Then you mean that I-that you-." '' I mean that you must, in the character of the "White Lady, pronounce your own blessing on your own engagement, as I did on mine, .-mil as 1 believe nil the Indies of Cary have done on theirs. It's the secret, of the Lulics of this house, and I should never nave told it to you if I hadn't believed that ou are the best wife in the' world for my ulian." "Then you mean to tell me, Lady Gary," I said, when I had recovered from my delight at this little speech, " that you yourself placed the part of the ghost in this house." 'I did, indeed, my dear," she replied, " and it was the best night's work I ever did." And her voice trembled, and her face lighted up with the recollection of old happi ness. "I have got the dress still, the white satin and the pearls, and the veil that my mother in-law gave me ; they were miles too big for I me, and you shall wear them. The men are bound not to move from the chapel for an hour after midnight, which is a merciful pro vision to give one time to get comfortably out of the way before they can find any traces' of one. The way to the gallery is rather peculiar ; there are two secret doors to pass, but I will sho wyou the trick of these to-morrow, and I will be thereto receive you when you find your way back to the modern side of the Court. Ion mustn't be nervous about it." " Nervous !" I exclaimed, " there is nothing to be nerve us about; only one can't help " "No, don't say you can't help despising Julian for it. It runs in their blood, my dear, like their fair hair and their blue eyes, and you must take people as you find them, and make the best of them." She gave me another good kiss, and walked oft' with her bedroom candle. The next night at eleven she came again to my room. She dressed me in the white satin and pearls, and powdered my face thickly to give me the pallid look necessary for my ghostly character. It was always the custom at the Court to go to bed early on Christinas Eve, so that by a quarter to twelve the house whs perfectly quiet. I took up the heavy, old-fashioned silver candlestick I was to carry, and crept out of the room, my white satin and pearls covered by a dark cloak. I found the spring Lady Gary had shown me under ? a carved wreath on an oak panel, pressed it, the panel turned on a pivot, I passed in and it closed behind me. Then I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening lest anyone should have heard me pass from my room to this. But there was no sound-only I could hear my own heart beating. I walked along the passage in which I found myself. The dust lay thickly under foot, so that my steps made no noise as I walked. It was a narrow passage made of rough .stone work, and a door at the other end, which stood ajar and was easily opened, led me into a part of the house that I had never been in i before. It was the suite of apartments that had been occupied by the White Lady, and since her time 110 one else had lived in them. Everything was just as she had left it. Her garments and personal possessions were littered oil the tables and chairs. There was a lute, all its strings broken but one ; and one stiii dress on a chair looked to me so like a human being that I paused for at least a minute before I had courage to go up to it and see that it was only heavy gold brocade. The dull, dark tapestries on the wall swayed a little now and then-with the wind, I sup pose- but it seemed to me that something, anything, might be hidden behind them. My hand trembled so that I could hardly hold the candlestick, and the wax of the candle ran in a warm stream over my lingers. Lady Cary iiad said I should be nervous, and I cer tainly was. Then quite suddenly a thought came to me that sent all the blood rushing to my heart and nearly ehoked me. Suppose Lady Cary was wrong ; suppose there was a ghost after all, and here was I alone in the rooms sacred to its use and memory. It wouldn't bear thinking of. I grasped the silver candlestick and hurried on through the long suite of rooms. At the end of the last ante-chamber I came to another panel like the one in the corridor, pressed a similar spring and found 'myself on a little flight of stairs which Lady Cary had warned me led directly to the gallery. At the foot of this I was to wait till I heard the church clock begin to strike, then to walk forward boldly across the : gallery, and descend a flight of steps at the other side, which would lead me into a passage communicating with the suite of rooms I had just left. I didn't like the idea of that long sequence of mouldering emptiness behind me. 1 tried to get the panel to shut, hut it wouldn't act ; its hinges were stiii", and I was afraid of making them creak. There I waited ; and if it was a wrong thing to do to deceive my future husband in that way, I can only say I was well punished for it. What I suffered in tiiose five minutes 110 one can believe who simply sees it written down here. AS hat I should, have liked to do was to bolt back to my room like a rabbit and marry Julian in spite of all his father's oppo sition. But I have a habit'of carrying a thing through when once I have begun it. Besides, I didn't want Lady Gary to think me a fool. So I stayed there with my heart beating to that degree that i felt as if they could hear it in the chapel. At last- came the long, dull, slow stroke of the clock. I gathered up my satin draperies, held the candle high, and walked up the steps. It was a short flight, and 111 another moment I ivas in the gallery. My knees were knocking together with the double fear of being found out, and of diving again out of the comparative light and safety of the chapel into the unknown depths of that little dark stair beyond. The white 1110011 shone through the windows of the clerestoiy, and there was air here as well as light, and move ment, and human companionship ; for, as I stepped into the gallery, I saw in the chancel below the two figures of my lover and his father. They had two tapers beside them and watched as one watches the dead. I drew my veil over my fr.ee, held my candle high and walked forward. T felt rather than heard the hushed "Ah!" from the chancel which told that they had seen mo. Holding my candle iii^h above me I walked -for in that, hour of terror .my gliding lessons vanished fi'oin my memory, leaving no trace-to the other side of the gallery, and passed "jnder the low wooden doorway and down tlie llighfc of .stairs. The way was easy to find and, somehow, I felt that the worst was over now. True, there were_those deadly deserted rooms to traverse, but at the end of them, warmth, light, fire, my own room and Lady Gary, who was there waiting for me. So I followed the passage I found at the foot of the stairs till it. brought me to the sliding panel I had been unable to shut, which let me into the ante-room of the White Lady's bedroom. It was with a sigh of relief that I pushed it open and passed through it. ' ' I hastened through the dark rooms and was beginning to feel something approaching a return of what I always like to consider my natural fearlessness, whea l saw that-1;wasn't alone. There was another light in the great dark-.room and it was advancing towards me. My iiirst thought was-Lady Gary-and I hurried to meet her. Th'e next moment I saw the fear I had thrust from me in this room ten minutes before had been 110 idle terror. , It was not Lack Gary who was coming toiWu'ds me ivith cand e in hand up-raised in a silver candle stick It \yas;ii.otrL;ul7>j;'aixy,-ho,W(u:e.sntiti and jicarls and a death-v;]ute {face. It was the YHiite Lady-the ghost herself-iu whose character and in whose rooms I was madly masquerading. In the frantic struggle not to shriek, not to screa ii, not. to betray my presence here to Julia i and his. father, my candle slipped 'from i my hand. At the same instant the glioses light, too, was extinguished, aid I was alone in the dark-in the rooms of a dead woman, with that dead woman's face and form not three yards from me-in the dark. * r- - , 1 ? - "Ah.!" I ?drew'a-long breath.'- There iVafc a smell of vinegar and smelling salts. Some body was rubbing my hands. It was very cold. "Oh! thank God, you are better." It was Lady Gary who was speaking. I opened my eyes and looked at her. I was in my own room, pleasant and bright with fire and .lamp light. Lady Gary was bending over me with a very anxious face indeed. " It's all right, my dear. You fainted in those dreadful dark rooms. It must have been a great trial. I knew it would be. But you are quite safe now." I sat up ; the wet vinegar cloth flopped from my forehead as I did so, and fell on my hands. "Lady Gary," I said, "I have seen the ghost, the real ghost, and it came close to me in that dreadful room." "Your nerves are over-wrought," answered Lady Gary, calmly. " I don't wonder. You must have fancied some bit of drapery or shadow to be a ghost." '' It was as real as I am," I said ; ' 'I thought it was you at first. Oh, it is horrible, most horrible !" Lady Gary would not let me talk about it any more. She stayed with me that night, and in the morning gave out that I was too unwell to come to breakfast, which I certainly was, and about noon she came up to my room." " Xow," she .said, "everyone is out skating. Have yon the courage to come with me totlis White Lady's rooms, and find out what optical illusion it was so frightened you last ni^ht'!" "..T r," n." 1 i-i.: i. .1- » T x nuvu a uums.uiti cnmgs co asK you," i said. '? How did I get' back to my room ?'' " I got uneasy about you at- lust, and came to look for you," she answered. ''And did you carry mo back ?" Lady Cary laughed. " My dear, if we are to go we must go at, once,.orwe shall have the maids upon us." She throw a shawl round me, and wo crossed the corridor. The oak panel swung on its pivot, we passed through and it closed behind us. Li anotlier minute we were in the White Lady's rooms. Seen by the dim-daylight that filtered through the cobwebhed panes, the rooms were more desolate than over, and almost as eerie. But with Lady Cary's arm round me I could have faced it even in the dark, I thought. We passed through one room after another, but nowhere was there anything that could by the wildest imagination be. made to resemble white satin and pearls, and a raised arm hold ing a lighted candle. We walked to the further end and then retraced our steps. Lady Cary was just saying, "It must have been pure imagination," when I caught a glimpse of something moving at t-lie end of the room-something white-and stopping short, rigid with terror, I pointed towards it. "Look!" I said, "Look there-there it is . again." Lady Cary pub up her double eye-gkss and looked. '.'You poor, deal-, blessed little innocent," she said. " Don't you see that it's a looking glass, and reflects nothing worse . than your pretty self in your white dressing gown i" Even then I was hardly to be convinccd. Not till she led me up to the glass panel and I saw my own furred gown and scared face reflected in its depths did I understand the height of my folly the night before.' But then 1 was convinced, and Lady Cary led me back to my own room to pet and coax and laugh at me till I should be in a lit frame of mind to meet my lover. When I wont down to luncheon Lord Cary rose up before all the company. . and . kissed my forehead, and-welcomed me as his daughter and his son's wife ; and such before the next Christmas Eve I became. It was on the evening of our' wedding day that I felt I could keep my secret no. longer. "Julian," I said, " I hope you will forgive me. 11 have something horrible to tell you." " IVoceed^" lie answered, with a twinkle in his eyes. "But it really is hoirible,' itnd I don't know whether you will forgive lue. But I couldn't bear to tell you before, for fear it should interfere somehow, with our marriage." .' You rack me with suspense;" he replied, cheeiifully. -'-'-What-is-this horror that might have 'parted us at the altar steps?' Then I told hini how I had played ?the ghost on Christmas Eve ; and wh«n my tale was tindetl, I hung my head, waiting his re proaches. "My dear little woman," he said, putting his arm round me, "this is ancient history; Who; do you suppose, carried you out of the ^bost's-room-tliat- night?1'-.. "l)id you ? Did Lady Cary--?" " Of course she did.- You didn't suppose that a dear little shrimp of a woman, such as my; mother is, could carry my big, blonde beauty T . . " And you are not angry >" " Illo I look ithe asked. "And you think I was right, and your mother was right "Yes, sweetheart, and all the other fair ladies who have played the ghost on Christ mas Eve to win a superstitious Cary for a husband. I only wish we were bettor worth the trouble." As to that I have my own opinion. How TO Livi: LONG.--Everybody likes to obtain rules for long life. Some of them have been quite recently laid down by a man aged eighty-one for a grateful world. For the most part (says Sir Walter ? Besant) they hard, but easily." As most of us, of course, choose our own work, our hours, and our pay, we can readily follow this rule. We are to "avoid worry." Well, it is notorious that most of us are never worried or anxious ; wo all of us succeed in life ; we all get what we want; our plans never go wrong ; we are all of us perfectly happy. \Ye are to "avoid strong tea and coffee." , Weak tea, therefore, by all means-a very easy rule. We are to sleep the sleep of the just ; that is, all night long. Very good ; we can do all that, of course. AVe are not to smoke or take wine. Humph ! How about the centenarians of the last century, when there were so many ( They all took beer, wine and .spirits, and they all smoked tobacco. I don't think much of these rules. My own are much better, simpler, and more certain, as you will acknowledge. They are as follows :-(1) Choose your own parents for strength and health. (2) Choose your own position in life-an easy one. (3) Let all your work be successful. (4) Do not s [uarrel with your lot. (5) Let yi >ur residence and your occupation lie perfectly healthy. (<>) Do not full into any kind of disease. (7) Be perfectly fortunate in your birth, health, mar riage, occupation and your children. (8) Take only good wine and pure beer. ('.)) Keep out of accident. I believe that a rigid attention to these rules will generally insure for man-or woman-a prolonged, healthy, and happy old age. AITARITIOXS.-A most remarkable sensa tion was occasioned among the Jewish com munity at Morocco City on. the first day of the New year festival. It was about two o'clock in the afternoon (says the Jeu-uth Chronicle) when a guard- an Anil)-came to inform the Jews tliat while sitting close to their cemetery he had seen a number of ap paritions, clad in white, arise from the gravestones and engage in prayer. I fancy the man must have given himself over. somewhat loo freely to the delights of hxf. Nevertheless the as tounding statement caused some stir among the more credulous members of the com munity-particularly among the ladies, large numbers of whom flocked helter-skelter to the Jewish Cemetery. It is said that one of them, a widow, weiit so far as to take with her her husband's clothes, on the chance of finding him among the resuscitated ones. But the poor lady was doomed to disappointment, for neither she nor any of the others saw any thing' unusual in the cemetery. The above reads like a story, but it is a plain fact. SPKKOY INSECTS.-Science says that many insects can fly faster than birds. The common, housij-fly can ordinarily liy 25 feet a. second ; but when it is alarmed it has been found that it caii increase its rate of speed to over lliO feet per second. If it could continue such rapid! flight, for a mile in a straight line, it. would cover that distance- in exactly thirty three'seconds. A swallow is considered one of tlije swiftest of flying birds, and it was thought until recently that no insect could es cape it. A naturalist tells of an exciting chase he saw between a .swallow and a dragon fly, which i* among the swiftest of insects. The insect flew with incredible speed, and wheeled and (judged with such ease that the swallow, despite its utmost efforts, completely failed to overtake and capture it. 