WISE AND OTHERWISE. Tho car tli ly pnradiBO all nro ho wearily wait ing for in bore. Under the bonhficunt nway of a frcc-trado Premier, it ban fallen to tho Imppy lot of tho Now South WnlcH coloniwt to livo without work. Work is tho bano of man's life. "JiloHflod iB tho man who linH found hi» work, let him Hock no greater blcHHhig," was only preached by tho nccr of Craigonputtock hocnuBO ho had not tho incatimable privilngo of knowing tho Sydney Premier, who iKwaeiwcB tho secret of giving rout to tho weary workers. Ho is doing nil in his power to Rhut up their workshops and factories in Sydney, to givo them nmplo timo to study tho beautiful doctrine of buying in tho cheapest market and selling in the dearest. There 1h to bo no more toiling from early dawn. to dewy cvo ; no more sowing, reaping, sweating. Tho Sydnoy free trader is to occupy his timo consuming tho pro ducts of foreign countries, and pass tho livolong day in tho tropical sun of his nativo land with out a care on his mind or a ponny in his pocket. Mr. Smith, ono of the Labor members in whom Sydnoy delights, has confessed toan interviewer that ho is charmed hoyoud expression by tho Reid policy and declares that ho is already feeling tho benefits in a solid form of frcc- trado. A man may, nays Mr. Smith, now dino in S3dney like a king or a member of Parliament for Gd., "such is the ex- traordinarj cheapness of provisions in Sydney." This sixpenny moal docs not include beer. Hut a copious supply of that popular hcvorago tnav bo scoured for an extra 3d. What inoro, then, is there to strivo for? And he it noted this nine- penny blowout and liquidation is not what Mr. Smith calls "the meals of tho low class." Oh, dear no! It iu tho daily faro of tho swolls of Sydney, of Cabinet Ministers and of members of Parliament. That's what frec-trado has dono for Sydnoy — reduced its inon of light and leading to sixpenny moals. What Mr. ttmith calU tlio "low clasa" liavo to exist on three penny meals. Then, Hooray for froo-trado I Tho federal cause has after all not been dropped by Premier Reid, who finds it far too useful a stalking horse. Last week it wa9 " too soon yet " to fix a dato for tho Fcdoral Conven tion elections, but that was beforo Mr. Reid had got bis bat ready for play. Therefore that doesn't count. It is not too Hoon now for Mr. Reid to launch— in a purely federal spirit, of course — his scheme for gathering all the racca and peoples of AustraloBiu at tho projected Sydnoy exhibition in 1898, " to assist," as Mr. Reid very charmingly puts it, "in crowning tho greatest of all enterprises" — federation. A federal exhibition, and hold in Sydnoy, too! Tho very thought thrills one, and is more elo quent than poetry of the noble disintorestcd- noss, tho lofty sclf-cffacemcnt, and tho spirit of sclf-BAcrifice which Mr. Reid displays at all times. Tho niantlo of tho great Pnrkcs, than whom no ono know better wlmt humbug meant, lias fallen on worthy shoulders. Wo livo in the land of booms, and can't livo without them. We always have a boom of one sort or another on hand. If it in not a land boom, then it is a mining or millionaire's insol vency boom, or a boom in rotronchmont. Bur glary, suicido and garroting also boom in due season. Tho burglary boom iu just over. It was a very hollow allbir, and the promoters got discouraged early in the game, Tlioy probably ; allowed thcmsolves to ho misled by the increased activity and hustle amongst railway men, pro- duced by tlio arrival of the now commissioner, into imagining that a wonderful trade revival had sot in, and that our suburban tr&lfio; wns on tho up gradp. This hurrying to and fro of iwrters, station masters, inspectors, clorkB and Hue repairers caused tho gentle burglar to sec visions of a boom in "safo" robberies. In an evil mo ment tho Coburg lino was selected for the first raid. Tho total booty secured amounted to rtfint.lv 9a. t 'Phnrnnnnn +.)m lmnm hnrnt. prematurely, without even giving tho Glen Iris or tho Laucofield to Kilmorc lino a trial, About tlio Kilmorc lino tho story goes "that its only patrons arc a fow of Mr. Duffy's fellow patriots, travelling to and from tho Govornmcnt appointments securod for them by their illus trious countryman. Of course, thoy all travel on tho nod. Upon ono occasion a holy father, a visitor from tho old country, piqued to see tbccloctoratcof Dalliouso, the fame of which had reached Ireland, is said to have bought n raihvaj tiokot and seated himself in tho train. Tho fuot thntthoro was ono paying passenger on board threw the engine driver, the guard, tho porter and station mastor into tho wildest oxoitemcnt, and thoy celebrated the event in a befitting manner. The train had not long started when liis rovoronco with some concern noticed that it whirled past several stutions without stopping, and that tho train rocked like a cradle "Makoyermind aisy, yor honor," said an old woman, who shared the comtnrtmont with the holy father, and had observed bis growing alarm, " it's my son Pat who's drivin', and when ho hua a drop in him he would as soon dnsli into tho dovil as not." " But can ho drive?" anxiously asked his rovoroncc, and received the reply, "Af course; shuro wasn't he ostler at tho Brion Rorguc for five years !" Exception lias been taken to tho introduction of tlio word ass into politics. Ono critto, who has no family relationship with poor neddy, takes Mrs. Lowo to task for her language, saying tho allusion was neither ladylike nor in good tasto. Yot " asB " is not a Bwear word, neither is tho animal itself an unlovely thing. Prom all timo he has been a novcr-failing uourco of delight to mankind. EnglamVe great bard makes many loving roforcnces to him, ami who can forget Sterne's musings upon the poor oreaturo ? Dogberry, also a party leader in liia day — for did ho not lead the "monstrous watch" — gloried in being called an nss, and thus regretted the abaonoo of his secretary : — O, that he wore hero to write me down an ass 1 O, that I had boen writ down an ass 1 True, tho political nss has not hithorto figured largely in our national life. But he inay havo lacked opportunity or accoptcd his tot with too much meckncBu. Years of oppres sion may have broken his spirit, humbled him in the dust and caused him to share tho general opinion of mankind as to his abilities. It is evident, however, that tho now woman and the nss arc now in revolt. "Whothor political lifo will bo improved should tho latter climb into offico remains to ho scon. What tho horse has already achieved in tho same domain wo may learn from Gulliver's history of tho Hony- huhumns, whose grand maxim won to oultivatc reason and to bo wholly governed by it. - It has been tho lot of Victoria to bo graced with a Chief Justice who has always manifested tho grcatost admiration And interest in all forms of sport, And especially in that which its dovotees endearingly term tho "square ring." Prior to his elovation to tlio bench Sir John Madden wus one of tho most consistent patrons of tho noble art, as expounded — or should it ho pounded?— at tho old Melbourne Athletic Club ; while, according to tho dictum of Mr. Abo Hicken, ho is "not too slow" with his hands himself. Still, notwithstanding all theso advantages, Victoria's highest judicial dignitary has over restricted his oxpcrionces to the theo retical and scicutifio side of the quustion, and has contented himself with watching tho encounters of others, with an occasional word of approval from his position of eminence. Not so with his brothor, C.J., of Samoa. Despising tho position of tho mcro spectator to pugilistic contests with much tho same feeling that tho English cricketor ex perienced when tho Shall of Persia asked him why ho didn't hire some sorvants to piny it for him, this luminary of tho South Seas wades boldly in, und, after tho manner of the Colliug- wood barrackcr, " deals out stouch " with vigor to thoso who incur his wrath. After all, physical force iB tho foundation of all law, and an uppor- cut on tho point of the jaw would in 9 cases out of 10 be a mora effective reproof from tho bench than the usual 24 hours for contempt ; but ho of Samoa docs not appear to restrict his powers to maintaining the dignity of tho Supromo Court, for, according to the lateHt advices from that paradise of tho South Pacific, ho was fined 20 dol. with costs for assaulting a citizen with a horsowlrip. Tho path of tho pioneer is ever strewn with thorns. By tho light of the Rev. J. J. Halley's utterances nn tho demoralising infiucnco of " art" unions, and his asseveration that the Con gregational Union oomos up to protest before tho Premier and Attornoy-Genoral with clean hands in respect to bazaar radios, it would be interesting to learn tho details of tho church liuznar investments which on Wed nesday brought a " cash clerk" beforo tho City bench. Ilo had not plunged iu Hohart consul tations, patroniHcd a tobacconist "tote," or I tacked a scratched or disgraced favorite. Ilo lmd not oven tested the blind goddoss'a favor at chicken hazard, poker or pool, and had novcr in dulged in tho Australian luxury of "shouting" promiscuously for all bunds. He simply "went blind " on church bazaars, and effectively " blued " £25 of hiH employers' money in that fascinating form of investment. "Well, tho churches aro hotter off to that extent, nnd tho over zealous bazaar patron goes up for two months. Of course ho was not a Cougrcgntionalist. Ho must havo been a Hibernian, u Hebrew or a "Native," though tho "workHof art" which ho might havo won by dips into tho "lucky bag" and purchase of raffle chances probably did not comparo from eithor a financial or an artistic view point with the AN.A. gold vase, tho Synngoguo'u golden Cleopatra needle, or tho Hibernian land allot ment. Tho inconsidorato conduct of Mr. \V. R. "Wilson in scratching tlio Cup favorite directly ho ascertained that the horso had gone wrong and had not tho ghost of a show of winning, has moved tho Melbourne bookmakers to frank and I ingenuous expressions of regrot. Thoy would, periiup, have been indignant, ah weii us sorrow ful, but for tho mitigating circumstance that a hatful of public money planked oti "NVallaco is now safo beyond rocall. Hut how much hotter, inoro satisfactory and inoro profitable it would havo been to tho layers of odds if the horso had postponed his breaking down till Derby day, or oven postponed it altogether, and been beaten in the great event by a dark light-weight outsider ! Tho ways of Providence are, however, inscrutable, and Mr. Alf. Joseph hows his head in pathetic resigna tion to a stroke which deprives him of "thrco weeks' comfortublo revenue." Still tho ring- men need not motirn as thoso without liopo. The AVullaco wagors aro safe anyhow; auother hot first favorite will assuredly arise, and tho public— the gentle, simple public— will put just tlio soma amount of money on tho raco as if tho top weight wore still on tbo list and iu Hying form. ' Feoplo who tako to the amuse ment of backing favorites can only bo blocked off it when both their cash and their credit aro exhausted. Melbourne's cyclists havo got their Parsons hack again, hut ho docs not come loadod with Hritish trophies ; and tho fond anticipations with which tho confiding public flocked to his bonofit mooting and lnvishcd their "bobs" on thatshiiiingHuhscription, have been ruthlessly dis appointed. Tho popular idea was that the Vic torian champion should bo handsomely sentoff to mensuro himself on tho wheel with tho cracks of England. Ho wah, so to speak, a shipment to tost tho British market for Victorian whcol- men, and to afford a moans of judging tho oom- jHirntivo qualities of tho homo and colonial product. But Parsons has returned without over having even competed in a single English race, and his reasons for not entering are in genuous. Firstly, ho couldn't get tho boat kind of pacing ; secondly, lie knew ho was a better man than any of tho Sydney trio— Meg- son, Payne and Lewis ; thirdly, he felt con- fident that tho cycling honor of Australia was safo in their liande— or feet ; fourthly, there was more certain gcll to ho gathered in a professional engagement in tho States. Tho reasoning and tho results aro equally admirable. Megsou, after repeated defeats, has at last won a raco ; Payno has boon disqualified for " arranging " tho result of a minor ovent, and tho third Sydnoy crack ih nowhere. The " cycling honor of Victoria " has, however, beon saved. Our Parsons has not beon licked by a Rritishor. "Who will start another shilling subscription for him in recognition of this great fact? At this particularly Bpoculativo period of tho year half the adult population aro hard at work evory night "dreaming Cup winners," and about 25 per cent, more aro noting signB and omens for " lucky numbers." It would bo not only very hard lines, but an outrage on the principle of arithmetical averages, if sotnc of both varieties of punter did not get home. Wo havo Scrip tural authority for it that "Tho raco ib to tho swift nnd tho hattlo to the strong;" but what tlio great Australian puhKc wants to know with cortitudois — Who aro tho swift, and which tho strong? Tho man who plunged on the "9" system on tho ground that it is infallible as a proof of multiplication and tho puntor who goes blind on "7" or "11" are familiar "prime number" sweep monomaniacs; but there aro numerous other mesne and methods of appealing to tho fickle goddess for directions, cxclusivo of tho sortes Virgillianw and the Bible-oponing test. An example in point : — Yesterday evening, two strangers casually met in the city, ono with a cigar in full blast, tho other with an unlighted cigar ette. No. 2 politely" inquired: "Can you oblige mo with a match?" No. j., jjivuuiiii£ nurvi uinuuu ut.iv, mau half tho box." No. 2 helped himself with tho remark, " Less will satisfy me." No. 1, sud denly : "Stop! how many have you taken?" "Let mo count — 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, G ! liy 1 A quid on No. G to- morrow for tho Caulfiold Cup !" Be it distinctly understood that this is not a disguised "tip," but a straight out fact. 