THE TAMBO - VALLEY .ROAD .... The successful passage -through1 -the Assembly of the Hoad Vote which allocates £6000 for the 'maintenance and repair of the1 Tatnbo Valley .road will force u settlement of the rivalry'of route,.and compel ' the ^definite; accep tance of one side or the other. Whether the choice will. rest with tho shire council or the ratepayers ''is' i now doubtful, as Parliament'having voted a substantial sum of money—'although5 ih’suflicent to put the Go-milesof road j:way in thorough order, from .end to end—an engineer of the Public Works department will .'inspect'the two' ro.utes from Qjuihh’s to Fraser’s,' and'by his report'probably' edttlo tho!disputo.! On, previous occasions tlie Omeo Standard lias.ndvoeuted*tlie claims of the ;road via Ensay, and though it may be claimed by some that, as the matter is in a sense sub judice, our present comments may prejudice' the Minister against the western road when' the 'matter goes before him for settlement, we nevertheless think the time oppor tune for reviewing tho question, j The great argument adduced in favor of the western rond, and its advocates have emphasied it over and over again, is that it does away with the necessity of crossing the Tatnbo. river, and is therefore traflicablc at all seasons while the Ensny road, in tho absence of bridges, is::impassablo at flood 'time. Indeed, this is the' only argument brought forward, aud it is therefore to be inferred that on other points there is no doubt as to the greater merit of the Ensay road. Some have made a bugbear of Connor’s Creek hill, but ■there are grades as steep and as diffi cult on the other side, so on this point, .honors are.eyen, ., The . bridging- of the Tambo, of which' so much is made, is merely an engineering difliculty, and not a large one at that. It has only to be re membered 'that the stream is a nioun tam:torrent rather than a'river, with ’« fall of perhaps 30 ft. and5 even more to the' mile ‘ in' places, liable 'tb'sudden rises when it runs in strong flood. No : engineer should find it impossible to throw' bridges capable of standing 'permnrionjJy across such a' current. It. lias) been done in other, places,- and, for the sake of quoting5 an' insthnee;' reference may. be made tci the Onka paringa river' in-.South1 Australia, which in many, respects is h.'siinilar stream to the’ Tambo. . Permanent bridges have been erected there which have stood the-, strain of uioujitain floods1 for years,' and what has | been done in , one place call be dojie in another.'' jOne bridge at least; will have to’be put over the Tambo1 for the convenience of Erisay , residents, and the road through' that ‘ district 'maintained, niid. if is therefore,absurd that the shire should bo saddled,ins' it will be if' the western road j is" made, With the cost of . maintaining two parallel roads. , Even without bridges it is very pertain' that, in fine weather teamsters will travel the Ensay j road, .making the., cost ,qf .maintenance .as great as iiow, and 'the statement of' Mr. Taylor, the. .poach driver, i that given .both rqnd$rin good .qydjsr be "would 1 travel ,that', through! Ensny in preference is practical testimony from1 a practical. man :as to. whic|i/route^is the better. Too much weight ’ li'asJ, been given to tlie,clqptrap cry,^»f “ no bridges,” Wlljeh lias' been ohsejuriid all bther considerations, ‘ , ‘ I ' The Westerii foiidj'althbugh' its1 route crises.' no .watercourses more serious than creeks, presents iniiny (lifficul ties, sonie ,of' theub of,. considofable 'magni tude. . Already the council lias j spent £1600 on this road, nearly the; whole amount in.one place, in. rock ’cutting and a brjdge-; , Ti)e "approaches to, the bridge iir.e , now in a ; dangerous con .dition andjunlcss attended to before the .next heavy rains nmy go altogether, possibly causing :the destruction outlie bridge and ..certainly leaving it im passable, ,/ Clearly -.. then the ; bridge diflieulty.iis not confined, to the ens.tarp or -Ensay side,:,; ..The western,isidp also :prepeot« noiar-yi 1 jnteep ; and i; awkward .graijes, jqgainst ! which there Aijly Connor’s:GreekJiill on tiio rival ’roiife" i while,:if the . former crossed) no con* sideruble iwntercourses i there; nre: niany creeks which it will bo impossible to avoid, necessitating several small bridges and culvert^ Reducing the ■ question; to, one simply of , engineering difficulties an inspection*of-the rival routes will show -that the one via Ensay oilers tlio least. Three bridges nnd Connor’s Creek Hill against the constructhnrof a long length of road through difficult country, from ’ which very small revenue in the way of rates can lib~ anticipated. Ou the eastern side thcro is a,settled, population, eon-, tributin^ largely to ’tlib {shirk rates/ and^vhosc claims .cannot, bp ignored. If the western road is made that through Ensay must also be completed and maintained, and when the report ing engineer makes hisinspection it is hardly likely that he will ignore these facts and recommend the western road simply tomWl the building of bridges across the Tumbo. Tho rainfall registered at ■, Ensay station during-August was 3 ' indhes 70 points. 'The Towongshire council 1ms decided to erect finger posts at tlie.intersec tions of tho principal cross-country roads id that 'municipality. >Arvery sensible idya, and one ..that could bn adopted by-Ohieo with ii good deal of. convenience to travellers. A little girl, the fifteen months old daughter of, Airs. Hitchcock,.died very suddenly at; Sunnysidq on Saturday. ;! The child was apparently. poi'fcctly_well on tho previous afternoon; when in flammation of the lungs bet in find death resulted within twenty-four • ; A 'crickot club is on tho ta/n's at ’ Glen ’Wills, and' a meeting; is to bu hold nt;Carinody’s hotel on Friday to arrimgo" matters. ’ The material, with the exception of tho matting, is al ready on hand, and : ns some very fair ■ ..players, roside , about. tho . Alou.nt a ' strohg'club’should be formed.' “ ' The advocates of the western route of the Tnmbo1, Valley ‘roachhave secured an ally in Mr.1* Meorim, the engineer of ■the ..Alt. Hepburn mine, who holds i that n main road should novor cross rivers, mountain streams especially being treacherous, and that depend ence can never be'plaited oil bridges. ' .’ At the time of the football ‘match botween Long Gully and Swift’s Creek . ,on (Saturday, although not incidental i; to 'ipv&ral; supporters ! of the two chibs indulged in' fisticuffs, with the result; that yesterday . morning sum monses for assault and.’battery were taken out at the instance of ono .-.or two very much injured people. • A meeting of .the carnival committee , lias been called for to-morrow evening, and'as the time for1 the demonstration is, now. close at hand there should be n full attendbtice to make'final, arrange ments. The carnival is ond 6f! the important fixatures of the yciirj and as it will bo held this time in conjunction with the hospital ball every effort should.be made to achieve a success at. least equal1 to last year’s.." James Denham was brought into Omeo from, liincli yesterday morning having met with an accident on Satur day night as he was going home from the Swift’s Creek socinl. His ( horse struck a stone and fell upon the’ rider, who is now being attended by Dr. Smith. The doctor found ’ii1'disloca tion of the left shoulder aud,a fracture of the left shoulder 'blade,- which will prevent Denham from .resuming, work, for some time. . ’ The; Omeo brnuch iefi tho Australian Natives’ Association had issued an excellent syllabus for ~tlie current quarter.' : .On. -Monday ; nexfed-Mro Davine will read a paper on, “ Shake speare’s Juhus Ciosar,” and later in the quarter tile* Kevl' H. H; Williams will take “ As you like it.” .Ta'persi on other subjects will probably be given by Alcssrs. Easton and Theobald^ nnd a couple, .of debates. on . current topics have also been 'arranged;" " f The approaches' bf the bridge ucross a .creek, between ,Mitchell's,,and,.Hay-, ward’s on tho western deviation of tho Tijnibp Valley, road liavp subsided ' so conkmerubly: that1 'tho: bridge as almost unsafe, and further,rain,.wilLsq-.afiyct them as to make1' the ' bridge'1 uuap-f' proaehublqpund'-may"pv,en,rp6ult\ii'Cit being cariied 'ti\Wy'r TliS lblid leading'' ^ .‘ajr^dy^sqriaj'-gonp; that very careful driving is necessary to make the crossing safely. \ In about six ,qr; eighty peeks’ tjirapj there will bo 200 tons of machinery ‘ to be ctirEell ’up;‘.f roffi sMbiisifuW toTItbi’ Alt. Hepburn mine at Tongio West, 'wlierba CO-head'batte'ryTs to lie erec ted.'" The.first lot. to bo,carted will bo two • '26 ft. boilers, jveigh’ing between' eight -JiP(J‘J)HiO;.!t<>nsj.eachIi and ?{is,large,] quantity of other machinery is to follow there’, will ilw, a busytt'ime.'ulopg! the Tauilo Valley road during the coming summer. . ■ ; ;’On-Saturdbyj Bfcffi' instant,'V-MessliA Coiiant, jand Hunter, ( president; and stcretify..of.,..the...Oiueb. brahchlof the. A.ALA., will visit Sheeps tution for/the i purpose of expjuiiqijig „thq advantages, which .,tiie assqeiutipn offers miners. Iliey’will'subsequently enrol members, and if.fciwe allows.they .will also.udvo oate tiie claims of the school of mines which it, Ib proposed to i establish at Omeo, Oassilis will be visited on'the following Saturday; ■| ,!'! In many Bhiro councils it . is the custom to appoint committees to deal witlrmatters of mere routine, thereby saving much time, when the,full council sits. At' Oiiieo no inconsiderable part of'eaql'i meet^iig is'tiikon' jip. by tlio consideration .ofuhatch of gprfesp'nn dence, very much ’of, it of minor fin portaiice which . could well' ibe !dealt: IWft ,%:] *■!{« ' pecfetary'-'oi1-' a1.1! sub pommitteq and ..thus allow iiiore! tjipe' for the diseussjor^ of important matters low idowii ,oa the business i pii-per nnVl' which are now often hurried through in the anxiety to conclude business before evening. The ■ President, Or. Conunt, hinted after .the, hist ‘.council , meeting that Ini'^intended to.ttiov,oS.in favor of the appointment, of such committees, and the innovation has much to recommend it—at. all events as un experiment. The Argus last Saturday published a map of a pleasant, Saturday afternoon tour forcyclists. As it principally shows the location [Of.hotels jit ijt trident that tlm Argus' idea' of a cyclist s pleasure is limited by pubs, and strong-drinkr™--1 Dr. Feiiton loctureddust evening on the “Use and abusii of alcohol” beforo the Rechabite-lodge,.Whatever' the. doctor may have said in favor of; the cursed drink will,count for-ydry little with the iiever-touch-lta comjpiircd With what he said in condemnation. The Benambra minstrel troupe, ar6: now in active rehearsal for their ‘first charity/ performance, which will most likely be given in two or three weeks. Thoy hnvo fortunately nundiigsV them somoold stagers-Vi ,nt 1 the gafue,1 and some very promising juniors, and, judg ing by the activity-shown, the perform ances promiso well. \ ii AtvGleh.. \Vills;;bn,Th'ufsda^inight, there was an exceptionally severe down pour of rain, whiehendedinn heavy fall of snow, which, though it soon disap peared on the [lower groil jid; Would con siderably, ^increase the depth higher up. tlie iSIount. This should botlibluslfall df snow, of any importance this year, at least we hope so, for the benefit of the prospector. ;■ Application, has been! madei.to the' Postmaster-General for the establish-, nient of a telephone station at Doctor’s liflnt. .Yoryulittje ,expense would, be entailed.;ns 'the iTambu nYnlloy- lino passes the office. The postal business , done at Doctor’s Plat is larger |thau inany 'people iinagihe, 73 ’hitters, j etc., being despatched and 118 received .during tlm first four days of, tlie month. 1 \ \ : i.--„ The writer of “ Turf Tattlo" in tlio Sportsman says :—Amoiig thowedding preSoiits which the crack cross-country horseman Walter Douglus—wild, by, why,'now runs in double harness—re ceived t’other day was. the Tasmanian steeplechaser, Pride of tho Hills,| who ,was presented to W. D. by Mr. Rod, .O’Connor, ofI Tasmania. V' Douglas also has old Shamrock, aim .dnoof those libises, I bel ioye,’’lie pu eposes-hack ing about for awhile.; j John Nancarrow, miner, 63 years o1 age, met witli a~vciy serious accident in a simple way.; Several days. since, on his way froni Sminyside tojijs i'lome at the. United minp,.j lie J stiunblejl of one of the numerous small stumps 01: the track, and. fall ing forwurd: oil hii stomach oil another larger sharj .pointed stump,, received eqvore interna: injuries. ' H*>,! has' , lioen'i! gradually getting worse and late on Saturday .vvns very lowl and ^wandering in , his mind. Dr. JIendbrsoli;-\vho is attend ing the sufferer, entertains but little hope of his recovery. j ’ At' a meeting of 'the Glen Willi mechanics’ institute, Mr. Brennan president^ in . the.chair, aiid'a/full . com mittco,dtiiwas;idot!ided that, as they are ieaving'the'hair they at'pfeseiitdccupy, -that a farewell ball be held on Friday night, tho 18th inst. The committee Ibuyo liiqdel lirpig^ments witli I Jfr; Carmody, the proprietor of the Aijgelic hall," for the complete renovation! and .outfitting' of-.'that building," which’ will \- th&rnbi;? •n-vbdmy^hhd'compliiBt prcipises, .besidra.beiug centrally situated. Pend ing the completion of the Angelic ha!!, the books of the' library will be "removed to,the premises lately used as a chem ist’s shop, . . ' >. i ,;. The man old Tom,’’ .who was re ported'to the ' police as having'de veloped suicidal tendencies, was inter viewed..at the .Gibbo 011 -Friday- by Trooper Strain.-. The- ol,lJ fellow wai dressed in,clothes made of sacking, bqt expressed himselfas being con tented and pleaded hard -uoti.to-.be -brought: into Omco. As he had a little gold and,'a .few ah i 11 ings —.Iayvtol,tUihi0 moans of support—lie could hoc be arrested us a vagrant, and the report that he had tried to borrow a gun to shoot himself he ex lplfijno<ljafv/y\jiy saying he was I only asking for his own gun, which he'had lent/to! ni CHinffinu® ©mh'liieuks before! Under the circumstances nothing was 'to bh done butWe^ve'liim at his camp. 1/IScilie,'/alarm has been caused ut jPassilis by the disappearance [of a 'iYiinor named Felix Guilbert. I fte wivs. Jast seen. ,011,Thursday. night,1 ana it is stated soon after daybreak oil the, following morning ho calM.-’at Ah’ Saiij’s ian'd' jasljed fj$’'iiranfly [Since tlienmothing-hair' been •fieartfi'6f him. -11' kirgo >snaroli party, uq iinpanied -by’ Trooper St toil j, fweffi fillf.’nttrl uniiMal^nrl till L ‘it , -'pres'ent'-nd'pi^.„ ., son jtp tliitilj tlijtt Miythjng unfortuna has. happened,-as—Guilbert may! lia gone aWay.oil bUsiiifeasythbughtk&se; wl saw, dli|n last descrilie him as bei lg c ife,l)tr|,°i and,.pi|settjed, and so ILj Thursday that lie was unable to drt -hlniSelf,.-.. jM..wj-aMBWiiiaw«iw»»nM)a “ Old Tom,” of tho Qihbo, who alleged suioidivl tendencies are referri to in another-piifagriiphj ib thej ,ini who oncf^ mas^eraded us Toak’sgho and gave' un 'eminent Jurisconsult t< jninutop y, psychical i, weurch. ( Tl lawyer riding in the gloom of njg] near the hut haunted by 'funk's gho saw a' figure suddenly1 appear 11 tl doorway, ady/f.ijcej towards, bin-, at muk into tho earth,<j iHoi cotJei ’oun looked into the hut, could,find’mjthin and'‘werit;;'ofi,' |iis' wuV—lilbs&e;'a led 1 another ‘authentic ■ glftjqtijtSn'jw .for,, H voluino which Stead innyj brir out.,;ilLqng after,M old Touif’-fulinitti that lie wati/gh6stij«wishiii^,1to Idodi visitors he had run out of the hut an crawled under the blackberry buslit neat' b^. ij So the bottom is knooked opt. of another “ i-cally true ’’ ghost '-'Didgety urnl Co. report that nt their last sale Oinco opossum skins fetched from 10s. to I Is. 6d. per dozen, and first-class mountain skins from 15s. to 20s. . The next sitting of the Omeo War den’s court promises to be ns busy ns the last one, as there is talk of appli .cation being.,niuelo.fo!;. tho.forfojturo of two or three leases on which the labor covenants > liavo,; not); been complied with/ . The people who christon'lenses show such such want of originality, naming nenrly everything Mountain Maid, Homowurd Bound, and so on, until those names arc written all over the tmniii£ 'mitps/bf ’ Gippslan’dj^tHat the gnudy originality" of the lease appli cants for,the new find at Sheepstation, who,,have! .chrisUnetT itVVMotHor of Millions,” is singularly striking and refreshing, ^ : The Plains Catholic ball was again a greatjiuecess'nrid; Vis' ufslunl, its patrons are loud in their .praise ofi.the mahnerin which the wants of the irfner man wero-'attended to,; and1' Hiaf'Cktholie ladies' of the ' btfiisS Fl'aftis''deservo great1 praise "for '’their1, efforts. The dainties were provided byMosdnmes Murphy (3), Noonan,,,Ci.Hi V.'i’ender gast, C. J. Pendergiist, C., Pendcrgast, T. Worcester, D. Cook, A. M’Kcniie, D. Cameron, J. Sheean, E. .P’ltourke, and Misses iDcjnrluis; and S, Ponder gast.1 ■* * -1P , '7-' ■j, The Bright, shire president gets an jiill/iyvatieo, o^JiJOO thisg'yeij^Yljht the amount "'is hot ‘as big/as"it looks ns over liulf will liayojto be paid to tlio 'retiring ^president, 'ti/Wcout' him for an expensive a fid fostivo year of office. jTlijs sorji ttf'j thing jwas doi^fm&e; in a sliire to the hast’' of Bright, when the bank impou nded the,, whole - .allowance anti it, was many a long, clay] before the retiring, president got. bis “ whack." Como to tbiuk:of.;it,/’,banks in that slurp- have quito,a reputafipn for im pounding tlio presidential rnllowance. Now that tliere is prospect.of a large number of men being employed on the Dargo1 High, (Plains!)/leases/) /several storekeepers aro enquiring as to the adyisabijity, of 'stiirlingbusihcM there, aud it is said that Mr." Connolly, of Dargo, will do so in the course of a few jweyks, ,.A.-yeor,j,or -,-two hence the Dargo" High Plains will’probably carry quitpj a .flourishing .township, despite the winter snows, with nll the adjuncts 'of 1 idivilisatioii-Hdr-: A YgondJ tfcany of them, at a]h events.'. Yet it is only a few months ago that the man who hinted at the possibility of such a thing, was looked,.upqni suspiciously as not altogether responsible for what he : A most thrilling account of.an acci-. dent to our old .friend John Angel, “ the well-known mining expert and architect,!’, recently..appearedin a down country paper. Joint' fell into some thing, inid by “ supefiiuman'“strength” pulled himself out again. After that he" had !inore''adventures—all 'graphi cally described—and fmall went home. As nobody saw any of the adventures, so, the --report, statosj-j and^moreover ■as * (John was" cconfinbdv‘to’'- -his hut for two days /iffei'i without seeing ony one, there is room for suspecting that IheLvrojte ithe] stony hiiusFlf.QAuyhow, the people of Glen Wills will lie glad to know that their great architect is 'keepihg'biS'iiiameoWell'before'thfe pub lic. > ,l-.i. The recent rains have come very op portunely to the farmers and graziers mn,thy Plains, os, the outlook; previous to the ehhn'ge was’worleVhan'Wst year. Although a ifewisevere frosts now may change the aspect to some degree, it is ,certain,.that fiyo-lmve a ftoojl season Ajitljasy jhDc* of the farmers have more seed "in than of late years, a good harvest and a return to Veasonal^le 'prices' for ' grain's11 may be , hhticipqfcrh,-'j As; '.regards the potato crop, .the;consumer,,will) again have a rough ^ time if the farmers We’not' sufficient! Atllv’e to* their o,wn interests to ^ot seed from down country, as there is1 not 5 cu t. 'of seed ^riow on the >'Pluins.1 ■' Potatoes' are lnot served up at tablein, a dozen farmers’ houses, nor ji^yg^hey, begp^gy tho past month. Tlio thirty odd gentlemeii'who were .unsuccessful applicants forthapoHition ol^'rahhit :iri8j*)ctor’thave •triml rather premature in cursing their bad luck— "3v]>J<?hrfproslinn(b|y]:^ytex,'*'*5lid -with vehemence latid frequency. Mr. Hol lond»r\vill')jrqfc|flti4(the billet ull beer and ’skittles,'nnllHiy' the time his six uioutlisi-engagMnent'teruiiptttt# it will ■protalilybe admitted 'that tn/mis well earned-itis' rhntuhewtion of £75. Ho is; sure to, ha wantediito,inspect rabbit burrows on the Dargo and the Linie stope aUtliei same time, f and Mdan tie is teiichinganiobtUSe settler in theTnmbo Valjoy, how to “ soql” bunny out of a lag,’ Somebody od'tlu/'tableland will be swearing—at-him- for not hooping an engagement to which lie was no party. ItWiW®1 ’iAM the best abused man in the shire, as lie will find out [before be i has - been nin rcffico a wmthUl ,J.j liin;f j ,(j ,o 