Thomas Jarvls Inter- viewed. On Thursday afternoon our represen tative made his way to tho homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvls, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. Ho was discovered nursing a two-year- old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to ans wer the knock .at thedoor. Although pale and bearing sill the marks ot a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an Invalid on the rapid" road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "How long were you suffering?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LEAVE OFF WORK, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with o.n accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath In Pitt- street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been In failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptons?" "Simply Indescribable. The pains wore something terrible. They were Just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a SAW WERE CUTTING MY BONES In two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw Dr. Paton, of the Sydney Hospital, and asked to be admitted for treatment. Dr. Paton told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of the Charitable In stitutions." "Did you make use of tho order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well In bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that It was ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. Dr. Norrle was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was In. I was under him for live or six weeks. He came to the con clusion that Iwas suffering from Loco motor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and diffi culty In co- ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opin ion Is not Infallible.) Well, Just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the ad- vertlsemnt describing the cure effected In the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read In the "Austra lian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I road In the ad vertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and SENT FOR A BOX Tho effect was as marvellous as It was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was Incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am .now taking the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were mode for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want Is this stick, and i hope soon to do withoub it.' You see I am rapldli regaining my strength." "He Is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvls, who had come in and taken the baby on her . knees. "Tho Pink Pills have SAVED HIS LIFE . and made another man of him." A friend who called In at this point, said that Jarvls looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fort night previously. "I cam now," continued Jarvls, have a F » , and all the feeling has- come back I n_ my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to work in a short time. I feel that I shall then be well enough to. resume work . as .a boiler-maker, -.and you know I have to be In the veryi pink of health and strength to' work- at that trade, I am M' BETTER TO-DAY , than I .have been at any time during tho past five years. ' I ascribe all the chungo and benefit to, these Pink Pills. They have saved - my life. I am In no, pain now, whatever,; nnd feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there Is a box of OPIUM AND MORPHIA " " pills which thp doctor gave me - to deaden the excrutiating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows mo has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Having . wished Mr. Jarvls continued speed towards; recovery our representa tive withdrew. 