AN ORDINATION SERVICE. A Solemn and Imposing Ceremony. The Primate at The King's School. A Powerful and Eloquent Address. The ornate chapel of The King's School was scene of a very solemn and imposing service on Wednesday morning last, when the Rev. A. H Coombes, M.A., one of the masters, was ordained to the priesthood. The Primate (Dr. Saumarez Smith) was assisted in the service by the Venerable Archdeacon Gunther, Rev. Dr. Corlette, and the Rev. A. H. Champion (Head- master of the School), and amongst the other clergymen present were the Revs. George Middleton, D. E. Evans-Jones, R. Rook, J. Done, J. O'Conor, W. J. Cakebread, J. Mac- arthur and H. S. Rose (Chaplain of the Mili- tary Forces). Sir Joseph Abbott (Treasurer of the K.S. Council), Mrs. Champion, Mrs. Coombes, the Misses Duncan, Cranner, Docker and Thorp, and Messrs. W. S. Corr, Thomas, Yarnold and Keage, and a few other visitors, as well as the school-boys, attended the service, which was most impressively conducted throughout. The Address. After morning prayers, Archdeacon Gunther preached an eloquent « -1 powerful aermon from Acts ii., 28.— 'Take hotd, therofore, unto yourselves, nnd to nil tho flock, over ?which the Holy Ghost hcith mado you overaeer, to feed the Church of God, whiiih ho hath pur chased with hia blood.' The Divine Revelation. ' The necessity for n Divine Kovelaliou,' said tho pieuchor, ' is evident to ovory thoughtful Christian. . . . Shall I point to the religious system of Gretco nnd Rome? Shall I point to tho teachings of tho eacred books of tho Hindoos and Chinese ? Abundant eyidenco wo can gather that tho coromoniea of heathenism (imposinc; though thoy might be) ?were absurd, disgusting, superstitious and de moralising ; thut tho mornlo of philosophers ?nd teachers and thoao prevailing in general sooiety were shamefully depraved. Bacchus, VonuB, Mercury, and other divinities wero readily worshipped. Ah woro tho goda, such were tho pooplo. What w.is necessary for man, God has lovinalv fjivon— a Divine library in which wo have a revolution of Hia will Divine messages through which wo got undor. standing — s work bearing tho signature of tho infinite ' The Divine OfBco of Ordination. ' What an ovidonco of tho Divino officu in ordination !' continued thu preacher. ' Tho Holy Ghost alono can qualify for this groat work and mission, for thin heaviest of rospon oibilitios under Heaven. Ho alono can enabla mon to discharge thoir duty taithfully, and keep them over faithful to God and man, faithful in sunshino and storm, faithful in 8UCC0B8 and failuro, faithful midat triila and dangora from without and within, faithful in youth and old ago, faithful in public and private life, faithful by counsel and oiamplo, faithful unto doath ' The Theme of Preaching. Touching tho often diacussod quoBtion of tho latitude of preachers, Archdeacon Gunther B»id : ' Christ and His work muet bo the themo of our tftaohing and proaohing. Ptoiohing is not moroly » humnn hut a divino institution. Hoathendom and philosophy may have hud their preiiohors, but how dili'oront thoir thouio and how difforent the spirit iu whioh thoir work was dono ! Thb Ohnslian preacher's work in uaoless unless suited to generato spiritual ! '?- and promote spiritual growth. Hence, then h ho may illustrato his teachings from God's b-iok of mture and providonce, from antiquaiim, goographicnl, botanical, astronomical, hiiitorio nnd scieutifio roaoarohes ; though he may gathnr flowers and fruits in many fields ; though ho may study tha many perplexing queBtiona of tho dny— especially of a social obaraotor — bo must remember thut hia buainess is to load to Christ.' An Appeal to the Boys. In an eloc^uuui appeal to tho boya, tho prea cher said : — ' May grace be given to us who teaoh to xocoivo tho truth aright. May grace bo given to you to roceivo instructions iu a Icachnblo spirit. May you, too, the boys of this great School, remomhor that tho object of our dear dead founder was thut you might bo trained to live as the sorvants of Christ, and that you should do a roal and definito service for Christ n thiB great Southern land. Why did ho pre lotibe in tha plan for the government of the School that, iu addition to exposition of Holy Scripture, lectures should bo given on tho ori gin and history of tho Christian Ghuroh, tho history of the Reformation, tho nature, duties and olnimn of tho Ministerial oflioo and charac ter, tho doctrines, ordinances und discipline of our gtoat branch of tho Catholio Church P Why U Worship Associated With Instruc tion, and why nt our lectured is it prescribed that wo should use Bishop Androwa' devotions in Greek, and Bishop Ken's Manual for Winchester Scholars ? Doob uot tho School proclaim the Church's view of education ? If sho is to bo tho nuraiuK mother of Christiun scholars, of men who shall adorn our loarned professions, our Church— mother of so many great scholars and thologiuns — may well oxpoct from this school a supply of mou ready to adopt the noblest of professions for tho greatest of Masters, fired with an unearthly onthusinera for Christianity, for humanity, for fatherland. Not tho wtakeat of Austruliitu's sons does ehe need, but tbo 8tronge.it, tho purest, nnd most eelf.denyiug, the most manly, thfi most pontlo and loviujr, tho most cultured, iu a word, tho most Ohrist-liko. Who among you _ will ohorish such longings and such inspirations? Who amonp you will bo ambitious of this groat honor, to follow the immortal nnd truly wieof UIu tho willing agony ho plunges, nnd Is blest. Closiug with A Powerful Exhortation, tho proaohor said : 'Live wo, work wo, as in Chris's presence, our dnyB shall bo aa tho dnye of heaven, and wo can look forward bravely and hopolully. Labour wo, as in Hio presouco, and we shall do something to mnko our earth pur-r and sweeter, and Christianize our land with the Ohristiiinity of tho Uoly Scriptures. Feed we, as in Christ's prosenco, the (look wiih tho wholeeomo dootiiuos revealed, and wo shall bo conscious that wo are doing something to en able our Church to fulfil her glorious mission and extend her influence— t ho nursing mother of so many Ohrist-liko souls.' Ou tbo conclusion of tho aormon, tho candi date was prcsentod by tho Archdeacon, and the service according to tha ritual was continued. Silent prayer and the singing of 'Veni, Creator Spiritus,' — Come, Holj- Ghost, our souls inspire, And lighten with colestia.1 flro, and the reception of tho o^ndidate by the Bish op and clergymen, who assembled ai the ch«n cel and laid their hands on thn head of the kneeling oandidate, were meat solemn points in a very solemn service, which concluded with tho words: — 'Toko thou authority to pi each the Word of God, nnd to ministtr ihu holy s:icraruenta ' — nnd the Beuedioliou. The Bithop ami elernyini-n, after the ordina tion service, held communion. 