SPORTING NOTES. fBv Tabobin-.! Kacmg men in South Australia are not permitted to remain idlolong. On Monday next they will have the S.A.J.C. Winter Meeting at Morphettvillo to engage their attention. aud, judging from the acceptances received this week, there will be somo capital sport. The fields will, numerically speaking-, be strong, and the various events will certainly take some picking. In order that the last racu need not be decided in the dark, the Club have agreed to open the proceedings a quarter of an hour earlier than usual — a change it will be well to note. Fifteen have been left iu the Hurdle Itaco, for which tho top weights will doubtless dispute favouritism. Benecia Boy has been unluckysince his arrival from Victoria. He ran off at tho first feuco at Oakbank, and fell on the Old Course, while he missed the first hurdle race at the S.A.J.C. Meeting by a head. With 11 st. 7 lb. he ought to be there or thereabouts again on Monday, but wherever he is Father Confessor will also be. In fact, the latter should beat him on their running iu tho S.A.J.C. Second Hurdlt! llnce of the same distance. Then Benecia Boy with 11 sL .7 lb. failed to get a place, while Father Con fessor with !) st. 5 lb., or 5 lb. less than he has now, was only beaten by Floodbird by a nose. The Gawler winner Radiant will no doubt be in request again, with only an additional G lb. on his back, but with a difference of '.I lb. in their favour Gipsy Queen and Sir George may turn the tables upon him. Baccarat may occasion a surprise, but with 3 lb. less Isinglass is to be preferred. Home Rule and Shootover are both on tho 9 st. mark, which should give them a chance, but I think the result will be something like tho following : — FATHER CONFEdSOll ? 1 BENECIA BOY ? _ 2 RAD. ANT ? :i The lot in tho Disposal Handicap will meet on practically the same tarms as they did in the Disposal Stakes on tha last day of the A.R.O. Meeting, in which none of them could get a place behind Fair Saxon. Perhaps on tho Evauston Handicap running at Gawler, Burnside reads best, but ho is unreliable, and it might be tetter to rely upon Cigarette with all her weight or Miola. if Mr. Cowan's maro could only be depended upon to shape as wel as hV.a did against Esau in the A.R.C. Auction Stakes, ahc would seoro. Esau was well backed when Fair Saxon won, while Quickshot has been going to do something out of tha common on more than one occasion. I would, however, sooner ataud by MIOLA ... ._ ... _. 1 CIGARETTE ... „ ... 2 BURNSIDE... ... ? ;; Tho Accession Handicap should be a good betting race, a.s at least eight of these left in aro fancied by thoir respective scabies. Port Admiral won this race last year with 9 .st. 4 lb., or 4 lb. less than ho will have on Mon day, and thon came out aad also appropriated the Farewell Handicap with 9 st. 13 lb. If he be in the same form now there is no reason why ho should not repeat this performance. Anyhow, he may be ex pected to make a bold bid for victory. Over the distanco 9 st. should stop Lord Grenviile, but Foliage has continued to do splendidly since the A.R.C. fixture, and even an addi tional 14 lb. may not provo too much for him. Still Thunderer will meet him on 11 lb. better terms, and this may bring them closer to gether, as Mr. Purvis's colt should bo able to got a mile and a furlong. Broken Hill is fancied, and the better of Mr. Crozier's pair will have to be reckoned with. This will probably be Viking. With only 7 st. I am inclined to trust Jsackara this time in the hope that his luck will change, and Staifa ought to render a good account of himself with only (i st. 22 lb. Then there is Kirkby, who has been in the background for some time, but who would have to be respected if all right withSst. 3 lb., while if Pitehery be hotter than Port Admiral he will be well worth a sovereign. I think it is very open, but Mr. Barker may hoist them THUNDERER or NACKAE A... 1 FOLIAGE ? „ ... 2 PORT.ADMIRAL ? 3 All Fours will probably start first favourite for tho Steeplechase, which she won last year with 10 st. S lb. When sho fell at Morphett ville recently she had 10 st. 7 lb., aud conse quently she has been raised 12 lb., but then Strike has also gone up 11 lb. for running second to Banjo. The pair may finish first and second, but over two miles and a half Wilpena with 10 st. 12 lb. should be dangerous. Mailboy's latest performances have hardly been en couraging enough, but if Taradale and Motala are alright again thero is no reason why one of them should not win. Tho others do not look like creating a surprise, and it may ba wiser to stick to the three top weights — ALL FOURS ... „ ... 1 STRIKE ... ... ? 2 WILPENA ? ... ... 3 Tho Junior Handicap reads like a match between Marryatville and the bettor of Hill's pair. If Elousinian has improved since he ran second in tho Adelaide Stakes he will no doubt be preferred to Princess of Wales, but he will have to b;: at his l-est to conquer Marryat ville, and therefore I shall write them MARRYATVILLE ? 1 ELEUSIXIAN ... „ ... 2 HEAR HEAR ? _ ;j Tf backers should liav? happened to have struck a bad day they will not have much chance on paper to get a recovery in the Farewell Handicap. Thoro are at the time of writing no Ic-.ss th;;n rv.v-nry-02ie engaged, anri at least half of them have claims for considera tion. 1 shall content myself by voting for WRANGLER ' ? 1 \TKLVG ? i- NOMADIC or T.ERN1CE ... :5 Mr. Ditkin i:;sucd his weights for the V.R.C. (iraiiil National jumping doublo on Mond:iy, but they have not xwinted baekur.-i »-ory materially to pink tue dnubiu. Red leap wouM oj.'rtainly no!, ilml 12 st. 13 lb. In: i miiL-li in l!ic IJunllo Kai-e if In: weru in anything apjiroat-hiu-z his boso form, but this is doubtful, and 'it is also noticeable, that the uamo of the champion is missing fror.i the entries for the Caulfield Grand National Ifuriiius and Siosplecha-i:. Thy Messr-. Miller may thoroforo haw: to rely upon one uf (.heir other trio. Artist. Prusion, and L'.'Jio. Pr.jston has n.-ceived quito uuouch in 12 :-t. .'j lb., and n« w!l! no doubt be res&rvuil; for a later engagement. Lcslio and Artist, however, shuuk] bo a dangerous pair. CVriainly they liavo both been pivtty wcil takun ciro «'f by Mr. Uakiu, but Leslio on the Quean's Birthday won in :?. cantur at Ficuiiugtun over two rniits earryiiic II si. IS lb. Artist h;u; been jumped from 10 st. ;'- Hi. to 11 ei. !) lb. for scoring ovor two miles and a half at the V.K.C. Autumn Mijt't ing. .There were only fiv.i starters on thai occasion,. though t!io crack Figaro was amongst them. Euinialca may be a good maro, bus she has caught i: hot in 12 st. Sib., and may lx? pa-ssod over. Tt poos without saying that ihe selected uf thu Messrs. Manifold will take no end of beating. Tho Simon Pure out of Apsloy, Pivot, Dungan, -?i-i Geometry, however, will tako some find ing. Hackers of doubles have coupled three ont of the four, Pivot, perhaps, being in the must request. Wiih 11 si. i- lb., however, [ biiould feel inclined to prefer Geometry. If -she wen; thought equal to winning last Saturday with 11 st. 13 lb. when sho came to grief, her chance cannot be desired here, and we have tho additional knowledge that she will get tho di°tanre all right. She was a. bit lame after b;r aci-ideiu, but it was not anticipated that this would bo anything serious. Corncrake cannot win with 1.1 st. 7 lb. on his Adelaide form, but Woouoko,. who ran second to Emmalea last year, has claims for consideration with 11 st. The Morphettville-brcd Lord Byron won at Flemington over two miles last April with 11 st. 10 lb. in 3 min. 50j sec, and with only another 2 lb. on his hack he cannot be discarded. Of the New Zealand pair Tiritea may start, whilo Mutiny may l» reserved for the Steeplechase, but I would sooner trust to Black Flag. Since his arrival in Melbourne, tho latter lias not been out of a place, and he won pretty comfortably at Flemington on Saturday over two miles -with only a pound less thanhehasnow. Morago. who has been installed nominal favourite, is by Bras-de- fcr from Satauella. Ho won the Hurdle Race at the Melbourno Hunt Club Meeting last October with 9 st. 3 lb.. Corn crake (10 st. 10 lb.) being amongst the beaten division, and at CaulSeld he was credited with a good performance. There he scored over two miles with 10 st. 1 lb., tho lieaten division including Ripple. Barossa, Rosestam. and others. He, however, failed in both the hurdle races at the V.R.C. Spring Meeting with 11 st. and 11 st. 3 lb. I saw Gratiano run Borderer to half a head over three miles last November with 10 st. 7 lb. on his back, and now with 10 st. G !b. ono must be partial to him, as ho is an undoubted stiver. Lucid is spoken of favourably, but Biscnoff has bejn a failure in iho past. Mr. Frew has Zoarotf also cnj:air«], but ha has done nothing uf mite, and Leap Year would be a better investment. The btst half-dozen at the weights appear to me to bo — LESLIE, MORAGO, GRATIANO. WOONOKrt. GEOMETRY. ULACK FLAG. In the iv.»ep!erh.ve no less tiia-.r.hrue stables hn\\\\! twelve horses cuemjTivI, and they are a formidable lot. Tiie Messrs. Mi Her are repre sented by Redleap, Dart, Larnook, and Whera side, and of this lot Dart will probably be. the chosen. He suffered defeat at the hands of Rorke's Drift last Saturday, but the extra dis tance may bo more in his favour, and it will be remembered he ran second last year with 0 st, 10 lb. The Messrs. Manifold have Dungan, Geometry, Waterloo , and Apsley to chouse from. Dungan has tho same weight — 12 st. 9 lb.— as he won with at Tattersall's Meeting on tho Old Course, and he is such a great jumner that he will have to be treated with the greatest respect. Waterloo, however, if alright, will ahc have to be reckoned with, a.s ho has only S lb. more than he got home with in theOnkanaringn Great Eastern Steoplenhiise. Grandwing, Leap Year, Zouroff, and Will o' tho Wi.sp are in tlio Kinie stable, and Will o' the Wisp will beat more than will beat him. This week ho was tried over the big timber at Fleming ton, and jumped faultlessly. Joi may have a few jxninds more than it was expat-ted he would get, but lw will strip an improved horse, and 11 st. 9 lb. may not stop him. Ho is sat to meet Duugan on 15 II). butter terms for his defeat at Oakbank, and tho advan tage should bring tiiam closer together. Quick light at 11 st. !) lb. is ono of tho picks of the handicap. Shewon the first Steeplechase at ths V.R.G. Meeting last March as she liked with 10 lb.. fi lb, and she was to all appearance? scoring in the second with 12 st. just as comfortably when she fell. She is reported to bedding favourably at Flemington, jumping in first-class style.' Mutiny should run well with 12 at. 2 la. while.' of the nthrrs Timpni 9 st. S lb., Campaspe 10 st. ' 0 lb., Walter 10 st. 7 lb., and Mercury 10 st. 2 lb. 1 think the winner ought to come from QIJICKLEGHT, DART, .JOI, PUNGAN, WATERLOO, MUTINY. The course proper ah Morphettville was opened on Thursday morning, and some good work was got through. Jack Perry was tho first out. He naked Successor a question over seven furlongs, which was negotiated in 1 min. 33i koc. Hasty was treated to long steady work, while The Arab, with Kirk up, was moving along over six furlongs. Rose dalo had Trentalto for a companion in a soven- furlong Suitor the pair finishing to gether in 1 min. 37? sec. Foliage beat Ivirkby by »a dozen lengths at tlio end of a mile and a furlong, the watch registering 2 min. S.( sec. Foliage went very weil. Nomadic and Clyteninaytra finished up v/ith a two furlong spurt. Supposition put in a round at half pace. Th* Golden King w;is given a turn over tho hurdles, but shaped badly. Staffa did long steady work, finishing up with half a mile in 58 sees. Tho whole of Quinin's yearlings wero credited with useful exercise. Nackara, with Tothill in the saddle, was asked a question over a mile and a furlong, Playmate joining in tho last mile. Nackara covered tho full distanco in 2 min. 11 see. Hear Hear (F. Burn) carved out six furlongs in 1 min. 20j sec., while Bernico did useful work. Arctic put in a couplo of steady rounds. Floodbird, looking well, wont onco round; whilo Switcher andSnallywag worked steadily. Fair Saxon (Foon) and First Bolt (Rogers) were coupled ovor seven furlongs, which they negotiated in 1 min. 40£ sec. Somo service able steeplechase work was recorded to Taradale and Benecia Boy, who negotiated a milo and three- quarters. Elusuiian, Princess of Wales, and Principle were bracketed for a seven-furlong spin. Princess of Wales pulled off, after going five furlongs, and Prin ciple, running over his companion, covered the distanco in 1 min. 40i sue. Broken Hill left a. mile and a furlong nebiud him in even time. Danbydalo traversed savon furlongs in 1 min. 41 sec. Port Admiral, Royal Admiral, and Pitchory were sent on a mile and-a-furlong journey, Anglo-Saxon assisting them the first five furlongs. The full distanco occupied 2 min. 9.J sec. John Bull bowled over the same distance in oven time. Viking (F. Burn ) and Hortensius (Willis) were coupled for a round, which they negotiated in 2 min. 50 sec, Viking having mo.it to say at the finish. Surefoofc and Concussion worked steadily. The yearlings under Kiely's and H ill's caro, were treated to gentle exercise. On Wednesday the Golden King was schooling over the hurdles, but he jumped none too well. Conflict was also tried over the small sticks, at which he came to grief. Rosedale, with young Burko up, was also given a turn over tho nurdles, and she shaped well for a beginner. The course proper was .also opened on the Old Coursa on Thursday morning. Shootover was sent on a milo- and-three-furlong- journey, which ho negotiated in fair time. Home Rule got to the end of a mile and three-quarters in 3 min. 304 sec., Dianthus bringing him home the last mile, which was run iu 1 min. 5!J| sec. Juliet held Gipsy Queen safe at the end of a milu and a half in 3 min. 3 sec. The Idler got over five furlongs smartly. Lord Grenville (Stcnnett) and Germaine (Sheppard) were coupled over a milo and a furlong, tho chest nut finishing in front in 2 min. 6i, soo. Parnell was credited with good steeplechase work, while Carmelito and Encounter did useful exercise on tho cinders. Helena left six furlongs liehind her in a taking manner. Motala was restricted to long steady work, but The Ghost moved along for a round. G;»il lardia, Troy, and Radiant were companions for a milo and six furlongs, the last round of which occupied 3 min., with Radiant in front. Kiiso left six furlongs bohind him in I min. 25i sec. Mailboy (Curtin) put in some sound steeplechase work. Paul Jones and Tallawa ran onco round in 3 min. 10 soc. They were schooled over hurdles on Wednes day, and jumped well. Pluvius and First Master cut out three furlongs in 41^ sec. Trout was dispatched over a mile, Union Jack assisting him for seven furlongs, while Esau accompanied him for the first h'vo, which they covered in 1 min. 0 sec. The full journey took Trout 1 min. 54 sec. Consequence was schooled over the fences, and acquitted herself creditably. Woodticld put in good steeple chase- work, while Sir George was bowling along over a couple of miles, Electric assisting him tho first part of the journey. Fund, look ing well, worked steadily, and Mompa encom passed a mile in even time. Cigarette and Recoup left five furlongs behind them in 1 min. II sco., while Ulva ran a mile iu 1 min. 57 we. Rcgwir, Jack Sprat, Young -'Lucifur, Gort, Hamlet, and several others put in useful I'xercise. Radiant and Troy were schooled over ttu'. hurdles on Wednesday, and shaped well. Nominations for the Waterloo Cup, to bo d.:d'kd at Bu'.-kiaud Park, must reach the Hon. Secretary, Mr. F. W. Davis, atRoberts'fi Snirt Arcade Hotel, by 5 o'clock thij evening. Tha Cambria Plato and Pursn wili be decided at yiomiugcon on Saturday. The places in die former may be iili-Kl by Mir-a Gladstone, Carlton, and M»rcia, whilo Shannon, Nobody, ::.!i'.l Boa Ton may supply tho situations in the 1'urse. ? 