Thl Hluli of Silonct. [BY DR. J. H. ROBINB)N.] CHAPTRR XXVI. 5II WIIIH A SUPPOSED JOKE PROVES a IREALITY. It was past midnight when the car riage stopped. The door was opened and madam got out. She said to Terence, in an authoritative tone: 'Follow me !' 'Madam, how can one disobey you ?' returned Terence, who, upon alighting from the carriage, found himself sur rounded by blacks. He would have asked her purpose, but seeing that he could not resist her commands, resigned himself in silence to her dictation. An imposing edifice was before him; it was hemmed in by an iron fence. There were terraces in front, with stone steps. Tasteful flower beds, evergreens and shubbery bore witness to the refinement of .the owner. He doubted not that he was at madam's plantation, of which he had heard her casually speak. She led the way with the dignity of a queen. The door was opened by a slave, who stood in an humble attitude as she entered. ' Malachi,' said madam, to a Her culeannegro, 'bring a lamp.' Then turning to the others who had attended her, she added, ' You may go; and if you wish to keep whole tongues in your heads, do not talk of what does not concern you.' The blacks vanished in a moment, and Malachi, coming with a lamp, submissively awaited her orders. Terence looked at him with a sensa tion of awe. In stature he was a giant. His arms were unnaturally long, reaching nearly to his knees when he stood erect. His great hands, too, from the wrists to the tips of his fingers, were of unusual length. His bare feet and arms, retreating. forehead~ flat nose and protuberant lips, did not prepossess Terence in his favour. He looked like a mammoth ape. This Hercules trembled at the voice of Madame Vancourt. It trou bled him to look into her eyes, and a glance from her made him nervous. He was in a fever of obsequiousness. 'This rough giant,' thought Terence, 'fears this delicate woman. Here is the antagonism of coarse and fine.' It will be inferred that Torence watched every movement and expres. sion of Eugenia; he did so with an intensity of interest naturally called up by the strange position in which he was placed. Her face still wore that snowy pallor he had already noticed. Her features were as statuesque as if they had been frozen to ice. Her eyes were luminous but cold, as if dead to common emotions. While she remained fixed and silent, she was another Niobe. Terence began to feel uncomfort able misgivings. This woman was capable of sur passing others in her vengeance as much as she surpassed them in her beauty. He was sure it was ridiculous weakness to fear one of her sex, yet could not but confess, in wardly, that he was afraid. ' Malachi,' said madam, in those sevQrely cold and authoritative tones that bore such unmistakable evidence to the inflexibility of her temper, 'we have an honoured guest to-night. He must have the stone room.' The young man observed that Malachi's inky skin grew a shade less dark. He believed it time to re monstrate. 'Madam, I am such a lover of liberty,' he said, 'that I cannot allow myself to be controlled long at a time, even bya fair woman, Thus far I have submitted in silence, but my gal lantry has reached the culminating point. I beg leave to ask what you purpose doing with me ?' 'You are my. guest,' returned madam. ' You will follow Malachi to your a artment.' 'If I resist ?' ' You will be overcome. I have a hundred negroes who would not hesi tate to cut off their own hands, if I bade them. Will you, walk, or be carried ?' 'Eugenia, you are vowerful in argument.' Then to Malacehi: ' Pluto, go on. Madam commands two hun dreds arms, and I but two.' Malachi walked thoe length of along hall, and pushing open a sliding-door, descended a flight of stairs of some thirty or forty steps. Terence kept pace with him in no enviable frame of mind. The light footfall of madam was close beside him. ' Madam,' he remarked, 'you have singular notions of hospitality. One seldom entertains a guest under ground. Such places as this, my friend, are, I dare say, incongruously enough associated with the Inquisi tion and crime.' 'It is a very natural thought,' Eugenia deigned to reply ? 'I entreat of you, Eugenia, to end this plaisanterie !' 'You think it plaisanterie ? How amiable !' Eugenia laughed in a manner that made Terence shiver. 'lMy God! madam, you do not mean to be in earnest? You cannot -you will not be cruel ?' The parties had crossed the vault. 'Open that door!' said madam to the negro. The great, black, ape-like hand obeyed this mandate. Terence glanced at madam beseechingly. She waved him onward with a gesture supremely imperious, As he gazed at her with terror and admiration, he uttered those sad and meaning words: . 'It might have been !' They reached Eugenia; they struck upon her brain like a ':hammer; a tremor of inexpressible feeling shook her person. Feor an instant, her ro, intractable, wayward spirit desired over its fate, wept the loss of its hopes, and sobbed for uman sympathy; it mounted, it trailed its wings in the dust in vain. It might have been! it was not to be! Terence perceived a momentary change in her expression, but it came and went so like an electric flash that he could not know its signifi cance. Re 'was in the stone-room, and lanced about him with shivering uriosity, to read the moral it con reyed. 'It is a dungeon!' he exclaimed. Oh, madam, carry this damp and huddering joke no further ! 'If this proves a joke, you will never know a reality!' answered madam, in a voice so concentrated that it seemed a material projection of herself and her hatred. Terence's pride and anger awoke. He cast himself into the only chair that the room contained. ' Well, madam,' he said, with a smile of contempt, 'since it is your imperious will that I should be a prisoner, I trust you will not deprive me of light, books, and refreshment.' Eugenia smiled bitterly, and the door closed upon Terence, who was left' in the profoundest darkness. Day and night were now of the same colour; both mightcome and go without affecting him. He had leisure for reflection. He thought over the adventures of the night, and finally arrived at the evident conclu sion that he was a martyr to the wirath of a disappointed woman. He re aessureod. himself. She could mean no particular harm; she wished merely to intimidate. Her anger would soon burn out; its very intensity would shorton its duration. In a few hours she would relent and tearfully bring him from his durance; if she did not, perhaps he could soften her by moving appeals. If need be, he would even seem to yield to her wishes. This train of reasoning was the best, undoubtedly, that could have been suggested, but did not entirely satisfy the young man. His own per ceptions convinced him that she was a tigress when aroused and thwarted. He might well fear her strength. Another idea that haunted and per plexed him was. that the affections of Desiree might be artfully alienated during his absence. Madam would donothing by halves or imperfectly. Her plans, questionless, were deeply laid, and the unities of her wickedness would come together without clash or error. When he had wearied himself with thinking, he went to sleep and dreamed of the Children of Silence, Madame Vancourt, Howden, Desiree, and the palace. Terence slept several hours; he knew not how many. He awoke un refreshed, and after a very long, dark, silent vigil, slept again. At his next awakening, a change had taken place in his surroundings. A large lamp, suspended from the ceiling, diffused a soft light through the room. In his state of mind it did not appear a natural light, but weird and ghostly. A table was before him, bearing various refreshments; in the centre was a bottle of rich amber-'coloured wine, and beside it a glass of ex quisite symmetry, while upon each end of the table were too large and peerless bouquets. Terence beheld this unexpected reflection with surprise. 'Ah,' thought he, 'she has re lented. Her resentment is cooling. I shall pass through thie fire of her anger unscathed.' Carrying his observation to other parts of the room, he made other dis coveries. He saw a couch, which had escaped his attention at the time of his induction, when Malachi ushered him in. There was nothing noticeable upon the walls, except that their hard, damp surfaces were somes what softened by the light. He arose, tried the door, found it fastened, walked to and fro a few nmoments, and was surprised to find that the atmosphere had chilled him so much. The wine looked inviting; he took up the bottle, turned out a portion of its glowing contents, smiling at the inconsistencies of women, and drank. The palate of an epioure could not have faulted it. 'It is worthy the genius of Eu genia !' he exclaimed. It warmed his stomach-it sent a thrill of animation to his benumbed limbs. He swallowed another draught, end wondered if madam would come to him before the bottle was drained. He felt better, and stretched himself upon the couch. Presently a langour stole over him, and a mistiness crept into his brain that was like the twi light of consciousness. This heavi ness increased until he was sensible of a dull and troubled realisation of being. This was of short duration; his obscured perceptions flickered up like a partially smothered flame, until they burned with a clear and steady light. His mentality expanded in every direction. Thoughts flashed from his brain like innumerable new fledged birds from their nests. He believed he had the power of seeing and sensing objects beyong the limits of his prison. He clothed everything in a garb of hitherto unperceived beauty. He dwelt in the ideal, and wished that he could remain forever in such a beatitude. He looked at the flowers upon the table-they were incomparably lovely, although but a few moments before they had scarcely excited a throb of admiration; now they were living, breathing creatures. Inspired by his ideal, he arose and sat upon the side of his couch, at the foot of which he beheld what he marvelled that he had not seen before -a picture of Eugenie. He gazed at it with an enthusiasm which the pres ence of:3the original had never awakened. 'It is impossible!' he cried. ' That is flattered by the hand of genius.' The door opened slowly, silently, and Eugenia herself appeared, and the glory of the picture paled beside her. How blind he had been! How insensible to her transcendent beauty ! She was a goddess-she was not a woman. Women are dust and ashes; but she was divine-she would live for ever. Death would tremble at her loveliness and drop his dart; the lips ofDecaywould neverkissher flesh. The face, the form of Eugenia threw him° into a delirium of adoration. While looking at, he could remember only her, and was unconscious of another being in the world. He tottered to ward her like a drunken man. She smiled with triumph as he approached. His madness, his frenzy, were at their height. He held out his hand-he sank at her feet-his ideal clothed her in glory and light. 'Divine ! divine!' he murmured, in the voice of a sleep-walker. 'I ask only to behold, to worship, to remain here I' ' Fool!' exclaimed Eugenia, with a hollow laugh. 'You are deceived, cheated, mocked !' Terence experienced a thrill of inexpressible pain. 'I kneel-I grovel! Celestial Eugenia-Life, Love, Rapture !' Madam bent toward him, as if to answer his wild power. His blood glowed with joyous expectation. Paradise was about to fall into his arms-the blisses of white-robed angels were to be his. Her per fumed breath already touched him; it penetrated him with a pleasure that was maddening, it enkindled a desire that would annihilate him if unanswered. A thousand trembling fevers swayed to and fro and undu lated in his veins. He floated in a sea of delicious pain. That divinely molded mouth-that heavenly face those seraphic eyes-that smile, that should be kissed aivay by angels! 'Desiree !' mocked madam. Terence's brain grew dark; the radiant scintillations of Beauty paled. He felt as if falling from a great dis tance, clutching, in terrible trepi dation, at unsubstantial objects as he descended to unknown depths. A world of light, ecstasy, and intoxi cation rolled from beneath him. He experiencbd a crushing sense of guilt, humiliation, and falsehood. In the agony of his remorse and horror, he cried out, 'Desires ! Desires !i' and sank upon the floor. The demon drug that willed him bore him from the summit of his joy to the lowest valley of Hades, where there was mental horror and. the lowest blackness of darkness. Down in the abyss, where he tossed to and fro in despairing wretchedness, he heard the voice of Eugenia, hissing:: 'Desiree ! Desires !' CHAPTER XXVII. UPON THIE TIlRESIIOL)D. ' Wimming,' said Dorothy, oracu larly, 'occupyin' an inordinate posi tion in resistance---' ' Existence,' suggested Desiree. 'I said existence, mum,' returned Dorothy, bridling. 'I was about to reserve,' she added, with unabated confidence, 'that the ladies fillin' the capacity that I fill are not expected to see the things that them callin' their betters see, or to talk of 'em either. There's Madame Vancourt, mum-a very nice person, indeed-has bben gone two nights and a day; which is, on the whole, mysterious. When folks are gone two nights and a day, it isn't for nothin'. ' ' She has gone to her plantation, Dorothy.' 'This,' returned the spinster, with the air of one who feels that she has not been well treated, ' is the first that I have heard about her havin' a plan tation.' 'You eught to have been informed of it, I am sure,' said Desiree, smil-. ing. * I never was redieted to prying into other people's conearns, as some is, for which I thank fortin; for I do consider cur'osity, either in man or woman, a failin' and a sin; but'I should like to know if Madame Van court has a husband, and is she has, where he is? In course, a madam ought to be a married woman.' 'Madame Vancourt is a widow,' re plied Desiree. 'A young and interestin' c'reetur, too. I should think she'd set all the young fellers crazy after her. Sich grace of movement, and sich cemetery of figger, not to speak of her know ledge of pi'sons, minerile, vegetible, and animile. Why, bless.your soul, the learned wimming who lectured at the medicamental institutions at the North didn't know half so much about pi'sons and anecdotes as the madam." '?ugenia had a beau:iful canary, you remember? What has become it ?' Desiree asked. ' It was found dead in its cage, one mornin', mum.' 'Where is her Italian greyhound which she was so fond of?' 'It has been pinin' and mopin' for a week. If it goes on in that way for a few days longer, there'll be nothin' of it left. It's a strange idee, mum, but the poor little creetur 'minds me of Suly every time I see it. It keeps its mouth open, as if to cool its throat, which seems to be burnin' up with in formation.' "It is very strange!' mused De sires. 'If I' to speak my mind, as I.did at the North, ten year ago, nigh or nighabout, I should resert boldly that the madam is very mysterious and onaccountable. She don't go to bed as people ought to o' nights.. Steal along the pas sage at any hour, and you'll see a light shinin' under the door. Look through the keyhole when you will, mum, and you'll see her at her table, with her head in her hand in a brown study, or studyin' in her books; and if she isn't doin' either, she'll be starin' into that silver box, like a person injl aream.' 'So you've been watchm' her ?' re turned Desiree, sharply. 'The Lord love you, no ! I onlyse what I can't help seein', and if a body can't see what they can't help seein' what. can they see?' Dorothy Doubleday fired up witt virtuous indignation. ' I. might have remarked,' she went on, 'that she has been seen wanderin about the house at midnight, like a ghost; but it isn't my way to tell all I know; with other folks' consarm I never meddle nor make. She has been in the liberary, mum.' ' More than once ?' asked Desiree, eagerly. ' If I's to speak my mind, I should resert that she's been there ten times at the dead of night, if she's 1een there once. And sich queer things as she carried !' 'What were they ?' ' They looked like long, fine needles, and some kind of an instrument that they call a mightyscope at the North.' 'Needles and a microscope !' re peated Dasiree. 'You are a very shrewd person, Dorothy. To what use did madam put those articles ?' 'How should I know, when she wasee shut up alone with 'em in the liberary ? I couldn't tell ye mor'n the dead!' 'But the keyhole, Dorothy ?' 'She stuffed a corner of her hand kerchief into it, which would have pervented my seein' anythin', pro vided I'd been of a pryin' natur, like many of my sex. And by the way, mum, this 'minds me of somethin' that the madam told me day before yes terday; but mind you, it's a great secret that I'm not to repeat to the world, especially to you. "Dorothy," sez she, "I'm so Ishocked and sur prised,' sez she.' ' What is it ?" sez I. ' "I couldn't a been more worked up," sez she. '"What in the world is it ?" sez I. ' " Poor Desiree !" sez she. ' As you may suppose, I was by this time all of a flutter. She laid her hand on my shoulder confidentiously and whispered, " Monsieur Lavigne is an impostor! He has been turned out of his hotel from indelibi lity to meet his bills. I've just met him in the street, looking like a beg gar." ' (To Be Continued.) 