.?hq gjtrps SATURDAY. DECEMBER 12TH-. 1800 TYPHOID. The dread scourge typhoid fever ia again in bur knidst, and already it has claipied as a victim a young man who could ill bo spared' from tho coiri- munity.-. At the hospital a'youth'is now lying prostrated with it', and there are indications that before tho end of tho year other cases will be re ported. With such a prospect beforo tho town jit surely is time that tboso upon whoso shoulders rests the re sponsibility of .maintaining tho clean liness and consequent healthiness of the place should put forth an effort to make their authority respected. Typhoid, as is well known, is a pre ventable diseaso, and that simple fact should bo taken as.a text tfy the powers that bo and followed as closely as circumstances will permit. Tho situation of the town, no doubt, makes the. work of sanitation somewhat difficult, ns tho level nature of the country does not afford any scope for drainage This, however is no excuse for the neglect of work that could bo and ought to bo done before the disease obtains a strong footing in tho town. On tho contrary, it should act rather as an incontivo to tho authori ties to exort tho utmost of their power to limit the conb.gion.nl overy pos sible way. That little or no attempt is made to enforce sanitary precau tions is evident to' anyone who care? to take a casual walk round the town. Thuro cau bo no doubt that the majority of. the inhabitants aro scrupulously clean in regard to their habits of life and with respect to their homes and their surroundings; but it cannot bo denied that there ore peoplo in the town whose mode of living, whoso habitations aud whoso environments are of such a character as to point to the existence of several prospective fever beds in the town. It requires no practised observer-to indicate these places, which should not bo allowed to exist. It certainly might be beyond the power.of the Council or its officers to force every man, woman,'and child in the town to perform a daily ablution, but thoro surely is a power vested in the muni cipal body that can compel:indolent and dirty peoplo to keop their pre mises clean. There are probably soma who allow their houses . and premises to become breeding grounds for disease through ignorance of the power of dirt to creato and dissemi nata tho germs of diseaso,- which may prove fatal to numbers of our towns folk. Tboso people, in most cases, could be readily deult with, because they could easily be brought to under stand the danger that lay concealed behind their ignorance of sanitary laws, aud they would not require much persuasion'to effect a change in their surroundings. There are, un fortunately, others whose ideas of cleanliness would make a barbarian blush, and who can only bo dragooned into making oven-an attempt at keep ing either their porsons or their* habi tations clean. -Some of these plague' spots (because they can be termed nothing else) have been allowed to grow in a few of tho principal streets, where tho settlement is closest, where the traffic is heaviest, and where thoro is a. correspondingly greater dongor to the health of tho citizens, should an outbreak occur. Other towns in the colony have in the past been just as heedless of the danger that threatened them from unhealthy surroundings during the hot summer months as tho poople of this town now are, but it is now, unfortunately, a matter of history that some of those towns hnvo paid dearly for the absence of Bnni tary regulation, in the shapo of a death-roll that included the names of many valuablo citizens. Only last summer somo of the inland towns suffered terribly from the ravages of this zymotic scourge, and who is thoro can say that such a fate shall not fall to tho lot of this fair town in tho absence of any reasonable precautions being taken, to avoid it? A wise proverb says " Prevention is better than cure," and with regard to typhoid tbo maxim ha? a double force. Speak ing recently on tho subject of typhoid, Dr. I. E. Haywaud, a health officer of large experience in Lancashire (Eng.), said the first and last commandment of typhoid prevention was cleanliness —porsonal and public cleanliness. If wo kept ourselves clean; if we kopt our drinking water clean j if we kopt our closets and our drains, our kitchens, sculleries, gardens, streets, and towns entirely clean, typhoid would be practically as groat a stranger to most of us as. is tho ghost of King Solomon. 