NEWS AND NOTES. THE SYLVESTER FUND.—We have to acknowledge the sum of £2 received from "West Australians," Geraldton, for the Mrs. Sylvester fnnd. THE MINE OWNERS' ASSOCIATION.—Mr. W. O. Hodgkinson has resigned his position as vice-president and member of the Mine Owners' Association. THE MAILS.—A mail for Singapore, Derby, and intermediate ports is announced to close at 4 o'olock this afternoon, for despatch par s.s. Sultan. GERALDTON ASSIZES.—A special Criminal Court of Assize will be held at Geraldton on Wednesday, tho 5th inst., at ten o'clock, before Mr. Justice Stone, Commissioner. ART EXHIBITION.—His Excellency the Governor will this afternoon open an art exhibition of oil paintings by noted British and foreign artists in Eagle Chambers, Hay- street. CIVIL SERVICE ASSOCIATION.-The first "smoke social" under the auspices of the Civil Service Association will be held at the Cremorne Theatre on Tuesday, August 4, at 7.30 p.m. BANKRUPTCY.-The following notification was gazetted this week :-Notice of dividend -Re W. Waugh, storekeeper, Coolgardie, first and final, 9«. 2|d. in the £; payable 10th inst. PERTH HOSPITAL.-The following is the report of the Perth-PubKo Hospital for the past week:-Patients discharged, 14; ad- mitted, 12; died, 0; remaining, 43; oat patients (new cases), 51. REGISTRAR'S CAMP AT MURRIN MURRIN. News has been rocsivsdat the Mines Depart- ment from Menzies that the registrar's camp will be established at Murrin Murrin in about a fortnight's time. THE EASTERN GOLDFIELDS.-Mr. A. E. Burt, lately mining legiatrar at Roebourne, who will take up a similar position oa one of the Eastern goldfields, haa arrived in Perth from the north. TBB GENERAL TRAFFIC MANAGER.-Mr. John Daviss, the General Traffio Manager, left Perth yesterday afternoon on a visit to Albany. Mr. Davies is expeoted to return to the city on Monday morning. COOLGARDIE RACES.-A eeneral exemp- tion from the labour conditions has been granted by the Minister to the mines on the Coolgardie field, for the 6th and 8th August, so that minera may be able to attend the races. THE GERMAN CLUB.-The half-yearly general meeting of the German Clob will be held on Wednesday evening next, at 8 o'clock. The elah propose to ereot a build- ing on the land recently purchased, and the meeting ia convened fer the purpose ot, 11 diioBMine the »reject J PARLIAMENTARY.-The return cf Mr. J. «T Higham as member for Fremantle in th| Assembly was notified in the Qavtrnmen' Gazette yesterday. The returning offioer'l certificate WSB also published, «bowing that 417 votes were pilleo, of which ten were tt: jected, being informal. ACCIDENT AT GUILDFORD.—Yesterday afternoon a horae and buggy, driven by Mrs. Clark, of the Stirling Arms Hotel, Guild- ford, collided with a horse and cart opposite the Guildford Hotel. Fortunately the lady escaped injury, but the horse was injured and the buggy sustained considerably damage. JOHNSTON MEMORIAL CHURCH.—Anniver- sary sermons are to be preached in this church to-morrow. The Rev. W. T. Keneh, preaches in the morning, and in the evening the pastor, the Rev. W. F. Turton, will preach a special sermon on the "Mission of Congregationalism." Anthems and solos are promised by the choir. PUBLIC RESERVES.—The following re- serves were notified in this week's Govern- ment Gazette :—Wyndham : No. 3,465 (½a.) for a hospital ; No. 3,457 (32p.), for a gaol. Nelson, Bridgetown: No. 3,460 (about 4,470a.), for timber. Cranbrook : No. 3,463 (1r. 32p.), for a school site. Bulong: No. 3,464 (½a.), for the police. TRINITY CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.— The Rev. W. F. Turton, of Fremantle, will preach in the morning at 11 o'clock, and the pastor (the Rev. William T. Kench) at night at 7.30 o'clock. The subject of the evening sermon will be "A Christian Optimist." The Lord's Supper will be observed at the close of the evening service. THE TELEGRAPH LINES.—The official report of the working of the telegraph lines for the 24 hours preceding yesterday morn- ing is as follows :—" Eucla line worked well yesterday, and we are clear both ways. The South Australian side worked well, but Eucla has 190 on hand for Adelaide. All other lines clear early. 9 a.m.—All lines working well." LITTLE WIVES OF INDIA.-Wa have been asked by Miss Ferguson, of Mount-street, te stats that the mosey collected in this colons on behalf of tha "Little Wives of India ' Fund, is plaoed by the treasurer of the Weal, Australian circle in the Savings Bank. Thil funds cannot be withdrawn except on ay; order from the Advisory Committee, witt which committee Dr. Ryder has no connect tion. W.C.T.U.-The Misses Vincent and Cnrai mins, the W.C.T.U. Australasian organisers, have just held a successful Gospel Temper anee Mieûou in connection with the W.C.T.U, in Geraldton. They aro now holding mia sions in Greenough and Dongarra. Wber these are over they purpose visiting tat Murchison goldfields, returning to Perth if time to be present at the W.C T.U. Conven, tion, in September. TELEGEAPHIC EXTENSION ON TH« GOLB FIELDS.-The telegraph station at Niagara,, whenos the line was recently extended frei Menzies, was oponed yesterday. Congra*m latory telegrams wera forwarded to the Prai mier by Mr. J. Kennedy (chairman of tbil local Prcgreês Association) and M*. J. B, Doolette, and replied to in appropriate terms. The Postmaater-Gnneral waa alstl in reoeipt of similar congratulations. THE CAVERSHAM ESTATE.-Attention li directed to Meters. B. C. Wrod and Co.' auction, in connection with Mr. F. lilias, worth, which takes place this evening at thai Mechanics' Institute, when they will offea/ the well-known Caversham Estate snbdivL sion. The land oentains lorne finft orchard, gardes, and building sitas, and th?< blockB along the river are particular!}; attractive for residential purpesas. MR. VENN'S SEAT.-Aa was stated, yestM! day, Mr. R. F. Sholl has resumed his old sea! ia the Aaiembly, whioh this essaioo, till hil, arrival, was oconpied by Mr. H. W. Vena. Upon Mr. Sholl rstnrning to his coat in ihit end oorner of the beek Opposition Oro« Benob, Mr. Venn seated himself upon tbo Iff of the member for the Gascoyne. Tue baob Opposition Croea Benah is therefore nor tenanted by Mr. Sholl, Mr. Venu, and Mi Solomon. SUPREME COURT BUSINEBS.-The pro diotion recently made in these columna tbafr the business of the Supreme Conrt wool«) oconpy a long time, and would probably 'asti into August, has been fu'fillod. The litt oi causes has not yet been conoludsd, although the Court has sat in one jarisdiction on another ever ainee the first Wednesday III July. There appears to bo enough busi-eir remaining over to oarry tho Court on to thti August sitting!, which will commence on thr second Tuesday in thia month, namely, thf 11th inst. " THE LANCASHIRE LASS "-Byro- 'a w-11 known and popular drama, Tho Lancmhir Lass, will be prodr.a-id by the W- tin o< Dramatio Company, in the Town Ha -, ti» night. Speoial efforts have been pot 'oitli ti make the performance a diatmo' anco- »i. Scenery has been speoially painted, tht oharaotcrs have been well cast, and ni to- gether tha preparations are snub aa P!.< n't ensure a bnmper house. The prii'e« an 3s 2»., and Is. The box plan is at Nichols n't Musió Warehouse, where seats may be re served without extra oharge. FRUIT CULTURE NEAR GERALDTON.-ifr James Lander, of Narra Tarra. near Gi-r.ud ton, recently forwarded to the Bureau j Agricultura a samóle of scarlet mundaring, upon which Mr. Desprissis, the viticultura!" expert, makes the following comment : " Thr scarlet mandarins are of Ihe finest grown ir, Western Anetralia, and, as a matter of fact;, conld not be excelled in any of the othen colonies. The fruit ia large, (Ht, tbn Bkin dark red, easily detachable, and, unlike thtt Emperor mandarins, become very pnffy when, fully ripe. The ' scarlet ' ia one of the best of all mandarins in semi-tropical clima'es.'' TEMPERANCE WORK AT JARRAHDALE.-. The organising secretary of the' diooesav. branch of the Church of England Temperare» Sooiety, at the invitation of Mr. Woodruff, licensed lay reader in charge at Jarrahdale^ paid a visit last week to Jarrahdale for the purpoee of inaugurating a C.E.TC guild there Meetings were hela on Satur« day, 25th ult., and Monday, 27th nit,, and the organising seoretary also gave.»ti addresB on "Gospel Tempéranos" on the Sunday evening intervening. As a recuit, 21 members were enrolled. Mr. Woodruff was installed at president, and Mrs. D»an aa hon. secretary. The guild waa duly affiliâtes) with the diocesan branch. WESLEY CHURCH SERVICES.-The Cburok, Parade of the Boys' Brigade will take place to-morrow morning at Wesley Church, when. the Rev. G. E. Rowe will give an address to tho boys on " Manliness." In the afternoon at 3.15 the Cyolists' Church Parade Servie« will be held, when the Reva. G. E. Rowe, A. J. Barolay, and C. A. Jenkins (members of the oyoling club) will take part. During tha service Mr. H. Wright will sing " If Witt» All Your Hearts " (Mendelssohn), Mr. R. H. Laing will sing " By Galilee's Calm Waters * (Linsday), and Mr. Rosenthal will sing " Jerusalem " (Parker). The offertory ai this servioe will be for the siok poor. The evening service commences at seven o'clock, when the Rev. G. E. Rowe will give a* evangelistic address on " The Atonement." QUADRUPLEX TELEGRAPHY ON ' THJL INTERCOLONIAL LINE.-Although quad, ruplex transmitters and repeating instrumente have been installed at Eucla and Israelite B«j respectively for some days, the Telegraph Department baa not yet experienced the benefit of the innovation, owing to the fso( that tho operators at th» ov>>rland station- äre not yet familiar with the instruments. The linea bave been worked triplex, but not duplex. Mr. G. P. Stevens, chief clectrioiia of the department, who installed th« instrumenta, is now at Eyre, and it "it intended tfc*t he shall prooeed to Israelit« Bay and spend a few days in instructing th« operators upon tha points in the working ot the instruments. Mr. Stevens will return tfc Perth overland ma Ponton's station, on th» new overland line, and Dundas and Cool, gardie. RANDELL AND OTHERS V. THE COM- MISSIONER OF RAILWAYS.-The h.aring ol the case of Randell and otbers v. the Com. miasioner of Railways was continued in th« Supreme Court, yesterday, before Mr. Justier Hensman and a epec'al jury. The whole of the day was taken up with the hearing of the case for the defendant, the learned Judge having refused tbe motion for a nonsuit made the previous day by the defendant's counsel, The defendant's case was not concluded when the Court adjourned till noxt Monday. Semi suggestion was made at fint tbat the eonr1 should Bit to-day ; but as it appeared then was no prospect of the eaee being finished by one o'olock, to which time hie Honour would, have eat, it waa deoided it would be bett« to adjeurn till the following Monday. WESLEX CHURCH LITERARY SOCIÍTT. The usual weekly meeting of tho Wesley Churoh Literary Society was held list night in Wesley Hall. The president (Mr. J. S. Battye) occupied the chair, and there were abont 85 membars present. The evening Was devoted to the reading of two papers, (Ute first by Mr. J. Williams, oa hie trip from the Eastern colonies, and the second by Mr. .eorge Wright, who gave an exhaustive l»apor dealing w>th certa-u queries with regard to Federation. A warm disonssion Queued, with which the evening wa» brought to a close. Next Friday evening being the Mumoncemont of tho new Besaion, a social Will be held io Wesley Hall, and it is hoped that a large attendance will be present. THE MONTH'S REVENUE.-Details of the \- »venue for the month of July will not be available till to-day. The Treasury is, however, in a position to eive the approxi- mate receipts as .£180.869 16s. 6d. The revenue for the corresponding month of 1895 was .£88,340 13s. lid., BO that ' this mouth's returns show au increase of ill per eent. As compared with June, when the revenue reached ¿257,327 15'. 9d., there j ia an apparent deoline, bat in explanation it I has to be stated that that month'« receipts J Somprieed the revenue colltotod from May 16 till Jone 30 inclusivo. Tho returns usually extend to tba 25th of tbe month, but last month being the last of toe financial year the usual period was extended to the end of the month to take in all the revenue lolleoted during tho year. For tbe eo-ne reason the month of July has been a ehort one, inasmuch as it has extended only from July 1 to July 25th inclusive. Yesterday £8,123 was oelleeted. ROTA- ÀORICUXTUBAL SOCIETY.-At the .asnal monthly meeting of the Royal Agri mltnral Society, held on Thursday afternoon, U was decided to held the annual chow on Tuesday and Wednesday, Oetober 20 and 21, »nd not on Wednesday and Thursday, Ootoher 21 and 22, as staved by a contem- porary. The Waterloo Farmers' Protection Association wrote asking the eooiety to arge upon the Bureau of Agrioultnra the desirableness of again approaching the Government with reference to stopping tbe export of guano from tho Abrolhos Islande. It waa determined by the soeiety to support the request. The following motion was also \- agreed to: " That the grounds of tho Royal Agricultural Society be placed undar the management of a Bub-eemmittee, consisting , jf Messrs. D. W. Harwood, James Morrison, . and tbe secretary (Mr. L. Lindley -.Co wen), for the purpose of bringing in an income to the .society by letting it for amusements, etc." A THREATENED STRIKE.-The movement initiated by the carpenters' trade in the oity and Fremantle to secure aa inorease of wages from 10s. to Ile. per day, and the abservnnoe by employers of certain trade jutes adopted by tbe men at a recent meet- ing, was advanced a definite s tog?'last night. At a mooting of carpenter« held at the Mechanics' Institute, at whieh about 290 were present, the oommittee appointed at the former mooting reported having boen un ?uooessful in their efforts to induce the em- ployers to meettbem ia conference. They recommended that those present should ipledge themselves individually to interview she» employers and ascertain their willing- ness or otherwise to observe tba conditions whieh would ¡celada granting the inorease of Wages, and that in the event of a negative Teply the men affected should oease work ¿ram to-day. The suggestion was accepted hy the meeting, and it was deoided that a Jteeting of carpenters should be held on the {¡aplanada this afternoon at half-past 3, at .hioh carpenters should report the position laken up by their employers on the question. \- THE INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAPH LINE. The work of constructing the additional tele- graph line to Eucla is (remarks the Adolaide Advertiser, al July 22) in full swing and con- siderable progress has been made. The first BO miles to the weat of Port Augusta have Been completed, but there is then a gap of »bout 55 miles, the delay having boen oeea. ¡tioned through the non-delivery of the wooden moles by tho coatraotor. Contracts have ihean 1st for the distribution of the iroa poles from Streaky Bay to the 100-mile post west ef Port Augusta, where the wooden posts mase, and tbey are now being earW. From > jïiagatafi* Landing at Streaky Bay to Fowlor'a ¡¡key and then to Eucla a second wire is te be paid, and the number of poets to the mile jaereaaed from 16 to 20. This work has been ¿tone from tho first point to within 35 miles ?pf Fowler's Bay. Contracts have alco boen Jet for shipping the remainder of the poles, wires, and other material required between fTewler's Bay and Eucla, and tenders will be la on Monday next for carting and distribut- ing the material along the line. The Post- master General hopes to bave the whole work '?»empleted by the end of the present year. WINDOWS OB NO WINDOWS.-There is an »Id story, whiah moat have read in their School days, bow two knights, viowing a certain shield which stood iu the roadway frem two different points of view, maintained, the one that it waa gold, and the other that Ht was a silver shield. Somewbat of tbe lame kind of thing baa been going on in the Supreme Court this week daring the bearing mt tbe caee of Randell and others v. the Commissioner of Railways. Tais cass, as oor feeders are aware, has ariesn out of the fire Whioh ocourred at the transit shed in Fre- mantle last October, and the question has been asked of several witnesses whether there were any windows in the eastern side ni the building. One witness will state there Were, and perhaps the next will just as gravely essert there were not, and so it joes on through the chapter, and it is evident lhat each is firmly oonvinoed of the accuracy sf his assertions, as he is ready with the Masons wbish load bim to state that snob Was or was not the ease. Aa it was said just lew, this might be taken as a modern rea lering ef the old Btory of the knights ead the ¿nield. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE CITY WATER WORKS.-No further action 1 : lyet been jaksn in the matter of the proposed pur »base by tbe Government of the city water- works, the Mayor'e letter to the Premier Bnaoaneiag the willingness of the coancil to rtelinqaieh its rights in the matter ia view of Jhe Government proposals net having yet some before the Government offieially. The fiovernment has not yet formulated aay areeise seheme for dealing with the matter, .at it is understood that the special Bill Irhioh will be introduced in due eourse will propose tim* the board of eontrel shall be lonstitnterÄ emewhat after tho model of the lydoey Mwropolitan Water and Sewerage píoard. <TI>1 board referred to has as presi- dent the engineer-in-ohief of harbours and ?ivers, and its members iaolude representa Uves of the oity council and suburbs supplied with water. The board of course would not fee required to pay the excess revenue after ¡providing for interest, »inking fund, and working exponaos to the general revenue of the colony, bnt it would be applied to the (ednetion of the water rates or to giving further faeilitiee to the citizens in regard to tte supply of water. To Al-c_ HEAT.-Just before the rieing «if tb B^preme Court, yesterday, Mr. Parker, IJ.C., al; the request of the representatives of the Press, drew the attention of the pre Éding jndge, Mr. JuBtioe Htmsman, to the oonvenienoe they anffered owing to tha proximity of the fire which is kept burning lhere all day. The Press table is elose to Iba side of the fire, and, »a ia order to im- part to the Comt even the semblance of warmth it ia neoeeeary to keep a hu»e Mazing fire all day, the discomfort felt fry the reporters is intense. Upon the matter ¡Veing btongbt to his notice, the learned Judge otdered that a Boreen should be pro. Cured before the Court met again. His gonour pointed out that while some felt tbe at too much, he, seated on the Bench, as a rale felt the draughts and cold very mueh ; >ut, he philosophically added, he supposed Ihey would have to make the best of the teaommedation that was provided for them by the country. It may be added that in the larger of the two courts the same iaeenveni Once, owing to the proximity ef the stove, is ¿elt by tbe newspaper reporters. Represen- tations were made to the Master of the (Supreme Conrt, and ha at once aent in an arder to the Works Department to provide a Doreen. This was several months ago, but apon tbe ooeasion of the Foil Conrt Bitting jaat week the screen had net been provided Jpy the Department. T.M.CA. LITERART SeciETy.-At the »eekly aceting of the T.M.C.A. Litersry flociety last evening, Mr. Walter Davidson, af Sydney, gave a recital from Diokena' »Christmas Carol." The piece chosen was ifaat exquisitely-told tala of the conversion Sfthe hard-hearted, equally hard-faeed old ^DBSC woridline," Seroage, entitled O PMarley'e Ghost." The reciter ie au elo- el l^ienUt Of io im calibre, A*«, weat ti bi through his difficult task most creditably. Ho was listened to by the large audience t (tío large for the hall in which the raoital tons' pl->ee) with the keenest attention. In the portrayal of the fe-.ti ve Bcenes to which Serouge waB introduced, muan against his will, by his spirit guides in their various wa ks abroad Mr. Davidson waa eepeeially good, and received loud applause from his learers. The puthetic portions of the reoital wore artistically and sympathetically ren- dered, showing that thr elocutionist brought to his work a Ira« appreciative spirit of "the master w*io had writ of Little Nell." I Between the fir,t and second parts Herr 1 Francik gave a brilliant selection on tho violin, with a pianiforte aocompanimeut. A vote of thank« was unanimously accorded Mr. Davidson and those who had contributed to the entertainment of. the evening at the olese of the meeting. THE OTSTER-SHBLL BARK LOUSE. -In another ooiuan is published the report of the entomologist to the Bureau of Agriculture, Mr. Arthur M. Lia, on ths reported outbreak of codlin moth in the orcbariia around Mount Barker, near Alb"ny. It appears from the remarks of Mr. Lea that there is no founda- tion whatever for the alarming rumour; but in his search for the oodlin moth the auto, mologist has discovered the existesce of ansthtr peet, which, although not so destine tire nor hard to eradicate, is «ne muchf eirad by tea apple-grswars of other countries. The following desoript-'oa of the nest is given in Satmders' work en'itled,!Iasicta Injurieun to Fruits " :-"líytüaepis pomorum, Binohé, or oyster-shell bark-lcuse, is t very do*trao tive and pemieious inseot wWoh prsvail* throughout the northern Uaited State* and Canada and it soma of the southern States also. It was introduced from England more than eighty years age. It appears is the form of minute scales, aboat ooa-aixtb of an inch long, of a brownish or greyish colour, closely resembling that of the bark of the tree, and somewhat like the shell of an ojBter in shape, adhering to tho snrfaee of the b»rk and placed irregularly, most of them lengthwise, on the limb or twig, with the smaller end upwards. In some inttanees the branches of the apple trsea may bs foand literally coverod ona crowded with these seules, and where tbns BO prevalent they seriously impair the health and vigour of the tres and sometimos canse its death." AN AFFRAY WITH THE POLICE.-A party of four, consisting ot James Chute, Charle8 H. Neilson, Mabel Williams, and Alice Chute, went down to Fremantle from Perth on Thursday afternoon, and pro- ceeded to maka high haliday in the town. Stimulated with a little liquor, they got vary merry towards eight o'clock, and baoame rathe; abusive in their language as they strolled about the town. Chute being the worst offonder in this res- pect, Constable MoTavish thought it advis- able to plaoa him under arrest. The task was not an easy one, for Chute resisted, and whilst MaTavish was endeavouring te hand- cuff him, Neilson ruBhed out from the crowd which had gathered round, and dealt the constable two severe blows en the head with his fist. MoTavish waa rendered insensible for a fiiw minutsB, but fortunately Constable Vaughan appeared on the scene just then, and with the assistance of a civilian named GeorgeOakeSjthepairweretakeninto custody. Whilst all this was going on the two females kept up a running fire of abnse at the police, making use of most filthy language. They were also arrested after much scuffling, one of tbo girls breaking her umbrella in striking Oakes. The loue prisonera were brought before Mr. Fairbairn at the Fremantle polioe court yesterday morning, when Chute was fined £5 for usiKg obscene language and resisting the poiio?, Neilson was sentenced to three mon tua' imprisonment for assaulting Constable MoTavish, and the two females were each fined 46s. and costs for making use of indecent language. THE 'BLOCK AT FREMANTLE.-A apeoial meeting of the Fremantlo branch of tho Steamship Owsera' Association waa hold yesterday afternoon at tiie offices of Messrs. Howard Smith & Sous, to consider the letter received from the Commissioner of Railways relative to the arrangements being made by the Railway Department to relieve the ship- ping diffioultios at the port. Mr. Le Conteur (A.U.S.N. Company) occupied the chair, and Messrs. D. Moxon (Adelaide Steamship Com- pany), C. M. Newman (Howard Smith and Sons), A. F. Durlacher (Dalgety and Co.), and St. John Matthews (J. Bell & Co.), the Secretary, Mr. F. Cowan (Mcilwraith, McEacharn and Co.), were present. After much disensaien it waa resolvod that the secretary write to Mr. Pieuse, thanking him far bia promised help to relieve the difficulty by supplying cranes at the shore end of the main jetty and on the little jetty, but at the same timo pointing out that although the proposed arrange- ments might afford partial relief the diffi- culty in regard to scarcity of truokB, inadé- quate berthing accommodation, and lack of storage space would in no way ba overcome. 1 On the proposition of Mr. Newman, esconded by Mr. Matthews, it waa also resolved that a letter be forwarded to the Preaideat of the Fremantle Chamber of Commerce, placing before him the partioulara of the enarmona quantity *f cargo due to arrive within the next three weeks, and drawing attention io ihe inability of the port to cope with the difficulty, end tbat he be requested to take steps to oall a meeting of the Chamber at an early date to discuss the situation. 