\- li. MYSTEZRIOUS HOUSE. The detective lhd dropped the paper telling how' Salvatorn Cnva.iore, the Long Branch Italian, tunto hie dwelling a atorehouae of plunder. " vel?y house holds its mnystery," he began tittly. a Than he told the story of a house, he would not specity particularly. - " "I wee detailed to watclh it," ho" went on, " because there wao sometbing odd about its tenant. v A monet respectable house in a most respectable neighboulrhood, it had been sublet to one William mith, a emaill dark man with a foreignl accent. i?.,.. ,n, " 11n had paid six monthe roent in advance, in lhen of reference, and a thIe dull uamiuer neeeon wao coming on the agent had not quibbled over thin alight violation of his rule requiring references. Whence be came,'what hie trade, no one could say, The rent- was paid in gold. • " After Mr. Smith had mored ti-ho rented furntshod-the strange - proceedings began which attracted the neighboura' attention. .lut alter sundown meflird men began to appear at the door, which would open, reveal lag the dimly lit hall. The visitor crntecd. Now the peculiar feature of the ease was that on one over came out, while Mr. Smith existed apParen iy- iu rpvena of m se uIuraOir nun tbker. If you rang, the manservant simply told you that Lus matter was not in., But other persono evidently found him in. Three or four persons parsed that thre.hold daily. novaer to reappear over it. Of course th neighbourinog eervasts whispered nmauvrlluus tales of ghosts. Ifyu went and scannod tbe faces of those who ensecwed,you found them to be apparently gentle men, with thin intellectual faces. f " Going up the steps tse visitor would peer about as if fearing observation. One of the donble bhall d3ors stood closed. While he waited he invariably stepped behind this screen until the other door was opened. Then it abshut on him. You might wait all night and the next day, as I have done but tbo visitor never re. .appeared.. The house, heavily shuttered, presented an impassive front to the street that told notbing of its mystery. it " Naturally, I had theories of murder or other crime being committed there. But th?ew.wero no reports of missing men and news paper personals gave no clue. Nor did we iavo any complalnte or other evidence justifying a raid. lFinally I decided to take the matter into my own hands. I did this by boldly going up thkasteps a third time-1 had been told twice by theatran;e serrant that Mr. Smith was out. On this occasion I followed cltsely on the heels of one of the visitor;, who probably was destined never to appear agaio. I rang, and after a few minutes the door was opened. The same servant. stood there. ieo was black, ;with the regular. fatres belonging to East !Indians or North Africans.' If you ever ventoro as far east as Constantinople, you may see men of his type in tho cosniopolhtau street throng. The peculiarity of this man was his shining Iblack eyes that looked mn through and through, He was in the regulation black coat and white cravat of the house lackey." ' a *; " Mr. Smith " P' ,See, s no one," bo began in a slightly (foreign accent.' A heavily-vhaded lamp threw a subdued light on the stairway. v.. S, utL sonme olln entrcl 'a hall mlnute Ibefore me," I tIxau. On the other occuasons I lad asked who thism mytenoul imith who can. realeit an lntert?ting lcrllality very cunningly ,under that mosl iomuiriaplacr usme might tie, Swhat his occupation, whvnce he came. On both occasions the door had dlammed in my lace. " This time I took the precaution to put my :foot over the. ,ill' in such a way thatithe door cool.danot close. T'.he.man attempted it. I satplpd inside. The door swung into its place with a little metallic click. SI facierl.ththlilack eyes snapped angrily, but the man motioned aec civilly into ou adjoin. ig roomn. 'This was an ordTinry apartment furnishbed n the way of iouotoonhousves that are atibLt. where then brica-bra ani cosntitals giving ripreaia? u bhae hbea removedi . A lamp .withi a rd -aha l t Lthe place. ** Wlat. I waill ºr,' soad tlthe lot . a " "' rto.,utly lse rtllrnell, tIIsi Lime erarltg a alerw tray, on wlich were a ruriloulisl.cared ilver decanter and comne gal?aNwl'th a plate of blsrulsL. 'Lhe mall lomade a sortl n oleiaance ,that had in it iinturhing onietatl, as it be lha steppesd out of one of thu stories dealing with thatCaliph Ilarol n at Itaschid. W- ' ?W lle you wait, won't you have come refroahment i " F. *l ia ace?ets were so luare that. forgetting any suispicion, I clad not stay his band whbllin he poawlll some hliquid Ikif claret into one of thI long decantetl? .liflng it to my lips I fountd it swas a curlllttalsting lierrlage. eir a Illllmu nt I thought it was mullt ii tire. 'Thetl Ith black reaneurr appeares to be dUacilu before my eyes, and I lott nronscaousnce. I " When I awnke, I was on tho caurch ii the same room Th a littp was stit ,lurning. I ris,?d miynel up. nat head arhod terribly. On a chair tear rer sal a hittle mon? y grlninitg aliit chattering. I.Atartledl mre at firt, ,lit ia oy) trale one crave to bhe afrlds. becsuse Lauk of everytbhng, hi?wlsarr m)rlsterius, we are acus tamed Lint hluman 'lnlil?j4. " I rose, threw back the hlluttera, adll day light poured into Illn rmtn. I had Iern thlere aill nighit. No one slsrr'id iIcept the poor little beast ol a gitbl?riln alt. I nmade my way to Ithe outasidt dsior. At ring io one, and ran stnn the ltp into ithe tr-I, theIr Iltnhkey tlllowiug. " tI rtllturltl with ti ill. h,' l lcali on the Leat. We sarc.d ti'e iLous higih and lw?. 'lthere was tin enatstluse of sc.sup.io'y lbeysnd that of the little aspe. Nis trsols or clthing or foss or even the stsl5 r sissaiter In I s i nicth t had .drunk, Al?flt ste a pt Ias a liriosi carved little aills r s'll.ill with i solll odd cahalI isltic id re. At till I an' I1 I pork they told me that he wi' of ass Itsnsi seci'es. " During all ni r.,t hit nlsupl ti, aihat had t.' come of thin 'dr5u %i . :s nilth anissi iI visitors i if c, 0r5' issuer Cs "n sctir beard of again. 'lTbe h se As Ja.l" i i i ,llllnlr dwr i llss' ,ing i on an onrilari y i ie lsll t ? s.r file itc n ill 'has an e nrllliuis'Lt' s re O a t Ilnellll ctabl mystery. 