g f e m e o i Htett>js. A .BRIGIND OP TO-DAT."—This is the title of our tale to-day. It is one of thrilling, interest] % Frank -Barrett. " A Brigand-of-To-day,, ? --is=a-copyright-:, tale,: the rights of publication having been arranged with-Messrs.' .GasseU and- Go.vi London and -Melbourne; ' We.trust ithat our, readers will be-pleased:>vitli-our :enterpnse.m;purchasing a series of good standard tales by ^tip-top authors. iwii'^Oivi;; ••Kii-j'-v';-^. AMALOAMATION OF ESSENDON GouWr cil OrriCES. -^-The resurrected motion to, effect amalgamation-came on at the • meeting of the council last Monday evening. After; a long andidisagreeable debate^, lasting.untiU midnight, it resulted in a case of..'' as you were." The air, to-quote avgood old :news-- paper phrase, was " electrical" before even; the harmless and -necessary- ordinary busioess had- been disposed of. Cr. Jordan -having a brief., com^ersation.. with the: "Mayor at tlie dai's, Cr. Eraser asked sarcasti- . cally : -hadn'ttbey better adjouni once. more, if only, for - five--minutes ? On the. principal dish of the intellectual banquet being put on the table, there was a rumpus over the Mayor-providing an-amendment as a sort; of entree. It was soon seen that personal , feeling was going to run high, ana one climax was -reached when Gr:- Eraser forgot himself so;far;as to call-the Mayor the blunt epithet implying unveracity. : If Cr. Eraser's head ran away- with himi however,- his heart ap- 'peared in the right-place, as he ,-ivithdrew :tlie expression :with>.signs of:- considerable emotion: Gr. Cowan, looking straight, in front with his :dreamy eye, like Macbeth .at the banquet, saw a.ghost. It was the ghost of a future, not a past Town Clerk. It looked, • he said, as if the effort was to make a billet for someone. That, he explaiued, was not his-assertion; but lt n'as nfe out- -niclo - VVlion,nir,.do. .i.o,]nm.ho.lKi.(l.ti]-.-1c'la.ii-i-ic('i i lost, -tahleau' number two -came on; . In a -heated;.attack on the Town Clerk, Cr.'Jordan : ; accused,that, officer, of running to town-! to ! consult.an ex-councillor.: On this the Town Clerk wished to have his say,/but the speaker: declined to allow him to make a speech to influence-'the voting. Cr. .Jordan's ideas of procedure may;.,be right,-T'butj as between- man and . man,- the public might wisbto^know the .exact: time -one'man is- t-o sit passive while another pours dirty water over lnm: u He reiterated.his assertion; On this the Town Clerk took a baud, which he did-by characterising; the: charge: as a " deliberate: lie." - - -On; this Cr. , Jordan threatened -*' arguments stronger - than words," whatever that implies. The disputants glared at each;other, still maintain^ ing the perpendicular, position, and. the. " thunder in the air " seemed to threaten a very violent storm indeed. Thenthemotion was put, amid some disorder, and shared the fate of the amendment, , the effect being that indicated' above. - Next. the imeeting broke up .in confusion at midnight, all tliose in enforced attendance, at least those not in the, bill, being heartily sick and weary of the whole affair. As a varietyf the next thing, say in August, to engage- attention may be the question of considering the actions: of some councillors by the pubhe. One, who: in defeat follows up his .arguments, with the threat of 'bringing to bear " arguments stronger than words;" is hardly a calm judge of the conduct-and capabilities of othersofficers or otherwise. iNoT UP TO TIME.—We have frequently with patient weariness, objected to being kept wearing holes m the linoleum of the Essendon Town Hall corridors, waiting for meetings to start. Last-Monday night Cr. .]?raser came over to our sideband at the commencement of the proeeedmgs .asked the Mayor why, they (that we hope also means •••'•' lis") should be kept waiting until eight o'clock-, -when the meeting was called for. seven? Was itto oblige a lot of numbskulls hovering around the throne ? Cr. Young rose; to a point of order. The Mayor :" Proceed with the minutes, please;" We do not nnder-: stand the reference to numbskulls, - and have ever.y :reverence for the throne ; but must thank Cr. Fraser for his kindly sympathy in pitying the sorrows of -a poor old scribe; whose tottering steps have led him: to the Council door. .-•-.- :r -- -,. " ESQ."—Oncc more we must ask contributors to.refrain from using the word ;' ' Esq." whehj saying; that any- particulnr m- dividual presided. It is nothing short of sickening fulsome flattery for it to appear ::in a self-i-fHpf:cting -paj)i:r- that J3!anlvci.yrBI^TEJTEsjf.^.presided. -We wish it to be that' we-^decline to have such toadyism foisted upon us, or in turn to foist.it upon the public. It is. a very different thmg-ad? dressing a letter to the abovementioncd Blsinkety JJlank,. Esq.,. but to " Esq." him , in- print is licfcspittlmg that we cannot un- .dertake. The proper usage is • " Mr Blanlfety Blank presided:" : Will contnlju tors of meeting reports please tuko note '; ESSI5SDON Musiq STJJDKKTS.—The ,.Musical Society of Victoria: held; their :half- -.yearly exam,, on Saturday^-April: 25:;'The society has altered .its' dates. to:-ApnI and ; October, in order that.students:ii)ay not find their, musical work clashing witii • njatne. exams.. A large number of. candidates: preV • sented thenjselves, the ma^or portionof whon; were successful, in obtaining the [Society's certificates' and diplon>as.Amongst - the latter we notice the name of Miss-Bashing; iJxmi wlio is well-known/in-njusical circles in, ;our district... .Miss Washington secured 1 -the Society'ssecond classdiploma for. pianoforte, \- obtaining al^o-a eredit'pass-ins harjnony aiid- -theory. The young lady is a pupil of Mr. E.?4-;:iTager;:'.:-Mi^s A^asbington and another: -harmony-pupil of Mr.: Jager's were tlfe qnly. candidates-'.who-gamed- the n}ueh>coveted; diploma degree. : GU'OUAI. SBIIVICE. —The monthly -choral service of the Ascot Vale Presbyterian -Cliureh. was held >on> Sunday- -evening -last.; • The service comprised a solo - and double ,quartettej''Jerusalemmyhappy-home," -:from:Taylor , sofatorio/.St. Jolin'the Baptist;,• Solo, '^rlt.is enough,and".t^io, " Lift thine' eyes;" from MendeIssohn?s-Elijah ;;, -Cantate : Bommo ^Sutton^and- Qnartette, "'God-is a Spirit" (Bennett). Miss Alice Layton sang the solo ill- the first of -tlie- alfoveTmentioned: :-.numbers ;:very- tastefully, '.and throughoat the service;-=which made-greatdemands upon . her;; this ,'lady acquitted :herself- withanarked ::success;,'. :,;The: double 'quartette,^which "was 1 decidedly .effectLve,. wasjrenderedbyMisses Lay ton, -Fergusson,- Loftas - and ITJenimg,-- and -Messr:;. Paterson, Marrisaa, Lightfoot 'andeBm^ham.- rf^Jt -is enough,":jwas:splen- ; djdlyigiven by M'r;-. T.: Lightfoofc, and'equal rp"raise>isixlue to-blissesSLay^^ton; -Fergussori;' andvLoftui for- a very perfect" rendering,of; 'the trio, '^Lift thine eyes " > Mr.- -Gv Sutton's anQiem, " Cantate Domino" wa,s'- heard for'the first'tinje.at these.servieesi'and, tbe.chorr lijaybe cordially coigplimented on :;a-ireally excellent- -rendering.v-'The, seryiees :-;.was-brought'-to-ta: close,by- Misses-Laytonvarfd: Notinan;-- and-r^essrs:;--!-aterson i an4- -Ligbfc foot giyingra iyery 1 :artistic'performance vof- Bennett'slovelyquartette; 'VGod-is 1 a'Spirit:"; aSpirit;' A crowded congregation testified to the e teem in which these choral ervice re i -id"" J- ~J-S IJTANEPABT D/IKIE Y TOBLIC; "HE^BTH;—Several pro ecution ^were M ti; tuted again t the keepers of jnsanitar i ii l LS ( n Mo in luilj i I i. L l d J olict Couit In luo t •>( in puli ul i he n\ line, wcie rnllicted bv ihc BCIKh n 1 I 1 lfciloflcc L hi 'lcirli' "iD tu lated for their teg rd to public health andvigilance m the matter" We would ecom mend our rendeire'to carefully peru e tlie other col with the details to reflect that there l no more acce sible means forUhe conse ance of disea e germltb n'the mill tuppi ^ e ^ awate^ thit TihelpubliS^is Btnwally dis po cd top-i io\ei wjihout protest A en Midi lai^iictnii utc<fnfiu n ho n o x " Jc * ST. PALL'S OHDRCH OOUOEHT — A very successful concert wasi held in the Masonic Hall; Maribyrnong-roaet;. Ascot Vale, on Monday evening, the proceeds of which are to be* devoted to the renovationof St;: Paul's Church.' There was a good attendance, and a couple of. pleasant hours were spent. The Cathedral Quartette Party appeared during the evening in part songs, and received the approbation of the audience in a marked- manner. Mr. Horace Stevens; as musical director, and Mrs. L. Walker and Miss Millie Chapman, as accompanists; were all that could^be desired The various items upon the programme; which was of a very musical and interesting description,; were alK creditablj'i..rendered; and' thoroughly appreciated by . the audience. The concert was in, every l-espect a pronounced, success;--;-We. are: reluctantly ..compelled; through pressure upon our space, to? condense: our --.comments upon > the: per ormers :and the concert generally. THE DIXBX, M'NRERAETS.^-These minstrels gave a successful 1 • performance in St.' Monica's schoolroom, on Monday evening, and were greeted by. a bumper house.. ..A programme of :an-interesting and. amusing,, description -was successfully- carried - out. .. A pecial item ,;of the performance jwasi the- Address, on. General -Topics ": by Mr. Jj;' -p ay, who talked upon several subjects in a- h eally.amusing and 'practical manner. Mr;„ p .^Thompsonvof--Clifton Hill, also. gave.a coiiple-of descriptive-.songs,'to the;- delight of the audience. Id essrs; Boots and McG lone; gave a double plantation song and .dance,, which : was -' highly : appreciated. McMahon' sisters, - two mere ^childreiiy ac-• quitted themselves- creditably in an exhibition of club swinging andfancy dancing and singing,- and Mr. :Ecebng.highly pleased the audience by his fine rendering of. the. motto song, "To Err is Human;" Pressure upon our space prevents us givmg a more detailed .report of the entertainment; " -Ai,."— Wf; have -been favoured with a copy of the " Young Ladies' Journal" for May; which contains . many colored- fashion plates, supplements,- patterns, etc., .also litis an immense amount of good literary matter of special-interest to ladies. . . . The ' FLEMINGTON A MARKET J'OWW;—We: would like to know the- opinion of the business people of Fleinington and Kensington upon Cr. Hart's motion to make the Borough- a market town. If ,we know the effect it will rum every: trader by flooding the place with- cheap, nasty rubbish. The mover probably has not considered- it'from this standpoint.- . . . . KICKED BY A UOBSE.—John Charles Kent, a lad. 16 years of- age, a resident of Bulla, -was admitted to-the ^Melbourne Hospital on Monday suffering from severe injuries; to. his:' thigh; caused; by being kicked-by a horse on the previous day. His injuries were attended to by Dr. Janet Greig, and lie is progressing as favorably as can be expected. STEALING FIREWOOD.—So great is the, need of mauy poor now that they are obliged 'to; "steal : their .firewood; " Vide Klemington Court report. , Empty houses, fencing, and other " small, deer" also gradually disappear as: firing for the poor" and needy. -..-.,. • : - MOONEE PONDS WARD -ELECTION.— A meeting of the friends, and supporters of Mr. John - J.: Rogers—for the purpose of forming a committee to support, his candidature for the extraordinary vacancy in the Essendon Council—is called by advertisement, to be held in' the committee room; Town Hall, at 8 o'clock this evening.: THE BRUNSWICK BRIDGE.—Once . again we have to complain of the neghgence of the Essendon Council- in not, lighting the lamp at the Brunswick bridge. The Brunswick Council always has the lamp on ;its',,side- lighted on'..dark nights. : Biit "as; .sure as a gun" Essendon ratepayers will have to pay damages to some luckless wight who happens to drive into the bridge railing through there being such a nasty turn at the bridge. • •" .'" T : ;• ELECTION MEETING;'—A meeting of the friends and supporters of Air. John Beale, one of the. candidates for the extra-' ordinary vacancy, in- the Essendon Gouucil, i is advertised to be held at the Town Hall • tins evening, to form a committee. SOCIAL.—The Ascot Vale People ! s •Association hold'.-.their monthly social -meeting-: and.. ladies' night: dt the . Ascot Vale Hall, Rnton-road, to- morrow evening, 8th FLBMINGTON-PttESIiYTKRIAX CnUKCli. —On Saturday afternoon next, Mr. Wm. Boyne is to lay the foundation stone of a new Sunday School building m connection with this Church. The ceremony will be • performed at 3-.o'clock;- . MDSicAL.EvENiNe.^The Flemi ngton branch of the- Australian Natives' Association bold a musical evening; m .the iNewmarket Hall, on the evening of -the. 13th inst.: Tins should be a veiy: pleasant aflair. •Mr. A'. L. -Gricliton is president; and' Mr; E. E. lioberts, secretary. JJANCING.—The Misses Kemp, f An^ eona, 'Ijviarsijall'street, AJoonee Ponds, an- 7 : Tiounce - classes- in- the Masonic: Hall ,- -on Saturday, afternoons, and: Wednesday, evenmgs af their-residence. , ;;.:; :• - A •• • -;. -. Ascor VALE ATHLETIC CLUB.—The secretary advertises that future gymnasticclasses will-be held in.Miss Butler's -school-. r fl 0I ?lj -'' ,f?Ienth9rj).e Collegp." New members are invited to join. - .- . . • - :; -. MR. SXVJTT'S CAJJNJDVRUPX.—Mr Swift publishes his-address to the ratepayers of Moonee;Ponds. Ward;in another column BEipVED.—E. W. Green aud Son, -watchmakers, notify the removalof their business to -four doors from railway station in Puckle-street, Moonee l'onds. . .-:•*- • : -- .. -TADGEET BROS. wilt sell by public auction on Thursday next, 14th May, at 71 Raleighstreet, Essendon, oppositeiGncket Ground, drawmg- roora suite, Brussels carpet, marble clock,'bedsteads; sideboard; dining table, etc; 