. jMg«- ?? i ? . 'WiLi-; RibE. . .What you.say,is quite, true, sir, that a man oughtn't Ui bo frightened at anything ; bat do .you know, l'vo got to thiuk tlmt ttio bravest niad of all 'Is the ono thatis fri[;htenr.il mid don't show it. You seo there ain't many men that uro what you'd call 11 bravo all round.' ?. ? ' I've seen a follow that would havo run any man through as soon as ho looked at~him, almost Jump oat of his skin when be trod upon alittle bit of a snake i . here's myself, for instanco., I'm a soldior, and an old one, too. I've got the Kandahar : medal, as you see, and ono or tiro other things ju, well ; and I think 1 may say, without brag Igirig, that I'm not moro given to bo.scared than |oth6r' folks. I Well, I uiysolf once got as bad a fright as ,evor any man got yet, and what's more, it .happened not ten miles . from whero we're standing now, and not . more'n six months ago. How was that ? says you. Well, that's just whit I'm a-going to tell you, Our old colonel— I won't speak ill of tho poor Old obap, for he died only t'other day— hut he was one that you'd got to be prooieus careful with, I bin tell you. Whatever ho had to do; he'd have it done his own way, or he'd send everything flying, and, like a good many officers wbo'vo been a long timo out bore, hu'ii gob Bo used to ordering tho; black fellows about, 'that jat.lasthegot to dp it with all that mo near jbitn, black or white. Col. Hedley liis name | was, but, from his slap-dash, way, wo used to call him ' Col. Headlong.' . Woll, sir, yon'vo been up the Bolan Pass, su of course you know that little branch line that they're making from Bibi to Fir Chowki, at the jinouth' of the pass, to help carry stores: and itroops up and down. Yes, to be sure, I jiemember, jou wero saying that, you'd been at the opening of a bri dgo on it just the other day. ! ; Well, before that bridge wii built, there was a sort of make-sbift across the channel of the river;'and as for tho line itself, though it wasn't regularly ' opened' (and isn't yet, for that matter) it could carry a train at a piuoh, all tbe ?lghtoen miles whenever there were a fow com panies of soldiers or a fow waggon-loads of stores that wanted to be sent along in a hurry. [, ; Now it happened by bad luck that when wo ieame doira from Quetia four months ago, with ,the old oolonel at our head, the engine driver on this Fir Chowki line' was a Frenchman, 'whoso name was Peter Tronchct. ' He was quite as high- hauiled a fellow in bis way as our colonel himself, and when he did i get iu a tantrum, cart ropes wouldn't hold him. (They sayhe'd lost his .lost, berth nil along of {wanting to fight a duel with the superinten dent ; but I don't know how that would have (been, though ifs just the sort of thing he would 'do, too. Well, of course, we all knew, though »e littlo ? dreamed . what was U- come, of it, that when two such peppery ones as.the colonel and this Frenchman met thero was bound to be a pretty good row, and so it turned out, Bure 'enough. When we got down to the railway at Fir Chowki, wtiero a special train' was waiting to takeus on to Bibi, the old colonel was as orosa as two sticks. ! He'd had a good, sharp twinge of £uut, for .one thing, and riding , over, that great plain |from the : mouth ;of the Pass to Fir Chowki didn't sweeten- his temper; much,, splashing (through rivers and stumbling among big stones every minute. Then, Hgain, the. engine-driver [had been out in the sun all morning, and you .know how ' snappish that makes a' man here. 'Bo, when Col. Hedley cams hblloring and bully-' ing along:and oommencod to rough him np, the . Frenchman faced about and answered him back quite saucily. r ' ? ? . .You .should .just have seen tho old colonel's face. - It turned as red.'ss his coat, and for a -'minute I almost thought,he'd got into a St. , Then ha' jumped forward and shook his list in ' the Frenchman's' byes and roared out : . ?'Hold your tonguo, you Impudent -log. or I'll put you under arrest I Go' to your work, will' you f And mind,- no nonsense about: ; couplings being, loose, and' wheels. Bhaky as an excuse; for stopping, half way* If you halt so much as half a second between this and Sibi l'ilt break every, bone in yoar dirty French skin I ' \- 1 'was standing olpso to tho colonel as he ' spoke, and 1 saw the' Frenohmau's face harden ' all at ohoe, like melted1 load when you throw it into cold ''water. Then he said, very quietly, butjuat/asif lie wis biting every word short off : ' Veree good, Monsieur le Colonel (.you Bhall be satisfied 1' j : And away he went to bis engine without another word. But there was the wiokodest look in his eye that I ever saw yet,' and it made mo feel qu. tr just for a moment, although 1 hadn't a ghost of an idea (as indeed how ohouM \- 1 P) what he was really up to. I Weil, sir, we all got and beguu to make oar ,| selvo. ..uug, expecting to be nearly a couple of j hours on the road, for it wasovereighteen miles I to Bibi, and the lino being ouly a makeshift one then, there, was a notice up forbidding any driver to run his train moro than leii miles au 'hour.' The train backed abit to got;a fair start, ? and away we weiit.. ' I don't think any of us. noticed anything out of, the way— I didn't, at nuy rate— for. tho first minute or two ; but all at ouce my rear-rank man, Bob Barton, sings out : ' ' Well, if this ain't more'n ten miles an boor, I'm a Dutchman I' He'd hardly spoken when the train gave a lurch that shook ub all together like apples in a bng, and then another toward tho other, side, . and then — talk of fling I Fling waB uothing to .it — 'twas more like being .fired out of a gun. The very air seemod to whiz past us, and all at . once we heard the Colonel yell out from , his windows ' Blaokon speed, you rascal I Do you want to kill us all P' Tho Freuohman answered only with: a horrid, : screamiug. laugh; and now we begun to. get scaruil in earnest, for we took , in the .whole i. thing for tbe, first; time,: , Thprq wo were, run ning, more than a mile a minute over an uusafe fine, with all our lives at the mercy of a maii who waB nearly as mad as ho coulil bo. Tho first bridge was already in sight, and tho fellows working' on it scattered every wuy when : they saw us coming, screeching like unythiug. ? flu heard thu bridge craok as we flow oyer it, and \- felt, it givo ; and how. wp ever escaped I oau't think yet. , '?Boys I' cried Bub Barton, springing up, ' I woii't sit still itnd let that lubber murder us all. It's iiis life or oiirs now. Hero goes I' ' He made for the door as he spoke, and would have been but upun Iho footboard in another moment, when we clutched him and dragged him baok; for with, the pace; we were going, and.the way. the train, rookud, it would have | been certain .death, to try it. ,Over,tl-e pecond bridgo we shot likp lightning .and weu( dying round thu last curve towards I Bibi. Just then I saw something that brought {my beart'into u-y mouth— li stono lyin^ on the Jllhe ahead 'of as, big enough to wreck the whole ? traih.i ? ' ' ? : Then I thought all was over. I just muttered if'.Qud have mercy on us!' and shut my eyes. |ButI opened 'em again next moment just in .time tofeq.tho stoue (tipped over, I fanoy, by j'thu shading , of ' the rails, which were rather 'loose at' the spot) roll oil just as wo came up to ? :'it. f!' Presently, after1 that -(whether it was a ' minute or an hour after, I could never tell) 1 .caught a glimse ot' a platform oovered with people shouting and running about ; and then nebvgaq to slacken speed, and at last , stopped altogether. Tlienl drown* long a breath as j if I'd Just' come up from the. bottom of the sea,: Wo'd tun half, a mile past Ihu Sibi station beforo wo could pull up, aud I hoard afterward that we did tho eighteen miles in ten miuutes. When the colonel got out it made mo fairly start to look at him, lie tottered so ho could hardly stand, and his faco was all drawn and pitched like tho faco of a corpso, I don't think it was altogether bis own danger that upset him so (although I'm sure it well might), but the. thought that one hasty word of his bad nearly cost the lives of all tho men under his . charge was enough to givo any man a turn. As for Master Frenchman, ho . got off and bolted the minute the train stopped. It was lucky for bim he di-1, for ho wouldn't havo been very safe among us just then ; and tho colonel, on coming to himself a bit, vowed to bang him if it cost him ten thousand rupees. liut it couldn't bo proved that ho meant to upset tho train (as I don't supposo he did, indeed), so that all they cuuld do was to givo him two months' imprisonment foroxceeding tbeflxed rate of speed. But, of course, ho had to leave the country, iand I wasn't sorry for one ; for, rather than bo on tho train with him again, I'd tramp all the way from horo to Cal cutta. ? ? 