THE HOLY SEE AND ANGLI CAN ORDERS. AUTHORIZED TEXT OP THE BULL The following is the authoriz'd tranclation of the Papal Boll od Anglican Ouder.* (' Apo toll* cro Carro'). It io entulec-, ' Latter Apostolic of his Holiness Lao XIII., by Divino Providence Pope, concerning Aoglioaa Order-!,' or,d is published in London by Buses and Oatco (Limited) : — LEO, BISHOP. Sbevant of the Servants op God. In Pebpetual Bmmembeance. Wfl- htva dodioated to tho wolfare of the noblo English natiou no smnll portion of the Apootolio cere and ehnrity bj wbiob, holpod by his Grace, W© endeavour to fulfil tho ciSeo and follow in tho footsteps of ' iho Groat Sbepbord of tho aheap,'* Oar Lird Jasus Canat. Tho LEfctor, which lust year vre s?nt to ' tho English seek ing tdo Kinp,dcm of Christ in the unity of the Faith,' in a opecia! witness of oar gcodwill towordo Ecglond. In it wo rseillod tho memory of tho ancient ar.ion o? he? people with Mother Church, and wo pfcropo to haaton the cloy of o hoppy reconciliation \yj siirrioG up Btaon'a hearts to offo? .dil:gsut pray.:? to God. And, again, more recently, when it qocuied good to 520 to troot more f ally tbn Unity of fc'to Ohopoh in a gonaral Letter, England had not tlie last place ia oar roiud, in tho hops that ouv Seeching might both strengthen Catholics and bring tho savins; light to those divided from as, It w ploDDing to acknowledge the generous uoy in which out zeal and ploinnRas o2 speech, jnopired by no more human motives, have mot ftfeo approve! ot the Engliah psople ; and tbia fteflfcifiae not looo to thek courtooy than to tho colicitcde o£ many fo? their etarnol o&l;'smtion, 1— EEA50NS FOE EE OPENING THE QUBSTfON. With tho aamo mind and intention we have nov7 defeE'mined to turn oar oonniderntinn to Q matter of ao less importance, which is plosely oonsoefced with fcho oumo nubject and with on? ^GoiroD. Fdi? an opinion already prevalent, con cerned mosrp than o?joe by tha (3°Uon ond cot otont pvaefcico of the Ohnrob, Maintained that xifoan in England, shortly after- ft was rent from tbo opntpfl of Conation unity, 8 ner? rite for oon ffomng Holy Os*deFo ^ao poblioly introduced jjoSop Edward VL, the true Sacrament of OffdoEO, noinotUmod by Ghviot, lspooc\ nnd with at tho hiororchieal succession. For qoqio time, hot7ovor, ond ia thosa last yeavs especiolly, d oODtroversy hao sprung up oa to whether tho Soorod Ordars eonforred ocoo'ding to theEi wosdino Ordinal poasasoed fcho nature and effect o£ Q ao.ornment : thooe in favou? of the absolute solidity, or of n doubtful validity, bains not only certain Anglican writorp, but oome fov7 Catholics, chiefly non-English. The conaidocation of the oscellaney of tha Chris'ian priesthood moved Angliacm Wfitets in tbia matter, da?iroun aa they . t7Ot'o that thai? or/n pnoplo should not lack tho ttyoffold pov?ov ovap the body of Christ. Catho Jio writers wore impollsd by a wish to smooth tho way for thii return ol An^lieang to holy anity. Both, indeed, thouRht that ia view of Qfcodiea brought op to the lecol of recent ro ooorob, and oi new doenmruta rosctsod from oblivioa, it wqo not ioopportuno tDro-osamioe tho qaoation by our authority. And we, not diore. RordinR oaob. doaireo ond opinioaB, and, nbova oil, oba^inpj Jho dictates of Ap~stolic cbcirity, bova conaidorcd that nothing should ba left un feriod that might in ODy woy tend to preoe:vo oools fi'om injafy or prooure thoir advahtnga. 2— PEE3CEIBED METHOD OF EXAMINATION. If hoe, thoreEoro, pleased ug£o grooioualy pep. snit tho cqugo to be ro- axamiued, so tint t'b rough the extreme care taken in the now a pminbtion oil doubt, or evan ohadov? of donb1, guou|d bo removed for the future. To fhia end V70 commissioned d oertsia numbar of men noted ^o? thoir laorninc and ability, whoos opinions in Ship matter were jkn'own to bd d'ivsrgent, to fltnfo |;ho gronnde of tboir jadgrnenta in wvitirsg. ^fe |;hon', hoyina BUtamonad them to ou? person, digoofcod 'them to intt'ircha'nKO WEitingo and fur thgt to invoeticjafis end dhcuss all thit wus no; g aojry ta a full knowlodfcoof tha tr-&t;:er. We wore careful also that tbey ohoald be fib:o'to HQoOXQtnino oil dooumonla baariog on thin qusF tipa which woro known to oxist in the V^rcan orch^vto, to a^aroh for mw own, and even to Jjqvo a^ thei? diB}]O?fil oil 'ao'ta rolatinn to this aab|5ot whio'o nro procot'vod' hy tho Hxly Of^o r~p % 38 }*- ioca'Jsd, th-s Supcorap Counci'— -'.na'to ejDS'.der wliit.-v.:j' had up to ih'in time bi'en »rl dao'sd bf 'learned raon ' on boh si-Ji s. VVe 'pr'dorad tlipji. when pr.-pr.voi io this w«y, to rnoet to.sp.har in tip^cial [oss\ ion. T iif so to tho aaaibar of twolv^i \yott h'clj mder the 'presi dency- of one of th/j Oif!!T\li of th? Holy Eoasaa O'-Hi?ohr appaintnd b/ o:j 'solves, Bi)d uli wore ? iuvliud to ftaa digjus-ion. Finftlly, we dteec ed ' tui-ifc tlie acti of th'aa muiticicfy, to f»of;bor c?ith oil oth«i* dosuta%nts, ab-jald b.i oab tittod t.a ouf if 'uarnblo brethrao, th& Cft'diaa.'a r tho.Qooao Council, sa'tbat whon «U h^d '.--tadi? d ihf) whole subject, nn^ discussai it in our pre oonog, each might give bis opinion. *fleb. xiii., 20, 3,-PEEVIOUS DECISIONS, JULIUS III. AND ' PAUIi IT. This ordor fo? discussing the matter having bsen determined uyoa, it «?a«i naessrry, with a view t) fo:raing an eatioiato of tbo real afc-ato of fhc qass'ion, to enfcor upon it afto? careful in qniiy a^ to how tho metier stood in foJation to tho preccription and aott'.ed custom of tho Apos tolic Ssf, the cr'jy'm and force of wbieh cu9tom ifc was undoubtedly of Rrsafc importunes to do torminc. For this TosBor, in the first place, the principal documents in wbich oar predooosso.ro, &t; tho i'eqaoQt of QaoeR Msary, oxevciGod their apecinl caro fop tha rrcrncilinfcion or tho Engligh Church v/ore considorod. Tbnn Jalius lit. o&nt; Cai-dioal B?gini?.ld Polo, p.n EnRliahman, and illustriono iv many wnya, to bo his Lsgato o l&u-.vo; for the puvpoie, ' !ia bin nu^el of poaco aad love,' onu gave him estrcoi'diunry aud unuecal raan datos, or facolfioo and divoctiona £o? his guidcinchj. Theso Paul IV. oonfirsaod and explained. And here, to interpret rightly tho foroo of those docu msnt?, it is nocssoiu-y to lay it down ss u Fonda' mental principle t!:a'; they wero ce?tGinly not intended to desl with an abstract; sfcsto of thineig, but with n apecifio uad concrsto is-iue. For sinco tbo faculties givca by these Pontiff.^ to tho Apostolic Lsfjats bed rafevonco to Eogland ouly, and to tho state of xcsliKion therein, ocd siDco the rules of sc'ioB wave ltiid down by thzm At tho requstt of the said Locate, thay could not hava bsBti raaro directions for detarmining the nocessury eenditieni foe ths validity of O'dina tions in geaarssl, Thoy tauot p o r t e i n diroctlv to paviding for Holy Orders in tho said kingdom, as tho recogoizod condilion oi: the circumntaDces find tinses demanded. This, besideo baing cloar from the B&fcu;?o and fofm of the said documents, is also obvious from tho fact that it would h&va; been altogether irrelevant to thug inateuefe the Lagafe, cua whose loavnin^ had been con spicuous in tho Counoil of Trent — oo to the eon ditionQ necessaFy for tie bos'.Qvyal of the Sacra ment of Orderp.. To all rightly estimat'iag thoso matters ifc will aot be difiionlt to understand why, in the lottoro ai Julius III., issued to tho Apoatolic Lagato on March 3, 155/Jj, there io a distinct montiop, Gffit jf those who 'rightly end lawfully prompted' might bo maintained in their Orderej nnd then 3f othero who, 'net promoted to Sacred Qrderp,' mifiht ' be promoted if they wove found to be worthy and fitting subject?.' For it is clearly and definitoly noted, aa indeed wos tho caso, that thoro were two clootos of men ; the first, those F7ho had really recoivad S&ere-d; Ordorp, either before the secession of Henry YIII.,or, ii after it ond by ministotsiafectod by qrros and schiara, itill according to tho aocuatomed Catholic pito ; ;ha sscond, those who wore initiated Qccordicg :o tho Edwardino Ordinal, who oa that accoum jould bs ' promoted,' aiaco they had received in ordination which was null. And that tho aind of tho Pope waa this nnd noihiog also is jloftrly confirmed by tho Latter ot tho said Legate (January 29, 1555), Eubdeleg&ting; bis !acnUiea to tho Bishop of Norwich. Moreover, ??hat the Lottera of Julius III. tbom9olvea say ibou'c frooly a&iag; the Pontifical faoultiaa, even n bohalf of thoso who had received their con sooi'atioa ' minna rito and aot according to tbo accustomed form of tho Church,' is io bi sspaoislly nofcod. By this sxprossioa tfaooa only soull ba meant who had baon conssoralod bc ;o?ding to tho Edwardino rito, oiuca bsfiidea it ind Uia Catholic foi'ra tbsie was then no other .u Ea/iland. Tbio bocomos svsa o till clar.ro? when wo ooa n'dor the legGtion which, oa tho advico of Cor linal Polo, tho sov«(Kjoifja prinsao—P/iilip and idiapy— eont; to tho Popo in Eonio in tho taoath if Feb?uaty, 1555. Tho Eoyal Ambafsadora — hrso men, 'raoui; illusb?ioai7 aud eadowed with ivory virtns,' of whom ono wan Tlioiass T'hi?lby , 3iehop of Ely — wero ahaygod to inform tho Popa nore fully so to tla» Foligicuo condition of tho lountry, and especially to bog that be wcnld atify und not) firm what tho Jjpijsso had beon at -aica to cEsci, towcrda the i-aooooiliatiou of the cin[{dom with the Church. For t hio purpoao all he neozGBary writ'en evidemo end the perti lent parto of the now O.'dinoi wotro submittad to he Popo, Tha Laflntion having been splendidly 5C8ivad and thui? evidence havicg baon ' di;i ;ently discusssd' by SiVoyd of tho C.irdine.le, ' after ninfufa doliboration' Panl J.y\ is'tmcl hin JuJI, '' Ptco.'lafa 'oQjritioima,' on Juuo 20th of hat oam& y'oar. In thifi, whilst giving full'force nd approbation to what Polo h'.»d done, it is n-dored in the mstta? of the Ordinations ns fol nw«: 'jThoss wlio bavo beon promoted to S-.fclosiastitJfil Orders by any ona biit o ^ishop j 'fiiidly and lawfully qifda^nuti ass bound to i -c.iyo liioaa tijrdei'n a^ain.' XJat who ihooa \ li^hopa not ''yaiidly und lev/fully oi'dainad' 7eye had boea' msde auflicinntly cloov by'tho oregjing documsh+s and tho faculties uaed in aid mattes1 by tho Legal o — those,' mimoly, who lavj boon promoiod to tbo Epiocopote, ao othoya o cthor O.dovo 'not according to th« qcouQ' drasd fo?m oi the Chu~eli,' or na the legato liraaeif v?roto to tho Bishop oi H'ovwjcbjV.'iho O.sn etc] ia(;onticja of ttie Ohurc'^'.1 not having ^9oo ob3evvod. 'Thope were certainly tlicaa komotcd tieoozdteK to' tho' now voi'm of site, to lia 'fl:cnminoii6n of whicE tho Cardinals Qpeci illy ddpcitsd had giVen thoir enroful attontion, STcsithov tihould the pooncgo much to ^lio poiai in ihe somo Pontifical Lottos1 bo1 ovesloolied \?hem, ogether with obhosB needing digponsatioq, qro )Damo?Qt^d tbose (t who had obtainod qb well orders as baneficas ' uullitor tt da faqfo'.' For to obtnin orders 'cn!li:or' aasaaa tho sreho a} by an act cnll and void, that is invalid, as tho voify masning ot tbo word cmd a& common pirlaaca n quire. Thia is capticieUy oiuar when tho word it usocil in tho same wzv about ordora kb about ' eoolttoiastical boccfiecs.' Those, by tho undoubted teachiB^ o«: Jhs oserod Citioao, wore clearly nail il giveu with any vitiating dafecf. Moreover, whon some doubted oq to v/ho, aaco/diug to tho mind of tho Pontiff, could ba esiitid rand eacsidorod Binhopo ' validly and lawfully o?do'ned,' tho said Popo ehoi'tly rat tor, oa Ootobo? 30tb, Issusd farthav Lottorain tho forces oi a Brio?, and said: ' Wo, wishing to reraovo tho doubt and to oppo?iu:ia]y provide 'io? tha pcaeo of eonscieace of ihisa who during tho sohisiaj wero ppemotod to Oi'dera, by es press!!)/? moro cioajly tha ssind and infootion which wo had in tho aforesaid LoUoyo, declare that only thoQo Biabops and Archbishops who were not ordfiiaod oad eonaecfatod in tho form of tho Church caanot bo oaid Io feavo been validly and lawfully ordained.' Unlosa this decki-ation had applied to tho aolunl case in Eogland, that io to say to the Eiw-i?diao Ordinal, tho Popo would certainly hsve doaa nclhiii^ by theae kat Lutors, for tha roEacval of doubS; and tba rosfcoraticB of paacooi conscionea. Poi'thor, it w&o; in thio Benoa thnt the Legate an dcrotood thii docanasnta and cotarnands of tho Apostolic Sae, aud duly and conaeient'ously fiboycd them ; gad the bbhjd wac dono by Qaoon Mary acd tbo pest v/ho helped to restore Ca tholicism to ita format skate. 4 —INVARIABLE PEACTICE OP THE HOtY SEE. The authority of Jalius III. and oi Paul IV., which we havo qnotod, clesrly shows the origin o? that p?actics which hna boon obsozved without int»yeuptioa foi1 mora then fchvoe een» turisn, that Ordinations eoufexrad Gecordiag to tha Edv/ardino rito shoold ba coasidaeod nail and void. This praotiea is fully proved by the nnni&Fous; c«aos of aboolufee re-ordiniifioa Dccord ing to the Catholic sito even in Eotaa. la the qbadjvuace of this piractieo vye hav© a pvoof directly Gffoetiog tho mstter in haad. Fo^ if by any ohanco doubt ohould semain oa to tha ks:u,0 Sfluso in which those PontiCJoal docuraentq oro to bo understood, tho pzinoiple holdo good 4hat ' Caatom io tho best intorpzotsr of law.'' Since in tho Church it ha? otoe beon d oonq'taqt and Botablifehed vulo that it is gacKilegiocs to rospoct ths- Saci-ameut oE Q^dor, ifc never could hovo come to paao that ^ho Apostolic See Bhoold have silently acquiooco:! and tolsi-atsd euoh q cugtom. But not only did the Apostolic Sao tolerate this practice, bat approved ond onncuonod it ss often as aay pBetiealar cssa arose which called foif its judgment in tho matte?. Wo adduce two footo of tbis kind oat of many which have from time to time bean submitted to iho Supremo Council of the Holy Offiuo. The first waa (in 1684) of a cs?toin Ffouefa Calviuist, and tho other (in 1704) of John Cloiaont Gordon ; both of whom bad Eocoivod their Ordora accoi'din^ to tho Ed wardino ritual. la the fire* caeo, aftoi' a oooroh ing iavaatigatiou, tho coiiaultors, aoi a fow in number, gavo in writing theii' aaswars— or, aa thoy coll it, thoir ' vota'— and tha rsafc unani iiioualy Bgireod with thoiE conclasion, ' fop tho invalidity of tho Ordination,' and only on ac count oli joesona o2 opportuneness did the Cardinals dsom it woll to anewoy by^dilato' [vis,, nof. to fortaulpJo tho eoacluaion at tha moiaont]. The samo doouirionta wore called into usa and considered again in tho esKHiinatian of tho Dccond cgqo, and additional written state raants of opinion wora also obtained horn cog nnltoro, and tho mast eminent Doctors of tho } Sorbonne and of Djuai \vc,?o liksv/ieo aslisd to? \l thai? opinion. No sofo^nasd wbioji wiarlova and \J. pfudonco could snfjRaoi; to anaayo ^ho thoi'oagh ' si£ dtip; of the qaoatio^ ^.&q; aogleqtedU l. Q - J-?fiCBB3 OS1 CIBMJBNT XI. AND ITS IMP0R» ( TANCK. t And here ifc is important to obsoEVO thafc dI- ( thcugh G-crdoo kioasialF, wqopo cbso it was, and sorao of tho cousultors hnd sdduood, amonp;9t tbo PB6 8313B which went to prjyo the validity, the Ordination of Pa kor, stccording to their own ' .does Bi^out it, in tlie dohve?y oi the decicioa :' tliia yeas'on wisti sllogiithcr fot aside, uadocn-inonta ' of ineo::t3fetablo authenticity prove, Nor, in i ! proncuncirg the decision, was weight givp,n to ' any otbdr iop.hou than tho ' defept tt form and ' intention' ; and in trdey that ihe ^uclgmtnt con- i : corning this foirq t^'iu^'t 'ho more ccyl∈ and ?] couiplote, piacauvion wco taken tbjifc a copy of \\] tho 'AnR;'ican O.'t'iaal sbouli ba sdmittid to '??? tX'.Eninatioa, an^ thai: with il chould bo collated i[ tha Ordination foi-rno gstWed toj^thae from ' taa vifions Eastefn aad WcaU-rn ri'ca. Then : Cl-amsnt XT. himself, with (ho uasbiraona vot* \\- o tie Cirdinfiis coJiccrnecl, 0:3 ths '.]?oria V.,'* i'1 aLpril 17, 1704, decreed: '-^ofea C;l,sboat Gor» ;; dco s s a 1 i bi drd-p?i-3 foots? 'tbo bt'ghmine; odc ! uocoiid^'.iciiftlly Sft mtl' the O.'dofs, even Ssored Q.dcrs, atd^ohiifly of priosl'Qood, and in c.-vso ha '? ?'fjTho term '!feria V.' here used has a technical value. Ordirjary meetings of the Supreme Council for the ratification of Decrees usually take place on ;? the Wednesdays, 'and are marked 'Feria IV.1' But i tti'e special and solemn sessions which, in rnattevs oi: i graver import, are held in the prescnop and under I the presidency of the Pope himself, who thus in a : special, way makeQ ^he decisions his own, take place ' on Thursdays, and are marked ' Feria V.'] Translators' Note. baa cot baea conSrmed ha shell first receive tho fiRoranacnt; of CorJifmaiioa.' It ia important to bonx1 ia mind th.'t thin jurlRment was in 120 was deforaitint'd by the osiasioa o? tho tradition of inew'unicnif), J'cr in Bach a c&bo;, RceordiaR to the eatiiblighiid cantos^, tha direction would hsvo boon to repeat tho o^dinnt'ion ooi^ditionolly ; and a till raoi'ffl important it is to noto that tho jadg SQj:Cfc of the PontifS oppli«a BaivHsreoliy to oil Anglican Ojdiantions, bacKUGe, although ifc jto. xoi's to a payticuiBF oabq, it is not baaed npon any I'oaHon Bpocisl to thv.t cess, bat UL'On the defect of form, which defect equally affects all thoae Ojrdinations ; go muck to, thtib whon eimilap casas sabBeqaoatly enmo up £os decision tho same daofoa o£ Clemont XL waa quo';ad as tho normn. G. — THE QUESTION ALEEADT DEFINITELY SETTLED. Hence it moot ba clear to everyone thot the oontroveroy lately rovived had bsan okeady da« finitely settled by tbo Apostolic Sao, and that it 13 to tho insufficient kaowlodp^Q of theno dooa* mentB that v?e mast attribute the fact that any Cethcl-.c wfifco? ohculd buvo coasidosed it still an open question. But. aa 7/0 stated at tho be ginning, there ia nothing we ao deoply ond ordectiy doBire an to ba able to help man of jocd will by showing thova fcho gfocatesfc con siderstion and charity. V/boroforo we ofdored that tha Anglican Ordinal, which ia tho esaen» tial point of the whole matter, ahould bs ones uacra mo&t; carefully examined, 7\. — THE ANGLICAN ORDINAL. In the examination ot cny rito foa1 fcho effect ing und odQ3itii3to2'iDgo£ a Ssorament, distinction ia rightly caado between tho part which ia cere mouiel and that which is esooutial, uauclly called the mDtteif and form. All know that the Saora Bionta of fcho Now Law, qb sensible nnd c^Qiom signu o£ in^iaible Rysoo, ought both to eigaiify tho grace which they eSaet^ and efiJacS ft ho graoa which thoy Eigni£y, Albhoi^gli tho aigai Section snRhfc to be found in tho whole oasentiol nfco— that is to say, in tho mattee and form — it still pcrtoing chiefly to the form, since tho matter \s the part not determined by itself, but. which ia 3ete mined by tho form. And thiQ appears atili raoro. clearly in tho SacrDcaent o£ Orders, the matter of whiph, ia bo Hop 00 wo have to con jidor it iy fchio oaQu, ia the imposition ok honda, which indeed by itoolf Dignities aothins defi* lite, and io equally uaed for several Ordora ind foe Confirmation. Bat the words which intil recently woro oommonly hold bj7 Auglj jans to conatifuts tho propee form of pvieotly 3:'dination— namely, 'Eaooitro iho Holy Grhoat,' jortoinly do not in tho least definitely ospresa %h& 3ati'ad O.'dop oi Priesthood, or its Rraoe and sows?, which io chiefly tbo povver ' of oonseopa it.g and of offering the Body end Blood oS the Cjoard ' (Council of Tront, Saso. XXIII., ' da 3nor. 0/d., Can 1) in ihest saoyifioe, which io 10 ' nudo coijaaiomorntiori o£ tho oncriQoo .fEared on tho Oops ' (-( Ibid/1 Soso. XXII., ' do Sacrif. Missm.' Can. 3). Thio form had ndeod aftoywarda added to it tho words 'foe ;ho office and work of a prioot,' etc. ; bnt this 'othop shows thai tho AnpilicsuQ tbomsolveo 3orceivcd that tho first form was defective and DGdcquate. But even il tbis addition could giva 0 Iho form its dua signification, it wdq intro, 3 need too late, as b csntai'y had alvscdy e)vYPM°^|' iiQoo tho adoption of tho Edwor^u ^rdina^ :or, as tho hierarchy bnd bcf-.a^a e^tiac.fc, tlaeija ?QjjQiiinod no por/or 0^ ^d.aining. In vein ftcm.. iolpb2QDS'oosntl|y iso^g'atj 2orjthp plaa oi thovaljii ty oi Qi'dwEii f 102x1 'Jfli'o othoff pi-ajqiro o£ tha sam.o Si'diaiil. 5'os1, to j3qt asid.0 otli^.r saasona whisj'^ ibow this to bo inoialSoisBi Jov 'cbe pappose It\ \h&t; ^ngii.oaa jjtSj le£ fthia' argument unflica fy% all ^ leom thorn baa boan dslibsratoly i?aaiQ#od w.hat.'. 3vo? seto forth tho dignity and office ojitiioptjjga^ Isood ia tho C^tholio vito. '§lxa.b fosm ?sjohsb- juontly eatinot bo coa&^dorad apt or aufficienS rox' the Sacia^eGt which omits what it ooghtj jaQKu: iollj io aigaify. Tha ubttio hoWs &ood; oE o^sqopol oonwona :ion. Fop tho formula ' \^^i'vo tbo Boly S-tiost,' not only wu-o tfo yfozdo ??' Joe fehoeffleo md work oi a tytfrwf &c;, added at a later period, but otyoa. th'oRo, aa v?o shall presently Btoto, sa^t b,o cndei'otood in a oonuo dift'atonfc to that which thoy bear hi tha Catholic site. Nor is anything Rained by quoting tho prayer of tho prefaca, «' Almighty God,' oince it in lifca mnianai1 has boon stripped of tho words tvhich denote tho nnBamaD^ BJcogJoiiuca. Ill is not hoio uolevant to oxosume whethsu th© Episcopate ba a completion of iao p^ioothood off m Osdoc diatinot, fsom ita or witafchae whoa b«3tov7t)d, f\$ they ciiy '? par unltuta,' on ones who ia uo(s a psiout, it has 0? ban not its effect. E^6 theSpipcoj-'ata audoubtodly, by the inotitn- ? tiou 01 C'lHio;-, iaoat tynly bolonga to tho Sacra jnont, ol Oi'desa and eaautiiafcoEj tho Gooordotiora la tho highest dogroe, nasaely, thai, which by tho touching oi tho Holy Eathos'B a»d oue liturgical, t-flofcoms io enilod tho ' immiaiUKa. aaooifdoticga, sacri luiniotocii Dumnio,13' So ii oomoo ^p poGD that, as tho Saoranjosst oG Orders qod, tho fc.no sajjoi'do'cinm ot: Chriot w.ojto. otfcouly sii/ainatod from tho Anglian jfito/( Qn& bpmB fcho 3aoe:.;dotia)ci ia in bo vibo vonjieixedi traiy cad Solidly m tho 35pioeopr.l conacoratioa of the aamo rit£-, for tho like voasou, thovofore-, tho Episoopato oan iu no vsi-jo bo tinly ond vclidly conforrod by it ; and this the more so because among the first datieB of tho Episcopate is that ol oEdoiDing miniateKa foe tba Holy t BaohBuiat and Sacrifice, c 8\. — IHE KIND AND AIM OP THOSE WHO COM- E POSED THE ANGLICAN OEDINAL. I Foe tho £nll cad accurate trndevafcoBding oi i Sha AngLioQa Ordinals besidoo wfacifc we have c noted as to somo o? its parts, thero ia nothing more poztinenfc then to consider easofullv tho - oisfcamstanceo undoe which it wag oompoosd and t publicly ontisoEiaod. It would bo tedious to [ enfcei? into details, hoi1 ia it necaaaapy So do go ( dq the hiatory of that tima ia onffioioatly oleqaoat ; do to the animus of tho authors of tho Ordinal \ BgainGi tho Catholic Church, ao to the abettors - whom thay nooociated witti theoaselvGo from \ 6ho heterodox gscti?, and 28 to fcha end thoy hnd i in view. Boing fully oogaizcsnfc of! tho necoasaiy i connection bstwoan faith and worship, bsfcwaon ? 'tho low oi bolioving and tho law oi prajiaft,' i uador a protest o£ yeto£'iia£ to tho primitive ; foioa, they corrupted tho liturgie&l; order in j many ways to anit tho errors oi tha Ecioriaesra. t Foe this roosonin tho whole Ordinal not only is - there no claae sieatioa of tho scorifies, o?. conge oration, o£ tho SBCocdotinm, and of tha po'ivor o£ , consecrating and oGeriag sacrifice, but, ca wo : jast otated, every trace of fchsoo things), which - hod boon in auch prayers o£ tho Catholic rite as j) they had not entirely rejected, waa dsliboratsly I , removed and atraok out. In this way tho | Ordinal clearly manifeefca itaeK. Honca, if | , vitiated io its origin, it wgq wholly iosaffieiont to confer ordouo, it wag irapoooiblo thai; in tho oonrao of time it coold become sufilciant iuhco no chonge hod takes place. In vein those who, Icons the time of CharlcD I., have attempted to bold some kind of Qfiorifics os? of priasthood, have made eoaio additiona to the Ordinal. In vam'alao baa been tho contention oc that email section o£ tho Anglican body foimad in recant times, that tho aaid Ordinal can ba understood and integpretod ia a soaad and orttiodos saoae. Such affortBj wo affirm, liiavo baen and evo me-. do in vsis, and t'oi1 this reaGOE, that on? word a hi the Anglican Ordinal, no it now is, which lend themsolvea to ambiguity, caanot bo iak-m in tho sama sonss as they poasosain the Catholic site. For once g now eito has boon initiated io which, B8 we have aaen, tha Sficcnment or Q?doro io adoltemtod or denied, and foouz which all idea o£ eonseoiration and sacrifice has been rojootod, tho formula 'Boeeive the Holy Ghost' do longer holds good ; boecraoa the Spirit io infused into the soul with tho gmoo of the Sacrament, and the woedo, ' for tho office and wosk of a prieot oe Biahop ' ond the like no longer hold good, but Eemnin as woi'ds without the Eenlity which Oheiot instituted. So7e?ol o£ tho move oheowd Aoglio&n; ioteif. pretoss o£ the Ordioal hove peeceiued tho force of thio ntsument, and fchey openly ui'go it agoinot those who take the Ordinal in a new seDoe and vainly ottaefa to the Orde^a confessed theeeby a value and efficacy which they do not posseaa. By thio aDmo apgument ia refuted the flontention. cf those who think that tha prayse 61 Almighty God, gives ol all good things,' Which is found ot the boginniag of the rituel action, might ouffiee ns a legitimots form of Orders* ofoq ia the hypotheoio ehofcifc might bo hold to be auffioient in d Ontaolic uito approved bj the Ohurch 9.— CATHOLIC DOCTBINE 01? INTENTION. With thia inherent «c defect of form' is joined the 'defect of intention,' which is equally es sential to the SaoBocaont. The Choroh dooa not indge obont the mind and intention inoofov as it is something by ifco nature internal ; bat insofac ds it io manifootod osternolly she is bound fco judge coneeEning it. When ciny ono has sightly and aeciously mode uae o£ the due form and tho matter rBqaisito foe effecting or conferring tho Saoromont he io conaiderod by the very foot to do what the Church does. On this principle Eesto the doctrine that q Saorn meat ia teuly confessed by tho miniotry of ono who io a hoeefcie os1 unboptizad, provided the Catholic rifco bo employ ad. On tba othsr hand, if tho right be changed, with the manifest inten« tion of introducing onotheE eifco not oppjovod by the Ohu?ch and oi rejecting whet tha Ghnzch does, and what by the institution o£ Cbifist boloogQ to the QBtoie of tho Sacrament, thon it ia clear that nob only is the nscosnar-; iritsnfcion wanting to the Siiojaciont, but fcbat tho inten tion is advesae to sad dest^uctiva cf the Slacks mont, t 10,— DECISION OS1 THE HOLY OFFICE AND POPE'S FINAL DECliEE. All these matters have bsen long and care Inlly oonsidered by onasnlvaa and by oav venerable brethren the Judges of tho Supreme Council o£ whom ifc baa ploasnd ca to call o special meeticg upon tho Foria V.- tho 16th day o£ July last, tjpon tho solemnity o! Our Lady o£ Mo'ant Oarsaol. I1 hay v/ifch oue uccord ageeod that tho qaosfciosa laid before thorn had boon already arljadioatad upon wiih full knowledge oi tho Apontolio Sse, and that thin xonewod diDoueaion nnd esamination o£ the issaos bad only sei'ved to bf-ing out more oloarly the wiadom end accuracy with which tbafi daci Bion hod been modo. JTevorfchalesa wo dosmod it well to postpone a deciaion in ordee to affovd time both to considos whothsu it would bs fit ting or eKpodient that we should raRko_ a frasb authocitative dscla^ation upon tho matteii^ and lo humbly pray foe a fallee rncaauiro of Divine guidance. Then, oonsidszinK that thin rantfcor of pwiotics, although already decided, had boon by ooetain persons, foe whatovcic zeoGons, Feealled into disomisDion, and that thonoo it might jcgIIow that b peniicious error would, bo JioettDi'od in tbeminda of mr.ny who anight suppose that they posaessed the Sacramont and efiEacta oE Ordara, where those sro nowiso to he ioun&t; it h&s; seemed good to ua in tho Loi'd to proaooaoe oar iudgraent. Wbqxeforef atsiotly adheKisjg is thia mm®t to ihe daoroea o£ tho Pontiffio, ous; psjodecoaaora, snd confirming thorn moot fully, and, no it woro, ?onowing thocs by oue aathority, o£ ous.' own aotion ond cortnin knowlodgo wo pronounce lad dacla^o fcbet ordinoticQQ oGfsiod oat nooord og lo the AnglioQc into hevo be^n, and osa, ibsolufcoly null and atiosly void. It E'cmaino fos.1 Tin to nay that evou as wo have sofcei'od upon the elucidation oil this grave qtJQQ* ;ioe in tho namo and ia tho lovo oE tho ' G-reci 3hophord,' in tho Same we nppcnl to thoso who ieairo end aeek with a oincoro hoort tho posses lion of a hiopareh? and of OrdoiB. Pothapp. autil now niming at tho Rroatoj? porfeotiou of Z!h?iaiiBn virtue, oud BoiiEching moyo davontly the Divine SesiptuTos, cmd redoubling tho for ?ou? of fchoii' praysyG, thoy have, aavorthelosf?, sesitntod ie doubt and aasiaty to follow the. yoico oi; Ohriat, which go long htia interiorly ad raoDiahofJ: them. JMow they nea cloBvly whetaoi He m His gaoanosE invites thorn end willo them to coma. In letuvninK to Hid 0739 ouly fold, uhey will obtain tho blcosingo which they oe:-k, 2nd the oonseqaant help to salvation of which Ho has rondo the Obairch .tho dispanser vsnd, us ifc were, tho constant; gaordian and pro motor oE His Eodemption amonget the nations. Then, indeed, 'thoy shall draw waters in joy from the fountoinQ of the Saviour.' Hia won dL'oas Saoramontg, w&eroby; His faithful soula bavo thijis oinG ti?tily pamitted, cad ore j?e stored to tho fnandatsip o£ God, c\ro notssished aod otironfjthaEied by tho Heavenly Braaci, and abound with tho most powerful ciids for their otarsin! snlvotion; May tho G-od of Peace, the G-od oE all conQolation, ia Hio infinite tendoz' nasa oarieh and fill with all theos blesGings those who truly yenm fo?.1 fefsom. We wish to direct our exhortation find ous desires in e 9p»ci&l; V!7Ciy to tJaoeo who are EaiaSatorn of j'oligion ia thois? EBopeotivo communities. Thej tbge iiaon who from tkioii1 vsjfj- effiuo tslr? pyecedenco in loaning and authority, and who have at hsKrt tho g/.o'?y of God and the ail vaiionai souls. Lst thsDi bo tho first in joyfullj sabraitting io tho Div'mo call, end oboy it en:) furnish a glorious example to others. Aasuradlj wi4h sa escaeding groot joy 'ibois1 Motha?, the Obui'ob, will waleomo thorn and will che?ieb vyith all hoc lovs and cere those whom the nti'OQgtb, o? tbeit1 gQaet?oos souls hoa amidst rancy toiola and difficoltioa lod back to hey boraom. Woe could words ospress the recogni tion which this devoted oonsBgo will win for them horn tho asooaaMios o£ the brethren throughout the Catholic v/oidd, oc whet hope ot confidence it will merit fo-s them bo£ora Christ aa their Judge, oi? whet reword it will obtain from Him in the Heavenly Kragdom ! And we our aelveQ in ovory lawful 'way aholl contiaae to peomoto their EeeonciliGfci:Oi& with tho Church in v?hieh individuols and massep, dg wo ordantly deoiro, may find so muoh foe their imitotion. Id tho meantime, by the tender mercy oE the Lord Our G-od, we qdIi and besaeeh all to strive faith fully to follow in the open, path ot Divine Grace DQd TEUth. Wo decree thot these iletfcosQ ond all things contained therein ohoU not bo liable at any time to bo impugned 02 objected to by reason of fault 01s ony ofches? defect whatsowex or sub reption os obreption or of oue intention, but E\?e and shall be always valid and in force, and shall bo inviolably observed both juridically and otherwise, by all o£ whotsoevoii1 de^tee and pfp-sminoQoe ; declaring null Dnd void any thing which in fchiioe saafctops may happen to be contPBEiwisa attempted, whether wittingly or unwittingly, by any po2aon v^hatHoovos bj whatsoever authority oe? p/Eotezt, all things to tho eont^ni-y notwithotanduig. Wo will that fctero shall be given to copien of these LotteFQ, oven pi'JBted, provided that thej bo fli^ned by a notary amd sealed by a poraon constituted in aeclooiastios). dignity, the saznf oEodeneo that would bo given to tho expres sion o£ oQi' will by the ahowinpi oC thono pye Beats- Given at Borne, at Sfe. Potep'G, in tho yeap of tho inocrsiEtion oic Oar Lord, ono thousand aight huodifod and ninoty-Gis, on the Ides of SpptsmboE in tilt) nineteenth yoae oi our Pcntifi oato. C. Carb. DB EUGG-IEEO. A. Card. BIANCHX, Peo'Dataritti?. VISA. Official op despatch ds Curia : J, dell' Aquila Visconti. In plocs o£ f fcho Seal, BjOgietogad IB tho SeerotMiate of Briefo, I. Cugkoni. 