WINNING HER WAY. Ciuttkii XXII (continual)? According to previous arrangement, tbo party hired a hack, and leaving their luggage at tho railway Btation, went out to Cedar \Y r ood, where mammy and her old man wero expect ing to receive tliom, iitid whero tboy ? found everything i>repnred for their comfort. . Kooms ivero mred, beds made, ana bright light wood-fires kiudled. And on exquisito early auppor was in pro gross. Mammy rccoivod her mistress and mistreea'a friends with a mixture ; of doforenco and dignity in her manner that was quito impreasivo. But her joy over tho fine growth ? and beauty bt hor nurseling . little Leonard was natural and delightful. The meeting also betwoon Nina and Leo aud their parents wae very pleasant to soe. Our party had reached Cedar Wood at the most beautiful hour of aunsot. General Lyon and Anna, who saw the place now for tho first time, and under its fairest aspect, were delighted with tho cottage and its surroundings. It was not an imposing aud vener able mansion, oyer-shadowod by ? mountains aiid forests, like Old Lyon Hall: but it was a pretty, wild- wood home, fresh, bright, fair, and youth ful. And Auna was in ecstasies over it. But the sparkling eliowor-gems that glittered'in tho rays of tho setting sun, from every leaf, and flower, and blado of grass, while they added so much to the beauty of the scone, made it a little too damp for health. So Drusilla pressed her friends to go.into the 'houso, and General Lyon seconded her motion aud drove them in before him. , ?This is all very well, my dears, he said ; ' but wo don't want to begin our voyage with bad colds.' :? So they wont into the little, draw ?'ing-room, with which the reader is eo well acquainted—the lovely little drawing-room, where Drusilla had watched so many weary nights. A cheerful fire was burning in the grate, and early spring flowers were blooming in tho vasos ;* and the curtains that separated it from the little dining-room were drawn aside,' showing the snowy damask, shining \- ailvor, and Sevres chiun, oE a well-set suppor-tnblo. AVhen thoy had stood before the fire a few moments, to evaporate the \- slight dampness from their clothes, and to look around upon the pretty place; the servants wore summoned to show, them to their several rooms. .Drusilla, attondod by inamiry, carry ing little Leonard, wont up to her own ? chamber. It was looking very fresh and bright, pretty and attractive,, with_ its crimson carpet and anowy curtaine, and its cheerful wood fire. But "with what feelings did the young- wife and mother entor again this chamber, so filled with aweet and bitter memories ? Certainly, with some sadness at the thought of all the happiness and tho misery she had felt in this pluco. But also with much thank fulness that she and her child had pnssed through the fiery trials unscathed —had . come forth from them sound in body and mind; and woro now blessed with health and happiness, and many friends. Sho sank on hor knees for a momont, and returned sincere thanks to' Divine . Providence And then sho arose, and made a few necessary change* in her dress, and went below to await her friends in the drawing-room. Thoy soon joined her there. And then tho supper, prepared with mammy's beet skill, was placed upon the tablo, and tho party sat down with good appetites to enjoy it. , After supper, Drusilla tried tho tone of Her new piano, tho one that had been ordorod, and sent to the cottage by her agent, when she was expecting to take her friends there to spend the winter. : . , She found it out of tune " from disuse, and so gave up the attempt to 'bring harmony out of it for that even ing. She rang, and brought'mammy up ?into the drawing-room, and said — .' Mammy, I shall write to -my agent to sond a man out hero to put this instrument in tune. And after that you muet make a fire in this room every wet day ; and you must play on . it.' ;?= * Play on tho firo, ma'am !' ' ? '..?" 'No, on tho piano.' "' '?On the pianner ?' 'rYea, I tell you.' '."Why lα, ma'am, I couldn't do it. It ain't likely as I could! I douH know anything about it! I' couldn't play a tune—no, not if the salvation of my mortial soul depended on it! I could play on tho jew'a-harp, if that would do.' . Drusilla smiled, aud said — ' I don't suppose you could play any pieces on this instrument. But! tell you what I want you to do. Look ' here.' And Drusilla opened the pmno, and 7sat down before it. And tpammy ?followod hor, and stood watching her v motions. ." ? See, now; begin heire at this left hand end, aud strike every one of J these little keys in turn, just as I do , '-?now, one after the other, till you get jSip hero to the right-hand end, and then backwards, one aftor the other, tilf you get back to the left-hand ond again. You can do that ?' naked Drusilla, giving a practical illustration to her words. _ 'Oh, yes, ma am, I can do that well enough, and I think I shall like it. ? Let's see, now. I'm to btgiu at tho. ond whore thoy groans _ and roars like sinners in the pit, and I'm to ond at the end where they whistles nnd chippers liko birds in the bush. . ' Yes; that is wjint you are to do for live or ten minutes every day, or every few days, as you please. And you nro to light a fire here whonever it is vory damp. All this is to keep tho instrument in tune, you know.' ' Yes, ma'aui, I think I shall like it. I know I shall like it. And it's easy enough !' said mammy, standing by hor mistress, and touching the keys. ' La! what will my old man say, when ho finds out I am rnrniu' mtisic ou tho pianner in my old ages of life, and practysin' every day like any boarding-school young lady! "Won t ho be took right offen hi? feet along with 'stonishment V 'Very likely.'. And now that will do, mammy. I know you will like;to spend as much time as. possible with Nina, as she is bo soon- to leavo you ; so good night.' ; ? Good night, ma'am. Good night,, ladies and gentlemen.' When mammy left the rooini Anna broke out into a peal of silvery laughter. ? , ?Well, upon my word, Drusa, she said, ' I never should have thought of your device for keeping a piano in tune.' ?Why not? It is an obvious one, under the circumstances.' 'Yes; but think of the absurdity of having mammy seated'at the piano, thumping upon the keys every day 1' ' She will not thump. And _ there is no absurdity. She will in this way deep the instrument in tune, and I should not at all wonder if in tho pro cess she should teach herself to play by oar. She will, if sho has tho ordinary musical talent of her race,' said Drusilla. And then, seeing that General Lyon was actually uoddiug, and that Dick was trying to smother a yawn, she lighted the bedroom candle?. Anna put one in Dick's hand, and waked up the general. And tho party bade each other cood-nicht, and Went to their sororal rooms. Tho earliest hours next day were spent iu the business that brought Drusilla to Cedar Wood—the inspec tion of her littlo estate. General Lyon, who had spent the best part of his long life iu agri cultural pursuits, was-well fitted to judge correctly of such matters. ? And lie pronounced everything connected with the farm to be very well ordered, and he complimonted mammy and her old man on the skill aud fidelity, with which they had administered affairs. By 10 o'clock the travellers, having settled tho business that brought them to Cedar Wood ; loft for Washington to meet the mid-day train for New York, whero they arrived at 11 o'clock at night. They went to one of the up-town hotels, whero they succeeded in pro curing good rooms on the second floor. After a late but light supper, thoy retired to rest, and, fatigued by their long ride, slept soundly. The next morning Drusilla looked for the first time upon the great American seaport, as seen from tho windows of her room at the hotel. From her point of view she ex pected to see a througed thoroughfare. Sho was agreeably disappointed, for she looked down upon a broad, clean, shady street, with a park on tho op posite side, for the house was a quiet up-town ono. Whilo she stood at tho window, General Lyon came to the door to take her down to breakfast in the public room, where, at one of the little tables, she found Anna and Dick already seated, and waiting for her. After the usual greetings— ' This is the tenth,' said Anna ; ' we havo six days to see all that wo wish to soe in Now York, and so we must bo busy, Drusa.' 'Yob,' answered Drusilla. ' But first of all wo must go and take a look at our steamer. 1 see by this morning's papers that Bhe got into port lato last night,' said the general. ' You and I can go and do that, Sir. The ladies need not accompany us unless they wish,' said Dick. , ' On, but we do wish,' put in Anna. 'I was never inside of an ocean steamer in all my lifb. Were you, Drusilla?' ' Ohcourse not.' ' Aud wouldn't you like to go and take a look at tho floating home in which wo aro to live for about two weeks ?' 1 Certainly I should, unless ' ' Unless what?' ' Our company should inconvenience uncle or Dick.' ?It will not inconvonience me in tho slightest degree.. On the con trary, it will give me pleasure. And —it donjt matter, about Dick,' said the genoral. ' Then we'll go J concluded An na; rising from the table. And you had; bettor get ready at once, youug ladies, as we have a great dual to do to-day aftor seeing this ship,* cdvised the general. 'And, Drusilla, if-1 were in your place, I would'let Nina take Lenny across, the street into tho park. Jacob can go with them to look after them both. So; they will bo quito safe,' counselled Anna. Drusilla nodded, and smiled assent. Aud they went upstairs to put on their bonnets, and soon came down preparod for the drive. The general and Dick were waiting iu the hall, aud tho hired carriage was at tho door. ? Only let me see little Lenny and his attendants safo in the park first, and tUln I will join you,' said Dru silla, who was leading in hor-hand her little boy, who now being- seventeen months old, could walk aud talk quite prettily. ? ?It is only across the street. It will not take us two minutes,' added Anna'."' ' And I am so much afraid of his .-being run over by carriages,' pleaded tho young mother. ' Oh, go, go !' laughed tho general. And Drusilla and Anna saw their little ehargo safely across the street, anil within tho indoaure of the green and alluded park ; whore, with many warnings and instructions to his at tendants, they loft liira with Ivina for his bearer, and Jacob for hia body guard. Then they returned, and joined their own protection. ' See how patiently ho is waiting for us 1 Had ever any one such a dear, indulgent old uncle as I have?' said Drusilla, fondly regarding the old man as she approached. Ia two more minutes they wero all in tho carriage, and rolling down the avonues towards Broadway. They wore nearly an hour in reach ing their ship/ which, with ber pas sengers and freight all discharged, was lying quietly at her pier. Xied on by Dicli, pressing through crowds of people, and climbing over pilo? of merchandise, and passing over decks of other boats, our party at last boarded their steamer, the Hurona. Picking his way among coils of ropes and chains, and folds of con van, aud heaps of coal, Dick went up to an officer on duty on tho deck, and, show ing his tickets, requested to see the rooina engaged by his party. The officer politely acquiesced, called a steward, ari'l directed him to show the gentleman and his friends to the first cabin. The man obeyed, and led our party down to the elegautly-furnished float ing drawing-room of the steamer. ? 4 Thi? is much finer than anything wo ever saw on our .rivers and bays,' safcl Anna, as she glanced around upon the velvet carpets, satin damask curtains, heavily-giUed cornices, cheval mirrors, aud all the showy appoint ments of the place. ? This is number'three, if you please air,'' said the steward, opening the ground-glass pildod door of a state room on their right. _ ' Ah, yes; this is the place in which you will have to go to housekeeping for two weeks,' said the general turn ing with n smile to Drusilla. It was a clean, cozy den, with an upper - aud lower berth, aud a sofa, wash-stand, "shelves,"-and drawers,- and all that was required for con venience. _? . 1 Do vou think you will be comfort able here ?'inquired the general. ' I shall be very comfortable. This is the largest state-room I ever saw,' Baid Drusilla, glancing round_ ap: provingly, although she was too inex perienced to know that this _ was, indeed, one of tho vory best positions in the ship. ' And now we will see ours," said Dick. And the Bteward lod tho party .far away up to the bows of the steamer, where he showed them two large, three-cornered state-rooms, directly opposite each other. Though their position was execrable they were even much larger and much bDtter furnished than was Drusilla's. She noticed their amplo siae aud mauy conveniences, and oxclaimed— ' I am so glad that you have so much space, and so many little drawers and cupboards to put away your things, and that you are so near each other, too.'). Aud iu her heart Bhe wished that she could be near thorn also ; tor sho could not know that they had tho worst situation while she had the best, or that they _woiild be_ harassed by every motion of the Bbip, while she would scarcely feel it at all. Dick and Anna smiled and enjoyed her " bliss of ignorance." Having thus inspected their future quarters, they left the steamer, and returned to the hotel. Drusilla had been feeling a little secret auxioty on tho Bubject of her boy. But Master Loimy had neither been stolen, run over, choked, bumped, nor injured in any other of tho ways sho had feared for him. He was quite safe, aud full of a subject which ho -called * inobdick' and ' yed toat;' and Nvhich Drusa interpreted to mean a brass baud attached to a marine corpa that had been playing in the park, to Lenny's great delight. That evening our party wont to the opera. The next day they visited the public institutions on tho islands in Bast River. And thus, with sight-seeing or shopping all day long, and going to some place of amusement in the even ing, they passed the time until Satur day.' Ou that morning, at about 10 o'clock, the yetnbarkod on board tho Hurona, and took up their quarters in tho state- rooms already described. The Hurona sailed at 12 noon. And after a voyage of ten days, which was bo calm, pleasant, and un eventful as to leave no incident worth rocording, tho Hurona reached the shoros of tho Old World. CnAPTEU XXVIII. ?To Bee for the first time tho shores of the Old World 1 It is, indeed, like coming to another world—like enter ing into another life 1 ? Have 'we ' died ? Was tho vast sheet of water we pcis?ed the river of death ? Aud is the land we see before us the abodo of departed spirits ? If ao, is it Hados or Elysium ? It look? more like Elysium I So mused Drusilla, as sho stood dreamily leaning over the bulwarks of tho Hurona, and gazing ou the lovely shores of the Emerald Isle, all glitter ing in the beams of tho rising; su.i, as the ship approachod the beautiful Cove* of Cork. Sho had risen vory early, and come up on deck alone to get a quiet first view of tho land. All was- bustle around her -, for the ship was preparing to lay to for the purpose of landing tho passengers for Ir.eland. The tiny steamboat from the shoro was already puffing and blowing its way out to the ucean luvinthan to take thom off. Men, women, and children, cervni)ts, porters, and baggage bogou to throng up frotn below. But Druaillu, plunged into a dream of the pant, was almost unconscious of the confusion nround her. ' Elysium ! for certainly it is peopled with the spirits of departed heroes and iHagosl' nho murmured to. herself, as the rivers of history and tradition rolled through her memory. A caressing hand was laid upon her shoulder, and a kind voice said in hor ear — 1 ' Good morning, ? my child 1 "Well, you see bofore you ' Hiberiua,' ' Erin,'. ' Ireland,' the ' Ould counthry !' Now, what do you think of it?' ' Ob, undo, it iB a lovely, ._ lovely land 1 Who can look upon it, , and not'love it?' And, oh 1 what an ex* perience to look upon it for the first time 1 it is as if some beautiful creation .of 'imagination was actually realised to tho senses! ' To' look upon "ber shores and think of her history, her legends, and her. poetry 1 To almost see tho shades of her. dead heroes, sages, and minstrels 1' said Drusilla, enthusiastically. ' Well, my deai, I dare say ardent young strangors like you feel all these things, and see oil these ghosts. But X don't Buppose -the people who live in the land, or the mariners that frequent the cove, ever do. Such is the effect of novelty in your case, and of habit in theirs ' ' But can any length of habit blind one to such beauty as this? _ Oh, loqk I Was there ever such a brilliant green herbage spread over the earth, or such heavenly blue sky above it, or such soft white clouds sailing over it P See those lovely, billowy hills! As tho cloud-shadows pass over them, they seem to rise and. fall, like the waves of the ocean, only more gentlv. ; It reminds me of something Tennyson said. What was it? Oh— The hills aro Bhndows, and they flow From form to form, and nothing stands. They melt like mists, tho solid lands, Liko clouds they shape themselves nnd go. Ho was speaking geologically of the changes wrought by centuries : but here the beautiful greeu sunlit or cloud-shaded hills do seein every moment to ' flow from form to form,' to ' melt like mists,' 'like clouds to shape themselves and go.' ' Sou nro a dreamer, little Drusa.' ' It does seem like a dream. It should not be the least surprised to wake up, and find myself—where?— anywhere at all in my past life. In my little comer of the housekeeper's room in the chief justices dwelling ; in the lolling-chair of tho little _ draw ing-room nt Cedar Wood, waiting for Alick to come buck; or at dear Old Lyon Hail, with little Lenny trying to pull my eyes open. Life seoms often very like a dream.' ' And always in auy great change of scene or circuin?tancos.' ' And most of all in coming to an old historical country like this, that we have always known in imagination, and novor in reality. But look, uncle 1 Do not lot ub lose the features of this sweet scene 1 It will be a picture in our mind's eye for many coming years. See. away there on the horizon, crowning the most distant of tho visible hills, a cluster of old gray ruins —the remains of some mediioval castle or monastery. And look a little farther down ! See the mos?y liuta, dotted nbout at long intervals, half hidden' in clells and thickets, and under great treesand nearer still, tho town, with ita glitter ing spires and its forest of shipping 1' 'Yes, my dear, the ninth century and the nineteenth aro brought, to gether in this view.' Here the old man felt a pair of tenaciou? little claws fasten them selves upon his leg, and a shrill, tiny voice sing out-— 'Untie danpal Untie danpa den nol !' . And, turning, he saw and lifted up little Lenny. Littlo Lenny's language needs translating. "He called, or'tried to call, every ono around him by the names he heard them call each other. Thus with him Drusilla wa? called 'Doosil;' Anna, ' Nannan;' Dick, 'Dit;' .while General Lyon, who was variously called uncle, grandpa, or general, was * untie danpa,' or even ' untie danpa dennil.' ' Well my little man, what do you want?' inquired the general, smiling on the child. ' Hee ! hee!' cried Lenny, pointing to the shore. ' Mate Doosil tate Lenny home.' ' Make Drusil' take Lenny home ? Why, where is homo ?' 'Dere l dere ! Mate Doosil tate Lenny home.' ' That's not home.' 'Tot, tid, tool , Mate Doosil tate Lenny homo dis minute !' ' You peremptory little despot! What do you mean ?' ( : ' Oh, uncle, you know ever since Lenny lost, sight of land ho has been abronrd. Now ho sees it again,' he thinks it is homo,' said Drusilla, ing on tho child. | Master Leonard with his father's features inherited much of his father's self-will; and so bo soon became both obstreperous and voiciferous in his demands to be taken home. 'Mamma will take Lenny ovef there presently,' said Drusilla, ingly, as she took the child in hsr arms. 'You know, uncle, our steamer will lie hero until this afternoon, and we shall have tirap to go on shore for an hour .or so,' she added, turning to the voterau. ' ' . ' Yes, I' suppose Anna and Dick would like it. I know I should. And —ah! hero they come now,' said the general, as bis niece' and nephew ap peared upon the deck. , ' What a charming view 1' exclaimed Anna. ' It is liko fairyland !' cried Dick.' .' Como I come 1 none of that now, vou know,' We've had enough of it! Hero's Drusa boon Binging its praises ever sincc I camo to licr Ami there, thank poo<Jnc. £ 'fj, tliere s the breakfast bell ! Come down now\ and praine tho company'H cook! Two week's trial has ptoved him to be in comparable,' auid the general, lending the way .to thonaloon, where the party were soon 'ciiacuMHing the cook a art. (To be continued.) 