A FATAL UNION. CHAPTER VI. | ' GOHDON OARYrjr/S S'J'ORY. His trial was over, his sentence was passed; aud Gordon Caryll went out from, his mother's presence an outcast and a banished man. ' All for love, and tho world woll lost,' ho said to himself, with something that was al most a smilo. 'Ah, well! Como what 'will, I havo boon-blessed. For four months I had my fool's paradise — let that thought console me, in all tho years of outlawry that aro to como.' Hb did not leave tho houso directly.. On tho landing ho passod a momont irresolute then turned,' ran up another stair-way, oponed ono of tho many doors that flanked tlio long corridor, and ontored tho rooms that had been, his own. Only tho moon lit them, but that was as brilliant almost as day. With ( that slight, sad smilo on his lips, he walked through tliom, Everywhere' traces of his I dead father's prido in him, his mother's lovo for him, woro scattered with lavish hand. Moro luxuious, almost, woro thoso rooms than his mother's own. ' Thoy will Borvo for my mother's heir,' tho young Boldior thought — ' whoever that may bo. Lucia Dynely's littlo son Erie, very likoly. She was always fond of Lucia; so, for that matter, was I. . My protty cousin 1 It is but sovon milos distant, and ? there is timo„and to sparo. Suppose I look hor up for tho last timo boforo I go forth into tho ?outer darkness, and ho hoard of no moro P' Hb Boleotod a fow trifles, a pioturo of his mother, another of this ' CouBin Lucia' of his' thoughts, a gold-mounted ? meerschaum pipe — thon, with a last baokwai'd glanco of farowoll at tho pretty moonlit rooms, lio ran down tho stairs, out of tlio silont houso, tho groat door closed with a clang behind him, and all was ovor. ^ Hb mado his way to tho stables, startling grooms and stablo boys as though ho had boon a ghost. 1 ' Saddle Dark Diamond, Morris,' , ho ordered j ' I'm going to Dynely Abboy, and will loavo him thoro behind mo. You can go ovor for him to-morrow.' Ho vaulted lightly into tho Baddlo, cantered down tho avonuo, out of tho groat gates, and bqyond tho far-strotohing park that was novor to call him mastor. As ho stoppod for ono last look, novor, it Boemod to ' him, had tho old ancbstral homo looked, so noblo and dosirablo as on this August night, under tho yollow light bf tho summer moon, ' A fair arid stately heritage to yield for a girl's faco,' ho thought, bittorly. ' May my successor bo wiser than I, and bo kopt from that maddest of all man's madness, loving a woman !'« His horso was a fleet ono — ho spurred him on to a gallop. For miloB, as ho rodo, tho woods of Caryllynno stretoliod : on tho othor hand tho cottage lights twinkled, tho villago forgo flamed forth lurid rod ; old familiar landmarks mot him ovorywlioro, and far beyond tho broad swoop of tho silvor-lightod ,soa. LosB tlian half an hour brought him to his destination, Dynoly Abboy, tho ' seat of. Viscount Dynoly — a liugo, historio pilo, that long oonturios ago had boon a Oistoroian monastery, in tho days whon tho ' Keys,, and Cross, and Triplo Crown,' hold mighty sway through all broad' England. As ho rodo at a gallop up tho ontranco avonuo, in view of tho groat abboy, poarly whito in tho moonlight, his hordo Blued at somo whitb 'objoot, so Buddonly and violently as almost to unsoat his ridor, Gordon Caryll laughod as lio' loapod oif and pattod him soothingly on tho hoad. i So, ho, Diamond 1 Easy, old follow. Doob tlio sight of my protty Cousin Luoia, in lior wliito drosBand shawl, upsot your norvous' systom liko this P' Ho' throw tho bridlo oyor n troo, and adranood to whero a lady, in a silk dinnor droBS, and wrappod in a wliito, fleooy shawl, stood. ', 'Lady Dynoly,' lio said,' lifting his 'hat, ' good-ovoning,' ' Slio had boon slowly paoing, as though for an ovoning constitutional, round and round a groat ornamontal fish-pond. As horso and ridor appoarod, sho had pauaod in somo alarm ; then, as tho ilnoxpootod visitor apprcmohod', and tho bright light of tho moon foil on Ills faoo, sho had uttorod a low ory of, groat sur prise and dollght, and hold out to him both hands. ' GLordon 1' slio oriod, ' Oh Gordon 1 Can it bo you P' » Sho was a protty woman — throo- and-twonty povlmps, with a fair, blondo faoo, a profusion of palo, blonclo ha'ir, a tall, willowy, fragllo flguro, Tho fail' faoo, tho palo-bluo oyos, lightod up now with gonuino clolight. ' I, Lady Dynoly, You hardly lookod for mo to-night, aid you P And yot, you must havo known I would oomo,' Hor oolour roso. ' S!io withdraw tho hands ho hold still. ' I did not know it, How oould I toll P Your mother was lioro to-day — sho said noth ing about it.- Whon did you oomo,' Two hours ago, Aim.1 as to-morrow morning, by tho first train, I loavo again for good, .£ mn tho risk oE not finding you at homo, and rodo ovor to say good-by. By tho way, lt'n ratlior a ooinoldonoo, but ono August night, two yoars ago, you and I shook hands and parted ou tbto vory epofc. You wo dressed in whito that night, too, I remember, and looked as you always do look, belle cousmo — fair and sweet, and palo as a lily.' Again hor colour roso, but the blue, startled oyes fixed themselves on his face, ' Say good-by 1 — leave for good 1' sho repeatec. ' What is it you mean P ^Gordon, havo you seen your mother?' ' Yes, Lucia, I havo seen my mother, I havo just come from Caryllynno. I have bidden farowoll to it and to my mother forever.' ' She stood looking at him in painful silpncc — that sensitive rosc-pink colour coming p.nd going in her chcolcs. In tho crystal moonlight sho could see tho groat and sadden ing change in him. Sho clasped both hands around his arm and looked up at him with soft, pitiful oyes. ' Gordon — cousin,' slio said, gently, ' is it true, this story thoy t-}ll, that is in tho papers, that all London rang with beforo wo left? It must bo truo, and yet — oh, Gordon ! unloBB you toll mo with your own lips, I cannot believe.' ' Then I toll you,' ho moodily answered,, 'it is truo.' 'That you married an acti'ess — an ? Oh, Gordon 1' eho said, passionately, ' I would rather see you dead 1' , . 'You. aro not alono in that, I fancy,' ho said, with a drearily reckless laugh. I ' All tho same, I havo dono it. All the same, too, I have had enough of reproach and bitterness for ono night — it is my last, remember — don't vou tako up tho cry against me. Those gentle lips of yours, ma belle , wero no/or mado to say cruel tilings. Wo havo been good friends always — Ict us so part.' Sho sighod wearily, lifer hands still loosoly clasping his arm, her bluo, pitying oyos still fixed on his face. His gloomy gaze was bent on the water-lilios in the pond, whoso palo heads ho was mercilessly switching off with his riding whip. ' I am Borry — I am sorry. But your mother, Gordon — surely sho pities you and forgives you. I know how stern and l'esoluto sho can bo whoro sho thinks hor duty is con corned; but yom, hor only son, whom sho lovos bo dearly ? ' ' Sho has disinherited and cast mo off forever. It is all right, Lucia. I don't deny the justice of my sentence ; only, you soo, 'ono looks ratlior for morcy than for juBtico from one s mocner. ' But sho doos not moan it — sho spoaks in anger. Sho will repent and call you back.' Ho smiled — a slow, hard, inexorable smilo. ' It is a littlo lato for all that. What ' is ,dono is dono. I will never go back. Sho says truly, I havo disgraced tho namo — tho only atonement I can make is to ronounoo it. Sho has ordered mo from hor sight and hor homo forovor. Ono does not wait to bo told that twice.' 'How could bIio — how eould shop' his cousin murmured, tho soft bluo oyes filling and brimming ovor ; ' you, her only son — all sho has loft — whom sho loved so dearly. Oh I how could sho do' it p Gordon, I, too, liaVo a son, my littlo Eric, and I lovo him so de votedly, so entirely, that I fool, I know, no crimo lio could commit, though it woro murder itsolf, oould ovor for ono second cliango that lovo.' Do what ho might — yes, tho very worst mah can do — I would still lovo him and tako him to ifcy heart,' Her palo face glowed, hor palo oyos bright onod, her voico arose. Her cousin lookod at hor tenderly, '.I can beliovo that,' ho Baid : 'but you soo, Luoia, tlioro . aro mothers and mothers— and ViscountosB Dynoly and Mrs. Caryll aro of two vory different orders. I novor did prof or tho Spartan Bort myself, roady to rhn tho knife through thoir nearest and dearest at a moment's notioo. Still, I ropoat, my sontonco lias boon dosorved, and is just.' ' Gordon, toll mo all about it,- will you P I know so littlo ; I road tho papors, of course, but still——' - , 'Is it worth whilo, Luoia P It is not ,fi pleasant or profitablo story. Do you really' caro to know P' * 'Gordon!' ' ' , ' ' Oil, I know all your affcotionato intorost in mo and my ooncorns, fairost cousin, and I don't mind boring yo* with tho dotails of a young fool's folly. Folly! good lioavon abovo ! | What a fool I was 1 What a gullible, woodon-headed imbooilo idiot I must havo boon !' ' ' You — you loved hor, Gordon P' ' Woll, yos, I suppose it was lovo, thnt blind and boBottod fovor hor boauty and hor witohorieB throw mo' into. Sho was a soroo oss, whoso aooui'sod Bpolls sent ovory man sho. mot undor sixty straightway out of his sonBos, Why, slio throw tho rost ovor for, mo (sho had half tho ! battalion at hor foot) was clear onough. I was tho youngoBt and riohost, and tho greatest ass in Toronto, Sho turnod scores of othor lioads but not to that pitch of idiooy whioh proffors wodding-vingB. I had only soon hor six times whon I askod hor to, marry mo — you may faintly, guess tho'dopth and broadth of my imbooility whon I toll you that,' ' Slio was handsomo, Gordon?' ' Sho was moro than handsomo. Luoia. She had a boauto dn (liable whoso liko I had nover soon — that no man oould rosiBt — a dark riohly oolourod, Southorn sort of boauty, of tlio earth oarthy, 'Sho was small avid slondor with a waist you oould snap liko a pipo- stom, two largo blaolc oyoB, liko a panthor's pre cisely, and n smilo that aont you straight out of your sonsos. All tho follows in Toronto raved of hor — sho was tho toast of tho moss, tho talk of tho town. Only tlio womon fought shy of hor — thoy took hor gaugo by intuition, ^ suppoNo. Boforo sho had boon a wook in Toronto, Major Lovoll and his daugli ter-woro tho topic in ball- room, and boudior, and barraoks.' ' Sho -was a Miss Lovoll P' Lady Dynoly askod in a oonstrainod sort of tono. Ono hand Btill restod on his arm, and as thoy talkod thoy walkod slowly round and round tho fish-pond, In tho days that woro g,ono »ho lmd boon vory fond of hor dashing boy ooiiHin playmate — vory fond — with sis terly fondnoss, slio told horsolf — nothing moro, 'You will hoar, I had boon a yonr in Toronto boforo slvo oamo ; a dull aim dt'oary yoar enough, with nothing but tho daily drill, tho pavudo, tho routlno of military llCo, tho provincial ' balls and dinnor partlos, tho provincial fiirlations with dark Canadian ballon to broak tho monotony, All at onoo slio oumo, and ovory thing ohangod, Major Lovoll brought his dfiughtov among uh— and it soomod to mo my luo began. Ho wiis a disronutablo old dulTor enough, this Lovoll — a dvuuktu'd, a sharpor at cards, iv rookor at bil liards, living on hiH luilf-pay and liis wholo , wits, Ho was a wldowor, with a daughter 1 out in Bownuda with hor mother's friends, who doolinod to Hyo with hor iwJoally old father. Ho Was in tho habit of disappearing and reappearing in Toronto at odd times — this timo, after a longer absence than usual, ho reappeared with his daughter. ' Ho met mo ono bleak autumn night, loung ing aimlessly down ono of tjio principal streets, dressed for a heavy sacrificial dinnor party, yawning nt thd boredom in prospective, wishing all civilian dinner-givers at tho deuco, and, willynilly, ho linked his soody old arm in mine, ' ' En route for Rogers,' dear boy P' ho said with a grin, 'and looking onnuied to death even at the thought of what is in storo for you. Why make a martyr of youi'solf, Gordon, my lad P — why sacrifice your self on tlio altar of acquaintanceship ? Throw over tho bloated timber mer chant ; como to my lowly wigwam, and let's havo a fiiondly gamo at ecarto. I'll givo you a dovilled kidney, and a glass ofihorry — you can drop in at Rogers' when tho heavy feed ing's ovor. Besides,' — aftor a pause, this, and with a sideling glanco — ' I want to bIiow you my littlo girl — bless her ! She's como to keep houso for hor old dad at last.' ? ' I mado somo faint resistance — only faint, and yioldod. I had a weakness for ecarto ; tho major ? was past-master of tho gnme, although ho made his lessons l'atlior expensive to youngsters liko mysolf. ' ' Nevillo and Dalton, and two or throo moro of Yours, aro coming,' ho said as ho insorted his latch-key. ' Rosio will givo you a bit of suppor by and by, and sing you a song, if you liko that sort of thing. Como in, Gordon — como in, my boy, and thrice welcome to tho old man's modest mansion.' ' And then I was in, out of tho cold, dark Canadian night, in a fire-lit, lamp-lit parlour, looking with dazzled oyes down, upon tho loveliest faco, I thought, that firolight or sun light ovor Bhono on. ' She had sprung up at our ontranco — sho had beon crouched in kittenish fashion on tho heartli-rug, and two big, wonderful oyos, of tawny blackness, woro looking up at me. I thought of Balzac's ' Girl with tho Goldon Eyes' — thoso woro black or yollow, just as the shifting firolight roso or fell. As I stood staring in a stupefied trance of wonder and admiration, tho major's fat, unctuous voice droned in my ear. 'Rosnmond my child — my young friond, Mr. Caryll of Caryllynno, Devon, England, and lior Majesty's— — th Royal Rifles, Toronto, Canada. Gordon, my boy — my lifctlo daughter, Rosio,' ' Thon a littlo brown hand slipped out to mo, tho dark luminous oyos and tho rod dimpling lips smiled togethor. ' ' I am much ploased to meot Mr. Gordon ' Caryll of ? What's all tlio rost, papa P Much pleased to meet anybody, I'm suro, in this cold, nasty, droai'y Canada.', ''You don't liko Canada, ' thon, Miss Lovol P' I managed to Btammor. ' I am sorry for that, We must try and oliango your opinion of it boforo long. What wiiSli skating and sleighing, it isn't half a bad place.' ' Sho pouted and laughod liko a child Sho was singularly childish in form , and faco, hardly looking sixtoon. ' ' lfot half a bad place ! Whoro you grill i alive throe summer mouths, and sliivbr to death nine winter onoa. Oh, my dear Bermuda! Whoro tho hoar ts w, ore as warm as tho climate, and tho facos as sunny as tho Bkios! No fear of -boing lonoly, or miserable, br noglootod thoro. If papa would lot me, I would go back to- morrow.' « ' ' But papa won't,' tho major put in, with a chticklo ; ' papa can't spare his ono owo lamb yot. Mr. Caryll here, I am suro, will do his bost to make time pass, littlo ono. Hark ! I hoar a knocking in tho south entry — tho othor follows at last.' ' Thon with much laughter and stamping and noiso, throe or four military mon oamo chattering in out of tho oold and 'damp dark uoss, and wero prosontod to my ' daughter, Rosamond.' 'I don't know how it was with them; I can answor for mysolf — from tho first momont I lookod on Rosamond Lovoll's faco I lost my hoad. You know mo woll enough, Luciaj' tho Bpoakor, broko , off, with a half laugli,- 'to know I novor do that sort of thing by halves. But this was different from anything that had gono boforo. I lookod on thoso wondorful dusky, oyos only onco, and said to myself, ' I will win Rosamond Lovoll for my wifo, if it bo in tho powor of mortal man to win lior.' (To bo continued.) 1 