Djjlcie Evert on.: " MRS. LYNN LINTON. J , Author of. Jha.TrBO History of Joshna Davidson," "My Iiove," 'Onder whloh Lord," "One Too Many, "fie." ALL QUEENSLAND RIQETS RESERVED.) CHAPTER,' II. — ( Continmd.) . Martin — blind, obstinate, pertinacious, Is the sincere lover always is— would not accept this decision. The World Woll Lost was a truth of truths to him ; snd, confidont as youth and love to- gether make a mun, ho felt sure that he could givo up all that makes life worth living to the normal English gentleman, and yet be happy; — having her. That she should hold by tho things which ho was so ready to renounce, never entered into his honest head to conceive." Lovo would not have tho prepotency it has were it not for its marvellous egotism — its sublime belief in its power to offend ' man, God, and the law, and to live vic torious qvor circumstances, and sublimely unrepentant to tho end. \- 'Would that bo such atrial to me as to lose you ?' said Martin, in tho voico wherein n man's vory soul speaks. Would the loss of a fow friends aud acquaintances bo equal to tho blank misery of a life without you ? Is this the despair to which you are going to condomn mo, Elaino? And all for a false notion of regard for me !' 'And condemn myself to tho same despair,' sho answered gently. ' But it must be ; and some day you will thank and bless me, and say that I did well, and proved myself your best friend.' ' Never,' cried Martin, a little wildly. ' I shall say to the end that you have ruined my life. It would bo worse than murder. That, at least, would bo- soon over. This cruelty will bo for all timo.' ! Sho looked grave — grave even to dis pleasure. But she was still gentle, as v'\ ono who would not lot her wrath lio . heavy on maybe a too passionate pleader \t —but then, how devoted und adoring a v 'Jovcr. l\|That is a torriblo accusation,' sho said. ' But that I can bear, for your sakeS, I appeal from the present to tho future, ''-.qnd tho future will' judge mo ifairly.' \ ' What chn I say to make you alter ivour decision ?' said Martin, clenching | his hand till lio dug tho nails into tho | palm. 'Nothing, dear. To make monitor .it would be to cliango my whole nature, . jYou must first make me selfish and in- ieonsiderato. I have done you onough Wrong, my darling, in loving you — in letting you love me. I must not add to it your social ruin. Mine lias been the sin, mine must bo tho burden ; for I need hurdly suy to you what my life will be without you.' As sho said this Sho / turned her oyos full upon him — those wonderful eyes, i soft and brown and velvot like, which knew so well how to sweep the very soul out of a mun ! i 'Don't!' cried Martin. 'My God, if £w like that, I shall go mad !'.. . ' . She put ,up her hand, and hastily brushed away tho tears tliat had gathered within tho lids and were ready to full. She hud that power ; as sho had tho power of checking . her .pulse, so that sho could become whito and fuint at will. ' If you grieve so much, what shall I do ?' sho cried, ' It makes it so hard to bear !' 'I am a brute!' said poor Martin, struck with the sonse of solfishneBs. 'I can only oxcuso mysolf by saying how much I lovo you. It makes mo forgot myself.' | Your best solf,' sho said gontly. ' But to leave you for over — 1 cannot bear it !' said Martin, going back on the central point of his despair. _ ' Bettor sorrow thun tho sin of your disgraco,' she almost whispored. ' Mino ! mino ! Why do you for over talk only of mine!' ho said. 'Talk to ano of yours, and thero would bo some thing in it ! I can understand that. To /givo you up for yourself — to koop your Vtramo frco from scandal — to know you always on tho crest of tho wave, as tho beautiful and peerloss quoen you arc, that I can understand, as I say. But for myself, Elaine — to put anything in comparison with you — fortune, name, friends, unything you will — it is blasphemy!' 'Well, then,' sho answered, as if making a suddon concession ; ' think of mo — and spare mo.' ' Again sho looked at him, her eyes . bolying her words ; for her oyes spoke of love for him, and her words wore for horself. It almost Boomed, too, as if thoso eyes asked him how much bo, bolioved of hor protestation. Tor yourself, for your good, your poueo,;T could do anything-,' said Martin, slowly. 'I would go to the stake for your sake ; and it is worse than tho etako to live without you.' ' Brave and good — I knew that !' . . : said.Elaine. Then, with a deep sigh, she- closed ' ' her beautiful eyes, became 'whito as the whito rose at her throat, and leaned ' back against her lover, as if too faint End weak with emotion to sit upright. And now sho had conquered, and poor 'rash Martin was subdued. Ho saw that tho trial was too much for her. Ho saw how terribly it shook hor to renounco him, to resist his pleadings, to deny her own heart ; but ho saw, too, as she wished ho should, that she was rosoluto, and that it was best for her. Bo long as it was the question only of his wordly loss, he could combat and , . . . Autroat. When it touched herself, he \- . : , was necessarily mute. And Elaine i v smiled to hersolf, congratulating herself on her cleverness and tho skill with . Which sho had skirted by and averted a ' Very great and pressing danger. \- It was not often that sho had drifted Into such a porilous position. For tho v most part sho had found her lovors 7\. moro men of tho world, und therefore easier to manage thun Martin had proved himself to be. It must bo u warning to her in tho futuro. Sho must play with a longer lino, and not run ; snch a close risk again. Meanwhile, . ' she was safe ; and her importunate 7 ' lover wos;shakon oil. »: ; . -By -that evening's. train -Martin Har- ' . . prwbjf went forth into the, wilds. of tho .<rgdd\\.wd-.th(u,dcBdation-tu)fitIifej-<hiB happiness wrecked, his hopes cut down to the roots, all his past a dream, all his future despair. The whole thing was at an end for him ; and more than once ho speculated on tho good of ending his life as woll as his hopo. /Why should ho live? Bankrupt in all that makes life of value, why sliould ho decline ou tho misorablo pittanco left over — tho pittance of mere existence void of love, void of hope, void of happiness and interest ? But ho was young ; and youth, which suffers so much more keenly than age, has also more unconscious compensation in its moro solid tics to earth. Un spoken and unformulated, tho vague possibilities of tho futuro hovor liko rays of distant light in the mind. There on tho horizon, broods some where that divino Bird of God who shull restore all things. We do not know its name,, nor its- shape, nor where it bides, nor how it goes ; but wo bcliovo that it is thero, and that some day it will fly into our bosom and nbidc with us to the end. Woro it not for this vague conscious ness of future hearing, tormented youth could not live through its various stages of torture; and tho 'first lovo trouble would bo tho Inst. But that secret spring which keeps the world fruitful, promises that in- the futuro the present desert shall once moro blossom like a rose, and thnt all can never bo forgotten, something at least shall be redeemed. .. . Meanwhile Martin Harrowby was not ashamed to weop bitter tears in the soli tude of his own chamber — not ashamed to feel as broKon-heartod as a love-sick girl while his train sped onwards, curry ing him from her — for over from her ! — not ashamed to bo ungrateful to God and life, to friends and youth, aud to fool an enmity with fate— wanting that supremo delight of all. " And while he was eating out his henrt for all those fioiy griefs, his train crossod that wherein Jacques Courcellcs was hurrying onward, radiant with lovo and joy, to the presence of his adored wife. And just as tlicyoung English man entered Paris — to him liko a city of tho dead, tenanted only by gibbering ghosts— tho good, round, dog-faecd little merchant, with his heart of gold and his body of the poorost alloy procurable in the workshop of Nature — his soul that of an angel and his porson that of a gnome — stumbled hastily into his wife's room, whero sho lay in the tranquil sleep of an unsoilcd child. . As ho came to tho bedside he fell on his_ knees and gontly took her hand, which ho kissed with tho rapture of a dovoteo brought face to face with tho goddess he worshipped. To him, indeed, sho was a goddess — body and mind supernal and beyond humanity ; but body and niind his, and his only. Elaine opened her eyes; and saw hor husband knooling there in tho tender twilight mado by the sun breaking through the heavy blinds aud curtains. Sho saw his oyes full of adoring tears, his happiness just, touched with pain becauso of- its' intensity — and' in her heart sho said : ' Poor fool !' ' Ah, darling !' bIio exclaimed, throw ing her arms round his nock, and kissing his (lamp forehead. ' How I hnvo longed for you ! How miserable I have boon without you ! How overjoyed that you hnvo come !' Her loosened robo fell aside, and showed the white, firm shoulder which not twonty-four hours ago Martin Harrowby had kissed. 'My angol! my own dear angel!' was all that honest Jacques could say; for Nature had doniod him eloquence, as sho had denied him graco or beauty. His solo gifts woro goodness and a Bhrowd kind of business ' flair.' But ho indemnified himself for his sparse utter ances by almost reverently kissing that bared whito shoulder. 'Ah, dear head, once moro!' said Elaino, laying hor hand on tho grizzled scrubbing-brush which touched hor with such devotion. 'And havo you missed me, little one ?' ho asked. 'All! moro than I say,' said Elaine. ' I have never missed you so much — never been so glad to seo you, my darling!' ' God bless you for that ! ' ojaeulatcd tho husband, transported to tho vory heaven of lioavons for gratitudo and joy. . But Elaino, turning away hor' head, furtively wiped the lips which had toucliod his forehead, and tho hand which his had clasped. Her acting was porfoot, so was her solf-eontrol. She argued with herself that, as. sho mado hor husband supremely .happy and was tho only ono to; suffer, what did it signify how niuok falsehood there was in her carosses, how much pretence in hor wolcomo ? To hor, Jacques Courcellcs, her husband, was _ useful as a banker's book, us a shield, in some sort as a pro tection against tho rash desires of tho Martin Harrowhys of her life. So long as she hoodwinked and contented him, and ho gave her tho sanction of his name and tho uso of his income, she thought sho was in hor right to havo that secret undor-ourrent of private pleasure. Ho had no cause to com plain; tho world hud no right to consuro ; and sho had all sho wanted. A little show of tenderness to the source of all was not too hoavy a tax to puy. Common sense goes further than ex aggeration ; and this way of looking at things was essentially that of vioious reason and unrighteous common sonse. CHAPTER in. No psychological novelist, on the look-out for copy, would havo given a moment's thought to tho people who came to Mrs. Evorton's garden party. 'Nor would he have gleaned the very smallest harvest if he hod. Virtuous, orthodox, unromantio, -respectable, they had.not the, -makings of anvlbson jlay-or .a fi-fi novel' among them. Even. Balzac .w.(add,haye.foand!thein.diifioult ., to pourtray and a tough job -to idealise and as material- for analysis theyycre nowhere. True, thoro- wore some among thfito who were palpably discontented with thoir lot in . life ; but not, tho most liberal interpreter of human feoling could havo dignified that ' discontent as- ' divine,' nor hnve found hi it tho gorm of pootry. , Commonplace square-toed folk, not given to fine phrase, and in capable of that kind of high falutin which finds .' evil interesting and good prosaic, would havo bluntly described the . discontent which certain of their neighbours showed as ill-temper due to idleness and Bluggish liver. Such a man, for instance, as that prosaio old - optimist, that halo and rubicund old sea-dog, Captain George Jones, would havo bustled them off with, ' Givo 'em something to do, says I; make 'em work as I have done, till I very nigh dropped, I did. Make 'em work for their rations, tho.lazy lubbers, and they'll soon got all tho nonsonse knocked out of 'em, or I'll cat 'era, I will.' And even Percy Merritt, tho idealist, artist, romancist, "and Now Light generally of Green Lanes — did he not contribute both prose and verse to tho local newspaper ? — did ho not follow on the chariot wheels of tho Impressionists and make word-pictures which .were only liko so many dabs of colour, with neither incident nor drawing to speak of? — did ho not quote Carlyle, sit at the foot of lluskin, profess to understand Browning, and cull things unintelligible or immoral ' distinctly precious ? ' yet oven he could - not pump anything liko sentimental sympathy for Lucindu Ware's chronio pouts, nor cxcuso Mrs. Amanda 1'otts's snappish complaints against her good-natured, fat-faced husband, whom all tho world liked, and wondered why sho did not— for what in the name of fortuno had she to com plain of ? to he continued. 