A BICYCLE SICE FOB LIFE. I Intended to break the record, as the slang phraae goes-i-nb very difficult mattsr, I reflected, ao far. «s a Canadian winter record on the Woyeie wu eonoerned. To do so, however, -required judgment, knew that I had the long xtae intc the loreet before me, and I mart reierve my strength for that, I went steadily on. I had atoned the level at lut, and I knew I had done well. The light was bright flnongh to aee the time, bntl decided to wait tni I entered the forest It w« no longer quite ae eaiy to keep the bioyole op to speed. Then waa more effort in the pressure on the pedals, a little more eenaatloB in the mnsoles of the legs as I did so. I looked ronnd. Yes, I had already made a rise of • good many feet. The slope wn regular, bat not steep enough greatly to reduce my speed. As I went I glanoed from aide to aide—for I waa oonsolons of the oppressive solitude of the forest; bnt my paoe was not retarded for a moment. One of the sleighing party had been talkinj; of wolves. The winter, it seemed, hat been an «aiiy one, and it certainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, had been ahowibg in paoka not twenty miles to the north. There wu not a sound but the low erisp anaoh of the enow under the wheels of my machine, and even that seemed hashed and distant. Tet what was that ? Was it fanoy, or did I hear something shrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand? Surely there was some thing^—if it waa only the wall of a distant gust of wind meaning through the frozen pines. I bent over the bicycle and concentrated my energies upon facing the long asoent. There It was again ! It was no wail of tke northern wind—no swaying of the frozen forest. It waa the cry of a living thing. It was nature's savage com' plaint against the pangs of henger ! On and on I flew. There was not a breath of wind to stir the lightest snow-flake on the tandereet epray, yet my hair was thrown back from my brow, where great drops ef perspiration no w gathered and began to trlokle down my faoe. On and on 1 without a thought bnt that of pressing forward, without a hope but that of reaching the descent of the elope, and the edge of the far est. And as I went I knew that I was followed.' From the dim arcades on my light came from time to time a short, gasping howl, ant short in the moment of utterance by the exertion! of the chase, They had seen me, and now they were in fall cry. It was a race for bare life, leant forward, and threw every energy I possessed into the one effort to press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts.- The long barging boughs nearly brushed my faoe as J swept past. The cold air blew in my faoe and cairied even the heavy fur of my ooat behind me as I rushed through the night. And yet my punners did not lose ' ground.- Oirtfaa auituiy,4hfj vuv gaining.* Not quickly, not with a rush; bnt slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was doadly; with a monotony that was ghastly beyond expression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fixed en the line cf light that stretohed on and on in front, as if it would never end. The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild buzzing in my head, there was a weary feeling growing in the limbs, there was a despairing sense oi the nselessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate, it was now that for the first time I saw something of my savage pursuers. There wu a shadew on my tight—only a shadow, bnt no longer the Bhadow of a tree or branch. It was a head, a long, sharp muzz'e—the month open, the lower jaw hanging, the ears erect I It crept on. Little by little it gained on me—an inoh—only an inoh at a time, but always an inoh more 1 This shadow became a horror to me, last! The long straight road nude a curve to the right. Not a sharp onrve, bnt enough to bring me to closer quarters with my untiring pursuer. In a moment as I pressed upon the b a n d followed the sweep of the road he was npon me. In a moment the shadow had given plaoe to enbstanoe— with a leng panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. He was old, for I oould see that bis hair was grey as it showed in the moonlight. His huge month was open, showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hung from his slavering jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red coals gleamed from the thiokly-matted hair that nnng over his face. There was a look of exhaustion about him that for the moment increased the horror of his appearance. Involuntarily I swerved as he sprung, and his great jaws oame together with a snap not an inoh from mv knee. His leap had ooet him something in speed, and he fell back quite balf-a-yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gathering horror cf his pursuing shadow, and the change aroused me. My hand went instinctively to the handle of my revolver. The familiar teuoh seemed to reassure me. I drew it from my belt. .1 weighed it in my hand as if to grew accustomed to it. I dared not tarn in my seat, and yet I mnst get a shot at the grizzly leader of the park. Insensibly I slackened my pace fer a second or two; insensibly the huge head crept up onoe more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in front of my feet. Once mora was gathering himself np for a spring. Once more his bleod-Bhetj hungry eyes, were turned toward me as .he kept up his long, leaping gallop. It was the moment Quick as thought I fired. The ball struck him— struok him, I think -on the shoulder.- for with one fieroe'enarl, that seemedrto express, pain, diiappointment, and terror all Intone, he rolled over in a heap, almost against the rushing wheel of my blcyale. There was a pause io the chase. Once more I turned to the track, Once more I conoentrated every energy to Increase the distance between myself and my relentless pursuers. The welceme respite was but a short one. My head swain dizzily with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long and fierceexcitement ; my limbs grew numb and heavy . under the desperate strain. Thank God I I was on the downward slope. Thank God 1 there w« at last a'prospect of escape. The descent made itself qaiokly felt. Exhausted as I had been, I couldn't have kept it mnch longer, and, I must have been overtaken. Down the long, smooth dope we rashed at a pace that was momentarily increasing. I looked behind me once more. The wolves were following still, but they, too, were growing exhausted. I glanced at the ascent beyond the bridge. I'was across, and now the acsent began. I bent ever the bicycle, I foroed my weary limbs to exert themselves onoe more. For fully a hundred yards the ascent was eteep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I seembd to go with eaob moment, lie perspiration poured from my faee, my legs .and ankles burned as if steeped in liquid fire, I olenobed my teeth, and gripped the bandies as if for bare life, and at eaoh alow turn of the wheel I seemed to myself to hear the panting of the wolves behind me. At last I did It. At ,the top of the dope I turned and looted behind me. The moonlight shone white on the grey leader as he bounded on to ths bridge ; two others followed him closely, the rest wen scattered behind them an the mad. Notour lad as vet abandonafl the chaae—not one had' yet given cp hopoi of the prey. J drew ,my revolver from my bdt agair 1 rested ^the bstreltora moment on tie As the leader nearedmy and OFI thelnids£:-I tursed aad fred. I hit him m. I With a sharp howl hs sprang into tho air and fell half across the parapet, then be turned over and I osnld see bis body gleam whltely as he plonged into the river below. Exhausted as I was, I found that I oould maVe an effort still. I could hear nothing of the wolves, bnt yet for aught I knew they might he following stilL Imagination supplied the plaoe of my dolled senses, and I could {•nay I heard their panting behind me—I con'd even imagine the aharp scuffling ef their feet on the enow. Suddenly a broad stream of l'ght fell aorots the road. ' There was a sound of voices which sonnded stringely far away; then were the figures of men, Ihingh ti er looked I ke the men we see In dreams. My bicycle swept on, but I oould no longer oontrol It, Everything swam before my ayes, my limbs refused to move any longer—I felt that I was falling— falling—and I was caught in Br Jackson's strong arms 