THE POLITICAL CRISIS. After waiting in hopeless quiescence over since the election of the present Parliament, the" Opposition have at last risen to what they iirosumnbly regard as a sudden oppor- tunity to rush the Treasury benches. Last night Mr. Lyne gayo notice of a censure motion In connection with the fees paid to the Dean Commission, and all business stands adjourned until this political filibus tering enterprise is brought' to an issue. The Government was just in the act of proceed ing with the Coalmines Regulation Bill when suddenly called upon to stand and de liver, but when a chance, or tho shadow of a ghost of a chance, of capturing office ap pears, all other questions, as far as "the outs" ore concerned, usually stand aside. The present Opposition are not singular in this respect, They are simply playing the game of party polities according to the old rule, which makes it tho first business of the "outs" to get tlie plaeesof the "Ins," and of the "ins" to stick to tlnv places they have got. The Opposition last night pro fessed the lenderest regard for the interests of the thousands of persons affected by tho Coalmines Bill, aud offered to weep with the labor party over tho fate to which they were consigning that luckless measure. It was carefully explained that their action was prompted by no hostility to tho bill, of which tliey were all warm friends and en thusiastic supporters. Tliey did not love coal-iniuing regulations less; they loved of fice more, and were unwilling to let any chances of seizing it slip. And Air. Lyne expressed himself as quite charmed with tlie rosiuess of the prospect. He rominded tho House that before to-day a Government had been successfully ejected from office over the question of a piano. The contem plation of that fact seems to have inspired him with tlie highest hope; if a mere mis understanding about a musical instrument could be turned to sucli spleudid account by an Opposition leader, who would say what lie might not make out of a matter like the historic and comprehensively cursed Dean ease? He warned tlie Government to beware, .and before treating his attempt lightly, to recollect what hud happened to their predecessors, who, in the mUlst of their pride, wout down over the piano. Of course, tlie fortune of political war is always un certain, and it is just possible, in view of Hie piano precedent so jubilantly quoted by Mr. Lyne, tlint ho might put tills, or any, Goveriiinout out by means of a liddle or a concertina, let alone a Dean Commission. And if he thinks the opportunity good enough, there is nothing to stop him from trying his luck. A more astute leader, how ever, would possibly not have dragged in that piano, or allowed people to see where the suggestion for tlie present astonishing move ment of the Opposition came from. It may at once he admitted that the fees drawn by tlie Dean Commission amount to a questionable charge upon the taxpayers of tills country. They may he iu excess of any reasonable estimate of the value of the work done, aud that tlie commissioners and others should have the right to dip their hands so deeply into tlie State Treasury at a time when, for sheer economy's sake, scores of faithful public servants are being cut adrift, is open to inquiry. But the Government may not he much more responsible for it than the Opposition. It was from Mr. Lyne's side of tlie House that tlie llrst demand for the appointment of tlie Dean Commission came, and in yielding to It the Government did what, under the cir cumstances of tlie time, was admittedly a public duty. Having appointed the commis sion, tliey had to pay it, and disproportion ate as tlie amount may he, it is no more than what usage empowered those who got the appointments to demand. On a former occasion, wlicn an attempt was made to re sist a similar claim for double fees by com missioners, who had divided the day's sit ting into two, it proved unsuccessful. One of the clnlinants took liis case before tlie Law Courts, and got a verdict, under which tlie Government had to pay the full amount, with costs. In face of that precedent, there may have been no alternative in the present instance but to pay the full fees as demand ed. The Government may have been guilty of an oversight when appointing the com mission in not having an express stipula- tinti mrnlnaf i1nnlii>otnr1 -fnACt U'llloll YMIllfl have obviated the difficulty, but the public demanded experts, whose time was of groat value in tho open market, and the question is— Could men of that type have been ob tained under sueli conditions? A certain ability commands a certain price, and tlie fee per day, whether it covered two sittings or one, held within tlie specified time, might have come to the same thing. This, how ever, will hardly -apply to other pickings that come out of tlie commission, and which appear to have no justification beyond a technical rigfit to enforce tlieui. The Go vernment will have to explain how that right arose, hut whatever the explanation may he, the proof will remain that the whole financial basis of these commissions requires altering. But even supposing there had been a cul pable oversight on the part of the Govern ment in not drivlug a better bargain — and nothing worse is alleged— surely that would constitute uo reason for suddenly wrecking the business of tlie session, and plunging the country into tho turmoil of a political crisis. The present Government havo been put In power by tlie country for a distinctly specified purpose. It was not a question of personal favor to 0110 party more than an other, such as used to he the case iu this colony before the lines of political cleavage took their present form. The object was to carry into effect a clear-cut policy, upon which work tlie Government are now ac tively and honestly engaged. The Opposi tion object to that policy, and if they get Into power, would, unless tliey proved re creant to their own faitli, have to imme diately set about reversing it. Yet because the Government are accused of having blun dered in a mere incidental act of adminis tration, having no connection with their po litical programme, tlie House is asked to turn tliem out, and put the Opposition in their places. Viewed in the light of simple common sense, such a proposal, coming from its present source, and hacked up by the timely reminder about what once happened to a Government before through a dispute over a piano, lias all the appearance of bur lesque. It goes without saying that the hope of tlie Opposition Is centred in the xiossi- bllity of detaching the labor party from the Government, and inducing them to turn right round and support what they havo beeu specially elected to oppose. The grounds of that expectation have yet to he divulged. Whether any count of noses pre ceded tlie tabling of Air. Lyne's motion, or, if so, to what extent It is reliable, must remain for the present mere matter of con jecture. One tiling, however, the Govern ment should iusist upon— tlint is, that the de lay of business resultiug from this move ment, whatever it may mean, shall ho made as short as possible. The question at issue is a very simple one— whether at the present stage of affairs tlie two political parties should change sides. It should require no prolonged oratory to enable tlie House to kuow its mind about that. 