OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Parliament has been getting a considerable amount of diversion, and not a little smart verbal feud, out of the discussion on the Estimates, which has engaged attention since my last. The hottest exchange followed an eruption of that (for many years) extinct political volcano Mr. Francis Long- more-the chosen of Dandenong. How this re-animated putrefaction got back into the House is one of those things which no fellow can understand unless he knows something of the wire-pulling which goes on behind the scenes. The fact is that Mr. Francis Longmore was elected as a pis alter, because no one else came forward to contest the seat against Mr. Keys, who had for many reasons lost touch with his constituents. At the last moment Long- more announced himself as a candidate, and the people elected him, not that they loved Longmore, but that they wanted to Blute Keys. Since his return to the House he has not ceased to snap, and snarl and growl, not at the Opposition, but at the Ministry he is supposed to support, On this occasion he carried his criticism as candid friend to the extent of denouncing the Minister of Customs as the aider and abettor of thieves and robbers in connection with the collection of the stock tax, There is no love lost between Mr. Longmore and Mr. Best. Each one is to the other like the proverbial red rag to a bull, and when Mr. Best rose to reply he simply pulverised the Dandenong fossil by declaring him to be the shamelesS author of " lying and untruthful statements that disgrace the records of the House." He begged him, as the first favour he had ever asked from him, to cross the floor of the Chamber and sit in opposition, evidently feeling like Canning when he wrote : Give came the avowed the erect the manly for ; Bold I can meet perhaps may turn the blow ; But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send. Save, save, O save me from the candid friend. Of course the Minister's remark had to be withdrawn, but the cheers which greeted it from every part of the House told how thoroughly the members of every section were in accord with him. There is, however, this excuse for Longmore ; he is very bilious, and he knows there is not the ghost of a chance of his ever seeing the inside of that chamber as a member again, SO he has to get rid of as much acid secretion as the time at his disposal will admit. The other items of political interest have been, first, the introduction of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill, which proposes adult suffrage on its widest basis, without regard to BOX, and restricts the elector to one vote, to be cast in the district in which he is resident. Thus, as practically all city people engaged in business live out in the suburbs, Melbourne will, in the event of such a bill passing, be represented by the caretakers of the premises, its vagrants, and its criminal classes. But the bill has not yet passed, nor is it likely to pass. Sensation No. 2 is that Parliament has been and gone and done it in connection with the Factories Act, and that the measure must be amended even before it comes into operation. The battle of the half-holiday is raging very bitterly, and the suburban shopkeepers are declaring they are ruined by the restrictions imposed, but the big difficulty is in the furniture trade. Remember that Boards representative of employers and employed are to meet to fix working conditions and the minimum wage, and remember, too, that I have told you how one Chinaman constitutes a factory, so that they may firk him and settle him, and regulate him, and whitewash him to their hearts' content, Each factory send its representative to the Board, and suddenly it is discovered that the despirred Chow-every one of him being a factory is right on top, Instead of being regulated he has been constituted the regulator, and an amending bill is in contemplation to prevent the engineer being hoist with his own petard. The curious case against Lieut. Colquhoun, H.M.V.S. Nelson, has resulted in a fine of £100, and a notice of appeal to the Supreme Court. In course of the case it was made abundantly clear that the whole thing was a plant sprung on the defendant for revengeful motives. Lieut. Colquhoun refused to sail in the Victoria with a man named Ross as chief engineer. The man was therefore rated as second engineer and discharged in West Australia. He, out of spite, gave information to Detective Christie, but though this information was acted upon, the prosecution refused to produce Rosa in the witness-box, and he has left the colony. Another peculiar fact about the affair is that while the Secretary of Customs, Dr. Wollaston, declined to recommend the prose- cution, the Minister stepped in and ordered it himself. I told you about the dog show in my last, and now I have an echo from the dog show to transmit you. It is not often that the humble reporter gets at the high and mighty editor, especially if the latter happens to be of that exalted order known as editor-in-chief, ie , one who takes all the coin and all the kudos, while he has others to do the work. Therefore, when the lowly ink slinger does get at the lordly impersonation of the potent plural it is an incident to be recorded. Thus it was The reporter entered a dog in the '95 BLOW and won a special prize, value 2gna., which chanced to be presented by the great E.NG. and when he received that prize he found it to be a pair of plush wall brackets ! Please picture a dog fancying reporter with a pair of plush wall brackets ! and then bracket him in your imagination with the bookmaker who has just been presented with a Bible. But the owner of the prize dog was a God-fearing reporter (such curiosities are sometimes discoverable) and he didn't swear once. He didn't even dance on the brackets and devote the donor to all the devils infernal, or otherwise speak unadvisedly with his tongue, No, but he thought a lot, and decided that he would not disgrace his dog by ever letting him see the kind of prize he had won, Ho he chucked the things upon a shelf and let them lie, This year he was giving a hand with the catalogue, and found there was but one entry in a certain class, and the owner of the exhibit was the editor in-chief. Like a flash the inspiration came, and he gave a special prize, value 2gns., for that class, and as he watched the winner's face receiving back those brackets he chuckled with demoniacal glee, and wheeled out, Haddon there, your Honor 1 " Fashionable theatricals are becoming very popular hero just now. Last week a society Bet produced Sweet Lavender for two nights running to crowded houses at Hawthorn in aid of the local Ladies' Benevolent Society. Mr, Robert Brough holds the Australian rights of the piece, and he had given his consent to its production. The ladies were very good, especially Miss Lily Blair, the clever daughter of that old literary war horse David Blair, and Mrs. Mooney, playing Miss and Mrs. Gilfillan respectively, but the men were read and sorry sticks, with the exception of Dick Phenyl. You state there is a considerable difference between Melbourne Muffs and Launceston Muffs, a far greater difference than is expressed by the capital letter. This coming week a still more select society set are to produce The Parvenu at Lady Clarke's town house, Cliveden in aid of the fund for the erection of a fever ward to the Melbourne Hospital. Several of the Government House party are to take part in the show, and Lord and Lady Brassey are to be present. Again Mr. Brough has generously placed the play at their disposal. The event is awaited with considerable social interest, and the chances are that amateur theatricals will go on wheels for some time just to try and keep up with the cycling mania. Our Victorian husbands who feel that their marital position is not sufficiently assured are rather concerned over two recent decisions of our Supreme Court. A bucolic named Patton advertised for a wife with 1200, and a city siren offered who had only £100. They were married at a registry . office, and the woman straightway repented of her bargain in a double sense, for she deserted her husband outside the door, and not only refused to live with him, but refused to pay the £100. Patton first sued for the money, and was non-suited, as it was held that no action would lie. Then he tried to obtain possession of his wife, and again the Courts refused to give him any assistance. In a second case a man named Richardson sought a divorce from his wife, a concert singer, on the ground of misconduct, and the rule nisi was refused because the judge said he should have controlled his wife, and prevented her leaving home. The position, therefore, is this Marriage is a civil contract binding on one side, but not on the other. If the man leaves his wife he may be sued for maintenance or arrested for deser- tion ; but if the woman leaves her husband the latter has no remedy, and can claim no authority over her, as was held in the English cause celebre, Jackson v. Jackson. He is bound, she is not, and his only redress is to sue for a divorce after the desertion has exceeded three years, and then it may be refused because he has not exercised a control over his wife's actions, which the law refuses to give him. Verily, as Bumble tersely put it, " The law is a hares." The Goodwin season at the Princess is drawing to its close, the bill for this the last week being The Nominee, a farcical comedy, in which the clever principal and his really capable company are seen to the best advantage, it is a feast of fun from the rising of the curtain to the down of the Barrie, and it is none the less welcome because it is an old friend, the Candidate, in an American garb, The Chinatown Company follows next Saturday, George Rignold is doing better with the old Romany Rye than he did with the new Cheer, Boys, Cheer. The piece is well staged and well played, and is drawing good houses. By the way, I notice as peculiar that while the American ladies of the Goodwin Co. speak English perfectly the English lady Mr. Rignold Ima introduced speaks it with an affectation that is an offence to an educated car. There is no " r " in her alphabet, and so honor is " bonah," labour " labor," word " road," and so forth. The Australian accent is an infliction to me, but while there is some excuse for the " mere colonial " there is none for the professional English elocutionist, who thus sauces and mangles her mother tongue I was told on remarking the accent, "01 that is the accent of good society," and my abrupt response was " Pardon me, it is merely the account of unmitigated noodledom." The Ovide Musin Concert Co. has been doing better business over the past week, and give their final on Thursday next. He is a violinist of wonderful digital dexterity, The same may be said of the pianist, Mr, Edouard Seh ruf, and Madame MuBin's vocal gymnastics are simply unsurpassable. She is, in her way, a prodigy, a musical miracle, and a splendid example of what the human voice can be trained to do. Spring has come in upon us suddenly. It put in an appearance so early that we winked the other eye and waited for the relapse. But it is the unexpected that happens. We thought we knew more than the almond blossoms when they opened their petals, but the heath has followed and the wattles are now in full bloom, so that, like the small boy intently watching the tin tack he has placed with its business end upper- most on the chair upon which the fat man is just about to sit down, we are justified in regarding it all as the sign of an early spring. 