HELEN'S LESSON. ' I want to consult you about _ something, mamma,' said tlie tall, dark-haired girl, drawing up a rather shabby chair beside her mother s, and glancing at a huge pile of stockings in the maternal . lap. ' Why ! have you all those to do ? Bhe queried. Mrs. Alston merely nodded, being apparently occupied by a knot in' her darning cotton. ' How sorry I am for you !' said the girl, tlasp ing her hands behind her head. . Her mother s glance wenc rrom icuiniuij knot to the lazy figure opposite, with a quizzical smile. ' I suppose the bulky letter you received this morning has something to do with your wish to speak to me,' she said, cheerfully. ' Yes. Of course you remember Ethel Fleming, the lovely girl who spent a week with me last August ?' 'I remember Ethel Fleming,' replied Mrs. Alston, rather drily. (t Obj you are prejudiced against iier, niamuja. I forgot that she displeased you by making fun of her sister's awkward ways. Cub really, she did not exaggerate one bit. I once met her sister, ana she is tho most — ' ' My displeasure was not based on the assumption that Miss Fleming was exaggerating,' said Mrs. Alston, quietly. ' Oh, well, mamma ! You are more particular than some people, you know. But just read this letter; I am sure Ethel is generous enough. She and her mother have invited me to spend a year with them in New York.' Mrs. Alston dropped her darning implements, and took the extended letter with a face of grave surprise, saying, ' A year? My dear, that would be rather a long visit, I think.' ' Of course it would be a long visit, m cither dear ; and just think what a benefit it would be to me to spend all that time in the best, the very best Bocioty in New York ! Wait, just let me read you what Ethel says : tt your mother, darling, that we will make a different girl of you. Nothing polishes one after graduation like contact with the best society, and of course this is impossible for you in yonr sleepy little town.'' Before Mrs. Alston could give an opinion as to this assertion, there was a tap at the door, and then a voice said : ' Miss Helen, will ye plaze to wash the silver as soon as ye can, sol may swape the room P' ?' Haven't you washed tho silver yet, Helen?' asked Mrs. Alston, glancing at the clock with surprise. Bother the silver !' exclaimed Helen. Since her graduation from school, four months ago, her -mother had asked her assistance in household affairs. She rose from her chair reluctantly. ''Wall, will you read the letter, and think it over while I am down-stairs, mamma?' Mrs. Alston assented, and Helen left the room. As she foamed the soapsuds into snowy masses, her youngest Bister, whe had been dressing a doll in the hall, came to the table and gazed into the little tub with fascinated eyes. 'Now beep away, Louise! I'm busy,' Helen said, sharply. ' I won't touch anythiug,' pleaded the child. _ ' But you make me nervous. Go and play with Ada,' ' Ada's gone to Marion's house,' objected Louise, ?whose waning vacation sometimes hung heavily on her hands. Helen dropped several knives by accident, and her face looked so severe as she picked them up that Louise hurriedly retired. ' You never want me to have any fun !' she called back as she reached the stairs, gaining courage in her retreat. A few days passed, during which Helen frequently made impatient inquiries of her mother, and was told in reply that ' I am thinking the matter over.' Finally, one evening Helen's father called her to him, where he sat reading the paper. ' Nelly,' he began, laying it down, ' your mother haB talked with me about your plan for making a long visit to your friend in New York. We think a change may possibly do you good in some respects ; but do you think you could be happy away from us for a whole year ?' 'Oh yes, papa! I moan,' Helen added, hastily, seeing her father's reproachful glance, ' that it would be impossible for me to be homesick with such people as Ethel Fleming and her mother ; though — of course — I — should miss you all,' she finished, rather lamely. ' You help your mother in the housework, do you not ? Sho would miss your assistance, I presume P' inquired Mr. Alston, with a keen look. ' Oh, I don't think so,' replied Helen, carelessly, heedless of the damaging admission. There was a moment's silence. ' Very well, my dear j if you can got your mothor's consent, you have mine.' Feeling vaguely disappointed in his daughter, Mr. Alston returned to hiB paper. To Helen's secret surprise and open joy, ' mothor's consent' was obtained, and rapturous letters passed between Ethel aud herself. Ada and Louise often came to tho door of Helen's room, aud lingered there as the preliminary packing progressed. On the afternoon of her departure Helen glanced up froiu tho troublesome task of folding her one silk waist so that it should be found free from wrinkles, to see Louise watching the process eagerly, while Ada looked on over Louise's shoulder. 'Do go away, children !' she exclaimed, pettishly. ' I declare I shall be glad when I get out of reach of your stares !' ' I don't see how they hurt you,' retorted Ada, hiding hor discomfiture under a toss of the head. ' Come, Louise, leave CrosBpatch to herself.' 'Childron are so impudent !' Helen muttered as they disappeared. Helen departed with rather superficial leave takings and soon after this letter came from her : __ „ September. 1804. Deaii Mamma— I arrived safely last Wednesday night, nnd found Mrs. Fleming a carriage waiting for me at the station. The coachman's livery is tuperb. Ethel and Mrs. Fleming welcomed me very cordially, nnd I feel quite at home. I wish you eould see Ethel's evening dresses ! Sho has seven —each one designed by an artist. Oh. how homc-madcisli my poor chiffon looks ! But Ethel is going to have her maid give it a few touches— a I- rench maid, you know. Ilinve a beautiful room here. There is a brass bedstead, with tho dearest luce draperies, nnd a full-length mirror— I don't have to prop back the glass with a hair-brush now I nm going to a matinue with Ethel, bo must olose.— nastily, Helen, More letters came, much after tho same sort' and thiB is ono which her mother wrote to her : ' BIy Dear 11ei,en. — Your loiters nre read with much interest. 1 ou seem to be having n delightful time I have a bit ol news for you. Your cousin, Agnes I,ind°av whom I believe you have never seen. is visiting us for' tin indefinite period Since her mother's dentil the lins been much alone, and now her father is obliged to go to California to loM alter some business interests there. lie wrote to ask if wo would tako charge of her until ho settles down ogain. S I hesitated at first, but as your room wos vacant, I thought t ' we might manage it. and I am very glad indeed tlint I decided as I did. for Agnes is a sweet girl, and has endeared herself to tis already. I do not know how long her stay will be as her lather's business ia rather complicated. Be sure of our interest in everything that ooncernB you my dear child, and writs as often as possible.— Your aOectionate mother. It was nj^Vtly two months afterward that this came from v ? v' February ? Deahest MoTiinn. i will he surprised to hear that I am coming liimir- Wiu.T^-yy. ly. Everything is over between Etliet and me. I no«cca in iier manner and In licr mother 8 eomo weeks oro, b,,i ,,'-?,£?- ?- 6i10w tluir feel ings so plainly that I can t stuy any ?Mrs. Fleming said yesterday, in a rounu«i,our^s.._ that sh' does not think Ethel nnd I nre congenial; is displeased because I could not help BhowuiKtlitti],tr'(iK&.. on one or two occasions shocked me. She augha ol 'ijvi^.. calls me ' provincial,' but I don t think she liked it. rightabout her, mamma ; she is not-such a nice girl ns 1 thounilt her. I will be home Tuesday. Your affeotionate daughter, Helen. Tho dusk was deepening on the day when Helen reached the home she had been so eager to leave, six months before. The lamps in the sitting room were lighted and burning steadily. Helen had a fantastic remembrance of the way they had^ often flared and smoked when thoy had been in her charge. A sweet-faced girl came forward as she entered the hall. Ada and Louise wore on either sido of her, their arm3 intertwined about her slender waist. ' I am so glad to see you, Cousin Helen !' she said, with a cordial kiss. Ada and Louise followed her example in silence. 'Thank yon,' Helen said, rathercoldly. ' Where is mamma ?' Mrs. Alston was already coming down the stairs. ' Sly dear Helen !' she said softly ; and the pressure of her motherly arms took a little of the Bore feel ing out of Helen's heart. 'Come, Ada! Come, Louise!' called Agnes, gaily. ' Let us curry sister's baggage to her room ; she must be tiiod.' Ab she spoke, she took tbe satchel and prepared to load tho way, while Ada followed with the umbrella, and Louise brought up the rear with the lunch- basket. Helen watched them ascend the stairs. ' Cousin Agnes seems quite at home,' she remarked to her mother. Mr3. Alston ignored the' tone in which this was said. ' I am sure you will like her,' she answered. ' But come up, dear, and rest awhile before dinner.' The trio of baggage-carriers were still in Helen's room when its owner entered. Ada Bidled toward tho door as Helen came in, and LouiBe hastily laid down the lunch-basket she was examining with a child's curiosity. Agnes was busily engaged in pouring water into the basin, and in laying out the toilet articles. They all wont out soon, and Helen, as she removed her wraps, looked about the room with a feeling of contentment that surprised herself. The girlish treasures it contained had never looked so pretty to her before. Perhaps it was because she felt that they were her own — a feeling she had been a stranger to of lata. When the dinner-bell rang hor cheeks grow red. ' I suppose papa will make jokes about me,' Bhe reflected. ' Before that Agnes, too !' But Mr. Alston made no jokes. Only there was an amused look on his face as he kissed his daughter. ' We are glad to get our girl back, eh, mamma?' he said. Helen's experiences — her pleasant ones, that is, for her unpleasant ones were not touched upon, much to her relief — were listened to with flattering attention ; but Helen herself felt dull and sore. Somehow her heart was strangely heavy as she noticed the littlo attentions paid her parents by her cousin. In the midst of her account of tho opera, Helen was really observing how deftly Agnes placed a shawl around her aunt's shoulders when Mrs. Alston felt a slight draught. She tried to smother a feeling of jealousy at the look which thanked her. The description of Ethel's birthday fete flagged a littlo as she watched Aernes rise from her seat to carry Mr. Alston's coffee-cup to him. He, too, thanked her with a smile. 'I didn't think papa and mamma liked to be fawned upon iu that way,' she thought, resent fully. After dinner ' -nily gathered in tho sitting room, Mr. Alsto. ... his evening paper, and his wife with her knitting in her ever-busy fingers. Helen retired to a dark corner, and sat looking at the family group, feeling like a disconsolate ghost revisiting its former haunts. Over in a corner of tbe old, cozy sofa, Agnes was hearing Ada and Louise recite, in a low voice, their lessons for the next day. By and by Mr. Alston looked over at AgneB. ' How's this ?' he inquired, good-humoredly. ' Where's our music to- night ?' ' I wish Cousin Helen would play for ns,' Agnes said, cordially. ' Thank you,' replied Helen with dignity ; ' I don't feel like playing to- night.' ' No, no,' remarked her father, lightly. 'Helen feelB insulted if I ask her to play my old favourites, and I confess I'm not up to Bach and Beethoven.' Agnes felt uncomfortable aB she took her place at the piano, but she did her best, and Helen had to acknowledge that her cousin's voice was a very sweet one. ' There ! What do you think of that, Nelly ?' asked Mr. Alston when the song was ended. ' Beautiful !' said Helen, briefly. ' But, Ada, do come away from the piano! I don't see how Agnes can play while you lean against her so.' ' Oh, it doesn't disturb me at all, thank yon,' soid Agnes, quickly, looking down with an encouraging smile at the culprit. For a week or two after, her arrival at home, Helen suffered jealous pangs as she saw how Agnes was relied upon by the household. Finally, from a mixture of feelings, she resolved to emulate her cousin, and began one Saturday morning by apply ing to Annie, at her customary lazy hour, for the mop and hot water. ' Sure the silver is all done,' was Annie's answer. ' Who did it ?' Helen inquired, rather un necessarily. 'Miss Agnes, bless her swate face!' replied Annie, with real feeling. With an uncomfortable sense that her help was rather superfluous, Helen went to the lamps, and discovered on examining them that they were full of oil, and had been freshly trimmed. Completely daunted, she sat down in front of the fire, and gazed into it frowningly. In a few moments Louise came into the room with a ribbon in her hand. Sho stopped short as sho caught sight of .Helen. '' What is it, Louise ?' asked her sister, making an effort to speak pleasantly. ' I thought Agnes was here,' Louise explained, hesitatingly. ' I want her to tie this for mo.' ' Come here ; I'll do it.' Louisn did not show much eagerness, but Helen tied on the ribbon with as much skill as she was mistress of. ' There, how is that ? she asked. Louise looked over her shoulder. ' Agnes makes shorter ends,' she said, with a dissatisfied expression. ' I like Agnes's way best.' Helen's face flushed, and tho bitterness in her heart welled over. Snatching off the sash, she thrust it iu Louise's hand and pushed her away. ' Go to Agnes, then, you ungrateful child !' she exclaimed, passionately ; and as Louise, with a scared face, left the room, Helen sank back in her chair and burst into tears of jealous anger and remorse. She saw that she had flung away the love offered to her, only to long for it when it seemed to bo given to some one else. A few moments later 'Mrs. Alston, passing through the hall, hoard a sound of sobbing, and came to learn tho cause. Helen raised her head as she heard the approaching footsteps, and tried to conceal her tears ; but it was of no use ; they broke out afresh as her mother bent over her. ' What is it, dear ?' Mrs. Alston whispered ; and the conviction so close to 5Men'a lipa found utterance. ' O mamma, Agnes has taken my placo ! No one cares for mo now !' Mrs. Alston understood. She said nothing until tho paroxysm of weeping was over, merely smooth ing tho dark hoad caressingly ; but when Helen was calm ngain she sat down beside hor and drew a letter from her pocket. ' Helen, dear, beforo I tell you about this letter, T want to assure you that some day you will look bnck and own how much happiness you owe to your cousin. Sho has tnugbt you, I think, a lesson that perhaps you havo needed, my child ; and it is not too late for you to profit by it. Just as much love, just as much admiration as she has gained' from us all i3 wailing for you, dear, if you will only £111 your place— for no one has taken it, Helen ; it has only stood empty. ' This letter is from Agnes's father. He is settled in California, and ia anxious to have Agnes join him ob soon as possible. The dear child is very happy about it; sho is writing to your uncle now. I am sure, you will mako tho remainder of her stay heie as pleasant as you eaa.' A week afterward Agnes went to her father. A remark made by Mr. Alston a few months later will perhaps show that Helen had learned hor lesson. It was called forth by somo slight service hia daughter had rendered him — slight, but performed with promptness and the heartiest good-will; Vi 'Mamma,' lie said to hiifwife with a meaning I don't think we miss Agnes half so much fraid wo Bhould.' I 