IMoveltet* WYTHRED'S WHARF. CHAPTER I. Between Thames-street and tho River Thames, upon spot on which the castle of an I'hi^lish monarch once stood, thero stands a lofty warehouse—so lofty that even at mid-day it throws Homo shadow awn the broad wharf below. it ia a busy scene ; for upon that silent highway, whero formerly tho gilded biuv<i3 of royalty glided to and fro with tM.^oes of dames and courtiers, black Barges now pass in slow procession, led by asthmatic lugs of tho moat democratic appearance. Here laughter seldom greets the ear ; the hoarse shouts are heard of bargo and lightermen, and tilts constant, trundling of iron trucks loaded with s icks, boxen and bales; but above all other noiso sounds the rattling chainworlc of hugo cranes when tho goods aro lifted into the air and swallowed up at some wide aperture upon one of tho numerous floors of tho warehouse—a warohouso which would seem to boast of unlimited accommodation ; for the unloading from tho lighters and the lifting of merchandise into ono storeroom or another go on day after day. Upon tho first fioor of this warehouse, looking out upon tho river, ia Mr. Lintock's office. Mr. Lintock is tho proprietor. Wythred's wharf and warehouse have been in the family for generations. Few richer men are to bo found thr.n John Lintock in the city of London ; and yet, as ho sat late one afternoon at his desk, this prince wharf-owner had a discontented, troubled look. His brow v/as deeply wrinkled, and the expression in his eyes was that of a man who wan constantly haunted by BOIMO distressful thought. A knock at his oflioo door, for no obvious rca3on. startled him. It wan growing dusky on tho river, and the men wero beginning to disperse for the night, ft wa3 duskier still in tho wharf-owner's room. Who's that ?" Mr. Lintock, halfrising, shaded his eyes with his hand. "Ducket?" " Yes, sir." "Ah, that's right. Woll, Ducket, What is it ?" Looking round the sombro room tho man sakl : "Shall I light your lamp, sir?" askod Ducket. " No, Ducket, I shall not need it tonight ; I am going home. Have you anything to say ?" Ducket was Mr. Lintock'a foreman. He was a broad-shouldered man, with largo limba and a great, honest faco. His figure was angular—a rather gaunt form, aggravated in its stoop by constantly bending to lift heavy weights. He had the keen, searching eyes of one long accustomed to the supervision of a hive of workmen. " You wished me to tell you, eir, when 1 saw Clogstoun again.'' " Well ?" said Mr. Lintock,, noticing some hesitation. " I have seen him." " About the wharf?" "No; he has given up coming here. He took the hint I gave him last time and has stopped coming this way, though 1 never thought ho would." "Where, then, did you see him?" asked Mr. Lintock. " On London Bridge. He was lounging thore, sir, leaning over the parapet. it was getting dark, and I saw him look at the warehouse and then into tho river, as if he had half a mind to drown himself. I'»n a-thinking, tir, that he's getting a bit daft." "A danger to himself," the wharf - owner answered thoughtfully. " And to others, sir," said the foreman, aignilicantly. " He's plotting. A man liko Clogstoun would stick at nothing, sir." " What do you mean by that, Ducket ?" Ducket twisted his cap in his hand and glanced out of the window upon the darkening river. " Plotting revenge," said he. " Eh r "Plotting revenge," repeated Duckot, with a quick look at his master. " Why, tiioso broken-djwn, drunken chaps liko 'Jlogsttoun, sir, haven't anything to lose— they set no value on life." "DJ you mean their own ?" " Aye, sir—noither their own nor other people's. You'll oxeuse me, sir ; but if you had seen the face of him—" The foreman stopped abruptly. Something in Mr-. Lintock'a faco alarmed him ; & keen stab could scarcely have produced u more sudden change. But tho startled repression passed before he could ask if his master wero ill. " Ducket," naid Mr. Lintock, rising from his chair, "if Clogstoun ever comes to the wharf yon have my leave to hand him over to ttio police. We must run no risks in a placo like this. I am glad to see that you aro alive to the fact that the man i3 a dangerous character." As he drovo that evening toward London Bridge Station through the. lamp-lit streets,' Mr. Lintock peered restlessly out of the carnage window ; and in tho lar^e thoroughfares, where men with uncouth, dissipated faces laughed and talked at half-open tavern doors, ho looked about nim with tho horror of ono who djeadod to vocogniso sorno repulsive face among them. It was not until tho wharf-owner tiad passed into the crowded station that ne seemed to throw olf in some degree Jus curiosity about hia fellow-rwcn. Mr. Liutock lived at Greenwich, and the train was on !h« point, of staning. AN he stopped into an empty compartment and tho porter was closing tho door, a young man came up out of breath and stepped in after him. By tho dim light they recognised each other aa friends, and a warm exchange of greetings followed. " Why, Overbook, what takes you to Greenwich, eh V" said the wharf-owner. " 1 waa coining to visit you." " To diuo with ua V" " YOS." "I am delighted to hoar it." A matter of business between Mr. Liutock and Percy Ovurbeck had originally brought them together. Overbook had taken part of a house in Trinity Square as a junior partner in a Hamburg linn, and often had occasion to laud gooda at Wythred's wharf. Mr. Lintock, in his younger days, had known Overbock'a parents ; and lie had welcomed to a placo on hia hearth this son of his old friends, aa soon as ho presentod hia letter of recommendation ; and so it camo to pass that tho young Hamburg merohant quickly learned to realise that Mr. Lintock had a faacinating daughter. Nor did ho despair of some day winning Bortha Lintock'a hand. , Tho Irain was in rapid motion. The two friends sitting opposite eacli other, woro chatting pleasantly,when a startling ch.mgo camti over Mr. Lintock'a face. Tiie expression was that of abject terror. \Vi;,h his eyes fixed as though ho were fascinated — ixed upon the further window of tho carriage—tho wharf-owner sat pale and speechless. Overbeek could not withdraw hia gnze ; and so completely did Mr. Lintock's face and attitude impress him, that for the moment, he imagined something supernatural h.id appeared to him. Turning his head to follow tho direction of the wharf-owner's eyes, Overbook was surprised to seo no phantom—nothing visible beyond the window but black night. Overbeek placed hia hand on Mr. Lintock'a arm. " Aro wo in danger ? You stare aa though you anticipated something terrible. If there is any real—" Tho older man raised his hand to silence his companion, at the same time covering hia eyos with the other aa if to shut out some repulsive sight. " Thoro is no danger—no danger now. ft has gone by." This answer, in Overbeck's excited state of mind, did not satisfy. "Thero was danger, then? If it waB real,'and not mere fancy—" It, waa real. It's lucky wo mot to-night. Your preaenco has saved my life." " In what possible way?" " Do not question me now," said Mr. Lintock, with great earnestness. "1 saw, as distinctly as I see you at this moment, a f ice at that farther window—a face that has haunted me for more than a year." Overbeek sprang up to go to the carringe door ; but lua companion placed a restraining hand upon his arm. " Don't stir ! The faco has gone—it would be madness!" Tho engine shrieked, and tho carriages began to slacken pace. In another minute the train had come to a standstill in Greenwich Station. CHAPTER IJ. The Lintock mansion, in the neighborhood of Greenwich Park, waa surrounded by a high garden wall. The great iron gate, leading into a largo courtyard, might have been tho entrance to a prison, and its gloomy aspect filled Percy Overbeck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown open, and ho stepped with his host into a broad, welllighted hall, all sonso of dread was instantly dismissed, for at tho foot of the oaken staircase stood Bertha Lintock. Sho was a tall, graceful girl of nineteen ; and sho always looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at theso momenta of greeting with her father ; not that her dark eyes were wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they met his. But sho simply said in a charming tone of well- feigned surprise : " Mr. Overbeek. How very kind this is !" as sho took his proffered hand. Overbeek could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glance at her father's faco, that sho guessed something had recently upset him. Was it possible that such a trouble as this, which ho had accidentally discovered, weighed upon her father's mind ? Bertha's first words, when they were alone in the drawingroom before dinner, " Have you marked the change in my father ? To night he does not seem the same man," convinced Overbeek that she had been told nothing. " Ho is greatly changed," replied the young man. "I am much concerned about him." " Can anything be done ?" "I sincerely hope your father will talk to mo of himself this evening. I shall draw him out," ho added, laughingly, to reassure her, " over our cigar." Bertha's eyes expressed her sense of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintock was deeply abstracted ; in fact, he left Bertha to do all the talking ; so she and Percy conversed together to their hearts' content. Aa soon as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbeek stood holding open tho door, the girl gave him one of those appealing looks aa she passed out which he remembered long after. "Now that we are alone," said Mr. Lintock, " I will ask your attention for a few minutes. I want to tell you of the face that haunts mo. I have intended for some time speaking to you. The incident in tho train to-night has decided me." Overbeds, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar, and looking attentively at .Mr. Lintock, said : " 1 am deeply interested." After a few minutes' pause, the wharfowner inquired : " Do you remember, Overbeek, an individual of the name of Clogstoun ?" Overbeek shook his head. " lie was a workman on the wharf. I dismissed him for insobriety." '•A dark person, witli black, hungry eye:; V asked Overbeek. "Tha;'s tho man, as you uecribe him — that's tho man whose face I saw at tho carriage window to-night,." The younger man's handsome eyes were fixed S('archin<_ r !y upon his host. kt Not really V" " Ye-, wh.i-. oln : ?" " I thought you might mean his ghost." said tho young man, smiling. " I mean the man's face. I have no belief in disembodied snirita." " But,'' said Overbeek, "unless the man <'iog>toun is dead—" "Ho is not dead. He threatens mo"; ho has done so for months. I seo his face every when—every wlu re," said Mr. Lin : took, glancing uneasily round tho room. Fo: - a moment the wharf-owner placed his hand across hia eyes, as ho had done in the railway carriage ; hut quickly recovering himself he said : 4 1 Clogat. >un had often been employad on the wharf, and as of ton discharged, owing to his tipsy ami quarrelsome habits. He insulted everyone he came across, when excited by drink, until it was thought ho must be'out of his mind. When at last I refused to listen to hia appeal to be given another chance, he muttered, 4 You shan't ruin me for nothing, Mr. Lintock ; you had better think this over.' I did not like his look then ; thore was a atrange expression in his eyes—a look that seemed to me to contain a touch of insanity. A few daya afterward he accosted me in the street, loaded me with insult, and vowed he would not rest until he had taken my life." Overbeek started up with an angry exclamation on his lips. " The man ia mad!" " [ treated this threat at first as the silly utterance of a drunkard," continued Mr. Lintock. "It gave me at the moment no real uneasiness. But aa time went by, his conduct began to alarm me. He again accosted me, and became more insolent. I warned him that I should be forced, if he did not cea3o to annoy me, to take tho matter before a magistrate." " Ah ! you did right. I should have done so at once, though." 4 4 But that has no effect. He still dogs my steps if I venture out after dark. I seo his eyes fixed on me at every corner ; and unless something is dono to put a stop to it I shall be ill. My duties at the warehouse are a sufficient wear and fear without Clogstoun s wretched face threatening mo night and day." . Overbeek was pacing up and down the room. He could not rest with the thought of Mr. Lintock insulted and harassed at every turn. 4 4 Does anyone know of this affair except ourselves ?" he asked. The wharf-owner reflected a moment. 4 1 Ducket, I think, suspects something ; nobody else." 4 4 Not even your daughter ?" " I have never spoken to her on the subject," said Mr. Lintock, evasively. After a moment's pause, Overbeek asked : 4 4 Can you givo me Clogstoun's address ?" The wharf-owner looked up sur- prised. 1 4 It never occurred to me that he had any. In what hole or corner of London would he lodge ? Ilis appearance was no bett er when I saw him last than that of a vagabond or tramp. 1 4 4 He must be known to the police." 4 4 !So 1 hope, for he has fallen very low. He was last seen by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from the account he gave me, suicide or something worse. Is there a crime that one so profligate would not commit ? The thought makes me shudder! If you had seen hia face to-night, the dread would have laid hold of you as it has of me— that my life is in danger." He spoke in a very earnest tone, but there was no trace of agitation in his manner. His words, 4 1 My life is in danger," seemed to express the conviction of a sound-minded man capable of maturo reflection. u You aro seriously cf opinion, Mr. Lintock, that the face at the carriage window was real, and not imaginary ?" Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bent upon the ground, replied : " That ia a question to which I wish. Overbeek, I could give you a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? The face, as I tell you, threatens me momentarily—so unexpectedly ; it 8eems--only too real." Then he suddenly added with a searching glance, 1 4 You do not think my brain affected ? Well, well, it is not surprising if you do. I have enough worry at the wharf, sometimes, without this one, to drive me crazy." Ovorbeck promised to take the matter seriously in hand ; and after some further conversation on the subject, of a reassuring nature, Mr. Lintock proposed that they should join Bertha in the drawing-room. She was at the piano, but she rose when they camo in, gave them tea, and paid some delicate little attentions to her father. Then she returned to the piano, and began to play a sonata that seemed like an accompaniment to her dreamv thoughts. Presently Percy Overbeek went softly to a chair beside her, for the wharf-owner had fallen asleep. 4 4 He has spoken to you," said the girl, still accompanying her dream. 4 4 Has he not?" Her face was troubled, and teara were in her dark eyes. 4 4 We have talked the matter over. He ha3 told me everything. Do not be distressed ; there is no need. Have confidence in me, will you, as an old friend'?' There was little occaaion to have asked thia. Bertha's face, though troubled, had not lost its trustfulness. 4 4 Why should you doubt that?" was the girl's reassuring reply. " For weeks past I have wished that my father would apeak to you. I knew that something disturbed him. But he is so considerate ! He has done his best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm me." 4 4 It is about a discharged workman— it is best that you should know—a fellow who threatens your father. The affair has unnerved him ; but I hope to put matters right. You are not frightened, I hope 'I" 4 4 Now ; not now," said Bertha in a low voice—" not now, that you are lifting half the burden off our shoulders. How good it is of you !" She was irresistible. Overbeek answered in his earnest way : " There is no burden that I would not bear for your sake." "For me V* 4 4 Yes, Bertha. I love you." There was a flutter of the dark eyelashes, but the girl did not raise her'eyes. The accompaniment to her dream was almost inaudible now. Was the reality— the conviction of her love for Percy Overbeek dawning upon hor 1 The sonata was finished, and Mr. Lintock awoke out of his nap. It was time for Overbeek to bid his friends goodnight, for he intended to return to London. Ho caught a swaet, timid glance from Bertha ns ho took his leave. As tne train . was approaching London Bridge, and the glow of lamplight is. wide and narrow thoroughfares threw a J red reflection over the city, Overbeek I thought of the countless mysteries that | lay hidden in dnrk courts and alleys, in , tho midst of all this glare. Was the face that haunted his friend in one of these shadowy by-ways f CHAPTER III. Tho visit to Greenwich of P^rey Overbeck had effected a noticeable change in the Wharf-owner'B state of mind. The haunted look left him, his expression was altogether less careworn, and it would almost seem aa if those strange forebodings which had lately perturbed his brain troubled him no longer. His interest in a:l the business of the wharf returned and Ducket found him one evening working in grim earnest at his desk. " Well, Ducket," said Mr. Lintock, aa tho foreman came in, lantern in hand, 4 to liyht hia lamp, 4 who ia on duty tonight ?" 4 4 I'm on duty, sir, till 12 o'clock." "Not alone?" 4 4 Why, yea. The fact in, sit, I'd a special object in relieving the night watchman." The wharf-owner's glance expressed hia surprise. 4 4 What objeot could you possibly have ?" Ducket, still occupied with the lamp, answered without lifting his eyes : 4 1 I am expecting Mr. Overbeek." " And what hour ?"' Ducket handed the wharf-owner a slip of paper. A single line, which he recognised as Percy Overbeck's writing, ran as follows :— 4 1 Ten P. M. Wait at wharf. P. O.'' Mr. Lintock's face while reading this undeiwenta change; but recovering himself quickly he inquired : 4 1 Do you know why Mr. Overbeek is coming to night ?" The lamp was now lighted, and Ducket, while placing it upon the wharf-owner's deak and adjusting the shade, replied : 4 4 It's about Clogstoun. So I naturally suppose ; for there ain't anything else I can think of that would bring him here at that time o' night. The note, just as you see it, was given to me this afternoon." " Who brought it ?" 4 4 One of Mr. Overbeek's clerk's." The wharf-owner looked thoughtful. 4 4 I have plenty to keep me busy till ten o'clock," said he, throwing a glance 4 over the papers before him. 4 Mr. Overbeck is coming, depend upon it, about Clogstoun. I shall wait and see him." Then taking up his pen ho added, 4 4 You'll be within call if I want you, Ducket?" 4 4 You've only to touch ike "bell, sir ; I shall be sure to hear/' It was the first time for many weeks that Mr. Lintock had worked alone in the counting-house after dnrk ; and it \va» not surprising that the dead silence and solitude, when he occasionally stopped and looked up from hia de3k, should remind him of the threatening fa?e of Clogstoun. He had dismissed the clerks, for he had no need of assistance ; every detail referring to the wharf was entered in the books upon the shelves around him. Still the ailence seemed each moment more oppressive. It waa paat nine. What could Ducket be doing so noiselessly down stairs, he wondered 1 It was so strange he had neither heard the sound of his voice nor footsteps. Then he 4 thought, 4 If Ducket would only sing or move about the building the sense of loneliness and dread which is creeping over me would be removed." He tried manfully to dismiss this feeling and to find absorption in the work before him ; but there now rose in his mind, more vividly than ever, this haunting face. He imagined the figure of Clogstoun, as Ducket had described it, leaning over the parapet of the bridge. Waa the man there to-night, he wondered? He could not resist the temptation to stretch out his hand and draw the curtain back from the window and look out upon the dark river. The lights flickered on the bridge ; but they were too dim to have enabled Mr. Lintock to distinguish one figure from another. Yet he fancied that, dark as it was, he could discern a shadowy form standing near the centre of the bridge, and that the form resfir.bled that of the man with whose face he waa so painfully haunted. He dropped the curtain' with an angry gesture. 4 1 What if Clogstoun is there ?" he exclaimed aloud. But the wharf owner's hand trembled now ; he could not write. The black horrors which he had resolutely overcome began again to crowd on his brain like imps of darkness ; the more he tried to chase them from him, the more they swarmed. His imagination awakened into terror at last. A firm conviction took hold of him ; it was like a nightmare which no strength of will could drive from his brain ; Clogstoun was staring at him through the glass partition in the cleik's office like a cat watching its prey ! Mr. Lintock sprang to his feet. At this moment the gate bell in the courtyard of the warehouse began to ring. CHAPTER* IY. After lighting Mr. Lintock's lamp, Ducket had descended to the basement on a level with the wharf. It was a huge storeroom ; its area represented the dimensions of the entire warehouse ; and although there were piles of merchandise on all sides of the iron pillars which supported the floor above, its great size was still apparent, for there were avenues in every direction between these goodly piles wide enough for the trucks to run to and fro. Near the river entrance to this storeroom stood a wooden shed ; it had a door facing the main avenue, and a small window on each side. On the door was written "Superintendent'sofiice." Ducket raised the latch and stepped in. There was a desk under one of the windows, and under the other stood a stove with a funnel disappearing through a hole in the wood-work. The foreman drew up a chair in front of this stove, and having looked at the fire and fed it with charcoal, he began to appease his appetite out of a pail and a blackened tin can with a cork in it. He ate his supper with apparent relish ; but the mixture in the can did not seem to his taste, for he rejected it with a grimace after the first draught. 4 4 I'd rather drink a pint of senna," he declared, driving the cork home emphatically with the palm of his hand, " than another drop of that stuff." He lit his pipe with an air of resignation, leaned back in his chair and stared perplexedly at the tin can. Had anyone be'jn playing him a trick ? He wa» be- ginning to get HO sleepy that the walls of tho shed appeared to expand, and his head to grow proportionately larger. It was a maddening sensation. He tried to throw off his drowsiness, for he was the sole watchman in the building. If any catastrophe occurred the blame would fall on his shoulders. Ducket took his lantern and went out. Ho began to pace up and down the centre avenue between pyramids of bales. No matter whether he) turned to the right or left he was always becoming more and more impressed with the fact that uncertainty lay beyond. This soon ended by the lantern's falling from hia hand and going out ; then he sank on the ground with his head resting on a hard bale. Was he dreaming t It seemed to Ducket as in a dream that someone glided past him like a ghost, and that a light flashed before his eyes ; thi n an interval of darkness and confusion followed, until he awoke with a start, strongly convinced that he had been roused by the clang of the warehouse bell. Could it be Overbeck at the gate, already ? It was sorely not ten o'clock ! The foreman struggled to his feet and groped his way toward the superintendent's office. As he went along with, outstretched hands he experienced a dull singing in his ears. Was it the gate-bell vibrating in his bewildered brain ? Ducket found the slove fire Btill burn- ing, though low. He took a lantern from the Wall, and lighting it glanced anxiouslv at the clock. 4 4 Half-past ten!" he exclaimed ; "why—" It tens the warehouse bell. It was no dream now ; it sounded like an alarm, it waa so incessant. Still half dazed with tho oppressing effect of hia unnatural Bleep, Ducket hurried across the yard, and unlocking the side door leading into Thames street, found himself face to face with Percy Overbeek. With an air of suppressed impatience he aaid: 4 4 Why are you so dilatory in opening the door ?" 4 4 1 only heard the bell a minute ago, sir." 4 4 How's that? 1 have been ringing at short intervals for noarly half-au-hour. Is there anything wrong ?" Ducket looking puzzled at Overbeck's excited facc answered : 4 1 1 very much susp^tt that—" 4 4 What ?" 4 4 That I've c^eri drugged. That's why I couldn't come. I fell asleep ; the noise of the 5vsll awoke me." Tna excited expression on Overbeck's face increased. 4 1 Are you here alone 4 4 I'm the only one on duty ; but I'm not alone in the wnrehouse," said the foreman ; 41 Mr. Lintock ia here." Ov rbeck hurriedly demanded : " Where ?" 4 4 In hi8 office up stairs. I left him there busy writing at his desk." "When?" 4 4 Some hours ago—before I became drowsy." 4 4 Hours ago ? Show the way as quick as you can to Mr. Lintock's room." Ducket, still more perplexed at Overbeck's manner, hastened up-stairs without a word. He was fe'zed \Vith a dread- ful sense of apprehension ; and on opening Mr. Lintock's door, he uttered a suppressed cry. The wharf-owner's room was empty ; but the lamp upon his desk was burning, and the light thrown upon his papers showed them in disorder. An inkstand had been upset upon the table, and the ink was trickling down into a pool upon the floor. Overbeek stepped forward, took a quick glance round him. Then ho looked keenly afc Ducket. 4 4 Clogstoun has been here. He and Mr. Lintock have met." The foreman's face expreaaed a lcok of horror. 4 4 Now, Ducket," said Percy Overbeek, placing his hand upon the foreman's 4 shoulder, 4 nerve yourself. Let us search the warehouse." The warehouse was explored from roof to basement. The foreman who had known every turning among the dark lanes of merchandise since boyhood,' took the lead, flashing his lantern into every nook and corner. On each floor they called on Mr. Lintock loudly by name ; but only an echo of their voices reached them. They 8tood once more within the wharf-owner's room. " Ducket," said Overbeek, "cast your eyes carefully around. Is anything missing ?" The light from the foreman's lantern moved over the floor and then slowly round the walls. Suddenly it stopped behind Mr. Lintock's chair. 4 4 Do you see that peg, sir V " Yes." 4 4 That key should be there. It's gone." " What key ?" 4 4 The key, sir, to that private door ;" and Ducket pointed t<* a door opposite the window. 4 4 But," said Overbeek, " that leads out upon the wharf. And," he added, turning the handle, " it's locked. What can it mean ?" 4 4 It means," said the foreman with sudden inspiration, 4 4 that, dead or alive, master has gone out by that door.'' Without loss of time, by means of tho superintendent's key, they made their way out upon the landing-stage. They looked eagerly across the dark river. The tide was lapping monotonously against the sides of the wharf ; chains were rattling, boats and barges moored alongside creaked and strained at their ropes. Presently Ducket, who, went flashing about with his lantern, cried out : " There's a boat gone !" " Ah! Is the tide ebbing ?"; 4 4 Ay, sir, ebbing fast." Overbeek reflected a moment; then he said : " Give me the lantern." Ducket obeyed. 4 1 Now," added Overbeds, '"unfasten a boat, and let ua row down tho stream. We are on the track, I hope, at last." The foreman quickly set to work. There was a boat suited to their purpose lying outside a barge ; it was soon loosened and ready to start. 4 4 I'll take the sculls," said Overbeek, as he stepped into his place. " You shall steer. You know thia part of the river better than I do. Are you ready ?" 4 4 Right with the tide, Mr. Overbeek V 4 4 Yes, by all means ; with the tide." And so, with Ducket grasping the rudder and Overbeek the sculls, the boat moved out into midstream. On they went with the ebbing tide, under the black shadows of huge ships and towering warehouses until Ducket's lantern was a mere speck of gliding light in the darknea*. Bertha Linbt/C'rf, although made aware in a message from her father that he should not return until late, began to grow anxious towards midnight,. Sho paced up ar.d down her room, and constantly listened for the sound of wheels in tho carriage-drive ; the unpleasant affair, of which Percy Ovorbeck had spoken to her reassuringly, recurred to her mind. Though trusting in Percy, she could not conquer her strong presentiment of danger; for, when a child, Wythred's wharf had made a deep impression upon Bertha. While walking at her father's Bide through the great sombre store-rooms, they had reached some passage— walled with bales of merchandise— so^ark and narrow that she shrunk back with sudden fright, and would go no further. That was her first visit, and she had never entered it since. Presently, Bertha heard a hurried step outside the house. She ran to the window and threw it open. Overbeek stood below, 4 4 Percy, has anything happened ?" she asked. " Where is my father ?" 4 4 He ia here, Bertha—at the gate. You havo no need to be alarmed." Bertha hastened into the hall. Percy Overbeek met her at the door, and they went into the dining-room together. 4 4 Your father lias been again seized with that odd fancy," P. rcy hastens to tell hor. 4 4 He believe^ that while sealed in his ofiice this evening,Clogstoun threatened him. Panic-stricken, he escaped from thia phantom, or reality, down his private staircase hading to the wharf. Here, groping his way to the barges, he dropped into a boat, and, setincj it adrift, went out with the tide. Ducket and I—to cut along story short— overtook the boat, and—' At this moment Mr. Lintock slowly entered the room, leaning on Ducket's arm. His clothes were wet and beppattered with mud. Seeing his daughter, he stepped toward her, but losing strength, Bank into a chair. Bertha ran to his side and bent over him. 4 1 Are you hurt, father ?" 4 4 No, my dear, only exhausted. Percy and our old friend Ducket," said he, looking up gratefully into their faces, "haveaaved my life." The wharf-owner's nerves were badly shaken. But a few days' rest, under his daughter's thoughtful supervision, restored him to health. Cloystoun's face never haunted Mr. Lintock again ; for on the day after this occurrence, the man waa found at the warehouse among some bags of seadamaged hemp-aeed, breathing his last; and as a small phial was discovered.at his side containing tracea of a narcotic, it waa conjectured that he had poured this drug into Ducket's tin can, and had himself swallowed the rest with a strong resolve to bring his wretched existence to an end. For some time Mr. Lintock avoided the subject of his flight from the ofiice and from the face. It appeared, however, that at the moment when Clogstoun forced his way into the room, the wharfowner retreated through the private door. This door he locked behind him, in order to cu f . off pursuit ; and thus separated from the Thames-street exit by Clogstoun's presence, Mr. Lintock made his escape by water. In after days, when Bertha had become Overbeck's wife, they often dwelt on that midnight affair at Wythred's wharf ; and it transpired how Percy, frequently on the watch for Clogstoun, having learnt something of hia haunta and habits, had reaaon to suppose that he had found a means of getting into the wharehouse. For this reason he had appointed that meeting with Ducket, though scarcely imagining tiiat events would lake such a strange turn as they had done. As manhood and womanhood open up, ducriminaticn is neceseary between what ouxht to be remembered and what it were betttr to forget. One g°od general rule which holds through life is to forg(t as speedily aa possible the evil whioh we see around ua and even within us; for evil, like a plant, thrives in the light and withers in the darkness. Brought into open view, talked about, thought about, and atored in remembrance, ita tendency is to reproduco itself. COMPLIMENTS, which we think aro deserved, we accept only ae debts, with indifference; but those whoee conscience informs us we do not merit, we receive with the sam* gratitude that we do favors given away* 