? ©eneral 'Boies.. The Rev. Dr. Theodore Cuyler, of Brooklyn, referring to the Rev. Dr. Watson in an article in TJie Evangelist of New York, says when ' Ian Mac laren ' began his ministry he was a staunch Free Church subscriber to the Westminster Confession in the main ; but his theology has undergone a de ciueu uriLt iu Weil us uruau iiuortmam, as his writings clearly indicate. If Dr. Watson is right on some vital points, adds Dr. Cuyler, then such men as Drs. Chalmers and M'Oheyne and Dr. M'Cosh were egregiously wrong. The Bishop of Marlboro ugh and rector of St. Michael's, Cornhill (Dr. Earle) has been appointed by the Bishop of London to the rectory of St. Botolph, Bishopsgate, vacated by the death or' the Rev. W. RogeJs. The value of the living is nearly £3000 a year. Some of the parishioners protested against the settlement. Dr. Earle, it was urged, was sixty-eight years of age, and a bishop in receipt of £3000 a year, while his work as rector of Bishopsgate would lie among a clas3 of people, numbers of whom were always on the verge of starvation. It was impossible for Dr. Earle to attend to his duties as assistant bishop, and also to look after the parish. The Bishop of London (Dr. Temple) instituted Dr. Earle as though nothing had happened. A Wide Choice. — Dr. Lyman Abbott has been preaching a series ot dis courses on social questions. One of them was on marriage and divorce. In the course of it he said, ' Sometimes I have heard a newly bereaved wife say of her husband, ' He never spoke a cross word to me ; ' and then I bless the widow's short memory.' In another sermon on Christianity and Socialism, which appeared in the Christian World Pulpit, Dr. Abbott says, ' The fastidi ous American may belong, if he likes, to any one of the six kinds, twelve kinds of Mennonitee, twelve kinds of Presby terians, thirteen kinds of Baptists,, sixteen kiuds of Lutherans, seventeen kinds of Methodists, besides a variety Episcopalians and Congregationalists. And if he is still unsatisfied, there are 153 independent congregations who own no fellowship with anybody.' One of the most noteworthy signs of the times is the religious activity of the - Jews. In the east end of London,, where thousands of Jews ' have been pouring in from the Continent for years past — poor, starving, ignorant beings — - a very remarkable movement is going on. .The Christian Sabbath, although not a day of obligation in Judaism, is wbolly given up to religious . and ? educational matters. ' Sunday after noon and evening,' writes a well-known Jewish Rabbi, ' are of enormous' service in the communal life of the Jews,' the word ' communal ' covering all move ments having the intellectual, moral,, and spiritual welfare of the community as their aim. The Jewish Sundayschools are a great and impressive feature of the Whitechapel and East London Sunday. The religious education of the children, as arranged 'fay the great leaders of London Judaism, is of the- * first importance, and extraordinary efforts and sacrifices are needed to promote it. The Spectator (Melb.) reports : — 'A short time ago our friends atPalmerston street, in the Carltoh Circnit were about to make arrangements for holding their annual bazaar on behalf of the trust. The Rev. Charles Lancaster pointed out to them that this meant six months' hard work for the ladies, and a great deal of trouble in other ways. He advised them first of all to pray about it, and then to lay the matter before the people, asking them for special ?quarterly donations to be given in church over and above the circuit collection on certain Sundays. Very unwillingly, out of deference to him, for he pleaded with them earnestly, they consented, but with many fears for * the success of the scheme. They might, .-perhaps, get something, but it would be at the expense of. the circuit collection. The bazaar had brought them in from .£50 to £70 in former years, and they had little hope of Mr. Lancaster's four ?quarterly offerings coming up even to the lower figure. The firBt offering was made a Sunday or two ago. The circuit ?collection was considerably more than its average amount, and the special ?donations reached the unhoped-for sum of £20, of which £2 10s. was contri buted by the Christian Endeavor. If the three other occasions yield as well — but what have we to do with ' ifs ' in such a case ? Sister Frances, who went from our ?Central Mission to engage in miBSon work in Auckland, N.Z., had a very warm reception there. At the welcome ?meeting His Worship the Mayor pre -sided, and made a capital speech. There was a choir of 300 voices and an over sowing audience. Sister Frances de livered a stirring address, pleading ?earnestly for a Rescue Home. The audience coutributed £46 towards it, and the Mission friends put their names down for £165. A large and com modious house was bought subsequently but in a short time it was burnt to the ground. It iB supposed that this was the work of an incendiary. The house was insured so the loss will not be ?great. Pleasant Sunday Afternoon meetings' ;are increasing in London, and already ?several of the leading Anglican clergy men working in the congested parts of the great metropolis are finding them valuable agencies in reaching tbe hitherto unreached masses. The Rev. iMr. Draper, of St. Mary 's, Whitechapel, is meeting with encouraging success. 'The fine old church, so rich in historic memories, is thrown epenevery Sunday ^afternoon, and a ' G-ospel address from one of the clergy, the service of an ex cellent orchestra, reinforced by the fine -organ of the church, with popular hymns and sacred solos, attract a class who seldom otherwise see the interior of a beautiful church.' It is pleasing to note that workers in London and in every other large centre are unanimous in testifying to the readiness and respect with which the masses of nonchurch ,-goers receive their message in those .so- called irregular meetings. Surely it is high times for ministers and laymen ito take into serious consideration the ,present state of many Churches of all denominations in our cities. ' They won't come in ' is the despairing cry. Are there any good reasons for the indisposition, in view of the fact that the name of Jesus Christ was never so reverently upon men's lips as now ? A Sydney circuit plan for December ? quarter, 1821, is in the possession of ? Rev. H. Lawry of Auckland- The ( places on it are Macquarie Street, 11a.m. ^nd 7 p.m. ; Princes-st., Saturday even ??;.?:.. Jng, 7.30. Grose Farm, 7 a.m., Long bottom, 7 a.m. : Botany Bay, 7 a.m. The missionaries are Ralph Mansfield, Benjamin Carvosso, and Walter Lawry. The exhorters are James Scott, Thomas Hyndes, Robert Howe. The former of these was a sergeant, who saved his ration of rum and built Princes-street church ; the other two were converted prisoners. Cardinal Vaughan, Bince his appoint * , ment as Cardinal Manning's successer in London, has employed a number of laymen as lecturers in the public parks and open spaces. The new movement ia under the direction of the Cardinal's brother. The lecturers are men of education, and are for the most part drawn from the ranks of the legal and other professions. The Presbyterian students at Cam bridge carried off an unusual number of high honours, including the senior wranglership, won by ' Mr. W. GK Fraser, a ' eon of the manse.' Methodism in Ireland is a growing power. For fifteen years, despite the incessant stream of emigrants flowing out of the country, a large increase of church members has been recorded. The past year has not been a whit behind its predecessors in encouraging succesfi ; it closes with a higher number on trial for membership than has been known for many years. The ministers are full of hope. Doors are thrown wide open everywhere. Successful attempts to preach the Gospel in the face of determined opposition have been made, and abundant opportunities are afforded of preaching in the open air in an increasing number of places, and striking instances of the power of God in the salvation of souls are re corded. The Central Mission in Bel fast, under the direction of Dr. Craw ford Johnston, is pushing out into new enterprises, and meeting with favour both with God and man. Mr. Thomas Meddal, of Adelaide, waB going home very late a few nights ago. He had a stout walking-stick to aid his steps. As he was passing the Wesleyan cemetery, a ghost, dressed in the traditional winding-sheet, came out into the road and said, ' Thomas Meddal, I claim you.' ' Take me,' said Thomas, and made play with the big walking stick. The ghost got it over the left temple, and fled. Thomas followed, and outran it. Finally the departed spirit surrendered at discretion, and was lectured and fined by a police magistrate on the morrow. Its name was A. Eudd. He says that if he had known Thomas was so handy with the shillelagh he would not have meddled with him. 