THE; MISTLETOE BOUGH tey the Author of 'Mnrriod in » Dreiini, ' Th* Mystery of Qvoyfrinr'ii tirany-;, ' etc* etc, . , . . ? CHAPTER IX. a. woman'h vhnqeanck. ' How long is sho goiug to kupbl thoi'e in this cold passago ? Cjih sho guosa wo aro horn f ' , Larondio, lurking iu tho rocesfl of n. r-n-'(jj.iTiA(i Tviridnw ? snnVfl -fd Lenoro ixl u low whisper, She laid hor fiugera on hor lips ; then, in a voiw which was hardly audible, she answered him. |v 'I will apeak to her. Wait here tail return.' Noiselessly a« a ghost she crept forward, hor long robes making no ruatlo aa aho moved, and so reached tho sido of the kneeling cjirl, Marion still crouched by tho window ; hor hands were claspod, and hor head had fallen forward on them, so that her fftoo was Jiiddeu . , Lenoro laid hor hand upon her shoulder, still she did not move, and the other woman, bending down, lifted her rigid form. Tho Btai'. light fell upon her death- like face, and showed it so drawn by agony, so absoluto colourless, that, for a moment tho thought camo to Lonoi'Q that she was dead, and, callous though she was, hor own heart for moment seemed to eeaao to boat, Tho pauso waa horriblu, as sho stood there clasping that death-liko form, and at the instant there came a great crash and clamour through the Btillnesa, for tho bells in tho old ehureh tower rang out a joyous peal, and tho voices of the carol singers roso in a glad chant again, Mid night had passed, Christmas Evo had given place to Christmas Day, and up to tho still, oloar sty a thousand eohoea rang, repeating ouco more thoso\ tidings of great joy that ilrst made Christmas fciacred. Lonoro'B hesitation was but momentary. In an instant she had recovored herself, ami, raising hor hand, beckoned Lavondie to approach. '?Sho haa faulted,' ,sho said. .'Nothing could bo botter— there will bo no need of drugging now, Take her in your arms— from that balcony you can reach the ground, and so oscano.' ' But where f ' Larondio risked taken aback by this unexpected haste. -' 1 must have a carriage, and tho lady ia in evening dross, ' Take her, from' tho house, I say,' Xienore retorted ', fiercely, ' Tho ringers are in tho' church, tho door will bo open. , You, can leave her there: while yon nmko' tho final arrangements.' , ' Larondio was little sensitive, yet he hesitated, '?'?' ' An empty churoh at midnight is Huoh a_ dreary place,' ho said. 41 What if oho should rocovor while I am absent?' ? Perhaps somo memory of Marion's words rose in Le'noro's mind. ' 1 should die of fear or go mad, for the palo lips smiled mean ingly. ??? ?'? ?'This fainting fit will last a long time. You neod riot bo.afraid j, do &s; I bid or I will not help you.' The man was desperate* and iu his desperation fell in with theplcui But, bad aa he was—steeped in crime— he did not dream of tho re finement of cruelty that was in hor heart then. With somo difficulty ho raised Marion's insensible form in his arms. Lenore had caught up a fur. lined cloak, and wrapping it about her own gracof ul form led tho way on to the balcony, and down the wooden steps to tho ground. A side path through tho shrubbery, safo from all observation, led thein to tho lano, and fivo minutes later they had crept up tho nar row path of tho church yard between tho graves. Tho door in tho tower stood ajar, for the ringers woro still Bonding out a merry peal, and the inuor basso covered doors swung easily open at Lenore's touch. Larondio laid his burden on the cocoanut matting that coverord the aisle, and put a hassock beneath her head. ' Sho looks like a dead woman,' he said ; ' lotus get hor away from hero as soon as wo can. It is horrible to think of her lying thoro like tho marblo effigies on their old tombs.' 'Come, then,' Lenore said lightly, ' there is no time to lose,' and she led the way out of tho church back to the shrubbery walk again. Just inside the grounds Larondie Stopped suddenly. ' What are you taking mo this ?way for ? ' he asked ; ' it won't do to uso one of tho Court carriages. .Let me go to tho village, and see what I can hire.' t She had paused at the words, and ?turning, faced him. The starlight fell upoji lua face, but whore she stood the shadows woro the thickest. He could see nothing' except her fierce black eyes that glowed now with a lurid crimson flamo in their depths, and that thoy shone like rubiew through tho gloom. au« 4i jruu £u.iu tut: YlJUlgt?, ehe said,, ' what do you propose do ing thenP' . '. . ' I shall -yet Miss Merivale andi tako her across country to York, from there to tho Continent. I know enough of drugs to be ablo to give her something that will keep .her dazed, and Icaugivo out that she is an invalid. Whou wo are far away from England sho may cAmo to her senses, and no doubt *b1jo will bo glad enough to marry rue then.f By the way, tho. process Id expensive, you must lot mo have ,«onie ready money, Lenore.' , , To be Continued. 