THE PRIMACYOFTBE ROHAN PONTIFF. BY THE MOST REV. DE.' GARR, Archbishop of MeIbourne, SECOND LECTURE. In my last lecture I quoted exclusively Protestant testimony to prove (I) that St. Peter was in Rome; (2) that he finally fixed his see in Rome; and was martyred there; and (3) that his Primaoy was riot temporary, but was continued after the admission of the Gentiles into the Christian Church, and was transmitted to his successors in the Roman See. I next addressed myself to the testimony in favour of the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff, which is contained in the first uninspired document that has come down to us in connection with Christian history, namely, the letter of St. Clement to the Corinthians. No one now doubts the authenticity of this letter, and since 1875, by a fortunate discovery, we have it in its entirety. As its witness to the Primacy had been questioned by Protestant writers, I thought it well to exarnijqp their statements, and to sho antecedently, we had no right such clear-cut evidence as'rir the exercise of supreme j the part of the reigning I in the affairs of a« distant an Church. •. It was written, as you%iJl „ about the year a.d. 95 oi^B^i John, the Beloved Dis'ciple,^tifli Church in Ephesus: _ Ephesus was nearer to C6rinth^i&a;& Rome was, still when dissensions arose amongst the Corinthians -their eyes turned not towards the Beloved Disciple, but towards the successor of St. Peter. If we suppose, as the first paragraph of his letter seems to suggest,' that St. Clement's authority was invoked by the CorinthianB, such action on their part would imply a recognition of the supreme authority of the Roman See. If, as Protestants more commonly conjecture, St. Clement's interference was unsolicited, then the proof would be all the stronger that he claimed the right and recognised the obligation of exercising jurisdiction whenever the spiritual needs of particular dioceses 'demanded the interference of the supreme ruler of .the Church. When, as he • hifnself implies, the fires of the Domitian persecution were still smouldering in Rome, it was only - a deep sense of the responsibilities of his office that could move St. Clement to direct his attention to the troubles that threatened the legitimate government of the distant Church of Corinth. After invoking the Three Persons of the Blessed Trinity, he demands, under the most solemn sanctions, submission to his authority, and pronounces a definite sentence on the question at issue, namely, the deposition or recognition of the bishop and some presbyters of the Church of Corinth. The attempt to controvert the evidence of these concrete facts by the evasions to. which Protestant writers have recourse manifests a determination to put aside even the plainest proof of the exercise of the Primacy of the Roman Pontiff in the first centuries of the Churches existence. I promised to deal to-night with the testimony of St. Ireneeus, not because it comes next in strict historical sequence,, but because, like that of St. Clement, its meaning and force, have been riscently challenged. It is a matter for congratulation, however, that, as in the case of St. Clement's letter, there is no attempt to question the authenticity of the works of St. Ireneeus. I may observe in passing that we have the greater part of the works' of ;St. Ireneeus only in a Latin translation from the original Greek. There is no room, however, to doubt that this translation dates back almost to the lifetime of St. Ireneeus himself. It is the most faithful of translations, for it is literal almost to barbarism, as is evident by comparing it with the large fragments of the Greek text which have been preserved, as for instance' in the writings of other Fathers. Additional proof of its fidelity ' to the original is obtained by reference to a Syriac version made from the original Greek. According-to St. Jerome, St. Irenajus was.a pupil, of Pappias, a disciple of the Apostles; and Tertullian, a contemporary, styles him " The most diligent searcher of all doctrine." From his own writings we learn that;as St. Clement was the intimate friend of the Founders of die Roman Church, SS. Peter and Paul, bo, too, difl St. Irenaus, through his master, • Sti- Polycafp, receive the tradition and imbibe the "spirit of the Beloviad Disciple. ' P \woiiia be ; difficult.• to find , in Wographical lltet'Rtiire! so.. pathetic a woj^picture&S; Sti Xretiffius haB painted of the 'Relations' between -St. Polycarp, bis own masteif,AndiSt. :Johiij Who was in torn the master of St. Polycarp. " l oan tell," he writes," even the very place where the blessed Polycarp was wont to sit and discourse, and also his comings in, his walks, the complexion of his life, and the form of his body, and his conversations with the-people, and his familiar intercourse with John, as he was used to tell of it, as also his intimacy with those that had seen the Lord. How also he used to relate their discourses, and what things he had heard from tbem concerning the Lord; also concerning His miracles, His doctrines. All these were told by Polycarp, in consistency with the Holy Scriptures, as he had received them from the eye- witnesses of the doctrine of salvation. These things, by the mercy of God arid the opportunity then afforded me, I attentively heard, noting tbem down, not on paper, but in my heart; and these same facts I am always in the habit, by the grace of God, of recalling faithfully to mind." Amongst these traditions which St. Polycarp received from St. John, and handed down to St. Ireneeus, were a tender devotion to our Blessed Lord in the sacrifice and sacrament of Hie love, as well as to His Immaculate Mother, whose glory St. Ireneeus has proclaimed in language remarkable for its scientific precision, and yet glowing with filial i^en Protestant wr-itersP'S^rainence cognised the identft^gf;doc- SttJrensgqfe, 1 so p wr^jn^s, w^^fe^dtfo^^te^of and r e ^naKAf^^g^uPwthors his ticula^lsw^SpferWs—, oertain tbSt-Irenasusandall tbe Fathers, either contemporary with the Apostles or their immediate successors, whose writings are still extant, considered the Blessed Eucharist to be the sacrifice of the New Law, and offered bread and wine on the altar as sacred oblations to God the Father; and that this was not the private opinion of any particular Church or teacher, but the public doctrine and practice of the Universal Church, which she received from the Apostles, and they from Christ, is expressly shown in thiB place by Irenaeus, and before him by Justin M. and Clement of Rome."* Let us now consider the testimony borne by St. Ireneeus to the Primacy of the Roman See. Bishop Lightfoot attaches great importance to St. IreneeuB as a witness to the Christian belief in tbe second century. He lays emphasis on the " historical background" which brings that testimony into bold relief. St. Irenaeus, he reminds us, " was connected directly with the Apostles and the Apostolic age by two distinct personal links, if not more." " His testimony must be regarded as distinctly representing three Churches at least"—Asia Minor, Rome, and Gaul. " Thus he is backed by a whole phalanx of past and contemporaneous authority." It is well, then, to attend to the witness of one who had such splendid opportunities of learning the traditions of the Apostolic Church. I have been charged with curtailing quotations from the writings of Sc. Ireneeus. Curiously enough,;'Catholic controversialists recommend their coreligionists always to quote St. Irenssus fully, so saturated is he with Roman doctrine. Writing against the Gnostics who pretended to possess a private tradition in virtue of which each of them " depraving tbe rule of the truth was riot ashamed to preaoh himself," he sets forth the one original tradition which the Apostles, " only when they had. first been invested with the power of the Holy Ghost coming down on them, and endued with perfect knowledge," delivered to the Churches founded by them. , " And this tradition of the Apostles," he writes, "manifested in the' whole world; may be seen in every Church by all who have the will to see what is true, and we can give the chain of those who, by the Apostles, were appointed bishops In the Churches, and ^ their successors down to their time, who have neither taught nor known such delirious dream as these imagine. For, had the Apostles known any reserved mysteries, which they taught to tbe perfect, separately and Becretly from the rest, assuredly 'they would have delivered them to those especially to whom they intrusted the Churches themselves. For very perfect and irreprehensible in all' respects did they wish those to be whom they left for their own successors,-] delivering over to ihetn thisir own office of teaching, by Correct . conduct. on whose part great advantage would accrue, as from their fall the utmost' calamity. But pipes; it were very long, in a volume like this, to enumerate Ae nuccession of - all the Churches, we take the Church, the greatest the inbst-ancient, and known to all, founded and established at Rome by the iwo most glorious " Apostles Peter and i • NotainIrehBuin',t>.323. ' 1 ; \ f " Qhob ct sueeesnores rellnqusbtrat suutu ipsomm iocum magisterii tradeates," . Paul, and pointing out the tradition which it has received from the Apostles, and the faith which ith&s; announced to men, reaching down to us by the 1 succession of its bishops, we confound all those who form societies other than they ought, in any way, whether for the sake of self-fancied doctrines, or through blindness and an evil mind. For to (or •with) this Church, on account of its superior principate, it is necessary that every Church should come together (or agree)—that is, the faithful who are everywhere." Let us examine this last sentence with the help of the oontext. The argument of St. Irenssus is that all the ChurcheB directly or indirectly can trace their tradition and the succession of their bishops to the Apostles. He mentions only three Churches by name, Rome, Smyrna, and Ephesus, and thesB Churches received their bishops from the Apostles—a fact which explains why these three were specially selected by him, for he taught with marked emphasis that "we ehonld recur to the most ancient Churches in which the Apostles dwelt." When he comes to the Roman Church he immediately changes his language, and in the most emphatic manner attributes to it a singular and incommunicable prerogative. " Every other Church must agree with it" or " must resort to it." He does not take the Roman Church as a sample of apostolic Churches, but as the centre of unity, in which all the Churches of the world are gathered into one. And St. Ireneeus testified for both East and West, for, himself an Eastern, he filled a Western See. And, besides, tbe other Churches be mentions are Asiatic. When he has proved that the tradition of the Roman Church is apostolic his proof iB complete for the apostolic character of tradition for the whole world, and one has only to point to the faith of the Roman See to confound all heretics. "Is your faith the same as the faith of Rome ?" is substantially his test of orthodoxy. " Propter potentiorem principalitatem." " Because of the more powerful principality which belongs to the Roman Churoh, all other Churches," says St. Irenaeus, " are bound to be in agreement with it." Now, what is this principartitas of which he speaks? Well, in the first place, it cannot mean, as some ' Protestants assert? the- antiquity of the Rriman Church, for the simple reason that it was not the most ancient Church. St. Ireneeus* himself brushes away that interpretation, for he calls Jerusalem " the mother city for the citizens of the New Testament," since there "every Church took its rise." Secondly, principalitas does not mean the singular purity of tbe Roman Church, whereby that Churoh was a model to all others. This theory of certain Protestant writers may be speedily dismissed, for it is a pure figment of the imagination. Whatever the word principalitas means, it most assuredly does not mean purity of faith. Nor can the principalitas of which St. IreneBUB speaks mean the imperial power of Rome. He does not make the -most remote allusion to the civil authority of Rome; he compares Church with Church, not city with city; he looks specially to the Churches of ApoBtolic foundation, and teaches that 5 the Roman Churoh has the principality among all, because Peter and Paul,"" the moat glorious Apostles," " having founded and established it," entrusted the ministry of the Episcopate to the Roman bishjj ~ St. Ireneeus, however, will himself us what he meant by principals Besides this passage, there are ten in which the word occurs, and in eai] these passages it means " authority 1 " supremacy." In two of them it n to the supremacy of God in all tbi —principaKtatem • quiiem omnibus Deua"\ Aod agaij above every principality a^" and power."! f In the" places it refers to 'tl# ! the Gnostics., Now,, these eight pastfitgiw original Greek -.Snd " we find thatif? translation of rffchbas no meaning except; SVBefferiiiig to Liddeil and S&. .. 'c'jfjMeon, we find " cbsoluti'.'stfay fas its equivalent. • Luicer quotes- from a number of the Fathers who use the term principality, and he maintains that auctoritas—" authority "—is the proper rendering: In the Bisvised 1 Version (1 Tim., 2,12) authentein, the «orrespondingverb, means to have dominion overi Principality iB once used as a rendering of arete, but m this passaged isriianifest that archi can only-meaneu^reme power. One would thinkthat St. Ireriieus had actually - einticipated the Anglican ^iffiouitltes in the interjpretatiori bfihwipassageVfdrihedefiriSs^Ttc^Me,»^vmvirsdl i siiprema^g: il '*P¥inci- t Adv. A< Ear. lib. if.,! IN Ibid. U, 80,9. aUtas," he says, " qtuB iest super niversa."* If we turn to a contemporary of $t. IrensBUs we shall have no difficulty in understanding the connection between the " more powerful principality " of the Roman- See and the circumstances of its foundation. Tertullian, after lapsing into heresy, ridiculea the " premptory edict" of Pope Zephyrinus,and the claim to speak as "bishop of bishops."' "I wattt to know," he exclaims, "how you uBurpthis authority over the Church?" And then he proceeds to answer, his own question by suggesting that the Pontiff does so because of our Lord's promise to St. Peter—" On this rock I will build my Churoh—To thee I have given the Keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, etc."+ Tertullian, though asking the question in contempt, has proved that in his time the Popes claimed that the words of our Blessed Lord had a personal application to them, and asserted that claim iu tbe government of the Church. The "more powerful principality," then, of which St. Ireneeus wrote is and cannot be anything else than this fact, that the Roman Church is the centre of unity, and the bulwark of defence against all heresies. That Church does not derive her principality from the assent of tbe faithful. " Because of her more powerful principality," all other Churches must agree with her, and in union with her (in qufi,) "the faithful on all sides have ever preserved the ApoBtolic tradition." On the doctrine of the Papal Supremacy, as on that of the Real Presence, Catholics and Protestants hold diametrically opposite views, and just as the words of Institution, so simple and intelligible of themselves, are interpreted in an almost countless variety of ways by Protestant writers, so, too, it is marvellouB to what devices those same writers resort in order to minimise the force of the plain teaching of St. Ireneeus. But it is the strongest evidence of the correctness of the translation I have given that whilst Catholic writers unanimously accept it, Protestant interpretations have been mutually destructive, and the precise point which one Protestant translator has urged againBt the Catholic view has been freely conceded to it by another. Thus, to mention a few out of the many distinguished names, Canon Bright, Regius Professor, at Oxford, and Gieseler admit that the words cotwenire ad mean to agree with. The learned Calviriist Saumaise admits that ad hanc convenire ecclesiam is a GraeciBm for cum hdc convenire ecclesia, which, as he says, means to agree in matters of faith and doctrine with the Roman Church. It is worthy of special notice that tbe Protestant translators of St. Ire circus in the " Library of the Fathers " (standard edition, published by Clark) render the disputed text of St. Irenseus as follows : —" For it is a matter of necessity that every Churoh should agree with this Church, on account of its - pre-eminent authority." In a note the translators remark that " it is impossible to say with certainty of what words in the Greek original potiorem principaltatem may be the translation.- We are far from sure that the rendering given above is correct, but we have been unable to think of anything better." In plain terms, these Protestant translators are driven to confess that the Catholic translation holds the field. As I have been charged with mistranjlation regarding this particular paBSMj&of; St.-Ireneeus, I am examining, ••y word, and am calling most itestant scholars as witnesses ectness of my rendering. ?..to the word undique, we hiB " Life of St- Irenaeus,'' •Stieren allowing that ipvalentto ubique, arid The translators of St. mentioned render St. Ireneeushimself • ,Go0pels as " breathing (corruptibility overywjiere, __ __ men."-) f The same word r *r"everywhere, as in the passage •which we are dealing, and it is clear that it means an influence proceeding from a centre to a circumference,,and not from a circumference to a. centre. Thus, Zeigler almost surrenders to the Catholic interpretation. He admits that St. Ireneeus " paBBing, as it were, in prophecy beyond himself, anticipates a Papal Dhurch of the future "—that he marks out Rome " as the chief seat of the aposto}io tradition, as the centre , which sustains and unites the whole Church—a centre which she would not have required had it. been, a matter to. : talce £op granted that the apostolic tradition ;wae ; everywhere established, and. beyond 4pubt. m., the OhgMbJMEMlf." . . <4i. But^ampn^tv-jlhe Jo, elude ibe force pf iheuiwords , Ireneeus, there is one^whioh calls for^a brief,analyst. . This particular transla- • Lib. X, 26, a.1. f" De Pudto 21. 11 Hsr, lib. IU, 0,2., a,8, tion has the merit of being, perhaps, the most absurd and illogical of the many renderings of the oelebrated passage from the saint's works. It is not at all original, bnt it has been presented to ns lately with a parade of pedantio erudition. Early Protestant miters bad been completely perplexed by the concluding clause of the passage—in qud semper, etc., so they make the saint say that every Church must agree with Rome, eince the faithful come to it from all quarters, each bringing with him the tradition of his own Ohnroh, and that in Rome all the streams of Apostolic tradition meet, and that in this way the faith of Borne was kept orthodox. Against this attempt at translation it is enough to say that St. Irenseua was giving an unmistakable rule by whioh heretics are to be put to silence, and he was bound to express himself in precise terms. Had he thought the chance confluence of strangers to Rome a guarantee for its faith, he would have said so in intelligible terms. The clause in question would then run, " because in it the Apostolic tradition is preserved by those who come there from all quarters;" moreover, the words potentior prince palitas would have been omitted, or at least connected beyond the possibility of mistake with the last clause. St. Irenasua does not represent the other Churohes as bringing traditions to Rome, but says that they " agree with " the Roman Church, and that thus they "preserve" the deposit of faith. He nowhere gives the remotest hint that the crowding of Christians to the Roman Church is the reason why " every Church —that is, the faithful on every side "— must agree with her. He does not tell us;that the orthodox tradition was preserved through the tourists who came to Rome, but by them, which shows that he is riot referring to persons coming to Rome, but to those by whom the Roman tradition was preserved in every place. jint even if we translate convenire ad, as resort to, the Roman Primacy will still be established, as the necessary resort of all Churches to the Church of Rome involves the supremacy of Jbe latter. , . , The words in qua arc well explained by Doeliinger, to the effect that the faithful throughout the worid were in the Roman Church, i.e., in communion with it as the centre of unity. Schneeman quotes a completely parallel passage from St. Optatus—qit& wn& Cathedra (Sancti Petri) unitas ab omnibus servaretwrthat is, " in union with the one Chair (Saint Peter), unity is preserved by all." The Latin translator of St. Irenffius frequently usesjthe word in for per when the sense is "in union with," and the passage here is parallel with such scripture expressions as in Ohristo ,in Domino—that is, in union with, or incorporated in. It was not possible for St. Irensens to state more distinctly the reason why every Church must be in agreement with the Roman Churoh. It !B " propter potentiorem principalitatem"—"With this Church, because of its more powerful principality, every Churoh—that is, the faithful everywhere, mast agree." And when be had thus clearly stated the reason for it, be immediately adds the result of this agreement with the Roman g ee —«in it or in union with it (in qufl.) the tradition of the Apostles has been preserved on every side." Again, the saint is arguing from the Apostolic foundation of the Churcbf^ to the Apostolic purity of tbeir tTbimtiat He has mentioned the Apoatolip^mdation of Rome, and he keeps to^^pjMi aubjeetexclusively through It is worse than absurd, theB^t<) iflaiffijgh that he is arguing ItefflW ' position of the Jm Christians there. It of the Roman Church", Churoh alone, that ofi and this iB based on by SS. Peter and Paul lug this passage of we most have regard to stances of the Christian t Rome. Some writers seem to ima u that perfect peace prevailed, and that the Messrs. Cooke and Sons of the period were offering most liberal terms to Christian travellers who desired to gather up the traditions iu Rome, but it is an incontestable fact that the Christians who went to Rome, whether on mercau* tile or legal business, did so at the peril of their lives. I fear that I am taxing your patienoe by this scholastic treatment of the argument JBut it is really unavoidable, as the t&l;^ifriiOD of the historic passage of St. is "universally accepted ttf^&O;^^**^ 4Uj>nted. Iwas, therefore, under ihp necessity at showing T-^hW t&r;&m; fcalttMProtestants non-Catholic controversialists, that, by substituting tradition for Soriptures, it involves the abandonment of the fundamental principles of Protestantism. Pat into popular phraseology, the testimony of St. Irenmus may be summed up in these four propositions—(1) Ther6 ,exists a universal oommunion (in faith) of all Catholics with the Roman Churoh; (2) this communion is necessary; (8) the cause of this necessary communion arises from the fact that the Roman Church is at once a centre of unity and a model in doctrine to all other Churches; (4) the reason of these various prerogatives is found in the peculiar principalitas or " pre-eminent authority which she With St. Irenaeus the readiest way to prove the orthodoxy of any particular Church is to show that it is in union with Rome, because the faith of the Roman Church is the fountain-head of the Apostolic doctrine, and is, therefore, the standard by which the faith of every other Church is to be tested. In one word, his argument is—Whoever submits to the teaching of the Roman Church is certain to receive the doctrine of the Apostles. The authority of St. Irenffius has been quoted against what someone has been pleased to call " the Roman fiction of St. Peter having been the first bishop of Rome," on the ground that "the enumeration of Irenteus knows nothing whatever of an episcopate of St. Peter." But a little learning is a dangerous thing. As the writer of that phrase would not deliberately falsify the testimony of St. Irenseus, it is dear he knew nothing of the saint's second enumeration of the line of Roman bishops. He has yet to iearn that St. Irenffius does two things. (1) He traces the succession of the Popes from the Apostles, SS. Peter and Paul, and (2) he_ gives a line of Roman bishops which includes St. Peter. In regard to the first, he ays—" We are in a position to reckon p those who were by the Apostles nstituted bishops in the Churches, and to demonstrate) the successions of these en to our own times." Of these bishops e farther says, that the Apostles " were eaving them behind as theit successors, elivering np their own place of governent to these men." Amongst the uccessors of the Apostles, Clement is, f course, named in the third place. " The Apostles committed into the hands of Linus the office of the episcopate; i .' • . To him succeeded Anacletus, and after him, in the third place, from the Apostles, Clement was allotted the bishopric." In this enumeration of the successors of the Apostles, Hyginus is reckoned the eighth. But when St. Irenseua comes to give the whole line of Roman bishops, Hyginus is in two piaces reckoned the ninth bishop, showing clearly that, the Apostles are counted in this enumeration. «' Cerdon," he tells us, " Mansion's predecessor, arrived (in Rome) in the time of Hyginus, who was the ninth bishop." In this reckoning Clement would be fourth bishop oi Rome. - This interpretation of the words of St. Irenscus is confirmed by a contemporary writer. St. Epiphanius, in the fourth century, gives precisely the same line of succession from the Apostles—with him, too, it is Linus Cletus (who was, admittedly, the same : ss Anacletus) Clement. He tells UB, moreover, and St, piphanius, though writing in the fourth entury, is bearing witness for St. Hegesippus, who wrote in Rome in the iBTOnd century—"When I was in Rpie," the latter writes, " I compiled a of Bishops m that See to the Anicetus."f The , Anglican 't, Lightfoot, distinctly maintains le list given by $t. Epiphanius is er than the list made out by St. ippus. Tertullian, too, who lived of both St. Irensus and St. ecQfds tbe fact of St. Peter Clement, and an : the list of Popes, v^me way. as did St, $Irenffias had only given vitftjMs meaning would be ^ ' WMm^ know that it was me list %jg^ucoe88ora of the Apostles, whiih, is ijnatter of course, could sot ittCtade>»he Apostles themselves, just as one, m proving the present English sovereign s right to the throne, would say tnat Queen "Victoria is the fifth in succession fromGeorge L, the head of the Hanoverian line, r And as in the latter case George I. is not excluded from the line,of English sovereigns, so in the former case the . Apostles are not excluded from the line 4>f Roman bishops. The mention of two Apostles isnot incompatible with the special relation of one of them to the, Roman Qeo> ( Some Catholic writers St. Paul amqngat the but even in this suppositional, Vitar awnredly not. leBa Linus. ; "U,..:— » St. Irenrens, rol. i,, p. 2fll (Bng. trani.). t skku. ha, ub, utvsn, <• Wo have had the controversy between' ope St. Victor and St. IrepaM trotted ut once more. With a certain class f controversialists it is I'aitdace, toujours I'audace. They think anything ill serve as an Argument against Rome. at in its strongest light, this attempt at argument is neither more nor less than this: St. Irensens cannot have considered the Roman Pontiff supreme teacher in matters of faith, because in a matter which, as St. Irenseua himself emphatically declares, had no connection with faith be exhorted the Roman bishop to proceed with moderation and charity, and not to cut off whole Churches from his communion. Neither in the writings of St. Irensens himself nor in the aocount of his controversy with Pope Victor, as given by the ecclesiastical historian, Eusebtus, who lived in the third century, is there a single word in denial of the supreme authority of Pope Victor. On the contrary, the whole aim and effort of Irenaeus was to dissuade Victor from using the power which it was clearly implied that he possessed, particularly as the question at issue was not one regarding faith or necessary discipline. The controversy regarded the observance of Easter. The Asiatic bishops, following the tradition of St. John, observed thp feast on the fourteenth day, corrpsfffijj ing with the Jewish celebratioii Passover, no matter on what da week the fourteenth might fall, other parts of the Church the solemnity waB invariably celeb: the Sunday. St. Xrenseus, it is s advocated the Roman custom, but, ing the tenacity ,with which the i clung to cuBtomshallowed by — tions, pleaded with the Pope the dimity 1 in matters of discipline, such as-.Ja^b^ observance of the fast, which p^yj^d^ in different parts of the Church, without interfering with any principle of faith. St. Irencsus did no more than has been repeatedly done by bishops, individually and collectively, in the history of the Church. As I have already, in a former lecture, more than disposed of this difficulty, I shall on this occasion merely repeat the words of a distinguished Protestant, Professor Harnack. "Pope Victor," he writes, " ventured by an edict to declare that any Church which did not observe the Roman method (of observing Easter) was excluded as heretical from the communion of the one Churoh. How could Viotor have ventured on such an edict . . . if it was not; already established and recognised that it belonged to the Roman Church as its destructive prerogative to determine the condition of the koivt) twatQ essential doctrines of the faith were question." Will any person of ordinary intelligence presume to question Harnack's view? To bring it home to our minds we have only to consider what would occur if, in our day, the reigning Pontiff, Leo XIII., addressed the Arch- ishop of Canterbury, requiring his bedience under pain of being cut off rom the unity of the Churoh. The reply ould be a vehement denial of the uthority of the Pope. All England ould ring with denunciations of Rome, and history would record the clear and emphatic repudiation of the Pope's authority. Until a repudiation of such kind can be produced, it is trifling with the question to bring forward instead some scattered instances of opposition to the exercise of an admitted authority. If isolated opposition to the exercise of authority presuppose its non-existence, or is sufficient to set it aside, then no authority, human or divine, could long subsist. Here, then, I close the examination of the testimony of St. Irensens to the supremacy of the Roman Pontiffs, and I have no fear about the verdict on bis evidence. His testimony, supporting that of Clement, is a strong link in the chain which reaches back to the Prince of the Apostles and to those momentous days when from the lips of Him who spoke as never man spoke there came the words— " Thou are Peter, and upon this Rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it, and I will give to thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven;" and again, "Feed My lambs, feed My sheep; I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, and thou, being once converted,' confirm thy brethren." Apart from all historical evidence—and, indeed, independent of Peter's connection with the See of. Rome—these words are the warrant of the Primacy of Peter and of his successors. Oh next Sunday evening we shall consider.'their fall import and the irrefutable Soripture proof that is bpilt ? upon them, ' 