Venezuela. It will be remembered that soon after that Venezuela trouble arose, our .dear Cousin Jonathan'.took it in hand and appointed a committee to settle it right away. - There was just the ghost of a suspicion that Jonathan would have all his work before him, even if allowed to go at it, and' to do it bis own way. No hints, no remonstrances sufficed to check his ardour, or to cool his natural courage. But his first progress report is uncommonly like a report of no progress at all. The text of the cor respondence up to date was pnhiished in July; but so far the parties had not pro gressed beyond showing a more friendly spirit. Perhaps the most astounding part of the information disclosed is that Jonathan has not, at present, the necessary data for a settlement of the question in dispute. He relied upon having easy access to the country itself, and to tho. readiness with which a Venezuelan would. swear anything required of it. Reports say that the task of sifting out the truth from old maps and grants and charters has been " even more arduous than was anticipated." This is not saying very much, because the certainty is that Jonathan did not think it would be an arduous task; so that its being " even more arduous" would not surprise anyone. Truth to tell, however, Jonathan finds*that he must send a commissioner to the Vatican, Madrid, and the Hague to study archives there. The settlement by Jonathan cannot, therefore, take place during President Cleveland's ■n; and he may be glad to cscapo from the difficult sitcution by passing out of office. In the Rockharopton Police Court on August 21, Robert "Wilson, 17, a porter in the employ of tho Railway Department, was charged with having stolen Is. from the tUl at tho railway station, the property of tho Railway Commissioner. The accused was arrested by Constable H'Lean at the station about 9 o'clock .this morning: Iu consequence of a report which had been previously made to him, ho went to tho oooking office and-took 10a. out of the till there. Ho marked tho coins with n knife and put them back. Tho constable went aw3y, and returned shortly after S o'clock, und while he was on the platform the accused went into the booking office, and a few minutes after came out reading the paper. The constable spoke to him and said, "There has been a lot of money stolen from here for some .time back, and you are suspected." Asked whether he had any money in his possession the accused handed him Is. Gd.y the Is. being one of those ho had' marked in the morning./ The accused denied having taken the money out of the till. A second chargo was preferred against the accused, and ho was remanded-until Monday, bail being: allowed,. himself in £10, and one surety in £40. 