ST. PETER'S CHURCH, SURRY HILLS. ? ^. ? At this cliurcli on Sunday, at tho 11 a.m. Mass, a sermon was preached by tbo Very Rev. Father Patrick, C.P., in aid of the local branch (if the Society of St. Vincent do Paul. A''Missa Cantata' was sung by tho Kov. Father Furlong. Tho vory rev. preacher took for Mb text tho words spoken by Our Blessed Lord to His disciples after the Last Supper : ' By this all men shall know that yo are My disciples if yo have love 0110 for another.' There wero many charaotorimtioH, ho said, under which tho Church was presented to thoviow of this restless world. She was holy and Catholic, or universal. Sho spoke with an infalliblo voice. The characteristic that most of all affected the imagination was her immutability. Sho ever romainod unchanged. Site had boen founded by our Divino Lord. J.Ionco while (-he field 0 world was tossed about by every wind of doctrine, tho Church of Christ rostod sccuro on her found ai ion. This character istic was incomprehensible to those outsido. With thorn what had boon a dog-ma yesterday was a lierosy to-day. For vis, thank God, tho immutability of tho Church was a guard against uncertainty. Tho attributes of tho Church implied in her members a certain exaltation. A strugglo was necessitated that they should defend themselves from earthly Undoncies. Men t-hould never lose sight of tho fact that they wore tho brethren of Christ and tho temple of tho Holy Ghost. They should find hero a sonso of their dignity to which all should bo sacrificed by them. Self- denial', ovon though difficult, should bo joyl'ul, for it niado us akin to Christ, who died for us upon tho cross. Self-denial for tho dignity of human nature implied a corresponding love for othors, a corresponding love for tho dignity of a naturo a little less than that of angels, created by God, redeemed by tho Son of God and Miuotinud by tho Holy Spirit. Human naturo had boon created by God for eternal glory, and had been endowed by Him with lustrous gifts. These, which man had cast away, tho Son of God oamo to restore. Ho had emphasised tho idea of tho universal equality of humanity. Ho had givon us His precept that men should love one anotbor. He had said: 'All men shall know that ye are My disoijijles if yo have lovo ono for another.' vVhon in tho early days tho symbols of tho faith wero fovv ovidonco was ail'ordtd by lovo. It was said, seo how thoso Christians lovo ono another. A scono had boen drawn by loving hands of St. John in tho helplessness of old ago, uuablo to teach, but saying to his disciples, ' My little oh.il drou, lovo ono another.' Another glorious Apostle, whose zeal had burned from tho east to tho west, had wept when his broth rtn wept, and rejoicod with them in their joy. Whon ho Mii-orod imprisonment and stripos, it was not for himsolf ho felt anxiety, but lest liis children's faith should suil'or shipwr.'ek. It had been a solaco to him in his aiUtotion to learn that his ohildron at Corinth had turned to God. And, if wo glanced at the Church of a later timo, wo saw noble bands of apostlos going forth, in all ages, to illu minato thoso who sat in darkness. St. Francis Xavior hod gono^ to the din taut East ; St. Dominic and St. Philip Nori had laboured in Europe. There also had been tho glorious St. Vincent do Paul A » » _*i 1 1 1 _-_ l^nvi/1 yiT- itn /ilinvnfu 1. it /?! iri.i/i-i.i_i 1- _ .» /I /-! 1 1 -.3 I.,,. cloistors of Europo and Africa, praying in silwico and winning souls to God. In our own day wo had£soen Father .Daniiou dovoto his lifo to tho lepers. Tho Christian buw in ovory child of God his brother in Christ and a temple of the Holy Ghost. The highor elements of human naturo wero attested by tho voice of mankind. It's truo iuhorcnt nobility was shown in tho reverence and lovo felt for thoso who sacrificed them selves to tho interests of othors. The man, indeed, might bo hold up to ridicule and scorn who placed himsolf on a difVorent piano from tho dead level of thoj?o engaged in ambition and avarice, but posterity evor kept in its heart a warm corner for such a man. Groat; oonquorors wore celebrated in history, but the current of luvo eddied around those who fought and died on the battle field in leading tho forlorn hope, Tho men whoso names woro cherished wore thoso whoso disinterested devotion to others had seemed to hinder their worl 'ly .jsjuooeSB. Christ placed restriction on no people, or class, or creed. He obliged us to look upon every human being, no matter what altar he knelt before, as His child. There was no restriction, no bound, to the law of G-od, that extended the hand of fraternal charity. Wo were happy in having the moans and opportunity given us of showing our love, and of carrying1 out practically tbo precept in tho intorosts of those who wero near and dear to the heart of Jesus Christ. He had said, ' Tho poor ye have always with you,' and in leaving us the poor Pie had shown us mercy, and given us tho means of laying up treasure for ourselves in Heaven. In contributing towards the funds of the St. Vincent de Paul Society tho very rev. preacher explained they need not be afraid lost their alms should be given as a misguided charity. Every case was carefully inquired into. It was not asked to what religion the sufferers belonged, for every religion was the same to. the Society. Genuine distress was always a passport to the charity of tho Society of St. Vincent de Paul. Those who contributed even a mite would have their share in tho prayers of tho poor. Tho very rev. preacher con ciudod an eloquent, able, and touching sermon by exhorting his hearers to obtain the part now within their reach in prayers whose sincerity recommended thorn to God. Tho Mass sung by the choir was Farmer's with the exception of tho 'Credo,' which was taken from Haydn's 'Imperial.' Tho principal voices were: Scp'rano, Misses Nolan, Mason, and Barry ; contralto, Miss Cohen ; tenor, Messrs. Lusoombe and Kearnes ; bass, Messrs. Nolan and Lesion. At the offertory Miss Nolnu sang Maschcroni's ' Avo Maria.' This young lady also presided at tho organ. As usual, the per formance was iii all respects oxcollont. 