;;SrNSdfREfT [?] fftPvmaHVo «pa, if a , upMaetm pfntav.!Aap . ;,v. 9T . OmUautd.J 'mornlng,-they :«)iigiit lu.'veln |q every ravine and' brcuk— ehonted, Prod their rurbines and aoniided their IfUtqpet, all to no purpose.,. Not aq! answering ciy, . rewarded their efforts. Prom : Ellis' ido- , : ycrlptlun Braivster .knptv thnt tliolsdica wera solnnfllad in, fniit that within their eauvMs shelter. thoyi-Onld' hardly suffer greatly friini tliepilU. "He was assiirpd tlmt the driver qnd Pete were with (hem, also well prpYided with robes and Vhtok- eta, and tlu»t they wero in no bqtneAtoto danger infifreestngi > Jmt:. he 'not'. , ' hoar. thP (tonight of the Itiqg, weary waiting, tho ilread anxiety, . the, flurk- . - . Hose, the isolation ' in aUthat howling ; tvildmmeaa, He eonld, $(quro\Vlqtfrod pestled in her iiiother'a artu, wonder-: Ing. wondering. nstho houradragged hy. whon.'if "eypr,;.htquau qldwould pome to 'their ,Mle(. .' At fflrq- o'clock heaud'hUpqrtyt#d:eear<dird.and pconted for adoxenuitiea ur and down the ygUey. Sbmp pf tda beitand stanches! pienwora giving qnt. and these, vrilh Sergeant Brt»Jks; hepideted to pnH|) along with the gale aqdscek news and ehtdtov at (hp station. Threa atliepi lie posted hear tha main crossing pf tho Wolf, tinder, (hp (eeof a little b.lqd. whore thoy aqd thoir horses speedily staulped q hole i.q tho snow- drifts «ronnd tho , hospital ambulsnco pud huddled for vrnrmth— flrpa thoy puntd pot ' tiglU.CYCU hod there been a Vestigeof fnet— aud then, with three un daunted campaigners at hla hock. he . tout oncopgaiu tttrned downstream, fob towing its vrqpderinga in the darkness . v'nd .feettw <" WrtMH' tic ctwW nbt.W plong the fpqtheni Uank. Ttmsnnd \- . . again they dismounted and raq herido tliclr lwrses tp restorv cironlttttou to tho . '.puiubbd iaiid attifpited feet and fingers. Time mid agntn'Mliojr. plunged wpiat deep into drifts and thP iwrsps Qonnder- cd to their girths tri tiw powdery snow. At 'last. Brewster poted that here' and thore fur in the northwestern skies the: ftpra were heginnipg.ta peep: the clouds werbdriyiug u\\\;iy, the dawu was nigh,- the hurricane . pbatiug.' Broader and fwihter the. daylight stole over tho \- vtpnp swept pralrto, atreaked hero and' \- there with tieoey. winding' veins, and when' at limt'itho linn artde in its nn- clomleil splendor the gals hod died away to a nierp ghost id its tartans self, nnd they rnbhud the ley fringe from their pattered cyolids and gasad long nnd wistfully' np ami down thot shallow, winding valley, all heqped and tumbled with the driven snow, and saw not a (rigo ur those whom they had ruslied to (riivo. Novor fiir im Instant did Brewster re lax his elfin-tH- Uiving caeli ot his men I) pnll at tho Uash, lie selected little Murphy ns ahout tho most compnet and Certainly the lightest of tho trio, and bade him make Iiib way to camp and tell the colonel that np to sunrise 110 vestige of tha lost ones had been fonnd. pnil suggest that additiutw! paiticahK. peiit out at once. I'Toll somebody to hring my llolil glass," ho milled, as Murphy was utamt (it ride away, "if 1 had dreamed we ; would luire found nothing of the iimlai- ' lance nntil this time. I - never should : have , left it. (food inck to yon now ' cui (vira|. Bide na lively its yon can.", ' Mrir|ihy irirncil : promptly nvray, spur red his nnwillkug' Unirso through tlm ice into the black and racing waters ' of the \V«lr uinl \vas ; presently following a lit- ' tlii hrenlt'in tho tiortli side which leil by a moro'gruiltmi ascent tn the prairie bo- ymid. ; Now, men. one of yon rido back to- .witrd "the party at the ford, poke into pi-cry rnvhie toyonr left— tbcy'ronll Tnll of snow: it may bo the ambulance Is so . llei-p in the drift they eonlil hear no .i>aail If yim liod anything, the faiut- ivt. iracu.; rido np 011 the pmirio and- nri li- y.air horse to the left. Morso.'i yim oiute withme." Beg ,|iur<liu(, lienttiuntit. I think Mm- iiby tcu's something now," said Morse, im'.icutlng the farther shore with a nod '- of hix fnr covered lieaiL , Whirling eng-- erlyutsait, Bre-wstek wits' snrjirised toseo" Ids little Irishman. 'a bnndred yards or so away, \\-rmicliiiig low 011 his horn's back, stilt in the ntvirio nnd on to his girth iu sitpw. and peoriu;t cantiously eastward, his eyes jnpt level with the l-nnk. Then be was plainly scon to sig nal. . Iu an Instant Brewster aud bis men wore., plunging Into tho rapid stream, crushing the ice that skirted the shores ami Isiniiding' out npon tho frozen ground beyond. Again Murphy lie-Id forth a 'hand— a warning gesture, not a ti beckoning ono. ' "Keop down, keep down." lie signaled, and wondering, the llttlo- party of troopers' cautiously fol lowed iiitd. the raviuev ' 'What tioyon scclTiinoried Brewster, eager und .agitated, . ; 'Bpon-my soul, slri I wish 1 know: tmt it's morn like ludinha than anything I can thiuk of." "Indians? wliero away?" And with a wild fenr nt beurt Brewster gazed over the bank in the direction Indicated. : ' ' "lndiau- vand coming thia way, sir, or I'm a tenderfoot," .mattered Morse, a man who bail served in the Twelfth for many u year. ' "What mi earth can they bo doing so f ir wrath of the agency? Von don't (hink niiy of tho hoetilcs have got down lain way?" llicy'ru all liostilea, sir, when there's oulv three or. four ag'in them. It don't iaatter "whether thesis pre from tho agency or tho Bad Lands now, if thoy can catch a white wan a-napping, and something has brought them out hero." "My -God, man! yoq don't suppose they'vo beard of tho amhplance?" \- '.'They : lienr things quicker - than wo do, lloutonant. Day or night, calm or storm, tboso fellows can ail around beat, us in getting news." "And they ore coining from thonorth- past, : liontenant," chimed in Mnrphy. \- "Tliat means if thoy ore from the vil lages near the agency they've circled ; ororind oiir people."' ' Breathless tho little party watched the coming dots. Tho'stream lipro ta the porthesst after a deep bend abput half p mile away, and on tho farther bank, ' muring nearly parallel with the valley, pbanf n dozen dark objects conld bo seen "piovmght rapid lope, the springing, tire- the Indian pna. Pomes they sere uni|b<aUoaabJy, auulcaon witli uis .Idcr. lEvery moment brought then uenrcr and nearer, until, as tlicy spread 3nt: iu citcndoil i order ncrbssthe loypi larfaep.' it ' was' posslbio' to couqt their uaic(ber, cloven; tiossiblo tit note. .that, svoiy pow pud theq some one of tba ntuiibof in treqt 'or on the flanks would . rein it| mddanly rind circle nre.nnd' arid - stop, as thongb p|atninirig (racks ppon ' tlio prairie. ' "It is'u6,t,i>paslbia.thq' pmbnlatioo con : havo 'got Bit far pyef M that," pm't«re<l Drews(er. . "il ia not possibio tliat. they can have benrd of it in' all that fearfnl storm. Why. Morse, it'a madness to tiiinkof.iti" - ' "1 dprit' kriovf hew fttr thij (com may hrivo been driven oat tlmt |vny, sir, but tba' idiyzarit cuuie j ffom the northweat, froip tb.eir. left front! it'beat aorqs their path all the way and muire wmt't faco it, anil if (t isn't (he pmbriinnce (hoy 're of tcr. whrit Chf U be?? y. - i \i :f f ' God, if wo only know where it waar grqunod Brewster. .; "Uomo -what mayi iqett, we've got to stand twlxt it and tlibee scoundrels. (lore, Mnrphy, lively now, slip buck duWn into, the val ley nnd ride for nil you're worth to. the ford and bring those fellows back with . yon: every man of them. Tell them to kuep uudor tho' bunk anil rido liko boll Off with you, uuw." And ibis lima there was no recall; Mnrphy woo ont of sight \- Ill it fltuth. t Nearer and nearer rode tho savnge horsemen, now about a tnila awny. Already Morto nnd Ills silent comrade had swung their carbines oat of thcli leathern buckets, thrust n cartridgo In the chumbcr nnd loosened others in . the woven thimbles. Urewster iiovor for un . instant qnit his gazo, bat his luind hud Stolen back and loosed the flap of the holster ut his hip, Tho movements of the ludinuri liiul |inzz|cd ii(im (hoy. wore' riding not PS thuvg.lv moving 011 some \- point already ilotorzrilnod, hr.t rather as if sonrchiiig, feeling their way. Every now nnd then, too, soino of 'their num ber cantered to the edgo of the bank nnd scouicd tri scrutinize the rnlloy. \- ""Snowdrifts nre -too deep and plenti ful 1q there, nronrid that bend, sir That's why they're np on tho prairie." ' Urewstor's heart seemed almost to staml still All an a sudden the lenders swerved; the blnukclcil riders conld be scon bending low nnd over as they swung thcir.uiinblo . steeds in : circle to tho right. . And then, thou, an instant more, nnd, tossing the powdery snow nil in n fleecy white clmul. tlicro ciimo tear ing np out of the depths of souio unseen cunico a lively herd of Indian ponies re joicing in their unwonted freedom nnd determined not to lie herded back tc stavnrv without n strng-.:1" ) it was nurd to repress tne snout or joj that sprang to Uio soldiers' lips. Then it wasn't the mnbnlnnco after nil; noth- \- ing bntlhia frolicsome band of rascals tliat, after breaking away from tho In dian boys the evening before, had doubt less been driven before the gala, dri mending the sending forth of qnite ,ri parly of the ybniig men in search, oven- before the storm hod tally abated. . For a moment tho troopers forgot, their mis sion ns they wntchcd the chaso. Fresh and unhampered by weight of any kind " the senrryitig band cuino sweeping nlong the otlgo of tho distant bluff, following an itctiro, mischievous leader and lea ing their jaded pursuers far behind.. The Indian knows too lunch to chaso a run ning horco; ho leaves him'to his own do- well knowing he wU more qnick- ly' siop when nnpnrsacd and can then iriuro readily bo headod off and tnrnod luck to the' ways be. should go. On came tho nimhlo herd fall tilt toward tlio elbow in the shallow ' vnlloy, where i broad white streak told of deep drifted \- snow, and there the leader veered to tho left mid sonth and would doubtless havo stretched nwuy at -racing speed on that courso bnt for ono yonng warrior on a dun colored pony, who with the speed of tlio wind enmo darting out across the level snrfuco boyoiul, gnmoly, skillfully heading him. Around went tlio Icmler onco inoro tn a wido circlo westward, aronnil tho sanllionnost edge of the . tlceey drift", arid then, with tlinndertng ' \- hoofs, the whole troop -went bounding awny to tho west withont a living son) to interpose betweeri them and tho bald, rolling heights nt tho far horizon, miles : arid miles uway. -< '-'Go.it, pony) I'm glad to see a red skin done for once!" was -Morse's jubi lant shout. And thou, suddenly and . sharp, "Good Godl What's. that. Lien- tenant?- Look!" Not sis hundred yards riway, now, the little band of ponies, following their ! spirited leader, had suddenly halted at the very edge of samo dip or sink In the \- prairie that lay to tbo southeast of the snowy rift in , which the- troopers were ' crouching, still hidden, they and their horses, from the sharp eyes of tho chas ing Italians. Then as suddenly, tossing high' their "scraggy numbs, as tbongb with ono accord;- the- nimblo ibrntcs whirled to the sonth, thoir lender in dulging in a flno flourish of "heels as he . sped away. And now Morse lay against ' the honk pointing eagerly to a conple of black objects startlingly outlined on tba glistening white of the snow, two obf jects that camo plnnging np from the invisiblo depths of the hollow, strag gling breast deep in the drifts, and at last reached the edge of tho prairio, and, followed . instantly, by another conple, with their' long ears erect, with out stretched neck and eager brayinge, clat tered away tn ..pnrsait of tho herd. Brewster, know them at nglanco— Stor- retfs ambrilanoe males. Indeed, tho broken polo was still dangling between tbo two in rear arid bounding with thws 1 Villi that Uraifat im, turn to the sonth end, bad cost tho hand . their liberty. Darting along abreast of them, but nearly half a milo away to tho sonth, the warrior on the dun colored pony hod shot far ont boyond them, and . riow. sweoping aronnd in a .wido, circle to his- right; rode between them and tba broad wastes to tho west. Two other In dians wore circling in their front, bar ring the way to tho low hills to the sonth. 'Othors still, straggling fui cut eastward, reined np so as not lo iaii-r- fcro with tho "rounding" of tlio herd, »-v. : . ; tlirco c.vperts liad tunii-il tiu-ir rn-.mway - pvopcttv 111 whin fwn'ii liai.-k into: tlis - '.shining track id llic suit, im-l in qi-vory-.i few miimtfs tlio matter y»s;« seillvd; Ills; (ionics- \vcro. 1- ul 1; il \ irui ui-H -d"";-. I i a . bank hyi-p.ml > lie iioiiil, hi-j\dP'I for I utino . ' and iuiril ; woivk agaiii, 'wjtlf ihb nuibn- Inncp (iinli-s limyltijjut .thoir hc(ilH. tlicro., tlia" yoringov iiniiiinsv tlm' lidys. "look" ohorge, iipil -fi-iun; llic . illstaiit slupiis, . froui:snritii a(vl.'(!iwt-(iii-t frdrii 'tlie.-'praK ; , rie (o tlm wpst, (lin .nlhcp capic (niiiter . ing toward tlmt. sharp aiiglu half, a mile dwriy (itid gatlieri-tl (n 'citgiir cimsulia-,. \- tion about oup whi! evuuied to tio' lliclr leader. ' "'-'1'.-.'. . AU tliis. uud Ulricli uioro, Brewster and bis iiicii wero wiitcliiiig with Isra'iid:- ing prilsas, in bfcathless 'escitciiient.. Bre\vster wlth fdeiingsbf iriingiuil hopo' and despair. Now ho know that tho amhuiaricd mnst bo soiiiewhero near at hand, possibly npi thut long." rn vino on . the sotith side that' slanted - in from tho' ' prairie riot a hqudred yiirds nwiiy below' - theiq. purely tlm banks' looked lut tliough tliere were n good fard - nt that point. ; Might' not that t>o tho very one of which . ' Ellis spoke? Now, if it wore but possi ble to drop' back Ont of tho drifts in which tlioy woro hiding and reeross tlio stream, thoy might yet crcopnrinhsorVed - into tho month > of thut gully ntiil 'feel their way ufoot nntil, somowlioro in tho snow, they camo npori, as lie now felt ; 6aro thoy mnst,- the storiubound : wagon with Its precious contents. iFroui tln-ir cronchiug plnco it was imposslblo to rco across, the ridge that ssiiairitoil tlii-m from tho ravine referred to; bnt to tho southeast, tbo :prairie lay before thorn, and the keenest eye could detect no sign of hollow between > that which lay so near tbrrn and that from which those vagabond males had emorged - far out npon the plain. Somehow Brewster felt . certain tbnt now.rit Inst he vras.actnally witliin pistol shot -of tlio rimbnlunco, within speaking dlstanco, almost, of tho girl be so fondly loved, whoso very llfo at this instant dopeuiled pot only on Ills courngo. bnt also on his jndgiuout. O110 falsa movowonld fnin all. Bo long as. the. Indians " kept np their powwow nt the bond, so long win Wlnl frcd safo. Tho longer thoy delayed the nearer would it bring Murphy and the men from tho main crossing tlirco miles awny up stream. Then, sis to six, he conld huigli nt the Sinnx. Bnt nny ono who know Indians at till, know thnt tlio discovery of tho mules wanhl only set tlieui to work to (1ml tho snow "cnuip from which tlio animals had brokcii sway. Aye. even as these tilings flushed through his minil, Brewster conld see that they were signaling "halt" to the herd guard, nnd that two of the yonng- sturs wero lushing their ponies onl hi ' front of tho band and gradually bring ing it to n standstill. Almost at tho same . moment! too, tboso hi consnltation sepa rated, three riding swiftly after the herd, whilo tho other three, slowly and cuutioristy. begun ta advance toward the hollow wlionco tile mnles had emerged. Evideutly they exported to tind the white man's wagon there. Now Is yonr time, men." rimttcred Brewster. "Quickl Off \vith yonr side lines nnil donblo them about yonr burses' faro feot so tliat tlicy can't oven hobble ont of the drift. Kecp'thom hero. Take yonr lariat nnd hopplo my horso, ono of you. Throw him if need ha. I'll watcl) those beggnra i -town stream. Ah, I thought so," uv . muttered, "thoy'vo grabbed tho mnles and are examining (he harness: Ibat will tell them easily enough they were cot looso after break ing tbe pole. Quick, men! throw snow by tlio bnshel oil over yonr horses. Roll In it yonrsolves. Get nil tho white on yon can: then rnn down tbo gully ns soon as yon have yonr horses hidden and watch for my signal. The moment I say go, bond . donblo and scamper to tho ice yonder, ihen mako for tho bluffs i'll follow Instantly." Meekly tho . two troop' horses, ufter having been led to a deeper point down tbo coulee, bent their heads and sub- - mitted to the lnshing together of thoir foro feet, bnt Brewster's "Black Jack" was of different mold. Ho would not yiold. "Over wtth.blm, Morse. No time to loso now. Lash him tight or he'll break nway,"<callcd Brewster. And poor Jack's plunging availed him nothing. A moment more, with a dismal groan he was on his side in the soft, cold bed, the lariat' was being lashed arid knotted so that oven farions straggles conld not freo bhn, and tben, to add to tho indig nity, bis erstwbllo friends and comrades wero heaping new insnlt ant n Storm of snow npon him. Jack couldn't under stand It. ... "Ready, menl Thoy're jnst peeping over in the hollow now. Tho ' moment ' they're fairly in it, 1 givo tbe word." Twenty— thirty seconds of breathless silence. Then a qnick gesture; a quick. ; low toned, bnt imperative "Ool" Go they did, skimming over tho pool above the rapids, leaping tho narrow chasm where the black waters, dancing and frothing, had defied the ice king; ducking under tbo opposite bank: car bines in hand, revolvers at the hip, car tridges gleaming in every belt; and after them, leaping, yet bending low, went Brewster.- ''Another moment and they reached, the month of .fhe.ravino, burst through the powdery drift, and then, Brewster leading, eyes everywhere, al most on all fonts; they senrried along half way up tho opposite slope, keeping well nrider the crest anil jrist atthe odgo of the deep drifts to their right. . Fifty- sixty yards thoy made their rapid; way, and then rironnd a little band and among great heaps and monndsof glistening, sbimineiing. .white, there "rose" nn odd- shaped heap, only a trifle higher than its fellows, and from the midst of It . there, projected q ' dingy, whlty-brown canvas, slanting to the north, and .with a ery of delight half stlflod in his lips Ganoll ' Brewster leaped into the snow, : floundered to hU'armpits in the powdery -drift, and in a momont more had, forced his way through ' tho fragile white wall before him, had seized tha handle of tho doorand Winifred Berrien, starring from her mother's clasping arms, blinded for an instant by the glare of radiant snn- shinOvharoly able as yet to rally from tlxo v ; \- tiupor inio sluuu-cr- tinu wincu sbc iiuu - fallen, heard hor name called in Ihe jny. oils tones sl(o |:nc\v so well. nia|,savr hoi loyer. h stalwart, glo\vin;yyi>jiilcing yonng snow g'od. ull sparkling with the. wliito crystals, all - gllstenlng in tlie glo rlous .beams,- gnzhig 11(1011 Iwr with -a - . lovo ltglit lb" |da briiyu blue eyes that - .brought Instant glow to licroini wan aud pallid cheek. / And then, hi-fore she - -coinld evcil epcutr. before bur mother -could emerge from tlio onfolding robes. n shont was lienrd, then ilto sndtlen ring . bfu rifle shot, followed Iqstqutly by nil other, tho spat as of n w'lupliuh on the Canvas (op. Boiuetbing tore its way through the roof nnd front with spitetm | "Downl down upon the floor'.-botlt of . yon, quick I" shouted Brewster. - qs he , slnmmeil tbodoor, and tho liozt Instant, they heard the order, iu his cring trig tones, half stifleil ' lu the snow -. "Fire, inoni Keep -'eur offl Ftror "They board tlio unick bnrigt. bang', of carhinas closo lit uniid, the prompt re sponso of rifles dlstanf as were the first, the whistle of loud through tlio icy sir the shrill yells of battling Indians, the furionsgallopof bounding boofa. Every- . where to their front tlio rapid Are ill creased. More yells, partly of triiimpli. partly smmuoriing- 'additional wurrutrs to tho spot, then, tins muffled brut ot coming hoofs, and tn tho midst of - it nil, Brewster's stern voice, culm ami steady . "Aim well,' men, bnt Are lively Ibiu'l let them ngain .get so close ns to hiivo s shot nt the wagoni .AVatcli that alsive : all." Tiyq— tliree -niiiintes tho sound of bnttlo raged uliqnt tiionnincreaHi'iigrit the front Asoidii-r voice was hoird to say ' "Tlioro'a inore of them coming, sir Yon can see timui down thereto the east" And Mrs.' ' Demon's heart gi-ow faint with fear. Winifred had bnried hsi fnco npon her breast nnd closed her cars to tho liorrtd sonnda. And then, nil on n Buddeu. tbe yults of tho charging in dlans scorned to grow fainter,.' then sounds of dismay :.urose uinong them, then tho cries were drowned hi tho clat ter of ironnhod hoofs nnd the chorus of - soldier cheers. Murphy and his little squad camo whirling np the bank, 11ml Mrs. Berrien's benrt ponrcd forth in- pralso nnd tbaulisgiviug at tho joyons Milesian hull: "To holl wid 'cm, fellers! Sure nil B ' throop's coutln— not two miles behiudF CHARTER XHL There was silenco aud anxiety in the long range of winter camps ubout tlm agency. Tbo Twelfth were gone, no body knew just whore; hut over to the north, over toward those frowning "Bad Lands"— all tbo more wild nnd treacher ous now that tho snow had filled orery rift nnd crevico, for tho jagged surface wasoriB'mnss of pitfalls— uthor battal ions of bono wero also' gone, and. tbe vigilant watch over those Indians still clustering abont their old bunnts in the valley was redoubled. Tho hoavlor gnus of the Held buttery commanded the suioky lodges, tho lighter pieces were away with the cavalry- Tho infantry mnfflud to their eyebrows, manned the rifle pits nnd guard lino and threw their sheltering wings over the deserted camps. For good or for ill, tho crisis was at hand. Whatsoever doubt had oxisted ns to tlio almost nuivonuil bos. tility of tlio Blonx was banished by the events of the preceding week. The at tempted ambush of Bcrgeuut Ellin, ot Berrien's ndvnnco guard, the nttnek upon tho scouts uud couriers at the I 'or enpiuo, and. lastly, the. affair ut tbe Wolf, in which Brewster n second time Imd gained distinction, all pointed un erringly to ous couclnsion: whatsoever might ho their assurances to ofllciub- high in . rank, to ugents whoso powci would he ut ond wero war to'ensne. to self constituted framers of pnblic opin ion, ovory soldier on the sppt knew, nnd well know, tlmt tlio Indians would be peaceable only in presence of a fonniila . bio foi-co of blnecoats, bnt thnt nothing . but unibuali nml massncro nwulteil the wldtos who ventnircil forth nngunrded Up to tills iuomeiit. however, of nil those gathered , nt -tilt) scene tho only troops which lutd had uctuul collision, with the Sionx ivoro of Berrien's battalion. ''Var awny sonth . ut the Pawnee old iienyou hud been- doing bis utmost to still tho nnxions rears uuiong the famt lies of tho absent soldiers. There lluri keen lively cxcitemont wiien the papers arrived giving sensational details of Bar lion's wound ami of the affair at the Porcupiut). but it was as nothing to that which prevailed ovor the tidings of . the lihuiinout poril in whioh Mrs. Borrii-n anil. Winifred had been placed. That it was just like - Mrs. Berrien to insist on joining- lior wpuuded husband at once was conceded : by nll,;but opinions dif. fared. as.to the propriety of her conrse in biking Winifred with her. This the. tnttjar. decided by prompt assertion thnt Miss Berrien doubtless refused to be left bohiiid. "Aud, being . n rory . loroly blending of the characteristics of both her parents," said lie, "it wonld have beeu decidedly nnlike Miss Berrien to hare stayed at home." "And then c-nine the dread news that a great blind from the northeast, rein-, forced , by a reckless gang of fanatical yonng . ghost dnncors from the Bad Lands, had broken away,; nnd that oil tlio regiments bud gone to lieud them off. Fur, without- a tight, they could net go. The ipu-stiuu was which regiment would bo the .lint touieotthem. Then 'the next night's mail brought the next day's - . papers, and the Twelfth, having swung' , : -S ,. ., - . .. _ — ,. .'a - _ "Oh. Qotl! Xtu little onceP' 