FOOTLIGHT FANCIES The final performances of the Trilby burlesque are announced, and to-morrow night will be the last opportunity the public will have of seeing Miss Maggie Moore as the model of the Latin .Quarter, or Mr. H. R. Roberts as the scheming and dirty Svengali. Susiness, if it has not been booming, has at all events been good, and the management express themselves per fectly satisfied with the Adelaide season up to date. It is a significant fact that the burlesque has had a longer run than the play which had been the subject of so much advertising puffery, and as the concensus of opinion is adverse to the dramatic presentation of Du Maurier's story, and Trilby as a stage character will be almost forgotten six months hence, it is no little under taking to have kept the present bur lesque on the boards for a fortnight. On Friday evening a souvenir of Miss Maggie Moore will be presented to every visitor to the theatre, and this fact should tend to induce a larger patronage than usual. On Saturday evening the ever welcome " Struck Oil" will be staged, and there should be a full house. There are few persons in South Australia to whom Miss Maggie Moore's impersonation of Lizzie Stofel is unfamiliar. It is twenty years since this remarkably successful play was first produced in Adelaide, and the enthusiastic recep tion accorded to the charming actress, whose vivacity and excellent singing contributed in so striking a manner to the general success, must be vividly in the recollection of all old playgoers. A repetition of comparatively recent date demonstrated that Miss Moore's power to pour tray the loving though hoy demsh Lizzie has not sensibly dimi nished, and thus the wisdom of staging " Struck Oil" at the present juncture, is abundantly, apparent. A new gene ration will probably find the play as attractive as did their fathers and mothers, and full houses should rule at the theatre during the revival. That clever young actor, Mr. Harry Roberts, has already been seen in the part of John Stofel, and the occasion is one in which he completely sinks his identity than which it is impossible to pass a much higher compliment. Mr. Roberts might be expected to challenge unfavorable comparison with the original exponent of the r61e in Australia, but so skilfully does he contrive throughout that be has been everywhere the recipient of unstinted praise. Indeed Mr. Roberts's success in his native land encourages one to hope that when he extends the sphere of his operations he may achieve still greater triumphs. The world is before him, and there is plenty of room for exponents of cha racters such as those which Mr. Roberts has been u rider taking, while his versatility has been often mani fested by the assumption of parts of a widely different nature. The company, all things considered, ought to render valuable assistance, and Quiz ventures to predict for " Struck Oil" a most successful run. * * * Mr. Wybert Reeve left for Mel bourne on Tuesday afternoon for the purpose of making arrangements with a dramatic company to visit Adelaide at the conclusion of the present season at the Theatre Royal. It is under stood that Mr. F. H. Pollock has been engaging artists on behalf of Mr. Reeve, but at the time of going to press nothing was known as to the character of the performances which will eventuate. There is no reason why a good stock company presenting well known comedies should not do successful business, and it certainly will be a reproach to Adelaide if sufficient support is not forthcoming to keep our leading place of amusement open until Christmas. * * * The Cyclorama has been drawing crowded houses during the past week, and visitors from all parts, and of every shade of opinion, are unanimous in their expressions of admiration at the realistic representation of the great battle of Waterloo. The military and musical effects employed to illustrate Mr. Charles Richardson's explanatory lecture meet with general approval and evoke hearty applause. It is safe to say that an hour's inspection of the painting gives one a clearer idea of the battle than would be afforded by all the histories ever written, and thus the Cyclorama must be pro nounced to be of considerable educa tional value. Now that there is so much talk about " deeds that w<m the ! empire," a visit to the Cyclorama should form a part of the equipment of every citizen whose bosom beats with I patriotism at the mere mention of a bloody battlefield in which England came out on top. * * * The ninth concert of the winter series given by Herr Heinicke's Orchestra attracted a splendid house to the Town Hall on Saturday even ing ; indeed, there was not seating accommodation for all who were present. The popularity of the Orchestra is now established beyond all question, and so marked has the improvement made been during the last twelve months that the organisa tion might be relied on to score a triumph in any part of Australia. The chief factor in the success attained is, of course, the conductor. Herr Heinicke is indeed admirable, and it is a signal proof of his capacity that his slightest wish is law to the band of instrumentalists over whom he pre sides. Having implicit faith in his powers to direct them, there has been established a feeling of comradeship which lias been attended by the hap piest results. The carpings and jealousies which exist in similar bodies are conspicuous by their absence in the case of the Orchestra, and the absolute loyalty to Herr Heinicke is a most pleasing feature of this talented and popular association of musicians. The tendency in tbe past has been rather to sneer at local efforts to advance the musical tastes of the public \ it has remained for the Orchestra to demonstrate that in one instance at least a sneer cannot be fairly levelled. The works of the most eminent com posers have from time to time been performed with an enthusiasm and a finish that could not fail to be appre ciated by the musically educated, and) the success of the past gives glorious promise for the future. This is not hyperbolic language ; it is only a just recognition of an institution which has given unalloyed pleasure to thousands of our citizens. Last Saturday's pro gramme was dovoted principally to the compositions of Mozart and Weber. Some of the numbers were performed for the first time, and were received with due applause, despite the fact that in one instance at least the selection might have been thought too classical for a mixed audience to appreciate. The " Dead March in Saul" was played at the commencement of the concert as a tribute of respect to the I memory of the late Mr. J. A. Hartley, but the innovation cannot be com mended. The occasion was hardly a suitable one for such a performance, and the effect could not be otherwise than depressing. However, the pro gramme in other respects was all that could be desired. Miss Ethel Lohrmann was the only vocalist engaged, and her efforts to please were recognised most amply, inasmuch as both her numbers I were vociferously encored. The most successful sodg was unquestionably "The Yalley by the Sea," which Miss Lohrmann rendered with excellent ex pression. The last concert of the present series will be given next week, and will consist of selections made by the audience, in response to a request, last Saturday. * * * Dear Quiz—The Register critic says of the " Dead March in Saul "The public so generally hear this funereal writing performed either by a military band with a great prepon derance of brass instruments or as an organ solo that its rendering by an orchestra with its complements of strings may be said in a measure to have revealed its solemn yet beauteous strains anew. It was certainly afine I performance, the unusual tempo for the orchestra being well marked throughout. An improvement for an indoor performance would have been the muffling of the drum." I As the Register is read throughout the colonies, the above criticism, if correct, will afford our Melbourne and Sydney friends another opportunity to ridicule " Musical Adelaide." Con found it! The critic must have inadvertently omitted some qualifying adjectives, for has he ever heard prior to Saturday night a fine performance I of the " Dead March " when an im- j provement would have been the muffling of the drum. Shades of musicians ! J What is a funeral march without the drums muffled (indoor or outdoor) ? It I is no funeral march ; it is but a con temptible imitation of a performance peculiar to a street band, which every amateur (let alone a professional musician) knows, and which every critic ought to know.—Yours, Also a Critic. * * * Walter Bentley has bade a final adieu to the ghost that seldom walked upright when he managed. He is now teaching elocution in Brisbane, holds government appointments in the Schools of Arts in various parts of Queensland, and is the possessor of a pass to permit him to travel all over the numerous railway lines! He coaches the members of several dramatic clubs, and is alto gether doing very well, indeed, earn ing about ,£15 per week. He does not intend to go back to the "Old Shop" any more. When LamiDgton, the new Governor of" Queensland, made his first appearance in Toowomba, the town was en feter and seated in the Governor's carriage was Walter Bentley, who comported himself in the manner of a king enter ing his dominions ! It is whispered that Walter will be knighted in the near future!—Free Lance. * * * Allan Hamilton, agent for the Brough Comedy Company, writes:— My dear Quiz, "A Mother of Threeir has hit the bullseye, and promises to be a formidable opponent to " The Private Secretary " and " Charley's Aunt." I enclose programme and few notices. Unfortunately our dates are all full up for the next nine months, but we hope to be in Adelaide about the end of June, 1897. 