F'lOTKAU, The fool bul I season ended on Saturday last. Tile final malones on the Union Grouui were in aid of Ide funds of I tie Kockhauiptoii Hos- pital and Lading* Benevolent Society. Though the attendance was uot so large as the occa- sion and the capital programme warranted, st ill it was good, the takings amouuting to £32 12s. Od., which will bc- augmented by the J "uveruinent eiibaidy Lu ueariy £100, u nice little anni to divide bet iv. en the two institu- tions. A good many members paid for admis- sion iuHltiad of u&iug; .huir tickets, and hod anyone from either institution been present to assist the men at the gale, no doubt the takings would have been still larger. The weather was perfect, and the progisinnie wu* carried out very satisfactorily. The cycling mee was won by J. Al. Jones (115 yards), with 0. Kiugel (140 yards) second, and W. K. Cleeve (55 yards) third. There was no prize, and as it was quite evident some of the starters were not " trying " very hard, it may be hoped the handicappers will not fienalire those who did " try " and got nothing or it. The fancy drees parade was not so good as it might have been, but sover.il members appeared in lanciful costumes and gave the affair a gay appearance. Tlie opening match between the " Gondo- liers " an j " Pirates " waa a very cluse contest indeed, neither Bide being able to score. Two or three old players found their "cronk" legs give way, but otherwise everything went off smoothly. At thc last moment it was found that two or three who had been largely instrumental in arranging the match, were conspicuous by their absenco, and as these were the very men who were expected to furnish the comic element in the contest, their absence was rather unfair to the public. The match between the Old Wanderers and Old Berserkers was very interesting. One had only lo glance at the broad backs ami " a'dermania proportious" of many of the players to recognise how a few yearH of ease chai ges an athlete iuto a portly per^ouage, exceedingly Bhort in the wind. Hieru'werc a fe» exceptions, and on those the bulk of the work fell. Had Pratten, who is not an old time Wanderer, been out of the team the game wo"ld have been very close, but as it wuB the Wanderers had the best of it right through, and when their line waa occasionally in danger they defended it splendidly. A. ii. lompsoii scored two trieB for thc Wanderers, one of which was converted, and W. linton one for thc Berserkers, so the game ended in favour of the Wanderers by eight points to three. The Lake's Creek Club sent a team to Mount Morgm hist Saturday to play Otu Harriera, the premier club of the avason. Thin playing of a match bri ween the premier clubs of the Mount Morg«ui and Rockhamp- ton Unii>nn each year is u capital idea, and it may bc hoped will be followed in future years. On Saturday the Lake's Creek team proved too çood for their opponents and won by sixteen points to nil. The tries were obtained by Kelly, S apa ford, M'Currin, and Tilbury, two of these being converted by Kt. Ledger. The Creek leam arc thus not only the premiers of Rockhampton, but champions of the district. Thc final match amongst the Brittni. Association junior teams was played at Cawarral on .Saturday, and ended in a win fur the Lake's Creek team. Thc Creek playera have thus won the semor and junior competitions, a success they are natuiully very proud of. The football season of 1£96 was brought to a condini »n at Adelaide ou Saturday week, when the Ka Uv CB met and easily defeated the Ports. Taken as a whole the year waa au unsatisfactory one, the only redeeming feature being the brilliant play of the South Ade- laides, who scored an easy first, while the Norwoods were second. The Ports fell to the very bottom of the list, the North Adelaides being third, and the Natives fourth. A meeting of thc Sydney Rugby Union was held on Saturday last. Mr. J. J. Culvert, president, occupied the chair, and he was supported by Messrs. R. A. Arnold, W. M. Arnold, J. K, Macmanamey, J. Wood, C. J. Danehey, and \V. A. Rand (secretary to the union). The principal business was the pre* ablation of trophies in ooo nee ti on with the various com pot ¡lióos. The Association Cricket C round Challenge Cup and premiership medula were handed over to Mr. J. McMahon on behalf of Randwick Football Club. The Agricultural medals won by Wentworth F.C. were received by Mr. S. Brown ; thc first juuior medals, won by Newtown, were received by Mr, C. J. Pa rn-hey ; second junior, won by Mercantile, and received hy Mr. T. 1). Hyan ; third junior, Redfern-Waratah, Mr. How*, and fourth junior, and Woolahra, junior, Mr. .Stockholm. Mr. Arnold moved-** That it is iu the best in tereala of football that the New South Wales Rugby Football Union dUsoui&te; i I self from the control and mangeaient of club football, and that in future its opera- tions be confined to the control of football throughout the colony, the promotion aud management of inter-union matches and inter- colonial meeting*, and to act «B a coutt of Hp|tLa\\." Mr. J. Sanderson seconded, and the motion was cari led. tn closing the meet i UK the chairman said that he hoped in thc future the playera would follow the advice ot Lord Hampden, when preset!ting the prices at Kio.g's School, that they, the players, should go into the field more with the i u ten ti on uf kicking the football, not the referee. PSION OHOCNP, 26TH SEPTEMBER. Thia is Resurrection Day t hurry and bc «pry, All tbe old boys are catherin? far and nigh ; A glorious «un li shining in our brilliant Queensland weather, And crowds have conic to welcome old heroes of t he leather. Not poor pale ghosts revisting the glimpses af thc t< oon, Tue)' are real substantial spool ree, yon vii) Dot«, thii afternoon ; You'll allow me JuBt to whisper a fact I much deplore The brave old boys ore fatter than they were in dayi ci yore. There's a something less of lightness, as they run frotr place to place There's a somelhiug mare of stiffness, there's a souie thing lena of crace ; And if they've gol to wait a blt for brratfa. Just no« and chen, The "old boys" must remember-they are now non solid men. Onrc mort! the brave old ¿allying cry is borne upon tnt: air, And 'fGood old Herks" is taken up, and shouted fai and'near ; Our blood comes rushing quickly, with a suddei omweriHtf thrill, And echo seems to answer back from Uerscruer's ok hill. There Are witchlne-eyes to watch them, as they did ii dav* oi yore, Though the earlier crop of beauties has been husbanded before, And tbese hear with scornful wonder, of all the feati we Buy, The same old boys were doing in that far book footbal day. W hen we speak of runs and rushes, brilliant goals 01 daring ides, They tuin the merry wonder<rf their unbelieving eyes *' The Ung ls dead ; long live the king " their meir} glances say. Their ''Toms, and Dicks, and Harrys" are the ¿croo of the day. Veil ! among that dauntless anny there are two, I di declare! Who have not been resurrected, they've got no busi ness lhere4 Thu -'keru of a hundred fight*/' what is he dolof here If it's Dot his astral body, lt ls really rather queer. Tao tfhoBts among that gallcnt crew of glorious foot ball name, Have left their football glories for .histrionic fame. Another J may mention in some Lethe's garden posea; For lie's cast aside bin laurels to dc« ole himself u roses. Gone are the days, my gallant crew, that were to you nj and Jair, Another day has dawned for you, "eic transit," yau'n But though the youngsters fanoy that your footbal I sun ja set. Thc fool is quite apparent, they can teach you nothing i yet. WARRAH. I SOBJ7MMAOB. 