On the Way to Dongola. Whiit "Standard" Special Corresron dent.) AMBIGOL WELLS, 5tine 3. 'or the last twenty-four hours we wave really felt that we were on our "way. After long and weary waiting the advance in force has begun, and the expedition is coiling and moving from tail to head. Although very little was allowed to ltranspire officially, it was impossible to keep hidden the fact that a general attack on the dervish outposts was intended. Our experiences since yesterday morning have made us realise that Wiir, in grim, and hot, and earnest truth, is before us. The tenth Soudanese had.tist come in from Suakim, when the Sirdar left for Akasheh, and correspon derdts were told that they would be takfen up by special truck next day; official starting time, half-past five a.m. iorning revealed an empty line, and the engine, which had broken "an eccentric," was helped in by a "water 'carrier" about nine o'clock, and went to hospital for repairs. Meanwhile, the ''enth and their followers marched down ,and began occupying every available -corner in their peculiar way, being as difficult to drive off, and as pertina cious in returning, as the flies of their Country. After sitting for an hour or so in our saloon carriage, we all sallied forth for some breakfast, but hurried back on a false alarm of the convales pence of the engine. Towards noon it began to be monoto nous, but nobody dared to quit his cor ner, for either fear of a sudden depar ture, or of an encroachment of the black brigaue. And so we sat on, a little hungry, very thirsty, and hot beyond de scription, with a grizzling wind whist ling through the almost red-hot shut ters, until half- past two, when we were shunted vigorously by a gang of clank ing chained convicts, who ran us so forcibly into the main train that our pails and goulahs were instantly over turned, and the floor of our saloon converted into a swamp, in which were swimming rinds of water melons, soda, water corks, and bread crusts, over a bottom of chicken bones and ration tins. Then came an asthmatic whistle and all the doors flew open to an inva sion of the native officers of the regi ment, who sandwiched themselves in amongst the correspondents, who forth with began to growl as loudly and as ineffectually as camels. "Officers of my battalion first," remarks the command ing officer, and there is no time to lodge any protests, as the last "Sagh," or Sou danese officer, is hardly in before the train actually is in movement. We have been waiting for it since five, and stiting in it since ten, so do not much care what the conditions may be, if only they may shorten our residence on the railway. As it is the first time, indeed, that anything like discomfort has been inflicted upon us, we cannot really grumble with any show of reason. Our sable companions are also the quiet est travellers one could wish to meet, and after sharing fruit and cigarettes, we are quickly on the best of terms all round. My next neighbour, as we go past Gemal, remembers how he helped to drive the dervishes out of tue old fort by the river, and how they built the new one. He has seen nearly a) years' service, and for the last five or six has been at Suakim. And then he chats of the fight there last month, and how he hopes to be at them again be fore long. In the same train, but another compartment, are the Heads of the Intelligence, Wingate Bey, Slatin Pacha, Major Benson, and others, not the least striking of whom was Sheikh Abdul Azim, of the Ababdehs-the one who recently made the big "scout" from Musah Wells down to Abu Hamed and further. A handsomer or pleas anter face and more dignified bearing It would not be easy to imagine. Men like this are the feelers of the Intelli gence, and will be of even greater ser vice as the campaign proceeds. Slowly we plodded on, reaching Sar ras, now almost deserted, at about six. Here Girouard Bey took charge of our poor engine, and drove us as best he could into Ambigol Wells at half-past nine. We had sat nearly 12 hours in our carriage, and were very pleased to say a long good-by to the railway; but, nevertheless, it is one of the most wretched experiences in life to be lan ded In the dark in a strange place, especially when that place is a bare desert. Our kindly engine-driver in vited us to follow him to his tent, find something to eat and drink, and to camp anywhere we liked round about, but not to expect entertainment, a.s he had not slept for 42 hours, and must turn in for a short rest before seeing the serivce back to Halfa begin. What has made the working especially diffi cult has been that lately the telephone and telegraph to all intermediate sta tione have practically broken down, and without these it is almost impossible, even with good material, to run three or four trains on a single line. When, however, the lines are worn the sleepers ivarped,and the engines altogether de crepit, and yet expected to carry ex ceeptionally heavy trains over all sorts of gradients, it is only curious that the 'whole service has not given way long nago. Yesterday, as a matter of fact, ;nobody at Ambigol knew that the t2enth was coming, and, besides the acbstacles in the way of getting them 'hera, on arrival the camp was found to be almc st out of water. Altogether Amibigol at 11 in the evening was not the' place to enjoy oneself, but by 12 the trunks had been emptied pell-mell on the sand, the fatigue party had filed off,.the echoes of continuous swearing had d'ied away, and there was a .siort sleep. At two, however, bugles began to blow, orderlies to gallop noisily to and fro, zmd camels to stalk like ghosts in the monllight in endless files. These were carryving the transport of the Tenth, and very weary they were. Just then the last Halfa train came in with the second half of the regiment, who paraded roughly before being dis missed for a much needed rest. It was not much use trying to sleep any more, so we had an early tea, shook hands with the restless Girouard, who mounted the first back train to Sarras, and waited for dawn, listening to the stirring sounds, Itke to none others of a pamp- breakingup for its march to the front in the small hours; the tramp of many feet growing louder or fainter, the short, sharp words of command, which alone give voice to an atmosphere neverthelesscuriously instinct,ina fash iou of its own, with human life, energy, and motion; and feeling that at length we are seeing the curtain rise for the first act. Before six the sun is up, and those who are making an early march are already in the saddle, the chiefs of the Intelligence Department being, of course, amongst the number, surroun ded by a swarthy and picturesque body guard in snow-white robes and tur bans, riding their own and leading the private hedjins, each with his master's name printed on his neck, and wearing a saddle complete with every comfort in case of need. As last commissions are being given for the front by the less fortunate ones who are not yet off, a cloud of dust appears in the north, and soon developes into the Camel Corps. At its head rides Tudway, looking lean and sunburnt as he pulls up his fast trotter to shake hands with Fenwick, and remark that his fight at Suakim was "one of the finest things of the century." Fenwick smiles under his moustache and nods his acknowledge ment, and you would hardly guess that a month or so back he was standing on a bare hill down by the Red Sea with thirty or forty dismounted cavalrymen, holding his own against an odd thou sand of Osman Digna's hordes from morning till sunset, with four empty bandoliers round him and the smoke of a hundred and fifty of his own rounds in his nostrils. At least, this is what is said-and it is probably true, though it might be hard to obtain confirmation from himself. It takes twenty minutes for this show to go past, and if ever a corps looked workmanlike and ready it was this. A good deal more might be written, but two tents have alreay been struck over this article, which has also been several times pursued in leaflets over the desert, chased by a wind which comes careering in unexpected blasts through the third and last tent, called the casual ward, in which I have taken refuge before a final march this after noon, in the merry company of the Black 10th, to Akasheh. I expect to reach there on the 4th, and to have an account of the assault of Ferket to post very shortly afterwards. 