SOEHHHG SEASONABLE There is naturally in a Christian com munity a tendency at this special sea son to take stock, as It were,, of the v, 'oriel's . rnoral balance-sheet. Anxious investigation .is made to .discover whe ther there may be something to credit of the sentiment appropriate to the day, "peace on earth; and goodwill to ward man." ' It must, we fear,, be con-: fessed that no large surplus of either can be exhibited. At any rate, the prur dent calculator will be disposed to pass a considerable amount to reserve for contingencies. - The. prospect ahead is disquieting. , . Still, it will be conceded even by' the pessimist, that this gene ration lias much to be thankful for as regards the past, and considerable rea son for hoping with respect to the fu ture. Since Christmas was last cele brated the .world lias, been subjected to not more than average disturbance.- Two Oriental nations have broken out into an ebullition of cut- throat activity, and one of the minor Powers of Europe has been repelled somewhat disastrous-, ly from an attempt to inf rlnge.the rights of a seml- barbardus'people.' Great Bri tain has successfully waged .one of' the smallest of her inevitable little war. Spain has had a savage struggle with the inhabitants of-" two of her ancient colonies. But the really, formidable military Powers of the earth — those whielt number their warriors by mil lions—have been quiescent. The mur derous Internal outrages of the Turk have indeed led to several critical situ ations, and the closed doors of the Temple of Janus have more than once creaked on their hinges as though about to open. But the convulsion, so long and persistently threatened, tylilch would fling nation upon nation and drown mankind in an universal deluge of blood, has not broken forth. And although it may he conceded that there are portents and signs, and that the sheeted ghosts of war and rapine gibber and mutter, there is the comforting ex perience that premonitions of woe such as these have been happening every Christmas for nearly a score of years, and nothing has come of them. The world's population lias, consequently, become accustomed to . this not very comfortable condition. Like the dwel lers around Vesuvius, with buried cities under their very feet, tliey. have learned to endure the chronic sequence of shocks and heavings, puffings, of smoke- and jettlngs of flames as Incidents Inseparable from the con-- dltions under which they live. If the aspect of the world's affairs be.no better than It was a year ago it is at any rate,- .no worse. The prospects for thenext twelvemonths differ scarce ly at all from the prospects looked for ward to last Christmas, and on many previous Christmases. And since cloudy prospects then were followed by years of . peace, there- is caus'e for hope that the. same annual experience may , be re peated once more;- ' , The cheerful associations of the sea son may be indulged without any irra tional disregard > of true, conditions. Men and women can eat, drink and be merry without, being stung to riotous excess by any such hideous afterthought as "for to-morrow . you die." The time may be a glad tino for wise men, as well as for thoughtless ones. Innocent gaiety and harmless mirth are splendid remedies for excess of anxiety and monotony of worry. . With a climate su premely indulgent at - this : time of the year, and natural .. . opportunities for access' to spots of ' beauty . fanned by purest breezes, our population'. would show but a poor heart did It not, rejoice in the facilities of the time ancl place. But beyond all other, seasons this is the season of sympathy. If it be a poor heart, that never rejoices, it is indeed one destitute of ali that eniiolies tlie soul which never' contributes 'to the .,re- Jofoing of others. While the more fo&u; nate — those who have .enjoyed pros perity, or even those who have had the smaller advantage of remunerative em- I ploymont — are more than Justified in ' seeking opportunities for genial relax- j ation,-;' they would fall far short of, malt- ling perfect their own happiness were they. " ' , to wrap themselves in selfish, indul gences. Seldom before, if ever, in the history of the colony has the proportion: of people absolutely, without means to: procure the slightest alleviation : of dis tresses become chronic,, been - so con siderable. It would be almost to' repeat the ignorant exclamation, which sound ed so like cruel taunt, of the French great lady were anyone to exhort the population oC Sydney to enjoy the holi day, yet be oblivious that there are but too many who lack not only the cakes of merriment, .but the dry bread of bare subsistence. A some-? thing, a trifle, a percentage deducted from the funds set apart or saved up for: pleasuring, if appropriated, to the solacing of misfortune and the allevia tion of penury, would Impart to the bal-. ance a property of quickening enjoy ment, which would more than compen sate for any fancied curtailment of its quantity. There Is no bread so sweet to a man as that which he gave to be eaten by another who needed It sorely. Happiness is a subtle thing, and resem bles nothing -'else - wltriini - tlje wide re gions of sensation.- The more one dis tributes and gives away to other people the (more one enjoys and possesses. It Is the true contents of the 1'a.bled purse of Fortunatus, yet exceeds the legend. No matter how much was disbursed from that pui'se fulness yet remained within. But when the purse of Felicity is dipped into -for donations to be lav-, ished all round,, it . is not merely ful ness which persists. The casket brims over the more its exhaustion is attemp ted. 'It is not sufficient to secure for oneself the enjoyments of this season. The best results cannot' be achieved by attempts narrowed within the limits of self. If one wisheB to taste the essence of the day in its fullest flavour, the only way is to so address one's efforts as not only to grasp but also to give A .Merry Christmas. 