A Remarkable Bird- It was in the year 1870 that mutterings were first heard of a new disease having broken out among the flocks yrhich depastured on the tussocky spurs of the South Island o£ New Zealand. Shepherds told strange stories of finding sheep prostrated, dying from the effects of a sore about the size of a man's hand, the seat which was immediately over the kidneys. For a time, although it was noticed that the number of victims increased nightly, no one was able to account for the presence of this patch of raw flesh. At length someone surprised a kea, or mountain parrot, settled upon the back of a , live sheep, in the act of driving its beak into the animal's body. It is extremely amusing to watch the kea when it is feeding on the ground. Having select^ a spot which it considers favorable for the purpose, it sets about unearthing the larvae on which it sometimes feeds with a thoroughness and evident earnestness of purthat are quite refreshing to see. Rapidly, and with astonishing force, stroke follows stroke of its pickaxe-like^beak, the loosened seil flying about in all directions. the watcher makes the slightest sound it stops instantly, withdraws its head from the hole it has dug, stretches its neck, and glares angrily round to see who it is who dares thus to trespass in its wild domains. If it sees nothing, and all remains still, it says Whar-rk " indignantly, and begins grubbing away as furiously as ever. Should the noise be repeated np comes the head again, for all the world like a jack-in-the-box, with a eharp, interrogatory "Wbark!" Again lepeat the sound and the bird leans forward, opens its wings, looks for a moment as if it were going to rise, and then waddles off in a succession of clumsy hops, shaking its head, and muttering os it goes a protesting " Ke-a, ke-a, whar-r-rak 3" One night at Mount Cook, as I sat before roaring camp-fire in company with some shepherds, who were talking, in their homely forcible way of the lights and shadows of the wild and lonely lives they lead, I heard an eerie tale told in connection with the kea. Many years ago three shepherds were assembled in an out-of-the-way hut for the purpose of " mustering" on the morrow. As they sat round the fire smoking and talking, one of them expressed disbslief in the statement that a kea would attack a living sheep. The man was a stranger in the district, having but recently arrived from the North Island, which would account for his ignorance in the matter. The argument waxing warm, the sceptic waggered a month's pay that if he clothed himself in a sheep's skin, went out upon the spur and going down upon his bands and knees, feigned distress by imitating the plaintive bleat of a lost sheep, no birds would dare molest him. The wager was accepted, and the other shepherds, having tied the skin of a sheep which they had that day killed about their mate, watched him disappear in the darkness. It was a wild night. A high wind cut across the surface of the tussocky ridges like a knife, the sky was hidden by scudding clouds, and everything was dark and melancholy in the extreme A dreadful night—one in which a flock of ravenous mountain parrots, roused by winter's famine, might even fsrget their natural fear of man and attack him as lessly as they would a helpless sheep. From time to time the men in the hut went to the door and peered into the blackness without, momentarily expecting the return of their companion. Once, towards midnight, they fancied they heard above the shrieking of the gale a cry which, though but faintly audible, filled their hearts with a sense of terror. They started up with white faces and, holding their breath, listened. As the uneathly sound was not repeated they recovered from the momentary feeling of awe, and, forcing a laugh, told themselves that it must have been the screech of a wood hen. But they went to the door no more. Morning came, but no man to claim his wager. The two shepherds searched diligently for their mate until sundown, but without success. As the day wore on and brought them no relief, the remembrance of the cry they had heard the preceding evening forced itself with ever-increasing significance upon their minds, At length when dark shadows lay in solemn folds over the ravines, and the mountain crests looked dim and ghost-like in the waning-ligbt, they came upon him. How he came to be in the state in which they found him will never known. His.mind was gone, and as for his body-i-it was in a condition which I do not care to describe. What He Needed—"Maude, I—I have something*© Bay to yon. but I—I am really afraid to say it." "WelL wait a minute; I'll tell ay brother Willie to bring von a pail of sand, Willie 1" 