I'ue decision of the Chief Secretary to remove live members of the water police from Williumstown and bnUsti bute three members of the foot police from other districts is a very round about way of r< ducing the local force by two men. It means that live men who have made their fioffltx in Wil liamstown, and own the houses i|jpy accupy, must 1 ave thei.r property behind them and pay rent in another suburb, and that three policemen must be put to the sane inconvenience in other suburbs to come here and replace the five who are to quit. If it joiild be shown that this would put she force in a better position for tire .York to be done, there p d be some ustificalion; but, unt’rtvmately, Pl)}§ .s not the ease.' | First of ail, the ioreign slipping^ in the river is jnimportanfc ; the Harbor Trust is on ts last legs aud there is no telling how soon the colony will grow tired of the ffftste of money inyolyed in dredging ;he river for foreign iilli{>pjng. which ran be accommodated at the .saype price to the consignee and at less :to ;he country in the bay. Mr Styles, las already a motion on the notice | japer regarding this very question and | jrobably when the member has been i leard in support of it, the Ministry ; vill be convinced that the shipping •an never bo properly provided for in ,hu river, no matter whr.t extrava gance be resorted to in the attempt. Williamstown, as the first port of ;all for inward bound and the last for mtward bound vessels, would require a .vuter police service wherever the ,-cssels berthed. From its geographi cal position, the Cus'oms Department bids it most convenient to clear vessels at Williamstown, and the Health Department grants pratique, through its Bay Health Officers, at this port. Mr Peacock will thus see the great necessity of maintaining a boat’s crew of water police here for Juty in the event of small pox on a mall steamer or any emergency in the shipping. If five imm be removed, there will be only thr. e water police left, a number which is not sufficient to handle the class of boat used here for police duty. Williamstown will have only three water police; Port Melbourne already has three ami there will be five, it is p'osumed, at the South wharf. A more practical way would be to organise a crew for the bay and a crew for the river. The two Williamstown men required else where should bo removed direct with out causing au interchange by which eight men will be changed to accomplish the satin result. The three water police at Port Melbourne could be removed to the South wharf, and two sent from Williamstown to join them, making a boat’s crew for the river, and there would still be a boat’s crew left here for the bay. This would be a fairer division of the work That policedtry in Williamstown lias been extraordinarily slack wc fully admit; it is duo to the great shrink age in shipping, as compared with a few years ago; but when trade revives Williamstown will be busy again and the water police will be all required. The nature of the skipping trade has a'so al tend: when sailing ships did most of the work, each vessel remained in port for months ; now a big steamer makes three trips to a sailing boats two and can take four times as much cargo each t ime; and instead of remaining months in port, she is away a<»ain in a few hours. This jias altered the situation in regard to water police duty and it would be better to transfer three of the water police here to the local foot police than to adopt so much circumlocution as is suggested to g"t rid of two men. Jt vyould accomplish what the department, is aiming at just as well. The Mayor (Councillor Bolton) and Mr Styles, M.L.A., have been interesting themselves in the question during the week, and as the Chief Secretary has invited sug g. stions, it will bo well if the Town Council suggest a means ny which the efficiency of the water police service can be preserved and the reduet'on in local strength made in a simpler man tier than lias been recommended by the department. A meeting of the joint committee appoin ted hy the I’ort Melbourne and Williamstown oiulay*iTexkJat'"i>ort Slei huurnc to o.mai.ler tile plan and specification.) for the work as prepared hy the joint sur veyors, Messrs Heath and (JhainpioD. It s proposed to make a deviation at Ross street iulo Gralium street, instead of eontiuirng direct into Norniautiyruad, which is a (juirtnr of-a-toile shorter. A diieet road would, however, ho more expensive and this is why it has not been provided for, though it is probable that the money iu hand would be sufficient fur a direct road right through. The marram grass will be obtained from the Port Fairy Council and it is expected that application fur it will be tpado without Mr Smart, tho representative of Ur Perkins sterilised air process, lias not fixed a date for his visit to Williamstown. but has promised to come. Kxperts appointed by tho Tasmanian and New South Wales Governments have airoady reported to their respective colonies that tile process is on undoubted sitee"ss ; Mr S'nchir, the representative of Victorian Agricultural Department, after so examination of the process in America, lias recommended the procesB to the Victorian Government, and in order to remove all possibility of doubt, Mr Smart’s proposal to the Victorian Govern ment is that tho process should be submitted to an independent test bore before auy bargain iB entered into. 1)r Smart has already informed an Aye interviower thal premises near tho ra-lways and shipping will be required and Mr Styles M.L.A. has coutidonlly expressed tho view 'that the Breakwater pier Bite is t|jc best p the eolouy. The Cabinet has decided to take no action with reference to the unrcmuncrutivc ex penditure of the department on railway piers. Mr MathicBUU iu a recent memo randum to the Government pointed out that tho int’.rcct on the capital expended iu this direction amounted to about £15,000, to which has to be added another £10,0110 for maintenance, apd while encouragement was afforded by the piers for competition by sea, all the wharfage rates went to the Customs department and the Melbourne Harbour Trubt. A book entry might oar tainly bo credited to the department on the account so as to make the deficit appear less, but the. Premier fails to see what can be done to give any tangible assistance to the depart ment iu the matter. He points out that tbe dues bavo already been voted to tho Customs i department nnd the Harbour Trust, and it should bo recognised that the wharf lines are needed by the Railway department for the export of produce. The beautiful eantuta “Daniel" will bo given on Thursday next in the church, JJIectra street^ by the Wesleyan Sunday' School chojr, conducted by Mr Salt, with i grand organ and orchestral accompaniments,: The orchestra will bp under tjio capable leadership of Mr A. J. Parkes. Miss Lily Hall will preside at the organ, aud there will bo quartets aud solos by leading poealists. As tho choir lias bceu in uetivo fefiearsaf fop some week", a good rendering of fhe piece is eoiitjdcutly expected. The price of the tickets is bil each. A young unmarried wopiau of respectable appearance was before the court ou Tuesday morning. She bad been uuder remand, and tbu medical officer of the Melbourne goal certified that she was suffering from epilepsy and mental weakness. If she were admitted jtofho Women’s Hospital for operation he considered sfie might recover. Her sister wu in ppiirf on.d statgd J5h,a jiad already been in that institution, and also jn the i Melbourne and St. Vincent's Hospitals. As a result of her illness she was hardly right in her head. The young lady was discharged on flte understanding that an effort would be ma^lo to secure fier admission to a charitable inatitudou. I The vessels of the Australian Auxiliary Squadron are expected in Hobson’s Bay So-day. It is expected they will remain jver the racing carnival. Their anchorage id not known as yet by Captain Thrussell, issistaut Harbor Master, but it is probablo that some of the vessels of tho fleet will be stationed off the Breakwater pier. At the meeting of the Mechanics’ IuBtituto Committee held on Thursday evening, Mr J. A. Thompson, president, in tho chair— Present : Messrs Reid, Oldham, Russell, Dempster, Power aud Worthington—tho fiuance Committee subinittod a revised rato of charges whieli, after considerable discus sion, was adopted; it being considered that on account of tho depressed times, tho public should bo afforded all reasonable facility for making use of the hall and rooms of the institution, &e.; It was resolved that a letter of condolence should be sent to the relatives of the late Sir George Verdon, acknowledging the many and valu able services rendered by that gentleman when the institute was lirst founded. It was stilted that probably another concert would be given shortly in aid of the building fund, at which it was hoped Madame L'rcbolli would appear. Tho ceremony of the Forty Hours Ador tion commeuced at St. Mary’s Church at eleven o’clock mass on Sunday last, when the pastor, Rev. G. Byrne, officiated. A sermon on the Real Presence was preached by tho Rov. Father Byroe, who stated that Christ, before ascouding iuto Heaven, promised that he would not leave his followers orphans but would send the Paraclete to teach them all truth aud to abide with them forever. It was recorded that before this took place, the Apostles were afraid to go abroad ; but afterwards ** they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with divers tongues the wouderful works of God.” It was the Catholic belief that Christ dwelt in His church ; that he was really, truly aud sub stantially present in the Tabernacles of Rer altears and tb;s ceremony, which had been instituted in the thirteenth century, was intended as an occasion of thanksgiving and of asking for assistance in temporal and spiiitual necessities. The ceremony con cludrd with tho Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament and a procession on Tuesday morning. Yesterday afternoon Mrs Andrews, a resideut of Giffard street, reported that a suit of clothes Imd been stolen from tier premises. Enquiries made by the police led to three men, apparently awagsmen, being suspected, aud a sharp leak out was kep for them ; but it is believed they had dis appeared beforo the case was reported. 