Tales of the Unsxplainahle. (By Ernest Favenc) TEQB INVISIBLE HORSEMAN. ? . HE moon was full and . JfflPSn m about half-way to the Tff^H( y zenith, and the tall trees jajb -** on either hand threw Tp^g black shadows across J£b JSf tu the bridle track I was \rfo)-myjr riding klone. The sha dows were abrupt and strongly marked. Pre sentiy I heard the sound of a horse's footfall fol lowing me, and glanced round to see who it was who was overtaking me. To my surprise, I could see no one, although' the footfall had sounded quite close, and ap peared to be travelling sr^irtly. Twice this occurred, and I began to fancy that I was encouraging a hallucination, when the sta tion lights came in sight, and I rode gladly on, for a nasty superstitious feeling was be ginning to creep over me. The station was owned by a widow — doubly bereaved— for six months after the death of her {husband her only son, a pro mising young fellow of about 18 or 19, was killed by his house falling on Mm only three miles from the station. I was living on a neighboring station, so rode up to the bache lors' quarters as a matter of course, and un saddled and turned my honse out. A hearty welcome, a nip of Mackay, and a rough but plentiful feed, soon drove all thoughts of the superaiatnrafl oat of my -brain. I told the boys, however, what queer fan cies had come into my head on the road, and! was Qstonasihed,,to see that they took it gravely aaid ? \- 'That sound, has been heard before,' said : Doyle, the oldest r man-; -tihere.' 'It was on just sucn' a moonlight night as this that young. .Murdoch. r.was kill ed, and at the very ,- .piace where you heard hte -footfafl.,.; VHe. was canr tering along, with *he Mack hoy riding be ?hmd, when Ms hoose tripped and roiled xight over on top of him. E3Hed ham in stostly.'-' - . ? . 'And is it only on 'moonlight nights like this 4ihat he wailks?' 'So they say; but 43iat is not aU the yant It was on that same night thsft Mis.. Murr doch— you know what a severe'-'WiMnan she is-rfound out *hat pcetty iititie Maggie, the giri «be J»wi«ht up wi«hher as toaH£ -aerraaA, ? ? ? ' \ ? ? ' :? '?- ? ^.-ff1'; ' ralf -eompaffliion, was likely fo- become a; too ther. She got in a terrible state, and when Maggie, in her shame and' terror, confessed that young Murdoch was the man, she hear Jy went mad. Late as it was, she had the torses put in the buggy, and told me to drive Maggie over to the township— she would not have her on the place another night. I protested, but it was useless, and when we got about three miles away, for that bridle track is a short cut on to the road, there was the dead body of the man who had sworn to marry her arid save her* good name, lying in the moonlight on the dusty track. 'I don't want to go through that scene over again, I can assure you. The black boy had ridden in. and raised an alarm, and some men came out to bring the body in. I managed to quieten the girl somewhat and pushed on to the township; but next morn ing she was in, a raging fever, and what wirJi that and having a dead child born pre maturely, poor Maggie nearly died too. She recovered, however, and went away some where—nobody knew where. Ever since the clatter of a horse can be heard coming along that bridle track on moonlight nights. I don't know whether Mrs. Murdoch has heard of it or not, but I expect she has.' * * * * Mrs. Murdoch soon left the station which had such bitter memories for her. I-oyle and the other fellows had wandered off one by one, until at last there were none of the old hands left. The superintendent had oc casion to hire a married couple, and pro cuieu uiie in nut; ueiguuxmg iajw±iesiu.jj. -lu« man was a surly iU- conditioned lout, whilst the woman was neat and tidy, wibh the re mains of past prettLness on her sad and worn face; they were without children. They had not been there long before it was found out that he was in the habit of beat ing his wife, and being tackled by one of the other men about it, he showed up a cur. But this did not help the poor woman, who probably received extra punishment on the quiet in consequence of the man's interfer ence. The story of the ghostly footfall had of course been -handed down, and it was no ticed that often of a moonlight night the poor silent woman would steal out and walk along the ghost's pad, as it was called. One night, when it was almost as clear as day, one of the men, smoking in the veran dah of the men's hut, saw the woman steal out along the ghost's pad. Shortly after wards he noticed the husband slink after her. and, fearing he meant mischief, the man. who was the same one who had inter fered before, went after him. The woman was standing looking expectantly along the road, when her husband went up to her, and, putting his hand on her shoulder, told her roughly to go home. She shrank away from, him and he lifted his fist At that moment the watcher heard the approach of the in visihlA Iio-tcp 5Mu1 ririfr Wh(*fhf»r -Hia 'wo man really saw anything or not it was not possible to tell; but she lifted her hands up and her face was transformed with joy. As for the husband he gave one glance in that direction, then took to his heels and ran home. After that the woman, was free to wander out to the ghost's pad whenever she liked, but it did not alter her husband's behavior to her when on the station. It was about 12 o'clock one night when the whole home stead was awakened by a shriek of mortal terror. It came from the room off the kit chen where the coupleslept. Hastening there they found the woman with her face bruised and bleeding from a blow, standing half dressed in the middle of the room and the man extended on the fioor senseless. The tale told by the woman was that her husband had quarrelled with and struck her. That then something, she knew not what, had come between them, and her husband had fallen to the floor, uttering the cry they had heard. When the man came to«his senses he could tell nothing, excepting that he admitted hav ing struck his wife and being immediately felled by what, he said, was a red hot fist. Strange to say, there was now visible a dis tinct burn on his temple where he said he had been struck. The story was very strange. The poor woman had not the strength to strike such a blow, and the man could not have inflicted it himself. The mystery was never solved, but the man be came different after that; less violent, but more taciturn and sullen. Some months af ter that a distant shot heard in the middle of the night roused one or two sleepers whose rest was light, but nobody took the trouble to rise and investigate the matter. In the morning the husband waited on the super., and told him that he had accidentally; shot his wife during the night. His story ran that he had followed his wife, suspecting that these visits of hers to the ghost s pad were only a screen for cover ing an illicit love affair. He saw his wife seated on a log beside a young man or boy, who had his arm round her waist. That he took aim and fired at this man, and that the bullet passed through the man and struck his wife. The body of the one-time pretty Maggie was found at the place he described, and buried by the side of young Murdoch. And from that date the tramp of the ghostly horse was heard no more. The author of her death persisted in his story up to the min ute that the bolt was drawn and he dropped into eternity. He avowed that the youth embracing his. wife was no being of this earth, for the charge had no effect on him at &lj.; And the doctor who had examined the corpse of the murdered woman told a strange story that few could believe. 