ELEANOR'S PllIDE. " My greatest wish is never to look upon yom face again !" exclaimed tlie speaker, excitedly. And my greatest-rffort shall be to secure to you the realisation ot that wish !" was the answer. The two who confronted each other, one with cheeks palliil jnrt dartc eyes flaming angrily, the other cold, scornful, immovable, hail lmt three years before promised at the altar to love and oherUh each other intensely. Eleanor Dare turned from her husband, her breath coining consulsively, her bosom bearing, nnd her eyes fell on her child-their child lying iSleop in its little bed, its sweot beauty iit'|"'sling powerfully to the mother's heart. V. iih a stilled cry she fell on her knees by the crib, burying her face in the coverings. There are forces under nature's control tap Md of working chances in man's heart I lint all tho logic of sages could not produce The sight of his wife, the mother of his ehij^j kneeling in mute despair besides-the little one smiling in its innocent sleep, stirred nil tlie pent up tenderness of Dare's lienrt. He took a hesitating step forward and laid one hand lightly on Eleanor's shoulder. "Willi a shudder she drew away from him, not looking up. His hand fell beside him. " Eleanor !" he said half pleadingly. She did not answer. Coming nearer, he bt-nt over the two, saying in tones neither calm nor steady " Pcihapi we are both mistaken, Eleanor. Cau we mend this matter ? Do you WHnt peace or shall it be as you said just now-a lasting separation " The powers of pond and evil were struggling desperately for mastery in the soul of Eleanor Dare. All the tenderness of her until re urged her towards him, and the sleeping child whose rosy fingers her check was touching implored strongly though silently forgiveness for the erring husband. Erring-yes. He had committed evil not easily repaired and forgotten, and had dealt his wife's heart a blow that wounded it cruelly. Her pride and shocked atfeetion w:'re tebelling wildly now : the hour had come that comrs in the lives of almost all husbands and wives, when supremacy must be conceded to one or the other ; when, if pence and happiness are to continue, one will must bend and one heart mtiku the concession which is indispensnble to harmony and love. Eleanor Dure bad never in all her life yielded to another. .She had followed her own inclina tion unchecked, and unbiased. She had done so in marrying Philip Dare in opposition to the wishes of her family. In that dreadful mo ment of indccision, when love clamoured so strongly within her bosom, she suffered untold agony. If he had only spoken more warmly, been a trifle less cold in his entreaty,this quarrel would, without doubt, have ended in reconcilia tion. But wounded pride and stubborn will, that cannot yield in a minute or a day, prevailed at length. She turned hor face away from him, saying " No. I can never forgive you, and I was not conscious of needing forgiveness. There can be no pi'ace for us together. Better, for better, apart." " Very well." His voice was as cold now ill her own. " It shall be as you say. But was you kindly consider one thing more ? The child " " She is mine ! " cxclaimed Eleanor, almost furiously starting to her feet, and clasping the baby to her breast. " She is mine, by all law, human or divine. I bore her in sorrow and Buffering, and only 'death shall take her from me." " Would it not be as well to dispense with histrionics ? " asked her husband. " I have no intention of playing the part of stage villain and stealing your child ; but if you can descend to so prosaic a matter, how do you intend to sup port her ? " A flash of scorn shot from bis wife's dark eyes. " Not by your aid," she replied bitterly. " I wil not touch one penny of your money, do you understand ? You are at liberty to biSStow it on those who have succeeded mein your affec tions. I will not share it with such as they." " Eleanor, have a care I " he exclaimed, roused now to a pitch of anger hitherto un reached. " Even you may go too far. I will not sti op to a denial of charges which my wile should blush to repeat or believe. You, who have been so foolishly imprudent, are sacrerl from such accusations from me ! " " I hope-oh, heaven, how I hope !-you may never have an opportunity to utter such words to me again I " cried Eleanor, tumiug white to her lips. The little one, awakened by the raised voices, commenced crying with fright. Eleanor ,Bank into a chair, soothing and caressing tho child, all her wrathful ptido giving way to sweet, maternal insl inct; but Dare was angered beyond endurance, and the sight hHd for him now no soothing influence. He left the room, saying as he went " You shall have your wish, madam, but you shall not teach my daughter to grow up hating her father." Hi; left the boiiHe, and at a late hour that nij;lit had not returned. His wife closed ber chamber door against all intruders. Early next morning he made his appearance, looking haggard and careworn, and went directly to the locked apartment. The door was forcibly opened, but the room was empty. Eleanor had fled with her child, taking nothing with her save the clothing they woie. He did not search for her. His first feelings were of outraged pride and terrible anger towards the woman whose flight put upon him such open shame. In the first ardour of his wrath be said to himself that she was nothing to him and had forfeited all claim to his pity or forbearance. Although he could not shirk the fact that he deserved censure, this did not soften the evil of her abandonment of him. She knew he loved her, and should have listened to him with wifely meekness and tender sub mission that would have 6oftened his hi art ; he would have sued for pardon, and tho chasm of their first happiness would have been restored. And she was faulty, too, he told himself thoughtless, giddy, too fond of gaiety, not quiet and retiring, as it Lecamji a young matron to bo. He could not go so far. even in his thoughts, as to charge Elonnor with untruth towards him ; yet by nature l;e una bitterly jealous, and be grudged every word and look givon. to another, OM matter how innocently bestowed. Those thoughts ruled him for a time, hut after a while gentler ones succeeded them. He missed his wife sadly. He avoided society, shunned sympathy, and led the life of a recluse. He lived in his dreary, deser ted house, given over to the "rule of a grave housekeeper, and read or thought or wrote. He had no hopes,'no aims. His income supported him, and no necessity forced him to action, so, as the months passed by, he drifted into sullen cynicism and misanthropy. 1 hen the bittft-ni ss of his heart softened, and ho grew to think of Eleanor with tender.regn!t and longing. Yet he would Dot seek her. lie had decided that she was with ber family, but they resided three hundred mill's distant from him, and he had no correspondents in their vicinity. So ho could learn nothing of her by chance. But Eleanor bird not returned to her people. They had opposed her marriage, and rather than tacitly adroit their better sense, she chose . to bury herself in one of our great cities. She was not a genius, neither had she any special talent. 8Kb was an unskilfnl seamstreis, and blunderered over, vetba and problems when examined for a teacher's c- Life wen t hardly with her. For many li-tig months she J straggled bravely to maintain ht wlf and little one nor did false pride restrain her from seek ing any re8|>ectable employment ; but the strain upon body aud mind was too severe ; her health gave way and a lingering illness followed, during which she tested to its fullest capacity the comfort bestowed upon a charity patient in a public hospital. A friendly woman lodging in tlie same house with hleanor cured for tlio little Amy, who, in spite of poverty, grew and throve like a sturdy plant, ani brought now and then a ray of sunshine into the dieiry ward where lay the wretched nuilher. No pen can portray th2 unspoken thoughts thronging her tortured brain. She remembered when tender hands had ministered to her in sickness, and a love, blessed beyond all thers, had surrounded her with purest happiness. Tho memory of that wretched quarrel died away. She thought only of the constant lover of her youth, the husband whose very jealousy grew out of his all-absorbing love for her, and whoso temper had been intensified by her unbending will. A sick bed is a senrclier for the soul, and Eleanor Dare saw i he past years march before her eyes in spectrnl procession, iilled with the ghosts of her dead hopes am! dreams. Back over her stricken heart flowed that long re pressed love in a mighty torrent, and mingled with it was longing for the husband whom she had abandoned. But self-will is a giaut not easily subdued, and though her weeks of suffering had humbltd her to i«n astonishing degree, she was not quite ready to seek a reconciliation. Hollow-eyod and haggard she passed out of the hospital and returned to the humble friend who had tended her child, 1o siek transient shelter and counsel as to the best way of now earning her livelihood. Thu woman looked at her critically. She was emaciated and pallid | from her long illness, and her sunken eyes, grown unnaturally large and bright, sought her companion's with eager inquiry, " To toll the truth,Mrs.Cl.vde"-Eleanor had taken hor maiden name-" I don't, know what you can do, in fact. You see that sewing is poorly paid, and you are not much of a hand at it, besides ; and your health is too poor for tenchiog if you could get it. X don't know of anything else except housework ; all the shops seem full just- now." Eleanor winced at this, feeling the ground slipping from under her feet I " Then what will become of me and Amy ?" " Well, I don't know, Mrs. Clyde. There is tho Working Womnn's Belief Association perhaps you could find aid there. At any rate, stay with me until you can turn your hand to something." Eleanor thanked ber warmly, and went to the association rooms She was told that she must produce testimonials of character from some clergyman or well known man or woman before anything could be done There was 110 one well enough acquainted with her to give ber | the;o-at least, not of the rank in society required by the association, and Mrs. Grny, a poor washerwoman, was out of the question so fur as these worthy Pharisees were concerned. Then for a fortnight Eleanor walked tho streets in her desperate search for some kind of work-any work, decent and respectable, that might provide the merest pittance. This could not last, however. She had no money, and the needy washerwoman could not long support the two. The sixteenth day nfter leaving the hospital she suddenly fainted on tho street, was picked up by a burly policemen and taken to the nearest station, where after a while she recovered sufficiently to give an account of herself. A strunger, a fashionably attired man, had witnessed the incident, followed her, and mauaged to overhear her story and ascertain where she lived. He saw that, in spite of her shabby dtess, Eleanor wus a lady, and when roturning animation warmed the wan features into life that Bhe was beautiful also, and resolved not to lose sight of her. A few days afterwards Eleanor dropped a bundle she was carrying home for Mrs. Gray, and it was picked up and restored to her by this stranger, whose name was Van Dorn. She did not recognise him, however, and it was not till they had met-by accident on ber part and design on his-several times in the same place that her womanly instinct took alarm. She altered ber route after that and did not see him for a week. Meanwhile she assisted Mrs. Gray, starching and ironing the Bnerarticles and [etching and carrying bundles, so that the good woman assured her she made ample compensation for her keeping. But Eleanor was not satisfied. There was a constant fever in her veins that would not let her rest-a continual fear for the future that kept her awake for hours after little Amy was asleep beside her, and drove the colour from her cheeks and lit maniacal tires in her eyes. Succeeding these feverish intervals were hours of apathetic despair from which nothing seemed to rousu her. It wus during such a period that she again encountered Van Dorn. Tired in body and soul, she was leaning for a momeuL's rest against a pillar ol a vast cathedral, when, in pissing, he saw her, turned, and came to her, holding out his hand. " At last ! " he said eagerly. " Where have yon been this age ? Ah, pardon me-I scarcely know you-I have no right to speak, but-" " You must not talk to me," answered Eleanor,listlessly, letting her hand drop to her side. " Please go away. You are following me for no good purpose " .' This is too cruel. Do not misunderstand me," cricd Van Dorn, more roused than he had deemed possible. " You are suffering-you need assistance. Let me he your friend, and I will prove that 1 can be faithful." " I have no friends ! " exclaimed Eleanor, wildly, sbriuking away. " Let me alone if you havo any pity for me ; 1 am wretched enough already." She tried to iiass him, but he gontly detained her. " Wait," he said, his langour vanishing com pletely. " Wait one moment-there is nobody new. What is the use of heating about the bush-of picking words so carefully. Let me speak honestly, and do you answer me in kind. I have been to the trouble in making inquiries about you. Mis. Clyde, unTl know that you have a husband living aud a child. You have chosen for some good reason, probably, to leave your husband. Very well, with tb:-t I have nothing to do, as it is an insurmountable barrier to my approaching you honourably. I can offer you no legal claim to my protection, but there re mains the unpleasant fact that without that j protection you will soon starve-you and your . child. You are not ablo to do the work you can get, and have no experience in the work nature iutended for you. It follows then that you must accept charity from one of these sources : The public charity will send you to tho almshouse " -Eleanor shuddered-" that bestowed by your hard-working frieud the washerwoman and that which I offer you. For yourself you might not care so much ; but there is your innocent | ohi Id, for whom in a measure yuu are respon- ! sible. Can you see her suffer when-^ou might j prevent it, if you would ?'' j Eleanor turned tipoo him, all the cold scorn ' and pride flashing from her bountiful eycs,^for a ' moment transfiguring the pale and wasted features Then, us the conviction, wrought by his words gradually impressed itwilf upon her mind, the burst of resentful indignation changed by.turns to fear, doubt, repulsion, and at last to despair. Hc,r eyes, full of hopeless longing, looked not at but beyond him, into the cold, I clear sky. She had hitherto forgotten what day this was ; but through the nnmlincss stall ing over her, penetrated the thought (hut it OTS the fifth iinniversnry of her marrmgo Was she going mai)t or did <i voice whisper softly, " I, Eleauor, take thro, l'hilip, lo ho my wedded husband, to have nnd to bold, for richer for (xiornr, for better, for worse, in sickne-s nnd j health, to love, honour, and obey, till denth do u» part ? " Her companion, wntchirg her cloFely, noted thu chnnges on her speaking f»c^, and under stood Ihem ill part.. He know that, he most act quickly and shrewdly, or the game won lost. Me touched her arm. " Ono word from you and your child's future is decided nnd your troubles are at ati end." Kl< iinor did not answer. The voicot of tbo singers rehearsing in the cathedral floated softly down to them through the frosty nir. The solemn beauty of those tones, the pure and tender memories they awakened, gave her strength. She broke from Van Dorn and re treated into the vestibnle, while he followed slowly, bewildered and surprised. " Aro you never going to speak, or jb the alternative of starvation so attractive ?" he I impatiently asked. { She shivered and recoiled as if from a blow, recalled from her dreatn of tbo past to the stern realities of thu present. What this man ? said was true ; without assistance she must soon ! starve. Dared she send him nwuy ? Oh, what ! should she do P Slit stood silent, gazing fixedly ; bufore her, tern by ninny detracting thoughts ; i then all at once she again heard that voice. i which seamed so real and yet so unreal, and this time it said, " Eleanor, my wife !" The j spell wos btokrn. With a cry she dashed gjist Van Dorn and (led from him, thinking only of Philip Dare as sho sped homeward to her child and his. The harrier of her pride was brokeu down at last, and her resolution taken. Philip Daro stood looking from his library window, though blind to the landscape without, for bis heart was full of maddening memories. He saw his wife's fair face, be beard the tones he bad lovid so well ri»ing in the sweet songs of early days, ami a sob burst from his Hps, mingled with her uume. " Elcjnor-oh, Kleanor 1 " Was he dreaming, or had the dream grown reality ? For a woman's hand touched bis arm, and into his face looked thu eyes of his viniou, tender, loving, appealing. " I am here, Philip ! Does this mean I am your wife still, forgiven, loved, in spite of nil the past ? " Tho transport of liis surprise almost stunned Dare, and he could hardly persuade himself that this was not tho fairest of delusions ; but as tbo full realisation came to him ho ex claimed " Forgiven, Eleanor, my dearest, my wife ? If there be aught to forgive't was pinioned long ago. Oh, I never dreamed of this happiness I " Hii took into his arms the mother uiid child, for little .Amy had uomleringly followed in Eleanor's steps, and them in the shiwluws of the quiet room, lighted only by occasional gleutns of firelight, tho reunited pair liftc.l their heads in silent thanks to God for the happiness that was theirs once more. 