DOCTOR'S BLUNDER. CHAPTER I. . g I write this story on one condition— that E my name is not published. It is a chapter E — a terrible chapter — of autobiography. I i write it because I think it may act as a I warning to others. ...... I There are three little words in an old ? I private diary of mine which nave literally I eaten themselves into my heart — three j short words, writtea in Greek. I am not I going to say what these words are. They m are too dreadful to be exposed to the eyes if of a public who could not feel the horror I if felt when I wrote them. If These were tbe circumstances which M compelled me to wri'e them. I had been E going, through a period of dreadful hard If work. Small-pox had been raging furi- 1 ously in the small Northern town in which, || I bad lived for several years. One night ij I felt I W83 in for a spell of the malignant i disease. My eyes seemed to have gone e woefully astray. I could see certain things 1 in my surgery which I knew did not exist ; i I cjuld not 869 certain things which I knew 1 were right before me. 1 I was just feeling as bad as I could feel . i when there was a ring at the surgery bell. 1 Tae surgeiy door was half open, atd I 1 could hear the message, ' Please ask tha I d jotor to come up to the Squire at once.' I Squire Chester? was one of my oldest I friends. Icouldh-rdly straggle into my, 1 c -at, but I did my bast and succeeded. I I could not sib upright on the back of my | old mare ; all I could do was to throw the I reins over her head and trust to instinct; 1 and Providence. I When I reached the sick room I saw my I old friend sitting upright on the bed. I l- Well, Jim, I'm glad you came. You 1 can't do me any good. I'm done for. ~ I'm, 1 going to die before morning, but I wanted 1 to make a dreadful confession to you be- I fore I go. The curse has beon heavy on I me, and I feel that it is descending to my I lad — or it will descend if I do not get it off I my mind.' I The old man looked dreadfully terrified, I but I could not see any sign of disease S about his face. I ?'Nonsense; don't talk such rubbish. j You are the most robust dying man I ever I saw, and I have seen a good many.' E ' What I am telling you is true, and we I haven't much time.' I I sounded his chest; applied tha stethe- . I scope to his heart. Still, 1 could not find I a dangerous symptom. Tha heart was But- I tering a bit queerly, but it was nothing to j cause any anxiety. I tried to pacify my old I friend, but he refused all my miDistra- j tions. I He sent the nurse out of the room, atd I then said to me, 'Jim, bend down to me, and listen to the - tragic storv ot a dying man.' ' You are not dying, and I would rather ' not listen to any story you have to tell — that is, if it is anything which will make the blush rise to your cheek when we meet ia days that are to come.' '* Listen. Jim, once I killed a man.' ' Killed a man ? ' I cried aghast. 'Yes, and now he is kiliing me,' he moaned. Here was something beyond my skill ra a physician. All I oou d do was to com fort bim. ' Yes, he stepped in between me and my love — and — and I killed him, stabbed him to the heart in a deep, black wood which grows on the borders of Cpa Town. I followed him for months, followed him nearly round the world, and then I brought him to bay. Ob, my G)d, light up the room. There's his ghost comirg to laugh at mo now. See, see, see I Cun't you see it?' 'This is absurd, Charles. You are. . dreaming. I'll send you a tonic and I'll bet you a hundred pounds to one that you aro about all right before the eud of the week.' ' It' a no bet. I can't gamble on my death-bod.' Aa I was leaving my old friend I laughingly told him thq,b I would mix him a bottle that would soon put him all right. ' No, I've done with your three doses a day,' ha replied, with an attempt at light banter. 'Well, good-day, I'll see you in the morning.' ' Yes, I'll be lying here, dead. Good bye, old friend.' Ho held his hand to me and I shook, it. As I rode through tho gathering twilight t felt convinced that my friend was not suffering from any dangerous disease. He was in a state of extreme nervous prostra tion j and just in a condition for inviting all manner of real and imaginary terrors to take possession of him. That; was all. It was not dark when I entered the surgery. The twilight was rapidly fading into night, but as I knew the position of every bottle in the surgary I did not think it necessary to put a light to the gas. I took down a bottle of quinine, mea sured a good strong desa, filled up with indispensable aqua pura, handed the bottle to the coachman^ who had come with me for the purpose of taking it back, heaved a sigh of relief, and went straight to bed. Just as I was getting into bed I suddenly remembered that I had not replaced the bottle on the shelf. I had left it on the table. I was too tired to go downstairs again, so it remained where I had left it. I was not at all anxious about my friend. I knew there was no danger. I did not believe in the ghosts of murdered men coming back to the earth' to haunt to the grave the men who had given them a fair quittance from this world. I am too much of a materialist to believe any 'such non Bonse. But I did think a great deal about tbe terrible story I bad bean compelled lo listea to. My friend was one of the most lovable of men — upright, honorable, grand, noble to a fault. But behind the peaceful face there was, I knew, a heart that knew something of passion, a heart that would almost compel his hands to slay any one who had bitterly and cruelly wronged him I believed the story. I wa3 compelled to believe it. The old man was not delirious ?when he told it. He was excited, that was all. Certainly he was in the possession of all his faculties. When I awoke in the morning I was soon convinoed that I had come to the point of tragedy. Going straight into the surgery I saw a bottle standing on the table. There was a terrible word staring at me — glaring at me like a wild tiger. £hat one word was ' Poison.' ' My God, I ha\e killed him,' I cried. I staggered about the little surgery like a drunken man. The echo of that wild, self-accusatory cry had hardly subsided ere the maid entered. I stared at her wildly. II Are you ill, sir? I knocked three times 'but did not get an answer.' ' What is it V I asked, excitedly. ' The coachman from Mr. Cheaters is here, sir.' ' Show him in,' was all I said. I made a strong effort to be calm, bat it wa3 difficult work. Here I was face to face with a mistake which was a crime That bottle was pointing the finger of condemna tion at me. It may be nothing but imagi nation, but it is none the Ies3 terribly true that I gazed at the small bottle it faded away before my eyes, and its place was taken in the twinkling of an eve by a rope which dangled from a cross-bar. The maid had heard my cry. Of that I was certain. The maid and I had never been on good terms — in fact, sbe was under notice when I literally gave myself into her hands. The coachman entered without knocking, at least I did not hear a knock. ' Tour master——' 'Is dead, sir. Died in horrible convul sions.' I staggered. ' What is ih6 matter, sir,' he asked, and his great, solemn eyes were fixed upon me. 'Oh, nothing, nothing — only I did not expect it, and Mr. Ohesters was my nearest and dearest friend. How long did he live after you reached home last night ?'' 'Only a few minutes, sir.' That was enough. These few words completed the pyramid of horrible testimony against m«. I had murdered my dearest friend. That morning, with a trembling band, I wrote those three terrible words in my private diary. They constituted the only salve which I could apply to a lacerated conscience. They consisted of a plain and honest confession of my guilt to my own soul. If I wore arrested they : would bear their testimony against me, and I was willing that they should. I had com mitted my crime, and I thanked God that I was strong enough not to flinch from the punishment; which I momentarily expected. But I was determined, for my own sake, for the sake of a dear daughter also, not to un necessarily run my head into a noose. Two years elapsed before the denoue ment was reached, and it startled me more than the knowledge which 1 then possessed. CHAPTER II. I am proud of my only daughter. I sup pose I have no right to say so in this public manner. Bat she wa3 a comfort to me when this great trouble came and wrung my old heart. She was lovely, and I was afraid the time was not very far off when some one would come ani try to rob me of my one comfort. In this surmise I was right, and in the coming of this wooer I was brought face to face with the great sor row which had blotted out my happineBS. She, like a coy maiden, tried to hide her love from me until, I suppose, she could give unquestionable evidence that her sacred love was returned. But I forestalled her explanation. Pass ing through a dark wood which skirts my house, one moonlight evening, I heard a rustling of trees close beside me. This rustling was not caused by the wind. I was satisfied of that, for there was not a breath of air. Somehow the thought came home to me that I had disturbed some sweet confidences, and I was about to pass on. Bat I heard a sweet voice which startled me. It was the voice of my own daughter. 'Oh, Evelyn, I love you,' pleaded a strong, earnest voice. ' Pleaee do not talk any foolish rubbish about the difference in our position. You are the daughter of a man I have learned to honour — a man I have almost loved since childhood.' '* And you are the ? -,' said a laughing voice, but I could not catch the last word. ' Well, yes, I suppose I am, but you must put that down to my father's aoooant, not mine.' I was dreadfully curious to know who was thie candidate for the honour of relationship with me. Just at that moment the grand old moon steered out of a bank of thick clouds, and I eaw everything. Just beneath a tree, not more than five yards from me, I saw my daughter. A paix of axros were around her seen, and her lovely face was turned towards the heavens. Just then the young man bent his head and kissed her. It was Charles Chesters, the son of tbe man I had poisoned not two years ago. Like a flash of lightning the story of agony came back to me; I saw the old man lying upon his bed stiff and rigid. I seemed to see him lying in the grave in which I had chained him long before his time. It was too much for me. I groaned and staggered on through the darkness. Through the long hoars of that dread ful night I had a terrible struggle with myself. Charles Chesters was a young man I esteemed above all others. If I Had possessed the power to make my son in-law I could not have made one more to my taste. He was like his father — a man any other man could always respect and almost any woman love. That was the difficulty of it. If there had been a flaw in his character I could have put my foot upon the proposal, and perhaps I could have crashed out the passion before any hearts were broken. The result of the struggle was this : I could not give my dear daughter to tbe 3on of the man I had murdered, murdered accidentally, but still murdered. I was superstitious enough to feel that the shadow of the dead man would rise up and blot out their happiness. It was a dreadful feeling, a horrible feeling, and I could not get away from it. I was not surprised to see Mr. Chesters walk into my surgery on the following day. It appeared to me to be about the most matter of fact thing in the world. I knew exactly what he would say to me, and I thought I knew pretty well what I would say to him. I had arranged the whole thing in my mind. ' You never come to see us now,' he began, quietly. 'You were a constant visitor at our bouse before father died.' I trembled at the mention of his father. I said not a word. ' I hoped that I should have the honor of retaining your friendship as my father did,' he continued, but I could not open my Hpa. I was trying to steel my heart against this young man, but I could not do it, ' pootor, I have a very serious question to auk you, U you are ia a hurry, X wJU not ask it now.' . ; ' What is it V I asked sharply, rudely. He looked at me so strangely. ? 'I want your permission to pay my addresses to your daughter.' 'I cannot discuss that subject with you,' and I am afraid I put a rasping emphasis on the personal pronoun, Mr. Chesters turned pale. ? - ' May I ask why V he asked, in earnest tones. ' .No. It is a matter I cannot explain. Good-day.' I rang my table bell and the maid ap peared. Mr. Chesters rose and frankly offered his hand. I took it and trembled. I was on the point of breaking down com' pletely. 'Your daughter has confessed to me, rightly or wrongly, that her life's happiness is bound up in mine. Are you sure yon are doing right in taking a step which will mar that happiness V There was tremendous force in the ques tion. I reeled under its weight. My lips were scaled. *' At least, may I have the sorrowful satisfaction of seeing her before I go ?' ' You may — on one condition, that you do not ask her to do anything vou know to be in opposition to my wisheB.' ' I think you know sufficient of me to trust me that far without asking me to give yon a definite pledge.' When he had left the room I threw my* self upon the sofa, and, old man though I was, I burst into tears— wild, passionate, unavailing tears. As I lay upon tbe sofa in a stupified state I felt a gentle touch upon my shoulder. I thought it was my daughter. I could not bear to. look into her lovely eyes, aid I buried my head in the sofa blanket. Then something which I cannot explain took place. I heard a gentle voice. Ob, some of my readers will laugh and think me an old fool, bat they would not laugh if they had heard that voice which spoke to my soul rather than my ears. 'You did not poison me, dear old Jim. I never took your physic. That man's ghost killed me.' # I looked up. 1 was alone in th& room, and the gathering darkness was flooding the surgery. How long I had been in that state of semi-trance I do not know. At : first 1 was inclined to scoff, and think I ~~ was going stark staring mad, but an indefinable something prevented me from '? going to this extremity. I rang the bell, and the maid appeared. ' Has Mr. Cheaters left the house 1' ' No, sir.' ' Please ask, him if he will step this way for a moment.' ' Yes, sir.' A moment later Mr. Ohesters shadowed the doorway. Brave fellow though he was, he could not hide the tear stains which marked his cheeks. Oh, don't laugh at those tear stains. They showed the no bility of the man. ' Was I rude to you ?'' I asked. ' No j you were apparently under strong conviction upon the question I asked you, . and I wa», and am, prepared to respeot thoee convictions.' ' By the way, what has become of that old coachman' of your father's V 'Jackson?' 'Yep.' ' When father died he said that he had driven him bo long that he could not find in his heart to drive anyone else, not even his son. So I respected his feelings and pensioned him. off. He is living in a cot tage in the wood. He has been failing lately.' Just as Mr. Chesters was leaving the room a note was handed to me. In the presence of Mr. Ohesters I opened it. It was Bigned 'Yours sorrowfully, Robert Jaokson,' , ? Tbe letter was written in a feeble hand, and it contained this remarkable statement : ' Your physic is powerless to cure me, bub I have a matter on my mind whioh I want to unburden to you alone before Idle. You were kind to me in days whioh were happier* Please come at once, or death may be in before yon.' 'Mr. Chester?, oome to me tomorrow. I may — I only say may— have a different decision to give you.' The young man's eyes gleamed. Therfl was the light of a true love in them. ? ' The tragic story of a broken heart which I listened to in the cottage of the dying coachman removed an old burden from my shoulders an well as from his. CHAPTER III. As I was leaving the house to obey the mysterious message my daughter met me, . There wag n took of eweet BubuwsiVeReeq -T.ii.--~ ? ? . ? _ . ? . . V '___- _ i1 ' ..,?''/'? on herdear face. She kissed me lovingly \- ' _-'' and said in pleading tones,' ' I love him, but I love you also, and I will never leave you as long as ypu desire me to remain \ - ' ' nnder this dear roof.' 1 ' ', This gentle submission to my will emote , f n?e more than any acts of hot and wilful -, , 'rebellion. , . ' ' .... . , .?*'% child- I am trying to find what is h'_ ,' ''- ' Hkely to conduce to the happiness of yon : . '' ; both.' VX'r:^ 'Yes, I know, father.' , ?'; ' . .. I oould bear no more of this. If left the i.' ^ ?'.','' - house hurriedly, wondering what this poor, : ?'?-' r ?.. heart-broken fellow could tell mo. I was flurfl that ib was something, connected with ?'? ? *he death of Mr. GheBters, and I had a vagne feeling that the hour of my deliver ^ ance was at hand. But how 1 That was the point. I could not imagine. ? I entered the cottage silently. Mrs. ? JtiCkson met me. 'My husband i3 very bad, sir; I am g'ad you have come.' ' What is the matter ?' ' Heartache, I think ; he never seemed to get over the death of his old master.' j There was a corroboration of my hopes, \- ? my fears. When I looked at the poor fellow I . could see that death had run a close race , with me. If he had a story to tell me he would have to tell me quickly. ' Why did you not send for me earlier, my good man Y' . ' Don't call me that. I am not a' good \- man.' You cannot do me any good with your physic, You cannot mend a broken ? heart, can you ? ' ' No, I am afraid not, but 1 can sooth it,' I replied. ? -'ListeD, quick. Death is coming through; * ? the portals. You remember the night of .Mr. Chesters' death ?' 'I do. Go on, please.' I was anxious not to be baffled by death \- just- at the moment of supreme crisis, i .VYuu gave me a bottle cf medicine for him* and told me to go quickly. I did not , go quickly. I met a friend and he asked ? 3me to go down and have a drink with him, and one drink became two, and two three. \- When I got home the old master was dead.' 'Thank God!' I cried. The poor fellow looked at me strangely. He did not see anything in that story to thank God for, but I did. After these two years of mental torture, I knew I Lad not killed my dear old friend. My heart was on the point of bursting. ' I have always felt it on my conscience that I killed the old man by that delay. ' You remember you told me that if I did not' lose any time the medicine would cure £fc *'m before the epasrns readied his heart.' 'But now I am glad you did not give him the medicine.' :'*- Why V ' ' Because I made a mistake.' 'Ob, what a relief that is to me. I wish \- I had known that two years ago,' 'I wish I had known what you have told me two years ago. It would have prevenfel a lot of heartache. But on the ? ' tootning after he died you distinctly told trie that you reached home in time, and the ?? medicine was given to him, and that he died a few minutes afterwards.' 'Yes, it was a lie, and the curse of it ? has followed me these two years.' Then there waa a silence. I knew I wag! in the presence of death. Ha bad un ' burdened himself of his secret, and had '?? 'secured relief in his last moment. ; When I saw Mr. Chesters in the even . ing I had another story to tell him. Over '* drop of smoking punch we discussed the question near to all our hearts, and we eettled'everything amicably, I simply told him that something' had happenod which compelled me to change my decision, and b,e was too happy to bother about asking questions. I have- a notion to this day that he thought I had taken too much of \- : tb'6 punch, but I canriot help that, ..I could , .' Dot hide the happiness which was brim ming up in my heart. When my daughter oameintq the room ^ she looked at me. 'Why,' father, you look ten years younger than you did yesterday.' , ,- ' I am 20:- years younger. Hero, go and V, ' bo ?'happy/ you' incorrigible young couple. You'.h'a've my blessing.' Aye, they took tbe blessing, and wero ; happy; Tha1 curso was removed. -Perflonp who take their paasaga home by the MceBagerieg Marilimes (French mail) boats, truvel through Frauee find tee the large cities of Miat country. i«b no. extra- cost,'. 'Enplwh iaiVr pre'ora rncet tho paasoiigors. at MarBUillna mid givo tbfciu.cvury.asoista.ncoiu laudiujj und passim? I tbcjrlugpge'througa-tne Customs, &c;, ! 