CARLOS. (Concluded from last week.) I was rather surprised at this tirade from the usually placid Phil, who had a good word for everyone about the place. "Do you know him then?" I asked. " He is an Italian, Enrico di Cavlna, and capable of any wickedness unaer the sun." hissed Phil through his teeth in a way that astonished me. "Did you see his hands ; his cruel, white hands, that he is so proud of," Phil went on, scarlet with passion. "He is a murder er ; he killed <a man in cold blood, hold ing the pistol in that same white hand that he keeps so carefully from all sun that might destroy its whiteness. Bah!" Here Phil stopped, and spat scornfully on the ground. I looked at him, think- ingthat after such an exhibition of tem per he must be foreign, and not Eng lish, as I had hitherto supposed. I paid no more attention to his assertion that the Italian had murdered some one, for those were lawless days, and murder and sudden death were common enough. "You are not English, Phil?" I said, half questioningly. All the fire had gone out of his eyes, and they had assumed their usual wistful expression, but there was a slight twist still remaining at the corners of his sensitive mouth which be tokened a disturbance. At my question he looked up and half smiled. "No, I am not; I am Corslcan," was Ills answer. "But Grant is not a Corsican name," I said. "My real name is Geranti," he answer ed. "The others have twisted it into Grant, so let them think it is Grant," and with this, uttered rather petulantly, he walked away, with no signs of his late volcanic outburst. One fearfully hot morning Jack and I were stretched in the grateful shade of a sheoak, cursing the flies in unison, and wishing it would rain, or that "Our too, too solid flesh would melt" (Shakespeare was evidently thinking of an Australian drought when iie said this), when who should come panting up but Phil. The perspiration was running down his face; he was flushed and heated, and in a state of great excitement. "What's up, Violet Eyes?" asked Jack, lazily. "Fancy being possessed of suffi cient energy to get up a run on a day like this. Why it's hot enough " But the tide of his eloquence was checked abruptly. "Carlos is so ill." said Phil, in a choked voice, turning to me. "Would you mind coming to see him?" I could not resist his pleading eyes, and went, in spile of the intense heat, al though privately sharing the opinion Jack flung gratuitously after us, that the horse was too pampered, and being molly-coddled to death. Carlos was standing in the shade of the tent, panting with the heat. He was like his master, a good bit thinner than when he won the Steeplechase, and his hips stood out prominently. "I wish I had a cooler place for him," said Phil, hovering round anxiously. "He has n't eaten for a week. You don't think anyone has got at him, do you?" he asked in great distress. "Of course not. Everyone is too fond of both you and the Don to attempt anything of the kind," J answered, cheerfully. " Besides, . why should they? The heat has affected him, that's all. I'd try and get him to eat, and then he'll be all right again." "That's what I've been trying to do, ever since Wednesday." said Phil, de spondently; "hut he can't. He would if he could to please me." Then suddentlv clutching my arm with his little fingers lie went on fiercely, "If he dies I shall die too, and my work won't be finished." "He's not going to die." I said, hastily, wondering what the strange lad meant by "his work," and If the heat had af fected his mind, upset as he was by Car- los's indisposition. To distract him, I bent down and pulled up. a few blades of grass that had escaped being dried up by the sun, and. after cooling them in the water bucket, offered them to Car los. He first sniffed at them disdainful- ly, then slowly finished them with an ap proving whinny, while Phil capered round in an access of joy, crying ecsta tically, "He's eaten it; he's eaten It." "He'll he all right again when the rain comes," I said, reassuring. Phil looked doubtfully up at the cloudless sky, where the pitiless sun streamed down, parch ing up everything its rays touched. "Will it ever come in time to save my Carlos," he asked mournfully, and went on, without heeding my cheerful assent, "I must get him some grass at any cost. You'd like some, wouldn't you, darling?" Carlos whinnied and threw up liis head, as if to say he should like it above all things. "Is there nowhere that I can get grass?" asked Phil. "You might get a little down at the Chinaman's Gardens. It's a good way off though. I'll ride over this evening, and see what I can do for you, "I said on leaving him. " Thank you so much," he answered, gratefully, with his face pressed loving ly to the Don's soft nose. About half an hour afterwards I was lying nearly asleep under the sheoak, and Jack was pretending to read in the in tervals of swearing at the files, the heat, and the universe generally, when a clat ter of hoofs roused me, and I heard Jack murmur, "Of all daft youngsters, Blue Eyes takes the bun," and I sat up to see Phil mounted on Samson's big, bony Da- lilah, disappearing in a cloud of dust in the direction of the Chinaman's Gar dens. "Fancy a voluntary ride in the sun on a scorching day like this. Your young friend is touched all right," re marked Jack. "He won't be back before sunset either, if he's wise and takes a rest there." "He'll be back before sun set, if by any means he can hustle Da- lilah along sooner. Do you think he'll keep Carlos waiting for his grass a min ute longer than he can help," I said, laughing. Jack shrugged his shoulders and returned to his hook, while I went over to Phil's tent to see how Carlos was faring. "Who goes there!" called a voice, and to my amusement, I found Pamson, sitting on an inverted bucket in front of Carlos, while he mopped his face with one hand and pointed a revolver at me with the other. "Friend," I an swered, and Samson dropped the revol ver which, by the way, was unloaded, and to vary the monotony, gave Carlos an elephantine punch, meant for a kind ly pat. which the. .latter resented, and showed his resentment by snapping at his guardian's shirt.' "What may you be doing?" I asked Samson, . . ' ' ' " Keepin' guard over' this 'ere trea sure," he answered, with a chuckle. " Afore. he went, young Phil wouldn't rest easy in his mind till 1 swore to set by this precious hanimal till he came back. In case he feels lonely, oh, Dor!" and here Samson laughed so loud that it grated en the delicate sensibilitic-s of his charger, who laid back his eai-s. and v-as evidently pondering in his own mind whether he should lash out vigoi-usly in the rear or bite the offen der. 3 endeavored to soothe him, wliile the unconscious Samson, leaning back til! bis head was in dangerous proximity to Carlos's open mouth, proceeded as if it were a great joke. ' "Young Phil's orders are, that nary a srul but you is to come within coo-ee of the dariin'. and I'm not to leave even fur a drink. Get us one, there's a good fellow." I did as the obliging giant requested, and together we mounted guard over the fretful Don, who was threatening to kick down the tent in his irritability. "It's going to rain." said Samson, about three o'clock, and sure enough, soon after his prophecy, the sky clouded over, and rain fell in torrents to the ac companiment of lightning and thunder, which frightened the Don half out of his senses, and made him nestle up to us for protection. "T wonder if Phil's in this rain." I said anxiously. "Sure ter be," remarked Samson, "but lie's safe enough, my old Dalilah would n't go beyond her usual jog, if a cannon went off close by her head." When Phil at last rode up. he was drenched to the skin, but triumphantly waved a sack of grass in token of his success. Without stopping to change his wet things he fussed about over Car los, and was fully repaid for all his trou ble and his ride in the dust and heat, when that animal, -refreshed and exhila rated by the cool change, condescended to eat all the grass, down to the last blade. "When I came to see him about a couple of hours after his return, I found him sitting half asleep by Carlos, while the later contentedly munched the last of the grass. Of course, I rated him sound ly on his folly. He yawned and shivered with cold. "I am so tired," he said, in explanation "but I must see Carlos finish the grass. He won't, unless I stay with him." "Go and change your things immedi ately," I said, sternly, and, bestowing a good-night kiss and hug on Carlos, he went obediently enough, thoroughly worn out with his exertions, and shiver ing like an ague patient. Next morning I went early to see him, but he was sitting on Carlos's manger, with his arms round his pet's neck. His face was ghastly pale, and showed up the purple rings round his eyes, and he complained of pains and stiffness in his limbs. "You're in for a bad cold," I told him severely; "brought on by yesterday's folly. Why didn't you stay in bed?" "Oh, I'm all right. It was the long ride," he insisted. "You'd feel the same if you rode a rough mare like Dalilah af ter being accustomed to the easy paces of The Don." I sniffed incredulously, and Phil wouldn't leave Carlos' side for a minute, till as the effects of the heat wore off the latter became his own gentle sprigh tly self again, and the tent could breathe once more, and not fear annihilation from the flying hoofs of the spoilt inva lid. Having nothing to do, I proposed to paint Phil and his beloved Carlos to gether. "If you like it when it's finish ed, you can have it," I said. ' Phil thanked me, and the sittings commenc ed. I posed him in liis favorite attitude, leaning against Carlos, while the latter gazed dreamily out of his kind eyes, and swished occasionally at a disturbing fly. Once, upon looking up from mixing some blue for Phil's eyes, I found him quivering with suppressed excitement, and glaring across the track, following his look, I saw Enrico Di Cavina, strol ling down the road. "Your friend again," I remarked carelessly. Phil's eyes blazed. "Don't call, him that, don't, if you only knew how I hate him. Oh, how I hate, hate, hate him." he cried, with increasing excitement and rage, and ail the fire and earnestness with which Southern temperaments are embued. His small hands were clem lied and he gnashed his teeth in his intensity. I tried to soothe him and bring him back to his usual calm demeanour. He did not seem to hear me, but went on mutter ing savagely to himself in Italian while Carlos and I listened and wondered, I thinking that perhaps the ride in the liot sun had affected his brain. Suddenly his mood changed, regardless of his capa city as model, he (lung his arms round Carlos' neck, and kissed and hugged him impetuously. This excited the Don, who threw up his bead, and whinnied loudly. "Please"—! was beginning, but totally unconscious of my presenc -. Phi hastily mounted Carlos and rode away at a gallop minus saddle or bridle, leaving me with brushes and palett" in each hand staring after them in surprise. "Really, I am so sorry," said Phil, apo logetically, next time he saw me. "Some times I don't know what I am doing." "So it seems," I returned, dryly, and I forgot liis eccentricities for the time be ing as an, event occurred which roused all Moonta from its usual apathy to a state of the liveliest excitement. One morning a digger passing Di Ca- vina's tent, when in quite by chance to find out if the report that the latter had struck a good vein of ore was correct. Instantly he rushed out again, the color of ashes, and running to Jack Warren, whose tent was the nearest, said something to him, up on which they hastened back to Di Cavina's tent. "Hullo, what's up," I called, and fol lowed them into the tent. There stretched on the bed lay Di Ca vina, a knife in his side and a gradually increasing pool of blood collected on the floor, soaking through the bedclothes in its descent. We looked at each other In horror. The digger was the first to recover from the shock. "Suicide," he said briefly, pointing to the hilt of the knife, on which was scratched a large initial C. I looked doubtful. "Can't be, the wound is too high up." "Then it's murder," pronounced Jack Warren decisively. "Are you sure he's dead?" I asked, beginning— what a medical man would have done at first — to examine the body. Suddenly Di Civina's eyes opened. He stared wildly round him with an expres sion of terror, uttered a hollow groan, then relapsed into unconsciousness. This unexpected manifestation of life roused me to activity; I sent the digger off for the nearest doctor, and in the meantime assisted Jack to staunch the bleeding till he came. When the doctor arrived and saw Di Cavina's condition, he shook his head over his chance of recovery. Leaving Jack to assist him, I went out to find a crowd congregated a little distance from the tent. All kind of conjectures were rife as to whether it was attempted suicide or murder. "We'll have to wait till Di Cavina re covers, before we know," I said. "Well, if Dutchy is to be believed, it's attempted murder," remarked a bystan der. "What does Dutchy know about it?" chorused the others. 'He says he saw a dark figure in a trailing cloak creep into the tent late last night, but thinking it was the devil he did not investigate further. "Dutchy" was a half-witted Dutch man, always imagining he saw the devil. "Ills testimony isn't worth much," I said testily. "No it isn't," agreed the man who had first spoken. "But still it might throw some light on the subject." "Nonsense, who'd believe the word of a lunatic?" I said sharply, ..turning away. ' 1 was sorely perplexed. .1 remember ed Phil's strange behavior, and thought that, perhaps, in one of his wild moods he might have — but no impossible, what could I be dreaming of. In order to satisfy myself, I went across to Phil's tent, to see if he had heard anything. He was boiling the billy for breakfast, and nodded cheer fully to me as 1 came up. "I've got news for you, Phil," I said gravely. "Yes?" said Phil, interrogatively. "The man you dislike so much, Di Cavina, was found this morning stabbed in the side, and is not expected to re cover." "Really?" asked Phil, earnestly. "Yes," I answered, feeling quite re assured. He seemed to be at the point of death when I left the tent." Phil dropped the billy-lid, and sud denly began to clap his hands and dance with fierce joy. "It is true he's dying, and I'm not dreaming," he chanted, while quite horrified. T tried to check him saying expostulatingly. "Really, now, PJiil, remember the poor man is dying, if not dead; and remem ber resentment should not pass beyond the grave." Phil turned sharply on me, saying, in astonishment, "You would not have me rejoice on the happiest day of my life, when my enemy has met with his desserts, and is dying?" He uttered the last word slowly, lin gering over it as if it had a pleasant sound in his ears. "Nonsense," I said, impatiently. "It is absurd and unchristian to talk like that, carrying a prejudice to such a pitch." . j- i £ Phil smiled a peculiar little smile. "Ah! you English are so quiet and pla- cid over everything, even your dislikes and quarrels. You do not understand us Corsicans." "No, I do not, certainly," I answered, bluntly; "you disliked Di Cavina when living. Well, by this, time he is pro bably dead, and you should forget all and let it go no further." "Forget! never;" cried Phil vehem ently, and shrugging my shoulders I .left him. . ' However, much to the doctor's sur prise, Di Cavina did not die. After a terribly anxious week, when he might have been carried off any day, he gra dually took a turn for the better, and slowly, very slowly, began to mend. "He must have a constitution like a horse to enable him to do it," said the doctor to me about a fortnight after wards. when I questioned him about the patient. "As it is, he'll never be the same man, or anything like it, again. Even if he lives to an old age, he'll never throw off the effects of this." "Poor fellow," said I sympathetically. "Then it was attempted suicide?" "Well, I don't know. It may be and it may not. He declines to give any information on the subject, and is most anxious that no enquiries should be in stituted." "Queer, isn't it?" "Yes; but then he's a queer fish alto gether." Next time I saw Phil he asked. "How's Di Cavina?" "Getting on first rate," I answered, surprised at the unusual amouiit of in terest Phil displayed in him. "Do you know, I'm glad he didn't die," went on Phil, looking earnestly at me with his large eyes. "I'm very pleased to see you're tak ing a more modified view of it," I an swered. "Are you, really?" asked Phil. "Yes, very glad," I assured him. "I thought your behavior and expressions when I told you he had been stabbed were rather exaggerated, to put it mild ly" v Phil sighed. "Well, I'm satisfied now, quite satisfied. I want him to live, even be happy if he can. There, does that satisfy you?" he asked rather pet ulantly. I smiled. "Always at extremes, Phil. However, this extreme is far the best and more sensible," and so saying I put my hand caressingly on his shoulder. He shook it off rather impatiently, and said has tily: "What do they say in the town about it?" '.'Well, some say suicide, and some murder," I answered. "And which do you think?" "Well, really, I don't know what to think," I said, looking straight into his inscrutable dark eyes, which met mine unflinchingly. "What inclines me to think it a case of attempted suicide is that Di Cavina won't allow any enquiries to be made, and refuses to answer any questions." "Oh, does he," said Phil, busying him self with a saddle girth. "The doctor says he'll feel the effects of this all his life, even if he lives to an old age," I pursued. "Really? poor fellow, how sad," said Phil, indifferently, adding, nonchalant ly: "I don't think it's safe to use this girth any more, do you? It's quite worn out," and that ended the conversation. As soon as Di Cavina was able to get up I went to see him. He was so chang ed that he was hardly recognisable. He had shrunk to a shadow of his former ro bustness. His hair had turned slightly grey, and his eyes had a peculiar hunted look in them. He held out a wasted hand to me, at the same time looking over my shoulder as if he expected to see someone else. "They tell me you were very good in inquiring after me when I was ill," he said feebly. "I was very nearly done for, wasn't I?" "You must have -a marvellous consti tution. Have you any Idea who the would-be murderer can be?" I asked. He glanced furtively at me from un- der his overhanging brows-. ' "How do you know it was murder?" he asked, sullenly. -7That or attempted suicide, and I j ,,,-. incline to the latter idea," I an- :\ve«-d lightly, watching him. He tried to laugh, but a slight noise I'-i.le caused him to start "from his hair a look o£ deadly terror in his eyes, clutch my arm. "What was that?" he whispered, hoarsely. Nothing, only someone passing, I said, soothingly- He sat again and looked at me with the same pitiable expression of terror in his ey-.-s. "My nerves are quite shattered, quite," lie- murmured, weakly. "No wonder, with what you've gone through. You'll be as well as ever soon. All invalids are like, this at first," I an swered, cheerfully. No, never the same again, never. I irish I had died instead of lingering like this. I am going to leave Moonta. I an, going away back to Italy." He brought out the sentences in little gasps. You'll recover more rapidly in your own country among friends,". I said. I have no friends. I had one once, but " He paused. I waited for him to con tinue, but he merely said, " Tell them I am going away, will you ?" "I will," I answered, and seeing that he was fatigued, I called the boy who at tended him — he was too nervous to be left alone — and went out. The "nine days' wonder" caused by the stabbing of Cavina soon passed away, and Moonta resumed its Sleepy Hollow appearance. Nothing occurred to break the monotony of life there beyond a drunken brawl, too common to excite the smallest interest in. such an everyday occurrence. The sporting Irishman, Moriarty, owner of Tim O'Flaherty, proposed get ting up a race meeting, with plenty of hurdles and steeplechases for his, O'Flaherty's benefit. His eloquence influenced the others, and a course was soon laid out. One afternoon I saw Phil riding along on Carlos, but while., the latter' neighed and threw up ..his" head in the exube rance of his spirits,' his , master seemed moody and depressed. /, w v. ; -j i : "That young'ster liasn't shaken off "the cold he got when' he was drenched In the rain," I remarked to Jack. "No, poor little beggar; he does look seedy," said Jack carelessly. "I wonder what they're up to now," for some miners, led by Moriarty, had said some thing to Phil, apparently asking him to do something. At first he refused; then consented, and they all rode off together. "I wonder where they're off to," said Jack, who had watched the pantomime. "I know," he added, suddenly; "they're all going to do some steeplechaslng, and they want Phil to cut out the pace for their mokes. I heard Tom M'Gregor bet Moriarty that his horse was a better jumper, and they've gone to settle it now." I listened, and then said, with a vague presentiment of coming evil, "Let's go and see what happens. Something al ways does when that bare-brained Mo riarty is concerned in it." "All right," answered Jack, and we saddled our horses and went after them. "When we arrived on the scene Moriarty was elated with joy. because he had beaten M'Gregor in the jumping contest. "But I'll own meself bate complately by this baste, the crayture," he went on, referring to Carlos. "Och," the jewel, the bud, the darlint horse," he cried, heaping up all the extravagant terms of endearment he could think of on Carlos, as only an Irishman could. Of course Phil was ready to hug him with plea sure at hearing iiis cherished Carlos thus praised up; and the excited Moriar ty at last begged as a great favor to be auowea to sn on ine oacx oi sucn a peer less animal; "just to sit on his back, me bhoy, and be able to say I've had the honor of mounting the jewel," he plead ed, and Phil at last consented, hut once on the' impetuous Irish man's feelings overcame him, and in his delight at being on such a good horse he began tearing wildly over the hurdles, and finally, getting reckless, he sent Carlos, who had already been round at a warm pace before, neck or nothing at a fence, with a sudden dip just below it. Carlos took the fence gallantly, but not having sufficient send-off, he struck the top rail heavily, and came down with a crash, sending his rider over his head. However, the nimble Paddy was soon on his feet, but before we could move, or even approach Carlos, Phil, al most mad with terror, had bounded to where the poor horse lay extended on his side, with closed eyes and labored breathing.' "Look at me, Carlos ; dear Carlos,, speak to me!" almost shrieked Phil in his distress. The horse opened his eyes, and uttered a faint whinny, but did not attempt to move. "Oh, Carlos, what is it? Why won't you get up?" asked poor Phi? piteously. "Oh, do something «r him, or tell me what to do," he implor ed; The sympathising group looked at each other in silence. There was nothing to be done for Carlos. He had taken his last leap. His back was broken. But none of us dared to tell Phil, who was bending over the dying horse, calling him by every affectionate name he could think of, and telling him not to get up just yet if he was tired. Feeling by our silence that something was wrong, Phil turned to us with a scared face. "WhJat is it?" he asked faintly. "Why don't you speak?" The others nudged me to tell, him, and, with a lump In my throat, I said, gent ly. " It's no good, Phil ; bis back's bro ken."- ' i "Wha!T hC Then, luminar" to poor Carlos, whose velv<-:v . vs growing dim with in - fi.-.u'n was coming ev,r Jlim. ,,,. ,vhh 7vj,.h panics that it made- tears .omc into nv eyes. ' " Tell thorn it's net true, C.'.iios. SImw them you're only tired. Don't die anil leave me. Caries," Here the repentant Aioriartv could keep still no iongor. "Say you" forgive me, lad. I didn't h afrher doin' it," he burst out, half blubbering. But this increased Phil's grief. " Tl was my fault, all mine. 1 have killed you, Carlos," and his slight frame shook with convulsive sobs. Poor Carlos thrust his cold nose into his master's hand, as if to implore re lief from tile agony which was consum ing him, and uttered a soft, sad whinny as a good-bye to the beloved master his dim eyes could no longer see. Then, in one last agonising throe of suffering, he jerked up his handsome head, and it fell back into his muster's lap. Carlos was dead ! Poor Phil was terribly cut up over the death of his favorite. He went about locking lllte a. melancholy ghost, as Jack Warren told him. "You see, he was my only friend," said Phil mournfully when Jack rallied him upon his looks. " 'Only friend!' Pray, where do I come in, Master Phil?" I asked. "And I?" said Jack. Phil gazed earnestly at me for a mo ment, then turned away without reply ing. " How that kid does take things to heart," said Jack, looking after him. " He's feeling pretty bad over poor Carlos," I said, sympathetically. "I believe you're feeling as bad, too," said Jack, wondering!)'. "Nearly. 1 liked Carlos. I believe Phil's gone to mope over the grave. He spends too much time there. I'll 2 after him and bring him hack." So saying, I went off in the direction Phil had taken. He was sitting on the grave, with his head buried in his hands. Before I could get up to him I saw Di Cavina coming, supported by a stick, in the opposite direction. Ho was about to pass Phil, when the latter looked up quickly, and saw who it was. Di Cavina turned livid, and from where I was I could see his face work ing with some inexplicable emotion. Phil, too, seemed much disturbed. He started to his feet and said something to Di Cavina. The latter replied, then Phil said something else with a com manding wave of his hand. Immediately Di Cavina turned and shuffled away, and I approached Phil. He was sitting with his hands tightly- clasped, and his expressive face showed that a severe struggle was going on within him. . „ "Don't let Di Cavina worry you.Phil, I said, sitting down by his side. He smiled a v.-an little smile. "I think it Is I who am worrying Di Cavina," he said; then the smile faded, and a strained look came into his eyes. He said, turning abruptly to me; "I may as well tell you something be fore I leave Moonta." -Leave Moonta, Phil. Why?" I ask- "Listen to me, and then you'll know,-' said Phil, with a weary gesture. "You saw nie speak to Di Cavina just now . "Yes," I answered ; "but surely ll6 "I told him he could go where he pleased now, and have nothing to fear from me. It was I who stabbed lum that night — "Phil!" I ejaculated, looking seal eh- ingly at him for any trace of a de ranged mind. But the clear, steady eyes met mine unfalteringly , and he went on. ... "I told you he had killed a man. what man was my only brother, Car- los. I followed him out here, vowing to avenge my brother. I passed him by, watching him in his fancied secu rity till the hour came to strike, and I struck. He knew who I was. Hold him. and as soon as he had grasped the fact that I was Carlo's sister I stabbed him with his own knife, and left him for dead." "His sister!" I interrupted. He flush ed beneath my astonished gaze, and re peated: "His sister!" I sat dumbfounded. Phil continued with downcast eyes. "My real name is Filomena Geranti. Coming out in the ship the others called me Phil Grant, so I did not undeceive them. I am going to leave Moonta very soon, and I must thank you for all your kindness to me." "But, Phil— I mean Miss Phil— er— Filomena, you are not going back to Italy, are you?" I asked, feeling quite alarmed at the thought of parting with my little companion, "No ; not Italy. Di Cavina will be there. It really doesn't matter where I go. I have no friends now Carlos is gone." "I had hoped that you looked on me in the light of a friend; but I see I . was mistaken," I exclaimed, with a fine air of abnegation. . " What about the stabbing of Di Cavina? You forget that does. not ac cord with your English ideas of what is right and proper." "Phil!" I cried, reproachfully. Dia you really think that could alter my opinion of you— be you boy or girl?" "I did think so after the scolding you gave me on . one occasion." "Well, please think so no longer," I said, decidedly. "Hadn't we better go back now? I am quite anxious to see Jack's surprise when I tell him your transition from a beautiful chrysalis into a still more beautiful butterfly." J "-'lease don't tell him or envoi,' else i rill 1 am gone." i r.. lapsed into :-i!i»ire. and tried to inv-'; rine what M. a w.uM !,. like wiii-dtit Phi!. 1 found I i"u!d n,q con ceive oven tile bare possibiliiy of being without her. Next Jay I met Phil with a hum h ,.f wild flowers and wattle in h, -r "I'm going to say good-bye to ('arias' grave." Fhe said, wli-.n she saw me. "-.'U are not really going to leave Moonta, Phil?" I asked, in dismay. "I have decided to go back to Coisica." she answered, in a low voire. j;v this time we had reached the grave. Phil placed the wattle at the head, ami turn ed to me. "Have you really forgiven me for stabbing Di Cavina? Tell the truth be- before 1 go." "Why must you go, Phil?" I asked. "J have nothing to stay for." Phil re minded me. The thought of losing her oj>< tied (lie floodgates of my eloquence. With a promptitude which astonished myself, and took Phil completely by si m m, 1 caught her in my arms and cried pas sionately, "My darling Phil, you have mv free permission to slab innumerable Di Ca rinas on the soie condition- that you don't go to Corsica; or, if you do. marry me first and take me with you." She married me. 