Unravelled. {Written for the ARGUS Xmas Number.) Bv 'Oakshaw.' i.i^T ~y^s- Graeme, old man, the slat ^i/- ion'o been clear of debt these ? . w four years, for which I may J5 thank heaven and George Wingate — more particularly the latter.' ' Nonsense,' said George Wingate, bb he rolled- over from full stretoh on the BathdoDnell verandah lo meet the eye of his partner, John Thesiger. 'Nonsense, man,' be repeated; 'You know you worked like a borse till we got free. I didn't do more than yon did ? :nor as ranch. Did I, Helen ? ' and Wingate ap pealed to Thesiger's wife, 'with perhaps half a hope that she would say 'Yes, George, yon did.' ' If you look lo Helen to back you np against me, you're greener than I thought you were. She knows, as well as I, that it was the Wingate brains beat the banka. Eatudonnellwould have been sucked dry but for you.' ' For my part,' said buxom Mrs. Thesiger, ' I don't think either could have done without the other; nor yet' — with a sly wink (a inoBt lady-like 'wink, dear reader) at Inspector Graeme, her stalwart brother — ' either without yours trnly.' ' My oath, you're about right, old woman,' said Thesiger, strotcnirig his hand towards his wife. ' Good enough, Helen! ' ejaculated the jovial Inspoctor. ' . ' True !' murmured Wingate. ' Ah, well,' said Grnome, glancing towards the willows which belted the sand strip where the Murrumbidgee kissed the lawn, ' I'm right ; glad to find sheep trumps; but Mr. George and Mistress Helen mustn't take all the kudos. There was a day, you know, whon John here played a hand — and a mighty heavy trick it look too, eli, Wingate ? ' 'I know what you mean, uncle Graeme,' bnrst from Randal Thesiger, an irrepres sible youngster of nine. 'That's when father knocked the murderer down and — Wasn't it? Isn't that the story father will never tell us,' and uncle Gaorge soys he don't know all of? But it wasn't any trick, was 'it? Tell ub, unole, you know allubout it, don't you ? ' 'Yes. Randal, my boy, I do. I was there ! ' The last three words left the Inspector no ohanco of refusal. A dozen pair of bright young eyes wore fixed upon him, while a doz&i; tongues simultaneously shouted ' Do tell us' ; for, had not the youngsters, gathered at Ratbdonnell for Christ mas, ?? gotten the idea that uncle Graeme (a stranger to them 'all till his arrival that morning) was ' head of the deteotives ' in Sydney. Consequently the chance of a story from such au ocean of mystery was not to bB lost. ' Inspeotor Graeme's smile towArds the group of elders meant ' What am I to do ? ' but young Randal was not to be denied. . . . ' Did you ever find out who he was, the villain that father punched, uncle ? Do toll us ! Tell us from the start !' 'Well, I'll tell you, lad. In foot, I don't see why they shouldn't be told, John ; besides, I don't suppose that Franklin and Oarruthers here have overheard the yarn ? ' So here robb,' continued the Inapeotor. ' Yonr mother had not a little to do with if, Randal.' ' Come now, that's too muoh,' inter rupted Mrs. Thesiger coquettishly. ' I'm sure I — — ' ' Hanged if I oan pee bow you Iring her in, Graeme,' said Wingato, in a depreca tory tone. . ' Now, don't you interrupt me, George, my boy. You know jolly well if the. lot of you hadn't been after Holon things ?wouldn't have turned out as they did.' Wingato nodded assent to this indisput able assertion. 'Now, mind, don't interrupt me. My sister, that'? your mother, Randall, waB barmaid at one of the best hotels in Sydney eighteen yearB aso ; and a nice bar-full of customers she always had.' ? ' Fatbct was oue, I'll bet.' ' Yes, that he was.'1 ' And Undo George too ! ' ' Right again, nephew. Ho was always there. Now, no intmuptiou, George! And crowds of other fellows — nno in particular abont as ilovilish-lookiug a customer as ever I set eyes on.' ' That's tho cove dad knocked over, I know.' ' Jehoshnphat 1 ho was a Satanic speci mon, wasn't he, John 'I ' 11 When I saw him last I thought him Satanic enoujih,' said Thesiuer. '.' Pon my oath I ' exclaimed the In spector, 'I, always expected to seo a forked tongue sttek oxit of his mouth, when his bead came near mine. His little black oyeB teemed lo fix yonrB, and bis forehead to flatten down while you looked, and his lips to hardon themselves together, even when ho paid ' good day.' Ho was more liko a snake tban anything human I over saw.'' ' Mother didn't like him, I gnesR.' : ' Indeed, Nellie, I diduot. Yet the man had a certain fascination. And then what diamonds ho wore ! ' 'Blood jewels, Holen,' said Graeme, seriously. ' Strango to Eay I thought bo when I first saw them. I didn't know any of tho fellows hanging about tbo Belmoro then, having only just beon transferred from Newcastle to tho Sydney deteotir ttaff. Somehow, a rnagnotism more ot tracfcivo than my eistor's seemed to draw me to that bar.' ' P'raps it was tho whisky, nnclo ? ' 'No, yon impertinent young monkey. I think, Heloo, it was p. premonition of dan ger moro than anything clue.'' ' Did you hnow the Snako-naau, uncle ?' asked little Jack Thesiger. 'No one ever knew him, or Jhb right name either. We never probed his mystery. At 'the time I' first spoko of, yonr father and vmule George did not know ouch other, except pc-rhapa just to nod. Then, one day, an ailveriiseinent appeared in the Herald. Do you recollect how it ran, John ? ' 'My word, I do. It ran liko this, 1 Wanted mate, with £23 cash, to go pro specting, single, by letter, X.N., 05.} Clarence St.' ' 'Yes, that wa3 it, word for word I do believe. You must understand that Rath -?onnell waB mortgaged for all it was worth lit the time ; Theeiger, tho owner only in name. If ho could havo raised Half a century ou it it was ns much jib he could, so what must your dad do, Randall, but answor this advertisement, thinking he would go out and make his pile ?' ' And did he, uncle ? ' ' He did in a way, but not the way ho thought to. Ho answered X.N.'s advertise ment ; got a reply appointing date for an in terview; and interviewed X.N., a strange looking follow ; whom, as lie subsequently told (lie coroner, bo never retnembored to have seen before. Now. at that interview, it was arranged that Thesiger and X.N. should go prospecting at a place on the Parramatta River, close to where tlie Mortlako Gas Works now stand. It was all thick scrub then. Your father was actually green enough, nephews and nieces, to believe that gold was to be had there, and was qi^ite cock-a-hoop at tho thought of striking it ! So much so, that though uncle George was almost a stranger to him, your iather mentioned to him tho proposed prospecting trip that same night, as they were taking a drink together at the Bel more. To your father's astonishment he found that George Wingato had also answered X.N.'s advertisement: had also interviewed X.N.; had alsomade an appoint ment with X.N. at the self-same place, but on a date two days earlier than that on which yonr father was to go.' 'Did tho Snake-man answer the advertisement, too ? ' 'No; not quite. You'll see it all in a jiffy. John Thesiger and George Wingato discussed the matter; luckily the latter tumbled to tho idea that something was wrong. And the rnore they discussed it, tbe more certain did they feel that mischief was in the' air. So they made up their minds that Wiugate should keep his appointment and that The6iger, out of fight, but within call, should play watch dog.' ' That was the meeting the row was at, wasn't it, uncle ? ' ' Yps, lad, I'm coming to that. It was fortunate your mother should havo over heard a part of what your father and. uncle George had said about prospecting. She told me about it later on the same night. I didn't quite take it ia at the time, but got tbe Herald file and had a look at X.N.'s advertisement. All of a sudden, something seemed to tell me there was crooked work on the board ; so, without a word, I put on my hat and walked round to Clarence street to havo a look at number sixty-five and a quarter.' 'You weio doing a bit of detective, eh unole ? ' ' Just 60, and a good job too ! I saw nothing that night, but reported the matter and next day waB instructed to Bhadow the place. I hadn't beon lying low very long when who should walk out of sixty-five and a quarter but the Snake-man of the diamonds. Then, I knew that my pre monition of danger was not without a rea son. I pumped tho date of his proposed prospecting trip out of George Wingate and till that date made it my business to shadow the Snake-man. I was determined that the appointment should not be kept without me being at hand. ' That's how you got there, is it, unole?' 'That's how I got there, nephew. I did not eaw a word to anybody, but when the afternoon arrived and I found that Mr. Snake-man was off; in a cab, it was me after him. He left bis trap on the Parra-' matta Road just about Five Dock. He was evidently quite unsuspicious of being shadowed, and started straight away in the direotion of tbe Parramatta Rivor, through the thick scrub on the banks of which I had Borne trouble to follow him.' ' Was unole George there ? ' ''Yes, Wingato was there, sitting on a rock, waiting for X.N. He had pulled up the river in\i Bkiff earlier in the afternoon. I was in a position to note what transpired unobserved. I heard something said about money. Then I hoard the Snake-man, use the words ' gold '. and ' rock,' and thinks I to myself he intends to try and get money out of Wingate by pretending the river sandstone to be auriferous. After they had talked a bit, tho Snake-man led Wingate along the river bank some two or three hundred yards (I all the while shadowing them) to a apot where the sinking of a small diagers' ' pot-hole ' had been com menced.' 'Was there gold there?' asked little Jack Thesiger. ' Gold?- No, there's not gold within miles of it, but George Wingate was as green as grass about mining. He stooped, innocent enough, to look at tho gold and then flopped down on his knees to get a bettor view of the stuff. While he was in that position, I heard tbe Snake-man say, excitedly,' Closer, man !' and noticed him nervously clutching beneath his coat-flap with his right bund. Good heavens ! he means murder, flashed into my brain and I sprang forward. Too late! One savnge blow from a litho cylindrical sand-bag, given with nil the villain's strength, smote Wingate on the nape of his neck, felling him apparently lifeless.' Here all eyes were turned ou Wingate, who was listening as intently as unyone, though with a graver air. ' Luckily I protected his head, the part tbe scoundrel had slrnck nt. My arm had turned tho wicked sand-tubo just far enough to save his lifo, but at tbo cost of a nusty contusion. Tho Snake-man had fpruug baok when he Baw me. As he was drawing a revolver from his vest pocket, I drew mine, aimed at his black heart, and pulled the trigger. My luck was out, for the infernal tool wouldn't go off. For ..no instant, I was at his mercy. I fully reckoned I waB a gone coon — when— tbiro was a mighty bound — and a muttered oath — and a quick onel — two! — three-! — straight from the shoulders of a fellow who could evidently handle bis fives.' 'D.ad ! That was dad, I know! Hooray !' screamed Randal, tho irrepressible, ' Wasn't it, unole ? ' ' I believe you, my boy ; and I nevor was oo glad to see a man in my life. I should have been potted in another second, and thon tho scoundrel would havo finished undo Georgo.' 'Did Mr. Thnsiger kill him?' ntked a young Miss Franlum. ' No, but ho bteadicd him for a second or two. The wrotck was only winded. I was pretty nigh helpleBs with my wounded arm and thero were- X.N. and your fatli- r rolling over and over in as keen a struggle as ever took placo in tho world. Just :ik I managed to got a grip on tho beggar ho contrived somohow to lire at your father — meaning his brains. Ho missod his aitn, however. It was bad enough as it wiit, the bullot going clenn through tho shoulder. A Becond later I knocked Mr. Bnako-miui out of titno with a tap from his own sand bag.' ' Pretty hard tip, Graeme, , old mnn,' said Thesiger, who had listenod in silence. ' Id would have boon harder only I wanted him for tho gallows.' ' Ho cheated you of that, right enough.' ' Llow, may I ask?' interpolated Mr. Franklin. ' That's what's always pnzzlod me, sir. Tho tap I gavo him never killod him. That I'm certain of. Yon 8oo we v;ovo nil in a pretty bad way whon tho rumpus was ovor — Snako-manlaidoutsoneeloBS--Gcorge Wingate ditto — John Ihesigor shot through the shoulder. As for yours truly, 1 was winged. Well, I managed to lnmiJcuffmy man with his arms round a good Etout sapling. And I strapped his elbowE together on tlio other sido of the treo, so that I knew, if ho did got awny, he -must take tho trno with him. Then I went straight oil for hcilu. I wasn't long away, but when I and tbose I i'etchfid with mo cot back, there was Thesieer lviuc in a faint from loss of blood, Wiugate sitting up staring as though he'd seen a ghost, and tlio muriioring cause of all tbo trouble still handcuifed to tho sapling, but as dead as a doornail — damn him !' Even after seventeen years, the Inspoctor must havo his swear at the recollection of the gallows having been eo shamefully cheated. ' Your gontlo tap must havo settled his hash, uncle ?' critically remarked the irre pressible one. ' Nothing on earth would ever convince me of that, nephew. He could have stood a dozen such taps. And he didn't commit suicido, for he couldn't move hand or arm. I took preciouB good caro of that. Any how, there he was, dead, and that's all I know about him. We tried nil we knew now to discover who and what he really was ; but, Lord, ho was jnst the greatest myBtery we ever Btruck. It's'my belief ho ?was more than half devil. But I should like to know what became of his ring.' ' What ring, uncle ?' asks Nellie. ' Well, my dear, ho seems always to have worn a diamond ring. I could swear I saw it flash when ho raised bin revolver to fire at me ; but whon I got back and found him dead it was not on his finger. Your father, you see, was not able to move and George Wiugato was next door to insonsiblo. It just licks mo altogether.' » ? # ? The sun was nearing tho horizon, a disc of molten copper, as the Inspector finished his yarn. Tho younger Thesigers with Carruthers and the Franklins strolled off towards tho river; and John Thesiger sauntered towards a rose trellis to adjust a straggling branch of Marie Henriette. ' Look, Helen,' whispered Wingate, showing her a ring. Mrs. Thesiger leaned over in her rocking chair. ' O, my God !' she Baid. 'What!' oried Graeme, who had jumped off his lounge to see what had drawn such an exclamation from his Bister. 'Whatl in your possession, Win gate ? John, John, oome here !' he hal looed to Thesiger, busy at the rose-trellis. 'Look at it, John,' he continued, as his brother-in-law stepped on to the.veran dah. . ' 0 Jack,' said Helen, 'it's awful.' John Thesiger looked, and (intuitively guessing his wife's thought) lie, too, cried out, ' O my uod !' and turned a reproaoh ful look on Wingate. . i . . 'Yes, Helen,' thus Wingate, ignoring tbe male serutiny of suspicion. ' I've had it all these years. . I took it from him, yet none the less he gave it me. It was no part of his evil spoils. Yes, I look it from him1 that awful afternoon.' ' Well, I'm damned 1' observed Graeme as with conviotion. Then silence for a space. ' I BuppoBe the evidence' you gave 'at the inquest was a string of tarradiddles ?' asked Graeme, angrily. ' Well, old man, it was all that, if sup pression of a pertain amount of the whole truth comes into the category. You see, whilst you were away for help, I came ronnd a bit, and the man at the sapling called hoarsely to me, and told me who he was.' ..-,?? 'Told— you — who— he— was? And who was he ?' ' My brother— my half-brother, Evelyn Grant.' . ' Great Scott ! Your broth— -that bell fiond your brother ? Why, he must have known it when he enticed you away !' 'Yes! He knew it. But my money was as good as anyone else's — and yet, — yet, — ho was my own mother's eldest ohild. He had gone utterly to tbe bad ero he left Eugland. That he was out here I didn't know till that day of horror. I hadn't seen him since I was quite a small ohap at Rugby. He was then a harnm- scarum scamp, with an evil reputation, dissipating his inheritance. He was kind to me iu those days, after his fashion. Tipped me, you know, and took me to tho theatres and Lord's cricket ground, and all that. To find him as I did was simply frightful. Still, immediately after the hideous dis covery, I only saw the brother, who bad once been good to. me, in danger of the scaffold.' 'What? He confessed ?' 'No, he confessed nothing. . Quietly observed that he'd be soragged if all were bowled out. Ho did'nt ask me tohelp him get away. ' Nor did_ he tell mo one single word about bis criminal oareer. AU he said was that his weird was dree'd. All he asked of me was that for the sako of his mother and. mine I'd. give him the little stoppered bottle that was in the roll collar of his waistcoat.' 'Hem! So that's where it was I 'said Graeme, ' And you gavo it to him ?' ' Just so ! I gave it him. Was I wrong?' ' You were — Yes, I think you wore right' — thus Helen, hesitatingly. ' You wore perfectly right ! ' thus John Thesiger, aB though ex ctthedra, ' You were wrong to blazes! ' thundered Graeme ; ' wrong to blazes. But, by Jove, old man, had I been in your place I'd bays done just as you did.' 