Coronal foil of the C/.ur. (From the Times.) THE Czar made his state entry into Moscow on Thursday, 28th May, accom panied by the Empress and Court. The route from the Petrofsky Palace, whence the cortege started, to the Kremlin, a distance of about three miles, was lined by enormous crowds of spectators. Every inch of the way was elaborately decorated with fluttering flags, banners, pennons, escutcheons emblazoned with the Imperial initials, streamers stretched across the roadway, Venetian masts, and garlands of heather hanging from pole to pole. The number of distinguished guests and foreign visitors generally, in cluding 160 British tourists lodged in one house on the line of route, are in comparably more numerous than when the late Czar was crowned, just 13 years ago. There was also less restraint on this occasion, and open windows and balconies were freely filled with gaily dressed spectators, on condition, how ever, that their names were early an nounced to the police. It must not be supposed that no other precautions were taken. Specially-chosen men were here and there among the crowds to help the police in keeping order, which is never very difficult with a Russian mob. The weather, which had been wet and cold, fortunately took a turn for the better, and the sun shone bright and hot. ThcCathedralof the Assumption is very small, so that very few people could witness the actual ceremony of the coro nation. To the numerous representa tives of the foreign press it was only found possible to allot less than a dozen places. The Times correspondent re ceived one of them. On a platform facing the high altar were the thrones of the Etnperoi and Empress, surmounted by a canopy, and to the right of the Imperial throne, likewise under a canopy, was the throne of the Empress Dowager. The throne of the Emperor is covered | with plaques of gold in which are set many rough-cut jewels, mostly rubies, emeralds, and turquoises, to the number, it is said, of nearly 2000 It is usually called the Throne of the Tsar Michael, the first ruler of the Romanoff dynasty, but according to the old records it belongs to an earlier period, having been sent as a present by a Shah of Persia to ivan the Terrible. The throne of the young Empress, covered with plaques of ivory beautifully carved in basrclief, was a gift of Pope Paul II. to the Tsar Ivan III. on the occasion of his marriage with the niece of the last Byzantine Emperor. The Empress Dowager's throne, hot un like that of the Emperor in general ap pearance, is that of the Tsar Alexis, father of Peter the Great. It is orna mented with nearly 1000 diamonds and over 1200 rubies, together with many turquoises and pearls, while from the back rise an eagle of solid gold and statuettes in the same metal of St. Peter and St. Nicholas the miracle worker. The place assigned our correspondent was directly behind the Empress's throne and 011 a slightly higher level, so that he could see plainly all that took place 011 the dais, and could even look into the sanctuary through the great doors of the iconostase. He writes : The Ernperor holds himself erect, and shows in all his movements a great deal of quiet dignity, while his face, which at some moments strikingly resembles that of his cousin the Duke of York, wears habitually a kind sympathetic expression. He wears the uniform of colonel of the Preobrazhenski Infantry Regiment, with the red Cordon of Alexander Nevski and the plain Collar of St. Andrew. The Empress, always handsome, is to-day looking magnificent in a low dress of silver brocade cut in llic ancient fashion, her beautiful brown hair, dressed most simply without jewellery or other orna ment, falling in two long thiclt ringlets on her white shoulders. She looks bright and cheerful, and in all her move ments displays an easy grace and digni fied composure. On reaching the great door of the iconastnse their Majesties kneel three times, venerate the holy icons, and ascend the dais, where they are gracefully received by the Empress Downger. At last the great personages who toon part in the procession have found their appointed places, and it would be diffi cult to imagine a more brilliant assemh'.y. Among foreign royalists 1 observe the Queen of Greece, ihc Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the Unite and Duchess and Hereditary Prince of Coburg, Prince Henry of Prussia, the Grand Duke of Hesse, the I'riice of Naples, the Crown Prince of Sweden, the Prince and Prin 1 CCES of Roumania, the Prince of Mon Icncgro, the Duke of Sparta, and Princes George and Nicholas of Greece ; also Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria. In the small space reserved for the diplomatic corps are all the Ambassadors and Min isters Plenipotentiary. On the opposite side 1 notice the Hishop of Peter borough, in full canonicals, occupying the place of honour among the foreign ecclesiastics, and near him a venerable Metropolitan of the Armenian Church. Hefore proceeding to the coronation ceremony the Emperor, on the invitation of the Metropolitan of St. Petersburg, reads aloud in a clear, unfaltering voice, from a richly-bound volume held by his Eminence, the Orthodox creed, and the Metropolitan thereupon invokes on his Majesty the blessing of the Holy Spirit, l'hen comes the ceremony of robing, which is performed wilh the assistance of the Metropolitan. First the ordinary Collar of St. Andrew is taken off in order to be replaced by the diamond Collar of the Order, and a magnificent mantle of Slate is placed on the Imperial shoul [ ders, while the Metropolitan pronounces with great solemnity the words, ' In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The Emperor then Jeans forward, and the Metropolitan performs the mystic rite of placing his hands in the form of a cross on the Imperial head. All is now ready for the most important part of the ceremony. His Majesty, taking the great crown from the Metropolitan, puts it on with his own hands and sits down on the throne, holding in his right hand the sceptre and in his left the globe of dominion. After sitting thus in state for a few minutes he stands up again and proceeds to crown his august spouse, who conies forward and kneels before him. First he touches her forehead with his own crown, and then he puts on her head the little crown, I which is at once attached to her hair by four ladies in wailing. In like manner her Majesty is invested with a mantle of gold brocade and ermine resembling in all respects that of her august spouse. Thus crowned and invested, they sit in I state while a proto-diacon reads in a rough stentorian voice the interminably long list of titles belonging to the Impe rator and Autocrat of all the Russias, and the choir chants a prayer invoking long life and happiness for the possessor of the titles. The whole audience | bows three times by way of con gratulation, while the members of the Imperial family and the foreign Princes go up to tlio dais aud express their good wishes to the Emperor, Em press, and Emp rcss Dowager in a less I impersonal fashion, the near relations embracing and the others kissing hands. In the latter category «vas Prince Fer dinand, of Bulgaria, whose manner seomed a Utile constrained, but scrupu lously correct. Outside, all the bells of the Kremlin and the city announce to the assembled multitudes by a merry deafening peal that their beloved Tsar has been crowned, and tlio battery of artillery at the end o£ the palace fire a salute of 101 guns. Here ends the coronation in the nar rower sense of the term. There remains the equally important rite of anointing with the holy oil, but meanwhile mass has to be celebrated and it lasts nearly an hour. I was assured by an official of the' Holy Synod, who happened to he standing by me, that of high dignitaries there were no fewer than GO, all gor geously arrayed in new vestments of rich gold brocade, looking very impres sive in their beards mid high mitres, and still more picturesque when during muss they removed their head gear and al lowed their long wavy hair to fall down over their shoulders. ' Every ono of those ecclesiastical costumes,' whispered my friend of the Holy Synod, ' is quite new and cost 10,000 roubles.' I have heard Russian church music hundreds of times, but never anything so thrilling as this, the deep bass voices of adult singers blending marvellously with the clear, soft, gentle voices of the little red-robed choristers standing hefore the iconostase. Involuntarily I remembered the beauti ful ang«)ic choirs of Fni Angelica, The only marked peculiarity in this service is that at one moment the Einpcror kneels and reads aloud a sljo/'t special prayer, after which clergy and audience kneel, the Emperor alone standing, and a somewhat longer prayer is recited in a faltering voice by the aged Metropolitan. As a preparation for the ceremony of anointment, the Governor of Moscow lays down from the stops of the dais to the great doors of the iconostase a crim son velvet carpet and a cloth of gold. The great doors open, and two arch priests, accompanied by proto-diacons, come forward and announce that the time has come for the celebration of the mystic rite. The Emperor rises from his throne, hands his sword to one of his assistants, and descends the steps, fol lowed by the Empress and accompanied by the highest Court dignitaries, of whom about 20 are required for holding up their Majesties' mantles. .Before the high nltar the Metropolitan of Moscow, holding the precious amphora of the holy chrism, anoints his Majesty on the forehead, eyes, nostrils, ears, lips, and breast, pronouncing the words 'The seal of the gift of the Jloly Spirit,' and another"; Metropolitan, Monsi^nor of Kiefl', wipes the parts touched by his colleague. Then the Empress advances and is likewise anointed, but only on tho forehead. Again all the bells of the Kremlin are rung and another salute of 101 guns is fired. Here ends the itiyBtical rite ot t lie anointment. There remains the ad ministering of the Sacrament, which is celebrated with groat pomp unci with one peculiarity. The Emperor receives the elements separately-immediately before (lie Jillar-whereas tlio Empress communicates outside the great doors in the usual manner of the laity. AH soon ns their Majesties returned to their thrones the rest of the Comma nion services is celebrated, and thcehnii chants with wondrous sweetness, ' Munj years, many years, ninny yours.' Tin I Emperor resumes the crown, sceptre, am I globe, and all preaunl oiler rcspuetfullj tlieir congratulations by bowing three times. Tim magnificent ceremony is at I an end. I 