SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES BT FAVOUBIIB AUTHORS. K MONTANA DIVORCE SUIT. 4 Yo» «air that tali chap standing 01 the rear platform of the express when slit went through here this morning P' saie the Jericho station-master. ' Ole's thc Athensville Baptist preacher, and lie's ot his wa; to Ohioaga to give his tesliinonj In the great divorce suit. What I 1 nevei told you about any divorce suit P Well you surprise me, for that there divorce snit is just the biggest thing of the kind we have ever had in this section of the Kountry. * That Baptist preacher hasn't anything lo do with it except to swear that ht married the plaintiff and the defendant there's nothing crooked about the Rev. \- Mr. Humphreys. He's as good as thej make 'em, though I say it myself, and J don't think much of Baptists as a general thing, having been brought up a Metho- dist, though I resigned from them when i was made conductor, which is a berth Íbat a man can't do anything with unless ie can swear a blue streak when the occasion arises. ' This hyer preacher took charge of the f^bensville Baptist Church a matter of ve years ago, and being a wonderful San for managing a church and making attractive to the general public, it wasn't long before he had the largest con Îrogation of any preacher in the place, 'he Presbyterian minister felt that he pad to do something to maintain, hie Eoeitioii, so he preached a series of ser- ions on baptism, proving, as he thought, that sprinkling w'¿3 the only authorised way of baptism, and that immersion was all a mistake. In one of his sermons ho made a pretty good point by showing that on one occasion John the Baptist baptised so many people in a day that he must have averaged three to the minute. This, (he preacher claimed, would have been impoBBible if he bad done it in any other Way than by sprinkling. Mr. Humphreys only laughed when they told him about this sermon, and said, "Just wait till we have our regular spring baptising season." Bo tho next spring, when there wore »bout forty people, young and old, waiting lo join tho Baptists, Mr. Humphreys, he takes the whole lot down to the creek and immerses every- one of them in less than ten minutes, breaking the record and heating John the Baptist's best time. That made him nore popular than ever, and that year the . people built him a new church twice as big as the old one. It stands on the hill about a mile out cf Itbeneville, for when it was built it was calc'lated the town i Îronld grow in that direction, but some- j ow it hasn't. 41 tell you this just to show what an enterprising man the parson was. Ho Insisted on having the tallest steeple to to his new church that could be found anywhere in Montana Territory, and b'gosh he got it. People need to cerne from miles away to climb np that steeple and see the view. There waën't Ey view to sneak of, the country ing too hilly in those parts to have much scenery, but for all that people were anxious to eay that they had been to the top of the steeple. 'There was BB old maid in Mr. pumphreys' congregation, who was . more determined to get married ihan my woman you ever saw. She WSB one of those thin, persevering-looking women, and a mighty dangerous sort they ?re. Mies Payson, which was this lady's name, was bound to marry a young man of the name of Halsey, who had never done her any harm, and was about as sensible and well behaved a chap as there was in all Athens ville. Of course, he didn't have tho least idea of marrying the woman, but he was ono of those good-tempered chaps that are always afraid to say no when a .roman asks them to do anything. Good temper is the ruin of lots of folks. It's kept me down, I know that. If I'd been one of these crusty, rampageous fellows that never does a kind action if he can help it, I should have been superintendent cf this road instead of being only a station-master at one of tho smallest stations in the territory. Never you bc too good- tempered. Of the two it ruins more men than whiskey. . One day Mies Payson she gets young Haleey to take her up in the steeple of the Baptist Church. Tou see, visitors . were always going up that steeple be- tween the hours of ten and five, during which the sexton stayed at church to attend to things and eoe that everybody sonducted themselves as they should. At five o'clock he locked up the church door that led to the steeple, and then he locked np the church door and wont home for the night. ' Miss Payson and her young man went np the steeple about three o'clock in the afternoon, but she said she enjoyed it so much that Hasley was prevailed upon to stay there with her a good deal later than he had intended to stay. She kept him pointing out all the houses in the tonn and every hill and valley in the whole neighbourhood, and when ehe finally asked him to look at. his watch and tell her the time, she was, as she pre- tended, dreadfully alarmed to find that lt-was half-past fire. Halsey ran down the stairs and found that the door was locked and nobody was within hearing. ¡The sexton had forgotten there was any me np the steeple, «nd had, locked up ind ¿one home at five o'clock as usual, atálaev «ame hack and told Mita Payson. who boret into tears and said that her reputation waa mined. She and Halsey would have to spend the nigh* m the steeple unless he was willing to jump out of the window and break his neck, and she had rather die a thousand times than let him do that. ' Halsey was considerably scared him- self, for be saw that unless he could invent some way of geting Miss Payson out of the steeple he would have te marry her whether he wanted to or not. He thought the matter over for awhile. Miss Payson weeping her level beat, and rest- ing her head in a forgetful sort of way on his shoulder. Finally a bright idea struck him. There was the bell rope1 which waa s stout one - inch manilla, Why shouldn't ho lower Miea^ Payson to thegrouud with it and then slide down it himself P ' He explained his plan to the lady, but she didn't seem to like it. She eaid she was sure the rope would break, or that he would drop it, or that ehe would be killed in some aort of way, if the experi- ment was tried, " No 1" says she, " 1 will remain here, and trust to your honour as a gentleman to defend mo from the sneers of the heartless world. I really haven't the courage to allow you to lower me down this awful height with any rope." ' Halsey wouldn't hear to ber objections and argued with her for a long time. It wasn't until he accidentally mentioned that the steeple «ras chock full ef mice, and rats, and bats, and such, that Miss Payson consented to try the rope. Even then she was a mighty dissatisfied woman and came very near resolving that she would take the risk of the wild animals rather than lose euch a first-class chance for capturing a desirable husbaud. Hal seJ "gged up a sort of seat for the woman eo that she could sit in -the bight of the rope with lashings around her here and there, and couldn't fall out if she wanted to. Then he got her to stand on the window ledge and lowered away. Miss Payson shrieked a good deal at first, and begged Halsey to let her come and die close to him, bat he wasn't going to have any woman dying around his neck if he knew himself. So he lowered her down gently and easily, encouraging her ali the time, till he found that his rope had come to an end. lt wasn't quite as long as he had supposed that it was, and the upshot was that there was Miss Payson about «thirty feet from the ground,- with no possible way of reaching it unless Halbey should let go his end of the rope. ' He thought of letting go of it, bot being a humane good tempered man, as I said, he couldn't bring himself to it, since the reenlt would have been. that either Mies Payson would have bean killed or at least most of her limbs would have been broken. Se he made the end of the rope fast to a beam, and'called out to Miss payson not loee courage, and he wonld soon think of some way to get her out of the difficulty. She begged him to pull her np again, and he actually tried to do it, knowing all tho while what the con-' seqnences wonld be if he succeeded, but he found that he didn't have the necessary strength. Miss Paysou was heavier thau she looked to be, though she was mostly bones, but ehe was a-good seventy-five feet below him, and it would have taken two men of his strength to have hoisted her up into the stoeple again. He pulled at the rope till he waa pretty near exhausted, for he naturally felt a little ashamed at acknowledging toa woman that there waB auything that he wasn't strong enough to do. However, he had to como to it at last, and tell her that if it waa te save both their livee he couldn't manage to pull her back into the steeple. So she settled down to cry and he settled down to smoke a pipe, with a view te clearing his ideas. ' AU of a sudden, he saw what he ought to do, aud wondered that ha had been such an idiot as not to have seen it before There waa the bell just above his head, and all he had to do was to climb up and ring it bj swinging the clapper from side to sido till the alarm should bring back the sexton with the keys. By this time i it was getting rather dark, and Halsey set to work at that bell and kept on tolling it slow and regular, for that was the only way he could manage to ring it. j . It's the enstom with us to toll the I bell when anybody dies, and to give just as many strokes on the bell as the deceased had lived years. When Halsey began to toll the bell the Athensrille people listened to find out how old the deceased had been. When the strokes had got up among the eighties they allowed that the oldest settler in the town m net have died very sudden, for he had boon econ drunk, as usual, and in perfect health that afternoon as late as 3 o'clock. But the bell kept on, and bi moby, after it had tolled some 250 times and showed no sighs of stopping, folks began to think the sexton had just happened to hear about the death of Methusaleh, aud waa j notifying other people of the fact. .j " You may aek why didn't somebody go to the,church and".find out rwha't the bell was ringing for. Well, for¿ne thing, it was just supper lime, and nobody felt anxious to take a walk of armile'cr -two just at that hour. Then, too, it-had heen : said that the Baptist churchyard was haunted, and there wasn't any general desire to interfere with ghosts in case they ehould have taken a notion to toll tha bell. The tolliog kept on till Halsey had tolled, the bell ever four hundred time», and then the Ber. Mr. Humphreys arrived on the spot, and when he heard Miss Payson's voice somewhere tn 4he air aver' I hts head ho «as oonsidjeflfc startled, though, not being a believer in ghosts, he wasn't a bit frightened. " ' How on earth did you coin6 np there, ma'am P Aud what aro you tolling the bell far P' " Miss Payson explained what was the matter. She eaid that she aud Mr. Halsey had come to church in the afternoon, cal c'latin' to find the parson there, and to ¡ got married ; that not- finding him they bad gone into the steeple to eec the view, and had accidentally been locked in, She was nure that she couldn't live many minutes longer, eke felt so weak, and she hoped Mr. Humphreys would marry her to Mr. Halsey without another minute's delay, and so save her reputation even if it didn't save her life. " The minister wanted to Bend for help, and get her safe oa the solid ground before marrying her, but she said that she must be married before she could dare to face any of her townsmen. Such, she said, were also Mr. Halsey's viewe, and if Mr. Humphreys had the feelings of a man and a Christian, lot alone a Baptist minister, he would go ahead with the marriage service. " Mr. Humphreys finally consented, and called out to Halsey to nod when he should see the minister wave his right arm, that being the only way in which Halsey could make the responses, seeing as his voice didn't fairly reach to the ground. Haying arranged this satis- factorily, as he thought, Mr. Humphreys went ahead, and in about two minutes he bad Miss Payson marrried to Mr. Halsey. Just then the sexton came np with the keys, and, knowing where he could lay his hand on a length of rope he took it up into the steeple and bent it on to the bell rope. Then ho and Halsey lowered Miss Payson to the ground and came down the stairs together. ' " You'll find your wife waiting in the graveyard," says Mr. Humphreys te Halsey. "She's naturally a little exeited and she's resting on a flat tombtstone." ' If you mean Miss Payson,' says Halsey, * I can't understand why you call her my wife.' * ** I call her your wife," saye the minister, " because I have just married you two, and I won't allow no man tc question the binding character of any marriage that I have a. hand in." ¡.if' Married us 1' cried Halsey. " When and where P This is the first time I have heard of it." * " Young man," says the parson, " thia hyer's a serious subject, and I' don't approve of jokes on either weddings or funerals. Miss Payson told me while she was singing there in the air that you and she wanted to be married the worst way, and so I married you. If there is any mistake I am 410t to blame. I've done my best as a minister of the gospel, and if you don't like it yon- can go to the Divorce Court and see if yon can get it altered, I will tell yon candidly that I don't believe »ny court will listen to yon, for roy marriages are iron clad and bullet proof every time, and worth a good sight moro, than the five dollars I am waiting for yon to pay me." 'Well, Halsey he weat home pretty mad, without waiting to eoe Miss Payson, and the very next day he begîuB a suit for a divorce. That's the great divorce suit I was telling yon about wheu I pointed out the Rev. Mr. Humphreys to you, It,e been dragging along for four years. Sometimes it's decided in favour of Halsey and sometimes in favonr of Miss Payson, and then its always appealed and has to be tried over again. Miss Payson, she sticks to it that Halsey had agreed to marry her, and that he nuder stood perfectly well everything the parson said while the ceremony was going on. The parson says that Halsey nodded as was agreed upon wheu he asked him if he took Miss Payson to be his wedded wife and all that sort of thing) and that Halsey had hold of the rope that was tied to Miss Payson, which was all the same as having hold of her baud. On the other hand, Halsey swears that he nerer meant to marry the woman, and never knew that a marriage ceremony was being gone through with, but that he just nodded out of friendli- ness when he saw the parson waving his hand at him. The-evidence, as you can eoe, is pretty straight against him, and if he does happen to get a verdict it will coat him a powerful lot of money, for our jurymen are mighty honest and high toned, and it will take a good deal of money to induce them to see things in a light favourable to Halsey. Pm inter- ested io the case because of its importance, for if the courts finally decide that a man [ can b9 married to a woman when he ie seventy-five feet above her, and don't know what is going on, none of ns is safe, and first you'know some woman that is rushing through here on the express will be married to me while I hm selling tickets ia my office, and knowing oo more about it than a child unborn. Well, there is no use in sitting down and dreading dangers that may never come to time, and I suppose if it's a man's fate to be married be's got to knock under and there's no good in worrying over it till the timo comes.'-W. L. Alden in the New 'York.Sun. 