1 "ItiSPBHtRT GMBBEITMIIRft- , t rap. < * > : ' 4 , " How long have 1 been a rattpberry grabber ? Well, thisiB iuy second year <»f it.* Oh, yes, I like it well enough for a change; lt aixi't bad at, that." I suppose I'm like a lot of others, i 4° a «petl at this sort of thing, not bebause Pm \stone brake,' bat. it'e |a 'chanpe you bee from town life ; ana it'«s a jolly life, too, in its way, altho' the hours is long, and pickiug from six io the morning till near dark does gel a bit dry, you know, before you you knocks off. Much depends upon the sort cf place you gets uu at. At some places you meets with a rough puBh and no mistake; there's no Toorak flavor about them. We calls them warf rats, and you meets them mostly at the large gardens where they takes on anyone so long as they is well up to the job and look sHppety with their fingers. No question is asked about character— wouldn't do, you see; not quite. What abont the wages and the way we is treated!/ Well, that, too. varies a lot. A bloke as can pick his 150lbs. a day is a daisy at the ' biz.' and may get ten bob a week and his tucker, but a new chum can reckon on five bob and his tucker. As for the treatment, well, it ain't exactly a case of feather beds and your boots cleatoed in Jhe morning if left outside the \- 1 ^toite,* The bosses generally bunks fitted up for ' in tad wefirids our own fixings L .dry^emB to^oss on. rry. "feiUa^orjBrrthere the e __ jgi and putright again. Sour of as in the villa, and the others camp at the cottage yonder. What about the tuckerf Oh, mostly 'salt junk' and * spuds,* with puddings occasionally thrown In. Tha^e ail right; full and plenty is the rura but in course there's some grumblers- These mostly come as hungry as dingoes, and nothing goes amiss with them at first, but after,a day or two, when their waistcoats gets tight, they gets fanciful, aud want to feed better than the bosses theirselves. There's one drawback to this game, and tliat is, there's no place of amusement to go to after knocking off; such a dead and alive place we town chaps never stopped at before. I suppose they're frightened to give any kind of a performance whilst we pickers is about. Well, what if some of them ain't too well behaved, wouldn't it be better to try and amuse them all after dark, instead of letting them prowl about in search of drink or cherry orchards 1 Young fellows want some kind jf sport, and the bosses should remember this. We ain't all so bad that we don't know when to hold our 4 gab.' Still, even as it is the pickers make things * hum ' a bit, and our bosses know a lot more when we leave than before we come up, though I don't say the physic is good for them. " Nearly every 1 push ' has a bloke as can play the accordeon or mouth organ, and can play it well, too, besides being able to sing a good song—real up-to-date songs, and no mistake. A pickers' free and easy would be something new. I promise you things wouldn't go flat. What about the ladies ? Ok, well, perhaps the ladies had better stop at home. You sec, the boys might make free, as they do with their town 'donahs,' and then it would be a case of calling iu the 'copper,' and theu the affair would be * messed' up. Any way, if the chaps was taken a little more notice of, aud something done to amuse them after dark, perhaps there wouldn't be quite so many complaints about them ; they ain't all su bad as they're made out to be. Of course, a lot of ' barracking' goes on between us. and taking a rise out of a quiet chap is what we goes in for most. I do a lot of that myself, and reckon I'm not a bit too Blow at it, although I gef a fall occasionally. I got a trip up the other day. If yojii are amind to listen I'll tell you abqut it. " Last Monday the boss brought a young chap down to join us in pickiug. I think 1 never saw a chap less able to graft than -tiiia xitxcr. -rlfer ioofced better-"able t measure yards of ribbon than to work all day in the sun. He was just like a ghost, so white and thin, and, as for being weak, why, he seemed hardly able to hold hisself together. But he was clean, there's no gettiug away from that, and so was his shirt. His clothes like hisself had evidently seen better days, and they •was tailor made too, that I could see with half an eye. Well the boss called up his son (the skipper we call him to distinguish him from the boss) and told him to look after the new hand and see that lie did a fair day's work. It was clear the chap was green at raspberry grabbing, he seemed quite lost and fumbled with the canes and berries as if afraid of soiling his delicate fingers. Then the torments began. The chaps was down on him with questions as to where he'd learnt to pick. What number boiler had he last doBsed in ; what had he been last run in for, and so on. The poor chap—Jack was his name, so he said—took it ah in good part and never f«id a word. He afterwards jtold me that he had been a cleric in a large draper's house in Melbourne and had gqfc»the sack owing to bad biz and when all his beafc had gone he had to camp in the Treasury Gardens. Somehow, althcugh .there ain't much of the chicken stuff about him, I felt sorry for the bloke and made up my mind to Stand by him, BO I just warned the others ep.quiet until the chap was able to * 'iwfefL*" 1 . they did so, but JPPP<1 pntthfe blirilcars on my •couldn't interfere with what the (dripper done. Now he seemed inclined lo have a regular set against Jack from tbe very first and kept on finding fault wllli him until I felt half inclined to put my spoke in, even if it led to my rolling up my bluey. Still I kept quiet f Jack's sake, and, watching my chance I picked into his bucket instead of my own which helped him on a bit, but still the skipper would get on to him for not picking faster. You see the chap couldn't do it, as he wasn't up to the game, and then, too, he had a bad cough—a regular terror—and whenever he stooped over tbe canes it gave you the creeps to listen to him. After awhile poor Jack had to give in to the heat, and cleared ont for a drink of water. Oh, Caesar's ghost, how the skipper did perform when he saw this. He called the chap some very hard names, and said he was too slow to catch snails, much less to grab raspberries. " Well, Jack was a long time gone, and when he got back he was looking whiter than ever, and his cough was dreadful bad. Just then the skipper came up and got on to the chap like a June bug on to a grasshopper, It was too rough, and I believe all of as blokes would have thrown up our job to show our disgust, only Jack suddenly broke out, saying he'd rather swing c for it than stand being bullied for nothing, and then he suddenly pulled out of his pocket a revolver, and pointed it at the A skipper. Like greased lightning I went for Jack and pinaed him, the skipper knocked the revolver out of Jack's hand, and then all the excitement was over. It onlyiook'a minute,and then Jack Wined \- •• • . .• *,-.<: §tmt>blow me if l could (nor * e skipper. He looked a bit geared, but kept awful cool, and jnst told J|M& , to^eleir pff, that) was fill. Well, >Ja&k;, <&ughing; horribly all lEbe way, Iwalked up to the house to see the bos, and we went on ^picking* but . things was very quiet. -1 suppose we was thinking of ipoor Jack, for, you see, although he was the wrong, we ^somehow couldn't help pitying the poor beggar. Well, when * smokcro' time came I got the chaps together and tried to raise a little stuff for Jack, enough to get him a little tucker for a day or'two, but it was a dead horse; we could only raise a * thrum* between as, so we made up a parcel of clothes. One gave a shirt, another a pair of BOX, another a pur of pants, and so on. It was a real -useful lot, I can tell you. Well, you should have seen how thankful the chap was when we handed him the parcel and told him what was in it. He Beemed as if he couldn't speak, and turned his face away. 1 suppose he felt too cut up like to Bay anything, so we left him after shaking hands and wishing him good luck. But we hadn't seen the last of him, for later on he came down to the place where we was picking, and said, 'Look here, boys, the boss has given me half- acrown, and I want you to accept a " bob" out of it—'t ain't much, but you're welcome to it, and it will go a little way towards the value of the togs you've given me.' Now, that fetched me to rights. I was fairly knocked; and so was the other chaps. It showed-he was true grit. Well, of course we didn't take the * bob'—not much—bnt we told him he was a brick to offer it, and BO he was. Now. at four o'clock we had a spell for a drink of tea and a bit of something to -eat—it was a usual thing—and as we was amoving up to the Raspberry Villa, what should I see but the boss seated in'his buggy, and beside him a young fellow stylishly dressed; nearly all culls and collar, and crowned with a blooming straw 'sweet William.' 1 was thinking, 4 Well, if that ain't Jack, I'm off my head,' for the likeness was something wonderful, when he looked towards me with a grin on his face and called out, 'Ta-ta, old fellow, many thanks ; see you again next year when the picking commences.' Before I had got over my surprise, nij of my pals slapped me on the back aud said, ' Sold again, Larry ; tk.it bloke has had you ; he ain't no picker—he's a bank swell, and the boss's youngest son.' For a time the air sultry, you bet; but then, you see, I had to open a safety valve or I shouldn't have been here gassing to you. However, I freely forgive the ' quidshover,' for he acted his part splendid ; he would have taken down Old Nick hisself. I afterwards found out that both the boss and the skipper was in the have ; the revolver was a broken one and unloaded. But you must excuse me now, old fellow ; I see my bucket is only halffilled, and the skipper's looking this way." 