JOURNALISM IN THE SIXTIES. in an article on j-onoon ten nntt uown in t!ie Sixties and since,” contributed to the “ Fortnight^* Review,” Mr. T. II. S. Escott refers to the “ Tomahawk.” “Mr. Arthur a Beckett’s inventive mind,” lio says, “ found fresli scope for employment in launching an entirely new literary enter prise, the “ Tomahawk.” Just now this journal deserves special mention, because, in a degree not second to the “ Owl,’ it foreshadowed a species of newspaper which of Into years Inis been cultivated with marked success among us. Eliminate tha purely aesthetic element, then n thing un dreamed of, from Mr. Harry Eurnissls newest venture, and a fair idea may bo formed to-day of what the “ Toma hawk ” was. The sensation pro duced by it during its brief career was duo mainly or exclusively tio the continued labours of Mr. a Beckett with his pen, and of the late marvellously clever draughtsman, Matt -Morgan, with his pencil. The initial issue took place shortly after the miscarriage of the Mexican ex pedition, dealing, as it did, a fatal blow to the prestige of the second French Empire. ‘ Thou canst not say I did it,’ was the legend under the cartoon in tho first number—the pictuie representing the ghost of the murdered Maximilian ; tho words proceeding from the lips of tho horror stricken Napoleon the Litjlc. Nor was tho leading illustration in the second instal ment of this print less powerful, the subject being the return from the Derby in a coach which was driven by Apollyon. The premature end of the Marquis of Hastings lent just thou a special significance to the artist’s work, and the few pungent lines of Arthur h Beckettla letterpress accompanying it. Asso ciated witli Arthur a ’Beckett in tho “ Tomahawk ” was the late Frank Mar shall, who seemed to have educated himself on the dramatists of the Restoration, with literary results sometimes impressive, at others purely droll. Thestaff also included the present membor for King’s Lynn, Mri. T. 0. Bowles, who subsequently in .his own “ Vanity Fair” developed some of the ideas in which the “Tomahawk” abounded* Captain Alfr.ed Thompson, ox-dragoon and artist, wllo some years afterwards in tljd "Mask” anticipated unconsciously muejj of the peculiar kind of literary or artistic wit and humour presented to tho public now. This literary child of tho “ Toma: hawk,” as the “Mask” was, signalisecHbp tho first timo tho pervading popularity of the theatre, and, outside the journals of tho ‘profession,’ was the earliest print that niado it a point to oncourage and to supply tho histrionic appetito of the general pub lic. What were then tho distinctive features of Alfred Thompson’s journal are to-day recognised as indipensablo in all newspaper candidates for popular favour. 