Strange Stories of the Super- natural. The following interesting incidents are carefully selected from numerous examples that have been brought un- der the notice of the writer. A lady sent the following strange story to a weekly journal about three years since:— I cannot help believing in the supernatural, for I have had many tokens and warnings. I always know when I am going to hear of trouble "by a strange" irritable feeling, as though my nerves are unstrung. This sensation entirely leaves me after the sad news is received, and I am calm again. Sitting one evening in deep thought, with my eyes closed, with no sound about me save my hus- band writing, I heard someone dis- tinctly call me by my Christian name. The voice sounded familiar, and I at once crossed the room to the window from whence the sound seemed to come. I could see no one about. My hus- band had not heard the voice at all. For some time I was puzzled about the matter, and in the course of a few weeks a letter from Australia brought the sad news that a favourite aunt of mine—my mother's sister—had died there. As nearly as we could reckon, her death happened at the same time I heard the uncanny voice.' A commercial traveller says :—One night while travelling with a horse and trap from Keswick to Ambleside in Westmoreland, a distance of about seventeen miles, I suddenly noticed the form of a huge dog, nearly as big as a donkey, trotting by the side of my trap. The creature accompanied me for about three miles along the loneliest portion of the road, under the grim shadow of mighty Heluellyn, and then suddenly disappeared. This hap- pened some half a dozen times. On several occasions I endeavoured to drive the animal away with my whip, but failed. The dog generally ap- peared at the same spot, and always disappeared when we reached the tiny hamlet of Thirlmere. I may mention that I usually carried a considerable sum of money upon me, and I have sometimes wondered whether the dog was sent to accompany me for pur- poses of protection. However, it was very uncanny. Our next example comes from a sensible and cultured lady still residing at Manchester:—' I was the beloved child of the kindest father that ever lived. I went to the boarding school near Manchester, and he to his busi- ness in Liverpool. We parted in April, 1890, both being in excellent health and spirits. Every week brought me several long, loving let- ters from him. On the 10th of June, 1890, at 10.30 p.m., I distinctly saw him enter my bedroom and stand by my bedside for several minutes. He looked very ill; I spoke to him, but he made no reply. He soon left the room as he had entered it, and I was in great distress, for I felt that some- thing, serious was the matter. Early next morning a telegram came in forming me of his grave illness. I hastened to Liverpool, and found he was dead. He had died at 10.30 the previous night—the exact time he had appeared to me. I can offer no ex- planation of the vision. I have simply stated, the bare facts.' 