The Editor invites contributions to this column. Accepted paragraphs will be Paid for at usual rates. PitEMiEK Tuhkek's latest insidious enemy is rheumatic u'out. This is considered by Civil Servants and Income Tax payers as a judgment sent by a retrenciimant and taxition despising Providence. Chikk Seciiktaky Peacock, speaking at Port Melbourne on Monday night, remarked that people were apt to think it was a great tiling to bo a Minister of the Crown. So they were, but that was before he was made Cnief Secretary. The N.^.W. Parliament is now considering a Bill in favour of old age pensions for the destitute poor. It will probably be passed without much opposition. The liiil has its faults, but anything is belter than the system of miking private grants to impecunious politicians. Bisuor Thorkton is reported to be having a lively tim;> in London. lie has been visiting everywhere, and every second day dines with a Duke or breakfasts with a bishop. LUlms also been a frequent visitor at the Lyceum Tneatre to see Henry lrvmg act. Captain T. Ji/sr has named his new pneumatic dynamite gun the Angel-maker. Its bolts, we presume, will fa.lL upon thejuitand the unjust alike. Djes Captain Just guarantee to turn out any particular bind of angel with this machinegun of his—machine-made angels for instance? We are afraid they would be fallen angels as a rule. We know only one kind of ordnance tbi>t are guaranteed angel makers, a:.d they are church canons. The Mayor of Pea bran gravely stated in connection with a recent court case that ''the receiver is nearly as bad as the thief." Considering that one receiver makes a score of thieves ill-gotten giods), the Mayor's statement seems curious logic. But, possibly, it is good enough logic for Prahran. Sin John MTntthk at Bendigo the other day : "Give me the railways, and I will pay the national debt and die a little millionaire." No doubt, but the country is not 60 anxious to see Sir John die as to go to such extremes to secure ihat end. Perhaps the new knight only wants to be made Minister of Hailways. He bids high, but political promises have no relation whatever to performances. Every thing- comes to him who waits—barring tbe accomplishment of politicians' promises. " What becomes of all the promising men P" asks a character in one of Pinero's plays. We know—they go in for politics. k WKLI.-KNIJ1VK Australian poet, whose works are shortly to be published, once had an agreeable experience with one of his admirers. The man, a tiiant in frame, was a stranger to the bard, whom he ran across odo night iu a suburban pub. As toon as he learned the identity of the wan of letters he became very friendly, and insistsd on shouting. Une drink led sn to another, and at the fiiish the stranger guided the poet home. O.i the way talk fell upon the vicissitudes and impeeuaiosity of writers. The stranger was sincerely sympathetic ; how much so was proved later on, when the versifier was scraping up a pipeful. He then di;cjvered a five-pound note which had been slipped quietly into his pocket by his unknown friend. SrwoHT it/'sks Syme has oome to an end, Mr. Spsight having formally anQoiioeed his abandonment of the struggle. The case was aptly nicknuined " Space i-ci- shk Time," but space has gracefully retired outof respect for old J jc, presumably. PnovuiETOii Bontthon, of the S. A. Advcrthcr, and lfinlayson aud Thomas, owners of the Opposition llf jisier, were junior reporting colleagues in early life. The trio'are still the firmestof friends, although their papers do bite each other pretty hard as politics warrant. Ei'igimji-vatic SHiKwisagainin town, looking ruddy and much stronger thanjbe has for a long !ime*pa!t. Mr. Shiels has been rusticating in the depths of South Australia, and manufacturing epigrams for use during: the session in the company of bsckblock rabbits and pensive emus. He feels as St as a fiddlo. Marshall Lyle has never quite recovered from the effects of the operataou he underwent souie months back, which accounts for his lapse into scmi obscurity. He is shortly going to South Sea Islands to recruit his health, and the other week had a long talk on the subject with Ljuis Becke, who put him on to soma of the good things." Pnemish Foiirkst is bent on providing the Coolgardie fijld with an adequate water supply. He proposes to adopt a scheme for conveying the water from the Dirling llmse, which would cost considerably over £1 .OOO.OUO. Sir John knows there is plenty of British capital available for whatever big tilings" the W.A, Government are prepared to tackle. Dii. L. L Smith has bem- fred very largely by the boom in T&smanian; mining stocks. When be meets a friend he doesn't forget to whisper to thetn to buy, say, Lyell D-iadis Souths. "Now, old man, take uiy tip and buy some at Is. Will see IOj. certain. Mint of money in them." P use if hopes the Doctor's £" lipskeep as buoyant as himself. Mr. J. B. Tucker. M.L.A.—the chosen of South Melbourne—told a Port Melbourne audience the other evening that he was fortunate in having no public past to bold up before them. This unhappy humorist appeared Jo be quite unconscious of the ghastly satire upon himself involved in the statement. If be goes on in this way his friends will, before long, have ample reason to be sorry for themselves. Manager Mathieeon takes up his duties on the first of next mouth : Some say a proper man ie he, A nd £pine declare a Tartar; But one thing's certain—he muBt ba A master or a martyr. William Beach, the ex-sculling champion, is now a prosparous farmer near Lake Iilawarra, New South Wales. Baach gave ,£4003 for the estate he is cultivating. How many ex-champions could do that ? A pub. is usually tbe height of the sport's ambition, when sport no longer offers him big divvies. But Bill Beach had more true grit than a paddoak full of average champions. Wheek's Geake ? The q'lesthin has been much asked concerning the Eudden and mysterious disappearance of the " wanted " lawyer of that name. Slight one reply in tbe words of Hans Breitman, slightly altered ?— " Allgoned afay mitde lager beer, Afay in de owigeake P That seems to be about it. The portrait of Mrs. Brown-Potter on her bicycle in last week's Punch made one's mind fly hack to Shakwpiare instinctively. The iiae brought to mind, very naturally, was that from the first part of King Henry VI., act I., sc. V. " My thoughts are whirled like a Potter's wheel." TUE Bible oath is gradually beim; i U|,erspiieil in the S.A. Assembly. At the swearing-in of the new Parliament seven members made an afliruip.- tion. Chief Jcstioe Wat, of South Australia, is a successful horse-breeder and pastoralisS. Hi,- enemies can say nothing more Severn of biia than that he is " the straight and nirruw Way.' FltANCii-S Saville has captured the jjreat. V.wirt of America, and papers from New York to 'Frisco teem with her praise?, although one ribald or^n does allude to her as " Frances Saveloy." Cai'TAIN Trott tunked the cigar given iiim by the I'cince of Wales, and throw away the butt. George Kipublican Dibbs, whi-n he received a like favour at the hands of H.R.H , saved the iveed and exhibited it triumphantly on his return from Sydney. When his house wus broken into a week or so later, the burglary was thought to he the work of a political enemy trying to lift that cherished cigar. His republicanism practically ended in a smoke." In Adelaide an attempt was made recently to mount the telegraph boys on bikes. .Result: "busted " bikes and broken boys. It is dangerous to attempt to hurry a telegraph messenger; something serious is boupd to happen. The present writer only heard of an E. T. messenger hurrying once, and then he was being chased by an angry cow. The cow caught him in front of a Sturt-st. tobacconist's, and hoisted him through the plate-glass window. The tobacconist (a bookmaker) sent the following note to the local postmaster master dear sir, nine days back I had occasion to make complaint to you of the slowness of the boys in delivering my racing telegrams from Melbourne. In your anxiety to comply with my wishes you have adopted a plan that meets with my entire disapproval. Enclosed please find account for one plate glass window, £15 los. When you next send a messenger my way please employ a less demonstrative animal than a cow to hurry him up." A Caution to Suicides.—District Coroner Candler should henceforth serve as a solemn warning to all prospective suicides. A couple of Sundays ago one Thomas Blandy,a Williauistoirn slaughterman.committed felo de se rather than face the ordeal of an operation for cancer. Next Monday Candler, who presided at tlie inquest, ordered that Blandy's body should be buried within twenty-four hours, between the hours of ti and 12 p m., at the nearest cemetery, and that no fuDi-ral service should he rendered over his grave. Tbe result was that Blandy's friends had to pay £2 Cs. (id. .in the place of 25s. for mortuary fees, the deceased's own ground in another cemetery being, of course, unavailable, and extra chaffs being necessary owing to tbe unholy nature of the botlr prescribed for interment. Briefly put, Blandy's relatives were penalised for Blandy's alleged criminality, and his chances of making a favourable debut in the next world might also hive been jeopardised haa ihe undertakers, iles?re, Jones and Sons, secured the services of a fiiendlj' Church of England minister, who defied the coronial instructions. Obviously, no one concerned was satisfied with Mr. Candler's ultimatum. The public was annoyed, seeing that it is tired of all survivals of M u in bo Jutnlw worship, tbe Obi-man fetish, and trogMjts officialdom; tbe undertakers were madbecau;ea decent funeral cortege (glass coach, etc., etc.) TO not in riquisition ; the church was aggiievedat the coroner's arrogation of its excommunicato; 1 ? privileges; the relatives were frantic over the fclight put on one of their cumber, and tbe increased cost of burial; and lastly, though probably not leastly, the Deity himself \iewed tbe entire prficeedings with any but eulogistic eentimentf, inasmuch as the very next day, wbes driving home, Coroner Candler was thrown from bis trap and left in so .battered and Kruifed a condition that Blandy's ghost has done nothing but laugh exultingly ever since. Vert few people know that the famous Great Boulder, Ivanhoe, and several other big mines ere the outcome of a small £150 syndicate known as the Adelaide Prospecting Paity. Tie shares were £15 each, and the meu wb" took up the 6crip wore Messrs. G. N. Wigg, F. I 1 Hodge. G. P. Doolette, J. A. U. Hamilton, J. JJ. JJ'flrifc W. G. P. Brocksopp,Colin Templeton, II. U H 1 ™' Wilkinson and Harrison and George lirookoso- The latter, with Charles I-Vareeand C. K. deltae. farmed the working party, and when they ban finished their equipment they bad barely w ith which to face their 000-mile journey to Coolgardie. Getting to Han nan's (now Eal?» r ' lie) tbe two pegged out the Great Boulder. Ivanhoe, and about a dozen more leases, an" those areas in tbe short space of three J® 8 ' 3 have a market value of ,£o,4G0,00ii! very few of the originals, however, benefited to anj great extent by the phenomena! development 01 the pMperty. George Brookman and DooleW are the big "pots'* of the ten, for they heW » their shares right throughout, and are said to w millionaires. Many adverse expert rep"™ ; weakened tbe faith of Mr. Colin Tetnpleton I™ 1 ' known in connection with Mr. W. E. Wilson) iu«' venture, and he quitted his holding for --j"' odd. '* A very fair profit for £15," he sayf, no doubt he 16 sorry he didn't see tbe tow through, for that share at least w®"!"..?. ' ] panned him out about a quarter million. For a Bimiiar reason several of the . j picketted a teni!/ profit instead of^ j to see how the mines would turn out. T' 1 '- j tion to the unuing experts n bo dauntn> j syndicate's property was Captain Oj!m. 8 t| with a good deal of W.A. experience. Bis j read : " I have fully examined the GmI Bo'» || Ivanhoe, Great Boulder South, &c.;, '''j^lj ] them wonderful gold-bearing are«f, LjJfl B require development. Phenomenal returns f . he produced." How correct that t-sl iiMBte '"'miB.J is being daily borne out by the fru :*" D £r(fS The phenomenal growth of the Adelaide p ^ . fifteen-pound-note is certainly entitled to is j an Australian record. ,11 IK HKID, of N.S.W., is passionately fond ;(t 1-- a congenial chain in Chief Secretary •' Want. Ancmnii-T), a S.A. Labour member, is student of Macaulay. Before he was his teens Archibald had the " Lays of -,t Home " pretty well off by heart. SHI-'UETAIIY OF LANDS MORKHAM is recogthe Public Service authority on the liovf-minent Act, a measure aboutascomas a Chinese puzzle. .-.KI. JVNITTRI, who has just gone under, was wnor Kibinson's backer in his proposed theatrical venture, "Predatoros " is now remain unhonoured and unsung. ;~THI or AGRICOLTURB TAVEKNKR is gene- '.ionised as the "ladies' man" of the i Ministry. And as a yarn-spinner Foster f.nly uian who can equal him. AN in the cosy back bar of a Collinspnli. asked—"Is this Queen's English?" !ni a ungrammatical lines from the Age. the reply of a brother scribe,'' it's not at all—it is ' Symese.' " I-MK TUCKER, of Adelaide, is the biggest minium guinea-pig in Australia. He is on the UP of nparly 40 mining companies. Given ripnrtinu of successes in his speculations, mps to develop into half-a- millionaire, I extraordinary luck may get the whole IJ.I . .HYMON, South Australia's vitriolic lawyer or.-uiiiL' )n.-t week on mining, recited the experi- I'nf"- "f a Gippsland syndicate. " Ab, you have hrouu'lit tlia samples," remarked the chairman to t.'hh expert- who had reported on the show. " No 1 haven't." was the blunt reply; "that's the whole nf the blooming lode !" EX-TREASURER WARD, Mainland's shattered financial cfinius, is now the gibe of the hidebound Tory press, who pelt him with " He saved others ; hiuiWlf jhc. cannot save." Although the . facts 'may ioofc a bit black against him, his friends feel sur'p be will yet clear himself. He was originally a tnlfiKraph messenger and made his first rise out of a profitable deal in wheat. Oiuwiirv: CYCLIST MARTIN, known as the " iron-jawed jigger,'' the other night explained how In- won his races. " Hsgiunin' the last lap," ll» sairi ' 1 just figger out the prize pounds into a pile ( >innin' dollars, and heap 'ein up at the fini=h <•1. I just kep my lamps on that there pile. ride Iike'n hell, and when the final sprint is •natal f-Kt fancy I'm grippin' that pile. I do qnp M/ that pile." And in cycling o circles Martin has tlif rpputatiotTof" never letting go much of bar self .-'imp pile, lle'6 out to make money, and makes it MIKIST imp isinir I'F.AOOCK, defending his action in wing lessons on State school boys, moralised to a Herald reporter:—" I wish to goo'ltnw I had U-arnt it wben I was a boy, as, presidinif nvor a department of which the Secretary ami Inspector-General are both bachelors, I feel constrained to say that if boys learnt to darn their ficcki and sew on their buttons they would he more independent." Mr. Peacock will get hiiiiiPlf heart,iiy disliked by the sex if he talks lilw this. It is not well tor man to live alone and be independent. If men are to be independent, ' what are we to do - with our sirli:-" hi-i-omos a more knotty problem than «er We suspect our bachelor Minister of being »«Kii't mi-Mgainist.who adopts sinister measures to strike at marriage and the softer sex. He *onl(i remove oven the incentive to matrimony thai huMonlpps shirts and heel-less socks supply liy making .-very man his own darner and stitcher. If it taller nine tailors to make a male adult, ho many of Mr. Peacock's ra»-tf ^"Ittllkl-*-'' to make t,»«l-"~ a min :-1 Kiddie T>.*JJ1„ for C ladies THERE are four baldheads in the S.A. Assembly. All of them are pious, and, what's more, love a high-kicking ballet. M.L.C. SACHHE says he owes his election for the North-eastern Province to the fact that the majority of the voters credited him with being a descendant of an Irish king. He now swears by royalty—letters patent, S.A. CHIEF JUSTICE WAT, as the senior Australian judge, is very much disposed to resent Premier Eeid's suggestion that Judge Windeyer should be elevated to the Privy Council. Way's chief ambition is to gain a seat in the P.C. PREMIER GEORGE TURNER of Victoria, says a New South Wales weekly, lives on a scale of extreme modesty, and does not keep even a hired girl. We are not told that George washes up and cleans the knives. Perhaps our up-north contemporary will enlighten us further. ME. CHARLES GRAY, considered the highestpaid mining superintendent in W.A.—he draws ,£2000 a year from the British Co.—will shortly visit Melbourne. At present he is "doing" Adelaide, where all the bigwigs have banquetted him and Captain Oats. 'FOOTBALL," said the dejected young man eating tobacco in the far corner of the carriage, w " is all bust up, I tell yer; it's bung ! Why, bli'me, here's the blanky season well on an' there ain t been 1 anyone killed yet." " Tv^l, With fapthlo terible ilierrlicf! disgust: " They ain't even lamed a bloomin' humpire !" CI-CIL WARD, of the B. and B. Co, talked of starting as a stock and sbarebroker when the partners parted, but he is still with Brough. I ALWAYS said that Zox was a brick," observed a friend of the white-waistcoated sage, standing before Gordon Coutts' picture of our legislators in Queen's Hall, "and now I know that he must be. Look at his face in that picture. Only a brick could have a red face like that." "And then there's his hat," said another friend. " Yes, that's his tile; Zox is a regular brick and tile in that picture, and I'll tell him so." LAST summer baths were luxuries few could afford at Coolgardie. There they brushed down with a clothes-brush—a make- shift for water. Not so in a river township of Queensland, where Wallie, a bluckfellow, pumped on the banks of the river with pre6piration on his face. One day he indignantly pointed to one of his customers, a son of a clergyman of Scotland, and in contemptuous tones addressing missus, said: "Him very dirty fellow that!" " Why, Wally i Oh, him go get a bath every morning—him a very dirty fellow that!" THAT the barmaid must go is once more asserted by the purists and the teetotallers, and Mr Peacock, who was interviewed with this object in view> ha's jJromjse(j to inquire into the barmaid as an institution, and see if she is as bad as she is painted. The writer, who has met a few in the course of a long literary career, contends that the average barmaid . is not . as bad , t as she , IB painted— J she is so badly painted, as a rule, that she couldn't be. But the teetotallers have done wrong in setting Mr. Peacock this task. He is an impressionable bachelor, and some of the city Hebes are very enticing. He may go to pray, and remain to scoff—long beers. " IT'S not vanity which dictates this spruceness," said the counter-hand of a N.S.W. Savings Bank, holding up his glossy shirt cuffs the other day and displaying the showy links ; " I'm really the creature of my surroundings. Three months ago, you remember what I was ? Well, an old woman from Banagber, perhaps, came in with a stocking in herbosom.and while she dragged it out she kept eyeing all of me visible above the counter. I was negligent, I confess, and my old office coat showed rents. What happened ? After eyeing me, she calmly put the stocking back and walked out. One of our bosses noted the transaction, and interviewed her a minute later. Hence the rule now posted in our hats —" With millionaire customers, drsss as you please; with customers of a few pounds, dress as if you had just emerged from a bandbox." THERE is something to be said for Mr. Peacock's educational policy of teaching the State school boys how to use their needles. Girls are invading the sphere of the male more and more every day. One does not know what they will do next. It may soon be considered a sign of the inferiority of woman to sew on a button or darn a sock, and what will poor man do then if he can't 6ew on his own buttons and darn bis own Eocks ? Mr. Peacock reads the signs of the times. He sees the way things are drifting. No doubt he"wilTgo further as he sees the growing need of it and we shall have cookery classes for the State school boys, followed by washing drill and mangling exercises. Arithmetic may then be supplanted by lessons in starching and ironing, and geography by instruction in bed-making and " waehi lg-up " When every State schoolboy is a competent housemaid, and every State school girl is a bicycliste, a footballer, a boxer, inequality of the sexes will be " t'other side up," and the men will be agitating for the franchise, which the women will refuEe to give to them ! "THE session," says the Argus in its leader forecasting the Queen's speech, " is to open like a lamb, however it ends." It is a pity we are not told how a lamb docs open. But in the ordinary course a session tnat opens "like a lamb" should end like a sheep. That is usually what happens to lambs unless they are butchered. Will that happen to this Parliament ? Well, we shall see. Meanwhile it is significant that the letters M.S. stand for two things—mint sauce an(l Murray Smith. Howr.VF.it caine Gordon Coutts in his picture of Parliament to represent Prenaergast with a yellow necktie ? As a Home liuler and a Catholic the memberfor North Melbourne would no more sport a yellow tie than he would preside over an Orange Lodge, 'i he dressing of the members in the picture is altogether curious. Fully one-half of them are wearing clothes uiat clearly were cut off precisely the same roll of cloth. They are of identical colour. Someone said that Gurr had bribed the artist to put all these members in Geelong cloth of this blueygrey tint. " Ah, I know that cloth," said another member ; " you wait till it has time to fade in the sun, Bnd then see how they all look." A BIT of Latin is supposed tobs an adornment to conversation. A witness before the Life Insurance Board the other day evidently regarded it in that light. He was being asked concerning some lapsed policies in the society he represented. He wanted to say that they had been allowed to expire and commence again fresh. " Yes," said he," they lapsed and commenced again sine meant ^ reminds one of the story told by M. Anatole ranee, the French author, about Schmoll, the wit and member of the Academy. He met Marmet, another man of distinction in Paris, and held out his hand to him. "Sir," replied Marmet, "I do not know you." " What," exclaimed Schmol, " do you take ma for a Latin quotation ?" MINISTER TAVF.RSER is a great theatregoer. We suspect him of a secret yearning to run a show of his own. He would probably supply only burlesque, with heaps of legs, WE have what may appear a small grievancs, but to many busy men it is a grievous one. What is the trouble ? It is the constant delay experienced by the clients of two banks, which were never under the necessity of reconstructing, and thereby a large amount of extra business lias been thrown into their bands. The result of this extra work is great delay and inconvenience to customers. The banks in question in order to pay dividends and meet the heavy amount due on their deposits are obliged to employ boy clerks. These boy6 either have too much to do or look upon the public as their servants. What is the result ? Clients who require cheques to marked for payment have to wait many minutes before their cheques are marked, and ev6n when thev receive them the boy clerk l . . I . _ . „., looks down upon the unfortunate presenter of the cheque as if he was 6ome miserable outsider upon whom a favour was being granted. Wo do not at this present moment name the two banks most in disfavour in the matter referred to, but if business arrangements are iiot improved wo shall not hesitate to do so. Greater promptitude is also necessary in connection with the paying and receiving tellers; they appear to be overweighted in their duties. CLEMENTS' TONIC HAS STOOD THE TEST OF TIME. IS NOT A QUACK NOSTRUM, BUT A KELIA11LE PHARMACEUTICAL PH.EPAKATION. POSITIVELY CURES INDIGESTION, NEURALGIA, WEAKNESS, GENERAL DEBILITY, LIVER AND KIDNEY COMPLAIVrS. READ THIS CASE. Mr. G. T. Winterbottom. Exchange Hotel, Gawler, S.A.., who writes on ISth April, 1893:—"Over thirty years since I was coach-driving in Victoria for Cobb and Co., and consequently was exposed to all changes of weather. Then it was that the germs of the complaint from which I afterwards suffered were infused into my system. Some years after giving up coaching I was seized with and suffered most terribly from rheumatic fever; no matter what remedy I tried or what doctors I consulted there was absolutely no relief of any duration to be obtained. Some six months since I commenced a course of Clements' Tonic, and now it id very seldom that I have any pains, and never fever. I am well- known here, and numbers of my relatives and friends are aware of the above facts,—lam. Sir,yours truly, G. T. Winterbottom, Exchange Hotel, Gawler, S.A." UciPiN-c, a Ion- article in tbe Agr in laudation of «mokinK and smokers, we arewmipdedthat Mr. Jjavid Syiua is the proprietor of a tobacco farm in the North-cast , .. , Aiiosti the letters of introduction given by t (Jovernor li.-asso.v to Labour Leader Trcuwith was a cordially worded one addressed to the Prince of Walus. Tne chances are that the Richmond let will return a liuight. Aoent-Gkn ek m. Gh.uk, has just been elected lo the London Junior United Service Club w uch has U,o reputation of being 1 « Mbtution of its kind in town. Its members are nearly all bachelors or grass-widowers of various ,,es and experiences from green to grey and from gay to grave, Wai-i.a.-k lliimvsLOK had a iittle experience of station lite in Oueensland during his Australian tour and was twice thrown by a pig-jumper, " Why dou't you stick to the saddle?'' asked the ownor of the horse. " Certainly, old man; much nbli"ed Will you take it off the brute for me ?" replied Wallace. While there is talk of a public memorial to fieorge lliginbotham it is interesting to recall his personally-expressed sentiments on the subi«-t to l>r. llanmngton Caffyn. " I would rather not. bi' remembered," he said, "if it wili be necessarv to keep mi in mind by means of a picture or statue. If the influence of a man's work does not survive him, a mere monument is meaningless." Tut He v. II Bryant, of Burwood, Sydney, a High I hureh Vicar! invites the male members of his"con^resation to smoke nights, and has become notorious in consequence. Where, we might ask, do the fouiale members of the congregation come Hir Does Mrs. Bryant entertain them with strong green tea and a little harmless, necessary B.'and«l> It is possible that the llav. Bryant may e*rry his liberality to the extent of allowing a mild cigarette or two to tbe ladies also. If smoking is good for the gander, why not for the goose r" It it is good for Bryant, wby not for May ? K^ally, siuokin is an excellent thing for loth Brvant and Slay. lii iiVAKi) Kh'LInu has fallen out, with l'-is brother- in-law over money matters,and the result is rather hum jrous. Kudyards brother-in-law is a big American, and he give tbe creator of J1u1vku»v the choice of apologising or being li.-U'd. and Kipling (who wrote " His Private Honour ") accepted neither, but had the other 1,-liow up before the court and bound over to keep lilt; peace. Killing should have read his la6t • poem to his enraged relation. Wo 111*111 Et Dona Keratites,'-' in which he (ti'Ii'iivoiirs to show that if trouble is about the Kiglislimin is particularly dangerous wben he l,ir.:om"5 polite. He has seen all kinds of ruction.-., among.-1 all , kinds -T of , men. , earn and "Celt, and sava," buff and ochre, cream and yelio" - , luau .eand white, But it nevel really mattered till tbe English grew polite." li-i.l Ii' jfh-.ud reid ibis " pome to his brotherin-law, and thr-L addressed him politely, he might have scared i.im into a fit. This is tbe last verse of " lit l>.ma Kereuies " : — •• Build on the jUnks of Ktna, where the fleecy smoke pulls float, Go bathe in tropic waters, where the lean fia tags the boat, Cock the guu that is not loaded, cook the frozen dynamite ; But oh, beware my country grows polite." wlinn HIT cniinfrv J " ' Two learned gentlemen at the tar much diversion among the brethren of Temple Court and Selbourne Chambers about lieir disputes as to the ownergj. of £ wj The Btory of ^ ^ ^ baB been to]d. Thiswiggy dispole was a comedy, but, apropos, one is reminded of awig quarrel Mack- ^ ™ m 0 U e a*tor, was the . another actor culprit, ana ano. ^"Vlc^n wTto play a pa.rt in which he wanted a Bt0ck wig which HaUam was wearing. have as much right to it as you," said Hailam. " You are a seoundrel," answered Macklin, and he took up a Btick and lunged at the other. The stick went into bis left eye and killed ^im. Macklin was found gUiity of manslaughter, but his pUtlj3huient was not expaacicA the court looking unon ca3si ve, the court looking upon it as an accident. Tbe curious tiling is—bearing in mind the Temple Court wig-war—that tbe account of tne incident (see Life of Macklin, p. 2S) relates how, when Hallim's eye rolled out, " young Mr. Cibber came in and immediately sent for Mr. Coldham, the surgeon." Wasn't; there a __ Mr. g^am"for" whom'tbe two „ learn6d friendB.. o£ Temple Court could have sent—to act as bottle - holder, let us In a certain up-country town the local grocer is also an M.L.A., and in the intervals of his Parliamentary and grocery duties runs a cottonwool mill. He has a great reputation for sharpness, but one day he was outwitted. A woman went into his shop and asked for a dozen eggs. " 1 want Spanish hens'eggs," sfce aided. "Can you recognise them?" asked the grocer, "for I cannot." "Oh, yes." said she, and went to the box and picked out the largcel she could find. Colonel Gehau, Smith,Governor of Westralia, was 0Dce groom-in-wa,t,ng to the Queen. South Aust«alia's new millionaire, Da Rose, the Boulder magnate, was originally a real estate agent in Adelaide. n.f candidate fnr the VRf committee ,1' J ;„ „. ' ' fuim'.iit „„f „f d recently ^ on i-W.OOO profit out of some .A. mining transactions. Several Adelaide fsharebrokers are reputed to have already cleared from £10 000 to £00,000 out of the W. A. boom. And they hope to do better. A S. A. clergyman has been sermonising: *Dj angels ride bicycles and wear bloomers?" Punch's best young man hasn't been near enough to tell IVji bear much from time to time of the profits made by successful authors, and of their protests against the rapacity of publishers, but nit so much fuss is made about the profits of successful song-writers. Tet they would appear to be equally great. A representative of one of the great firms of London music • publishers, who was in Melbourne a few weeks ago, assured a local music- seller, in conversation, that shortly before he left England a cheque had been sent to Sir Arthttr Sullivan on account of his royalties on the" LostChord." This cheque broucrht Sir Arthur's proceeds from this one sono- up to date to over £10 000" What is the value the savins "Sold for a •e son/" aafter this P It ' t . M,r lD1Si " figures out at about £i0 per note of melody. On the other hand, tbe same well-iDformed authority stated that the publishers of Stephen Adams' " Holy City " had scooped in thousands out . of tbe sale of tbe piece, not having any Royalty to pay. They bought the song right out from the composer for £250, and have made J t'raea.^tbat amount in profit out of it. Ti It tempts one to turn songwriter ! A great deal is being said in these days about tbe Queensland , tick pest, - and many people appear to be under the impression that it ls the exclusive curse of the northern colony. This, however, is a sad misapprehension, It has existed in Victoria for years—morepirticularlysince the boom. In this colony, however, we call it the " credit system "! HER ILLOGICAL CONCLUSION. -Where are you g.ing, my dear?" asked Mr. Buxholm mildly, p mug over his paper at his handsome wife. Mrs. Buxholm p'.nched her Bkirt at the side, pinchcd it at the bick, pulled it aud patted it here and there, and then removed tbe bairpin from her moulh) ftnd oceeded t0 button ber gJove. Mrs. e R always used a hairpin to button her gloves becauee she had about five dozin button hooks. '' To spot aud Corset s, Bhe replied, deliberately. 1 mean _to have a pleasant Monday afternoon, shopping.' Mr. Buxholm paled visibly, and put down his newspaper. He was evidently much perturbed. "Ah, I believe they have mostly, ah, male employes at Spat and Corset's, eh, my love? "Mostly men, X believe." roInd " Hem, yes. Young men, iny love, nice-looking young men who are preternaturally smug and part their hair deftly in the dead centre ;* men who are singularly attractive, and often lax in their ideas of Bexual morality.' Madame, I caunot allow it!" "Allow which, William ?'' Mrs. Buxholm e garded her lord and master with profound rmazement. "Allow you to associate with 'men who are singularly attractive, and often lax in their ideas ot sexual molality.' " " But wh&t; y ou koow »hout the morality of Spot aud Corset's employe T "Madame, I have no proof that they are not attractive, and I take it for granted that their ideas of eexu&1 reo l ' alll are la '>' x You see wllat the ' r Chief Justice says in the case of Richardson rcisus ,,, . r 7 ,., "Bother the Chief Justice I' " Certainly, my dear ; the lawyers are always t°. ia but B l t at 18 a °u r ' hvdul to , K^ardson v R' chardson He e ' a a lhst n0 nlttu r should allow his wlfe g0 ln t ?, lbe presence of attractive men of lax raorali t y- Poetically he asserts that no man i s Mtlfied ln i allowing hie wife out of his sight for rifiepn fifteen minnt.es. minutes. " Oh ! don't I wish I were MrE. Chief Justice !" " My dear, he«vould quite deserve it." Mrs. Buxholm was gettiog angry ; she had split her glove, and her complexion was much higher than she usually wore it on bright days. "Perhips, Mr. Buxholm," she said, with the accent on the mister, " you would like to put a ring through my nsse, aud lead me about on a pole, like a performing bear I" .. Not half a bld ideli Jane., (JIt. i5uxi10i,n i00ked thoughtful); "but the Chief Justice does not suggest it. It is perhaps hardly necessary." JJra. Buxholm knocked her skirt into shape agiin spitefully. "I am going to Spot and Corset's, sir, whether you lik'3 it or no 1" " Then, my love, I must do my duty according to tbe law—or the lawyer—and go with you." Mrs. Buxholm turned and bjunced out, Mr. Huxhoim £oUowed lier. Mrs. B. wore the'frock and cloak and bat that her lady friends all detestedvhjnga in which she was usually soulfully soraphiciny happy—but happiness was far from ber just now. Mr. B. wore his oldest dresBing-gown, an abandoned garment that he obstinately refused to abundon, in which his cigais had burnt many holes, aDd ana on whieh wmon there mere were traces of oi the tne whiskey wmsKey and ana sodas of past times—the spirit of other days. ' He " had on a pair of deplorable, crewel worked slippers £ - W j ^ ^ . f f l W ^ i r S I "w he n,eLt to be as good as his word, and she turncl and went hick, holding her head high, the picture of bristling indignation. Mrs. IS. emered the house, and sat down in her favourite easy corner, a thing she never did when in her ngru min(j because that cosy comer was a spectacular feot'mere!y and resented being sat upon. M, 11. took a chair. .. yerj, Well, Mr. Buxholn," said his wife, with great ferocity, "as you insist upon it 1 will ™t untii you haVt, made yourself look a little less lite a converted Pawnee Chief, and you cm take me fcr tjle hand, and mount guard whilst 1 make my purchases"—Mr. B. arose -" but, remember, that LAW of the Chief Justice's works both wajs-sauce for the goose is sauce for the other gender. Well, this, m future I shall take care tliut yon do not enjoy the society of attractive persons not unfrequeutly lax in their ideas of sexua.1 morality without my watchful eye being ever over you.' Bnxhoim sat down, " No more club for you, sir, unless your wile accompanies you, If I caunot get in 1 will stand on the door-mat and scream. The Cliiel Justice has taught me my = ^ duly ^ towards a weak u'id wicked mall who is rather fond of the society of uttractin; persons often lax in their ideas of sexual morality, But—but, my dear I" «. jn the future, sir, when you wish to .Irink »l« hotel bar, under the eve of an attractive Hebe,who ;s a standing advertisement for Judsons' dyes, 1 will accompany you. The Chief J us .ice is <|uite ght, I h<ive not looked after you us a wife should, but from this lime forward you shall wit so u»- protected, trust me!" " My dear Jane !'' Buxholm was looking suriM and waved hie hand feebly. .. No more Weitinf, musi0.halls ' on ;,.mi },ou v„)gar)y cai, it; no more nightv out «"» lastly and Looser; no more little cui.l P»™* No, sir, unless 1 am with you. Trust ir.e to ooi« that a wife may do to keep her cviMitposcd h«" u.-js-.i -..J =„ I list »ben band in the straight and narrow way, so tliat »'" 3 I want a divorce, as I probably will year's out, the Chief Justice will bs a io'reasoiiabTe"obj 1 ct'ions. " My love," said Uusholm, meekly, opening watch, " won't nuu ^UU you be US la*e for IUI Spot UJJVU and l^rse" ..] you don'c . . . hurry? And, . . Jaoe, - it you wouM m liw lite little cheque for a new bat or anything l' ke ' say the word." „ , ,r,i Five minutes Uter Mrs. B. satfed oil to S))»i» cu Cjrset'a alone, but (he cheque went with " er - , Mr. B. took up his paper again, with a £ 1 e 'gh. , • "I don't know about the law being/a 11 " then he said, " but I have my own private opin"™ the lawyers." jbpf"" i, be discussing politics with some RokewooaFJt j the other day, and he tells that one ' j Trt j in advocating the imposition of a h&u; j declared for a general division of P r0 L,'j j " Very good," drawled tbe local blacksmith • maybe „ „ you could tell me how much that ^ , he each ?" " Something like ilW it«lj jaunty j»uui,y answer. »ue,»»ei. The i nt blacksmith was • jj^jinj once. "Only — ' £100! Well, I'm a—-— j » you, for I have .£150 all to my6elf. 