New Wesley an Church, Largs. I LAYING MEMORIAL STONES. The members of the Weeleyan deaominatioa at hurtfe are busily engaged in tno erection of a brick cliurch to take the place of the old wooden structure that bad pasEed its time of usefuluees, and was b/irdly a prot;eiion from the iveucber, if not uotuiilly iingeroUB. Yftterday the village was en fete, till jccauioa beiag tlm placing in position of tbe memo rial stonei in the front of the building by Mr. and Mra. William Arnott, of Newcastle. The old church has been, removed and the new structure in being Breced on the old site, i/i High-street, Lar^s. -Tne wtlls are alieidy half-way up, aud now the cere mony hss taken place work will be proceeded with with increased vigour. The n eft building is of brick on a concrete foun dation The ground in the vicinity is of a clayey formation, and there are three rods with anchor plateB built into tbe cement ncroBS the buildinu:, and another tbe full length. This is a device of the contractor, Mr. William King, and (or the purpose of preventing the sprettd of the structure at any time by the city shrinking. 'L'he buildiag will be -10 feet long by 21 wide insidu measurement, and tbe floor from 2t't. Gin. to 3ft. above the level of the ground. A platform 8 feet wide runs across the full width of the back. The walls from the floor to the piates are to be 12 feet ni({h, they are of 11 inch work with the cavity of 2 inches in the centre to prevent dampness striking through, and are supported On tne outside with fine buttteases of solid work, and ir ou bunds bedded in the walls add further strength. Oo either side there are four i;othic shaped windows 6 by 2 feet, which will be filled with cathedral glnsb, with a border of tinted glass. Tho ceidug will bo of Qun nedah pine, and carried under ' the rafters and across the collar tie, giving a height of 17 feet 0 inches. The structure will show a. gable to the fionr, rising a height of feet to the apex of tho rnof. The doorway will be in the centre, closed, with double doors, having ou either . side a lancet shaped window 8ft. Gin. by 2 feet. Underneath these will bo the memorial stones. The doorway will have cement mouUiii^s, Above it will be a squire cement dressing engraved -»ith the name of the building nnd the year of its eroetion, while higher up there will be a circular opening for.ven tilatiou filled with galvatuaed iron louvre, and the gable will be completed with ornamental barge boards nnd spandrils. The windows will be finished with cement hoods, and the weatherings of the buttresses will be surmounted with tho same, and the walls to the height of the floor will be similarly treated. Tbe floor is of T. and G. hardwood dresaed. A galvanised iron roof will be finished with gutter ing and down pipes. The door will be approached by two stone stops in front, wlrle three will be placed to the door at tho rear, where at any future timo it veatry may be added. Tho contract price for tho building in iJ201, the committee supplying the flooring boardj at a cost of J&6, which brings tho total to £270. . When fitted up for service tue cost is expected to reach jCIOO. Tho architect for the buiioing is Mr. J. Warren Scobie, and tho con tractor Mr. Willitim King. ' A string of flags suspended tho width of the building from the scaffold poles denoted that some ceremony was to take place. A platform had been eivcted in front of the rafters, at a aulllcii.nt height to perform the ceremony with ease, and on it was 1 placed Boats for the choir and spealcors. There were present on tho platform— Air. and Mrs. Arnott, the Revs. W. H. Beale, Chairman of tho district, Newo.ntlo; B. Lane, East Maitland, super. nteudeut of tho circuit j Joseph Hopkins, Moipnth} and W. Hill, West Maitland, TheRpv, 0\. Jones, Superintendent of tho West Maitland Circuit., though not present at the laying of tho stone attended and took part in the later proceed ings. Others present on tho platform were — MtisnrB. Edwnrd.King, Thomas Princo, Mrs. Lane, as well an the choir. Mis, Stooks presided at the harinooium. Proceedings were commenced with tbe singing of tho hymn, 'Thou who hast in Zion laid,' after whioh the lie v. J. JIopkinB lod in prayer. '? My heart ana voice I raise,' was then mng, after wliicli the Rov. ,B Lane road Psalm Ixxxiv. aiid_ ICzra iii., whioh was followed by the hymn, 'This stone to tbeo iu faith ive lay.' The Rev. Mr. Lane explained that under tho stones would be placed the bottles proiuced, each of, which contained a copy of InBt week's Methodist, one. a copy of the Daily and the other ono of tho Weekly Mercury, a copy of tbe circuit plan, and a oopy of tho roilowing document : — i ' Thin memorial Btono was Inld by William Arnott, oUtity field, NewouBlletor Mrs. William Arnott), on Friday, May 8th, ISBtf, in tlte Mill .year ol the re lan ol Uer Jlpjesty Qiiaen Vlolnrln, IiIh Hxoullenoy tho Itlvlit lion. Lord Ilmnndon Lclns Uiiveriior ol'tlio colony, Iho Itcv. « , G. Tuylor President ol the Conference, tlio uev. W. XI Rogers Seoretnry of tlio Conlerunee, tin; Kov. Jab. Woolnouuh General xcorotary ol the ClnirohtiUBtentaUunuiidKxlonBlou Soolety.'theKuv G. Drown, D.D., Geiifrnl Seoretnry ol Foreign A1 isefons. tlmltev W'. II. lieulo Olnilrinuu of tile dlntrlot,' tho ltev. Uenjamln Ijtitio minister ol' tho olroult, and McssBm. It. I'arr and Uabex WortioyB olroult ptowurdn Trustees; John itowdon, John Vldler, Wllllum ICIiir, TliomiiB Prltioe, Charles Cummins, hotiort Dolt, Edmuuil K Llghtloot, George Suter, OeorRo Prlnoo, George TIiob wallor, William Kemp, William S. Collaret, Perolval W, .G. King, und Abraham Golby, Arolil test J. warren Soobie, oontraotor Wllllnm JChig. Mr. Lane then said on buhalf of the Trustees of tho church thoro it gave him very grout pleasure to: preBont tho trowol and mallet he hud in his hand to Mr, and Mrs, William Arnott, who lud been ohosen by tho TrusteoB to perform this important' duty. Ho need not say it gave him very groat pleasure to, welcome him to that place. They wore old friends1 of his, and worthy of anything thoy oould give thorn. Mr. Arnott bad been engaged for ,m»ny yoarB in helping on tho work of God in many ways, not only in that district, but in tho oolonv gene rally. The trowel bore the following inscription i ' Prosentod to Mr. and Mrs. Arnott oh the oooaslon of laying tho memorial stono of tho Woaloyftn Ohnrch, Largs, May 8j!i, 1800.' He h*d groat ploasuro in prosonting thom, and In asking thom to lay tho htonos in the usual way. (Applauso.) Tho trowol was a handsomoly chased silver ono, with bono handle, and tho mallot of polished wood. Thoy onmo from tho establishment, of Mr. John Hart, WeBt Maitland. Tho motnorinl Htonoa are bloolts of froeBtono. They nro to bu butlt in tho front wall untlor tho windowH on eithor side of tho door. Carved in thom in gilt lottors aro tho worde— 'This momoriat stono was laid by William Arnott [or Mrs, William Arnott] in tho namo of tho Triuno God, May 8th, 1800.' Tho one assigned to Mrs. Arnott wbb laid first, That lady, having spread some mortar and tapped the ntono when it was lowered in its plnao, said i—' I deolaro tills atone woll and truly laid, in tho name of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Tho sarao aoromony was gcho through with tho other, Mr. Arnott duolnrlng his laid ' in tho namo of our. Triune God,' Mr, Arnott thon said it afforded him very much plqasuro to bo thero nooompnniod by hia wlfo at the reqiiust of tho trustees of tho ohurob to lay tho momorial atones of that ohuroh, It always afforded him inuoh ploasuro to do anything at all in oonntotion with tho building of a ohuroh, if only giving his mito towards it. Thoy must novor Iobo sight of tho fnot that that waB tho house o£ God. It was not only a Wosloyan Ohuroh, but a houso givon to God. It wnB built for God, aud givon to God. Ho always folb it wns a good sign whon tho foundation stono of a ohuroh wna laid—it was n good.omon. It wna an aoknowliDflgtnonti of thoir duty to God, to whom they would one, day havo to giro nn aooount. Ho trusted thai) h hat ohuroh would bo a bl&minpr; to tho locality i ho 4k plaoo whoro many would find salvation | and whoro thoso who had already sot their faonn XlonwiUKdft would bo built up in tho faith. Old OhrlstiffiiB naodod to bo onoouragod in their faith, Thoy ttoodod tho broad of life to aotitlnuo in tho right) way, Lot it bo ithoira to ootno to that houso rojoioing nnd got thai) unoouragprnont, Yea, 14,'oy would tltnro doin»f,lmoH got a lift hoavonwnrda tin it thoy oould not got atiy wnui'u oise. j.u was no UdA giving wny co uronnio. '('liny all had oxporlonood n groat deal of ib lately — -rloh as woll tiB poor, Wh at bot.tnr plaoo oould they go to in thoir troublo tlit'U tho housn of God, If thoy wlflhnd thoir ohildron fct follow thom, thoy must show thom nn oxainplo, Ilia exnerionoo had shown him that whoroveir a fatln'r and mother had I lod thoir ohildron in their ourly d.ayo in tho right! way thoy had invariably proaporod1 in thia world,' Thoy inay not havo roooivod worldly advanoooiont, huh gob that panao nnd happlanttn of n,\1nd that wan boyond all oarthly rlohoo, Ho trun^od that it would bo a living ohuroh— havo spiritual' members. Thoy should give hoartfolt gratitudn to Gv'»d. ' God Ih a Bpirit; and thoy that worship Him m oot wor ihip lilin in nplrlt and in truth.' Ho trust, id thoy iVou!d bring thoir ohildron to tho ohuroh, IiTo wan n'otid to uolong to it, Ho did not think, any ihtuvih wan doing moro to ovangoliso tho world nr God, nnd to do good for mon at tho irosoub timo. AH his family oxaopb ono belonged to tbe church, and that one was working in the Salvation Army. He referred to old memories ho had of Largs and the old church thirty-two years ago. He felt sure they would find a pure gospel preached there. In all their churjhea the ministers were expected to preach tbe gospel and did so. He concluded by expreBB ing tbe hope that many souls would be born there. (Applause). The company were then invited to Jay their contributions on the stones, which was cheerfully responded to, and in a short time about .£36 was so contributed, including X15 from Mr, nnd Mrs, Arnott. Hymn r ' Oh, for » thousand tongues to sing,' The Kev. W. H. Bbale said how pleased he was to be there and to tako part in that service, of lay ing the memorial stones of a newr church to take the place of tho old one. No ono could say they had commenced to build before it was necessary, or who would regret the razing of the old church. If thoy had put up with sucb a Iioubb for themselves as long as they had with that house of God they must be in a poor way some of them. However, it was better late than never. Ho did not wonder why Mr. Lane read that chapter of Ezra. Some of them who remembered the building or tho old place, might have had the cockles of their hearts stirred and bo given to weep. But it would not be from the same cause as the Jews of old. They wept when they remembered the splendid temple, and of thair pre sent weakness in attempting to raise another with the sword in ono hand and the trowel in tho other. It wculd take a lot of pathos to make them weep for the old place, which did duty and was called the church of the Lord's people. He remembered it'20 years ago, and was afraid of it then. But putting aside the jocular their thoughts were trans figured with feelings for that old church. There was anotbor aspect of theoase. There were those in the everliiBting temple, and who were worshipping before the jasper throne, whose feet were kept in the right way by that old church. Old veterans had knelt nnd sung and prayed in that old church. Ho trusted their hearts would be as simple and devout as those who had worshipped in the old building. Ho remembered tho great people they had there— the Kings, and Princes, and Bishops he had never prenched to such a titled aristocracy before— (laughter.) Tho succession he found still kept ? up : instead of the fathers came the children. He had also met descendants of the people from there on the northern rivers. The old church had been long a testimony for tho truth, a torch to men, a witness for God. A church was a rebuke to men. Ho understood tho church had ^een built thero in 1860, and one. could not help comparing things thon with now. What leaps the country had taken. Sydney had then only a population as numerous as some of the suburbs had now. Ho did not think thero was moro than » 80,000 people there in that day, and thero was now over a quarter of a million, nearer half a million. Then look 'at the strides settlement bad taken — railways had been ! extended west, north, nnd south. They had pierced thy country and opened avenues of trade, and settlement had gone on, That colony had then only a coast lino of settlement, nnd now cities ond towns had risen up. Then look at their own churoh. Ho mentioned the eminent names connected about that timo in the West Maitland circuit. There was Benjamin Chapman, John Watsford, Mr. Oram.and Mr. Wilkinson, Thoso mon were doing tho work around tho district thon. At that timo they had in this colony 20 circuits, now thero wore 110. There were 101 ohurchea thon, now thoy had dlG. Then tho othor preaohing places numbered 123, to-day thoy had 481, Then thoy had 35 circuits, now 135. Tho local preachers numbered 157, now thoy had 627, and he paid a high tribute to tho memory of thoir local preaohers : the Methodist Church, ho. said, would not have attained tho posi tion she occupied to-day but for the labours of tho local preachers. Tho class meetings were then 215, now they numbered 817, an advance not at ail in tho ratio of tho other figures. Tho members thon numbered 8710, now thoy were 11,807. Thoy then conducted 106 sabbath schools j to-day they had 302, Tho scholars then numbered 7043, to-doy thoy had 30,802. Then they hnd 20,728 ndhorcnts, ? to-dny thoro woro 83,040. ( Applause), He pointed that thoy had a heritage that tboy should be proud of, and that the mission of the ohuroh now as always was the spreading of scrip tural holiness throughout tho land. It stood as 'a protest against that Rationalism which was so general in tho country ; and on the other, againet 'that Ritualism whioh had oarned tho contempt of all intelligent people ; and was an expression of Evangelical doctrine, which it held up as a light to the people. While tho building wns not an elaborate ono fr«m an ajsthetic point of view, it represented the unseen. Their spiritual lifo becomos transfigured nnd ennobled j things were touohod with n most vitalising influ onco. Thoy might do without . anything better than they could without the interests that wero to play within and around that ohuroh, Re ferring to the .dootrinns that would bo taught, ho pointed out that tho trustees were tho guardians, and would see that thoy did nothing without thoy bold forth Evangelical dootrino,.and though tho dopth of human sin and sorrow would bo referred to, it would bo but to show the groat boneilb of God , nnd to hold forth tho Saviour as the ono and only means of access to tho Father. Miss Cummins thon stepped forward, and ad dressing Mra. Arnott, said, ' Dear madam, I have much pleasure in prosonting you with thia bouquet on bohalf of the Lnrgs Wealoyan Sabbath Soh.ool,' Atthe snmo timo handing to Mrs, Arnott a very handsomely nrrnngod bouquet, tho handiwork of Mrs, Winter, of Wonb Maitland; and Mr,' Arnott was liandod a pretty button-holo. Mr, Arnotit said on behalf of Mrs. Arnott ho thankod them most heartily for tho linndsomo bouquet. Mrs, Arnott would troaauro it na long na it lasted nnd when she lookod upon it would romombor Largs— [Mrs. Aunott i A groat doal longnr] — nnd would alwnye romomber thoir Icind oppressions towards liar. Ho trusted' that tho Sunday Saliool children would aasatnble to sing thoro and to rojoioe in Jesua Christ aa thoir Saviour, Tho proooedings olosod with tho singing of the hymn ' Josub whoso name high ovor all,' nnd tho pronouncing of tho bonodifction by tho Rev, W. Hill. 