Cricket Motes. The willow wielders got fairly going last Saturday, £ood seores among the Juniors fitly marking the opening of the season down Seuth. Ernie Free, the Bokeby champion, knocked np 111 against St. Josephs, ana has thus set bahmsB a bisr main to unset. Bokeby, thanks to Free, totalled 181 be fore being disposed of. A. Ouipmau 17 and Haum 18 wore the other double figuren. St. Josephs hare yet to make a start with their first innings. Last season's premiers, West Hobart, also opened with a goad score, vir,., 142, against Endearor. The best part of this total was contributed by four men. Jack Crump got 62; Trappes 83, Cleary 16, and Fisher a baker's dozen. ThoBerotn are a reliable quartette. Endeavor batted in u fading light and went down liko water betore West's trundle™. At tbe call of time five trickebt were down fur 13 runs. Sandy Bay hadn't a ghost of a show with Union Jack. The latter are stronger than erer this season, end wiUmnke things hum for the premitrship. The Bariles feebly compiled 17 against the Jack's deadly bowling, P«,ton eix for S and Milter four for 7 trlls its tale. Union Jack scored 163 for six wickets. Toung Creswoll, wbo promises to develop into one of tbe best bats araons; the J union, headed the 'list with 61, J. BichardBon 61, Abel 20' and Hanson 18 coming next. The Vets r. Kids resulted in the down fall ef the old 'uns. Tom Kendall figured as highest scorei for the losers iritb IB. Vets all out for 62. The captain, J. G. Daries, who once had pretcnt.one to enter the arsna against the English Eleven, oouldn't play the youngsten' bowling and retired with 1 to his credit. A duck egg was Urqukart's contribution to the total. However, the Ztehan cheat nut nud.) np for it as wicket koeper. He's verj good on the stump— and behind 'em. Col. Cox hit together tlio respectable total of 18, and plsyefi an all round good The yonng 'uns proved themselves to be a rerr healthy combination. Only two of them were clean bowled, and these by Tom Kendsll. 68 was tbe total. Taylor, Eoberts and Hawson, a redoubt able trio, trundled unerringly. Just peruse the analysis, Taylor six for 29, Roberts twe for 20, and Hawson two for nil. As a matter of education these matches won't be pf such incalculable benefit as many people osBert. 'llie vet. were probably good in their day, but things hare changed since then. . . Cricket will receive a big impetus now that tlii Channel Association has sprang into eiiitenee. «ppd men are at the helm. Clubs under Channel jurisdiction :— Oyster Core, North Bruni, Eioelsior, Long Bay. and Peppermint Bay. Hawthorn. St. Marys, Memtnal, Alma and Imperial constitute the teams under tbe Hobart and Sururban Association. Wanderer Cricket Club is a new club in oonne of formation, with a member's list of nsarly half a century. The object jn view is to arrange matches with clubs within 20 miles of the eity for Wednesday afternoons and to give a concert in the evening in aid of the club against whom they are playing or for some local object. The members' list' will inolade the names of several well known senior cricketers, and the alub should prore a success. Clubs desirous of ar ranging matches and concerts should apply to eearetsry, care of Mr. Chas. McAlUn, Elisabeth -street. . Wellington and Dorwent try contusions to- day. Kendall dons the flannels for the -Tattenall' George Adams has glad dened the hearts of the Junior Association with a handsome donation. Next Thursday the Junior Association committee will meet and fix np the fint round of matches. The Australians will adhere to their Haoriland and Tasmanian engagements. Albert Trott revisits Hogland next season ii order to qualify for a connty eleven. The Australians are at present in Celi fo-nia enjoying themselves. Donnan'e recall by his employers looks a bit nasty. ^^^^^^^^^^^ 