THE NOVELIST. j RODNEY STONE. m ~ A REMINISCENCE OF THE RING.* BY A. CON AN DOYLE. CHAPTER XX. LORD AVON. My uncle was Hn impassive m*n by nature, and had become more so by the tradition of the society in which he lived. He could have turned a card upon which his torlune depended without the twitch of a muscle, and I had seen him myself driving to im minent denth on the Godstone r^ad with as calm a face as if he were out for his daily airing in the Mall. But now the shock which had come upon him was so great that he could only stand with white cheeks and star ing,incredulous eyes. Twice I saw him open his lips, and twice he put up his hand to his throat as though a barrier had ri»en betwixt himself and his utterance. Finally he took a9udden little run forward, with both bis hands thrown out in greeting. " Ned!" he cried. But the strange man who stood before him folded his arms over his breast. " No.Charles," siid he. My uncle stopped and looked at him in amazement. " Surely, Ned, you have a greeting for me after all these years." " You believed me to have done this deed, Charles. I read it in your eyeB and in your manner on that terrible morning. You never asked me for an explanation. You never considered how impossible such a crime must be for a man of my chuncter. At the first breath of suspicion you, niv in timate friend, the man who knew me beat, set me down as a thief and a murderer." "No, no, Ned." " You did, Charles. I read it in jour eyes. And so it was that when I wished to leave that which was most precious to me in safe hands I had to pass you over and to place him in the charge of the one man who fiom the first never doubted mv innocence. Better a thousand times that my son should be brought up in a humble station and in ignorance of his unfortunate father, than that he should learn to share the dou - and suspicions of his equals." " Then he ia Teally your son !" 1 my ancle, staring at Jim in amazement. For answer the man stretched out his long withered arm, and placed a gaunt hand upon the shoulder of the actress, whilst she looked up at him with love in her eyes. " I married, Charles, and 1 kept it secret from my friends, for I had gone to the stage for my wife. You know the foolish pride which has always been the strongest part of my nature. I could not bear to avow that which I had done. It was this neglect upon my part wbich led to an estrang^m-nt be tween us, and drove her into habits for which it is I who am to blame and not she. Yet on account of these same habits I took the child from her and gave her an allowance on condition that she did tv t interfere with it. I had feared that 'he boy might receive evil from her, and had never dreamed in my blindness that she might get good from him. Put I have learned in my miserable life, Charles, that there is a Power which fashions things for us, though we may strive to thwart it, and that we are in truth driven by an un Been current towards a certain goal, however much we may deceive ourselves into think ing that it is our own sails and oars which are speeding us upon our way." My eyes had been upon the face of my uncle as he listened, but now as I turned them from him they u II once more upon the thin wolfish face of Sir Lothian Hume. He stO'>d near the window, his grey silhouette thrown up against the ,-quare of dusty glass, and I have never seen such a play of evil passions, of anger, of jealousy, of disap pointed greed upon a human face before. " Am I to understand," said he, in a loud harsh voice, " that this young man claims to be the heir of the peerage of Avon." " He is my lawful son." " l knew yoo fairly well, sir, in our youth, but you will allow me to observe that neither I nor any triend of yours ever heard of a wife or a son. I defy Sir Charles Tregellis to say that he ever dreamed that there was any heir except myself." "I have alr<ady explained, Sir Lothian, why I kept my m^rriaae Becret." " Yon have exphiined, fir, but it is for others i another place to say if that ex planation iffSHtistaoiory." 'wo hlazmg dark _«->es flashed out of the p-i|e naggHrd luce with as strange and sud den an effect as if a s ream or light were to bear through the win I ws of a shattered and rained house. " You dare to doubt my word J" " I demand a proof." "My Word iB proof to those who know me." "Excuse mp, Lord A\on but I know you, and I see no reason why I ah uld accept your atat*>ment." It was a brutal speech, end bru<olly de livered. Lord Avon stagg- red forward, and it only his son on one si< e and bin wife on (he other who feept his quivering hands from the throat of the irtsuiter. Sir Lothian . reooiled trom the p&Ie; fierce face with the . blpok bro»s, but be atill glared angrily about tbfroom. . " A very pretty conspiracy this, he cried, " with . criminal, an acres#, and a prize fighter all playing their parts. Sir Charles Tregellis, yoo shall hear from me again! An(f ypu, $leo, my lord I" lie turned upon lita bM and st^o <e from the room. " I&vhaa; gone to denounce me," said Lord jAtoti^ftpasm of wounded pride distorting f iring him back V cried Boy go. It is as well, for I r«p.iDfdpBi!>d4fcat my doty to yon, my BOH, outweighs that which I owe, and have at such bitter cost fulfilled, to my brother and my family." " You did me an injustice, Ned," said my uncle, "if you thought I had forgotten you, or that I Imd judged you unkindly. If ever I have thought that you had done this deed -and how could I doubt the evidence of my own eyes-I have always bplieved that it was at a time when your mind was unhinged, and when you knew no more of what you were about than the man who is walking in his sle?p." " AVhat do you mean when you talk about the evidence of your own eyes ?" asked Lord Avon, looking hard at uiy uncle. "1 Haw you, Ned, upon that accursed night." "Saw me? Where?" " In the passage." " And doing what?" " Vou were coming from your brother's room. I had heard his voice raised in anger and pain only an instant before. You carried in your hand a bag full of money, and your face betrayed the utmost agitation. If you can but explain to me, Ned, how you came to be there y>.u will take from my heart a weight which has pressed upon it for all these years." No one would have recognised in my uncle 'he man who was the leader of all the fops of London. In the presence of this old friend and of the tragedy which girt him round the veil of triviality and affectation bad been rent, and I felt all my gratitude towardn him deepening for the first time into affection STUD* BT FALK AND CO., ELIZABETH-STREET, MELBOURNE. whilst I watched his pale anxious face and the eager hope which shone in bis eyes as he awaite<i his friend's explanation. Lord Avon Bank his face' in his hands, and for a few moments there was silence in the dim grey room. " I do not wonder now that yon were shaken/ said he at last. "My God, what a net was cast round me ! Had this vile charge been brought against me, you, my dearest friend, would have been compelled to tear away ? he last doubt as to my guilt. And yet, in spite of what you have seen, Charles, I am as innocent in the matter as you are." " I thank God that I hear you any so." " But you are not satisfied, Charles. I can rea 1 it on yoor face. You wish to know why an innoc-nt man should conceal himself lor all these years." "Your word is enough for me, Ned, but the world will wish this other question answered also." "It was to save the family honour, Charles. You know how dear it was to me. I could not clear myself without proving my brother to have been guilty of the foulest crime which a gentleman coold commit. For eighteen years 1 have screened him at the ex pense of everything which a man oonld sacri fice, I have lived a living death, which has left me an old and shattered man when I am hot in my fortieth year. But now, when I am faced with the alternative of telling the facts about my brother or of wronging my son, I can only act in one. fashion, and the more so since I have reason to hope that a way may be found by which what 1 am about to disclose to you need never come to the public ear." He rose from'his chair, and, leaning heavily upon bis two Bopporters, he tottered aoross tne room to the dust-onvered sideboard. .There, in the centre of it, was lying that ill-, boding pile of time-stained, mildewed cards, just as Boy Jim and I had seen jthem years before. Lord Avon turned them, over with, trembling fingers, and, upon the left-hand bottom corner of this card, Charles," said he. " Puss tliem liplitly backwards and forwards, and tell me what you feel." " It has been pricked with a pin." " Precisely. What is the curd ? " My uncle turned it over. " It is the king of club9." "Try the bottom corner of this one." " It is quite smooth." "And the card is T" " The three of spades." " And this one V "It lias been pricked. It is the nee of hearts." K Lord Avon hurled them down upon the floor. " There you have the whole accursed story," he cried. " Need I go further where evt-ry word is an agony?" "I see som thing, but not all. You must continue, Ned." The frail figure stiffened itself as though he were visibly bracing himself for an effort. " I will tell it you then once and for ever. Never again, I trust, will it be nt'CfS^Bry for me toonen my lips about the miserable busi ness. You remember our game. You remem ber how we lost You remember how you all retired, and left me sitting in this very room and at that very table. Far troni being tired, I was exceedinely wakeful, and I re mained here for an hour or mor* thinking over the incidents of the game and the changes which it promised to brine about in my fortunes. I had, as you will recollect, lost heavily, and my only consolation was that my own brother had won. 1 knew that owing to his reck leas mode of life he was firmly in the clutches of the Jews, and I hoped thai that which had shaken my position might have the t fleet of restoring his. As I sat there, (inhering the cards in an abstracted way, some chance led me to observe th«" email needle-pricks which yon have just felt. I went over the packs and found to my unsp^kable horror thatany one who wan in the secret could h->ld them in dealing in such a wiiy as to lie a<>le tocrtnnttheexac number of liiph ? arris which fell to eac'i of his opponents. And .hen wit i sucha flush of shamean 1 diHcuataelhadnever known I n-membere I how my attention had been drawn to my brother's mode of dealing, its Blowness, and the way in which he hela each card by the lower corner. " I did not condemn him precipitately. I eat for a Jong time calling to mind every in cident which could tell one way or the other. Alas, it all went to confirm me in my first horrible suspicion, and to turn it into a cer tainty. My brother had ordered the packs from Ledbury s in Bond-Btreet. They had l>een for some hours in his chamber*. He had plHyed throughout with a decision which had surprised us at the time. Above all I could not conceal from myself that hiB past life was not such as to make even so abominable a crime as this impossible to him. Tingling with anger and shame, I went straight up that stair, the cards in my hand, and I taxed him with this lowest and meanest of all the crimes to which a villain could descend. "He had not retired to rest, and his ill gotten gains, were spread out upon the dressing-table. I hardly know what I said to bim, )>ut the facte were so deadly that he did not attempt to deny his guilt. You will re member as the only mitigation of his crime th*t he waa^ar^j yet one-and-twenty j^words overwhelmed icqhia knees to me. kjitre him. I told WAsideration for our ,*o public exposure of him, but that he mast never again in his life lay his hand upon a card, and that the money which he had won rnuBt be returned next morning to my guestB with an explanation. It would be social ruin, he protested. I answeied that he must take the consequences of his own deed. Then and there 1 burned the papers which he had won from me nnd I replaced in a canvas hag which lay up on the table all the gold pieces. I would have left the room without another word, hut he clung to Hie and tore the ruffle from my wri6t in hig attempt to hold me back and to prevail upon me to promise to say nothing to you or Sir Lothian Hume. It was his despairing cry when he found that I was proof against all his entreaties which reached your ears, Charles, and caused you to open your chamber door and to see me as 1 returned to my room." My uncle drew a lone siprli of relief. " Nothing could be clearer!" he mur mured. " In the morning I came, aa you remember, to your room, and I returned your money. I Hid the same to Sir Lothian Hume. I said nothing of my reasons for doing so, for I found that I could not bring myself to con fess our disgrace to you. Then came the horrible discovery which has darkened my life, and which was as great a mystery to me as it has been to you. I saw that I was sus pected, and I saw also that even if I were to clear myself, it could only be done by a public confession of the infamy of my brother. I shrank from it, Charles. Any personal suffering aeemed to me to be better than to bring public shame upon a family which has held an untarnished record through so many centuries. I fled from my trial, therefore, and disappeared from the world. " But first of all it was necessary that I should make arrangements for the wife and the son of wbose existence you and my other friends were ignorant. It is with shame, Mary, that 1 confess it, and I acknowlerge to you that the blame of all the consequences rests with me rather than with you. At the time th»-re were reasons, now happily long gone past, which made me determine that the son waa belter apart fr»m the mother, whose absence at that age he would not miss. 1 would have taken you into my confidence, Charles, had it nut been that your suspicions had wounded me deeply-for I did not at that time understand how strong the reasons were which had prejudiced you against me. " On the evening after the tragedy I fled to London and arranged that my wife should have a fitting allowance on condition that she did not interfere with the child. I had, as vou remember,.bad much to Ho with Har rison, the prizefighter, and I had often had occasion to admire Ins simple and honest nature. 1 took my boy to him now, and I found him, as I expected, incredulous as to ray guilt, and ready to assist me in Any way. At his wife's entreaty he bad just retired from the ring, and was uncertain how he should employ himself. 1 was atle to fit him up as a smith, on condition thnt he should ply hiB trade at the village of Friar's Oak. My agreement was that.James was to be brought up as their nephew, and that he should know nothing of his unhappy parents. " You will ask me why I seleoted Friar's Oak. It was because I had already chosen my plaoe of oonoealment, and if I could not see my boy it was at least some consolation. to know that he was near me. You are . aware that thiB mansion is one of the oldest in England, but youarenotawaie thatit his been built with a very speoial e#e to ooroeal ment, that there are no less than tm habitable secret chambers, and that the ost ° or thicker walls are tunnelled into p*88ij,« 1r The existence of these rooms has alwavs a family secret, though it was one whirl J valued so little that it .was only the chance nf my seldom u-ing the house which had nT vented me from pointing them oat to «oL friend. Now I found (hat a secure retreat was provided for me in my extremity i stole down to my own mansion, entered 'it nmht, and leavine all that was dear to ml behind, I crept like a rat bf hind the wainscot to live out the remainder of my weary life in solitude and misery. In this worn faCe Charles,awl in this grizzled hair, you may read the diary of my most miserable existence "Once r week Harrison used to brine me up provisions, passing th- m through the pantry window, which I left open for the purpose. Sometimes I would steal out at night, and walk under the stars once more with the cool breeze upon m.v forehead, but this I had at last to stop, for I was Been by the rustics, and rumours of a spirit at Cliffe Royal began to get about. One night two ghost hnnters " "It was I, father," cried Boy Jim. ''land my friend Hoiney Stonp." " I know it was. Harrison told me so the same night. I was proud, James, to see that you had the spirit of the Harringtons, and that I had an heir whose gallantry might redeem the family blot which I have striven so hard to cover over. Then came the day when your mother's kindness-her mistaken kindness-gave you the means of escaping to London." " Ah, Edward," cried his wife, " if you had Been our boy, like a caged eagle "beating against the bars, you would have helped to give him even so short a flight as this." " I do not blame you, Mary. It is possible that 1 should. He went to London and he tried to open a carepr for himself by his own strength and courage. How many of our ancestors have done the same, save only that a sword-hilt lay in their closed hands, but of them all I do not know that any have carri-d themselves more gallantly !" "That I dare swear," 6aiu my uncle heartily. " And then when Harrison at last returned I learned that mv son was actually matched to fight in a public prize battle. That would not do, Charles! It was one thing to light as you and I have fought in our youth, and it was another to compete for a purse ot gold." " My dear friend, I would not for the world " " Of course you would not, Charles. You chose the best man, and how could you do otherwise? But it would not do. I deter mined that the time had come when I should reveal myself to my eon, the more eo as there were many signs that my most un natural existence had seriously weakened my health. Chance, or shall I not rather say Providence, had at last made clear all that had been dark, and given me tlie means of establishing my innocence. My wife went jesterday to bring my boy at last to the aide of his unfortunate father." There was silence for some time, and then it was my uncle's voice which broke it. " You've been the most ill-used man in the world, Ned." said he. " Please God, we shall have many years yet in which to make up to you for it. But after all, it seems to me that we are as tar as ever from learning how your unfortunate brother met his death." " For eighteen years it was as much a mys tery to me as to you, Charles, but now at last the guilt is manifest. Stand forward, Ambrose, and tell your story as frankly and aB fully as you have told it to me." 