The Rev. J. Lenzer. "FROM Moscow to Melbourne" would make a picturesque and euphonious title for this life-picture; for to the holy city of Russia the Victorian capital is indebted for one of its popular and accomplished Rabbis. The Rev. J. Lenzer came to Australia seven years ago with a knowledge of Dickens and Shakespeare, but no acquaintance with the English language! The statement sounds queer, but it is true. He had read Pickwick and Hamlet in Russian, and become acquainted with Sam Weller and the ghost of Hamlet's father-what a pair to be found together!-attired in Russian clothes. The ghost is, ordinarily, seen " in his habit as he lived," which seems to have been armor; but, as Ko-Ko says to Pitti-Sing, " never mind that now." And it is queer how Mr. Lenzer came to make up his mind to leave the shadow of the Kremlin for that of the Melbourne Parliament Houses. One morning at breakfast, look ing down the Hebrew "missing friends" or some other column of a Russian newspaper, he saw that a reader and singer was wanted for the East Melbourne Synagogue. He applied for the appointment, and got it. Now his unacquaintance with the English language was no difficulty in his way. Just as a Catholic priest, who celebrates mass in Latin, can celebrate it in any part of the world; so a Jewish Cantor reads the lessons in Hebrew, and being acquainted with that ancient tongue, he is at home and at his ease wherever he may officiate. But, now, we have Mr. Lenzer in our midst, not only reading in Hebrew, but preaching in English ; and, having resigned his allegiance to the Czar of All the Russias, he has become a naturalized subject of Her Majesty the Queen of England and Empress of India. . * * Mr. Lenzer was born in the township of Kritchev district of Mohilev, Russia, in 1859. His education was principally Talmudic. It may be explained 'en parenthese', that the Talmudim are two - Talmud of Jerusalem and the Talmud of Babylon. Mr. Lenzer's principal place of education was the Jewish Yesldva or College at Vlozin. He left his father's roof at the age of ten, and devoted his youth to the study of Hebrew literature, of the Talmud and commentaries upon it. The years between 1869 and 1872 he spent at schools or small colleges away from his birthplace ; then he went to the Yeshiva already mentioned, and at sixteen he was considered a fairly good Talmudic scholar. But, just at this period, he fell into ill health, and was obliged to leave college and give up his studies. He now held a certificate from the Great Rabbi that he was well- versed in the books of the Talmud, and he left the Yeshiva with a diploma in a certain department of his studies. # # The doctor - the medicine man, not the theologian \- ordered him off for the benefit of his health to Bessarabia, in the south of Russia, and he settled down near Odessa, of which everybody who has read anything of the Crimean war knows something. There, Mr. Lenzer, being a man of active mind and habits, could not rest idle. A taste for music took hold of him, and he engaged in the serious study of the art under the great chozon, N. Spivak, of Kisheneff, one of the most distinguished teachers in Europe. Mr. Spivak is a Jewish clergyman, and maintains a choir, where young men are trained in the singing of parts of the Hebrew liturgy. Mr. Lenzer remained with this eminent master six years, during which period he resumed the study of Hebrew literature and Talmud. # Within that, half-dozen years Mr. Lenzer con tracted an important and life- long engagement. He married. In 1879, when he was twenty years of age he married into a worthy and respectable family, his bride being four years younger than himself. They believe in early marriages in the eastern world! " Old bachelors," such as we are acquainted with in England, are not numerous, and certainly not popu lar, in the Orient. In the year 1881 Mr. Lenzer went to St Peters burg, where he was admitted to the conservatorium which was then under the direction of Davidoff, a well- known Jewish violoncelist. Then he became a pupil of Rubinstein, the world- famous pianist and composer, from whom he obtained a certificate for sacred music. Rubinstein became the friend as well as the master of young Lenzer, who now speaks of him with affection and admiration. * Mr. Lenzer stayed twelve months at St. Peters burg engaged in the ardent study of music, and when he left he had had an excellent musical train ing. While he was in the Russian; capital, 300 Jewish students were there, and one day the Chief of Police, a vindictive and officious man, took it into his head to expel all the Jews from the city. Mr. Lenzer, with the others, had to go, but he sometimes tells his friends, with a twinkle in his eye, that he frequently. returned - but on each occasion he was another man! No wonder that, when the young Russian Rabbi set foot on British soil, he adopted for his nationality that empire which is fast becom ing the country of the cosmopolite !. Mr. Lenzer re turned from St. Petersburg to Moscow, where he became connected with the Synagogue of General Polliakoff. This gentleman received the title of "general" in the same way that the Rev. Mr. Booth received the title of "General" in England. He built, at Moscow, a synagogue at his own expense, and maintained a minister and a choir for it at his own cost. Mr. Lenzer occupied the important post of Assistant Minister of General Polliakoff's syna gogue for three years. It was while he was ministering there that he read of a reader and choir-leader being required for the East Melbourne Synagogue. He opened up negotiations with the congregation, which, in the correspondence that took place, was represented by Mr. Jacob Goldstein, now editor of the Australasian Hebrew at Sydney. He reached Melbourne just at the close of the International Exhibition of 1888. Mr. Lenzer was warmly received on his arrival in Melbourne, and was immediately installed in the Albert-street Synagogue, as first reader and precentor. The preacher, at that time. was the Reverend Isidore Myers, and the second reader the Reverend S. Grunbaum. After eighteen months from Mr. Lenzer's arrival, the Reverend I. Myers resigned the pastorship of the Synagogue, and went on an extended tour through Europe and America, where he is now lecturing on "The Talmud." Mr. Grunbaum died three years ago. In 1890 Mr. Lenzer succeeded Mr. Myers as minister of the congregation. His first engagement was for five years at a commencing salary of £300 per annum: six weeks ago, he was elected minister for life, with a minimum stipend of £350. * * * After his arrival in Melbourne, Mr. Lenzer proceeded to study diligently the English language. Russians have a great facility for acquiring foreign tongues, and before he was here two years, he was able to make himself understood in English. He was able to preach in English, and many of his sermons were published. He had for tutor in his English studies Mr. Moses Moses, B.A. LL.B., under whom he remained twelve months, with brilliant results. Mr. Lenzer was an indefatigable student. He had already read Shakespeare in Russian. He now took up Hamlet in English-studied it with extraordinary thoroughness, and spent six months over Shakespeare's masterpiece alone! Now, his chief mental recreation is reading the works of England's greatest bard and those of Charles Dickens and Lord Byron. He has devoted much time to the study of anatomy, and is an expert in the religious rite of circumcision. * Mr. Lenzer has a pleasant baritone voice, of power and compass. We all know how superbly the grand opera is supported in Russia, and when it is men tioned that he received tempting offers from theatri cal managers to appear upon the stage, it will be understood that he rejected invitations to wealth and fame. And this he did rather than renounce his clerical vocation. When at Odessa, Mr. Lenzer became the friend and pupil of the illustrious musi cian and composer Blumenthal (who was a Jewish minister), and of the eminent composer Bachman, who was pastor of the local synagogue, and is now settled at Budapest. Mr. Lenzer holds certificates from both of these distinguished musicians. * * Mr. Lenzer is ever active in the promotion of religion and charity in connection with his con gregation. The poor in the hospitals and other charitable institutions, and at their own homes, are his special care; and his own house is the scene of much of his benevolence and philanthropy. He is an ex effico member of the Executive committee of the Jewish Philanthropic Society, and takes a deep interest in the operations of that most useful organisation. The East Melbourne congregation has, of late years, been involved in serious trouble. There was a mortgage on the building of £4500 and a bank over draft of £1600. Through the present pastor's instrumentality the overdraft has been wiped out and the mortgage has been reduced by £1000. * In person, Mr. Lenzer is above the middle height, and strongly built. He is of fair complexion, wears a full, light brown beard and long hair of the same tint, combed behind the ears and falling on the neck after the style of Russian priests. In manner, he is courteous and affable, good-humoured and fond of a joke. X A PROPOSAL is simmering in the conglomerate lay "and clerical mind of the Victorian Wesleyan Church t0 float a loan for £170,000, a sum equal to the net ^t'rust indebtedness of the church, on debentures having a currency of 25 years, bearing interest at 4 per cent. The security offered would be a mort gage over the whole of the church, school, and par sonage properties, to befunded and vested in a central trust for the purpose, and whose value is estimated at .£662,000, and the establishment of a sinking fund. The money thus borrowed would be lent again for 25 years to the trusts seeking loans at 5 per cent. The advantages claimed for the scheme are :-(1) a reduction in the average rate of £ per cent.; (2) a diminishing of the debts by means of the sinking fund by at least 40 per cent, in the 25 years; (3) the relief of the trusts by the substitu tion of an annual fixed liability in place of one depending upon their success in negotiating with mortgagees j and (4) restoration of distressed trusts, now a menace to the church credit as a whole, to a working position, 