«^ ? . — ? TEE CONSCIENCE. fBy James Stalker, D.D.I 11 Sanctify the Lord God in j-our hearts ; and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketli you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear ; having a good conscience ; that, whereas the3' speak evil of you, as of evildoers, they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good con ?.____a.;_ ? r_ fii._:n«- it i nn*.n*. sis ie in VCIVUbJUU ill uuiiDh — A xrcbvt au., ii-i iVi Let us take for our text a phrase, 'Having a good conscience.' The word 'conscience' does not occur often in the Bible. It does not occur once in the Old Testament, but the thing 'conscience' is in the Bible from fh-3t to last. For instance, recall to your minds the very first story in the Bible— the fall of man. Why was it that our first parents, when they bad eaten the forbidden fruit, were ashamed to look in each other's faces ; and why was it that when they heard the Almighty walking in the garden towards them they hid among the trees? That was conscience. Or take the very next story in the Bible — the death of Abel. Why did Cain hear a voice rising from his brother's blood to heaven, and whv did he flee from it. a fugitive and a vagabond 1 That was con science. Conscience, in fact, is everywhere in the Bible. Without conscience there would be ?no religion. But let us define clearly, and as fully as the time will permit, what conscience is and what it does. Conscience has been called the moral sense. Now, what does that mean? It means this, that as by the sense of taste we distinguish what is sweet and what is spur, and by the Bense of hearing we distinguish what is har monious and what is discordant, and by the other bodily senses we discriminate the quali ties of material things, so in the soul there, is a sense which distinguishes right from wrong, and that is the conscience.. If any one were asked why it is wrong to kill, and to steal, and to lie, perhaps the first thing that would occur to him might be to say that it is because it is contrary to the law of God, meaning the Ten Commandments. But then he might be asked, ' Before the Ten Commandments were written was it not wrong to kill, and to steal, and to lie ?' Of course it was, and that shows that the answer is inadequate. There have been many nations who have never seen the Ten Commandments, and vet they have known quite well that to lie, and to steal and to kill are wrong. How did they know that ? St. Paul seems to tell us when he says, in one of the profoundest passages of his writings, ' When the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves, which show the work of the law written in their hearts.' And the pro foundest of the Greek dramatists makes one of bis heroines appeal to what he calls 'the unwritten laws of God that know not change,' and he 6ays of them, 'They are not of to-day nor yesterday, but live for ever, nor can man assign when first they sprang to be.' In opposition to this sceptical philosophers have pointed to the barbarities and the de grading superstitions which have claimed the sanction of conscience, and from these un deniable facts they have drawn the inference that conscience knows no more and no better than custom ; but the power resident in human nature of rising out of barbarous and super stitious practices, and seeing the better life when it shows itself, appears_ to prove that behind such mistakes there is a power of discerning 'whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatso ever things are just, whatsoever things lire puro, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report.' I think general assent would be given to this statement of Bishop Butler, the classical writer on the subject of conscience— you young men should all read his three sermons on 'lluraan Nature,' in which there are the greatest sentences upon the conscience that have eve* been written in the English lan guage — I say general assent would, I think, be given to this statemant by Bishop Butler : ''Let any plain honest man, before he engages in any course of action, ask himself, is this I am going about right, or is it wrong ? Is it good, or is it evil ? I do not in the least doubt but that this question would be answered agreeably to truth and virtue by almost any fair man in almost any circumstance.' The conscience is the categorical imperative. That is a name given to it by the German philosopher Kant, also one of the great writers on conscience. I suppose it is too big a name. It Bounds fearfully learned, but a word is none the worse for being big if you understand it ; in fact a difficult word is often the best when you understand clearly what it means, and it is not at all difficult to understand what this means. It brings out a second feature, and this is the second feature it brings out. As soon as it is ascertained that one course is right and the opposite one wrong, the con science commands us to follow the. one course and avoid the other. Thus it is imperative; and it is a categorical imperative— that is to say, it accepts no excuse. The course which conscience-commands may apparently be con trary to our interests ; it may be dead against our inclinations ; it may be contrary to all we are advised to do by friends and companions; it may be contrary to the commands of princi palities or powers, and the voice of the multi tude ; but conscience does not on that account in the least withdraw its imperative. It is a categorical imperative. We must obey. We may yield to temptation, or be carried away by the force of passion ; but we know that we ought to obey. It is our duty, and that is the grand word of conscience. It is conscience that tells us what duty is. The great crises of human life occur when conscience is commanding one course, and self-interest, or passion, or authority is commanding another course, and it has to be decided which course a man is to take ; and accordingly the interpreters of human life have availed themselves of these crises in the great imaginative books of the world. I am sure you all remember in the ' Heart of Mid lothian' how Jeanie Deans, with her heart bursting with love for her frail sister yet refuses to deviate one hair's-breadth from the truth, although her falsehood would save her sister's life. And in Victor Hugo's 'Les Miserables,' the hero, an ex-convict, who has risen to honor and opulence by a course of well-doing, comes forward to acknowledge his own life, although the acknowledgment is going to send him back to the hulks rather allow an innocent man, who has been mis taken for him and is being charged with his sins, to be punished in his stead. But such scenes do not occur merely in fiction. Perhaps the grandest scene of modern history is the appearance of Luther at the Diet of Worms, when, facing the hostile powers of all Europe, he said, ' It is neither safe nor honest to do anything against conscience. Here stand I ; I cannot do otherwise, so help me God.' There is never an hour passes but in the secrecy of some man's pouI or in the obscurity of business life, someone, putting aside the promptings of self-interest and the frowns of power, pays the same tribute to conscience by doing right and taking the con sequences. Conscience is a sentence of guilty or not guilty. As soon as the right course or the wrong has been chosen, and the deed done, conscience unfolds a further power by passing sentence of justification or condemnation; justification involving reward and happiness and condemnation involving punishment and misery. Conscience has often been compared to a court of justice, in which there are the culprit, the judge, the jury, and the witnesses ; but, strange to say, these all are in every man's own breast. Ay, and the executioner is there too who .carries out the sentence. There is not one of us who doe3 not know in some degree both the pain and horror of a condemning conscience, and the pleasure of an approving conscience. A habitually approving conscience gives even to the outward man elasticity and courage, while a habitually condemning conscience gives to a man a look of confusion and misery. One of the great writers whom I have already quoted has a wonderful passage in which the two characters are put in contrast. I wish I could quote it all, but I will quote a few of the most significant sentences. Here is first the picture of a very good man, with a habitually approving conscience: 'He was sleeping peacefully, and was wrapped up in a long garment of, brown wool, which covered his arms down to the wrists. His head was thrown back on the pillow in an -easy attitude of repose, and his hand, adorned with the pastoral ring, and which had done so many good deeds, hung out of bed. His entire face was lit up by a vague expression of satisfaction, hope, and beatitude — it was more than a smile, and almost a radiance. There was almost a divinity in this uncon sciously august man.' And here is the opposite picture. The burglar, on the contrary, 'was standing in the shadow with his crowbar in his hand, motionless and terrified by this luminous old man. He had never seen anything like this before, and such confidence horrified him;' and then he adds, ' The moral world has no greater spectacle than this — a troubled, restless _ conscience, which is on the point of committing a bad action, contemplating the sleep of a just man.' In all ages the higher imaginative literature has found its best resources in depicting the horrors of a guilty conscience. The ancient Greeks represented these terrors by the Furies, who with shadowy, silent, but remorseless steps, pursued the criminal until they pulled him down ; and in such dramas as Macbeth and Richard III. Shakespeare is dealing with the same theme. You all remember how, when King Duncan was murdered, a paralysing and agonising terror fell on his murderer ; and how, in Richard III., on the night before the battle in which the tyrant received the reward of his deeds, ghosts of the victims of his tyranny passed one by one through his tent, summoning him to meet' them on the battlefield, until the man, streaming with perspiration sprang from hi3 bed, crying — My conscience hath a thousand several tongues, And every tongue brings in a several tale, And every tale condemns me for a villain. But observe this, that not only does a man's own conscience pass sentence on his conduct ; but the consciences of others, if they chance to be acquainted with it, do so too, and to this may be duo a great intensification either of the pleasure or the pain which conscience causes. For instance, a man may have committed a crime and suffered for it in his conscience, but gradually time assuages his pain, and be is for getting it. Well, suddenly it is found out, and tha conscience of the public is brought to bear on him. He is put out of respectable society, and feels now for the first time the full enormity of what he has done. On the contrary, a friend or a wife may be to a man a second conscience, and the approval of this second conscience may have no less force than even the approval of his own conscience in encouraging him to seek everything that is high and noble and to avoid everything that is base. The conscience is an intuition of God. We have seen that as soon as the choice is made and the deed done, conscience inflicted im mediate reward or punishment. But it has another function. It hints unmistakably, at reward and punishment yet to come, and from another source. You remember how Hamlet expresses this when contemplating the crime of suicide : — ? ? \\. The dread of something after death. The undiscovered countrj't from whose bourne No traveller returns, puzzles the will, And makes us rather bear those ills we have, Than fly to others that we know not of. Thus conscience docs make cowardB of us all. In the Egyptian book of the dead, which has just been published in Europe, but is many centuries older than the Christian era, 240 figures are represented as meeting the soul when it enters the other world. These are virtues, and to each of them the soul has to answer how far it has practised these virtues in this life ; and besides -this strict enquiry, up in the corner of the picture God is represented weighing the heart. There have been few nations that have had as vivid a con conception as the ancient Egyptians of the world to come, but on the other hand there have been very few that have not had some notions of it, and one of these invariably is the notion of a trial, before entering the next life, of th« deeds done in this world. It is quite possible that the scenery of the next life supplied in the Bible may be largely sym bulical and not literal. It is very diiticult to imagine literally and logically the Judgment Day as it is set forth in the Scriptures, but the idea which that embodies is one that the human mind, ouce having got hold of it, can never lose, and that idea is that our deeds are not cast off in this world, but travel with us to the next world, and will there have to be answered for. But now, here is the point. At that judgment day, whatever may be its form, who is to be the Judge ? It is not of its own judgment that the conscience is afraid. There may be, as the Christian Scriptures represent, a great public demonstration in which the universal con science is brought to bear on every particular case, and that thought contains a wonderful solemnity, but it is not even of that that con science is afraid. No, on the Throne there is a Judge more august. The Lord is judge. It used to be thought that in the very composition of the word conscience there was a reference to God. The word is made up of two words, con, meaning with, and science, or knowledge, and it was sup posed that the meaning of the word was that we know our life along with God. That derivation is I believe now given up, but it exactly expresses the truth. Analyse your own consciousness when conscience is acting, and see if it does not inform you that God is looking on. For instance, when you have done something wrong, and are feeling ashamed and horrified, are you not aware that God is near you, and that it is from His hand that retribution is to come. Many thinkers have believed, and I agree with them, that apart from Revelation the strongest evidence of the existence of a God is this testimony of the conscience. These four aspects, then, seem to me to bring out most of the truth on this subject ; at least the great outlines of the truth. Will you permit me in closing to say a word about the cultivation of the conscience? Conscience is the foundation of character. Does a man listen to the voice within him ? Can he iook himself straight; in the eyes? That is the most important question you can ask about any man. My hearers, there are some men and women that would almost as soon meet a tiger in the jungle as meet themselves in solitude. But if a man is accustomed day by day to bring his -conduct under the survey of * his -own conscience, and if he is moved with joy and sorrow according to the sentences -which conscience pronounces, that man is safe. He will not need to mind much what the opinion of other people is about him, but can adopt as his own the splendid motto of our Northern University : — ' Thay haif said ; quhat say thay ; hit thame say.' On the other hand, when a man is merely fishing for the good opinion of other people he is lost ; he is a sham, and he is on his way to being found out. ' ' To thine own self be true ; and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.' Yet conscientiousness is not everything. It may be only a petty and self-satisfied Pharisaism. There are few things that astonish me so much as to find how many people there are whose final judgment on themselves is this, that they have never done anyone any harm, and they have not much to reproach them selves with. That betrays an unenlightened conscience. The conscience requires to be made observant and sensitive by acquaintance with the law of God as revealed in His word, and especially as expounded by Christ Him self when He taught that even when the out ward conduct is correct the law may be broken in the secret thoughts and Wishes. When a man has thus apprehended the breadth and spirituality of the law, he cannot look upon himself as any thing else but a great sinner, and the conscience has not in any of us discharged its proper duty unless it has cast us down at the feet of the Divine mercy, crying, ' Lord, be merciful to me a sinner.' When a man is in that position it is the glory of the gospel that it can satisfy the conscience. It does so by diffusing through it- the sense of the Divine forgiveness, manifested in the cross of Christ, in perfect combination with justice. But that is not all that Chriet gives in His character and in His life. He gives the conscience a noble conception of duty. It is a very lofty one, and yet it is not inaccessible, for the Spirit of Christ gives him who Reeks its power to approximate constantly more and more to the ideal. I do not suppose, however, that a man who is at this stage is ever likely to feel that conscience Ims not much to say against him. I was very much struck with a few sentences from a strange source in the life of Bishop Patteson. There is a remarkable letter from some of his barbarian conveTts^poor young lads who had been savages before- Patteson went to their island. This is what they wrote to him— I wish all' the civilised knew as much of the truth: 'A man does not know that tha room is dirty and full of cobwebs while it is dark. Another man, whose room is not half so dirty, yet because the sun shines into it and shows the dirt, thinks the room much worse than the other: That is like our hearts ; the more the sun shines in the more we find cobwebs and dirt long after we thought tfte room was clean.' I believe the greatest saint in this world is a man who is becoming more sensitive to his own sin, and yet who, through that very sensitiveness and penitence, is slowly rising to the majesty and purity of a perfect man in Christ Jesus. 