pl' alCI EXCERPTS. -i - ,`·bore leaving Victoria, ..,re uton advanced a con . :o of mon-y on mortgage .,,!, farmIer widely known :; :-,try and his experiments in -, i whi=p.r abroad that one : ''ri.n quatter has had to S,??nillion from Q. Million p: . to ,;trry him over his :;+rras-ments. A_ ,,ch Ihonorary justice shock. A -r i reted N. S. Wales J.P. was .. sal when his name appeared i, ,our lit. Ona the principle t p: e"rience makes perfect, that j p. hniuld be distinct success on the a i.linm Clarke has refused to :- tc::he mnnetary testimonial which 1 rtri?n Masons were raising to ,,in hs our. At his suggestion the , ,ii beh devoted to founding a C ,:k Ctrage in connection with the ii: s ah britable institution. 1\. h u" lM nr Lyell share case Mrs ;pc:". R:f- of the plaintiff, was very ,-v in hir cross-examination. " Did .!??.h::- ssend yon any love-letters ;."r couring you T'" asked the quiz t.: .C., who cotuldn't believe Dixon's ,::er: i:at he could neither read or ce "Ah, I got the best of alllove . ," . he sweetly replied; " a good -,.ri ita ,-ttlement." That compen lt br a lot of illiteracy. .r-Gt.vrnemnt Astronomer Ellery, h. the way, is still practically 5-t::he lObervetory work for the : -lt1s onme curious stories of his 5.:-a:ic esperitnces. On one occasion the great flood of 1891, he got -:, ac from a country farmer as r, :--"Stop rain at once. Got S . wat.r in fields. Action for dai:s ??:f action not taken within 24 bh'.o Rply paid." Ellry replied : "R-in stops within 12 hours, D.V." A:.I it did. R hrrt Ganthony, the well-known F?:,ish entertainer, once very kindly ar" a performance to amuse the inms sof a lunatic asylum. After he h.d finished his brilliant monologue encert:inmer.t he ask'd one of the r-irnts - a woman (I) - what she thcaoht of it. "I think, was the on expicted reply, " that it is a mystery to me why I should be kept here whilst you ;re allowed to run round loose." Giethtny sought no more critical opinions from his audience. WaC11lce Brownlow soon got tired of yrld hunting in Gippsland, and is rithbing again with the Royal Comic Opera Company. The ghost doesn't walk so regularly on a mining field as aith Williamson and Musgrove. Wal hi, however, succeeded in "bottoming on the wash." He hacked into a tub fail of soap sads on washing day in the back yard of - "'ambo public-house. Kaiser Wilhelm tries to make a show of hkiing the English, but fails miser hbly. At heart he sincerely hates ti;m, and the feeling is returned with in:-rest, although the British sentiment is spiced with ridicule. The Kaiser buhnts his withered hand and diseased er on his Guelphic connection, but that won't wash. He comes of queer stock the other way, and dates back to tb+ Emperor Paul of Russia, who perlhaps had more diseases to the square inLh thin any other monarch that has ever lived. Tas. Premier Bral!don is not shabove re?nilng an incident that cuts against him=elf. He was prosecuting a noted iari+r at the Hobert Supreme Court. Thi- an:2orrt, with much cleverness, c ': ?tcet: his oxn defence. and in the e.u:-re of his address on the evidence -f-rred to Brad ton an "my learned fnrd. " i object to this imper " e.?.c tt" I tdignantly interjected coun .el Ti:e judge took accused to task i r hi expression. " I beg the gentle min s pirdou," was his courteous reply, "an it it is agreeable to your Honour I withviraw the word 'learned.' " Pai )ILv tells his friends a story an:ts: himself. One morning, visit in, Cot.u t Girdea in quest of types, he s':uIk a brawny, characteristic co°,r, j.tt the thing he wanted, and ullic::n out his sketch book jotted do ,, the man, as he thought, most 0eo-e-fuily. Presently ha was inter rupd h hy lls model, who pulled down Ih'e' h;a:d, ejacol tite: "Say gov'ner. cr yu drorin' me, cos if yer are I'll s:ouhi ver." "No, no," said May; "oh, dear no, my friend, I was sketch S:.other fellow altogether." " Let's gie, said the coster, dubiously. Phil th vol1th- pictur in fear and tremUb , " thp coster examined it care f Ot"th thas all right," he said; b i:'s a cI jolh for you it weren't Apropos of the customt of administer ri, the outs to Chitnese by causing tham 0 blow ut . match. De Courcy S?]n?, the Iarrister and son of the t-i e io'ed legal wit, relates an exp n,:e. he had in an up-country e ;r A em aciated Celestial stepped ti, the tsiotteas.box, but the clerk of ciu-t h;dntl't a match for the oath .r,· relknd came to the rescue li orI erge fusee, and when it was lih d the whole concentrated uong .?, r of etshn Chinaman was unsuaf .. to lxtinxtuisa the flame. " All ' -oJli !scid John weakly, " get et hlsdy, me olow then." A -'urtii pub. supplied the liquor 0i ,n tIe alin had got it oft he n'.to race the necessary breath , o: , : ,'sta. Betides, he was so t is*. the h?randy that he turned o Lei ohat gave Ireland's - client 