Shrouded inMystery OR. Which Girl Did He Marry ? By Skipp Borlase, ujthob of ' Fob Tbub Love'b Sake/ ' Thbzh Lovely Wnwi n,' ' Dabkeb Than Death,' ' Am Ocean Secret,' ' Recalled to Life,' ' Riches to IUjin,' 'Who Killed Johh Camehon f ' 'Tnfc Police Minibtee,' Etc. CHAPTER LXXXIV.— (Continued.) FIBT LAW AND LEG UAJtL— OUT OF LlMfiO AND INTO GAOL — CAJTAIN LEIGH AGAIN TOLLED. Neither he nor Sir Harry had tbe least idra i*b yet of the direful tragedy that had takcu place at the old house in the wood, or that, poor Ruth w as almost as far off from being restored to friends and freedom as she had ever been. They were destined not much longer to remain in ignorance of those facts, however, for at this juncture (the governor of the K*ui uttviun jUll oeen inaucca to aook upon Captain Leigh's visit as a protracted one) Jim Nuttall was admitted into the baronet's cell, the turnkey muttering by way of introduction : 14 A man, Sir Harry, who comes — that's to say be declares bo — on a business of life and death, which is why we let such a rough enstomer in before that geDtleman tbtre retired, for 1 hope that, in a general way, we bnth knows our manners and acts up to 11 My good fellow, what's the matter 7 Do you bring me good or evil news?' asked the baronet, in tones of mingled patience and anxiety. '* I bring you news, Sir Harry, that I hope will prove good to you and to myself aBwell, for I know where Lady Howarth is, and if you were only free I could take you straight to her,' answered Jim Nuttall. ' I'm af laid, my man, that for your own sake you have made the discovery too late, or else not actcd quickly enough upon it, for ere this Lady Howarth is assuredly safe in her father's house, and the thousand pounds, or rather guineas, arc in the pockets of one Ilalcamus Greenwood,' responded the baro net, in accents of sympathy. ' Oh, no, Sir Harry, they arc not, for Greenwood's as dead as a door nail, aud I'm much afraid that the lady will be in no better condition if haste isn't made to libe rate her,' retorted the pinner. ' You see,' he went on, ' Greenwood tried to get the money first, so as to make sure of it like, for he knew that gold was a metal that stuck very hard to old Rudcliifc's fingers when once it came in contact with them. So he broke into the house, and Dew* drop, the bulldog, settled his hash before he could even let out where he'd hid the gal— 1 mean the lady — away, whereupon the old father went mad, and is mad stiil — held down in bed by Parson Bellos and his man, Zerubbabcl, all through the livelong night they say. But 1 know as much about your Honor's lady bb the dead roan ever kuew, and I've even had speech with her.' ' And where is she ? Ob, heaven, where is sh' ?' almost shrieked tbe baronet. 41 Where I couldn't get her out from with out extra help, or, 'pon my sonl and con science, I'd have done it right off the reel,' protested Jim Nuttall ambiglouBly, 11 But I can give that help, for I am free to quit this place at eleven o'clock, and hark, th- re's S. Chad's clock striking that hour even now. Leigh, hand me the magisterial papers that you were kind enough to pro cure, for I must be gone At oncc,' exclaimed the baronet impatiently. 44 The papers-? Ah, yes, the papers ? I— will go and got them. 1 will go now,' re plied the captain, while every evil passion I that was engrained in hissordidjualur* showed ; itself distinctly and clearly in his diabolical countenance. He turned roond to leave the cell, and, had he fcucceeded in doing so, bis vindictive malice might have prevented him from re turning thereto, at all events in time to have b*en of anv service to poor Ruth. Rut Sir Harry Howarth laid hold of him with the exclamation : 41 Go for the papers 7 Nonsense I You have them with 3 on. Do yon forget that you told me bo just now ? These must be them sticking out of your coat pocket. Pray excuse me for helping myseii, ana pumng cue paoket torch as he spoke tbe baronet glanced at the endorse ment, saw that it was all right, and then turning to tbe turnkey, who had lingered all this while with the cell door, half-open, in bis hand, he said ; *? I am a free man, Jones, but nevertheless some formalities have to be goae through, so be kind enough to ask the governor if he will step this way.' The turnkey did as he was bidden, and in another minute the governor was there. In five more the papers had been shown, inspected, declared to be in proper form, etc., and the baronet and Jim Nuttall had quitted the cell prison together, while Captain Robert Leigh walked out of it just behind them, biting his thumb and fingtr nails as a simple handy method of giving vent to his spite aud spleen. Once out in the street, however, be masked his features and bis hate sufficiently to be able to confront the baronet with a bland smile and an outstretched hand, and to ex claim in oily and pcrsqasive accents : 44 1 wish you succesB — a certain and com f-lete success, My heart goes with yon, hough my legs will bear me another way* Alas, they have grown so old and tottery in the service of my king and country that they are past being of ubo to anyone except their impoverished owner. Good morning, dear Sir Harry. Success and happiness m. * V yours—both be yours. Good may botn - morning.' »*? thanks,' replied -? Good morning and man., ' *-# excite* tbe baronet, but ne was too fu.i '?». ment and of appreh* nsiou to say more, except an abrupt 44 Now , lead en my man,' I to Jim Nuttall as he gripped him by the I CHAPTER LXXXV. N AERATES HOW LADY HOWABTH WAS RESCUED lif 11ER UUSUAND AND THE I'INNEC. Jim Nuttall hadn't the slightest wish to linger on the way, for he was fearful of recognition and rc-arrcst. For the same reason he eschewed the main thoroughfares, and induced the baronet to cross tbe river by the wishing stones instead of by the bridge, though ground was rather lost than gained by the proceeding. When some five minutes later tbe baronet noticed in what direction they were proceed ing, he said to Nuttall : 44 We've turned up the bridle-road leading to Manchester. We are going towards Ghost Lane. What is this for ?' -4 Because we are going to the haunted nunnery,' replied the pinner shortly. 44 What ? 1b she there, then, after all ? Yet no, it cannot be I' Sir Harry uttered tbe first seven words in accents of surprise, but the Jast five words io tones of Inccrdulity, but Jim Nuttall made answer : 41 6he's there and yet a long way from there. 1 could even take you to her by a much shorter cnt, and without going near the nunnery at all, but then I've got to think of the best way of getting near her,' and perceiving that the old pioner was taking a kind of pleasure in being Sphinx like and mysterious, Sir Harry for bore from questioning him further. At last the gloomy and half- ruinous old house was reached, and fishing the front door key out of his breeches pocket tbe pinner hurriedly inserted it io the lock. A minute later they were inside the deserted mansioo, and the door was securely locked behind them. Then iNuttau ncavea a sigu 01 apparently 1 intense relief and satisfaction, thereafter exclaiming : ' Now if I'd bat a pot of strong old October ale, I'm blest if I wouldn't forestall my com ing fortune by giviug a guinea for it.' *4 You should have thought of the ale while coming along, and when twopence would have procured the very best,' said the baronet. ' Coming along I thought a deal too much about my thousand pounds to risk the loss of a single moment on tbe way, 'Taint much more than an hour ago that 1 cscaped from the watch, who were hauling me along in the direction of Packer-street and the Flying horse on the charge of trepaas, and 1 know not what else.' 41 Well, well, never mind about all that now. Take me a 8 quiok aa possible to my poor wife. That is to say if you really can,*' 44 Trust mc for that. Come along, and you eh«ll be with h'.:r In next to no time. 1 know of something that'H do the business finely, aud our four arms will bo none too lew to work it, either. It's that I've had in my mlnd^s eyes all the way along,' With this more than over Incomprehensible utterance the pinner led the way to the secret chamber, and pointed to tbe bole that may be said to have formed its only article of furniture, and the rope that hung adown it. 'Thatto the way, and I'm going down first in order to give you confidence. First, however, we want a lighted candle to orna ment cach of onr bats with, for you seo we muBt have our hands at liberty. There's one, and kindled in a second too, for (nine's a stunning flint and steel. Stick it In your hat band, and here goes number two in mine. Now, in another minute I'll be at tbe bottom of the bottomless hole, whiob isn't more than twenty jards deep at the most, and even part of that is above ground, and only in the thickness of the brick wall, and if there wasu't once an easier way of getting down it than there is at present, why I'm preciously mistaken.' The conclusion of this speech came up out of the apparent depth profound, and in a minute later Jim shouted up it : 44 Now then, here I be on what the schol lards call terry firmer once more. Don't be afeared, Sir Harry, for it's all plain sailing, and I'm holding the rope steady at the bottom.' 'All right,' responded the baronet, aud then down he went into the yawning gulf in turn, and directly he had landed on tbe earthen floor of the subterranean underneath he exclaimed 41 But where is she 7' ' Hell) me to carry this long plank,' re joined Nuttall, pointing to the one which Halcamus Greenwood had slid down the almost precipitous incline upon a former occasion which the reader will doubtless remember. 44 It's to ding down the door of her prison with,' he added 'for there are doors, aye, and strong ones too, even down here. If there hadn't been I'd have got at her and brought her out myself, for I'm very sure that I could have trusted to your honor's honor about the reward 7' , 44 Of course, you could,' responded the 1 baronet curtly, and then they went on aud on in silence, carrying the plank between them, until they reached the Templars' Chapel. ,4 Now that's the barrier that we have got to knock down,' said Jim Nuttall, pointing 1 towards the mildew and fungus covered door. | ' There is the keyhole which I spoke to her 1 and she answered me back through. It's to { be hoped that the binges and the staples arc corroded and rotten, for then a swing or two of this plank will about do the busincBS ; hut if they aren't, then we have some precious stiff work cut out for us.' ! 14 Speak to ber through the keyhole again, rejoined the baronet nervously. ,4 Tell her that you have come to rescue her, and not to be frightened at the noise that you're about to make.1' 14 Why don't yon tell her so yourself V* asked the pinner in considerable surprise. 14 Becausc I don't want her to know that I am here. There are matters between us— but there, there, yon need not be told about them — so I beseech you to do what I have asked of you without further question.' Jim Nuttall immediately complied by putting his mouth to tbe keyhole and shout ing through it ' Did vuu think I was never coming back? Well, here I be, two and a half hours later than 1 promised, bat I suppose it's belter late than never. I've got a mate witb me, and a big board, and the two of us are going to thump the door down, so please stand clear of it my gal— my lady I mean— for fear that it might fall inwards and give von au ugly knock.' In answer to these words of mingled com fort and warning there came from within a shrill cry of thankfulness and joy, which stimulated the two men to lay bold of the board again and commence swinging it, batteriug-ram fashion, against the door. Bang— bang — bang — it had little effect at first, and its wielders had begun to fear that it would have none, when suddenly, before a blow only a little more powerful than the preceding ones, the door snddenlv collapsed and fell crashing inwards, revealing in an instant of time the dumpy Norman pillars, I the low vaulted roof, and the sculptured I tombs with their hideous phosphorescent ; seeming trans parences of the Templars' Chapel. On tbe top of one of these monuments, and at the crossed feet of the stone knight who lay rccumbent thereon, twinkled an almost expiring fragment of candle, and standing beside it, with pallid face, parted lips, and wildly longing evos, was Ruth Howarth, leaning for support on the cold hard marble, than whioh ber countenance At the pitiful sight Sir Harry could re strain himself no longer, and with a glad cry he rasbed past the pinner and clasped her in his arms, cxclaiming the while 44 Ruth, my, wife, I know all and 1 forgive you 1 Your sUter Rose— Rose, I say, has explained everything, and convinced me that you were far more sinned against than sinning in everything that you either said or did. I am come to take yon home— yes. home— as well as, I hope, to comfort and to haDpiness.' ?'No, no,' wailed out Ruth, to his infinite surprise, 41 Home with you would mean Dame Dorothv over again — Dame Dorothv who murdered your first wife, and tempted your mad daughter to murder mc, your 1 secrmd, by telling her that 1 was a webr- ! wolf and ought to be killed. She was to feel for my heart against my naked side with one band and then thrust a bodkin or a scissors into it with the other. No, far rather would I remain and perish in this awful place than I would live in a palace if its roof also sheltered Dame. Dorothy.' 14 And yet what am 1 talking about ?' con tinued Ruth, passing the back of her hand across her eyes as though to oolleot ber scattered faculties. 44 What am I talking find thinking about 7 for the old bag— the deoeitful and murderous old hag — waB burnt to death In the north wing. Her Bkirt6 caught fire just as she was on the point oi murdering me, and with tbe same dagger *hat she slew your first wife with — the one thrust almost out of sight under that wan in bedroom — the the old oak hureu- ~*«ved figures all bureau with the hideous c-. ? ft . blood-stained. Ave, she boasted tbh. '. had done it, and oh, with what fiendish glee 7 But as sue is no more — m hug met bet well-deserved fate. I will go with thankfulness and joy, and I thank yon from mv hrart for forgiving end forgetting so much.' She took her husband's arm as she con cluded and he at once turned round towards Jim NnttaR, and perceiving from his wide open mouth and horror*tiilcd eyes that he bad overheard everything that Ruth bad so unguardedly uttered, he,unperceived by her, tupped his forehead significantly with the forefinger of his disengaged band, in order to intimate to the pinner that her sufferings had affected ber reason, though he didn't bc'.icve it for a single instant himself, or at all events he had jumped to tbe conclusion that there was 4 much reason in such madness,' as well aa that reason, pure and simple, would return to her almost as Boon aB she was in the midst of pleasant and cheerful surround ing'. As for the pinner, his thought took the exact impression the baronet bad hoped they would as the result of his quick, pantomimic action and muttering hnlf aloud 4 Poor lady, poor la-iy V he at onre began to rack his brains concerning the best and eaBiest method of retaining to the npper world. He knew that by no possibility would ; they be able to get the rescued girl up { through the reputed bottomless pit into the ! haunted nunnery, for the cope was not strong enough to bear two, and she -ce rtei^ly ipouid be incapable of climbing it alone. 1 But the trap-door leading up to thexipep's { hole, and the rained castle keep? Ah, that; was a very different matter, for it wasn't i more tban some eigut leec aoove tbe tsoor i of the subterranean passage, so that Sir : Harry could lift the Lady uo iu bis arms quite high enough for bim (Jim) to get a good firm grip of her from above, after he had ascended first and having palled her through the orifice he could next give the baronet some subBtautial assistance towards effecting tbe ascent also. Explaining the fact of their position and tbe deductions that be had drawn therefrom to Sir Harry, he cordially agreed with them, and tbe consequence was that they were carried most successfully into - fiict ; but as necessarily similar description of a twice recorded feat would assuredly be lacking in interest we need merely state hcr-j that, considerably under an honr from the time of ber being rescued out of Templars' Chapel, Lady Howarth was surrounded by every possible luxury and comfort at Lisbon Hall, he r husband's temporary abode, and that it was by that tine sufficiently evtdea that horror and Buffering bad nnit.hur robbed her of her reason nor even to any great ex* tent injured or impaired her health. CHAPTJEn LXXXV1. MOBT EXTRAOnDIN ABY BEVEL AT IONS ? A CONFESSION CONTAINED IN AN inON 8NOFF DOX, It can be every whit as easily imagined as described how, once together, mutual reve lations and explanations led up to an almost complete understanding between husband and wife. In the course of them Sir Harry declared that uame uorothy lion even tried to mako him believe that the ratafia efscucahad been obtained in order to poison lilm, and Ruth narrated how the diabolical housekeeper had prompted his innocent, half -willed daughter, twice in one night, to destroy her ; on tbe first occasion by setting fire to her fiklrtB, and on the second by thrusting a bodkin or scissors into her heart because she waB a wicked wehr-wolf who had destroyed her mother, and who, unless so disposed of, would crc long destroy her ; going on to describe how, at a later hour, the hag had followed her into tho north wing, and attempted there to despatch her herself, boasdng gleefully that she had disposed of her predecessor in like manner, when she had at laBtfeltasBurod that it was out of her (the narrator's) power to escape and tell the tale ; and how finally, at the last moment, a retributive Providence had meted out to her a death by fire through a caudle flame igniting her skirts in a very similar fashion, save for the intervention of | a living hand, as she had so fiendishly plotted with respect to her, and that this had 1 been the beginning of the conflagration which had almost destroyed tbe interior of Clegg Hall. Sir Harry listened and believed, and he would have done so even had not the calcined bones . which had been found in the ruins confirmed his young wife's talc. couple of hours had passed away a much more terrible and appalling proof- would be in bis possession of tbe Dame's malignity, and ber consrqacut crimes — aye, even further and fresh crimcs, which as yet he did not even suspect. But we must not anticipate. Leaving Ruth in charge of her old favorite, the cook, who was now housekeeper pro tcm. as well, and to whom he gave in structions that his wife and his daughter should not be allowed to come in contact with cach other until his Tcturn, the baronet departed with Jim Nuttall, who all this while had been feasting in the kitchen, for the old bouse in tho wood, in order to re quest Mr Radclille to hand the pinner over the thousand pounds reward, and also to assure him of the recovery and safety of his daughter. He found old John in a condition in which he could barely understand what was said to him, and Parson Dick's man still in close attendance upon him ; but Mrs Radcliffe, whom the gooi news excited until she was almost beside herself with joy, ushered Sir Harrv and his companion into the upBtairB chamber in which the corpse of nalcamns Greenwood still lay, begging tbe baronet to take espccial notice of it on her husband's behalf, and telling Jim Nuttall to take all the money that he could find, adding that most of it was probably still buried in the mattress, but that she could not enter the apartment again herself. Well, Jim Nuttall found every coio, and the baronet took note that every injury which the deceased had received had been from the fangs and claws of tbe dog. There too was his pistol ivtng close by, and clear indications that he had come in through the window, as the creeping plants were all broken, and there was garden soil on the top of the leaden porch, on the floor of tbe room, and on his boots, So Sir Harry assured Mrs Radcliffe on rejoining b-;r. jd6t ae Parson Bellos had done, that her husband had nothing to fear as the result of an inquest or of any other legal proceedings, aud then set off again for Lisbon Hall, on tbe doorstep of that ' man sion of the superb view' finding a man awaiting him who had an old iron snuff-box in his hand which was evidently blackened by the action of fire, and which he tendered to the baronet saying : 41 This was found in the ruins of the house keeper's room at Olegg Hall, Sir Harry, and if the fire had raged but a little more fariously thern its contents would have beeD destroyed. Some of us read what's inside, which perhaps was wrong, bnt we hope you'll excuse it, because if we hadn't done so we might have pitched the old thing away as being only a bit of useless rubbish ; but murder will out they say, and we think you'll be able to make a murder out of what's in there juBt as clearly as we have done.' So Sir Harry took the blackened iron (or for that matter it might once have been brass) snuff-box into his private study, and locked the door to guard against interrup tion, and then opening it discovered some lightly folded up straps of paper, which had evidently once b^en the leaves of a small account book, for there were the money columns ruled in red ink. The heat had turned the paper brown, and be had to finger it very carefully lest it should crumble away in his touch. The writing, however, was clearly legible, and ran as follows, in a series of discon nected sentences that had evidently been writi--n 00 many and divers occasions, '? He has married a barefooted beggar's wench, and he ha? put her over mc, and I have to obey and call her 4 my lady,' 1 who have 1 ecn as good as mistress here for years, and who was fool enough to hope that one day I would be the mistress.' 44 He tires of her — aye already— in a few* months. The wine cup is more winsome to bim than her beauty. He would give as much to be rid of her as six months ago he would have given to win ber, and ehe, tbe fool, is jealous of me— of mc who am almost { old enough to be her mother, though still a baudsome woman, or at least there are many 1 who say so. She treats me like dirt because of it, but perhaps she will become dirt the first.' '? The beggar's wench has said to me what I will never look over or forgive. Thank heaven my master could do better without her than without me. 1 am bis right hand, ! she only a beautiful picture or iniu^e. Bah. .Uu how Bipfc of her he has become, and she itill lays all the fault of it at my door. Well I should feel complimented at that, or in truth be has never treated me as any - ither tban a useful old woman, Old Mas raly forty-five, and my figure is a perfect j me. l'ffi BQre m-v skin i& still as white as I nilk a£d pfflOOLh as satin where it hasn't jeen exposed to , 44 She has insulted me again. Sbe shall die for it. Her death would be a relief to aim, and a joy to we,' » 1 hate Jjer niope than eyeri ten times more than ever.' I ljate he? $0 n^ch that I hate her innocent child for bejng so like her,' ?- At last, at last 1 triumph, 1 have killed ber- andj better still, 1 was able to' whisper my hate into hpr ear before I did it. The world will think that after thftt incident on tbe stairs ehe destroyed herself through an insane jealousy of me. Her busbaod thinks it already. Eveu the doctors don't suspect any other. She has to be buried in un blessed ground like a bruto biait. My cup of jov is full.' '? Her daughter grows yearly more like ben Tho little minx already begins to order me about, Bbe looks at «ne witb her mother's eyes. 1 hate her too, and 1 will gratify my bate by winning ber love and driving her mad. Her fathc&ls; much away. Tbe horrors of the north wing are bandy. 1 know some ghastly taleSi too. Tee, I will driv-! her mad.' /' He bus brought me another mislrcs?. yes, after {.U theso years be has brought mo another mistress. Again a girl, and again I have to give np my Jceyp and rale. Once more I am a very menial. Ph, I bale her no much as ? did the other, and J. will }5c ayenged on her also. I shall die the mistress of Olegg Hall or J shall die mad mod ^hro.ggb disappointment and spite. 1 wonder srhf'ber \ Am at all mad as it is? Well, no matter I wjll mai with a method at nil events till I biye settled also with her.' ' 1 6ball settle with her this very nl/ht, and as my own time can't be far off I will kavc bim this rccord as a legacy.' This was all, but it caine as a full elnolda t;ou and ckaring up of the mystery whieb Ruth's story bad only in part unravelled. 44 One tay she shall know of it,' he muttered lo himself, '4 but at tbe present her nerves are not strong enough to bear it,' He then locked the bax i.nd iis restored fioowiis carefully awaj , and went to see his a&iotcd; daughter, [Io SS OOIWP DfP Sfiif ^CBDAY.J 