AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. ' 'IN M1ZZOUBA.' John Godfrey Saxe, . in ' rollicking, jingling verso, telis us— - Tom Goodwin was an actor man. Old Drnry'.s pride and *-oast, - . In nil tbc light auu «prighlly puts— Kspecially the Ghost. For John read Nat,' and for tbo rest o! the poem read it not at all, for it does not apply to .Mr. Nat Goodwin, whom wo saw with tho rest _ of his well-constituted company, con vulsing a large and laughing house at the Theatre Itoyal on Saturday night. We have yet to see this self-restrained, clover comedian, in a rdle moro calculated to display the depth of his nature, and to say in tho words of Saxe, as applied to tlw other Goodwin, whether ho will moro than l)o |Kt naps in heavy parts ' Might answer for a Monk, Or porter to an elepbint To carry round ins trunk. But wo feel fully confident that ho will sustain his reputation 'mado in America' ' and elsewhere. As for 'Iu Muzoura' wo aro very much obliged to Mr. AugustuBThomas for giving it us— it waa very nice of him ; its ingrcdionts aro fun, rusticity, quaiulneja, .and dry humour, care fully mixed. As a literary production the piaco is not up to much, but as a euro for indigestion, hypochondria, and a sluggish liver it is better than any patent nostrum we 'know of. Tho hpuso showed a hearty appreciation of the ragged sentimont, rough and ready manners, liomo-tuado grammar, and quaint vernacular of those simple American folk of the Mi&sourian; village— it was delightfully 110vol. anil called to mind some of Bret Harte's beautiful idyls aa woll as James Russell Lowell's and Colonel Hay's vernacular poems. As wegayo tho plot of thin dimple story of homely life in tho south-wostern section of tho United States of Ainoriea on Saturday wo noed not refer to it again. - Tho homeliness and tho geainencss arc attractive, for therein the company played with a thoroughness which we: look for as a matter of eourso from an American company after tho convincing experienco of ' Gtnnatown.' Tho curtain roso upon tho homely room of tho village black smith, big, burly Jo Vonion, almost tho living presentment of Longfellow's description of his humble hero — Thi- smith a mighty man wan ho, With btoad and sinewy bands, The niiticlw --l liu bnwny arms StOJ»l out like iron b:;niU. And when this modern son of Vnlcau, in the ponton of Mr. Clarence Handysido, came into the living-room from the smithy, colossal, big, bearded, handsome, grimy, and good humoured the houso gave him a rccular '* ho.il feilow-well-inot' reception, and enjoyed his dry, doliboratv, quaint speech, as tndcod it did that of the othors— thoy all talk as to the nasal manner born. Tho dwelling was a capital rustic interior, only differing but slightly from Lowell's description of Huldah's kitchen. A fireplace filled tho room's one side With half a cord of wood in— There warn't no stores (till comfort died) T«» bake ye to a puddin'. Fur there was a stove, and good, energetic, bustling Mw. Jo Vernon — wo liko that sharp - voiced matron, ? although shj did boa.4 the whole household with a tonguo of leather liko a whiplash— btuied hersolf .with her irons at it. Tho qnaiut Pike County dialect, crisp, curt, and drawling, fitted tho room and the accessories liko tho rough bark on a peach-troe and tickled the oars of the audience With tho customary complete absence of ceremony characteristic of their class tlio iioople dropped in. Colonol Bol linger, with his arms on thu sill, talked politics from outsido through the window, and tlio others 'jest kinder lounged around,' so to 8i-eak, in a fcikiiujlv unembarrassed fashion. When Mr. Nat C. Goodwin, as Jim Radburn, came and lounged against the doorpost with a dry, quiet greeting, he received^ an ovation from the audionce, nut, liko Mr. Kyrlo Bcllcw, who never sjwila tho illusion by moro than an almost imperceptible acknowledgment, ho not for a second stepped out of his character, which is a good trait. All through ho ptayed his part with tho ease and naturalness of a man completely identified with tho character. Quiot, intense, dry, matter-of- fact, and wholly, tho plain, rough diamond of a fellow ho repre sented, ho showed Limsolf tho coraodian ho claims to bd. A man with a leas generous grasp of mind might bavo m^du it Darrollian, melodramatic, a gallery bora, with blood - aml-thundcr business; out ho doea not for which dispensation mnch thanks. . We ? will have an opportunity of gauging his quality in butter situations, we hope, because, interesting Htutly as it is, the rdlo of Jim Radburn is not so iisychological as to call forth Mr. Goodwin's fullest capabilities. Jim Radburn is true grit, 'but tne woinun bo lovos, Kato Venion, who reiects him for tho Hash scouudrcl, Robart fravcrs. seems at first that contemp iibio croaturo a f&malo; snob; she has been educated at Jim's expenso, although, to do her justice, she docs not know it, and she despises her lintnblc parents, thoir home, and their appropriate associations. But Jim loves her; toiiim ? The very room, coz she was iu. Seemed warm from fioor to cielin'. Tliu itido she breshed seemed full o' J-in ' ; Kx a south slope iu Ap'il. . '? Miss Maximo Elliott, a stately, statucsquo, beautiful woman of the brunette type, with groat, wonderful eyes full of expression, and a clear, fluteliku vo:co, was a cut above tho character, too queonly, though not too splendidly proportioned, to bo tho daughter of that handsome, homely Titan, Jo Vernon. and the sister of &lovonly;, ^7ea^f^l, lacklustro 'Lisboth. ' Her octii'.g and posing as Kate Vernon were wull in accordance with what seemed to be her conception of the character, but .the looked like Lady Macbeth in a labourer'* hut, asd aecmod designed for hotter thing.). However, this mado the contrast singularly striking-. From tho timo she ioiwrod around nnd hindered her busy ' maw,1 wuariedly drawled out her sentences, and droppud inertly into the rocker, only to be unceremoniously tipped' ' out by - her lierculwtii father, tnc slatternly Lisboth (.Sriss; Ethel Browning) found full favour with tho whole houso. They began by chuckling aad ended by laughing unre strainedly; sue was irresistible — funny as thoy muke 'era without auctfurt— and her love passages with tho great gawky, lautorn-jawed Dave, a workman, admirably impersonated by Mr. Louis Payuc, induced a wag in tho dross circle to send a raRuago tliat 'if 'Lisbeth will tlirow over D.ivo I'll marry her myself.' Davewu.% tho yory cauutorpart ot Jim Rad burn, who was' - Sit f«ot of man, Al, Clean grit and human natur', None couldn't quicker pitch a ton, Nor drora furrer -traigbur— but he convoyed a good idea of thehardworking Piko countryman aa wo have heard of him. 31is3 Estbllo Mortimer, as Mrs. Jo Vernon, was, in her clean, tidy, housowifoly; tcrma gapt, yet motherly, way, as entertaining as Mis3 Browning; and Miss Gertrude Elliott made a pleaaingEm'ly Radburn. She looked a picture in her rustic garb in the dooryard of Jo's pretty place. Twos kiad o' kingdoms eorae to look Ou aech a blesse I cretar: . A. Hog ros* blushin' to the brook, ' ? Ain't modester nor tweeter— some of her adiniren seemed to think. When we say that the company is well balanced we say sooth; they played with a will, and there wimiot a stick among them.' Mr. W. Ingcr .-o!l made a gentlemanly scamp of Robert Traver?, neither underrating nor overdoing his part; Mr. Noil 0'Brieu was cast as Bill Sarber, Mr. Arthur iloap3 as Sam Fowler, Mr. Louis Payne' as Dav*?. Mr. L. E. Wood tbor'po as E3rain, Mr. H. Lcwih as Kelly, and Mr. .O, Cronin as CaL There : aro several olk-ctivo sitaitions, almost strong onough to lift the Bcaii-comcdv to the level of a legitimato draaia, viz., -rbore Mrs. Vernon, an a mother, oppo.*--* tba headstrong Kate, and bars with her partly p;rson the door through which sho seeks to cscapo to her desperate lover; where that lover, escaping from - the dotoctivo whom he .has shot, rushes into Veraon's hoase, and w, with . noble maga&nimit; v, allowed by Jim Radburn to escape on his own horse for love of Kate, and where Radburn, with grim determination and marvellous ooolaesa, confronts the angry mob, ooau to lynch him for letting to* fellow escape. In this scene Mr. Goodwin sustained tho trying situation with a simplo fearlessness and subdued power that indicated him as an actor of keen judgment and artistic feeling. The mounting was deserving of the highest commendation, so well in keeping and so artful in detail. . In tho second act there was a most realistic representation of a blacksmith's bliop and tho work therein, even to the actual heat ing, cutting, knd shutting of a tireand putting it on the wheel. The homo and dooryard of Jim Radburn s place was one of the prettiest rural representations in scemo effect on tho stage that wo havo seen for some time ; it was abroad and expansive landscape picture of much merit. 'In Mizzoura' has caught on. 