Ringing the Changes, AN AUSTRALIAN H0118B PABTOB.AL. By 0. H. S, Onr steaming Sunday morning, wo was riding slowly down— That's mo nnil Joo from Walwa— to Tarloola itii tho ohnpol boll was ringing, M wooloaroil (ho bit o( Borub Tint bounds tlio parson's paddook, At llio lack ol lllloy's pub, Wo hadn't got a doonar', and wo'ro anxious liefo to stale Wo'd bronk no Sunday liquor laws— whilst lllioy kept a alato. Thla lllioy soomod obliging, till ho montlonod Jo«'d a bill That ulrutalicu Instead ol shrinking up and i.otUlna In his till. Bo Joo to head him oil talks horse, and, Blvlnt! mo ft wink, Buys, ' lllioy, whnt was you boforo you took to uolling drink ? 1'vo hoard ns bow you used to own a ringing good old gray : Tbo Badger, qulto a ohamplon In tho Bloopto chasing way,' Flret ltiloy wrinkles up his lips, halt whistles, thon lie Bpoko 1 ''TIs a voi-y Under toplo, bhoys) that gray horso sint mo broke. But tako a nobblor to his name, and while I toll tho Into, Just wish with ino them Gotllla oovea was doing time In gaol I I lost him In a kind of flood | perhaps that b tho reason why, Whon Budgor's nuino Ib montlonod now, I'm always fouling dbry.' 'I never was a silver tall what goea for full and flash, I'm modest llko, espoolally whon I am out for As most 'id know old llftdgo could win tho Goullu Slcoplochase, I didn't gua us how I mount to start him In Mot muoh I I JUBt forgets blra sllok and in an absont way, IIo's entered ' Jonkln'g brown, The Vox,1 and exits Hiloy's grey.' II When a covo has tnkon lessons In a baok block galling sohool, Ho Isn't too pnrtlo'lar when ho wants to scoop the pool ; And aa I want's a monto what should cop tbo maximum, By wire thoy gets an ontry for Tbo Flfer i whow 1 a plum. Tho liandleapper ho foil In, and Booka him up A protty poultice, 14 Btono | Tho Fox geta 10 stone H. ' 11 Well, bhoya, yo know what color is, grey's always groy, brown ain't, liut It Isn't hard to ohango 'em It your lnindy with tho (mint. J'd got my dollars on Tho Fox, tho pot was pretty warm — It somehow starts a-coollng when swish I comes a thunderstorm, Tho field was at tho starting post ; what prico tho rain 1 by cripes I Tho Fox wanta brushing up again -he's coming out in sthrlpcs 1' ' I twigs a transformation Bcono about hla till' and inano, As wo waited for the flag to fall amidst that pourin' rain ; At last we'ro oil. Tho courso waa shtlff ami 'fore wo got onco round, A dlvil's dozen of 'em found they'd business . with the ground ; .Hut two stood up : Tha Fox. hard hold, tho Doctor'n ohextnut led, But 'bout a mllo or so from homo the landed on her hoad. ' 'As he's winning in a cantor then, Tho Fox takos off too close, And followin' tho proscription ho nearly got hlsdoso) Don't umka no odds tho stumble, there's whips of tliuo to spare, Tho Fox wins very easy by a furlong from tbo mure, Why does tho Doctor protest ? What's that tho darned judge snys, Number U is Jonkln'a brown ; there ain't no zebra greys 1' 'The hand played then. Bomo swears Its llailge. I asks tho bloomin' Doe. If folks don't sometimes llnd their hair gono plobnld through a shock. ? 'Tis ruro,' says ho ; Buys I, ? Tho Kox is timid, Mmy Beared, go Jenkln'H Hays all them thundering talla have frightened him white-haired I I Bworo tho Uadgur's dead thrco months. 1 Quite so ? thoy suys ' ho'u tfynl,' Tho ehcHtnut maro b)io got tho stakes and I'm disqualified. 11 To suvo my skin and got away I paid up every dobt, And bad to glvo tho Doo, my horso to squaro a llf ty hot ; And In return ho whispers, mo, ? Them wntcr colours spoil,' And painting* last far longor whon the artist takes on oil,' ' I'vo balanced up hla winnings alnoo, though no moid mokes I dyed, I bleached a bay to creamy with bouio ahtuff call ? peroxide,' 'Tin imula they Hay from bullook'a aklna-I duiino. Next year I won the Doctor's dollars, though— my word —1 cost him dear, llo'd got the lladger right ngaln and buekod him for a pile, But though I wasn't on tho spot, I did him up In style. Ho don't know yot tho yellow horso, that boat him an tho post, Was thank's to that thoro Btuff a orack bay Bteoplcohasor's ghost,' That's how I got tho oflico, If In Tarloola town, Your parching for n nobbier and no coin to plank down, Call around on lllioy and aak him for this tulo, Bympathlso ilisorootly, and you'll got It by tbo pall, ? linansr, n shilling. ... no—' I fool llko n fool to-night.' She— ?' Why to- night?' Ambiguous: Sho— 'And would you have loved mo just as muoh without my niondy ?' Ho—' Just as muoh, my darling.'' ' Do you think you could oat another ploco of pie, Tommy V' ' I think I oould, ma'am, If I stood up.' In' Chicago! Undertaker— 'Here, this won't do; whero la tbo sixth pallboaror?' ' Ho la— or— that 1b, bo Ib proposing to tho widow,' , ' Tho best provontlvo for BoasloknoaB,' says tho Munuyiiuk J'Ulloiopher, 'la to ollmb a tall troa and utay thoro till tho voyago Is over.' ',' Well, I swam I' said tho oat on tho baok fenoo, as a ahowor of boota oame hla way; 'that follow must think I'vo boon getting imirrlsd.' ??' ? Hoax — ' Docs Billloua know unytlilng about muslo?' Joax— ' Not ho doesn't know tbo dlltoronco hutween a string orabostra and a rubber band.' ' I think It Is moan of you to say that tho count la good tor nothing.'1 ' Well, I aupposo If you ever go to Purls ho will ootuo In handy M an intornrotor.' 