CHAPTER XXIV. A Midnight Visitor. Like a man in a dream, I walked with un- steady footsteps down the avenue, through the shrubbery, and across the park to the cot- tage. I had forgotten my latchkey, and the servant who answered my ring welcomed me with a little cry of relief. "John was just a coming up to the house, for you, sir," she exclaimed, shutting the door again. "There's a strange woman wants to see you most particular. She's been here more than an hour, a fretting ever so be- cause you wasn't here." "Where is she?" I asked. "In your study, sir. I see'd as there was nothink about as she could lay 'er 'ands on before I let her in." I had no doubt but that it was the wife of one of the tenants on the estate, though why she should choose such a strange time for her visit I could not imagine. But when I walk- ed into tho study I saw at once that she was a stranger to me. And yet, no. I had seen her face before somewhere. She rose nervously when I entered, and pulled her shawl closer around her. "You'll excuse" the liberty I've taken in coming, sir," she began, hurriedly. "I 'a come to do yer a service. You doant seem to recollect me. I'm John Hilton's wife; him as you comed to see t'other week." I recognised her at once, and became more interested. "You see, sir, it's like this," she went on. "My Jack, he's had one o' his drinking fits on, and he's always mortal mischievous af- ter one of 'em. He seems to 'a got a power- ful sort o' a grudge agin you, and there's that piece o' paper as you wrote out, and he put 'is name to. He says as 'ow he might get lag- ged for that if you showed it." "Well, has he sent you to try and get it away again?" I asked. "Not he! If he know'd as I'd come 'ere at all he'd half kill me." "Well, what is it, then?" I asked "Well, it's just like this," she answered, slowly; "he's a coming himself to try and get it back agin." "Indeed! And when may I expect him?" I inquired, becoming suddenly interested. "To-night." I leaned back in my chair, and laughed dryly. The woman must be mad. '"Tain't no laughing matter, master," she said, sullenly. "You'd a laughed t'other side o' your mouth, I can tell 'ee, if I hadn' a chosen ter come and tell 'ee. He ain't a' coming to ask you for it. He's a coming to take it, and to pay yer back something as yer gave 'im at our cottage--him and a mate." I began to see what it all meant now, and to understand why the woman had come. "And you've come here to put me on my guard, is that it?" I remarked. "Yes. Yer gave me money when I was starving, and I felt sort 'er grateful. And when I 'eard them two blackguards a plan- ning how they'd settle you I thought as they just shouldn't. If you puts a bullet in that 'long Jem, which is my man's pal, I shall thank yer for it. Jack's bad enough, special- ly when he's just getting round from a spell o' drinking, which he is now; but he's a sight worse. Cuss him. He's always a leading my Jack into something." "What time are they coming?" I asked, thoughtfully. "I 'eerd 'em say as they'd meet at Cop't Oak, which is a mile from here, as soon as it were dark, and hide until you was all a-gone to bed. I'm mortal afeard of their seeing me, although I shall go 'ome t'other way." I pressed her to stay at the cottage for the night, but she stubbornly refused. Her Jack would kill her if he found out that she had been here, she declared. But before she went I made her drink a glass of wine, and fill her pockets with the bread and food which I had ordered in. This promised to be an exciting night for me altogether, I thought, as I drew out my revolver from the cupboard and carefully loaded it. I was not inclined altogether to believe or altogether to disbelieve this woman's story, but at any rate there was no harm in being prepared. If I had gone to bed, there would have been little sleep for me with my head still throbbing with the vivid recollection of that terrible scene in the picture gallery. I dared not think of it, I dared not let my thoughts dwell for an instant on the inevitable consequences of what had happened. The excitement of what might shortly take place kept me from the full sickening realisation of the change which that evening's events must make in my life, but underneath it all there was a dull, aching pain in my heart, for had I not lost Maud? Presently Marian and Mr. Holdern arrived. I had forgotten their very existence, and di- rectly the latter had taken his leave Marian was full of eager, agitated questions. Why had I left so suddenly? Had I quarrelled with Sir Francis Devereux? What did it all mean? Maud had gone to her room with white face and looking like a ghost, and Lady Olive had not again entered the dancing room. Sir Francis had apologised to his guests with thc agitation of one who had re- ceived a great shock, and Rupert Devereux none of them had seen again; and I was mix- ed up in it. What did it all mean? She threw herself into my arms, and when I saw the gathering tears in her soft grey eyes, and her anxious, troubled look, I shrunk from the task before me. "Not now, Marian; I will tell you to-mor- row; wait until then," I begged. But she would not wait. Then, with a great effort, I braced myself up, and told her everything. She listened with ever-growing astonishment, and when I had finished she slipped down from my knee and sank upon the hearthrug. "Poor papa!" she sobbed. "No wonder you hate that Rupert! Beast! Oh, Hugh, Hugh, why could yon not tell me before? I ought to have known," she added reproachfully. "It could have done no good," I answered. A wave of sudden anxiety passed across her face. "Oh, Hugh!" she sobbed. "Char--Mr. Hold--" "Mr. Holdem knows all about it," I inter- rupted. "I thought it right to tell him when he asked me for you." A great relief brightened her face, and she smiled through her tears. Even a woman is selfish when she is in love. "I am glad he knows," she whispered, look- ing into the fire. "How strange it all seems! Why our name is Devereux; you will be Sir Hugh Devereux. Why, Hugh, Devereux Court will be yours some day." "Never!" I answered, firmly; "until Sir Francis asks my father's pardon, and receives him as a son, I shall never take the name of Devereux or enter the Court. I have sworn it, Marian." "And it was noble of you to swear It, Hugh," she whispered, coming over and kiss- ing me. "They say truth always comes out some time or other. Perhaps this will all come right some day." "For our father's sake, pray that it may do, Marian dear," I answered, gravely. "And now run along to bed, I have some writing to do." She lingered by my side. "Hugh, what are you going to do now? You will leave here, I suppose?" "I must, Marian. Unless Sir Francis de- sires otherwise, I shall remain here until he hais found some one else to take my place, though, but it will be as Hugh Arbuthnot, his agent, only, and into Devereux Court I will not go again. It will be well for Rupert Devereux, too, that he keeps out of my way," I added to myself. "When does Mr. Holdern want to marry you, Marian?" I asked her suddenly, changing. the subject. She blushed up to her eyes, and looked at me half pleased, half reproachfully. "Hugh! How could you ask me like that? I--I don't quite know." "Because you'll have to go away with me, you know," I continued. "I can't leave you behind." She looked serious enough now. "Of course you can't, Hugh; I don't think I ought to leave you at all. You'll be alone if I do, with no one to look after you." I pretended to look serious, as though con- sidering the matter, but her piteous expres- sion and quivering lips were irresistible, and I broke into a reassuring laugh. "Not I, Marian! It is the best thing that could possibly have happened. When I have no longer you to look after I shall go abroad wherever our father is and share his lot. Country life is beginning to get wearisome to me. I was meant to be a soldier, I think. Now, Marian, you must really go to bed. I want to be alone." It was past twelve, and I was beginning to get anxious. But she still lingered for a moment. "Hugh, I had almost forgotten, I have something for you, and a message." I bent over my desk, lest she should see the light which sprung into my face. I did not wish even Marian to know my secret. "What is it?" I asked. "Be quick." "Why, she came to me like I've never seen her before, as lifeless and sorrowful as any- thing, and said, 'Tell your brother that I think he is behaving nobly, and that I hope we shall always be friends." "She said that!" I exclaimed, starting round, "Maud said that!" My sister looked at me amazed. "Maud! I didn't say anything about Maud! She didn't even speak to me. It was Lady Olive, and she sent you this." I stretched out my hand for the gold-topped cut-glass little smelling salts, which Marian was holding out for me and laid it down be- fore me. Disappointed though I was, it was a kindly act of Lady Olive's, and I was just in that mood when a man appreciates such a one. For a moment or two I felt very ten- derly towards Lady Olive; for, reckless little flirt though she was, she was generous and warm-hearted, or she would never have done this. "It is very kind of her," I said, huskily. "Good night, Marian!" (To be continued.) 