Stenograms. By "Allegretto." A friend of mine remarked to me the other day, as three ladles mounted on bicycles flashed past us that when bicycles became more common there would be less pride -In the facps of the falr r~blcycllets^jind that a large.portion of their present enjoyment arose from the consciousness of being in the van of pro-' gresa. I of course could not lose the opportunity of pointing out that the feel ing .of being in a van of any kind could hardly be considered one of gratified pride, and that the van-metaphor rather weakened than emphasised the elation produced by bicycle locomotion. Never theless I thought afterwards that there might be some truth in his remark. It was quite true that there was a strong expression of pride in the faces of these lady- revolutionists tha.t was quite apart from the pleasure of rapid locomotion. They had the evident consciousness that they were going ahead —not only as re gards space, but relatively to other per sons. In the expression noted there was even a shade of contempt for pedestrians as for people behind the time. There was that consciousness of being in the latest fashion which is chiefly enjoyable from a eenee-ef contrast with those who are still in the gall of hackneyedness and the ixmd. of antiquity. If this description is correct, it is time that these ladies and their congeners were undeceived. The use of the bicycle by - ladles is by no means so fresh an innovation as they seem to suppose. They are merely fol lowing, a long way off, in the wake of the ladies of .Morocco, or a select section of them, to-whom the bicycle'was known, , and by whom it was used, over a dozen years ago. If they refuse to give credence to my statement, perhaps .they may be im pressed if I give a few particulars. I have often noticed that what is treated at first as a lie is accepted as truth when the liar supplements his state ment with a quantity of detail. Per haps it may be the same when a person is telling the truth. Well, it so happened that about the time mentioned th 9 Frendi Government presented the Sul tan of Morocco with a bicycle. The Sultan, of course, could make no use of it himself without undergoing a long and humiliating apprenticeship, which would have degraded him in the eyea of his Court, and as no other man could be allowed to use the Sultan's bicycle he set his Imperial mind to work on the problem of how to utilise the machine. Now, when a tyrant directs his mortal energies to a question of utility, the first aspect of the subject which presents it self Is utility for punishment. In a flash the SuHanlc mind (that Is very nearly the right -adjective) recognised how the bicycle could be made to supply a, long - felt want, and the first time a row broke out among the ladies of his harem he put his idea into practice. An inquiry was held into the causes and develop ments of the rowr and the delinquents were ranged in the order of their guilt. The one with the smallest degree of criminality was then mounted on the bicycle and made to ride round the court yard In presence of the Sultan and' Ms Court, five falls being awarded as the punishment of her offence. The next in degree of guilt was then started off with a- sentence of ten falls, and so on till the fifth and last had paid the penalty of twenty-five "busters," when the re mains of the five were gathered together and bundled back to the harem. From that day forward the bicycle became the recognised'instrument of punishment for recalcitrant sultanas, until some half-a-dozen of the most hardened offenders, having been almost dally under punishment, not only acquired a liking for the bicycle but became ex pert in its use, and sometimes even for got to gammon to fall off, thus wearying out the patience of the Sultan, whose fun consisted in counting the spills. And so at length the bicycle was locked away until these experts would be passee enough to be sent to the market, and give place to fresh recruits, for whose breaking In the machine would again be brought Into requisition. I trust I have proved my point. ' : . The, Tfut-gtfherer is the .same hide bound, bard-hear ted, <4u»rea*tming huMan mechanism all the world over. It will be remembered that, under the incidence of our Meat and Dairy Assessment Act last year or the year before, working bul locks were classed indiscriminately with deep-uddered kipe as " dairy cattle," and levied upon <as such for purposes of the Fund. Quite on all fours with that classification we find the Commissioners of Income Tax In Hampshire, England, deciding thit a breeder of ponies was either a •' dealer in cattle" or a " seller of milk"; they didn't seem to care which, but graciously permitted the man to pay his money :ind take his choice. "You «cc, mum," said a railway porter lor.? ago in "Punch," explaining the com pany's tariff to a lady travelling witn her domestic menagerie, " cats is dogs, and parrots is dogs, but a tortoise is a hlnsecU" ... ... Apropos of "ihinsects," a lively nttle paragraph comes by last mall all the ■way from Johannesburg. Sir Jacobus de Wet was the British Agent sent up . to report upon, the arrest and detention in prison of the Johiannesburgers who had formed the Reform Committee to assist Jameson, and •as he. (Sir. Jacobus) tfeemed inclined to "think the prisoners :Were tolerably.' well treated, :it waa thought" ■ desirable- to stimulate his imagination arid Ms sympathies in the npjattcjr; .Accordingly, "as he was bring ing one of his visits of inspection to a close, an expert and fearless member of •the committee captured from the walls , of the cell a baker's dozen of the Insect that loves not Keating. They were full blooded and agile specimens, and he suc ceeded in dexterously planting them in divers places over the immaculate and comfortable person of the British Agent. As Sir Jacobus was taking his leave— ' Pardon me, sir ; I observe upon your sleeve . Allow me to remove It. A little bit of fluff. Dear me, but they have actually oolonised your whole person ! So sorry that you should suffer such Inconveniences in the prosecution of your official duties !'" An Insect of even a " baker's dozen" of them may not be formidable factors In' the settle ment of great questions of State ; never theless it is not improbable that Sir Jacobus's' despatches home were so in- Huended by this little incident as to evoke Mr. Chamberlain's straight talk to Paul Kruger and the Transvaal people*. I am not going to.quote the oft adver tised quotation from Tennyson to the effect that " I never loved a dear gazelle," Ac, but will merely mention that " them's my sentiments," as the tired sailor observed each night as he cast his eye at the printed prayer nailed on the head of his bunk. The last "dear gazelle" that has died for me 1b the sup position that the sculptor sculped his great works single-handed, that he toil somely earned fame by the sweat of his brow, mallet* and chisel in hand, as he laboriously chipped the fragments of marble from the native block and by slow degrees formed beauty out of the commonplace. Now I find that the sculp tor has, precious little to do with the rough work of his profession ; it is the humble "ghost" Who does the weary chipping away of the one-third of the marble block which Is wasted In form ing a sculptured figure. The truth has been brought out by the curiosity of some London journalist, stimulated by a great statue of her Majesty hewn out of a block of marble weighing eleven tons ostensibly by Mr. Hamo Thorny croft. Mr. Thornycroft did not do the hewing at all.; that part of the work was performed by his" " ghost," who. keeping his eye on a clay model, chopped away at the eleven-ton block until it .bore a rough resemblance to the human form divine. When -he had completed his share of the business there was still a surplus " skin" of ha!f-an-inch in thickness all over the figure. Then the great sculptor took up the tools, and with a masterly hand scratched and gouged until the statue stood forth In all its beauty, the counterfeit present ment of the First L<ady of England. The modern sculptor may «till claim credit for the design and the final touches ; but my idea* of sculpture,have suffered a sea change. 