It came doubtless as a pleasing surprise to our respected townsman, Sergeant Beck, yesterday afternoon, when he was • informed by a representative of the OBSEEVEE, that he had been promoted to the rank of first-class sergeant No departmental information to that effect had been received by our sergeant, but nevertheless we are pleased to know that such intelligence is,true.- And in announcing it wc are assiu-ed that there is no officer in the department more worthy of the exaltation. To say that Sergeant " B<kk has pro veil imself a faithful and capable officer of the department is but acknowledging .the least of his qualifications. 'As a feSow townsman we have nothing but good to say of him, but as a public officer he has not. only done honor to,thc department, but also proved himself a credit to the community. Onr sergeant is an' old officer of the police department, and during a, long -service has been : not one whit behind the most energetic, in carrying out his -responsible duties. Sergeant Beck, we may meutjon, has been in charge of 6tatipns since he was twenty years of age, when be was placed in charge of die Hoe district in South. Gippsland. years later he was promoted to the rank of Senior-constable in the same distript: While .-tilere -he followed and anested two brothers named Shaaks for stickingnp'ihtMoc'brim^^ot the AuBtra1«wa, ynd fleeted home many crimes, to all classes jot • wityinala' He was next placed in charge of Maffra, in the same dis; fafctj - Md remainedJthece' for four yearg.' Hiere also he 'proved a . • jtiost ..successful officer. Fromihenoche .mas ".transferred to the jhaiEe"pfNnmnrtB ajid Ki1m'mciBtaHqps. : ®com flie latto-^lace he JWBS aemoved jtothe. tSaage cf^ie Golac Astrjct, in!888, iwhos he remained anta comu^ $o Ky;ictpn,°s maymention faesaooeededinconncbng-B-man of a heinous joffence, committBailfeome'lSrelrg pnHIc ^f^jihMri^iteetter^lyv^) ojijjp. ' ' \ ^ his. fn^euned-joo-. mdtion. 1 % Yesterday was operating day at the hospital. Alexander M'Pherson, 68 years of age, tromthe Terricks,was operated upon for a painful internal ailment Charles Coombs, of Lanoefldd, 38 years of age, was treated for An. entertainment was held at Gisborne yesterday in aid of the Snnbuiy Home Mission Fund (Wesleyan). It was to have been held in the gardens, but owing to the ground bong too damp it was decided to hold it in the Mechanics.' Mr Wood worth opened the entertainment in the absence of MrStaughton, JLLA. and a lengthy programme was submitted. The contributors included the Kyneton Temperance Band, Misses Johnson, M'Lennan, and Mr Max Castles, o£ Kyneton, in addition to numerous local ladies and gentlemen. Afternoon tea was served by ladies. There was an immense attendance including all denominations, and the effort •was a pronounced suocess. Though Mr Staughton was unable to be present he evidenced his interest in the occasion by sending a substantial cheque. A meeting of the AJs Jl. was held on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance of members, who evinced great interest in regard to the day on which the bicycle meeting was proposed to be held. After a lengthy discussion as to the most suitable day, Easter Saturday was finally agreed to unanimosly. A committee was then elected to make preliminary arrangements. and will meet early and draw up a programme. The evening was set apart for a "Smoke Night." A very enjoyable "time was the result A variety programme was gone through, towards which Mr T. Young rendered great assistance with his violin, and his endeavors to please were much appreciated. The following programme was rendered during the evening:—Violin solo, » Ma Mi Rosette," Mr T. Young; song, " I Did Laugh," Mr Mirams; song, "A Soldier and a Man." Mr Semple; clog dance (accompanied on violin), Mr F. Armstrong; song " Mona," Mr C. Leaney; piano solo, Mr F. Armstrong; song, " That was One" (encore, Twenty of us went home in a cab"), Mr Mirams; violin solo, imitation of the Meunmam-ma, Mr T. Young; recitation, "The Race," Sir F. Perkin. Wesleyans and others throughout this district will receive with regret the intelligence of the death of Mr John Edward Blamires, second son of the Rev. W. Blamires, some six years ago Wesleyan minister of this town, and now of South Brighton. The young man was but 22 years of age. Until recently he was a home missionary in connection with the Wesleyan Church. He was stationed at or near Rutherglen, and until illness laid him by, rendered excellent service to his church and the community amongst which he was stationed. Ay ear or two ago he was a candidate for the ministry, but his condition of health led to his non-acceptance. On Tuesday evening, about S o'clocl^Miss Meagher's residence, in Yaldwin street, was in imminent danger of being completely destroyed by fire. The fire was noticed in the front room, and Mr D. M'Carthy, by his timely arrival, and strennous efforts, prevented the fire from spreading, and got it under before much damage was done. Mr M'Carthy received some burns in fighting the fire, but they are not thought to be of a veiy serious nature. Miss iMeagher can give no idea, as to the origin of the fire. The house was insured in the New Zealand Insurance Company (Mr R. Stringer, is the local agent) and damage has been estimated at £5, Accounts are awaiting payment at the Kyneton Sub-Treasury for the following:— S. G. Fleming, W. C. Reeves, W. Kerville, G. Blake, G. Phillips, E. A. Allen, M. M'Mahon, P. O'Connell, M. Ryan. The Rev. L. Tait, of MafEra, Gippsland, has been called to the pastorate of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church; and the Rev. W. J. Murray, of Woodend, has been called by the Lancefield church. A boy named Walter Connors, nine years of age, a resident of Nulla Nulla, was admitted to the hospital yesterday. He was gathering gum on the branches of a wattle tree when he slipped and sustained a severe laceration of a somewhat serious character. The question of the proposed reduction of salaries deferred from the October meeting of the Hospital Committee came up again at yesterday's meeting. Mr Blenoowe, who had seconded Mr D. Watson's motion for the reduction of thp salary of the resident surgeon, moved the motion in the absence of Mr Watson. Mr Rawson pro forma seconded the motion to enable him to express his opinion, and having done so, withdrew his seconding. No one would second ihe Imotioh, and Mr Blencowe withdrew it Thereupon Mr Rawson moved a resolution declaring that the officials were notoverpaid and that their salaries ought not to be reduced. Mr Blencowe seconded the resolution, which was carried unani mouslv. Mr Dalton, the Government inspector of public accounts, &C-;, is at present in Kyneton on , his periodical official visit The annual picnic in connection with St Paul's Sunday School took place yesterday, and despite the inclement weather proved most enjoyable affair. It had been intended to proceed to the usual resort—the Bald Hill —but the threatening aspect of the weather in the morning caused the superintendents and teachers to adopt the advisable course of taking the little ones to the racecourse instead. There during the day everyone-enjoyed themselves to the full. Games of every conceivable., description "were indulged in, while superintendents and teachers were kept busy either starting the various. Taces, or distributing tiie prizes won, many of which -were valuable. There were games for everyone. Hie "dinner and tea was all that could be desired, andwas heartily partaken of by all The day's pleasure.iras slightly marred, however, by an unfortunate accident which Mr -Howlett met with. That gedtlemcn, diiring the forenoon, was helping to erect the swing boats, when he sprained his wrist severely. Wc trust,, however, that it Trill not prove so serious as it was yesterday even ing Surmised. A breach of prpmisc case which has excited a good deal of interstin aristocratic and theatrical circles was decided in-London on Monday. Miss . ^ Birdie" Suthcriand, of the Gaiety Gompany, Ijrought an ^action for breach of promise of marriage against the Hon. Dudley Ohurchill Majoribanks, onlyson of .lord.yweedmputh,claiming damagi the amount of ^20,000- The defendant is in his 32nd year, end is heutenant in the Royal Horse Onards-s* The "case -was settled by the plainbffacceptmg £5,000. s u w • An «old man, evidently an nmbrella xepairerbyoccup^aon, whose nameisnnknown, was ran over "fry the 105Q am. tram from :Mielbourne<to" "Sraiiamstown'on Xuesday at t^ aiffiEo^'^^^ewport fitsiiign. • He was -conveyed to^ 4he -JSViyiamstowa hospital, g ; Intelligence from Formosa, which-was ^t'i^f' 1 CDm P lete lf pacified by l Ii«Sp&ese;%nny tif - oocupation.^Btatea timt lias brokfep. out there K ie number of itbds at lO.OOO^and theyaresiudto p e commitdngtemble ra-j^ges in£heiaLaa<U o 13, 1896 In accounting for the dismissal ^ Mr H. C. Oust from the position of editor of the Poll MaU CkuetU, Mr W. W. Astor, the proprietor, states that Mr Cust disregarded his wishes by continuing to publish sneering references as to the attitude assumed by the United States in the matter of the Venezuelan frontier. It is reported that Mr Cost is to be succeeded by an American journalist. Telegrams from America state that the lpndinjT newspapers of the United States are d again urging that recourse should be had to arbitration as the best means of settling the dispute with England concerning the Venezuelan frontier. The Standard states that the documents- in the possession of the Foreign and Colonial Offices in respect to the frontier of Venezuela and Guiana show that the case for the British claim is even stronger, than was previously supposed. The question of advancing money to farmers for the purchase of seed wheat was dealt with by the Cabinet on Monday night, and it was decided to bring in a bill to provide for security against any money so loaned. The Government is willing, the Age says, to assist fanners who want seed for next season, but it is naturally intended that any such aid shall be merely temporary, and the recipients will be expected to pay lack the value of the seed when they reap the crop. By means of a bill the Government will be able to take measures for securing this repayment. A baker named Enoch Ashley was.charged at the Goulbourn Police Court. on Monday with having 461 loaves of shortweight bread in his possession, the total deficiency in weight being 566ozs. He was fined os for every ounce short, or a total of £141 10s. The bread was also confiscated, and ordered to be given to the poor of the district. There was once a prominent man in Chicago who had a very exalted opinion of his own city. He died, and, when he rcachcd his eternal home, he looked about him with much surprise and said to the attendant who had opened the gate for him—" Really, this does great credit to Chicago. I expected some change in heaven." The attendant eyed the Chicagoan a second, and then oh served—" This isn't heaven." Mother Carpio, a New York rag picker, has followed that business for nearly forty years, and has amassed a fortune of over 100,000 dollars. One hundred and twenty-five cases of typhoid fever, with four deaths, were reported to the Board of Public Health for the whole of this colony for last week. The record for the same period last year was 106 cases and 12 deaths. Diphtheria is not quite so prevalent as last year. Only 11 cases of scarlet fever, with no deaths, were notified, as against 31 cases and one death in 1895. The Queen now takes her daily airing at Windsor Castle in an open carriage and four, the coachman driving from the box. This equipage has a more Royal appearance than Her Majesty's former arrangement of two postillions. The caniage is preceded by two outriders, and attended by the equerries-in- waiting. Reports from Madrid state that an extraordinary natural phenomenon occurred there on Monday last. An aerolite or meteorite, evidently of unusual magnitude, exploded over the city. An intensely brilliant light Was seen, and 70 seconds later there was a terrific report The city was completely shaken by the explosion, and several buildings collapsed altogether. A great number of windows in the city were broken. So severe Was the shock that it was believed there had been an earthquake, and a serious panic occurred among the residents, many of whom, when escaping from the falling buildings, sustained serious injuries, A shocking calamity occurred at Casterton on Tuesday afternoon, says the Argus, at about 6 o'clock, three young girls being drowned in a deep waterhole of the Glenelg River, about twelve miles from that place. A daughter of Alfred Gilpin, a labourer, was bathing, and, getting out of her depth, an attempt to rescue her was made by Edith Humphries, aged 16, and Caroline Humphries, aged 14, daughters o£ Henry R. Humphries, a farmer, of Bahgillah. It is not known whether either of the two older girls could swim, but the unfortunate result of their brave attempt was that all three lost their lives. An effort was made to recover one of the older girls' bodies, but it was unsuccessful, although a young man succeeded in getting hold of the girl. The waterhole is about 14ft deep. Gilpin's daughter was about II years of age. A return was presented to the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday showing the gross amounts paid to schools of mines and techni. oal schools throughout Victoria in 1894 and 1895\. In the former year the capitation grant was £6652 10s Id, deferred capitation grant £59212 3d, examination grant £2233 as, and merit grant £358 8s 8d, the total bein £9836 16s. In 1895 the capitation grant was £7250 lis 3d and the -examination grant £2950, the total being £10,200 lis 3d, or an increase of £363 15s 3d. The season for exporting rabbits has come to a close, and no more will lie received at the Miiboume Markets freezing works until further notice. This, however, will not interfere with the export of poultry, the season for which is now on. To secure the best, market for poultry consignments should be sent early. Intending shippers, the Age says, will have the same facilities offered for this season as last. Some consternation has been caused durinthe past week in Rochester by the appearancc at late hours of the night of some person playing "ghost" Numbers of women and .-children have been greatly frightened by unexpected visits, and on Sunday ilight the sudden fright caused by. the appcarance had the effect ol placing a very old and respected lady in a vctycriOcal condition. A very serious allegation was.made against Mr Albert Andrews, J.P., at the, Beaufort police court on Tuesday by a defendant named John Pitcher. He accused Mr Andrews of saying, " I'm a J.P.; if you don't take the" I'll he on the bench and l'll make it hot for you." Mr Andrews ' was not allowed to be recalled to refute the '•jtij^^^h'jfj^ P ^ advi^g him to^ it before Grown Jjaw departmentv when ijt would beaj eriotK matter for Pitc^er^; Restatement lias ntrue.."- . : y, • - - sf Mr Robert Nicol, a wdlinown dairyman, ith e. i»rother, l is missing. Last Saturday it. was found that :he had not slept "in liis bed, c and- Uiat his gun and dog were missing."" Ihe* 4 t ®i'?a s ^ptarnpd, *nd, the. pplioc and eeardi parties are scouring the district f orMr Nicholi 3!fho, itjs feared, has met With an accident ~ A man named James Smith was bitten on the "little finger by a brown snake white athering ijry leaves at ShHl oil Twlday. He ower down. He is «ow«Bfc©l danger. The-estate of -the late Mr .Joshua Moms to be "(Submitted to Auction by Mr ILL ijr. The ca)fcl$gije is od «xtenave, and ' " ' ottageliidlaudi ' When the estimates of the Agncultarri were before the Assembly last Jithejte <»js,the Minister of Agncut ture BtateC&at; in future it to give any portion of the reduced v^teof £3500 for agricultural ltnrcd societies to the Royal Agrocultural Society. This foment has considerably exercised the members o£ the Utter body, and yesterday a deputation headed by MrBrunton, M.L.C., wa.tedon the Premier and asked that this decision should be reconsidered. MrBrunton said the state- ment was made under the misrapprehension, the belief being that the Royal society was Betting a separate grant of £500 per annum*; but this was not the case. The latter grant had not been paid for the last five years. The society has expended money in expectation of receiving its share of the grant, and it was regarded as an undeserved slur on the society to be excluded from participation. The Premier said the Minister was evidently acting on the same principle as was followed the distribution of the municipal endowment in which only the poorer bodies were allowed to get a share. He wouid send a report of the deputation to Mr Taverner. and ask him if he had not made lip his mind on the question to reconsider his decision, be- cause there seemed to him to be an clement of unfairness in withholding the grant without any notice of its withdrawal, and after moneys had been spent in anticipation. At the Coburg Police Court on Tuesday, a women named Margaret KeppeL 72 years of age, bent completely double by the weight of years, and infirmities, and painfully supporting herself on crutches, was charged with vagrancy. The cvidenoeof Constable Adams showed that the poor woman had been released from the Women's Penitentiary a few days ago, and had since been living on charity. It appears that she had formerly lived at Portland, and had previously been arrested that district She informed the Bench that she had money in the bank at Portland, and also owned to a large piece of land there, but that some persons, after robbing her of the land, had burned her house down, and ruined her. She had a son in New Zealand. The Bench, thinking it only kindness to find the old lady shelter for the coming winter, sent her back to the Penitentiary for 12 months. Some two weeks ago an infant of the age of three months was brought to the Children's Hospital in a shocking state of mutilation. The face had been nearly crushed in and several of the ribs were broken in and torn away from their attachments. There were also bruises on the body and legs, and altogether the poor little thing was in a most pitiable condition. Great interest was taken in the case by the medical attendants, and by unremitting attention and care a recovery quite marvellous in its way was effected. Tne infant, Reginald Tattersall, was the child of Susan Tattersall, living as housekeeper with one Arthur Page, and the latter was charged at the City Police Court on Tuesday with inflicting grievous bodily harm on the child. On being questioned as to bow it came to be in such a deplorable condition when taken to the hospital he made prevari- cating statements, but ultimately confessed that while the mother was absent it had been lejt in his care, ami he had fallen out of bed with it Dr Cole, honorary surgeon at the Children's Hospital said that a man like the accused falling on the infant might account for the broken ribs but not for all the other injuries. The accusal (the Asgits states) was committed for trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, to be held on the 17th inst. Bail was allowed in one surety of £50. 