Jtnptisin. TO Till! IIDITOII. Sir,— Uiidur tho nbovo heading I ask per mission to write a few lino, to treat tho tub. jeet calmly on-l to Hie point. 1\. 'Ilint tbo tubjccU o( Ohrlstlun bap tlim arc not confined to believers.' I think that If those who mako u-o of tho above statement wero bolter nc(]ualnteil with the scriptural significance of Christian baptlim, which Is tbc lust of tho two kinds pmctised In Apostolic times (sco Acts xix., '.'-S, wliero it Is shown that tho same parties observed both, not necessarily different as to male, but very ell Ho rent iih to their signification), tlioy won 111 not even for n moment look upon unbelievers, in tha scriptural sense of tho term, as fit subject* for baptism. Sec. Mat. Hi., 7 1 also Acts vlii., 20 to 211. 2\. 'Thru tho mode of Us ailmlnistration is not conllncd to dipping.' As tlie baptism of the Holy Ghost spoken of in .Murk I., 8, is a baptism of, or into, life ; so Is believers' baptism ' into death ' (see Horn, vli., !l, I, ii and 8-, Coll. ii., 12) n personal or Individual act, signifying it showing to others that which hits taken plnco within, viz , ' death ' (see ltorn. vl., II). lu tho ordlnnrv course of things burial should follow death where it haB actually t.ken place, not precede it. Tho inward or personal eilect of baptism l» ' tho answer oC a Rood conscience, towards God' (sec 1 Peter III , 21,) Ncilher of the above conditions conld bo carried out by an infant or a scriptural unbeliever. Nor it there, such n thing In scripture us doing Bplrltunl thlnxs like tlu-an bv proxy. Thus in both of the abovu cases It is tin unreal substituted for tha real. Ami it may be said that anything dlirjrlni: from the fowgoi'iig 1. another baptism, nud not that tnuglit by the Apostles (sea Ual. I, S, !i, 1 1.) 'John Knox' asks ' Nonconformist No. 3' lo prove from scripture that Lydla's housohoiil were believers prior lo baptism. Tbo scrlptnro gives us no direct proi f of un believers being baptised. The .reli'lit nf evidence is in favor believers' baptism by immersion, which is allowed to bo the only scriptural mode of baptism by many of the best taut'ht leaders of those churches which have a strong bias In favor of, nnd arc prac tising, infant nnd othcrbiplisnucso-cillM). It may be said that tho onus ol the proof to the contrary lies with those who nsk (he question, and not with us. It Is not ncccs jury that wo should prove n nug.-uive. Hut I should not be afraid to challenge anyone to prove from scripture cither Infant sprinkling 'orunbclteTcn'baptisin(io-eatl«!).TIie former, secular history tells us, was not practised until some con-idcr.iMe time after the apos tolic days. I hare been for tho last :tu vcars treating with the subject of baptism' and have not hcirilsueh a challenge iiiiswcral by any of the opponents of believers' baptism by immersion. As to the [urthcr question, ' ChrlU's com mand to baptise b-.'llcvers ouly ' — Mark xvl., 13, Hi, should for ever settle that question— ' Preaching first, thra believing, followed by baptism.' 'tic lhat lulhivcth not ' Is followed by most nwfu] consequence*, not by baptism. The fact is the npostlcs had little or nothing to do wiih unbelievers but to preach the Uospel to them, and upon a confession of their faith (Acts viil.,.17, !!S) treat Ihcai according to Marl; xvi., IS, n;_ although subject to i. mlstak-n blief nswo alas often are now (Acts vlll., i!0, 21). The grcatctt weakness of the church to-day Is this mixing up with, or amalgamation with, un believers (sec Acts v., 13, ' Of ibe rest ilurat no man gain.') That was thelchurch in hoc strength. Hut now In her weakness she ex tends to tbc unbelievers that which only belongs to those who l-clieve to the saving of the soul (sec Hebrews x., SU). This brinns us to the next uuestanu — .''Tim Devils believe nnd tremble,' Jan. II., Ill ; but we arc not told that thev 'believe to the saving of tha soul.' As there are two different kinds of, sono-.v (2 Cor vil., 9, 10. 11} so there are tn-t) different kinds oi belief, viz., that which is not saving, and that which U. 1 couM ssk 'John Kss-t,' questions relating to his cliuich'a yo.Jtlon (suggested by hi) letter) which aigbt be difficult to answer, but being aside of our subject it rui-:ht bo nearer to the mark to ask him if ho liaa believed to the saving of the soul .' Baptism can never be considered as an entrance into tltr (sec the word used In all the Epistles) but it mleht be into a church. 'The Lord added (not man) to tho church.' Hoping that this will be read, la tte spirit that it is written.— Xou/s etc., Not a Baptist (so called.) Sable Cape, April 20. 