Divine Faith and the Rosary. (Concluded.) Yet another excellent fruit follows from the Rosary, exceedingly opportune to the character of our times. This Wo have re ferred to elsewhere. It is that, Avhilst the virtue of Divine Faith is daily exposed to so many dangers and attacks, the Christian may here derive nourishment and strength for his faith. Holy Writ culls Christ the ' Author and Finisher of Faith ' (Hob. Arii., 2) — tho ' Author,' because Ho taught men many things which they had to believe, especially about Himself, iuAvhom. ' dwolleth all the fulness of the Godhead ' (Colos. ii., 9), and all because He mercifully gives the poAver of believing by the grace and, as it Avore, the unction of the Holy Ghost; tho ' Finisher,' because in Heaven, Avherc Ho will change the habit of faith into the splen dour of glory. He openly discloses to them those things which they haA'e seen in this mortal life as through a veil. Now, Christ stands forth clearly in the Rosary. We behold in meditation His life, whether His hidden life in joy, or His public life in ex cessive toil and sufferings unto death, or His glorious life from His triumphant resur rection to His eternal enthronement at the right hand of the Father. And since faith, to be full and sufficient, must display itself — for with tho heart avo believe unto justice, but ' with the mouth confession is made unto salvation ' (Rom. x. 10) — so have we also in the Rosary an excellent means itnto this, for by those vocal prayers Avith which it is intermingled Ave arc enabled to express and profess our faith in God, our most Avatchful Father ; in the future life, tho for giveness of sins; in the mysteries of tho august Trinity, the Incarnation of the Word, the Divine Maternity, and others. All know the value and merit of faith. For faith is just like a most precious germ, pro ducing noAv the blosoms of all virtue by Avhich avo are pleasing to Giod, and here after to bring forth fruits that will last for ever: ' for to knoAv Thee is perfect justice, and to knoAv Thy justice and Thy poAvcr is the root of immortality.' (Wisdom xv., 3.) It is hove the place to add a remark re specting the chxties of those virtues Avhiclt faith rightly postulates. Among thorn is the virtue of penance, and one part of this is abstinence, which for more reasons than one is necessary and salutary. It is true the Church is groAving more indulgent to wards her children in this matter, but thoy must understand thoy arc bound to take all care to make up for this maternal indul gence by other good Avorks. We rojoico for this reason also to proposo particularly tho use of tho Rosary, which is capable of producing Avorthy fruits of penance, especially by the remembrance of the sufferings of Christ and His Mother. To those, therefore, avIio are striving after supremo happiness this moans of tho Rosary has boon most providentially offered, and it is ono unsurpassed few facility and convenience. For any person even moderately instructed iu his religion can make use of it with fruit, and the time it occupies cannot delay any man's business. Sacred history abounds with striking and evident examples. It is avoII known that there have been many persons occupied in most weighty functions or absorbed in labo rious cares avIio have never omitted for a single day this pious practice. Combined Avith. this advantage is that inward senti ment of devotion which attracts minds to the Rosary, so that they love it as the intimate companion and faithful protector of life ; and in their last agony they embrace and hold fast to it tis the dear pledge of ' the unfading Crown of glory.' Suc.li a pledge is greatly enhanced by the benefits of sacred indulgences, if properly employed ; for the devotion of the Rosary has been richly endoAved with such indul gences by both Our predecessors axid Our selves. These favours 'will certainly prove most efficacious to both the dying and the departed, being bestoAved, as it Avere, by the hands of the merciful Virgin, in order that they may the sooner enjoy the eternal peace and light they have desired. Prayer for the Reunion of Christendom. These considerations, Venerable Brethren, niOAre Us incessantly to extol and recom mend to Catholic peoples this excellent and most salutary form of devotion. Yet another very urgent reason, of which We have often spoken both in Letters and Allocutions, encourages Us to do this. For that earnest desire, Avhich We have learnt from the Divine Heart of Jesus, of fostering the work of reconciliation among those Avho are separated from Us daily urges Us more pressingly to action ; and A\re are convinced that this most excellent Reunion cannot be bettor prepared and strengthened than by the poAver of prayer. The example of Christ is before Us, for in order that His disciples might be one in faith and charity, He poured forth prayer and supplication to His Father. And concerning the efficacious prayer of His Most Holy Mother for the same end, there is a striking testimony m the Acts of the Apostles. Therein is described the first assembly of the disciples, expecting Avith earnest hopo r.nd prayer tho promised fulness of the Holy Spirit. And the presence of Mary united Avith them in prayer is specially indicated : ' All those Avero persevering Avith ono mind in prayer Avith Mary tho Mother of Jesus.' (Acts i. 14.) Wherefore as the nascent Church rightly joined itself in prayer Avith her as the patroness and most excellent custodian of Unity, so in those times it is most opportuno to do tho same all over tho Catholic Avorld, particularly during the Avholo month of October, Avhich We have long ago decreed to be dedicated and con secrated, by the solemn devotion of tho Rosary, to the Divine Mother, in order to implore her for the afilictod Church. Lot, then, the zeal for this prayer ovoryAvherc be rekindled, particularly for tho end of holy Unity. Nothing Avill be more agreeable and acceptable to Mary ; for as she is most closely united with Christ, she especially wishes and desires that they who have re ceived tho same .Bai)tisin with Him may be united Avith Him and Avith ono another in the same faith and perfect charily. So may the sublime mysteries of this same faith by means of tho Rosary devotion bo more deeply impressed in men's minds, with tho happy result that ' we may imitate what they contain and obtain what they promise.' Moamvhile, as a pledge of the Divine Favours and Ourafl'oction, Womostlovingly impart to you, your clorgy and people, the Apostolic Benediction. Given at St Peter's in Rome, September 20th, 1800, in tho 19th year of Our Pontificate. LEO PP. XIII. 