Very Reverend Fathers and Dearly Beloved in Christ. — Entering on the Lenten season it is usual for the pastors to address some words of exhortation or in struction to those who are entrusted to their spiritual care. ^ I purpose to set before you on the present occasion a few reflections on the priceless gift of infallible authority to teach divine truth, which was given by the Redeemer to Holy Church. Through this singular privilege, conferred on her by our Blessed Lord, the Church teaching in His name is commissioned to perpetuate throughout all time the lessons of Heavenly wisdom which He imparted to His Apostles, and to hand on from generation to generation, untainted and unchanged, the manifold blessings of Redemption. It is not in any spirit of controversy that these remarks are made, but the consideration of this great truth should stimulate all the faithful children of the Church to praise the Most High for the ineffable mercy He has shown them, and to offer to Him the heartfelt tribute of their gratitude and love in return for His wondrous love. It should also serve to quicken the fervour of our zeal in praying that God would confer on so many, as yet separated from the one true fold, the blessings which it is our privilege to enjoy. There are countless souls nowadays who, though out wardly separated from the communion of the Catholic Church, are nevertheless one with us in spirit, for it is not through any malice of the heart, but through sheer ignorance, that they have strayed away from the feet_ of the one true Shepherd. It is not by angry disputation that we can hope to see those straying ones, so loved by the Redeemer, brought back to His fold, but it is through fervent prayer to God that the Heavenly light and mercy, and the strengthening graces of which they stand in need, shall be granted to them. It would be strange, indeed, if Holy Church, instituted by the Divine Redeemer, were not in vested with the necessary authority to fulfil, in an unerring manner, the ineffable commission she received from Him to be till the end of time the herald of His saving doctrine. God is Truth itself, infinite and unchanging in His divine perfections. The lessons of Heavenly wisdom which He reveals to man are the radiance of His eternal truth. Like the radiance of the sun in the material world, these Heavenly rays are the same for every nation and for every tongue. Jews and Gentiles, Romans, Greeks, and barbarians find in them the light they stand in need of to enlighten the mind and to sanctify the heart. In the divine teaching there can be no corruption or decay, and so long as time shall last the lessons of divine wisdom revealed by our Blessed Lord shall be the heritage of the human race. Even some of the human institutions which we see around us in the world claim for themselves an unerring authority. The Legislature, the Crown, the judicial bench, in so many cases, will not allow their decisions to be questioned, and they assert a certain measure of infallibility. We must be careful, however, not to confound such a pretentious claim with that of Eoly Church. Her infallibility can admit of no admixture of corruption or deceit. 'Whilst, on the other hand, no matter how sublime inay be the authority with which mere human institutions are invested, their pronouncements and decrees cannot be always free from the taint of error. The reason of this difference is jbhat the infallibility of such human institutions is decreed and guaranteed only by man who, in his various pursuits, is encom passed with infirmity, and is liable to err, but the infallibility of the Church is decreed and guaran teed ^ by God, who is Truth itself, and can neither deceive nor be deceived. This beautiful feature of God's covenant with His Church was distinctly set forth in the inspired pro phecies of the Old Law. The new covenant was to be inviolable, a covenant of mercy and truth which would never pass away, but would secure to Holy JJhurch unceasing victory over all the enemies of 'God. Hear how the Prophet Isaias announces this ..great truth, speaking in the name of the Most High : — ' As I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth, so I have sworn that I would not be wroth with thee nor rebuke thee. For, the mountains shall depart and the hills be removed; but My kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall the covenant of peace be removed, saith the Lord that hath mercy on thee. And all thy children shall be taught of the Lord. Whoever shall gather against thee shall fall for thy sake. No weapon that is formed against tliee shall prosper j and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment, thou shalt condemn.' Again he repeats : — ' My Spirit that is in thee, and my words which I have put in thy mouth, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed, saith the Lord, from henceforth and forever. I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy unto many generations : salvation shall occupy thy walls and praise thy gates : thy sun shall no more go down, neither shall thy moon with draw itself : for the Lord shall be to thee an ever lasting light. Thou shalt also be a crown of glory in the land of the Lord, and a royal diadem in the hand of thy God ; thou shalt no more be called for saken, neither shall thy land be called desolate.' (Is. liv., lix., lx., lxii.) In the Gospel narrative, our Saviour, for our con solation and instruction, has been pleased to register the infallible authority of the Church in the clearest and most express terms. A little while before He ascended into heaven He gathered the chosen dis ciples around Him and pronounced the solemn words which, so long as time shall endure, shall be the charter of the mission of Holy Church : ' All power is given unto Me in Heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore and teach all' nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days even unto the consummation of the world.' (Matth. xxviii., 18.) Again, as recorded in the Gospel of St. Mark, we have the divine words : ' Go y6 into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature ; he that believeth and is baptised shall be saved ; but ho that believeth not shall be condemned.' (Mark xvi., 15.) When the Redeemer was about to enter on His public ministry, the voice of the Father from Heaven proclaimed to all the people: 'This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased : Hear ye Him.' Now, towards the close of that sacred ministry, what is the announcement made by the Redeemer to the chosen Disciples ? It is no other than this : ' As the Father hath sent Me, so I send you.' ' He who heareth you, heareth Me; and he who dospiseth you, despiseth Me. And he who despiseth Me, despisoth Him who sent Me.' (Luke x., 16.) Again, it is the promise of our Saviour that the very Spirit of Truth would ever abide in Holy Church : 'I will ask the Father and He will give you another Paraclete, that He may abide with 'you forever, the Spirit of Truth whom the world cannot receive : He will abide in you and be in you.' (John xiv., 16.)- 'The Paraclete, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in My name, Ho will teach you all things and bring all things to your mind whatever I have said to you.' (Ibid, xiv., 26.) 'When He, the Spirit of Truth, shall come, He will teach you all the truth.' (Ibid, xvi., 13.) In the prayer to the Father breathed by the Redeemer as He went forth to enter on His agony and to offer the Great Sacrifice, the purity of the Faith is specially set forth as a gift of gifts to bo bestowed on the chosen disciples : ' Keep in Thy name those whom Thou hast given Mo : that they may be one as We also are. I have given them Thy Word, and the world hateth them. I pray not that Thou wouldst take them out of the world, but that Thou wouldst keep them from evil. Sanctify them in the truth. Thy Word is truth. As Thou didst send Me into the world, I also have sent them into the world. And for them do I sanctify Myself, that they may also be sanctified in truth. I have inado known and will make known Thy name to them, that the love with which Thou hast loved Me may be in them, and I in them.' (John xvii.) Our Saviour forewarned the disciples that Satan would seek to sift them even as the wheat is sifted in the winnowing time, but, turning towards Peter, He added .? ' I have asked for thee (Peter) that thy faith may not fail, and do thou confirm thy brethren.' (Luke xxii., 31.) This position of St. Peter as the visible centre of the Church's unity, and at the same time the bulwark of the faith and the mainstay of her teaching, is again distinctly set forth by our Blessed Lord in His most emphatic words : ' Thou art Peter, and , — . — , — ^ ? upon this rock I will build My Churchy and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' (Matth. xvi., 18.) Now, if the Church were to lapse intd error, and in the name of Christ to teach what was false instead of truth, there can be no question that Satan would have triumphed, and the gates of Hell would have prevailed against her. So manifest, indeed, is this, that the most recent representatives of the higher criticism have felt constrained to accept the Catholic interpretation as alone admissible in the sacred text, but they have, as a last resource, adopted the subterfuge that the Evangelist must have corrupted the Redeemer's words ; that is to say, so clear and explicit is the teaching of the Catholic doctrine in the inspired text that there is no alterna tive ; we must either reject the Gospels or we must acknowledge that the authority of the Catholic Church is infallible, and that her authority is divine. The Apostle St. Paul repeats in no less explicit terms the teaching* of the Divine Master. He de clares again and again that the Church is ' the Body of Christ,' perpetuating on earth the great mystery of the Incarnation of the Son of God. Writing to St. Timothy he further adds : ' These things I write to thee, that thou mayest know how to act in the House of God, which is the Church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.' (I. Timothy iii., 15.) Again, he writes to the Ephe sians : ' Christ hath loved the Church and delivered Himself up for her that He might sanctify her, cleansing her with the laver of water, in the word of life, that he might present to Himself a glorious Church not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that she may be holy and without blemish.' (Ephes. v., 25.) What follows from all this ? It assuredly follows that the Church is the divinely appointed witness to man of the teaching of our Blessed Lord. But her testimony is not that of a mere witness. It boars impressed upon it the seal of Heaven. Per haps I should rather say that her authoritative voice should be considered as tho voice of God Him self, who teaches divine truth through Holy Church, and chooses her as His ajjpointed organ for revealing His will to man. It will be asked how far does this infallible toach ing of the Church extend ? Its wide domain em braces all the lessons of heavenly wisdom revealed by our Blessed Lord. The researches of science, tho teachings of human wisdom, political programmes, the developments of commerce, tho building up of worldly wealth and prosperity, form no part of tho direct mission given to the Church, or of tho divine heritage consigned to her care. The dox^osit which she received from God, and which she shall never cease to guard with inviolable fidelity, embraces all the truths of divine Faith, and all tho lessons of morality commended to tho Apostles by our Saviour. ' Tho Paraclete will teach you all truth.' 'Teach all nations to observe all things whatever I havo commanded' you.' Thus tho truths revealed by tho Redeemer, tho precopts of tho moral law which Ho enforced, tho maxims of perfection which ho im parted to His disciples, all this forms part of the heritage of the Church, and comes within the domain of her infallible teaching. From whom has tho Church received her mission, and how long is it to endure ? ' Toach all nations ' is tho Redeemer's command : preach My doctrine 'to every creature.' Tho divine commission embraces all nations and all tongues, and extends to every raco and every people. And it shall last till tho end of time. ' I am with you all days, oven to the con summation of the world.' 'The Spirit of Truth will abide with you for over.' 'Tho gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' Fierce will be tho enemies who assail the Church, incessant the warfare waged against her, yet she shall not be overcome. The powers of this world will put forth ? all their strength to beat down the bulwarks of Sion, but their efforts shall bo in vain. Heresies from ago to ago will arise, and will endeavour by every art to corrupt tho doctrine of Holy Church. In that doctrine, how ever, no corruption can find a place : ' tho gates of hell shall not prevail ; ' and all tho devices of heresy will only serve to bring into bolder relief tho bright ness and purity of divine truth, preserved and guarded by tho Catholic Church. The Fathers of tho Church use many beautiful illustrations whilst setting before tho faithful the advantages which they enjoy in tho infallible teach ing of Holy Church. 'Thus it is that in tho second century the great Bishop and martyr of Celtic Gaul, St. Irenæus, writes : ' We ought not to seek amongst others for truth which it is easy to receive from the Church, seeing that the Apostles most fully committed unto this Church, as unto a rich repository, all whatsoever there is of truth, that every one who willeth may draw from it the drink of life. For the Church is tho gate of life ; but all others are thieves and robbers. Therefore we ought to avoid them, bub to cling with tho utmost care to whatevor is of tho Church, and to hold fast to the tradition of truth.' St. John Chrysostom, too, the most eloquent of tho Greek Doctors, cries out : ' Withdraw not from the Church, for nothing is stronger than tho Church. Thy hope, tho Church j thy security, the Church ; thy refuge, the Church. Than Heaven she is higher; than earth she is more vast. Never does she grow old, but her age is ever vigorous. For this cause, the Scripture setting forth her firmness and immoveableness, calls her a ; mountain ; her incorruptibility, calls her a virgin ; her magnificence, calls her a queen. There is ( nothing equal to the Church. Tell me not of walls I and arms, for walls grow old with timej but the j Church never grows old ; walls barbarians destroy, but the Church not even demons can overcome. And that my words are not empty boasting, facts testify. How many have waged war against the Church, and they that warred against her have perished, but she has been raised up above the Heavens. Such is the might of the Church : warred against, she conquers ; devised against, she over comes j assailed with insult, she is made more resplendent; she receives wounds, but she fails not j agitated by the waves, she is not submerged ; tem pest-tossed, but she suffers no shipwreck j wrestles, but is not overthrown; she fights as the pugilist, but is not beaten. Why, then, has God permitted the contest ? That she may exhibit a more glorious trophy.' The Church, throughout the nineteen centuries of her history, has ever shown herself conscious of the ineffable gift of an infallible authority in her teach ing conferred on her by the Redeemer. When the Aj)ostles assembled for the first time in Synod at Jerusalem they proclaimed their doctrinal teaching to be the teaching of the Holy Ghost, and they heralded its announcement with the emphatic words: ' It has seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' Their successors in every age have exercised the same sublime prerogative. Whenever Christian morality was imperilled and when heresy would seek to corrupt the teachings of divine truth, the Church, by her infallible authority, condemned the errors and cast forth their adherents from her fold. It mattered not how plausible those errors might be, or how they wore sustained by the power of princes or the applause of men. The Church hurled her anathema against them, and proved herself ever ready to endure all forms of persecution and suffer ing sooner than that her moral teaching or her sacred deposit of divine truth would be tainted by the admixture of error. Arius, in his heresy, was supported by all the prestige of the Imperial Court, yet he was condemned and cast forth from the Church. A century later other heretics would lift up their voice against the exalted dignity of the Mother of God. The Bishops of the Church assembled in Ephosus, pronounced anathema against them, and sot the seal of unerring authority on the glorious privilege of the Blessed Virgin. A little later other heretics assailed the cloctrino of Divino Faith. The great Popo, St. Loo, condemned their errors, and the Fathers of tho Council of Chalcodon, registering his authoritative teaching, proclaimed tho solemn truth : ' Tho Apostle, St. Peter, has spoken to us through Popo Leo/' When tho Greek pchism arose, and men in their pride of place would ask that one short formula should bo omitted from tho Creed, tho Church chose rather to see the whole empire of the East torn from hor communion than that one tittle of the faith should bo imperilled. In tho 16th century, in England, a powerful monarch would ask for nothing more than to sot aside his marriage obligation, and to trample for once on tho moral law. Tho reply, Non possumus, with no uncortain sound, was given by the Holy See to his demands, and as a result, through the pride and passion of a corrupt sovereign, the kingdom of England was separated from the fold of Christ. In later times, Jansenism and Gallicanism would endeavour to hoav dissensions among tho faithful, and under tho mask of piety would betray tho cause of truth. But onco more, in tho faco of tho powers of this world leagued against her, the Church proclaimed the great truth that, when there was question of the deposit of Divine Faith, there could be no compromise between light and dark ness, between piety and impiety, and Jansenism and Gallicanism were for ever cast forth from her communion. Thus, thanks to the unerring pre rogative of the Church and its unflinching exercise in every age, the refreshing streams of sacred truth for the ineffable comfort and consolation of faithful souls are found to flow as pure to-day from the fountain of orthodoxy as they were in the Apostolic age. Here it may be remarked that it is the Catholic Church alone that claims to be endowed with an infallible authority whilst guiding the faithful in their heavenward course. The various sects, no matter how boldly they may assert their tenets, put forward no pretence of claim to infallibility. Now, if those teachers in the various sects are not infallible, they may be nothing better than blind leaders of the blind. Their followers cannot accept their teaching as the doctrines of divine faith, and instead of guiding to Paradise, they may be conducting their unhappy dupes to eternal ruin. If a society be fallible in its doctrinal teaching, no matter how rich its material gifts may be, it may in its tenets be presenting error instead of truth. By its own confession it stands before the world devoid of a divine authority to discriminate between what is true and what is false. What claim, then, can it have to Divine Faith ? and yet Truth itself has registered the solemn warning that without such Faith ' it is impossible to please God.' (Hob. xi., 6.) But it will be said that the Bible is infallible in its teaching, and hence when the various sects hold fast to it they are sure to possess the teachings of Divine Faith. Tho Catholic Church accepts the Bible with all reverence. We revere it as the Inspired Word of God, the bulwark of orthodoxy, the depository of divine truth. The Sacred Scripture is given to the Church as a heavenly armoury of defence, and as the Apostle writes, it 'is profitable to teach, to reprove, to correct, to instruct unto justice, that the man of God may be perfect, furnished to every good work.' 2 Timothy iii., 16).- But on the other hand there are many things in the sacred text which even tho most arduous and most enlightened find it diffi cult to understand. The Prince of the Apostles, St. Peter, in his second epistle warned the faithful of such difficult passages, oven in those early days, in tho writings of St. Paul, 'Wherein (he says) are some things hard to be understood, which the un learned and unsteadfast wrest, as they do also the other Scriptures, unto their own destruction.' (2 Peter iii., 16.) The Church is the divinely authorised interpreter of the inspired text, and she is at the same timo its zealous custodian, handing it on incorrupt from age to age for the consolation and instruction of tho faithful. We know by the testimony of early ecclesiastical writers that almost in the Apostolic age the heretic Cerinthus and his followers en deavoured to corrupt tho Gospel narrative, and these corruptions regarded even such vital matters as the divine birth of our Blessed Lord. Some fragments of one of thoso corrupt texts were dis covered only a few months ago by some Protestant travellers in tho East. What has been the result ? Not a few leaders of Protestant thought in England have not hesitated in the eagerness of their pur suit of religious novelty to declare to the reading public that tho newly discovered fragments are preferable to the original sacred text. So true it is that if it had not been for the infallible authority of tho Catholic Church, we should long ago have found the tales and reveries and corruptions of tho Koran substituted for the inspired Word of God. And so has it been with tho efforts of heresy in every age to falsify tho interpretation of tho sacred text. The followers of Arius who denied the divinity of our Saviour, so plausibly interpreted several passages of Scripture that, as St. Jerome relates, the whole world seemed to be captivated by those errors. The Manicheans appealed to the Scripture to justify their teaching that Christ had assumed merely the appearance and not the reality of our human nature. So also the Nestorians set themselves to explain various Scripture texts after their own fashion, with the sad result that a great part of the East, deluded by their plausible words, has been kept in heresy even to the present day. I need scarcely add that, in the sixteenth century, Protestantism, in its revolt against the authority of the Church, pursued the same course. It would have the Bible and nothing but the Bible for its guide, and thus every error of its vain imagining was justified by reference to Scriptural texts. By a singular inconsistency, Protestants would accept as unerring the teaching of the Catholic Church whilst she handed down to them the Bible as God's in spired Word, but they altogether repudiated her authority when she would assert her mission to be the authentic teacher of divine truth. As the result of such an erroneous principle, we see that so many persons looking to the Bible as the only source of religious instruction are led away into the most fanciful errors even in regard to the funda mental doctrines of divine faith. Agitated by per plexing doubts, they are tossed about without rudder or compass on the ocean of uncertainty, and even on the verge of the grave they have no consoling doctrines to cheer them, no solid foundation for their hope. It was precisely to guard his children against such painful anxieties and uncertainties that the Redeemer invested His Church with an infallible authority. We have beon called to this heritage of truth in order that, as the Apostle writes, ' doing the truth in charity we may in all things grow up in Him who is the Head, even Christ,' and 'that henceforth we be no longer children, tossed . to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the wickedness of men, by cunning craftiness by which they lie in wait to deceive.' (Ephes. iv., 15.) Looking back on the history of the past 300 years, we see that the Catholic Church alone, guided by Him who is ' the way, the truth and tho life,' has steadily pursued her onward course, authoritatively interpreting the sacred Scripture and unfolding to her children tho teachings of divino truth. On tho other hand, many Protestant countries have lapsed into infidelity and flung aside all reverence for the sacred text ; some retain little more than the empty name of Protestantism, whilst most of those who remain bond fide Protestants do so in ignorance of tho origin of their creed. Bossuot, in the very commencement of his immortal work, ' Tho History of tho Variations of the Protestant Churches,' uses the remarkable words : ' If Pro testants knew thoroughly how their religion was formed ; with how many variations and with what inconstancy their confessions of faith were drawn up ; how they first separated themselves from us, and afterwards from one another ; by how many subtleties, evasions and equivocations they laboured to repair their divisions, and to reunite the scattered members of their disjointed reformation; this refor mation of which they boast would afford them but little satisfaction, or, rather, it would excite in them only feelings of contempt.' It is to be borne in mind that the teaching of truth which receives the solemn sanction of tho infallible authority of Holy Church is not a mere discovery of human wisdom or tho fruit of scientific research. It is a sacred doctrine which was consigned to the Apostles by our Blessed Lord, and handed on by them as part of the inviolable heritage of divine truth. Hitherto it has been implicitly believed by tho faithful, but whon the seal of the Church's authority is given to it, it must be explicitly believed by all and taught to all her children. It is like the gold which comes forth from the mint. The gold is itself unchanged, but the impress it has received of the sovereign or of the state has made it the current coin of the kingdom. And here a marvellous feature of this teaching authority of the Church is presented to us. For nineteen centuries she has been constantly on the battlefield, confronting every form of error, and assailed by every art which Satan or wicked men could devise. Her enemies were sustained by all the wealth and influence and power that the world could command, and nothing was left undone to betray her into some appearance of error. Never theless, her record of truth remains unbroken. Not a single taint of error can be found in her teaching, and every doctrine defined at any period in all these centuries stands erect to-day, and shall so stand till the end of time immovably set upon the pedestal of Catholic Faith. In everything that is merely human the Church is subject to change. Her discipline varies in different countries, just as the national usages of various peoples may vary. Her manner of illustra ting the doctrines of truth is not the same at the close of the 19th century as it was even a century ago. The enemies who combat against her to- day are not the same who assailed her in former times. Their line of attack, their arms, their armour, are all changed. She, too, changes her armour, that she may combat and overcome them on their own ground and with their own weapons. But her treasure of divine morality and truth is ever the same, and no power of earth or hell can corrupt that sacred inheri tance bequeathed to her by our Blessed Lord. Thus it is that the Catholic Church, ever ancient yet ever new, pursues the path divinely marked out for her through the course of ages. Quickened by a divine energy and endowed with the vigour of unchanging youth, nineteen centuries have written no wrinkles on her virgin brow. She knows no decrepitude. She is ever assailed by a sinful world, but she can not be overcome. She is equal to the requirements of every age and every race. To all she dispenses the blessings of Heaven, and amid the ever-varying vicissitudes of time, and despite all the allurements and deceits of wicked men she shall never cease to proclaim the teachings of divine truth, and to guide the children of Christ in their pilgrimage till they attain their crown of victory. I avail of this opportunity to commend to the benevolent public the excellent work of charity in favour of the deaf mutes, which has for some years been carried on most successfully at Waratah, in the Diocese of Maitland, by the devoted Sisters of the Order of St. Dorninick. The institution under the religious care of this excellent community is intended for the deaf mutes of all Australia. It is the only institution for the poor deaf mutes in which the Catholic children can receive the moral and religious instruction of which they stand so much in need. No children are exposed to greater dangers in regard to religion and morality than the poor deaf mutes. There are some institutions which, though profess ing great liberality and receiving Government aid, nevertheless leave nothing undone to destroy the Catholic faith of their inmates. Very often the friends of the unhappy deaf mutes are either unable or unwilling to instruct them, and thus the poor children, bereft of succour in their spiritual need, are quite helpless in the hands of those who would rob them of their faith. I would ask the clergy to read for their congregations portions of the accom panying statement regarding the institution to which I have referred, and to recommend as far as may be feasible the excellent charitable work of the Dominican Nuns in favour of these poor deaf mute children. May the peace of our Lord Jesus Christ be always with you. 83 Patrick F. Card. Moran, Archbishop of Sydney. St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, 21st February, 1896. 