For the People. IMPORTANT FOR COUNTRY READERS. (By John Haynes, M.P.) A BIG BOON TO COUNTRY RESI DENTS. II is not a very dificult thing to prove that the land Tax is n big boon to country people, farmers, squatters, and business men. In point of tact, the passing of this measure of direct taxation was the first signal victory of the country districts over the rich metropolis of Sydney, which for yaars has ruled the political roost in New South Wales. In dealing with the matter on the platform, I have always, in the very first place, asked any of the opponents of the land tax to explain why land in the country districts is, after all the years of toil and labor upon it, worth only about £1 per acre, while land in the city, with out any toil or expenditure on the part of the lucky owner, was worth up to .£2,000 per foot. (In some parts of George-street £3,000 would be refused). I have never been answered adversely, for there was only one explanation, namely, that the vast values of Sydney city property was given by public expenditures of the peoples' money ; that, as the expenditure of the public money was centred in Sydney, all the lucky old owners of pro perty had to do was to sit down and let the needs of the community rush up the values. Recently some heirs of an old family sold a portion of their estate in Sydney at the rate of £1,200,000 per acre (nearly one and a quarter million pounds per acre), and there are scores ef instances where the lucky owners draw at the rate of £52 per foot rental per year, on 21 year leases with the covenant that the occupier must build at his own expense. Let any one consider the reverse picture of the inland farmer or land owner. He goes on slaving, and when his hair is grey and his back doubled from toil, he finds his land of the same value as when he started. All the time, under the old system of free trade and protection, he has been paying taxes to make up the annual revenue aad pay interest on loans expeuded for the most part to enrich the city man's land. To balance all this, the liberal politician has fought to bring about a direct tax on land values. Thus the farmer gets back the money screwed out of him by the powers in Sydney — for a universal land tax means that a man in the country dis tricts pays one penny in the £ on land worth, apart from improvements, only £1 per acre, while the city land monopolist is forced to pay a penny in the £ on land worth up to £3000 per foot. The country districts made Sydney; now a land tax forces the city to make the country. I find that one man alone in Sydney, a typical land monopolist, will pay as much to the revenue as an entire country dis trict. This man previously went scot free, while his fortune was every day increased. THE LAND MILLIONAIRE AND HIS SCOUTS. People reading and reflecting on the above facts will immediately understand why the Liberals in the Sydney Parlia ment have fought so vehemently for aland tax, and they will also quickly see why certain politicians (in league with the rich land monopolist) are scouring the country, uttering dire lamentations over the fate of the ' poor farmer ' under land tax. These gentry never say a word as to bow thq land tax has put the rich city man on the grill. No ; that fact is kept in the dark. They strive to alarm the landowner ; they shriek for him, they shake for him, and fight for him, but it is the big man of the city or the rich holders of uncultivated lands on our river and railway frontages who all the time find the needful for the scheming. The tax is operating in the country aB in the city. Where splendid lands on our rivers and railroads, as on Sydney streets, have been held for raising values the land tax compels them to look around for buyers or tenants. No longer are the tenants in search of landlords. The landlords are in search of tenants, and the public for the first time are put in the way of getting good land near to water, rail, or market, at a fair figure. Soon, when a man goes to a country town, he he will not need the services of a black tracker to find the farmer's home. ?No, it will be near train, town, water, or market. But, abovs all, the Metropolis of Sydney will pay hundreds of thousands to the general revenue for road making and bridge building inland. All this work is embraced in the policy of decentralization— that policy which I put before the people first at Mudgee in 1887, and ever since kept to the front until, last session of Parlia ment, we scored for it a great and lasting victory. THE GHOST THAT STARTLED THB FARMER. Splendid old. ghost that has long done duty for the rich monopolist in startling the farmer is the ghost of freetrade. And now when the poor 'farmer' is being plun dered (as the say), by a land and income tax, the famons ghost has been white washed and trotted out again. Say the scouts of the big man — ' You've goae and taxed our lands, and you've taken off the duties and let in the foreigner to compete with us,' their object being, of course, to get the farmer to vote down land tax and vote up protectionist taxes. But the fact is, our farmers are kept in beggary so long as they are pre vented from trading with the world, and trading between nations is done only by exchange of goods. If we shut out goods from abroad, there is a correspond ing decline in the purchase of our goods or products. There is no such thing as send ing money out of the country, except, of course, where excessive production pre vents exchange and exportation. For instance, in New South Wale3 twenty years ago, we had about eight millions of money coined for the use oi the Deoole but though we have imported millions' worth of goods and sold millions' worth since then, there is only about th»- jjame amount of money in the count-;: -taL ~™JL is required. Nowand ttfn som^thoCsS of sovereigns a!5 lwt out from £y^'ntao8 London, but most of it is Queensland gold minted at Sydney, and the balance a few thousand, goes to square up transAcUona between us and the outside world, and which transactions amount to many mil lions sterling. We all remember the old ghost's cry, ' Let us have Protection and keep the money in the country.' There never was any money going out of the country. It was only schoolboy talk. The only country which has had money out heavily to balance a badly top-sided trade is protectionist Victoria, and a few par ticulare on the point will be given in next week's letter. A FEW GENERAL ITEMS. The Dimboola correspondent of the Melbourne Argus writes :— ' Emigration to New South Wales still continues, and since the beginning of the year a large number of farmers residing between here and the border have left. On Wednesday no fewer than six teams, representing four families, passed through here from Kiata en route for the mother colony, taking a buantity of machinery and a large number of horses.' So it seems that protection is making exiles of the Victorian farmers. In New South Wales during the last five mdntbs, nearly 3,000 new homesteads have been established; and 1,350,099 acres taken up for occupation and cultivation in small areas. What a revolution there has been in politics in New South Wales in three years. In 1893, Sir Henry Parkes was King, and Sir George Dibbs was heir ap parent. Now the former is an unknown quantity in politics, and the latter is in a Government billet. An old Scotch couple, residing at Wel lington, recently went round the colonies on a sea trip for health. They started from Sydney. They visited New Zealand, Hobart, Melbourne, and Adelaide. After leaving Sydney, and as they entered each harbour, the old lady asked ' Where's the shipping.' and then they agreed that they saw more shipping in one portion alone of Sydney Harbour than they had seen in all the other, ports put together. (There is only one meaning for this : A country without a developing maratime trade if on the fall. Nothing can save it from interal collapse. Ships trade to a country only when they are sure of return cargoes. 