CARDINAL MORAN AND THE BISHOP OF GOULBURN. Fortow~wo is Cardinal Moran's reply in Saturday's Sydney Herald to Bishop Chalmors's last letter : Sir,--In a former letter I distinctly pointed out two misstatements made by Dr. Chalmers in his recent attacks on the Catholic Church. In his letter published in the Sydney Morning Herald on yesterday be refers indeed to my accusation, but makes no attempt at defence, and we may therefore presume that he allows judgment to go by default. He plunges, however, into a number of other state. ments which, he says, " may serve to open people's eyes to the profane absurdities" of Catholic teach ing. Those statements, however, which he sets' forth are not Catholic teaching, but are the more effusions of his own poetical imagination. It was a Scotchman, I believe, who said of some Anglican friend that he never opened his mouth but he put his foot in it. Some similar sad and perverse fate appears to have befallen my good friend of Goul burn. He returns to the question of the orthodoxy of Kfeenan's Catechism, and thus writes :--"In order that in this case there may be no pretence of muti lated extracts, I will give in full the question and answer to which I referred." He then cites na follows the question and answer:-" Question: Mrut not Catholics believe the Pope himself to be infallible? Answer: This is a Protestant inven tion. It is no article of the Catholic faith, &e.;" Now, I regret to be again obliged to accuse Dr. Chalmers of inaccuracy. In the question in the catechism as cited by him one small particle is omitted, which, however, is of no small importance. The question as put in the catechlism is, " Mustt not Cathlo!ies believe the Pope in himself to be infal lible i" The technical words, " tihe Pope in him self infallible," refer to the personal infallibility of the Pope, which is a mere Protestant fable, and is quite contrary to the teaching of the church. Ac cording to the Catholic doctrine the Pope is infal lible only when he speaksex cathedra ; that is, when in the discharge of the oflice of pastor and doctor of all Christians, by virtue of the supreme apostolic authority, he defines a doctrine concerning faith or morals to be heold by the Universal Church. Itis in this case alone that Catholics believe the successor of St. Peter to inherit the infallibility with which the Redeemer endowed His Church when He said to the Apostles, " Go ye, and teach all nations; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you, and behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." I beg to remind Dr. Chalmers that I am not minimising in any way the teaching of the Church, but merely stating what the belief of the Church is. Cardinal iManning writes that, by the Vatican decrees regard ing infallibility, " all the acts of the Pontiff as a private person, or a private doctor, or as a local bishop, or as a sovereign of a State, are excluded. In all these acts the Pontiff may be subject to error ; in one, and only one, capacity, he is exempt from error; that is, as teacher of the whole Church." Cardinal Hergenrjther also writes that the infal libility of the Pope, ' which is his only as teacher, preserves him indeed from falsifying the doctrines of the Church as to faith and morals, but is no secu rity that he will always rightly apply these doc trines, and never personally commit an offenoe against them." Dr. Chalmers omitsother passages of Keenan's Catechismn which allow no doubt as to the writer's meaning, as for instance when at page 94 he tells us that Christ appointed St. Peter and his successors as His chief vicars to govern His Church; and when again we read in the following page:-" Question: Does Christ anywhere offer un a pnecial nraver for Peter's faith without inclu dUg i this prayer tlhe rest of t1er Apotls ? An swer : Yes. Luke oxxii., 32, Christ says to Peter : But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, and thou, being once converted, confirm thy brethren." Dr. Chalmers takes me to task in that I was con tent with explaining Canon Oakloy's words, and made no reference to other passages cited from Father Faber and A. Lapide. But as the passages thus cited by Dr. Chalmors were practically the same, having explained one I gave the key to the explanation of all. The writers thus referred to merely teach the Catholic doctrine that in the mys tory of the Incarnation our divine Lord assumed our humnan nature in the chaste womb of the Blessed Virgin. This is tile doctrine which Dr. Chalmers himself is supposed to profess in the Athanasian creed. As regards Father Faber, to whom Dr. Chalmers now particularly refers, he indignantly rejected the tenet of the presence of the Blessed Virgin in the Eucharist, but le writes that the most precious blood, the price of our redemption, which is there received, was assumed from the pure blood of the Blessed Virgin, nmd he takes occasion from this to illustrate how beautifully the dogma of the Immasulate Conception harmoniees with the mys tery of the Incarnation. In the paragraph im mediately preceding the words given by Dr. Chalmers, Father Faber thus writes:-" The precious Blood was assumed directly to our Blessed Lord's divine Person from His Inmaculate Mother. Mary's blood was the material out of which the Holy Ghost, the third person of the most Holy Trinity, the artificer of the sacred Humanity, fashioned the Blood of Jesus. Here we see how needful to the joy and gladness of our devotion is the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception. Who could bear to think that the matter of the precious Blood had ever been itself corrupted with the taint of sin, that it had once been part of the devil's kingdom, that what was to supply the free price of our redemption was once enslaved to God's darkest, foulest enemy ? Is it not indeed an endless daily jubilee to us that the Church has laid upon us is an article of our faith that sweet truth which the in stinots of our devotion had so long made a real part of our belief." The teaching of the illustrious Jesuit comtmentator, A. Lapido, is nothing more than a repetition of the same doctrine. As regards Rev. Dr. Littledule, it was stated in an obituary notice in an English journal that he held a benefice in England. Whother this be correct or not is a matter of no interest. What is of import auee is the fact that he is quite discredited us a controversialist. A pamphlet which he entitled, " Why Ritualists do not become Roman Catholics" was convicted of such unltruthfulness and unfairness by Mr. Orby Shiploy that the Eng lish Church Union, under whose auspices it was published, was compelled to withdraw it from circulation. Dr. Chalmers remarks of Littledalo's " Plain Reasons" that " it remains unrefuted." Dr. Chalmers must suppose his readers to be very ignorant of Catholic literaturo when he ventures on such a statement. Many years ago it was refuted by Father Ryder of the Oratory in a very cheap, clear, and concise work entitled " Catholic Contro. versy : A reply to Dr. Littledalo's ' Plgin Reasons' ;" and since then every argument in it has been a hundred times unmasked by Father Jpneo, S.J., and other Catholic writers. What is deserving of remark, not a few Anglican clergy men have exposed the inaccuracies and errors of the pretentious work which Dr. Chalmers oulogisees. tsr instance, Rev. Dr. Lee, vicar of All Saints', Lamboth, tabulates the gross mistakes of the Plain Reasons" as follows :-" Regarding his torical facts, 51 ; regarding dgmatical facts, 43 ; oegarding inaccurate quotations from writers on history and canon law, 29 ; regarding historical and theological quotations half-made, often with remarkable omissions, 30; regarding quotations from the Fathers which are found to bear an on tirely different meaning from that which Dr. ] ittledalo put upon them, 24, &c.;" Rev. Dr. luev's description of his method of controversy would sean4 lnmost a picture of some of Dr. Chalmer's letters' "' When he has been exposed and refuted he never confesses and apologises, but waits till he thinks that the refutation is forgot ten, and then. brings up the discredited statement as fresh as ever." Such is the conatroversialist who, according to Dr. Chalmers's pretentious eulogy, jhas never been refuted. Dp. Chalmers has harped more than once on a supposed misstatement of mine regarding some Protestant nuns at IGonIlburn. I stated that in an excellent community of such nuns, introduced there several years ago, about half the number became Catholics. I believo my statemoent to be quite correct. The priest is still living who received tbreo of them into the Catholic Church, and the Bishop is still living who administered the sacra ment of confirmation to two of them after being received into the Church. To say that they were not real nuns is a more subtorfuge. Everyone recognises that it is only in the Catholic Church true nuns are to be found. However, thoso excellent ladies lived together, visited the siak, and were popularly known as Protestant nuns. I consider, therefore, thatI was fully justified in the statement which I made. As regards the Wesleyan missionaries in the islands of the Pacifio, to whom Dr. Chalhners also refers, they are quite able to tal:o care of them selves. Any statements which I made relating to them I believe to be conformable to truth, but I decline to accept his patronage in their regard. Perhaps, hownover, it is his desire as a result of the synodal determinations to expand the motherly mantle of the Anglican Church over them. For my part, if such be the case, I wish all joy to the happy ' "--1a?t Church, half a century ago, famitny. 'nus.?,- ... C was described by-oid MIadauloy as "na oa u. . religious systems without number: a hundred seets battling within one Churoch." Embracing now the various branches of Nonconformists, the number of her sects will be ten thousand, and at no distant day her proud boast shall be more than realised that she "includes, within her undefined pale, partisans of every religious tenet, theory, or opinion, however opposite and contradictory, which Protestantism hats at any time or by any agency introduced into the world." Dr. Chalmers ends his letter with what he evi dently intends to preseat as a French quotation, but what in reality is sheer French balderdash. It might well pass muster at some of the synodal meetings; but before he ventures again to cite French in the public press I would recommend him to consult some friend acquainted with the idiom of tho language. At a parting word of advice to Dr. Chalmers, I would say, " Do not write any further controver sial letters for some time." It is manifest that the more he plunges, the deeper he sinks in the mire. " ltuok in the mui" would, perhaps, be a some what awkward epitaph for 'William Goulburn." I have endeavoured to stretch out a helping hand to him; but, as he appears to resent my friendly aid, it only remains for me, Mr. Editor, with your kind permission, to leave him there. I am, &o.;, t PATRICK F. CARDINAL MORAN. October 9. 