j ROYAL SOCIETY OF TASMANIA. I UNVEILING THE HAMILTON j MEMORIAL. DISCUSSION ON MR. R. M. j JOHNSTON'S CREEK. There was an unusually large, influential, and representative gathering fast evening at the monthly meeting of the Royal Society of Tasmania. The special attractions were the unveiling of a handsome memorial fountain erected to the memory of Sir Robert Hamilton, the late revered Governor of the colony, the ceremony being performed by His Excellency Lord Gormanston, the p e sent Governor ; the discussion on Mr. it, M. Johnston's paper on the health of Hobart, and the Bishop of Tasmania's paper on the mutton birds, etc. THIS HAMILTON Mr KM like AL. The first business of the evening was the unveiling of the memorial fountain. It has been erected in the main hall of the Museum buildings, against the wall between two doors and facing the entrance door. The structure, which is a handsome one of white Italian or Carara marble, stands on a base of Tasmanian brown freestone, and is in the Renaissance style. It consists of a niche and basin flanked by gracefully fluted pilasters columns supporting an elliptical arch and entablature, surmounted by a pediment. There are carved caps to the entablature and fluted bases to the columns. Instead of coming out of a gargoyle the water flows from a carved Moulin of a body through a silver tube, is emblematical of purity. The inscription, carved in block letters painted black on the tablet over the niche, and under the elliptical rob, bears the following words.--" A tribute to the memory of Sir Robert G. C. Hamilton, K.C B., LL.D., Governor of Tasmania, March 11th, 1867, March 31st, 1893." Designs for the erection were called for, and that of Mr. George Fagg, M.S.A, was accepted, and the work left in his hands, the order having been executed by Messrs. Anslem Odling and Sons Limited, of Sydney and Carara, and Mr. J, MoMeoiian, monumental mason, etc., Hob»rt,_c»rved the inscription and fixed the fountain. The memorial has been subscribed for by the late Sir Robert Hamilton's numerous friends and admirers throughout the colony, the subscriptions being limited to Is. each. it was placed in the Museum because Sir Robert took a very deep interest in the proceedings of the Royal Society and the Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery, which occupy the building. Sir James Agnew was the chairman of the committee ; Miss Amy L. Chapman and Mr. F. Bel«te id, lion, sees.; and the Hon. N E. Lewis, M.H.A., and Mr. A. G. Webster hon. treasurers. The memorial was draped with the Union Jack when the Governor entered, accompanied by Major Deane and Mrs. Dease and Mr. Rawlinson, the Private Secretary, His Excellency gave the colours a pull, where- upon they received sideways, and the hand- some fountain was presented to view amid applause. His Excellency and those present proceeded upstairs, be taking the chair. Hav- ing done so he said Ladies and gentlemen, all have just seen the memorial that has been erected by the people of Tasmania to the memory of my predecessor, the late Sir Robert ii amid ton, unveiled. It has fallen to my lot to perform this ceremony, and I do so with mingled feelings of satisfaction and regret satisfaction at seeing the erection of this lasting memorial to commemorate a good man, and regret that he has been removed from amongst us in the prime of life. My acquaintance with the late Sir Robert Hamilton was short and slight, but, even so I could not help perceiving that he was an earnest man, a noble and a clever man, and as he was to me, I am sure he was to all other people, most courteous and kind. (Applause.) There are, I trust, in this room to- night, several who have served under him, and who will be able to express better than I on their feelings as to his good and noble qualities, and something also as regards his administration of the Government of this colony. Sir Robert Hamilton belonged to and formed part of that body of men who, by their quiet, unobtrusive, but consistent notices, have done so much to carry on efficiently the colony of our great empire, and to which all Tasmanians are proud to belong. (Applause) I allude to the permanent officials of the various great departments of State Ministers home and Ministers go, but the permanent officials and the permanent secretaries and under secretary of the various great departments of state are the men who, by their skill and knowledge, carry out in a quiet but consistent manner the go vernment of this great empire (Applause.) Sir Robert Hamilton was a very prominent member of the permanent Civil Service He entered it after serving in some of the lower offices He became Assistant Secre- tury to the Board of trade in 1872 , Agent General for the Navy in 1878, Secretary to the Admiralty in 1882 and On der- Secretary of' State for Ireland in 1883 Then he came on here as Governor, and took up his position as such in 1887. Shortly after relinquishing his position as Governor here he was so highly thought of that he was sent on a mission, and the very important mission of inquiring into the state of one of the West India Islands, and no sooner had he returned from that mission than he was promoted to the still more important post of Chairman of the Customs of the United Kingdom I shall never forget his great kindness to me when I was appointed to fulfil the position here that he had just vacated, nor the good and valuable advice he gave me with regard to the resources of the colony and other information of various kinds, thereby showing to me his very strong interest in the welfare of Tasmania There was one thing he repeatedly impressed upon me, and that washisappreciationof the Royal Society of 'Tasmania- (applause)- and the great amount of good it had conferred upon Tasmania He begged of me to in every way encourage the Royal Society It appears to me therefore very fit tug, indeed, that this memorial that has been erected in his memory by the people of the colony should find a home in the house of that society which he so appreciated, and of which he was the able and energetic president during the period of his connection with the. colony. (Applause.) The Secretary stated that he was requested by Sir James Agnew to apologise for his absence he was entirely owing to his suffering from severe illness after pre- siding at the meeting held on the 28th it!. He desired him (Mr. Morton) to read the following letter :- ' My dear Mr. Slorton,-It occurs to me that when the Hamilton memorial It holm: unveiled this evening it would be very satisfactory to subscribers if you could taken opportunity of kILik some final explanation in regard to it. Its Managing Committee, as you are aware, find a somewhat difficult task in fixing upon the most eligible form of memorial. Various suggestions were considered amongst others the endowment of a bed in a charitable Institu- tion, the plantation of an avenue of trees in the Domain, of public drinking fountain, etc. Due consideration was given to all suggestions, but finally the present form was adopted, as it was thought to be peculiarly appropriate. It was well Known tlintälrltobertUaniiltonliad always taken a most lively and practical interest in the affairs and proceedings of the Royal Society, and in the presentation of a fine set of the latest edition of the "Encyclopedia Britannica" and other works, had been a large and liberal donor to our library. Itsoomcd, therefore, that the products of the Royal Society and the National Museum wore a fitting locality for a commemorative tablet The happy suggestion of a drinking fountain. as an addition, was due, I think, to your own experience of the needs of visitors, especially of children, during the summer months. You might also, as a member of the committee, express a hope that the subscribers, and indeed the public generally, may consider that, in view of the means at our disposal, this result of our labours may not be thought to be altogether unsatisfactory. Very truly yours, J. W. Agnew. Letters of apology were also read from Sir Lambert Dobson, Mr. Justice Dodds, Miss Chapman (one of the hon. secs, of the Memorial Fund), and Mr. Barnard. Sir Philip Fysh spoke eloquently of Sir Robert Hamilton. His name they desired to hand down as long as the Museum buildings should endure. (Applause.) His memory lived in their hearts, and especially in the hearts of those who had been closely associated with him in this colony. (Applause.) He descended from a good old stock, and whilst in Tasmania manifested the greatest interest in all the institutions of the colony. (Applause.) They were privileged to see him open the Art Gallery and a similar one at Launceston. They all remembered how interesting and cultured were his ways and tastes, and how he endeavoured to make the art institutions of Tasmania what they ought to be the centre of culture for the colony, and in that sense had left behind him an elevated tone. He knew of instances where Sir Robert Hamilton was the means of inducing young people to take up work they had not previously thought of, and as they had progressed they would remember who it was that had taken such a kindly interest in them. (Applause.) As Governor he was most anxious to do all he could to forward the interests of the colony, and was untiring in his efforts to that end ; he was observing in the discharge of his duties, and had left behind him a record of a high type of a noble Christian gentleman. (Applause ) He died altogether too soon ; they all deplored his early death, and they all respected, very greatly, his memory, and he (Sir Philip Fysh) Was glad to be associated with those present in unveiling the handsome memorial which had been put up to Sir Robert Hamilton's memory. (Applause.) Hon. Advk Donnan also spoke in eulogistic terms of Sir Robert Hamilton. There was nothing of the hauteur of some of , our past Governors about him he was in all respects one of our best Governors. ! Tasmania had been very fortunate in respect to having good Governors, as he really did not remember a single man among them but of whom they could say he was a really good man and a good Governor. Lady Hamilton had also endeared herself very greatly to the whole people of Tasmania. (Applause.) She was a cultured, kind, and good woman, and had set a noble example to society at large (Applause.) A NIGHT IN A PETREL ROOKERY. Dr. Montgomery, Bishop of Tasmania, read an interesting paper on this subject. On February 29 last an opportunity pre- sented itself of enabling him to observe the habits of the sooty petrel in its breeding places, and he availed himself fully of it. Happening to be at Big Dog Island be walked down to the rookery at 2.30 a.m. under a full moon to watch the birds till they left their young for the day. A day or two later be sallied out at 9.30 p.m. and stayed till 2.30 a.m., completing, in this way, a night's observation. His experience was the same as that of residents in the locality. He was convinced that the petrels came back to their young silently. So silently that it has a ghost- like effect, in order to give as little notice as possible to their enemies, the big gulls, and to the crows. Hundreds of thousands of birds first up from the sea and disappear into their holes just as it is becoming dark, without uttering a note. The only disagreeable characteristic of this graceful bird is its hideous tackle. For at least an hour, up to 10 p.m., the gurglings and hoarse noises continue. Then silence falls on the rookery. The young birds are digesting, and the old birds are resting. Roe the parents are not all in their holes. A great many come out almost immediately, and walk about amongst the warm long grass. Finally, a great many sheep in the open air. He had spent a long time in stripping about among these sleep- ing birds as they crouched on the ground. They do not put their heads under their wings. At times a bird would walk up to him and stop at his foot, unconscious of danger, but the slightest movement made them scuttle away like rabbits, for they were quite unable to fly off the level ground. it is wonderful how fast they can ran down a track. He had seen a young fellow find it difficult to keep up with them. He saw them dance their ghostly quadrille previous to their departure seaward in the early morning. The young birds (numbering many hundred thousand were bushe I in complete silence under- ground. At 339 a.m. all the birds had disappeared to seaward. At 6.23 a.m., just 4 minutes after the last petrel had disappeared, he heard the wailing of a Pacific gull. In 20 minutes more a squadron of those great creatures, accompanied by as many crows, came reeling over his head, quaking, wailing, and quartering the ground carefully to see if any belated petrel could be discovered. If any old bird is late he makes for a hole, and does not stir out of it all day. Dr. Montgomery followed with an accurate account of the habits of the sooty petrel from the day it returns to breed in the Bass Straits to the time when it flies away, in all probability to Arctic regions. The sooty petrel returns to breed about September 17, having passed already. They commence at once to scratch out their holes, the process lasting off and on for about six weeks. One bird is always seen to be at work, but whether the work is divided is not known, though in all probability the labour is shared. They do not stay on the island in the day time, but come and go when it is dark, because they live in constant dread of the gulls and other enemies whilst it is light. It one is caught by the daylight it retires to its hole and does not stir till nightfall. This petrels depart about November 1, and are only seen occasionally till November 20, when they come back in countless thousands to lay their eggs one for each pair. The earliest period for the egg that he has heard of is November IS. Big Dog and Little Green islands are early islands for them. The egg is white and rather larger than a duck's egg. If the egg is taken the bird does not lay again. If some young birds are taken the old birds still return at night till the first flight for the southern latitudes commences. The eggs, if left in the hole more than three days, are not good for eating, but if secured at once they may be kept for some weeks. If the old birds, on coming back, discover that their young have been taken, they disgorge the oil meant for their offspring During the period of incubation the parents take it in turns, sitting for a week and then exchanging, The young bird appears about June 15-that is, two months after the egg has been laid. These petrels do not live on fish as a rule, but on small sea creatures such as shrimps or the berries of kelp, also, doubtless, on very young fish. The baby petrel is in danger for a fortnight or so from snakes, and a certain number are destroyed. The holes are about 2ft. or 3ft. deep. It was asserted to him by both white and half-castes that when the feathers of the young birds are well grown (about the last days of April) and they are able t ? fly, their parents wholly desert them, leaving them to find the water and food themselves. When the young birds have been left for a week starvation forces them out of their holes. It is also attested by all that as soon as the young bird emerges from its hole, driven forth by hunger, it commences to swallow gravel, and it is unanimously asserted that until the young petrel has ballasted itself with gravel it can neither swim upright nor fly. A great many young birds fall victims to their enemies, yet the sea is black with them in May, and it is computed that out of 300,000 young petrels in a rookery, fully 100,000 escape in safety to join their parents somewhere near the South Pole. The birds only visit our shores to rear their offspring. , MDXTON-BIRDINO. The second part of Dr. Montgomery's paper had reference to mutton birding, a unique industry, and only carried on in the Furneaux Islands as a regular one. It is is likely to assume still larger proportions. file " birding " begins on March 20 Before that date the temporary huts of the workers have been repaired, and wood and water stored. An average family attempts to catch and salt about 400 birds a day. On wet days it is impossible to work, and even in fine weather the destruction of clothing is great. A new band finds himself almost harmonies after a few days of work, which consists of crawling about among rough bushes and lying extended upon the ground, burrowing with the arm into deep holes. Whether this industry will ever be popular on islands where there are snakes is doubtful. Babel Island, where the birds are most numerous, is virtually unvisited at present, and swarms with snakes. The regulations of the Government, the Bishop considers, are adequate for the protection of these birds families on Chappell Island exult in the capture of not more than about 200,000 young birds out of a possible 300,000, leaving a very fair margin. As a good many islands on the Australian shore have no water and no boat harbours, and swarm with birds, there is no prospect of their destruction, is regards thesaltedbirds, it may be as well to point out to possible consumers that they are all young that they have fed on nothing but oil, and have never left their holes except to die. The process called falling" ought to be discouraged. It is only resorted to by a few families, and the general sense of the island community is against them. The latter catches his bird, empties the oil into a can on the rookery, and brings the carcases down without any care to the boilers, into which they are thrown, and boiled down for the fat alone, it means that a family can take 1,000 birds for this process, whilst the salters can only capture 500. The flesh of these birds is nutritious, and readily finds a market, and Government has been wise in regulating it. As time goes on the ruin will have to be made more stringent, but there is no need to move too fast. The time is coming when the number of hands harding on Chappell Island will have to be restricted. The number of families grows as the half castes increase, and probably the limit of the workers has already been reached. This island has always been looked upon as sort of perquisite for the half-castes, and rightly so in his (Dr. Montgomery's) opinion ; but the number of half-caste workers must soon be restricted in their own interests, and he was glad to note that the older men have this year been suggesting that younger families should go to Babel ! Island, on the east coast of Flinders. It is much to be desired that the old birds should be protected whilst they are feeding their young. At the present time it is the custom in February and March to catch the old birds at night for consumption till the breed- ing season commences. It is feared that many thousands of these parent birds are thus caught. Doubtless it would be better to protect all the eggs, but inasmuch as they are not now permitted to be sold, and in they are only fit to eat for two or three days after they are laid, and are supposed to be eaten on the spot, no great amount of harm cm i be done. He imagined that the capacity of a half-caste cannot equal that of the Tas ' manian pure aboriginal, one of whom, It is ! said, was seen to consume 62 eggs in one day. (laughter.) several views, by the aid of a lantern, | were then thrown on the screen, whereby Dr. Montgomery illustrated the islands, the mutton birds, half-castes, etc., and which proved very interesting. MR. JOHNSTON'S PAPERS. The discussion en- Mr. Johnston's paper on the health of Hobart was then opened by Mr. Maclay, who spoke of it as a singularly able paper. The speaker claimed that the general reduction in the number of cases of disease, was due to the passing of a Health Act in each of the Australian colonies and its administration. The statistics given by Mr. Johnston showed that the cases of typhoid fever should be lower in such an otherwise extremely healthy city. Sydney was in advance of Hobart in that respect. He referred to how sanitation had reduced the number of cases of fever in the old country, and insisted that if improved results were obtained elsewhere, why not in Hobart T As regards phthisis, emphasis should be given to the fact of Hobart's freedom from it, The number of cases I stood the lowest in the list of all the cities instanced in all parts of the world. In respect to all diseases connected with the fangs Hobart was the lowest of any of the many towns he had mentioned, and the place should prove a very trying one for a sanatorium for con- sumptive cases. (Applause.) Major-General Tottenham said it seemed to him that there was one other matter which required consideration as a factor in the judgment of healthiness of a place or district, whether as to natural or artificial conditions. He disclaimed any desire to decry or to fix the stigma of unhealthiness on Hobart. He came to Hobart It years ago hardly able to walk half a mile at a snail's pace, and his tolerably known capacity in locomotion now needed no statistics to attribute to the healthful air of Tasmania. It was a deep debt of gratitude which had impelled him to advocate so strenuously and persistently improved sanitation in Hobart, in order that the health of the city-the healthiest he had ever seen in the world, and he had seen a good many should be rendered still healthier. (Applause.) What he complained of was the existence in past years of preventable disease unwarranted by the exceptional advantages of the site, and due, in his opinion, and not in his alone, to municipal neglect of sanitary laws. (Warm applause.) Mr. Johnston had placed before them a series of tabular statements, the burden of each being a death rate. Those tables showed undoubted statistical acumen and patient research. The " mortality of disease was well set forth, but he (Major-General Tottenham) had searched in vain for the " prevalence of disease," as indicated by the number of cases of pre- ventable disease occurring in each city reviewed. The exclusion of only " old age and senile decay " from preventable causes, classified all other deaths amongst the possible. That, unintentionally no doubt, gave a false view as regarded "sanitary state " for diseases were due to public as well as private responsibility or neglect of such. The ordinary acceptation of the term preventable disease" was disease by governmental or municipal decree, so to speak. There should be no municipal or governmentnegleetinthiirespeet.(Applsnse.) The mere death-rate of a place could not be regarded as a fully trustworthy test of its healthfulness, "All the fever cases in Hobart were not notified, and the speaker gave statistics to support his contention. As Mr, Johnston had indicated, without accurate statistics they could not know, prove, or compare anything. As a soldier he could not afford to ''enthuse" over statistics, the bases of which were, to say the least, of uncertain origin. (Applause.) Mr. W. F. Ward (Government Analyst) considered that Mr. Johnston's paper could i not fail to convince anyone who would take the trouble to read it carefully, that ex I eluding the deaths of old people, which formed such a large proportion of the deaths, and the old must die, Hobart death rate i was lower than that of other Australasian cities. But even this was not sufficient to i attract the attention of visitors, and so he suggested that the monthly statements might either be so modified as to emphasise every time the high rate from old age alone occurred, or that the vital statistics be published at longer intervals, with full details. The question, however, was not, he thought, so much one of figures as of the general health reputation of the place, and in this we had suffered somewhat, owing, in the first place, to a few cows spicuous cases of diphtheria last summer, and in the second, to perhaps a greater degree, to a statement repeated again and again that the town smelt to quite an unusual extent; that bad odours were in fact " frequent and painful and free, the cause being the want of rain to wash the town. Now, the ordinary passer-by did not stop to investigate, but classed everything which offended his or her nostrils, comprehensively as " drains," declaimed accordingly, and anticipated germs, although it might be no more than the powerful but harmless water in which a Babbage had been boiled. (Laughter and applause.) Yet the good name of the city suffered. (Hear, hear.) There was no necessary connection between bad smells and infectious diseases, Human beings could often, for long periods, eat, drink, and breathe more or less filth, and be apparently not much the worse until the specific germs are somehow introduced Which thou increase, multiply, and spread in the congenial soil, so that typhoid and diphtheria were known as " filth diseases." It followed, therefore, that though offensive odours might in some cases be practically harmless, yet there was no reason why they should be tolerated if they could by any possibility be got rid of, and if enthusiasts had occasionally exaggerated their effects as well as the death-rate, yet enthusiasm carried most reforms, and had in this case great, if not full, justification. (Applause.) Mr. JohNSTON, in replying on the discussion, said he was glad that the main object of his paper had been accomplished. It was his endeavour to show the distinction between the sanitation of a place and its healthfulness that it did not necessarily follow that while the sanitary conditions were not as complete as they might be, therefore its health was bad, for during a time being a city might be is a bad state of health, and yet have the best system of sanitation in the world. It seemed to be conceded on all sides that Hobart in the last two or three years had been in a most satisfactory condition as regards its health, but there were differences of opinion as to the causes. He had studied the subject for many years, and still believed that whilst sanitation was valuable in reducing certain diseases, such as typhoid, the great causes of such diseases were still beyond man's control. The percentages had fallen low in' some years before any Health Acts were passed, although he admitted that in England typhoid fever cases had of late years been greatly reduced. Too little credit seemed to be given to the increased knowledge of medical men in the treatment of such diseases, and the improved habits of the people. He agreed with Mr. Mault that sanitary agencies were powerful influences in reducing the number of fever cases, but they were not the only one, and they did not produce such good results as one should like to see. As to what Major General Tottenham had said about the returns supplied to and used by statisticians not being reliable, the objection out the ground from the objector's own feet, as he had quoted such statistics himself. (Laughter.) He would, however, be sorry if the effect of his paper would be that decreased attention would be given in Hobart or anywhere else to the importance of sanitation. (Applanss ) ! volute shall! . Mr. C. E. Beddome presented a paper on a new variety of volute shells, accompanied by beautiful drawings of the shells made by Mr. W. L. May, of Sandford. TASMANIAN MOLLISON. Two short papers prepared by Mrs. Kenyon, of Melbourne (who was elected a member at the previous meeting), were presented by the secretary. One was entitled, "Some Conchological Notes on Tasmanian Mollusca," and the other, " Notes on the Effects of the Atmosphere on the Shells of the Molluscs." The secretary laid on the table a valuable and comprehensive work presented by the Ceylon Government to the Council of the University, entitled, " Architectural Remains at Ceylon, comprising a Dagabns and certain other ancient structures, measured, drawn, and described by Mr. James G. Smither, F.R.I.B.A., late architect to the Government of Ceylon." The work contains much descriptive matter and 67 lithographic plates. The meeting 'then terminated with the usual vote of thanks. Dox'T Oouoil.-Itelief eau 0.1 contains little variety. Use" Kkahnu's Cocoa 1,o¿i..no.í¿" well known as the utterly inter-allied Laugh Remedy. Strongly recommended by many eminent physicians. They at once check the cough and remove the cause without any after effect; the most delicate can therefore take' them. One Lozenge alone gives ease-one or ^oatbe4ÜmeeusBy^i»»U Sold Slilljnhaw 