East Maitland Wesley an Church. ANNIVERSABY SERVICES. Tho anniversary'Borviooa in connection with tho Weeleynn Ohuroh, East Mnitlnnd, were hold on Sunday, the preachor being tho Him. J. S, Larke, of Canada, Tho services rvoro ninon« the most successful evor hold in tho olniroh, baing bright, cheerful, instructive, and largely attended. In the morning tho preacher took for his test, Matthew iv., 17 i 'Repent;, for tho Kingdom of Hoavou is »t hand.' Mr. Larko reforrod n groafc cJonl to' fcho earthly kingdom, and proceeded to sliow that the Kingdom of Heavon was not to bo found hero or there in different: plaooq, In roforence to the. Heavenly Kingdom, it did not mean a king dom in Hoaven j it was found in tho hearts of men, and it consisted of rightoouuneas and penoe and joy in the Holy_ Ghost, la tho afternoon a song and gospel service was held, tho sermon being founded upon Aots iv, 12 : ' Neither iu thoro salvation in any other, for fchora is none othor name under houvon giron among mon whereby wo must bo saved,' Tho-proaohor fcouohod upon the eubjeob of education, referring to Grooiau and Bomnn history und to what tho old world triad to do to lift the masses and to bonoflt humanity. Gettiug round to the subject of tho taxh, ho, spoke of tho salvation by Jesus Christ ae being tha onlj salvation for tho amelioration of tho oonditiou of the inaasos. In tho ovoning the aubjeob of tho discourse wbb Matthew, iv, 4 s ' Man ohalj not live by broad alone,' Thie sermon was tho best of the day, .''Mr. Lntke stattedjOff with tho statement that the fool of old said that' thero was no God, and tho fool of to-day sayB thorn is no man. Thin brought him to tho Darwinian theory, and ho touched upon tho physical formation of man and that of animals, which woro shown by DoiontiatB t» be ollko. Then he camo on to danl with man as an intelligent being and of his buinpj superior to other auirnale bcoftuao tho Lord God had breathed into his nostrils tho breath of life, bo that man booame a living soul. Ho showed thatmtin's spiritual nature was not BUHtikiuod by moro broad which- aatinuofl physloal hunger, bub required 'something moro substantial — tho Broad of Life, for inattuco. . Last ovoning a tea meeting was hold iu the ohuroh, nnd' n large number sib down to splondid -uk1 woll- Buppliod tablos proparod by tho Ittdlon of the conurojraMon. A -publio meeting was afterwards hold, tlio Env. B. Lnno; pastor of tho ohuroh, oaoupyinpr the ohair. Tho Hon. J. S.; Larke, .the Itovd, 'W, Hill and 0, Jouos woro also pronont, Tho prooocdings woro opon'ed with a hymn, and then Mr, Hill lod in prayor, tho ohoir sinpting tho Lord's Prayer. Tho ohoir afterwards ronderod tho imthora ' Praiflo ye tlio Lord.1' Tho Oimiuman apol«i?lBod for tho abeouoo of tho Hon. Alox, Brown( who had proniinnd to tnko the ohair, Owing to a Hnrious aillictlon in Mr, Browri'n family ho had boon unublo to bo present, and had forwarded a letter of apology. Tho Rev. It. Jaokson Imd also ocnt ah apology fur his absence, 'i'ho speulcer said it gnvo him plonBura to moot; bin friends onoo moro on an. annivoraary oooaaion. This wob tho third ho tincl'hnd tho privllcgo of attending in that ohuroh, and its thoy know, intho natural order of things, it would bo his last, an Woeloyan ministers had to loavo ovory throo yoats, First it waarighb ho ahould rcoognino tho kindnoss of friends who hud oomo from n diatduoo fclmfcovon ing, He saw pooplo from West Maitlaud, Bolwarrn, Lnrgs, and other plaoos/aud ib was only right this prinolpio should boooino moro oxtoh-1ed no that pooplo who bollovod in ohuroli work would gob togothor, Qno of tho faults of tlio Christian Ohuroh 'of torday was that tho mprnborn livod ton, much by .thoraeslvofl. Tlioy soomod ofton to bo .sahieflod with tho uorvlaoo iu their pattlottlar ohurahoa, and did uot oftro to mix with tho othorpi that vyas a mistalro, In worldly matturs, pooplo oxolmiigad vlsltd and hdlpod and stipportod oaoh otlior,and (iho anino thing should apply in tho ohuroh, Ha was ploaaod to roporfc that, no far as his judgment wont, fclio aplrltmil aldo of tlio oliurnh was in advanoo of wliivt ib was twolvo montliH i»ro, Ho did nob moan to oay thnt thoy woro whoro th«y ahonM bo in thoir. Bplrltual llfo i but thoy had roason to bullovo thoro was n good Christian fooling cxIbHiir amoripr tho momoOL'fl. .I.HO uuriauiiiu iunuunvuur aouuiuy '»-* boon doinpf good work, and thoro had boon satlnfao fcory nplrlfcunl fooling In --Uo moobltiffa, Thoy bcllnvod that God was with thorn nnd thab Ho wan hnlping thorn i apd thoy wero hoping for, bHII boltur tlmna, Ho waa sorry ho was nob nblo -jo nponk an onaouraftlngly ' nboub tho flimnooai bub ho thought Hasb Malllimd nood, take no sooond ploao to any olroulb.in tho dlobrlab, Afc tho ldHb annivnraary thoy would romombor ho wiih ablo to any thoy had a orodib bnlnuoo, Thoy ooitld not now ropnrt ft surplus wibh trust fnnds, nnd thoy woro nob in auoh a Rood ponition wibh tho olroulf) funds, Bub bhara vras a roaeon for thin. Thoy woro butldlnpf ft now ahnroh ab Lnrgo, and— an UQUsunl thing In aitsh onaoa— thoy hopnu to bo nblo ioetvy thnt) tho ohuroh was oponod prAotioally oub of debt. They bad to raise about JK300, and they had something like JC2G0 in the bank at present. It waa not to bo expected then thnt tho other funds v;ould ba in aa good a position m thoy would like. The current income had been i25 16s 2d, whilo tho current expenses wero £20 17s 2d fincluding bank interest), which left a debit balance of £i Os 4d. The rotarns of the anniversary wero expected to realieo about £12. The total liability to the bank was X1C5 Is 8d. Some years ago they bad borrowed £100, without interoafc, from tho Loan Committee in Sydney j but none of it had yet been paid buck, making tho sum duo to tho loan committee, includ ing an old balance, £180 10s. Ho urged that some effort should be mado to pay off portion of fcbiB. Tho position, however, was not as bad as it looked from tho actual cash return?. The defi ciency on the current expenses for the year wob £i Os 4d, but unfortunately they had arrears in pew rents of over £Q. The collections the previous day amounted to £1. With tho proceeds at tbo tea meeting those amounts would oome to £18 or £20, which made the position a little brighter than it appeared at lirst. ile nopea as a result ot the meeting he would be able to reduce the bank over draft; the limit was £150, but they had been gonerously allowed to overstep it by a few pounds. This was a statement of the accounts for the past year, and also the exact position of the property (rant fund. (Applause.)' Tho choir then B.ang tho anthem, ' Sun of my soul.' ' ? .'??;??' The Rev. C. Jones expressed his pleasure at being present, having attended tho meeting at a sacrifice to ethers. Knowing1 his gift of speech, ho expressed regret at the absence from the promised position in the cli'Ur of the Hot], Alex, Brown. He was going to say some thing of Christianity without making nny apology for it. Although the world was not an we would like it to be— not by a great deal— they had not 'seen tho sircrds beaten into plough shares and the spears into pruning hooks, nor do they boo any indication that nations wero hot going to war any more. Never theless there was one consolation when all things were considered— the Lord God reigneth over all, and when the time comeB, with one stroke of His hand, all things will be eofc right. God would look into all things, and the haughty looks of mnn shall bo laid low ; ovorlasting joy would be on tho heads of right living Christians. But to come back to this corner of the vineyard, as old Methodists say. (Laughter.) Tho anniversary of a ohuroh was a very important event, and interesting. He was glad Mr. Lane took that .view, because tho \V'(iBt Maitland anniversary oomes next — (laughter)— and ho hoped to see them ovor thoro to hoar tho President of the oonference. These anniversaries wero something like tho annual fairs which the drapers, grocers, ironmongers, etc, had each year, There was a great selling' off and every induoemenfc— 10, 12, and even .20 per cent.— - was put forward to get people to 'buy. Then^ camo the stock-taking. That was just like tha anniver sary. Many a mnn was made to look serisus when he oame to take stock, booauso bo finds tb.it after his year's business ho is a little worse off than he was twelve months before. He would like to ask — how do matters stand at tliis great stooktnking P Lot them ask themselves had they during the paBt year been holding thoir own with tho people, A great number of people are buing enrolled in tho Sabbath school, and tho question ariaeB — Aro they growing up in tho churoh P If thoy asked tbo Sunday school toaohora. about the young mon growing up thoy would toll that they bad groat difficulty io holding them — ' that thoy are not growing up in tho churoh. They think themselves too old to attend the school, did not keep to tho ohuroh, and wera lost to them, Let them ask themselves — Havo we been holding our own, have wo boon keeping to the old Methodist principles; havo we boon going oub inbo tho world and snatching, brands from tho burning i have wo boon bringing these pcoplo baok to the churoh P Thoirsuccoss had notbeen what they would oxpeotit to be. Tho membership was the church's barometer. It spoke of thoir intercourse with God, Had their members increased — had tho body of God's people increased? Did ib not striks thorn that ohuroh membership was little prized to-day — that ib was little valued P Many pooplo did not care if «hoy wore members or not, Why was this P Thoy could answer tho question better thaa ho could. Ono reason for ib was that Christian peoplo did not aot up to their bolUf, Go where they would and seek to bring poor sinners to Christ, and persons would bo mob with tho objootion s ' Whoro aro your Christians, they do nob aot right.' It was a sad faob that they wore nob honest to thoir religion. Like Saul of old, destroying ovory thing whioh was of no use to him and keeping that trhioh was — if it oosb peoplo anything thoy wero not willing to do it, but if it involves any snoriflco ' tboy wero uob thoro.' Thoy wanted to bo true to themselves, to thoir God, to thoir ohuroli, as truo as tho noodle was to tho polo. All thoir actions tnuRfc bo honost, wbioh would holp thoir minister, their ohuroh, and Christ. But tho peoplo wero not all to blame, Ho considorod ministers had too ranch to do with money matters. Thoy had everything to do with saving souls, nud visiting pooplo, but nothing with money, except to re oelvo thoir ohoquos ob snlary, Ho depreontod mlnistors having to undertake to raise money for building, ohurohos or getting in inonoy for their own salary. He oonsldorod ib was a mistake' not to proaoh tho Gospel in tho Rood old Methodist stylo, by which peoplo booamo so frightonod that they oriod, 'Lord bo moroiful to mo a sinner,' Ho belioved pooplo wore beginning to loso a groat deal of the dread of boll, and to look upon it as muoh Iobb awful than it waB. Ministers did not bring boforo peoplo thab grand old Mothodint doctrino which pictures tho salvation of a man's soul as porfoot lifu. On tho question of homo training, tho good of iiho Sabbath training was often oheakod by lack of training in tho homo. Ho did not think all tho forces in the ohuroh wero sufficiently utilised, and ho instanoed what oould bo done in this direction by a roforonoe to tho Christian Endeavour Sooioty. Ho aonoludbd n poworfu! address by an amusing story. Tho ohoir sang tho anthem, ' Tho now song.' . Tho Hon. J. S Lahkb, who was rooeivod with 'npplnuse, s.iid ho rogrottod thab tho Bov.' Mr, Lano was in tho ohair thab night, bub on different grounds from tho Bov. Mr. Jones i bo rogrotted thab Mr, Brown, through afllloHon, was nob prosonfc, Ho did nob rogrob, hoTrovor, that an alteration had boon made iu tho order of speakors, by whioh Mr. .Tones had gone first. Apropos, in tho oity of Philadelphia, United States, ho noticed they rofusod to allow tho. railway to oomo further than tho munioipal boundary, so thnfe all luggagp and goods had to bo transferred by animal fpowor, Ho saw also that this was invariahly done with niulos. But no matter how ninny mules woro omployod— four, bIx, or oighb, thero was always ono horns in Iho load, On ono eoonslon, bowoyor, ho nakod n ooloured driver (Uiero was always a coloured driver) why, a horse ? was always put in tho lend. Tho drivor repilod, ' Wall, sir, tho mulo am very Rood to pull, Uut ho hubn'b tho brains to lond,' Tho Ohnirman that evening hnd put tho brains first. (Continued lnughtor,) Ho llknd tko stylo in whiuh U-, Jonoa brontod'hlri audlonoe, Ho was a Mobhodlab from Canada, atid hnd boon a lifctlo anxious as to how to addross thorn, Thoro wan n grnab inclination in Amnrlon, na thoro was in Australia, to orato. Ho vtiw a Canadian, but ho waB an Unglishninn in Oanada, It was onid thnt nu Irishman is novor nt ponoo unloss ho Iu at war, and an Englishman is nevor happy unless ho in misorablo— (Lftughter) — and whon ho in miRor ablo ha is bound to grumble, Ho was an Euglluh man In, bins rospoob, nnd ho grumbled beoRUKn ho saw tnot'O' bonnoes that! baro heads in hia autllunoo —moro womon than raon. Ho, Uowovor, proforrod tho Connor for nn nudlonoa, nud in illustration gavo n story of how a number of woinou hnd boatod thn mombors of tho oppotito box in a division whioh ooourrod in ono of tho ohurahos in Canada. But nlthough ho would sooner have the falrorsox nronont, ho wnnfcod thauiuu alssi thoyought tobavu tho iauio intorosb in tho ohuroh as thu womon had, Kt to ton mootliiRS, thoy woro Rottins; rid of thorn in Oiui'idn, TUoy woro protty oolfluh thoro i if thoy wntitotl nnyono to do anything for nothinp,- lob bliom nob go to Canada to auk him, In Canntla thoy did not ano that thoy worit umkim; onou^h monny out of ton luootluffo, owln/f to tho «oal« on whioh thoy woro organlRod, Hub in that country nt tho annf voreftry .thoy ndoptod ft diilaronb plan to Mtolv Auitirnllnn brothron. Thoy plaond tho ponltlon of tho ohuroh baforo tho mamboro iioma dnyn prior to iiho ftnnivornnry, i-nd naid thoy wnntnd a oertnin sum of mouny. In nearly ovory onuo tho amount tukod for wan forthooinln/j. Ho advooatud tho people mooting toguthor an nt n toa mooting, in BOoial intoroourso, ' and talking congregational matbors ovor, Ho would like, nlao, to gob tho mon who woro not proeeni; nnd ask them why they were not there. Ha believed that no ono should support a church unlesB he knew that the church repaid him. Ho did not think thoy should ask any man to contribute unless they could prove that the church repays him. Hut, ho pointed out, no ono who gava or worked for God is not repaid. Concerning children, the (speaker said it wan a calamity to delognto tho training of tho children to anyone elso. They got too much of tho ^ramming system in Canada, and the Hon. Alex. Brown hnd informed him that it was bo iu this country. The children were taught simply certain facta. Ho advocated that they be tnugbt to think. It waa said that peoplo iu Canada went to church moro than any other pooplo. It was not because they wore better people. The climate for ono thing was a reason. In winter it was not attractive out of doors, and pooplo liked to stay at homo. Now, pcoplo who wero homo peoplo, as a rulo, liked to go to church. In Sydney for instance people left their work atone o'closk on SaturdayB, and often returned home late on Saturday nights from thoir recreation or amusement, Tho consequence was that they wore overcome, and 'took it out' of the church on the Sabbath. In Toronto, they had the mo«t perfect Sabbith : thero were no trams, trains, haoknoy coaches, or 'buses plying for hire j no horols open. There the majority of tho peoplo attending tho ohurchos wero Methodists. (A.pplause.) Tho speaker gave some interesting information con cerning the Indians in America. In tho United States, he pointed out, the people had endeavoured to subjugate the natives, and serious fights had taken place, whioh hnd coat the cuuntry an enor mous sum of money. In Canada, there hnd not been a fight with tho natives. The reason was that the missionaries hnd boon beforo tho Bottlers, and had preached the gospel among tho Indians. Whon tho settlers arrived, tho United StateB Indians had ondaavoured to abir up rebellion among tho Canadian natives by telling them that they would loso their buffalo aa had been the case in tho States, But the result was that thoy woro unable to stir any one native who had been within reach of tho teaching of tho mis sionaries, (Applause.) It had thuB more than paid tho country to keep tho ohuroh going thero. Ho contrasted tho attendances at tho churohos in Canada with those in Australin, to the discredit of tho latter. Ho gave his oxpurionco on landing in Sydnoy aboub Sunday travelling, how the matter had struck him, and how he had gradually driffcod in tho colonial way of looking upon it almost with indifference. Going baok again to tbo subject of tho absence of males from tho meetings, ho urged that mon attend the ohuroh on national arounds. If thoy wanted to preserve the country thoy wanted the men ab the ohurch. The wanted the gospel of Jesus Christ to koop this a free and honest country. (ApplaUBO.) Tho Eev, W, Hill expressed his pleasure at ?being -preiont. Ho lind, ho said, preached and spoken in that building perhaps more often than anyone else. It was an old church— built in 1858. It had been an expensive ohuroh as a whole: ho wished it was out of debt. Tho West Maitland church was built tho year following the oreotion of the one in East Maitland, At tho first anniversary ol the latter, a ton meeting was hold in a mill near by, and yielded £100. Thoir minister would be aatisflod if they raised a quarter of that. The Bpenker expressed hia pleasure ab meeting Mr. Larke, and regretted the absence of Mr. Brown. Mr. Hill, in a humorous manner, then proceeded to deal with a number of tho leading ' fads' of tho day, and created muoh laughter. Ho advocated men giving up smoking and devoting tho money thus saved to paying off tho circuit debt. He re marked upon tho small percentage of crimi nals of tho Weslayan denomination in th-3 gaota and the absence of orimo among this class. Speaking of politics, ho opposod the income tax nnd said retronohment should havo begun at the top, at tho Governor's anlnry, and oomo down. . He drew attention to tho assertion ot Minietor. Car ruthors on Saturday at a Wo ploy an mooting that 'to be a Ministar of tho Church was a much greater honour than to be a Minister of tho Crown.' Tho gentleman had good judgment, and showed it. Ho must, in conclusion, refer to tho plotsure ho felt in listening to Mr. Larke tho previous evening. Ho did not know if thoro wero nny disoiples oC Darwin prosont but if thoro woro thoy must have gob a bad timo. Ho did not beliuvo in Darwinism, nnd ho gavo some of hia tonsons. Ho thankod Mr. Larko for tho sermon, and said as ho had oomo to tho country ho hoped ho would do groat good in it. (Applause. ) Mr, Parr moved a voto of thanks to tho Hou, J. 8\. Larko for his ablo discourses on Sunday and his address that night;, also to the Revs, W. Hill nnd C. Jonos, tho choir, nnd tho ladies who had assisted to make tho anniversary sorvioes the success they woro. Mr. Mansfiuld seoondod the motion, whioh was supportod by tho Chairman, and carried with acclamation. Tho Hon. S. S, Larkie ropliod on behalf of himself nnd tho othors. . '. ?. Tho mooting was brought to a conclusion with tbo singing of tho Doxology and bho pronunciation of the bonodiction. . ? 