HO! -(^SAPTER VlII. Continued —HOW THE NOBLE ^BROTHERHOOD OF T I E ROSE WAS FOUNDED. (Br CHAKLES KINGSLEY.) i . a chair bottom,' cried Carv; arid i ng it in his left, flourished bis -Bwan^w fiercely, and called so loudly to Goflbito come on, that all present found it jjecessary, unless they wished blood to be spilt,' to turn the matter off with a laugh; but Jack would not hear of it. \- v?:Nay; if you will let me be of your brother- .'lioo,d,.well and good; but if not, one or other I wiir fight; and that's flat.' VTon see, gentlemen,' said Amyas, ' we must admit him or die the death; BO we needs lanugo when Sir Urian drives. Come up, Jti^'aiid take the oaths. You admit him, ? e$£!eihen V vfjfeet me but be your chaplain,' said Jack, ^na^praT for your luck when you're at the wiifc' fJlJl do stay at home in a country eiiiiacjr; 'tis not much that you need be jealousof me with her, I reckon,' said Jack, with a pit^iietioal glance at his own stomach. i'Sial'saidCaryf 'butif he be artmittef, ittnfciktbe done according to the solemn forms a$B ceijlnonies in such cases provided. Take Ijimjnto the next room, Amyas, and prepare himforhjs initiation.' v^* ; f?hai'sflial?' asked Amyas, puizled by th£*tord. Bat judging from the corner of initiation was Latin for a practical jokfe, he led forth his victim behind :- :lne''Mrr&s; again, and waited five minutes while the room was being darkened, till Fcfenk's voice called to him to bring in the \- ' John Brimblecombe.' Said Frank in a aepqlchraltone,' you cannot be ignorant, as aschplar and bachelor of Oxford, of that dread Sacrament by which Catiline bound tSe feoulof his fellow-conspirators, in order that-both by the daring of the deed he might have^prcfof oftheir eincerity, and by the horror thereof astrisge their souls by adamantine, letters, and Novem-Stygian oaths, to \- that ^huefrom hereafter the weakness of the Hesh miglit shrink. Wherefore, O Jack l we tap have determined, following that ancient •l^ iclaBSlcal example, to fill, as he did, a fcowj'with the life-blood of our most heroic •ewes.ftfidto pledge each other therein, with whereat the stars shall tremble in their . spheres, and Luna, blushing, veil her silver •ffeeks. Your blood alone is wanted to fill up tbk goblet Sit down, John Brimblecombe, liiSbate jourarml' AIA. | JT^BI,- Mr. Prank.! ' saqgfeck; who was as fic^perBti.tiouB ia any old- wife, and, what , #itlirlfaB j[arknes8 and the discourse, already . ^Stit mriiQ Ijttts 1 or depart as recreant, Ihe door like a man, but jip the a fluttermouse.' . rank!' jujce. or the chimney! Choose 1' toust,'said Jack; 'but it's desbeoausp you can't kepp faith **'ittrouB oaths, I must take l l»n kept faith this three lany;' . ' ^appeal Frank nearly as todjCary had thrust the and all was prepaid for , .aocording to the classic , ^r,/,pary ; I'll shntih'em j&i; • but not with >6ur _ __ illiam^surt, notwith afford to' lose "*"' '" " jftjr—-I c&tft; indeed ;sure, ?ws'«dt wit here, to my iht Af J&nerousjuioe;! FJow on, £HdW hebleeds I—pints, quartsli ^ f r 1»tood, W: ilway? at ^grudge it; ofcounenoLEh, ^ a surgeon, if, youlove., mel I'm golfig Aft^r:' I'm fainting}'^ " " ' Di'ink, then? , dryik Jtuilwfeat his Jtack,t3aryi HRe. man ! it will be all Mr/or in Now, Frank.! ' fT'"\\\ • And Fr'nk spoke— i > : ' If pliubted troth I fail. < reveal. — May Goiijt.an ghosts around tny pillow squeal; While Ale's brazen c!aws distrihge jiiy spleen in sunder, And dt^K me deep to Pluto's keep, 'mid brimstone, emoke, and thunder! • Placetn?, domine ?' ' Placet 1' squeaked Jack, who thought hinS s . self at the last gap, and gulped down ftdl three- qu.o teiB of the goblet which Cary heta to his lips. . , J v ' Ughr-Ah—Puh! Mercy on us U';- It tastes mighty like winey . " /K. - ' A proof, ray virtuous brother,' said Frank,, 'first, cf thy abstemiousness, which has fl&fe; forgotten what wine tastes like; and next, of thy pure and heroical affection, by which, carnal senses being exalted to a higher supra-lunar sphere, like those Platoi dsmonizomenoi and enthusiazomenoi whotot Jamblichus says that they were sible to wounds and flame, and much mi 'therefore, to evil savours), doth make even the most nauseous draught redolent of thrft celestial fragrance, which proceeding, O J&ck; l froih thine own inward virtue, assimilat sympathy even outward accidents uni Own harmony and melody; for fragrani as has been said well, the song of flo' and sweetness, the music of apples—Ah Go in peace, thou hast conquered !' (Put him out of the door, Will,' sail Aipyas, • pr he will swoon on our hands.' , ' Give him some sack,' paid Frank. ' Not a blessed drop of yours, sir,' said Jack. ' I like good wine as well as any min on earth, and see as little of it; but not a drop of yours, sirs, after your frumps an<T' fronts about panging-on and trencher-scraping. When I first began to love her, I bij good-bye to all xlirty tricks; for I had sortie one then for whbm to keep myself clean.', s' And so Jack was ttnt hpme, with a piftt&f; good red Alicant wine ih him (more, poor fellow, than he had tasted at pace in his.Me before); while the rest, in high glee with them^plves and the rest of the world, relighted the candles, had a right merry eYuring sand parted like good f'iends and sensible gentlemen bt Devon, thinking (all exceptJFxanV v Jack ^rimblecombe and his vow the jest they had heard for many a day. ' which they all departed; Ainyasand Ca^y Winter's squadron; Frank (as soon afe. could travel) to the Court again ; ana with him young Basset, whose father Sir ^r^Jir, being in London, procured for him a- oafe's place in Leicester's household. Foi and Chichester went to their brothei Dublin; 8t. Leger to his uncle the Mars! of Munster; poffin joined Champernotui ang Norris in the Netherlands; and so t^ft Brotherhood of the Rose was scattered far and wide, and Mistress Salterne was left alone with hei^looking-glass. k . ; • CHAPTER IX.—How AXYAS KEPT HIS, CHRISTMAS DAY. • Take aim, you noble musqueteers, And shoot«you round about; W ., Stand to it, valiant pikemen, And vte shall keep them out. - . . There's not a man of all of us A foot wili'backward flee j I'll be the foremost man in fight, Eliiabtthan Ballad. It was the blessed Christmas aftenw^n. The light watf fading down; the even :spmg was done; and the good folks of Bidefprd were trooping home in merry groups, the father with his children, the lover with,4iis sweetheart, tojtakes and ale, and flapdj and mummer's plays, and all, the sports of Christmas night. One-lad; wrapped close in her black muffler lowed by her mpid, walked swiftly, yet toward the long causeway and led to NorthaA town. Sir Biol and his wife caught her up and courteously. - ' You will come home with us, said LadyGrenvile, 'and spend Christmas night?' . , ,, Mrs. Leigh smiled sweetly, and; hand on Lady Grenvile's arm, pt the other to 'the westward, and said- : 'X oaanot weU spend, a merry Chjirtmas ttlght while that^sowsd if in my eaw. ^ ^Tlbltt whole annmd lookM in the j^ireotion in «b»h flhe pointed. Above thdr bfcito iite «oft blue sky was fading into gray. aMJwre aiid.there a misty stat peeped out; bittlo the westward, where the d»wasand woods of Bileigb closed in with ttiMe ^f Abbottham. theolue Was webbed and tufted vHlth delicate fiakes; iridescent Bpots, marking thepath by which the sun had/unk, •howedallthe*elouft of the dyingdo^hto; aoAlow«n the borietm lay a long Iwndof grassy green. Bat 'what mtm the J 1 wbicn troubled Mrs. Leigh ? |g[th their merry hearts. aAd din and buBtle of thertown, that moment; and yet no wis dead calm. There iS^BJK stir a blade of grass; full of sound,'a low depp;' " ~ over down and wood,' sali like*lhe roll of a.ttiPtti of endless armies, ( thunder of a mighty surge of the-pebble- ridge ' The ridge is Richard*There ' There is wind help Jlim!' siddb tha£ she spoke"" Atlantic storm' his; «pming, iilh&tlSwas; w the ;do be leal ' P h fcrdit ''it to ' was »?hbvere vd fliud river, ,the tramp was-Hthe aebouiders ^ noiB^ . said Sir somewhere.' [jfbere my boy iB, God igh ; and ail knew .The spirit of tfce int ^orward the token of smooth ground-swell 4, two miles away, which were now each retreating wave^ the ridge top, and hurl^f like round-shot far aahoWi upon the marsh by l^fprce pf the edvanciqg wave, fleeing. before^the W^t^ of the Western hurricane. . " Help my toy I' said Mrs. Leigh again, is as near him sby sea as by land,' jood Sir Sichard. ; but J am a lone mother'; and one np heatt just now but to go home fgprayJH-* so Mrs. Leigh went. onward up the. ,nd spent all night ib listening between prayers to the thunder of the surge, till it Wis drowned, long ere the sun rose, in the "er of the storm. / where is Amyas on th}s' same Christie afternoon ? ' • t • Amyas is sitting bareheaded in a boat's jstern in Smerwick bay, with the spray whistthrough his curls, as he shouts cheer- :^.Pull, and with a will, my merry men all, never mind shipping a sea. Cannon Us are a cargo that don't spoil by taking salt water.' His mother's presage has been true enough. Christmas eve has been the last of the still, k, steaming nights of the early winter; id the western gale has been roaring for the >last twelve hours upon the IriBh coast, ' The short light of the winter day is fading fast, Behind him U a leading line of billows lashed into mist by the tempest. Beside him green foam-fringed columns are rushing up the black rocks, and falling again in a thou- Band cataraots of snow. Before him is the deep and sheltered bay; but it is not far up the bay that he and his can see; for some four miles out at sea begins a sloping-roof of )thick gray <floud, which stretches over their p 'leads, and up apd far away inland, cutting e cliffs off at mid-height, hiding all the r mountains, and darkening the hollows of the distant firths into the blackness of night. -And underneath that awful roof of Whirling mist the storm is howling inland ^ver, sweeping before it the great foamsponges; and the gray salt spray, till all the land is hazy, dim; and dun. Let it howl on! Icir there is more mist than ever salt spray ^ctade, flying before that gale; more thunder than ever seasurge wakened echoing among the cliffs of Smerwick bay ; along those sandhills flash in the evening gloom red sparks Ithich never came from Heaven; for that fort, now christened by the invaders the Fort del Oro, where flaunts the hated golden flag of Spain, holds San Josepho and eight hundred of the foe; and but three nights ago, Amyas and Yeo, and the rest of Winter's shrewdest bands, slung four oulvejdns oat of the Admiral's main deck, and floated them ashore, and dragged them up to the battery among the Band- hills; and now it shall' be .'seen whether Spanish and. Italian eondottieri can hold their own oh Bjritishgrdimd against the men of Devon. i. V - . Small blame to AmyajMf was thinking, not of his lonely pother at Burrough Court, , but of those quick bright flashes on sand-hill and on fort, where Salvation Yeo was hurling the eighteen-pound shot with' deadly aim, and watching with a oool and bitter; smile of .triumph the flying of the sand, anawie crashingot the gabions. Amyas andldspartjr-had been on board, at the risk of theit liyps, for a fresh supply of shot; fpr Wmter'rjbatteiy wM out of boll, and had:been firing «k>nes for.the last four hours, in default of petter 'missileg. They ran the boat on shore thtough the snrf, where a cove in the shore made Jinding possible, and almost carelefcf^hethi)? ;4hB = store pr not, scrambled over the santl'Mlls with each man his brace of .shot slung m m hi» shoulder; and Amyaa, leaping into the? trenches, shouted cheerfully to SalvatiotfYeo-4 • More i food" for the " bull dogs, Gunrffe, ~ atldl plums for Dr theSpaniards' Chnstmas pudding? 'Don't t speak toman at his - buel^ Master Amyas. AmW Vivn FiYe :mprfal mnrUl ;tinje8 finin ia^J 4ai§^ missed; b^tj will ragdown, asl am a«nner.' f ' Down with it, then ; no shoot crooked. Take good iron to it. and not footy paying-stoves.' ^ ' I beUevei sir, that the foul fiendis there^ turning of ay ^hot and^, I do. Uh&i;&A; * saw him once i -bpt/tliank Heaven,i^e**' again. J&x;, |dr, ifpne «ould bat out w " Savs brave Lord Willoughby 1' 