NO PROOF. A DETECTIVE STORY. BY LAWRENCE L. LYNCH (B. Murdoch van.-Deventer), Author of 'iloina,' 'A Slender Clue,' 'A Dead Man's Step,' 'Against Odds,' 'Shadowed by Three.' 'The Rival De tectives,' 'The Diamond Coterie,' 'Tiie Detective's Daughter,' 'Out of a La byrinth,' 'A Mountain Mystery.' CHAPTER XXIV. True to his resolve to let matters take their course, Ken Jasper, In spite of some ?well-concealed, and solitary fuming over the uneventful days, let them pass by, biding his time, in idleness, and watching, waiting, thinking. Wenching two people under this roof, which covered, so much doubt, anxiety, and. mystery, as well 'as all the elements of yet another tragedy. Waiting for tihe next move, as Kenneth so often told lilmself, with but little doubt of ?what it would be. And thinking, not so much of the mystery he was hoping to unravel, for ne nad now little in the way of mental work yet to be done. He had possessed himself of a theory, had worked it out, mentally, aaid dow. with Ms thinking and planning done, he was awaiting the issue which he could iu no wise hasten, as yet, but thinking al ways, by day and by night, of a girl's proud, cold, beautiful face, and watching, day after day. for some sign of relenting, some shade of softness, some r-elaxing of xhe unsmiling lips,, ^sonie change in tiie frigidly civil tones, and as yet he .waited in vain. On the night after bis visit to the attic in company with Merrick, Kenneth had made his way there again. He had pondered long over the risk of going up at night, for tihe mansard windows were open to the sun lighr, which Martha maintained was need ful whero wearing clothes were stored, and the gleam 'of a lamp would stream out through them and far across the lawn. But ynt lie went; went groping down the dark liali, and up the stairs, feeling for the key hole at either door, and blindly fitting his skeleton keys. In his pocket he carried a bos of slow-burning matches, and over his shoulders he bore a folded blanket, thick, dark, and soft. He spent half an hour in the attic, and when he came down he wore upon his face the broad beam of triumph, which he did not permit to show, save through ills eyes, upon the occasion of his former visit. 'I was sure of it,' he said to himself ex ultantly; 'and now— now I can wait in pa tience.' In spite of this agreeable frame of mind, i however, or perhaps because of it, he did not sleep until daybreak, and then he slumber ed so heavily that the breakfast-bell failed to arouse him, and when, he finally came down he found only the captain at the table, and caught through the window of the morning-room a glimpse of Mrs. Wayland's phaeton .driving away from the house. 'Was I mistaken,' he asked as he shook out his napkin, after making his morning salutations and apology to the captain, who rather enjoyed finding some one later at table than lilmself, 'was I mistaken in thinking that I saw three heads in the phae ton as I came in?' 'I can't voudi for wliat you saw, of coarse,' replied the captain, with lawyer like accuracy, 'but tihere were certainly three persons in my wife's carriage.' 'And Miss Glenn, she is better then, much better?' '.She is able to drive out, and so, as you have observed, was Eugene,' said Wayland drily. 'Try some of these berries, Ken; I'll ring for the coffee.' He took up the Homing paper from the floor, where.it had fallen from has hand, folded it to nis%fcing, and looked keenly across at Jasper. 'If you don't mind,' toe said, turning half round, 'Til go to the study; it's cooler than this room, or any other, at this hour; and wh«n you have finished, if you can spare tiie time, come in and smoke with me.' Kenneth looked, quickly up, and their eyes met; at tihe same moment Jennie came in with the coffee. 'By all means,' he replied lightly; 'that will suit me perfectly.' And wihile tne cap tain passed out he turned Ms attention to the dainty breakfast Jennie was placing be fore him, sipping bis coffee, and watching her deft movements with eyes that were openily admiring. 'Dc you know, Jennie,' be said, as the girl was about to leave the room, 'I take it to be very good of you to look so bright and smiling over my tardiness. Martha used to frown away my appetite ?wih.en I came iate to breakfast Tfrat was before your day.' Jennie bridled and simpered. 'Oh, Mar. Jasper!' she exelanmed, and beamed more tb&n; ever, while the wily young mam went serenely on with his breakfast. For a few moment Jenny stood expect ant and hungry for more flattery. Then she asked, coming a step nearer, 'Is there anything else, Mr. Jasper?' 'Nothing else, tJhamk you, Jennie,' with another smile. 'I couldn't think of mWng you any more trouble.' And Jennie, sim pering and nattered, went out, iher pleasure finding vent in a giggle as she closed the door behind 'her. 'Little simpleton,' muttered Jasper, and! Ms smile became a momentairy frown. When, he joined Oaptadn Waylamd in the study, that gentleman, threw down his paper with a look of relief and motioned Mm to take the chair nearest him, and beside the little table WMch iheld the cagais, but ihe did not speak until his guest was seated, and then, as he pushed the 'box of perfectos to ward him, Ihe only said: 'Well?' Well?' responded the younger man, as he selected a cigar; amd then, leaning across the table toward him, 'i want you to an swer a simple question, Captain, without de manding an explanation.' 'Very good, rill try.' Jasper lighted 'his cigar and drew upon it until it glowed redly at tihe end. Then— 'Did Merrick accompany tiie ladies at Ms own suggestion?' he asked. 'Well, that is a question. But, aever mind, Til answer it' 'WeH—do!' 'Mepriek did not go until 3ie was urged.' 'By wihom?' 'By my wife first, and then by Glenn.' 'I see.' Asad Jasper leaned back in his place and smoked for a little while in sil ence, the captain eyeing Mm closely mean wlule, TJieUj removing Ms cigar from his tips, the young mam epoke agafrn 'Captain, has Merrick, to your knowledge, ever manifested tiie least desire to return, to liis business since Ws wife's death?' 'N— no.' The captain smoked on imper turibafoly. ' 'Has he been down town since?' f'No.' '?- '? .. ??? 'Ever say anything about -Ms business?' 'Only that he had no heart for it, amd that he could trust Avery to run the office for a time.' .'???' ._,.-. 'Umph! Getting morbid, isn't he?' 'Looks Tike it The fellow shuns visitors as if they brought contagion, and he got up and went to his room on3y yesterday when that tree agent came up the path. He seems to shun strangers and friends alike,' -. - 'I haye observed it,' said Jasper, and seemed to have dismissed the subject from his mind, smoking for some time in a silence 'wfojeh his companion made no effort to break. '''_'. ..-.?'?':'?':''??. ' 7 Atfter : aV;iiti|e lie, pnt down his cigar. Otup tato,*' ^'|-e®&i7;*'I-'w!oiild like to iave every- thing left In HTS..Meraick's rooms as at pre sent TIJet,i£ seem -io be from you that tiie order comes. Tlhiere must be no cleaning or sweeping of *oe rooms unless under your ?wife's eye.' 'Very -well.' ..,- z^*~ 'And if Merriek should, suggest tKe re moval of anything, tell him that you ^con template calling in some one from the- city as booh as your daughter is better and the ladies, both, Jianre become a little more ac customed to the thought.' 'Very good. I will play my part.' 'And there's one more fining. If, at any time, I refer to some person, or event, as if you were aware .of all that I allude to, please fan in with my idea; take your cue and do your part,' The captain looked puzzled. 'Can't you give me an idea of the sort of cue I am to follow?' he asked. 'Why, yes. Suppose, for instance, I ask you who those two strange men were with w.hom you were talking across tihe paddock fence, or down by the lower gates, you won't know who they were, and will thiavk them a bit queer, and you wall remember that you have seen them about the place before; see?' 'No, I don't see; but I will say anything you like that will help on the work.' \- 'Thanks. I was sure you would under stand. Suppose we go outside.' He got up, and the captain also arose. 'Ken,' he said, and paused, hesitating. Then quickly stepping to the side; of the young man, now waiting at the door with a look of inquiry upon his face, Captain Wayland put a hand upon his arm. 'Ken- neth, boy, I have not forgotten our argu ment, and I don't claim a right to your con fidence, but this suspense is horrible. Some times I feel as If I can't endure it. It's not the fact of that poor girl's strange death alone, terrible as it is but it's the very at mosphere we are breathing-Han atmosphere of mystery. Merriek going about like a ghost of his former self, utterly unlike him self, my wife so pre-oceupied, so engrossed with something, or some thought, that I first feel sure she is keeping something from me, and then curse my folly the next mo menx for harboring the thought. But the worst to bear is the change in my girl — in Glenn. It's natural that she should grieve over her cousin's death, and such a death must of course have been a shock to her, but, Ken, have you noticed the look in my girl's face, that strange, half-cold, halfde fiant look? How 6he seems constantly watching, constantly on guard? I could understand nervousness euch as she so sud denly broke down under if she hod been nervous from the fimt, but she has been Mi© ice and steel until that breakdown, and already she is ice and steel again. That is not grief, Ken.' He stopped short. Ken ner.h was looking at him so intently, so strangely, with a mixture of trouble* sur prise, and something else which he could not fathom, that after a long stare into his set face he exclaimed impatiently: 'Boy, do do you think I am maundering? Have you seeji none of this?' And then Ken's set look suddenly changed to one of pain. 'My. God!' he exclaimed, turning away from his unconscious tormentor, 'have I not!' And then suddenly he turned back, the eyes of the two men met, and they un derstood each other. For a moment neither spoke, then Ken neth turned again toward the door. 'Come,' he said once more, in a tone that was gently authoritative, 'let's go outside.' When they were out upon the gravel and walking slowly down the shaded drive, Ken neth spoke again. 'You began, Captain, to say something about ? ' 'Never mind,' broke in the captain. 'I began to. grumble, but,' and his voice fell to a gentler tone, 'I see— I know that I am not bearing It at all, nor, perhaps, the worst I wait your good pleasure, Ken.' Tiie smile that hovered for a moment about the young fellow's mouth made his fine face look boyishly tender and kind. 'Captain,' he said, 'things may not look promising, but it moves for ail that. ' I be Meve we shajli solve the problem, and solve it soon.' 'Soon!' 'It may be a matter of weeks, but if I am night, and I think I am, it can't be longer. It's a theory I am following out, but events and clues are fitting into my theory like the pieces of a mosaic. They can't come so by chance, I feel sure.' ' 'Ah!' The captain sighed out his relief and satisfaction an the one syllable, and while his lips kept the promise of silence they had made, his eyes seaoxshed Kenneth's face eagerly questioning, but the boyish look had given place to tihe firm expression of a mam who knows ?whereof he speaks. 'If I could tell you more, Captain, feeling that it. was best, and right, I would gladly do so. Believe me, it is best that you, amd aM here, should know as little as possible of the true meaning of my movements while I am with you. The feeling that you wail fully agree with, me in the end, as you surely wiU, helps me to harden my heart against what your face, if not your voice, says very plainly.' He stopped, ut tered a short laugh, and then added: 'HonesHy, Captain, to tell you what I sum faying to do and why, could but have one of two results, possibly both— either you would be made vastly more uncomfortable than you are now, or I should find my work hindered, perfhaps fatally. I am telling you the truth.' Captain Wayland stopped, short and faced bis friend. 'That is enougih, Ken,' he said with de cision. 'I have muzzled my curiosity from this moment. Give your orders; they shadl be obeyed in future without question, blind ly. And don't think I have doubted you, boy, for even, one instant.' The young fellow's face paled euiddemly, as at did always under strong feeling. 'At first,' he said slowly, 'I doubted my self, Captain, and was aiknost upon the point, after accepting the task, of giving it over to other, hands. But not now; I be lieve I have in hand one end of -the thread that will lead me to the truth, and there can be no man, given thds clue, who could work with so strong an. incentive to success, for, if there is any limit to- my friendship for you, and I trust there is none, I should still -work on. I would not £aiL I couM not, for the sake of— Gleam.' He turned quickly amd. went back to the house, amd the captain* after staring a mo ment stnaagmt before Mm, amd wloteking something from umdemeath his eye with a plump Tigtot hand, -waiLked on down to tihe gate, where he stood for some moments, very ©tHl and very thoughtful amd serious of face. CHAPTER XXV. Glenn W&ySand; ?recovered from iher attack of 'nerves' soon. and. completely, or so it seemed. .From Jae date of tJjat morning drive in her mother's phaeton, amd with Merrick in~ attendance, she went out daily, ami, while at first she had deluded Mer jack among those , wihom . she greeted ga^ treated with stately dvMiy amd. aloofness, and ehunned as much as a young hostess could, she began,' after that nwmifrng diive, to relent and unlbend by -degrees toward him, umHl, after a, few days, &d; two seem ed upon a really friendly and sympathetic footing, which Jasper and Dir. Both observ ed and interpreted fixrax afar, each in his own way, for Dr. Sofia found occasion to call at WayaandB almost daily, amd was re ceived quite as one of the household by iihs Jbost and hostess 'proper, amd .welcomed ?warmly, always, in spite of their differences of opinion, by Jasper. ? ' ??: :..--.' - As for Glenn, while she never seemed 1p tfhun him, if present when he entered a room, lit was noticeable that she never jodn ed lino group of wMoh' she knew1 iilm to be one. Indeed, she wae often absent when he came, for, after that first -dxive, she went out dally, a* first in the phaeton, arid then, to the surprise of aflJ, upon her horse Jet, Wihich she rode feaxiliesgly and witih perfect grace. The doctor had prescribed daily out-of-door exercise, but he confided to Ken neth that he could not feel sure whether it was in obedience to bis instructions that sue went out thus, or in ain attempt to ex Oiaust thus some of the nervous force that he eculd see she was holding in check with a firm hand and strong will. 'That girl,' lie sadd, 'is living under pres sure of a suppressed but strong excitement that I cannot . altogether account for. She impresses me as being constantly on her guard against some surprise, or in daily ex pectation of something which she dreads. If this thing continues too long, she will break down again, and it will be an utter breakdown next time.' 'What do you mean by 'thfe thing?' ' questioned Kenneth sharply. 'This condition, then; this overstrain and its cause. It should not last too long.' 'Nor shall it!' came the response; and Dr. Roth, turning to look his friend in the face, was surprised at the hard, stern look of his mouth and the almost vindictive gleam of his eyes as he faced him. 'I'm your debtor, Doctor, amd I promise you that Glenr; Wayland shall not be sacrificed to these 'conditions.' God!' turning upon Ms heel with clenched teeth amd cLemehed hamd* I ,'chis as too much!' They were out upon the lawn in the late af tenioon, and hod just watched Glenn and Eugene Merriek ride out through the great gate, the man mounted upon the horse which li-ad been the especial property of his wife, in preference to his own spirited ani mal, which was fretting for want of use. A silence followed Jasper's last words, which remained unbroken until the captain was seen coming' toward them from the ?house, and then, with his face turned away, and in utter silence, Jasper. airose and went slowly across the iawm. and toward the ter race. Dr. Roth smiled behind his thick mous tache as he watched the retreating figure. He had known and loved. Kenneth' Jasper since his boyhood, and he knew that these betrayals of strong feeling, of which the yota_ger man never spoke once they were pasr, were no signs of weakness, and he knew, too, that only to a friend, trusted and true, would Ken Jasper so reveal his inmer [ most feelings. I The understanding between ' these three' men was cordial and perfect of its kind, and when the captain sat himself Jeieurely down in the place upon the rustic seat just vacated by Jasper, the doctor silently prof fered his cigar-case and drew JiaM to bring his cigar to a proper glow in order to fur nish a light aUso. Then, when tiie captain !had lighted his weed and settled back in the corner of his seat, he spoke: 'I'm glad to see Merrick out to-day. He needs a good gaMop quit© as much as Miss Glenn.' 'Yes,' absently. 'It's bis first.' 'I observed' — here the doctor's brows met iu a characteristic frown— 'that he does not ride his own horse.' The captain glanced at him askance. 'No.' he repined, 'he has looked after his wife's horse witih a most pathetic eaireful ness since his first visit to the stables, and when Joe remarked to-day that Mars. Mer rick's pony was 'suffering actuil' for 'exer cise, Merrick gave a start, ran his hand down the mare's neck and leg, patted her much as I have seen Doris do, seemed to coiiisider and hesitate, and then said, 'When you saddle Miss Wayland's horse, Joe, put my saddle upon Daisy and bring her round— she must not suffer,' I declare, I felt sorry for the fellow.' (To be continued.) 