THE GRAND DUKE The Latest Gilbert and Sullivan Opera. The Savoy Theatre is itself sgam (writes Oxonian on March 13). On Saturday night the fourteenth Gilbert, and Sullivan Opera started a career which bids fair to equal any of the previous sucoossee. The plot is, however, ternbly complex, and quite half tha audience lose the continuity of the stxiiy. In brief it is ae follows:—Ludwig, the leading low comedian, in the company of Ernest, tias unwittingly given the details of a plot against the Government to the detective of Rudolph, Grand Duke of Pfennig Halbfennig. Ludwig and Ernest are in a sorry plight, and a notary suggests that one shall die 111 a statutory duel and that the other shall turn King's evidence. By tlie laws of Pfennig Halbfennig the, lap?e of 100 years ipso jnito repeals any law not renewed. As it happens the statutory duel has just twenty-four homs more vitality. This is its lyncal description — By our ingenious 13W If" any two shall They mav not. f With falchions (Which seemed to him immoral), But each a card shall draw And he who lii-avo- tbe lowest Sludf (so 'twas said) Tie henceforth dead, Iu fact a legal gtaoest (When existence of rhyme compels Orthography forgets her spoils) And "ghoot" is written "ghoest." i-lrnest and Ludwig proceed with this sfaturory duel, and Ernest draws a king and Ludwig an ace. Thereupon the manager becomes civilly dead. Ludwig goes off to the Duke, who is greatly terrified by this iin exploded conspiracy. He too jumps at tbe, idea of civil death, assuming that if he can put LudWig into his place and be himself dead for a few hours Ludwig VTII doubtless be killed, and when the 100 years limit which is to i>e rKv?hc<i on the morrow really arrives, that he can then resume bis ordinary ixmditions of existence as the Grand Duke of Pfennig Halbfennig. Tbe Duke therefore picks a quarrel with Ludwig, and manipulates the cards so that Ludwig immediately beoomes Grand Duke. Ludwig's first act on stepping into Rudolph's shoes is to renewthe statutory duel law for a century. Punishment, however, comes quickly. Ludwig, the low comedian, was engaged to Lisa, the soubretDe of the troupe, but Ludwig, by overcoming Ernest, is 1 Kjund to marry Julia, the .English leading lad3- of tbe company, whilst as Grand Duke he is betrothed to the elderly avaricious Baroness von Krakenfeldt, and also to the youthful and appetizing Princesse de Monte Caj-lo. How many of these ladies he actually marries is rather misty. It is clear, however, that he does wed the Baroness, and i.s about to espouse the Princess when his career is suddenly cut short by the appearance of Rudolph and Ernest in deep black aud the notary. To Ludwig, Ernest, and Rudolph it is explained that realli- the ace is the lowest card, and therefore that Ludwig is the loser in each of the duels, and therefore dead twice over. Akso as a consequence his renewal of the law was invalid, so he comes to iife, and all ends happily, since it is assumed, though not quite obviously, that Kudolph will indulge in a general amnesty. Oue of the hits of tbe evening is the Mana- ger s song, of which the following stanza is the brigh hte.st:— Loth A anil B rehearsnl slight. They say they'll he "all riRht at, night" rtliey ve both to po to sohonl yet) C in ''.e - 11 ai-t must change, her dress, J) will attempt In sijuar: Ibe Press. }'. v. rie j>l;\\\ Romeo unless His grandmother plays Juliet. F chiim-, all hoydens as her rights— She's played them thirty seasons. And G must shew herself in tights Fur two convincing reasons. Two very well shaped re.e-cris. Oh, thn mar. who can drive a theatrical tea a, Wirll wliwlei-s and leaders in order 5uprr.uu', ( •>:! :I and IT. 1 C V ith ::. W ave of liis tin JUI Enro]xi, with Ireland thrown in. All the characters iu thi* play are supposed to be German except the *' lovely English ronicrl:j:.irr." Amusingly enough, ail tho German f il.'irr'.e: -r\ s] ^ .ek faultless Engbsli. whilst Madame von Palmay. as the English artiste, has a strong Teutonic accent. Madame von Palmav, who is a Ceiuutess in pri\\-ate life, w.-us a star of last year's ligliL of German opera at Drury Laue. The fimrs remarks of " ITic Grand Duke,'' "It is not by r.ny means another '?.L"kado,' though if is far from liein^ the least, attractive of the series. Tint- time t.ne bbretto is very coiispicuousiy inferior to the. music. There are still a liuinlier of ^eellent songs, but the dialogic scenes to have lost mueh of its crispness. n Though there are next to 110 topical allusions the dialogue has a considerable number of whimsical ideas. "Drains that date Im>ck to the reign of Charlemagne" is a phrase that deserves to pass into the language. It, is a good many years since the composer has given us anything so tine res the opening clioru.-, of the siyond act, with a sham-Greek refrain, a nielc»dy so spontaneous, dignified, and onV'nal that it so'ins hardiy suitc-d to its surroundings, or to the taste of most of the audience. From this point, up to and including the tuneful song 111 winch a herald introduces the Prince of Monte Carlo, is, musically speaking, the best part of tlie work : the actord.ikc's exceedingly funny song about tlie manners and customs of ancient Greece, the clever de.et m which tbe " leading lady" gives her "notion of a first-rate part," ber fremz "So ends ii 1 v dream. " written in cedent mutation and derision of the conventional operatic aria of the last generation, and the elderly baroness's drinking song, which srsts out with a reminisoenee of the Irish tune 4 ' Kate Kearney," are all cert-Tm to be popular. The first act contains a number of pretty choruses, some concerted vocal numbers as effective as usuaL and .1 capita] inarch of the chamberlains, all neatly finisher! and in strict conformity witli tiiO pattern c^taljli.slied forsucli things a good many yt-ars Tliat fnirn of instninienta! humour, m w'n- li Sir Arthur Sullivan has dcli!;ht"d ever 'inn' tin: la.nous " ba->socm joke"' m "Tin: .VirciTiT," finds excellent nnportninity m a .snu^ in whirl) the prand duke des;'! ih-5. fn L . ai linen to, to tlie accompaniincut '»f orciiL-s: 1 :il syruptoms ho realistic to be almost painful. Mr. Kutland J^irrinpton, on whom falls the chief burden of the pii r;^, is mtensL-ly funny a.s the aetor Ijiidv.",^. Mr. \\\ alter Passmor.i, m the character of tile stintry and dyspeptic duke, comcs nearer to Jlr. Gro^smith's vel than he has done yet. The capital song: in which be is obliged to keep back a sneeze until his bandkerchii-f is pompously handed from tlie " Acting-Temporary-Snb-Deputy- AsM«tant Vioe-Cliamberlain" to liit, superior, ami so with rnunh state from one of the seven official;* to anotiicr, was received with enthusiasm. The herald's Bong with chorus is one 01 the most taktnj things in the opera. The opera was conducted by tfie composer, and the FAMOUS SP.VGV triumvirate were called and WJniily applauded at the end. The scenery, ilie.s:,c .s nud mounting are as usual irreproachable, .ind the street perspective in the first scene is one of the most successful tkinfjs of tho kind ever seen on the sfa.£e. The (.omplr.te list of the Gilljert. h Suliiv.in pl.iv; are - " T!ie.-]iis.'' "Tnal bv Jury/' "The Sorcerer." "H.M.S. Pinafore,'' " Pirates of Penzance, 7 ' " Pationoe," " Inlanthe," "Princes?. Ida," "Mikado," " Ruddi- £ore,' : "The Yeoman of the Guard," "The. GoiidoIier-%" "Utopia, Limited." "The Grand Duke. ' "Thespis" was first put on the stage nineteen years ago under the management of Madame Selina Dolaro. "Patience" was first played at the Opera Ckimique, and was then trausfc rred to the Savoy, where all its successors have smnc lx?en performed. MR. EDWIN H. FLACK. 