TILL THE DAY OP JUDG MENT. BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM. Chapter VI.— (Continued). There was a short silence. I had no more doubt in my mind. Chance had brought me face to face with tho writer of that letter to my father, tho man to find whom he was even now in London. Perhaps they had already met. I stole a glance at Ititn. He was furtively watch ing me all the while. .. "I have also," ho said, "a sister of whom I am very fond. Sho lives in Paris. I have written to her to come to me— not here, of course, to London." I turned a little in my chair and faced him. "I wonder," said, "if amongst those friends of whom you speak there is anyone whom I know." His lips parted, and ho showed all bis glistening white teeth. "Somehow," ho said softly, under his breath, "I thought you knew. Has your father sent you hero ? Have you any message for me ? If so, let mo havo it. We may be disturbed." I shook my head. "My father is in London," I told him. " He left the morning ho had your letter." "When is he coming back?" ho asked eagerly. " On Friday, I believo," I answered. " I am not quite sure. At any rate he will be bore by Sunday." An odd look flashed for & moment across the man's face. It gavo mo an uneasy sensation. "Havo you seen him in London?" I asked quickly. "Certainly not," ho answered. " I havoseon no one. I havo only been in England for a day or two. I shall look forward," ho added, "to tho pleasure of seeing your father on Bun- day." " And Mr. Bruce Devillo ?" I inquired. He looked at me suspiciously. Ho was won dering how much 1 knew. "Mr. Bruce Deville," he Baid slowly. "I have not seen him lately. They tell me ho has altered a great deal." " I have only known him a week, and so I cannot toll," I answered. Again ho fixed his little dnrk eyes upon mo. He was evidently completely puzzled. "You havo only known him a week, and yet you know that — that — he and I oro not Btrnngors ?" " I learned it by accident," I answered. Obviously ho did not believo me. Ho hesi tated for a moment to put his disbelief into words. AiM in the meantime I made & bold stroke. "Have you seen Adelaide Fortress yet?" I asked. His face changed. He looked at me h&lf; in wonder, half eagorly. His wholo expression had softened. " Not yet," ho said. " I am waiting to know where she is. I would go to her to-day — if only I dared. If only I dared 1" His dark eyes wero lit with passion. A pale shade seemed to havo crept in upon the sallow- ncss of his checks. "When you talk of lier," ho said, speaking rapidly, and with his voico thick with somo manner of agitation, "you make me forgot everything ! You make me forget who you are, who sho is, where we aro ! I remember only that she exists ! Oh, my God !" I laid my hand upon his coat slcove. " Bo careful," I whispered. " People will notice you. Speak lower." His voico sank ; it was still, however, hoarso with passion. "I shall know Hoon," he said, "very soon, whether tho years have made her any kinder ; whether tho dream, the wild dream of my life is any nearer completion. Ob, you may start 1" he added, looking into my white, puzzled face; "you and your father and Deville and tho whole world ma' know it. I lovo her still ! I am going to rogain her or die ! There I You soe it is to be no secret war. Go and tell your father, if you liko, tell tliem all, bid thorn pre- pare. If they stand in my way they must suffer. Soon am going to her. I am going to stand before her and point to my grey hairs, and say, every ono of them is a thought of you, every day of my life has boon moulded towards tho winning of you. And whon I toll her that, and point to tho past, she will bo mine again. "You are suro of her," I murmured. . His faco fell. "Alas! no," ho cried, "I cannot say that. Only it is my prcsonco here to her. In a daj or two, well, wo shall run away with me ; I picture it to myself— this blessed thing— and I forget. Listen !" lie added, with sudden em phasis, "you must promise me something, I have let my tongue run away with mo. I havo talked, to you as .my other self. You muBt pro mise me one thing. " What is it ?" I askod. "You must promise mo that you will not speak of my presence here to her. In a day or two. well, we shall see. I shall go to her then. I shall risk everything. But at present, no I Sho must bo ignorant of my return until I myself dcclaro it. You will promise mo this." I promised. I scarcely dared do otherwise if I wished to avoid a scene, for already the agita tion and occasional excitement of his speech were attracting attention. But having pro mised, I asked him a question. Will not Mr. Deville tell her — or my father?" "It ib just possible that Mr. Deville might," be said, with the air of ono who had already woll considered tho matter. 4 'But I dp not think it likely. There aro certain reasons which would probably keep him silent." "And my father?" I asked. Again there was an odd look in his face. Somehow it filled mo with vaguo alarm. I could not imagiue what it meant. "I do not think," ho answered, "that your father will tell her. I am nearly sure that ho will not. No, I myself shall announce my re turn. I will stand face to face with her beforo sho has learned to school her countenance. I shall ace in tho light or in the darkness how she holds me. It will be a test— a glorious test." Lady Naseltou came rustling up to us with beaming face. "My dear girl" she said, " I am so sorry to disturb you, you both look so inte rested. Whatever you liavo found to talk about I can't imagine. Lady Romney is going. Sho would like to know you. Would you mind coming to speak to her ?" " Witli pleasure," I declared, rising at onco to my feet. 44 I must bo going too. Good afternoon, Mr. Berdenstein." He held out his hand, but I had no intention of shaking hands with him. I bowed coldly, and turned to follow Lady Nnselton. " Perhaps it is best," he murmured, leaning a little forward. " Wo cannot possibly bo friends. No doubt you hato me. Wo are on opposite sides. Good afternoon, Miss Ffol- liot." I followed Lady Naselton, but before we had reached tbo Romneys, I had stopped her. "Lady Naselton, who is that man?" I asked her. " What do you know of him ! " "My dear ohild?" she answered, " from tho confidential manner in which you havo been talking all this time I should havo imagined that he lmd told you his history from child hood. Frankly, I don't know anything about him at all. He was very good to Fred in South 1 America, and he has made a lot of money. That , is really all I know. Fred met him in town, and brought him down without notice. I hope," she added, looking at my pale faco, "that he has been bcharing himself pro perly." "I havo no fault to find with him," I answered. " I was curious. That is all." " I am so glad, dear, sho answered, smiling. "For a millionaire, you know, I don't consider him at all unpresentable. Do you ?" I smiled faintly. Poor Lady Naselton. " He did not strike mo as being romarkably objectionable," I answered. " He is a little awkward and very confidential." Lady Naselton piloted me across the room towards tho Romneys, witli her arm linked in mine. "Wo must make a few allowances, my dear," she whispered, confidentially.- "Ono cannot havo cverything-nowadays. He is really not so bad, and the money is quite safe. In dia monds or something Fred says. It is quite a million ? " I glanced back to him as I stood talking with the Romneys. He was Bitting quietly where I had left him watching me covertly. Hii black eyebrows \yoro drawn together, and a certain look of anxiety seemed to have sharpened his shallow features. His eyes fell at once before mino. I felt that I would havo given every thing I possessed in tho world to have known who he was. Chapter VII. Friday passed without any sign of my father! return, and whon on Saturday morning we found no letter from hhjl upon the breakfast tablo the vague disquiet of the day before as sumed a definite Bhapc. Wo looked into one another's faces and wo wore Berioualy alarmed. " Wo shall bo sure to hear from hliq in an hour or two," Alico said, holding her cup to her lips with shaking hand. "He must have missed the post. Wo shall have a telegram." " I hopo so," I answered fervently. 44 Noth ing can havo happened to him, of course. It is absurd to feci nervous. But it is too bad of him. Ho ought to havo written. However busy he is, ho could have found a minute or two." "I will never let him go away again without leaving us an address of some ort," Alice declared. " No doubt ho will telegraph soon. Still one cannot help feeling uneasy." But no telegram arrived. Luncheon time came and passed without any word. The after noon dragged on. Tho last train from London was due at tho nearest railway station — 3 miles away — at 6 o' clock. At 8 o'clock ho had not returned. Moro than an hour ago a fly with luggage from tho train had p&Bscd; our gate, and gone to the Yellow House. Alice was as white as a sheet, and commenced to cry softly to her self. "There is sorvice to-morrow morning, and no one liulp," ouo UiiHkUod. " He must be very ill What had wo better do, Kate ? " Do I How was I to know ? Action of any sort would havo been a relief, but it was like groping in the dark. Ho bad left no address to which we could write, and so far as we knew he- did not belong to any club nor had he any friends in London. There wero no means of tracing him, not a cluo as to the nature of tho business which had called hira bo suddenly to town. Even granting that ho had gone to seo Mr. Berden stein, to meet him on his arrival in London, it wns hopeless to try and imagine where he might be prosecuting his search. Mr. Berdenstein had denied that ho had met him. Without a doubt he vfould deny it again if I went to him. As ha had told mo plainly, wo wero on opposite sides. To look for help from him was utterly futile. We girls were helpless ! Alico, whose instincts wero largely conventional, was feeling chiefly the Bcandal which must accrue when his place in tho pulpit to-morrow remained empty and service had to be abandoned. For my part, my anxieties were deeper. Chance had placed in my hands the threads of a mystery whose unravclment waB threatened with terrible possibilities. I could not tell what the end of it might be. I scarcely dared to let my mind dwell upon it at all. I concen trated ray thoughts upon tho present dilemma- Tho first thing to be done was to find my father. There waB only one possible shadow of a clue as to his whereabouts. Ono man knew the secret of that lottor which had called him up to London. To that man I resolved that 1 would go. But as dusk came on, and I was preparing to start for the court, I saw his tall figure crossing tho park towards tho Yellow House. I did not hesitate then any more. To seo him there would be easier than to confront him alone at the court. I threw a cloak over my shoulders and went bareheaded down tho drive. The thing which I was proposing to myself to do wob simple enough in effect, although with my overwrought nerves it presented itself to me at the time as a somewhat formidable under taking. I was going to confront them together. I was going to pray for their help. I walked swiftly across the park and through tho plantation to tho Yellow House, and after pausing for a moment to regain my breath I rang the bell. There was no immediate answer, aud savo that I could see through a chink in the drawn curtains a rose shaded lamp burning in the drnwiugroom, I should have feared that after all Adelaide Fortress had not returned. But in a few minutes the trim little maid servant opened tho door, letting out a flood of light. She started with surprise to see me standing there, looking no doubt a little ghoBt- like with my white, anxious faoe and uncovered head. " I want to speak to Mrs. Fortress," I said " Is sho in ?" Tho girl hesitated, but I took her assent for granted, and stepped into the hall. She moved towards the drawingroom door. I kept close by her side, and when sho opened it, I crossed the threshold. Bruce Deville was thcro, sitting in a1 low chair. To my surprise ho was wearing evening dress, and he had a book in his hand from which ho appeared to have been reading aloud. At my entrance he rose to his feet at once with a little exclamation of surprise. Adelaide Fortress, whose baqjk had been turned to tho door, turned sharply round at liis exclamation. She too rose to her feet. A Bwift look passed between them which did not escape me. " Miss Ffolliott !" she exclaimed; "why, is anything the matter?" The little maid bad retreated, and closed tho door. I advanced a few steps further into tho room. Somehow I beenmo dimly conscious that their attitude towards me or my mission, if they had surmised its purport, was in a oer- tain sense hostile. I looked into the woman's o os, and I was perplexed. Something had como between us. Perhaps it was my father's stern words to her, perhaps it was Bomo shadow from those former days, con cerning which they certainly had some common knowledge. But from whatever cause it arose there was certaiuly a change. Tho frank sym pathy which scorned to havo sprung up between us on that delightful afternoon wnB altogether a thing of the past, almost as though it had never boon. She faced me coldly with indrawn lips and unfriendly face. I was confused and per plexed ; yet oven in that same moment thought flashed in upon me. Sho was wearing a mask. For some reason or other she was putting away her friendliness. Surely it was the memory of my father's words. 44 It was Mr. Devftlo I wanted to see," I said. 14 1 saw hiiu croua tho park on his way hero, so I followed. I am in trouble. I wanted to ask liim a question." Ho stood leaning against the broad mantel piece, his brows contracted, liis face cold and forbidding. , 44 1 am afraid that I cannot help you, Mist Ffolliott," he said. 44 1 c&nnot; conoeive any way in which I could be of service to you, I am afraid." 44 You can help mo if you will, by answering a single question," I interrupted 44 You dropped a letter from your pocket on Wednes day morning, and I returned it to you. TeU me, first, from whom it came ! Toll me whose handwriting it was !" There was a little crash upon the floor, and the sound of a half-uttered exclamation. Mrs. Fortress had dropped a small china ornament with which she had been playing. Sho did not oven glanco towards tho pieces at her foot. She wub bending slightly towards mo, hor lips half parted, her cheeks palo. Her appearance fas cinated me ; I forgot Mr. Deville altogether until tho sound of his clear, deep voico broke the silence. 44 1 had several letters in my pooket, Miss Ffolliott," he said, slowly. 44 1 am not bum that I remember which one it was which you were good enough to restore to me. In any case, how are you interested in the writer of any of them? What has it to do with your present trouble — whatever that may be ?' 44 1 will tell you," I answered readily. ' On Tuesday morning my father received a letter, and whatever its contents were they summoned him to London. He was to have returned yes terday. He did not come, and he Bent no mes sage. All to-day we have had no word from him. The laBt train from London to-night is in, and he has not como. We do not know where he iB, or wh&t; has become of him. There aro the ser vices to-morrow, and no one to take them. Ha must be ill, or in trouble of some Bort, or he would have returned, that iB certain. It has made us terribly anxious." 44 1 am very sorry indeed to hear this, Miss Ffolliott," he said. 44 If I could help you I should bo glad, but I am afraid I do not quite see— exactly!" I raised my eyes to his and looked him in iht face. Tho words seemed to die away upon his lips. He was not actor enough for his part. " I will toll you why I camo to you for help, Mr. Daville," I exclaimed. " The handwriting upon the letter which you dropped, and which I returned to you, was tho samo handwriting which summoned my father to London." Then for tho first timo some glimmering of tho mystery in which these persons and my father wcro alike concerned dawned upon mo. The man and the woman looked at one another. Bruce Deville walked over to the window with- out answering or addressing me. I had, indeed, asked no direct question. Yet they knew what . I wanted. It wa3 the wholo truth which I desired. I stamped my foot upon the floor. Did they know what my sufferings wcro, those two peoplo with their palo puzzled faces and cold words? I felt myself growing angry. "Answer me!" I cried. "Who wrote you that letter?" Still neither tho man nor tho woman spoke, fh'dr silence maddened me. I forgot my promise to tho man at Naselton Hall. I forgot everything except my desire to sting them out of that merciless unsympathetic silence. Sol cried out to them. MI will tell you who wrote it," I cried out. " It was a man from South America, and his name is Bordonstcin. He is at Naselton Hall. I will go to him. Perhaps he will tell me what you will not. Tho man stepped forward with outstretched hand. His face was dark with passionate anger, almost I thought ho would hnvo struck me. But the woman was pale as death, and a drop of red blood marked the place where lier teeth met her under !:?. Then I saw thr.t the man had known but the woman had not. "If you know so much," lie said brutally, "you had better go to him ami discover tho rest. You will find him very sympathetic ; without iv doubt he will help you ! " "No ! No !" Tho woman's negative rang out with a sudden sharp and crisp distinctness. She roso and came oyer to my side. She laid her' hands softly upon my shoulders. Her face amazed me, it was so full of sympathy — and yet so sorrowful. She, too, lind received a blow. "Child," she said softly, "you must not be impatient. I believe that your father is well ! I believe that somehow or other he will con trive to bo hero in time to take up his duties to morrow. AVo could not tell you — either Air. Doville or I — where lie is, but wo know, per haps, a little more than you do. He is in London fiomewhcrcscoking for tluit man — whom you have just mentioned. He will not find him, but he will not give up searching for him till tho last moment. But, child, whatever you do, avoid that man Berdcnstcin like a pestilence. Your father and ho arc hitter and terrible enemies. Do not dream of going to liim. Do not lctyour father know that he is near. If fate must liavo it so, the will meet. But God forbid 1 But God forbid !" " AVho is he, then, this man ? — this Bcrden- 816111?" I asked lier under my breath. Her words had lind a powerful cffoct upon mo. She was terribly in earnest. I knew that slio was speaking for my good. I trusted lier. I could not help it. She shook her head. Her eyes were full of horror. ," It is not for me to tell you, child. It is one of those things which — God forbid that yon may over know." Then there was a silence between us. After all this mystery whose shadows seemed to sur round me was like a far away thing. My present trouble weighed heaviest upon me. Tho , other was vague, oven though it was terrible. My father's disappearance was a real and terrible calamity staring me in the face. It engrossed all my thoughts. They would tell mo nothing, those two. I dared not go to Bcrdonstein. Already I was terribly afraid of him. I remembered his smile when I spoko of my father, and I shuddered. Supposing they had met. Supposing the)T lmd come together face to faco, in some lonely boUQO. Perhaps Ilia letter had been a decoy. Tho man's face, with its cruel mouth and sar donic smile, Buddonly loomed large in my : memory. I sprang to iny foot with a cry of fear, I was terrified with my own thoughts. Bruco Deville came over to me, and I found him studying my face with a new expression, tho meaning of which I could not fathom. " If you will come to the window, Miss Ffolliott," he said, "I think you will see some thing which will relieve some part of your anxiety at any rate." I hastened eagerly to his side. Only a few yards away, walking steadily in the middle of tho hard white road, was a figure in sombre black. His shoulders were bent, and his palo face downcast. His wholo appearance was that of a weary and dejected wanderer. These things I realised more completely afterwards, for the present a sense of almost intolerable relief drowned every other motion. It was my father. He had returned. I should have rushed out to him, but Bruce Doville laid his hand very Boftly upon my Bhoulder. I could not have believed that any touch of his could have been so gentle. "I wiBh you would take my advice, Miss Ffolliott," ho said. "Take the path through the plantation home and don't let your father see you leaving here. It would be better, would it hot, Adelaide ?" he added. She looked at me. "Yes, it would bo better," sho said. "Do you mind ? You will be at homo as Boon as ho is." I could not but admit that the advico was good, bearing in mind my father's words when he found me hero only a few days before. Yet it galled mo that it should havo been offered. AVhat .was this secret shared between these three of which I was ignorant? I. de clared to myself that I would know it as soon as my father and I were alone together. I would insist upon all these things being made clear tomc. I would bear it no longer. I w:i3 resolved on that. But in the meantime I was helpless. " Very .well," I answered. "Perhaps you Aro right, I will go by the footpath." I left tho room abruptly. Mr. Deville opened the front door for me, and hesitated with his cap in his hand. I waved him away, "I will go alone," I said. "It is quito light." "As you will," lie answered shortly. " Good night." Ho turned on his heel and re-entered tho houso. I crossed the road witli soft footsteps. At. tho opening of the plantation I paused. My father was in the road below, walking wearily and leaning upon hia stick. At my sudden standstill p. twig beneath my feet snapped short. A sudden change seemed to transform his face. He Btopped short and turned round with tho gwift, eager movement of a young man. Ilis hand -fumbled for a moment in the pocket of his long clerical coat, and reappeared clutch ing something which Hushed like steel in tho dull light. He held it at arm's length, looking eagerly round, peering forward in 1113 direc tion, hut unable to see inc owing to the dark shadows of the trees bcncntli which I stood. But 1, on the other baud, could sec his every movement. In the half light his figuro stood out in such marvellous distinctness against the white road and the low grey line of sky beyond. I could see him, and I could see what it was ho carried in his hand. It was a small Bhining revolver. Ho Btood quito still, like a man expecting a sudden attack. AVhcn none came, and the still ness remained unbroken, the strained eager light died slowly out of his face. He appeared rather disappointed than relieved. Reluctantly lie turned around, and with tho revolver still in his hand, hut hidden beneath the skirts of his coat, made his way up tho whito hill towards tho vicarage. He must havo walked quickly, for although I hurried, and my way back was tho shorter, ho was already at our gato when I emerged from tho planta tion. Ah he stooped to adjust the fastening I heard him groan, and bending forward I caught a glimpse of his face. I must have cried out, only my lips seemed palsied, as though I were but a sleeping figure in some terrible nightmare. His face was like tho faco of a dead man ! Ho seemed to have aged by at least a dozen years. As he hastened up the little drive, his walk, usually so dignified and elastic, became a shamble. It seemed to mo that this was but the wreck of the man who had left us only a few days ago. Chapter VIII. Thsrttre days marked in our lives with white stones. AVe can nover forget them. Recollec tion, a very easy effort of memory, Bccms to bring back oven in some mcasuro tho very thrill, the samo pulsations and emotions as wcro kindled into life by certain never-to-bc-for- gotten happening. Timo cannot weaken whilst wo have life eternal. And there arc other days against the memory of which wo have dropped a black stono. AVo shrink from anything which may recall them. No sacrifice would oocm too great if only wo could sot tho seal of oblivion upon those few hnted hours. AVe school ourselves to closo our eyes, and turn our heads away from anything which might in any manner recall them to us. Yet wo arc powerless. Ghosts of them steal light footed, detested and uninvited guests, across our fairest moments ; tho chill of winter shakes us on tho moat brilliant of midsummer days ; tho color steals from our cheeks, and our blood runs to water. AVo aro at the mercy of thoso touches of icy reminiRcenco. Thcro is 110 escape from thorn. Thcro never will ho any escape. Tho Sunday which followed my father's visit to London U ono of thoso hideous memories. In the calondor of my life it is marked with the blackest of black stones. I only pray that such another day as that may never find its way into my lifo. The morning passed much a9 ubu&I.; My father had scarcely spoken to us on tho pre vious evening. In reply to our half eager, half frightened questions, lie admitted that lie lind been ill. lie would not hear of a doctor. His malady, he told us, was ono which ho himself perfectly understood. Ho would be better in n few days. Heateandilrank sparingly, and then retired pi fr, 1,,-Q wnm, Ronv.l Rim rlmr h?l? wearily up the stairs, and Alico burst into tears, and I mvnclf felt a lump in my throat. Yet what could wo do? Ho would not have us near him. The only invalid's privilege which ho permitted himself was a firo in his bedroom, and this ho asked for immediately he entered the house, although tho night was close and oppressive, and ho had come in with beads of perspiration standing out upon his white fore head. In the morning he preached an old sermon, preached it with weary lips and wholly non chalant manner. His pallid face and lustreless eyes became objects of remark amongst the meagre congregation. I could hear peoplo whispering to ono another when tho Bervice was over. Lady Naselton spoke to mo of it with concern as we passed down tho aiale. " I am sorry to sec yonr father looking so dreadfully ill, dear," slio remarked. "I am particularly sorry to-day. Come outside, and I will tell you why." AVo passed out together into tho sunlit air, fresh and vigorous after tho dull, vault- liko gloom of tho littlo church, with its ivy-hung windows. Lady Naselton held my arm. "My dear," she said, "tho Bishop is lunch ing with us to-day and staying all night. I have spoken to him about your father. He remembers him quite well, and he is coming to scrvico this evening on' purposo to hear him preach." "The Bishop," I repeated, vaguely. "Do you mean our Bishop? The Bishop of Ex- cheater ?" "Yes. Iam not supposed of courso to say anything about it, as bis visit has nothing what ever to do witli diocesan affairs, but I should be so disappointed if your father did not make an impression upon him." She looked around to be sure that no ono was listening. It was quito a needless precaution. "You ace, dear, I happen to know that there are two vacant stalls at tho cathedral and tho bishop wants a preacher badly. It is owing to what I havo told him about your father that he is coming over to-day. I do hop3 that lie will bo at his best this evening." "I am afraid there is very littlo chance of it," I answered blankly. "He is really very ill. He will not admit it, but you can see for yourself." "Ho must make on offort," Lady Naselton said firmly. " Will you tell him this from mo ? Say that wo shall all bo there, and if only lie can mako a good impression — well, it is the cliancc of a lifetime. Of course wo shall all be terribly sorry to lose you, but Exchester is not very far off, and we really could not expect to keep a man with your father's gifts very long. ( Try and rouse him up, won't you ? Good- bye, dear. " She drove off and waited at the vestry door for m)' father. Ho came out with half-closed eyes, and seemed scarcely to soe ine. I walked by his side and repeated what Lad> Naselton had told me. Contrary to my expectation, tho news was sufficient to rouse him from liiB i apathy. "Tho Bishop horo to-night," ho repeated ! thoughtfully. "You are quito euro that there | is no mistake. It is the Bishop of Exchester." I nodded assent. "So Lady Naselton assured me. I have heard her say more than once that the> know him very well indeed. Sho is moat anxious that you should do your very best. It Beems that there aro two stalls vacant at the cathe dral." Tho light flashed in his eyes for a moment, and then died out. "If only it had been a week ago," he said. "I have other things in my mind now. Iam not in the mood to prepare anything worth listening to." # " Thoso other things, father," I said softly. "Arc wo to remain wholly ignorant of them? If there is any trouble to bo faced, we are ready to take our share." He bIiooIc liis head, and a wan smile flickered for a moment upon his pale lips. He looked at me not unkindly. "It may come, Kate," ho said softly, "Till then be patient and ask no questions." AVe had reached the house, and I said no more. Directly after luncheon, at which he ate scarcely anything, ho went into his stud. AVo hoped, Alice and I, that ho had gono to j work. But in less than half an hour ho camo I out. I met him in tho hall, j "My hat and stick, Kato," ho said, "I am I going for a walk." His manner forbado questions, but as he was leaving the houso an impulse camo to me. "May I como with you, father?" I asked. I was going for a walk, too." He hesitated for a moment and seemed about to refuse. AVhat raado him change hia mind I could never toll. Bub he did change it. "Yes, you can come," he said, shortly. " I am starting now though, I cannot wait for a moment." " I am quite read'," I answered, taking my lint and gloves from tho stand. So wo passed out of the house togotber. At the gate he paused for a moment, and I thought that he was going to take the road which led to the Yellow Houso and Doville Court. Apparent lie changed his mind, how ever. "AVe will tako tho footpath to Bromilow Downs," he said. " I lmvo never been there." AVo turned our backs upon tho more familiar places and walked slowly along tho country which led to tho Downs. AVo neither of us spoke a word for some time. Once or twice I glanced towards him with concern. He was moving with uncertain steps, and every now and then lie pressed his hand to his side. , Physi cally I could see that he was Bcarcely equal to the exertion of walking. It was mental dis quiet which had brought him out His eyes were dry and bright, and thore was a hectic flush upon his checks. As wo passed from tho lane out on to the open Downs lie drow a little breath and rc.inovcd his bat. Tho autumn wind swept through his hair, and blew open his coat. He took in a long breath of it. "This is good," he said softly. "Lotus rest here." AVo eat upon the fallen trunk of a pine tree on the verge of the Common. Far away on tho hill side rose the red cliimne3'a of Naselton Hall. I looked at them, and of a sudden the desire to tell my father what I knew of that man's presence there grew stronger and stronger. After all it was his right to know. It w&b; best to tell him. " Father !" I said, "I have something to sa y to you. It is something which I think you ought to know." 'To 6c Continued.) 