tie hi amu. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED." By Sir WALTER BESAHT, M.A„ Author of "ALL SORTS AND CONDITIONS OP MEN," 1IERK PAULUS," ".'THE , WORLD WENT VERY WELL THEN," "THE HOLY ROSE," ; "IN DEACON'S ORDERS," &o.;, &o.; ALL RIGHTS' RESERVED.-. CHAPTER XXV.— fContinued.1 I "Can't j'ou understand? You say she Is l-ldli. 1 know she is rich. And that's the l-oal obstacle. ' As for the rest I have thought over all that v»ii sn 1(1 hv myself. Only I liked to hear It from yon 'as well. It's the money, George." "What about the money? Now don't . go raising foolish ghosts about Fran ces' money. What if she is rich? What does that matter?" "I have tried to gel: over it, and I can't. One must keep some sell' re spect. George, how would you like to live in your wife's palace— your wife's, not. your own?" "Her country house isn't a palace." But it is, as Robert knew. "How would you like to be every day sitting at your , wife's table, not your own; drinking your wife's wine— not your own; waited on by your wife's servants— not your own; siKUiding the money that, your wife— your wife — chose to give you? No, I could not — I could: not — say no more about it.' I would rather remain as I am, anil go on thinking about lier without hope all my life, than marry lier for her money —for her money! Pali!" "If you come to tlint you must Just as well sny to another woman, 'How would you like, . all your life, going about enjoying honour— not your own, but your husband's, a name not your own but your husband's." /'Nonsense," siiid Robert, "the things are not. parallel. . Of course a woman may take all that a man has to give." "And a man all that a woman has to give." What was it my solicitor lisul told me? "Marry money. Marry money." And I despised that advice, and now 1 was trying to make Robert do just exactly that very tiling. Well, it was y quite certain that this proud, iiulepen- \ dent person would never become a. de pendant oil his wife. Fort mm tely I had one more card up my sleeve. "You are perhaps right," I said, with assumed tliouglitfulness. "Yon could never become that unhappy creature, the man who lives upon his wife's money. You have got some hundreds a year, however." "And slie has. liow many thousands a year? My wliole income would not pay my share of the servants." "Then again, a man and wife are not obliged to have equal fortunes. If one. is a little richer than the other " "A little! Oil, lie says a little." "Go on. You will give me a chance presently."'- - . "Let her give away all but three hundred pounds' a year. Tlien we Should start ou equal terms." "No; because you would have still be fore you your ambition witli its solid side, and .she would have nothing left. In ten years' time you lidglit be draw ing live thousand pounds a year ofli- cial salary, and she. have nothing more than her throe hundred. No. Robert, the equitable way would be to reckon your future prospects and your, future position as nu asset worth teii thou sand pounds a year, .-or anything you please -a year." Robert shook his head. "An . asset Is something that can he rcnlised. No one would advance a farthing on tlie security of my prospects. As a busi ness .man, George, you really ought to know by this time what an asset means." 'You are not going to a pawnbroker or a bank. You have- ail asset, I say, that in a certain lady's eyes might out weigh all her own advantages." "All tlie same. George," lie replied, doggedly. "I shall not stoop to live up on my wife." "You are nothing hut a perverse, ob stinate, and pig-headed bourgeois. iYou had better go back to Wapping. Come,, tlicn, I will meet you on your own ground. .You admit that a few thousands more or less matter noth- ing." "I'm sure I don't know. All I do know is that I've got about three hun dred pounds a year, and that Lady Frances lins got twenty thousand pounds a. year, and that the thing is impossible on that ground alone." "It isn't impossible on that ground— if you could rise to the situation. You have done very well, Robert, so far, but you ought to throw, oil the last .vestige of the1 shop:" : .- .-' f "What the devil has the shop got to do with Lady Frances and her money?" "Why you are not going jnto pait- nership. Hcr money would be simply a means of keeping you In a set of people and style of life necessary for your ambitions.- It is a detail. You feel that you belong to that kind of life: you don't want to use Jim" money for gambling, or for horse-racing, or any thing at all: this roof, which would perhaps be hers, and the food and the wine and the rest of it would be noth ing— nothing at all— In comparison with the solid advantages of society and in fluence. You ought to rise above such considerations really.; I am ashamed that you arc tied dowii by such' un worthy considerations. They, belong to Wapping-iii-thc-Ouse, believe mo, not to Piccadilly." He laughed and shook 'Ills lioiul. "I cannot live upon my wife," lie said doggedly. "Wapping or Piccadilly— I euro not where 1 live— so that it Is not upon my wife." "Well — then — " "Say no more about it, George. She is n.s far from me now as if I were at Wapping. I am sorry I told you. Yet I don't know. It's ii relief to tell somebody, anil you arc the only niiin to whom I ever told anything.. Mean time— there's an end. -She doesn't sus pect. n't any rate." I was for the moment diplomatically doubtful. I might tell liim .at once' of the wonderful find that would clear away one obstacle at leant. But tlseu, I. knew so well, beforehand, tb.e loi't'y scorn with . which' Frances would sweep away such an obstacle; how she would make iitin understand tlie paltry nature of lier own wealtii compared with (lie riches and abundance of his own abilities: how she would make liim ashamed of iiis own weakness in. hot perceiving tills fact for himself. niid how lie would lieeoine converted and resigned and submissive — strong proud man. Knowing all this I Would not tell him — yet. . , . . "There are," I summed up, "throe ob stacles in the way. There is Isabel- very good— v'ou shall lie released. Oil! I am not guessing. I tell you plainly that she does not care for you, except as a generous benefactor. Y'ou can't marry a girl who is only grateful. You have never made love to her.", ' "Of course not— I had no time.""' "And you cannot expect lier to he In love with you. Moreover, my dear cousin, I have reason to believe that if siin were free to-day, she would bo en gaged to-morrow." "Oil! To som'6 little clerk In the docks, I suppose. Isabel has no greater ambition than that." "Perhaps." I-Io'liiicl no suspicion at all— yet: he know that I had been wan dering nlioht with this girl all the sum mer evenings. " Girls," I said, "are sometimes singularly free from ambi tion. Some of thein want, nothing but love and a tranquil home; they are easily contented." "I suppose that is so," lie said with pity. "And so Isabel really wants to he released. Why co.uld she not tell me so herself?" - - ' . "Why; because she lias always been afraid of you. And grateful. She would nevei' take sueli a. step unless she knew that you wished It. I shall till lier heart with 'happiness 'to-night when I tell her what you really waiit." "Then let lier bo. happy— with .. lier dock clerk!" I-Iis face cleared Imme diately, and be laughed. "Poor child," lie. said. "She was n. good clerk and a good, accountant. How should her mind soar any .'higher?" , " "As for tlie other obstacle, Robert, thai objection to llie.huly on the scoi'o of wealth— It is unworthy of you— it is also unpractical. Yo.u ought to be quite above such , considerations.' >' . . \- "All the same, George,' lie repeated, "to live upon my wife would choke 'me." : , "You slinll hot bo choked', my dear Robert. This- obstacle,' too, shall 'be removed. Trust me— believe nie— wlieu I tqll you— on my word of honour— tliat , it slinll bo removed." .1 bad, I- say, the greatest confidence, lit Lady Frances and in. the iirgunionts 'which I .kiiew she would employ- to break down, this heart of stone; but there was also the additional comfort of feeling that tlie bag of precious stones "was In that seaman's chest. How beautiful is the- working out of the Doctrine of Chances! When one takes up a baud at; cards there are, millions to one against the particular hand that turns up. Yet it does turn up— that hand always turns up— In the face of those overwhelming odds. So with the bag of diamonds.- Every body' in tlie Wapping branch of the 1-iuriiikcl family had examined -that' chest; turned it upside down; taken everything out; yet had never found that hiding place. If it bad been found at any time it would have changed the fortune and altered the future of the whole -family. . Robert would have been impossible. Had Robert.- been born, brought up and trained otherwise, lie would have been quite another Robert. He would lin.vc understood, for instance, which he lins never yet perfectly succeeded in under standing, the audacity of -bis ambition n nd, us It' would seem to those 'who know the world— but not to himself— its impossibility. Why do young men of obscure birth and poverty succeed so often and so greatly? Because they do not understand the audacity of tlieir own ambition. "1 will win scholar ships: I will go to Cambridge: I will be Senior Wrangler: I will be Master, of my College: I will be Vice-Chan- ccllor of tlie University," says the lad of parts — low down in tlie'world. The lad of pnrts. higher up undjirstniids that the very flower' of the English-speak ing youth are his rivals: rliat lie must beat tlie best: that lie must actually be tlie 'best, and he is discouraged for c limbing: For nerve and hand and eye, the poor boy lias a far better chance than the rich. All our boys before they, are .born ought to pray for poverty— with brains and courage. All these line reflections passed through my bead between my last speech and Robert's reply. He. held out bis liana. "Trust you, George," lie said. "Isn't, it. rather late in the day to ask tliat, question? But bow? How can that obstacle' be removed?', "I shall 'not tell you. Now go on without any misgiving; and conquer— if you win. Only, Robert,- pray reineni bur. 'J'liis is not. quite tlie same tiling us the other venture you know. Then you bad to do with a school girl— a child. Now you liuvc an equal. You . ennnot understand. You must stoop to woo— even you— oil! Samson." "Only an equal? An equal?' Don't speak like a fool, George. You who know lier!" "You think that way at last. You have found someone to whom you are not equal. So much the better. But— I say, how about the foolishness of fondling and kisses?" "Oil! - There rose upon Ills clieek the roseate hues of early dawn— yet he was six and twenty. "Of course this Is different— quite different.. Isabel was only a schoolgirl, as you say. That, kind- of thing would only unsettle lier at tliut age. Tills Is quite different." CHARTER XXVI. I. found my mistress— it was nearly nine o'clock in the evening— in tlie purloin' playing her thoughts to her self. Tlie room had no light except that of the street lamp, which showed lier in her light, grey dress, something like a- gliost. She turned lier bond as I opened the door. In the lamplight. I saw lier sweet, serious face and lier limpid eyes. I was dragged by ropes to fall at lier foot. But 1 refrained. There was something- to be, said first. "George," she said, "you are worried about something. What lias hap pened?" There must have been something in my eyes—yet the room was so dark. Perhaps she could feel in some mag lietlc way— the way of love — tlie pre sence of emotion. This kind ol' thought reading \ is a branch of tlie science which lins been too much neglected. It Is, unfortunately, incapable of being put upon any stage, or oven illustrated in any drawing-room. Which is,, of course, the reason of this neglect. "Isabel," I sa-fd. "you are a witcli. Come Into the study, and I will tell you why I am. moved." The study was also in twilight, tlie light of the same lamp in the street falling upon the polished wainscot, and ; reflected about the room. My linnd touched. Isabel's, find, again that: temp- i tiitloii fell upon iiio. to take the girl In | my aims and to kiss lier, and never to I be wbarjdof that kissing. ; i (to iip. continued.) 