FREMANTLE MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. A general sowing of the Fremantle Muni- cipal Council was held last evening, the Mayor, Mr. E. Solomon, M.L.A., in the chair. There were present Crs. F. Jones, W. C. Forsyth, J. J. Higham, R. S. Newbold, J. J. Holmes, and J. B. Doohan. With reference to the siding at East Fre mantle states-, a communication was received from the Under-Secretary of Railways to the effect that the Commissioner could do so definite answer until the duplication of the line was made and a number of men plated alterations at East Fremantle were faced. Ck. Hiosax moved that the Government fee applied to for a loss of two chains of the aiding off As east side of the station. Cr. Jones seconded the proposition, which few affixed to. The Secretary of the West Australian Rugby Union wrote asking permission to play a match on the Fremantle Oval against . Coolgardie Rugby team on Monday, Jane 39, an application was granted on con Hill that one-half the gate receipts he headed over to the council. lb. W. R. George, the caretaker at the Town Hall, wrote applying for six months' leave of absence from August 1st, owing to enfeebled health, and at the expiration at the time that he might be allowed to retire from his position. As a resolution had been passed at a previous meeting to the effect that the services of Mr. George be dispensed with, and that he be granted a gratuity of 250 for long 1 seems, -a standing orders were suspended to allow of the matter being discussed. It was resolved to rescind the previous resolution, and allow Mr. George six months' leave of absence on full pay. On the motion of Cr. AMA it was also received to call for supply forward for sa acting caretaker. V Mr. Thos. Bliseo wrote applying for per ton-? to carry on quarrying operations on Um Park Bill, on behalf of the widow of a late Walter Lssutts. The application was granted with a view to aiding the general is their mark of cleansing the town a proposal to contract for scavenging the westward, which Facilities 18 streets, covering a distance of about two miles, was submitted by Messrs. Stuckey N Co. It was resolved to refer the proposal to the general purposes committee. The works committee reported having inspected East-street for the purpose of taking into consideration Mr. P. MeGillaa's application forms right to quarry out the ghost. They recommended that MeGillaa's spelling- be granted on his depositing the sum of 250 as a guarantee that the work will be carried out is a proper manner, and that he be based dows to finish the work by December 31st, 1896. The report was re- tired asd adopted. Its -staff has adjourned. 