FOR THE PEOPLE. IMPORTANT FOS COUNTRY READERS A BIG BOON TO COUNTRY RESIDENTS. (By John Hayneb, M.P.) It is not a very difficult thing to prove that the Land Tax is a big boon to country people, farmers, squatters, and business men. In point of fact, the passing of this measure of direct ^taxation was tbe tir6t signal victory of tbe country districts over tbe rich metro polis of Sydney, which for years has ruled tbe political roost in New South Wales. In dealing with the matter on the platform, 1 have always, in the very first place, asked any of the opponents of land tax to explain why land in tbe country districts is, after all the years of toil and labour upon it, worth only about £1 per acre, while land in the city, without any toil or expenditure on the part of the lucky owner, was worth up to £2000 per foot. (In some parts of George street £3000 per foot would be refused.) 1 have never been answered adversely, for there was only one explanation, namely, that tbe vast values of Sydney city property were given by public expenditures of the peoples' money ; that, aa the expenditure of the pub lic money was centred in Sydney, all lucky old owners of property had to do was to sit down and let the needs of : the community rush up the values. Recently some heirs of an old family sold a portion of the;r estate in Sydney at the rate of £1,200,000 per acre (nearly one aud a quarter million pounds per acre), and there are scores of instances where tbe lucky owners draw at the rate of £52 pounds per foot rental per year, on 21 year leases with the covenant that tbe occupier must build at his own expense. Let any one consider the reverse picture of the inland farmer or land owner. He goes on slaving, and when his hair is grey and his back doubled with toil, he findB bis land of the same value as when he started. All the time, under the old system of freetrade and protection, be has been paying taxes to make up tbe annual revenue and pay interest on loans expended for the most part to enrich the city man's land. To balance all this, the liberal politician has fought to bring about a direct tax on land values. Thus the farmer gets back tbe money screwed out of him by the powers in Sydney — for a universal land tax means that a man in the country districts pays one penny in the £ on laud worth, apart from improvements, only £1 per acre, while thejeity land monopolist to forced to pay a penny in the £ on land worth £3000 per foot. The country districts made Sydney ; now a laud tax forces the city to make the country. 1 find that one man alone in Sydney, a typical land nionopilist, will pay as much to tbe revenue as an entire country district. This man previously went scot free while his fortune was every day in creased. Tilt J.AND MILLIONAIRE A.NL) Hlb SCOUTS. l'eople reading and reflecting on tbe above facts will immediately understand why the liberals in the Sydney Parliament have fought so vehemently for a land tax, and they will also quickly see why certain poli ticians (in league with the rich land monopolist) are scouring the country, utter ing dire lamentations over the fate of the 'poor farmer' under laud tax. These gentry never say a woid as to hew the land has put the rich city man on the grill. No ; that fact is kept in the dark. They strive to alarm the farmer, or the country landowner ; they shriek for him, they shake for him, and fight for him, but it is the big man of the city or the rich holders of uncultivated lands on our river and railway frontages who all the time find the needful for the scheming. The tax is operating in the country as in the city. Where splendid lands on our rivers and railroads, as on Sydney streets, have been held for rising values tbe land tax com- j pels them to look round for buyers or | tenants. No longer are the tenants in ! search of landlords. The landlords arc in search of tenants, and the public for the first time are put in the way of getting good land near to water, rail, or market at a fair figure. Soon, when a man goes to a country town, he will not need the services of a blacktracker to find the farmer's hooie. No , it will be near train, town, water or market. But, above all, the Metropolis of Sydney will pay hundreds of thousands to the general revenue for road making and bridge building inland. All this work is embraced in the policy of decentralization — that policy | which I put before the people first at | Mudgee in 1887, and ever since kept to the | front until in last session of Parliament, we scored for it a great and lasting victory. THE GUOUT THAT STARTLED THE FAKMIiR. The splendid oldghost that haslongdoneduty for the rich monopolist in startling the farmer is the ghost of freetrade. And now when the 'poor farmer' is being plundered (as thay say), by a land tax, tbe famous ghost has been whitewashed and trotted out again. Say the scouts of the big man — 'You've gone and taxed our lands and now you've taken off the duties and let in the foreigner to compete with us,' their object being, of course, to get the farmer to vote down land tax and vote up protectionist taxes. But the fact is our farmers are kept ir- beggary so long as tbey are prevented from trading with the world, and trading between nations is done only by 'exchange of goods. If we shut out goods from abroad, there is a corresponding decline in the purchase of our goods or pro ducts. There is no such thing as sending money of tbe country, except, of course, where excessive protection prevents exchange and exportation. For instance, in N.S.W. twenty years ago, we had about eight millions of money coined for the use of the people, but though we have imported millions' worth of goods, and sold millions' worth since then, there is only about the same amount of money in the country. No more is required. Now and again some thousands of sovereigns are sent out from Sydney to London, but most of it is Queensland gold minted in Sydney, and the dalance, a few thusand, goes to square up transactions between us and tbe outside world, and which transactions amount to many millions sterling. We all remmember the old ghost's cry. ' Let us have protection and keep the money in the country.' There never was any money going out of the country It was only school-boy talk. The only country which has to send money out heavily to balance a badly top-sided trade is protec tionist Victoria, and a few particulars on the point will be given in next week's letter. A IXW Ufi.NXBAJ. ITLMS. The Dimboola correspondent of the Mel bourne Argil* writes 1 ' Emigration to New South Wales still continues, and since the beginning of tbe year a large number of farmers residing between bere and the border have left. On Wednesday no fewer than six teams, representing four families, passed through here from Kiata en route for the mother colony, taking a quantity of machin ery and a large number of borses.' So it seems that protection is making exiles of the Victorian farmers. In New South Wales, during the last five months, nearly 3,000 new homesteads have been established ; and 1,350,91*9 acres taken up for occupation and cultivation in small acres. What a revolution there has been in politics in New South Wales in three yeais. In 1893 Sir Henry Parkes was King, and Sir George Dibbs was heir apparent. Now tbe former is an unknown quantity in politics, and tbe latter is in a Government billet. An old Scotch couple, residing at Welling ton, recently went round the colonies on a eea trip for health. They started from Sydney. Tbey visited New Zealand, Hobart, Melbourne, and Adelaide. After leaving Sydney, and as tbey entered each harbour, tbe old lady asked *' Where'6 the shipping?' and then tbey agreed that they saw more shipping in one portion alone of Sydney Harbour than they had seen in all the other ports put together. There is only one mean ing to this : A country without a developing maritime trade is on the fall. Nothing can save it from internal collapse. Ships trade to a country only when they are sure of re turn cargoes. 