THE NOVELIST TIME SHALL T.RY. By the Author of ' With This Ring I Thee Wed,' 'A Wife's Temptation,' &c.; CHAPTER VH.-Continuod. ' So it iaj I must cut it. There, you we free, Well, aa I wag saying, Maberly ? ' ' Pleaao don't Bay auy more nonsense about Eugene. Helovoa Eaohol very much, and it would hurt both him and her if youropoatod any foolish worda Of his uttovod when he waa a boy, ana am not really know hor.' 'I should not think of doing suoh a thing, I nra only expressing a littlo surprise to you, A follow can't help being surprised at times at Maberly'a impulsive way of doing things. Fancy a tnan jumping off a coaoh to propose to a girl.' . ' Who told you so P' said Dora, walk ing off, with hor head very much in the n\r. 'I saw him, did I not P I shall ohaff him tremendously by and bye. Why, I remember the time when ho uaed to call Raohel a lovely piece of ice, and any ? ' ' I do not care what ho said,' cried Dora, angrily. ' It was only the foolish rash, opinion of ignorance. Ho thiuka very differently now. And JJachol is not cold; she has far deeper feeling than most people— myself, for instauoo.' ' One cannot believe that very easily. Do not bo vexed at what I have said,1 he added, in haste, na Dora walked swiftly on, ' I know Rachel is as good nssho is beautiful, and Maborly is a good fellow, too—his only fault is a hot temper— and I wish them both every happiness poaaiblo to life.' i ' You have been a long time in Baying it,' returned Dora. ? ' That came of surprise, I always fancied Maborly admirod a dark, flash, ing, brilliant boauty. Your couain, for instance, ia the sort of girl I imagined ho would choose-.' 'It ia evident that your imagination is altogether at fault. Rachel ia the very antithesis of Milly,' ' True. And when are they to be married, if I may ask P' «' Not for a long time— not for nearly Wo years,' ' And when shall wo follow their cxamulo, Dora P' This question waa too abrupt; it savored tpo much of conceit and pre sumption. The girl rod dened to the roots of her hair aa she heard it. Evidently he thought she was like those fruits which fall at a touoh, too ready to drop into his hand. Sho walkod on ?without n word. He might havo marked the graduation of color on her cheek, and watched it fade away to the extreme whiteness of anger, but ho waa too full of himself to note this. Ho was young and vain, and ho had no rival— reasons sufficient to cause pro Bjiwptiou. 'I think your father Bhoxild havo Hnawored Mdborly as Laban did Jacdb, * It umst not bo so dono in our country to give the younger before the older.' '' ' It is a thing often dono in our country.' ?? But in thia oaso it nood not bo dono Shall I tell your father so, Dora P' ' I cannot imagine whoro Cordelia is taking ua. We -vra ueuriug the brink of aprooipico, I boliovo.' 'You are vory unkind not to answor my question— my twoqucstiona,Imonn,' ' They would havo to be put in a , very different manuor boforo I should condescend to answer thorn,' said Dora, u- a voice which shook a little. «? Would they P Is writing a letter tho orthodox way P If so, I will do it and como to Warowood myself for tho answer.' Thia was better j ft garrison does not ''/surrender at u word; it is wise to ap preaoh it by slow degroea. Having brought a. littlo doubt and hesitation into his voloo, Dora could afford to bo less defiant. 'Toucan write if you like,' ehe said $ ' but I will make no promises as to my reply.' 'I will take that verbally to-morrow, ; ? whon Ioall for my rejected photographs. ',?? JItwe you chosen ono yet P' ' No, I have not had time to look at / them.' Thia was slightly disappointing. Ho looked at her with an aggrieved air, but paid, nothing. « 'Where is Cordelia P' oried Dora, in a moment. A hugo projecting rook, down whose green and mossy aides water trickled , gently, soood just boforo them in the sljony path, obstructing tho way. 1 . «' She has got round tho rock,' Harry answered, Dora stopped, nnd gazed inquiringly around upon tho strango wild scene , The place looked likotho fragment of tho ruined world. Brokon rooks of all forma and Bizos lay upon the ground— or rather, thoro waa no ground, for all (tho soil waa gono, and their feet touched the bare und atony rib3 of the earth, - ogetatioii had censed, oxcepfc whwe tho tiny riU drivpodfrow tho green, mossy rock ; all the others were white and glistening, baro aa fclaaohed bones in a wilderness j and tho rill itaelf, in a aad, silent Way, sank among the Btones and vanished. It wis a vulley of desolation. Rooka hemmed it in on either side, while a(j the entrance tho pines rase like a dark wall, fringing the narrow horizon. In frout lay tho hugo moss-stainod rook blocking the way. Thisstoney valloywaaiu fact a sort of canon, or gorge, like tho bed of a dried river : it narrowed gradually, and at this spot soemed to come to an end, tho rock boins the door whioh closed it up. Behind this lay piled crag upon crag of gray stones, giving no footing to the most daring climber, and yield lag no more vordure than the ashes of a dead world. ' Surely I remember this placo now,' said Dora, a ohill senso of awo upon hor j' but I have not been hero for yonra. It was forbidden ground to me and Raohel. There k something daugoi'ous in it— I forgot what. Call Cordelia back, I am afraid to go on.' ' Thoro is no danger yot,' replied Harry, ' and no real danger uny whoro if pooplo nro warned and know their way. I havo often como hero to shoot soabirds. There is Cordelia beckoning to us.' Sho had roappoared from behind the rook, and running up to her, Dora per ceived that it masked a natural arch way, of which it formed one side. The arch was fringed with long fronds °* the asplenium marinum, so greon, that it aeomod as if here tho earth waa turned iuaido out, and tho groeu was within, tho bare rock without. Beyond this bright fantastio fringe waa a apaco luminous as a moonlit night might bo, then black darkness and tho sound of rushing1 water. 'Have you been in there?' cried Dora, gazing into tho cavern in a sort of horror, 'I havo been to sea if the path is safo 5 sometimes after rain it is slippery and to miss one's footing hore. is dan gorous, but we havo had a long drought and tho rooks aro dry. Give ino your hand 5 I am to be your guide.' But Dora drow back with a shudder . 'I cannot venture in thoro j it looks horrible,' sho said. ' It is not so droadful or so dark as it looks, and I promiso you a groat re ward after the darkness ia passed.' There was an air of soourity about Cordoliii that gavo Dora courago, and, moroovor, she was curious, and anxious to oxploro a placo about whioh some dim floating memories of childhood wore now perplexing her. Sho put hor hand in Cordelia's. ' I shall trust mysolf to you,' sho said, '?Harry must follow us.' Sho plunged within tho gloom, and found herself in a long, narrow cavern not filled with light, but with a luminous air, like darkneas mado opaque through which ran a little chilly breath, as perceptible to the senso as tho keon touoh of ft sword point. ' That is tho draught from tho river,' said Cordelia. ' Look, do you sqq it gleaming down there far bolow P' Dora looked ovor a low w»H of rook then Clutched her companion with both hands. At tho foot of a sheer precipice a hundred feet bolow, there glided on, with a faint rushing sound, tho buried river, which had disappeared from its bed nbovo, Tho pnlo shadowy light that hovered over it was as the light of Ilados— only a thin darkness j and the faint rays, which just touched some eddying fall or twisting whirlpool, and vnniahod, soemod tho transparent fingers of ghosts.pointing at these death ly dangora mockingly, then snatching themseivos away with a, hollow laugh, which tbo echoes sent rolling through the snaky length of this winding dark uesH, ' It was not tho aenso of sight alono which shrank from that swift, blaok stream, cleaving a way for itself to the sen, through the secrets of darkness and tho depths of tho earth, but the facul ties of hearing arid feeling quivered also, For tho rush of the river added to ita terror, as tho hisa of a serpent adds to tho eight of his slim body, 01 the shout of the thunder adds to the flash of tho lightening. ' Aro you frightened ?' asked Harry, and he stretched out a protecting arm between Dora and the chasm intc which she looked. ' Not now,' sho adswered, standing upright again from her crouching attitude. ' I can even see tha Btrange and terrible beauty of the place, but it awes me. Let ub go on !' The path widened as they wont on into dooper darkness, and tho chasm where tho river ran narrowed and nar rowed, till at length tho opposing rocks at.tho top touched, then closed, and the river was roofed over and buried again. ' But oven this strong and mighty tomb oannot hold tho stream,' Cordelia said. ' It bursts from ita sepulchre again, and with a great leap reaohea tho sea.' They had left tho light behind them and woro walking now towards a now light faoing thorn. This broke into tho darkness through a long rift in tho rooky wall, and streamed forward in one wide, slanting ray, broad as a man's hand, and distinct and shining as a .sheet of coW, 