LETTERS TO PUBLIC MEN. w f lliam Gilbert, Chairman of the Parlia mentary Country Party. Inasmuch as there is noHouse of Assembly there is no Country Party. The Assembly is dead ; the Country Party has given up the ghost ; ,and you, William Gilbert, are politically deceased. Neither is without hope of a resurrection more or less glorious. So far as the Assembly is concerned my prophetic eye can discern no revivification of some of the old bones lying in the North Terrace Charnel House. The clarion notes of the trumpet of victory will sound in vain for them. They will lie mouldering and forgotten in the melancholy crypt of the Might-Have-Been. Let u£ place an inscription over their resting place " Here lies the last of Toryism." As for the Country! Party, it will again spring into being. At present it is enduring what I may term a Purgatorial process. It is passing through the fierce fire of public criticism, and it will emerge, I trust, purged of such dross, if not altogether purified. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego— the men who have ever considered the public weal before mere personal ambition-—will go unharmed through the furnace, but the false priests who have set up the worship of self will be utterly consumed. The period of sacrifice is approaching. It will behove some men to meditate very seriously before they submit themselves to the ordeal of fire. Some of them are as old and musty as four thousand years old Egyptian mummies, and they will be incinerated in the merest fraction of time. Have you, my dear Gilbert, got your asbestos suit on? Asbestos is here intended as a synonym for a good conscience. Properly speaking there should be only two parties in South Australia—the Liberal and the Anti-Liberal. We are, however, living in a tran sitory age, and so we have the Party of the Ins and the Party of the Outs, the Labor Party, the Country Party, and—but no, the party by the name of Johnson is extinct. By-and-bye the Spirit of Liberalism—using the language of one of the greatest reformers the world has ever known— will say, " He that is not with me is against me." There will be no middle course possible. _ There will be but two roads—one leading to the Abodes of Bliss the other to the Domains of Selfishness. We shall have to choose between the narrow path and the broad way, and I only wish that I pos sessed the eloquence of the Hon. J. L. Parsons that I might, as he did ofttimes in the bygone days, indicate the rapture of all who walk in the way of righteousness. Unfortunately my ideas and those of Mr. Parsons somewhat differ on the subject of political righteousness. What is the object of these various parties? Primarily the Ins seek to remain in, the Outs desire the ejection of the Ins, the Labor Party devotes its energies to the betterment of the labor ing classes, and the Country Party endeavors to. advance the interests of the producers. Here we have four sets of persons working not perhaps alto gether antagonistically, but still by no means in concord. There is too much of the game of grab about the proceedings. First of all there is mutual distrust, the natural result where so many men are playing a lone hand with the State as the stakes. Suspicion leads to jealousy, and jealousy means all that is devilish. I can compare all these parties only to a band of light-fingered gentry each with his hand in the pocket of the State. The lot of you constitute a gang of accomplished pickpockets. Pagan and his crew sink into insignificance beside you. The Artfnl Dodger is easily beaten on his most, favorite pitch. Let me glance for a moment at the constitution of the Country Party. You, the chairman, repre sent a section which has been termed the Liberal Conservative—a hybrid of modern growth. With you are associated men of the most extreme views, men whom I may style Free Educationalists and Anti-Free ^Educationalists, because it is my pro found conviction that only by means of free education shall we be able to build up anything like a perfect Democracy. On only a com parative few questions are the members of the Country Party really united. A Bill brought in for the benefit of the producer may secure your undivided allegiance, but oo questions, affecting the entire community you are hopelessly at war. The violent Oppositionists in your ranks are ever scheming for the downfalLof the Ministry. They are cjior blind. Everything that is brought under their notice is in hue as black as Erebus. They will never believe that there is such a con dition as white—white is not a color, is it ?—until thay are wearing Ministerial spectacles. And now for the Labor Party. Here is an organisation with Liberal aims but still largely fettered by class prejudices, the natural outcome of long years of political servitude. The suddea realisation of considerable power has carried with it a determination to redress class grievances, in itself a highly commendable desire, and the only danger is that in regarding the interests of individuals the interests of the State may be to some extent sacrificed. The platform of the Labor Party is one containing many liberal planks. Some of them, such as representation on the basis of population, we may consider baneful and as tending to a policy of centralisation, which would be disastrous in its effects. Still there is much that is good apart from this, and were a plan that I have had in my mind's eye for some years only possible of execution I believe politics in Soath Australia would be set upon a foundation that would be absolutely safe and impregnable I want to turn matchmaker. I desire to bring about the marriage of the Labor and Couutrv Parties. Do you start at the suggestion ? If you think hard you wilt see that it contains nothing really incongruous. I believe a vast majority of our far mere would express themselves in sympathy with the Labor Party if the totally erroneous idea were not so industriously circulated by interested politicians that the compacv body of men under review would, if they had the opportunity, tax them out of existence. A Country Party man like George Biddocb, for example, would as soon think of selling his soul to Mephistopheles as of forming an alliance with individuals whom he doubtless designates in a lordly, shepherd-king, wholesale manner as Socialists. But to the thoughtful unbiassed man this union is quite within the bounds of practical politics. The hard-working farmer who toils from year's end to year's end to make the soil fruitful and keep a roof over himself and his family should be linked by the bond of sympathy at all events with the laborers and the mechanics, without whose aid he would be unable to compete against the elements. I wish I could announce the engagement next week and the nuptials to be formally celebrated in June ! So far I have been addressing myself to your party. I now come to you particularly. I regret that I cannot write that you are on my side. I wish you were now as you were when you fought with the Chartists in England. But the amassing of a competence in this new country has put the Radical spirit to sleep. "Let it be" has taken the place of "Strive for reform." With a life of ease has sprung up a sense of self-satisfaction. Your range of vision is circumscribed. The edge of sympathy has grown blunt from neglect. Y*t I cheerfully recognise you as an honorable opponent. The conservative instinct has been of gradual and, to yon, imperceptible development. On some points you are almost a Liberal. In the approach ing elections you will, I believe, be once more successful. The opposition you will encounter is, I imagine, too feeole to send you into retirement and enable you to make that trip to the old country you at one time contemplated. Therefore I ask you to read the signs of the times. Inaction is impossible. We must advance or we must decay.— -Yours very faithfully, QUIZ. Next week—The Hon. Alfred C&tb; (Chairman of Committees). 