THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES, i Mr. J. N. MaskeJyne, the conjurer, relates some of his experiences to a writer in tbe ' English Illustrated Magazine ' : — ' Apart from mere objective illusion,' he says, ' appar itions exist only in imagination. The great proof of this is the question of clothes. If spirits appeared tike some of the ' living pic tures, appnreiitlv ui t!-e nude, oue might be in- ! clined to believe in their reality. I believe I j wss the first to suggest this objection, about 53 | years ago. I was 1 aving a discussion with Mr. j Benjamin Coleman, s imamed, ' The Father - f \ English Spiritualists,' a very nice, amiable, and j credulous oid gentleman. He was describing a seance he hsti attiendod and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfather. She had never seen him in eartb-Jiie, but recognised him from a painting. The. 6 -irit appeared iu periwig, kuee- breecties, an- a green coat with gilt but tons. ? Then,' said 1; ' this -lady not only saw the spirit of her grandfather. hut also the spirit of bis green coat and gilt buttons ! ' Mr. | Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled ex pression. I continued : ' Do you really believe that tbere is such a thing as the spirit of a coat?'. ' No.' snid be, ' I can't think that, and I can'ti account for the appearance of tbe clothes, but li will ask ,t};e spirits. ? The old gentleman told, me afterwards that be had consulted ' Katey King ' upou the subject. Katey King, as you may remember, was a very popular spirit at that time, so much so that she was frequently known to have appeared at several seances at tbe same moment. She was also the spirit who was said: to have carried Mrs. Guppy from Ball's Pond to Lamb's, Conduit-street, and it was the ex posure of this ? spirit ' which sent poor Robert Cale Owen to a lunatic asylum. Well, Katey Kiog shirked Mr.. Coleman's question for some time, but he persisted , in haying au answer, and at last she replied, * Why. of course, w? materialise the clothes out of particles in tbe atmosphere.' This was a perfectly satisfactory explanation to the Spiritualists, but even the most credulous members of the Society for Psychical Research cannot at present believe in the ghost of a pair of breeches. If they could, they would at once accept every night mare story as a spiritual visi'ation. That cun ning old impostor, Mdrne. Blavatsky, tried to bridge over this difficulty by inventing tbe theory that there is an 4 astral bedy' or counter | part to everything in existeuce and everything that has existed. So tbere must be an astral sea- serpent, an astral big gooseberry — in fact, an astral world and a astral universe.' 