LORD DXTFFERIN ON HIS DIP- LOMATIC EXPERIENCES. '* POSITIVEIYX* HIS LAST APPEARANCE IN OFFICIAI. LIFE." LORD DUFFEBIN was entertained or October 28, at a banquet by the Lord Mayor and citizens of Belfast, li responding to the toast of his healtt he said :-On my departure foi Canada, and on my return, when ] was named to the Vice- Royalty oi India, and as soon as I came back with a cordiality and generosity which has never been absent from my thoughts, you assembled togethei to bid me God-speed and to welcome me home. (Hear, hear.) With these repeated acclamations still ringing in my ears, you can understand my hesitation in accepting the invitation to attend this banquet. When 1 remembered that the summons to the banquet came direct from the Lord Mayor himself, the temptation of grasping his friendly hand, and of again finding myself surrounded by so many well-known faces, and of receiving the renewed assurance of your approval and confidence, over- éame my qualms of conscience, and must be my excuse for my presence to-night. I was further confirmed in my resolution by the reflection that this, at all events, would be, to use the tautology of the playbills, " positively my last and Anal appear- ance " on the stage of official life, for not only the burden of advancing years, but the fact of beginning to grow what stone-deaf people euphe- mistically call "a little hard of hear- ing " - (laughter) - obliterates any desire on my part for further public employment. A sensible man should be prompt to recognise the limita- tions imposed upon his activity by nature's gently beckoning hand, when the hour strikes to leave the scene vacant for younger and better men than himself. AN IRISH LANDLORD. Nor have I any reason to regret the change, for it will bring me again into continued contact and relation- ship with the friends of my youth, with my occupations and interests as an Irish landlord, or rather as the attenuated ghost of one-(Iaugh . ter)--while I trust it will still afford me an opportunity of associating I myself in many a good work with those I see around me, who have I beon the authors and pillars of Ulster's industrial and commercial I expansion and prosperity(Cheers.) In any event, the transition from the excitement of a public career to the more commonplace pursuits of private ' life _ cannot efface the obligations of existence, for wherever or whatever we may be, innumerable duties are sure to lie ready to our hand in every direction-(hear, hear) -and, happily, I duty is so divine, a thing of so satisfying an essence, that like the magic tent in the "Arabian Nights," it can skrink to the narrow limits of the sempstress' attic, or oxpand to the dimensions of a mighty empiro sheltering as impar- tially within its content-breathing folds tho lowly ones of tho earth as it does weariod kings and rulers who have chosen it for their roof-tree. (Hear, hear.) IRISHMEN AND THE BMP1RK, As you know, I have never been a belhcoso politician-(hoar, hear, and laughter)-and one of the chief I happinesses of my lot has consisted in being able, as a servant of the Empire at large, to hope that each time I had the good fortune of dis- charging a public duty to the satisfaction ot ray superiors I was also placing a tangible item on the credit side of Ireland's personal account. (Hear, bear, and cheers.) I may add that, while pursuing my career through its various stages, I have derived no small satisfaction from the fact of its exemplifying, as have done those of many ab! or men than myself, such as Lord Mayo, Lord Lawrence, Lord Wolseley, Lord Roberts, and dozens of others both from the north and from the south, with what generous facility every post to which a man can honorably aspire, up to the greatest within the gift of the Grown, is placed within the reach of any Irishman who is anxious to devote his bumblo talents to the service of the Queen and her dominions. (Cheers.) THB SKELETON EVERY 8LKBK NATION KKEP8 IN ITS PRIVATE CUPBOARD. But I have to apologise for having been tempted by your kindness to trespass too long upon your atten- tion with matters more or less of a personal character. Tou will have a right to expect that an ex Ambassador, arrived red- hot from a foreign capital, released from official supervision, bursting with diplo- matic secrets, and Big with prog- nostications of the future - (laugh- ter)-should make a clean breast of it and confide to your expectant ears everything that ho knows. (Renewed laughter.) It is true, though tay appearance may belie the simile, I feel like a young colt turned out to grass, and am ready to kick up my eels at all authority-(laughter and cheers)-but, unfortunately, inveter- ate habit and the iron discipline of successive Secretaries of State have so saturated us diplomatists with a creosote of discretion that it is not until the lapse of half a century that the cryptic lore we have absorbed during our professional careers is sublimated and exhaled for public consumption through the alembic of the deep delving archivist. It is, therefore, with the greatest regret that I find myself precluded from directing for your benefit a blaze of Röntgen. rays upon the closed doors of the several Cabinets of Europe and exhibiting to you in turn the skeleton which each Bleek nation keeps in its private cupboard. (Laughter. BNOLAND'S UNPOriTtABITY. But still there are one or two im- pressions which I feel at liberty to convey to you, without making the hair of our Foreign Office stand on end, or causing a panic on all the exchanges of Europe. I only wish, however, they could be of a more gratifying character. The first remark I have to make will probably cause you as much sur- prise as regret-namely, that at the present moment we are not the most popular nation in Europe. Now, I do not hesitate for a moment to assert that as a race we are undoubtedly a genial, kindly, and benevolent community. (Hear, hear.) Indeed, it is our humanitarian sym- pathy which proves such a stumbling block' to the foreigner. Our natural instinct is to regard other countries with a lazy kind of goodwill, to be rather glad than otherwise at their well-being, certainly to sympathise very keenly with their calamities, and to salute their excellencies with ungrudging applause. Every well educated Englishman appreciates and admires the civilisation of France - (hear, hear) - and the amiability, the wit, the gaiety, and the eminence in the fields of literature and art of the French people-(hear, hear) - and between cao irisn ana ene x renca enere musí always exist the sympathy born oi their ethnological affinity. (Hear hear, and laughter.) Then the Ger- mans-for years we have been taught to regard them as our own kith and kin, possessed of th« same burly fenial, beer- loving-(laughter)- in ustrious, practical nature as our- selves. Austrians and Englishmen always get on together, as we do also with the Hungarians, our com- mon love of horses and sport invariably proving a never-failing source of sympathy and comrade- ship. Portugal is an ancient ally, ana the blood we shed in defence of Spanish freedom will never cease, I trust, to be a cherished memory on both our parts. (Hear, hear.) Of our good relations with Italy I need not speak, and though at one time we regarded Russia's extension in Asia with distrust, the present secure character of our Indian frontier, the recent settlement of the Afghan delimitations, the honorable and peace-loving charaotor of the late Emperor, and our sympathy for his youthful successor and his beautiful Empress-(hear, hear)-who is also one of our own Princesses-(cheers) -have dispersed these obsolete pre- judices. (Renewed cheers.) As for the possibility of any ulterior conflict of interests m the extreme Orient, the form and outline of the situation which circumstances may eventually develop in those distant regions is still so vague and misty that it would bo unreasonable to pick a hypothetical quarrel with Russia on that account. (Hoar, hear.) Finally, with rogard to America, there is not an Englishman, Irishman, or Scotch- man wno does not wish her well, or whose .soul would not revolt with horror at the thought of any fratri- cidal collision with the United States, which could only result in involving us and them in a common ruin. (Cheers.) With_ Turkey alono have wo anything like an outstanding disputo-nay, not even with Turkey or tho Turks, but only with tho sanguinary camarilla that have usurped tho administration and ousted tho Porte from its proper functions. (Hear, hear.) God grant that as, in tho case of Crete, the recalcitrant Powers came eventually round to England's view, and have plucked that Island out of the fire, so their consciences and the dictates of humanity will lead them to unite with her in redeeming the disgrace which bas lately fallen on the Euro Í>ean Areopagus ! (Hear, hear.) But et it always be remembered that the salvation of the Armenians cannot be found in any special geographical regime to be applied to them alone, which would be a physical impossi- bility ; but in such reforms as would protect the lives, liberties, and pro- perty of all the Christian subjects of the Porte, as well as those of their Mohammedan fellow - countrymen. (Hear, hear.) Well,-our amiable frame of mind towards other nations'being such as I. ha ve des- cribed, it is certainly an astonishing fact that the Press of most of the countries to which I have referred is more or less in the habit of alluding to us in language of the most uncompromising hostility, a hostility which is a bewildering enigma to the ordinary good-humored and placable Englishman, especially as, in most cases, it is unconnected with any pending controversy. Mr. Curzon, however, in his recent brilliant and admirable speech, has undoubtedly hit the right nail on the head, and given, at all events to a great extent, the correct explanation of a temper so out of harmony with our -own- friendly instincts. We Englishmen, safe within the circuit of our tutelary : seas, can form no conception of the haunting anxieties which embitter the existence of the nations of Central Europe, upon and'motionless, a threatening cloud of war, and whose citizens, even within the' recesses of their inner THE WAR CLOUD. whose frontier hangs, black ... " Al_4._Î---.1-1 most chambers, mingling with the prattle of their children and the tender converse of the hearth, can hear the ominous tramp of alien armies, the rattling of their artillery, the thunder . of their squadrons as they periodically gather, march, and manoeuvre within, so to speak, a stone's throw of their, unprotected fields and villages and open towns; With such a sword of Damocles hanging over each country's head, you can understand how angry all become at the thought of what they consider the inconsiderate action of an outsider like ourselves precipi- tating the risk of a universal disas- ter. The very circumstance of our being out of the path of the storm is an additional subject of offence and irritation, and this feeling is still further enhanced by Europe being divided-at all events, for the moment, I do not say permanently, for all alliances are Kaleidoscopic into two independent interests, the one represented \ by what for all Êractical purpose's we may call the mal and the other by the Triple Alliance. (Hear, hear.) Each Con- federacy is alive to the effect which our co-operation on either side might have upon the result in the case of an ulterior conflict, and all are united in abusing what they call our selfish isolation and our indifference to the vital interests that preoccupy themselves. A person who sits upon the, fence is always an obnoxious individual, and statesmen who are so absorbed in tho crucial cares I have referred to cannot make allow- ances for the motives of our tradi- tional detachment from their own political system, and fail entirely to comprehend that England's face is turned . seawards rather than to- wards the European continent, and that we are more concerned with our own commercial and colonial interests across the ocean than with the intertribal rivalries of our immediate neighbors. (To be continued in Saturday's issue.) 