OUR STORY. THE HAUNTED HOUSE OF BAYOU SALE. (From the Catholic World.) THEIR account was confused, replied M. de Cituar. They heard the groans and cri' s, and they agreed in their statement of a woman who appeared and disappeared on the portico, like a flash of lightning, as they expressed it. He looked at me a moment as if deliberating what to say, and con tinue d : I have ever ridiculed stories of haunted houses, but what I saw 1 cannot deny. I would like to know what ycu think of it, monsieur ? Give me your opinion. I pondered for some minutes, then asked abruptly, What docs Lucia think ? Poor woman ! he ejaculated. She is the most distressed one of all. We dare not speak of it before her, for when we do she weeps and worries Maria with her laments for the mis fortunes that ha e befallen us. M. de Oimar, I said, all you have told me is very strange. I scarcely know what to think. I acknowledge, pardon my incredulity, that I am not convinced. I must first see the ghost myself. He grasped my arm, and cried in a voice much shaken, "My friend, promise me that you will not go there at niht," and he pointed with a trembling finger in the direction of Bayou Sale house. Fortunately I was prevented, by the entrance of Marie, from making a promise that would have destroyed my plans for the ferreting out of the ghost. I had been at the little house by the bayou a week, when I took occa sion to say to M. de Cimar that I feared I would have to cut short my visit. My secretary, I: exclaimed, is about some law business that needs my personal supervision, and it takes so long for letters to pass to and fro. If monsieur is not tired of an old man, why not have monsieur the secretary to come here? There is a room for him, he suggested timidly. If it would not incommode — Say no more, he interrupted glee fully; but write monseiur the secre tary to come, in an instant ! I could no longer play the part of a hyprocrite, his confidence in me was so sincere. Monsieur, I said perhaps you would object to my secretary. He is a fine fellow, he will be called to the bar in spri g, and I assure you his prospects are brilliant. My secre tary, monsieur, is M. Claude Avallon He looked dazed at me for a moment. I wodd rather monsieur had to d n. e this at first; but I have given my word. Monsieur will do me the honour to say to M. Avallon that I invite him to my house, he said quietly, and walked out of the room, and all that day he treated me with much stateliness. But Marie, when I told her that Avallon was coming to Bayou Sa!6, was over joyed. On the day Avallon was to arrive at Berwick Bay I got into the spring wa_on behind Vestre to accompan him thither to fetch my secretary to Bayou Sale. I was impatient to hear from Avallon s lips the important news I expected him to have for me, but my impatience to reach ! ervvick did ni t hinder my bidding Vistie stop before the dismal mansion of the De Cirnars while I visited the prem ises. Marse, what is you' fustest name, if you kindly tell me, sah? he asked, unwillingly bringing the mare to a halt. I ac nowledge that I was snob enough to be delighted at being so addressed by Yestre. Hitherto he had called me boss. I had been long enough m Louisiana to discover that an old time negro addresses those whom he considers worthy of his highest respect as mat se ; those whose positions are undefined to him as boss, and those whom he addresses . as mis ter are, in his parlance " white trash." My Christian name is Henry, Yestre, I replied with much con descension. Well, see hrah, Marse Henry, he expostulated ; wha' foah you goin' fool in' roun' that tha' hou e foah ? What Ye tre done foah you ter want ter get him in troub' ? 01' marse, he pintedly say when you up stair' com bin' you' haah— I seen you through er winder— he say, Yestre, you go straight ter Berwick, and if yer stop, comin' or goin', at Bayou Sal£ ol' place, you jest pack up er bag an' go up bayou ter you' son-er- law.. But he can't send you away, you know, Yestre; you have no call to. mind him, I said maliciously, for I did not think he was telling the truth. Look yeab, Marse Henry, an' quit your triflin' ! When I'se 'bleeged ter min' ol' marse, I wahn't so perticler, but ol' marse he all broke up now, .an' foah a fae', Marse Henry, I does my duty cos him, an' ol' marse he mighty kin' ter Yestre »n' all he folks. Vestre, I said shamefacedly, I beg you- pardon— drive on. I t'anks you kindly, Marse Henry, responded Vestre solemnly, and chir ruped up the mare and entered into a discourse which we did not break till we reached Berwick. And if what he told me is true then Solomon in all his glory was as naught to the Do Cimara before the war. I scarcely waited to greet Avallon before demanding, Well, Claude, wa« the seizure made according to law t ' His eyes twinkled and he replied : It was ; but the sa le was not adver tised; neither M. de Cimar nor his lawyer, M. Goupil, were notified, and last but not least, my friend, the estate passed directly from the hands of the Provisional government into those of a bagger named Sypher. Astounded that such things could be, I cried : Then it was not legalized robbery, but robbery outright, and the estate is still in reality M. de Cimar's ! That is very true, he returned des- pondingly ; but how is he to get it ? And if lie had it, be has no capital to work it ; and if he could work a little of the land even, how long before the whole would again be seized for taxes ? Jump in, I said, standing by the spring- wagon, and on the way I'll try to answer your ifs. But instead of answering them, I continued, as we jolted over the road, let us see how we are to get M. de Cimar in possession. That is first and foremost. I talked on, but soon discovered that his mind was wandering off to another subject. You are not paying attention, I accused. Presently — but do you think that Ha will now p.nnRanf. f.A mm Vtoinrr betrothed? he asked. Although Avallon's eyes appealed to me, I answered pettishly that I did not know ; he had best ask M. de Cimar; he wou d have many oppor tunities to do so during his stay at the Bayou. Pardon me for interrupting you, he said quietly. You see I cannot wrap niyse f up in business as you are able to do. I was about to give a sharp retort, but remembered in time that he knew of no r- ason why an allusion to tl.is betrothal should give me pain. I shall always believe that I was right in that I shirked being a witness to their m eting ; although, meeting as they did ip the presence of.M. de Cimar, w ho scarcely con ented to their being friends, their greeting must have been without effusion of any kind. Still, Avallon infoimed me, after so long a separation as theirs had been even to see one another was supremo happness. This, on the night after his arrival, he told me in my room, whither I had called him to talk over my plan for a night visit - to the plantation house. To be Continued. 