FICTION. A MOUNTAIN MYSTERY. . CHAPTER I. The shades of night woro falling ovor tho swarthy boss of groat Pondragon. Giles Moarley— a young, robust, baodsomo fellow- had found ooeaslon to go to Colston on busi ness ; and, in his wisdom and eoonomy, be had sot off on foot rather than deliver up tho last penny In his pookot to the railway coin pony. It Is, however, somawh surprising that, oa saoh a night as It t'avn promised to bceome, h'e should nave boon seized with tho ambition to travel by way of tho mountain-top when hc'mlght havo gono both quioker ana after by tbo high road. But to the amorous and warm-blooded most obstacles aro super- ablo ; If distanoes and dangers do not aotually whot tho mortal appetito, thoy may bo reduced to moro bagatelles— as they were by Giles, now in tho heyday of his youth. Besides, he loved Joule Prlco— the daughter of a farmer at Barley— and It was In his lonlicst walks that ha was bost ablo to soliloquise with lovo as tho Inspiration alid tho tbomo. So now ho glided shadow-like up Pondragon's pro- eipltous western front In faoo o! inolplont snow, In none of that dotestably daring, defy ing mood we see so eommon, but well ploased with the ohltiy congratulations ho got from Nature, and wishing that ho might never have a moro distasteful task to perform. In duo course he arrived on the broad table- mott, witn i» inuuuH mtiu ut wuiur-iugguu, snow-topped bents, which hindered his pro gress a good deal. His whistling o! tho Rev. 8\. Baring Gould's hymn, " Onward, Christian Soldiers," came to a sudden stop as thoughts more personal and mundane rushed into his mind. Reproduced, they would havo been as follows 44 1'vo ono enemy In this world, and that Is Amos Cowliog. Ho Is a great, big, bullying, hulking fool. But Jonlo Prlco is the bonniest littlo lady in oxlstonoo. I fear mo that Amos Is after her ; but, whUo I live, he'll no got her. Thoso too seen together would bo like beauty and the beast. God bless Jonle. .... I've heard Amos at parties call her Jo-hanner. Sho ought to bo called Joanna, but I shall always say Jonlo; it sounds so pootry-llko, Hallo I What's that?" Was It mothor Holston, Mother Cnt hbort, or |Damo Demdiko? For a momont Giles was living baok in tho days of tho wltohes. Thon ne found himself again, while stepping boldly towards tho cairn of stones at 1,681 foet, which etonils like a monument overlooking tho Colaton valley. Boon after that ho was shafting down Pondragon's eastern brow, qulto ooroposcd and poetically Inclined. He re&ehed; tho Aolds. All at once ho be came oonsoiouB of two human Agures— thoso of a man and woman, he thought— moving on some distance In front. Without knowing why, ho abated his speed, and watohed tho figures so Intently that ho stumbled and fell. Arising, something prompted him to put on a spurt. No suspicion was yet gathering in bis breast. Hastening on to pass those figures, In a mlnuto or two, he overtook— Jonie Prloe, quite by herself. 41 Jonie ! Jonie !" oricd Giles, " for God's sake, tell me what you are doing out hero to night." "I really cannot, Giles," sho said, with a countenance as pale as tho moon. " Do not Insist, pleaso." 44 Then, how can I trust you any moro ?" Giles bad takon umbrage. "Was that man T raw vnti with hint nnw Atnou fimvUnrr 9" " 0, 1 must not tell." Giles felt suspicious, alarmed, Irritated, puzzled, wounded. " Jonlo," ha asked quietly,'" don't you love mo any longer ?" " Of oouree, I do, Giles ; of courso, I do. . unless . . unless you are going to be all jealously. Do not try to spy out my ways- It is very oruel of you ; but remember that' wh&t; I do Is for tho best." " Do you expeot me to sea into that &U; at onoo ? If you wed Amos, it can neither bo for your best nor my bost." "Giles Mcarloy, I lovo you. Isn't that enough ? Perhaps we shall marry when we aro old enough I am now going homo." '"My business takes me past Barley to Colston." - Thoy walked together dowu tho Acids in a somewhat estranged manner, gloomy Pen- dragon looming behind. Having parted at tho gate of " Price's Farm," Jonie walked in tho home sadly, and Giles strode away on his business to Colston. In an hour's time he had setoff untlred from that town to perform his return journey by the sclf-samo route, By this time tho moon had come out whiter nnd brighter than tho harvest-moom or bun- ter's-moon. Ho reached Barloy a little after ten o'clock. Thero. was Jonie's bed etjambor window faintly lighted as by a glimmering candle. Ho was in such a cheerful mood that probably he would have sorenaded her had not her father to whom he had some antipathy) ap« E cared just thon at a Aeld-gato with an " ale- ouso jack " In his mouth, Giles did not even salute his prospective father-in-law. Agreator friend to Ulm sccined old Pcndragon's bulk rearing conspicuously in front of him again. But, presently, his heart leaped into his mouth when ho beheld what looked Mke tho same couple walking same few hundred yards ahead up tbo fouco side. 'Swiftly nnd silently, as a cat after a bird, ho ran forward and caught Cowling la tbo act of kissing Jonie. Thus takon by surprise, nnd being of In ferior manliness in every respect, Amos was cutiroly at his rival's meray. Tho athletic Giles, scarcely himself in that moment, took him by tho throat and hurled him dowu on the snowy sward, dashing his head against 4ho hard fence. Three minutes hence, Cow ling's blood hod distainedthe snow, and Jonie wti. weeping and prftylngvWith a sufficed' oath, Giles Mcarloy took lcavo of Jonlo Price perhaps for ovor and ever. - CHAPTER n. £100 Howard.— Any porson giving snch in formation as may lead to tho arrest of Giles Mcarloy, who is wanted for tho murder of Amos Cowling of Pndihara, on tho night of December 21th, 1872, will receive tho above- named reward. A. B. TRAVIS, Chief-Constable, Pcndragonford. In Pondragon and other places wcro posted up rough prints and descriptions of Giles Mearly as Inst seen. All Longshiro was bont on hunting bim down, did wp but oxcupt Joanna Price, who would havo given even her own self to savo him. As a matter, of fact Giles still lurked in tho neighbourhood, trying to dccido whether he should givo himself up to tho polieo or allow that dotcstcd body to have tue houour of Adding him. On tho 28th day of December, in perfect disguiso, he entorcd tbo inn at Wlialloy, whoro ho took a soat and listened attentively to a local farmer named Cabrlel Gago expounding (as best ho knew how) tho apparent motlvo Mearly bad in committing tbo recent atrocious orime. All oyos woro fixed on Giles as ho ontcrcd. In his self-ooQBOlousnoss of guilt, bo quaked ; but had not tho power or daring to with draw. " Now, stranger," said Gabriel Gage, Itohing to renarrato that very ohorisbable ovont of lovo and blood, " say, bast thou over heard toll of sofe&rfuladeodduringthy; walkthrough life?" " I have," replied Giles, coolly. "Get away wi' thee, lad," oxolalmcd Gago. 14 1 can assure you mates—" Giles addressed tho eutlro company— " that not every mun who commits a murder is necessarily a hard ened villain. Before the oircnmstancos of tho case transpire and have been proved, ono docs well to allow some discount off tbo stignm that attaches to the missing perpetrator. For why? Well, if any one of you murdered a man, I should not join in ino popular de nunciation until I knew how and why and when you had dono it; for, you see, you might havo dono It merely in the heat of your passion, without malice aforethought." " Curse thoso scholarly tramps," oxolalmcd one. " Doesn't it say in t' Biblo 1 a lifo for a life'?" Tho rest oamo down on Mearley like a swarm of bees, in a torront ot inclemency and abase. But arebuke from Gage. bushed tbem up, and he followed up tbo goodness of somo of the "sohohuly tramp's" remarks thus:— '/ You "aren't far off tho mark, stranger. NoVtbat I would befriend suoh a man as this murderer of Amos Cowling; butl do honestly believe that gentloman-hypocritcs there arc in this world— always propor to look at on a Sunday, be sure— who do, if inquiry could bo made into their dally lives, deservo Q9 groat punisbmont as the murderer of the sort ye naroo. Yet we have a law, a watohword, a scriptural motto, and wo judgo nnd fulfil on tho basis of ' a lifo for a life.' Did not God, blessing Noah and bis sons, 6nv unto tbem : 4 Whoso sheddctb man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed, for in tho image of God roado hp man.' That gets at our modern theories, stranger— ay, it does that. Our law will go on igoorlng all those little tyrannies whioh come out of sorao men as long as they live, and It will go on playing doath with every body who in a passion fatally draws blood. It Is therefore the duty of every passionate man to keep proper oontrol over himself." " God bless you. for your fairnoss," said Giles. " Ho ought to bavo been a judge," observed 44 If he'd been a judgo he'd havo torn t' blaok cap into rags." "What is .that, stranger?" inquired Gage, sharply, as a result of Giles's remark. 44 What I have said I havo said. Beforo I go, there is ono thing I should like to know— which Is, why do you, a far-seeing and dis criminating man, elt hero onoouraging tho gossip which can scarcely do otherwise than blnokon obaraotcr ? " Giles contemplated for a moment. 44 God forbid," thon said he, 44 that I should oommit gossip ot such a naturo anymore But, methinks, as thou art a stranger horo, and peoulinr enough in thy talk for a philo sopher, thou mayst happen to bo or to havo been friendly with Moarley. " Porbaps you may next say lam enough liko him In tno faoo to bo his brother ?" 44 Suro, now, that Is a bit of tby im pertinence." Tbo other mombcrs of the company stared bard at Giles. Perhaps, unless he took better caro of his p's and q's, thoy would begin to trace a likeness about bis features to tbo rough prints posted on walls and hoardings in tho neighbourhood. But he would not decamp and lcavo all that oompany putting heads togotber to arrivo at somo reason for unorthodox views. -When Gabriel Gage called 44 drinks ronnd," Giles profited by this act of generosity along with tno rost. A littlo later, no bcoame more daring than was justifiable 44 My own belief la,' ho said at a venturo, 44 that tbo body 4 identified ' as Gowling's was not Cowling's at &U.;" 44 Tell me, wast tbou on tho jury?" de manded Gago, crabbcdly. 44 1 was not." 44 Then thou art a vory sawny fellow to make suoh a remark." 44 It is tho shape of my convictions. If that body was not cowling's at all, then Giles Mearley is to bo greatly pitied, protected, and compensated. If ho were to step in here now. I should befriend hinj." 44 Thou art a gaunlossfool, man. Victoria's law is to hang tho murderer. Times gono by, murderers had to bo beheaded ; and I . say thoro aro somo murderers who deserve a fifty times slower kind of capital punish ment than either hanging or beheading. Hnnglug, beheading, shootiug, garottlng, guillotining, are all toofast and kind for suoh as premeditate a crime. There's nought like Sonal servitude for tho majority of wrong- aors; but for such an ouonacr as Giles Mearley, I should prcscribo ono hundred lashes with tho 4 cat ' and let him go. No,' I couldn't befriend such a man." 44 Don't talk to mo like that. I could provo that Amos Cowling had every desire to see Mearley doomed to execution. Thoro was a woman in the oaso. If you jury held an inquest ovor Cowling's body, I'll— I'll— ' Ho got no farther. With this unnecessary and somewhat frivolous remark, Giles took bis departure. He wont slowly along the old lane past tho church, turned under tno nroh- way of the abbey, 'and entered its deserted quadrango, to at length sit down on a hassock of liohoued stone, propping his head with up his hands, and pouaorlug over his mis fortune, AH the events of his life whirled past, as when a man is drawing. And ho saw Jonlo in vision. Sho came whimpering to him words of hope lu tho guise of au angel. 44 Come a littlo nearer," ho said, puttiug out his hand- But tho iigm-o was solid— moral ; it was Jonlo hor own self. Gilo's heart fluttered, nud ho arose. Yes, Jonie had indeed corno to meet him at the tryst of the oldou, golden days. " So, dear," said he, 41 you aro como to look at your etoi-ually shamed lover, are you ?" 44 No, uot eternally shamed," her answer came. 44 My owu father was, in trqth, egging Amos on to make au ond of you, and heaven, knows how you woro helped to nip their naughty scheme in the bud." ' "Pray toll mc more," pried Giles excitedly. 44 You remember when, coming down Pond- ragou towards Barley, you 6nw Amos and mo together. Well, the cowardly fellow, having got scout of your approach, lied like a ghost gone mad. Ho had been telling me how thick ho was with father, to whom ho had lent somo money tho day' before. Father then told mo plainly that unless I married' Amos, bothyou and I might expect our deserts. After you loft mo nt our farm gate, Amos camo to tho house, but I slipped out into tho fields, and it wns ray torriblo misfortune to be found there by hfm a scaond time. You I .CftughfMiB?' wfl you JtnoF what jhe result w.-T 44 1 do, Jonio, to my sorrow— although I probably treated Cowling as ho deserved. I killed the man, as probably ho intended to kill me, subtley, some day nnd somowhorc. Ami yet, sweetheart, sometimes 1 can fancy that no is not dead, but living. Bo that as it may, I havo decided to givo myself up to tho polieo.14 44 0, »o, Giles— never I novor!" 44 Thon, 44 camo another volce,whiloa man's figure darted out from ambush, 44 you arc tho man wc want, and I myself take the hundred pounds roward." Giles was thoroupon Burrouadod by a party of three. 44 0, it is ray father !" cried Jonio. 44 Ho has followed rao hero. 0, you wioked, wicked man ; lot him go this minuto— roleaso him !— or it will bo tho worso for you." But Miclmcl Prico delivered Gilos in charge. Thoro was no souilllng, but Price's guffaw of triumph broko tho silenco of that saorcd ground. Giles's words woro fow. 44 My play is played out," said ho. 44 Pray draw it mildly, men. I go without anothor word." CHAPTER III. To make n long story short, Gilos MoArley wns tried at tho Pcndragonford Assizos, found guilty of murder, and aondomned to death. In durance vile ho found abundant timo to ruminate upon his past life, and Jonio's lovo that should have been its orown. Ouo groat comfort to him was that coneoicnco's soft, still, small voico reminding him that bo had novor had any intontion of doing mora to Cowling than punishing him. Jonio's visits wcro always something to look forward to, as also wero tho pealing church boils on Sun days, reminders of innocent ohildhood's happy Sabbaths, and of life's bcatiflo prospect. To somo prisoner's, in tho height of - their pessimism, these bell-peals would havo had a mullled sound. Not so to Gilca, who had a oonsclcnco cleared by prayer and faith, a loving eyo to tho. world ho could no longer see, and a permanent grudge against nobody. On tho day before thoono appointed for tho execution, Jonio camo to soo her lover for the last timo. 44 Don't cry, Jonio," ho said. 44 It will avail neither of us anything. Soo, see, tho warder stands at tho door looking on, and he seems to bo begrudging you this visit. Per haps ho is afraid my murderer's blood may rise up again." 44 But can't you really csoape, Giles?" 44 Love, how can I, oven if ho were not there ? I will gladly stand my ground to the last, and thcroforo I am ohained to this aell by tbo invisible chain of my own resolution. I would that I oould give yoa-thc heart out of my body, rather than allow it to booome dead with mc in ray grave, for it would toll overy- body who looked that it had novor boon a murderer's heart. It would present a pioture of love, ot obedionco to the laws of tho realm, to tho will of God, and of peaoo and goodwill to all men." 44 Them's only his f&noy; words, miss," re marked tho glum warder at tho door. Jonio hoard bim not. " / " Giles, can nothing bo dono ?" she faintly implored. 41 Nothiog, lovo, cxcopt that I con lose my earthly life, and gain another perhaps better. Be content, Jonie, that yon snail never lose my love. Now you may kiss mo for onoe and for all." 44 A kiBs may seem to some but a poor last present from a lriond so dear to me as yoar- 6lf- And yet, dear Giles, it oannot bo a mere trifle, seeing It is tho only thing you are abe to bostow." ,7 < " luu "uiuut vuvu auranceu, tall with red-tapelsra. "Thno's up, and past," bo remarked. And as Jonie couldjnot tear herself away from Giles, tho glam fellow led her forth bv force. Sho was followed by tho obaplain, who camo to resign tho murderer to bis fate, elicit his full confession, and tc&oh; bim how to dio. - The morrow dawned hazy, damp; and oold. A great morbid orowd was murmuring la'the streot, and would not be dispersed until: tho blaok flag bad been run up from the towpr at eight o'olook. Then everybody, knowing tbat Giles Mearloy had expiated his crime, would ruovo homewards ' to gossip over his case around tho breakfast table. In a few days, after tho press bad Anished publishing Its seosational tonio, he would be forgotten, and tlio world would go on as before. . » Giles was led to the scaffold: Ho monoted it with a Arm tread, and was immediately pinioucd. The chaplain said something to whioh ho responded, 44 Oh God, receive my spirit I" Eight o'olook struck. Marwood stepped towards tho lover. 44 Hold i" Thero was a panic of motionlessncss. Then came hurried whisperings. Everybody pre sent was disquieted, and seemed terribly agkntcd. Giles, who had not fainted, was oonsoiousof everything. Bcforemanyminutes bad elapsed bo was some feet away from the stage thnt oovored tho pit of death, and; the blaok flag was not run up its staff on that day. When he oalled for a drink they gave bim brandy. A cynosure for nil eyes, as though some latent heroism had been perceived at last, many of the officials present cried 44 Poor fellow, poor follow !" and Giles foresaw him self acquitted and once moro a free man. Tbo life-saving message had arrived only jnst in time. ' ' As from the dead Amos Cowling had re turned. Ho had been running, running, running, for many miles, and fallen at last in a dead faint on the gaol steps. With a second of time to spare, he had como to savo his old enemy and rival from meotincr a murderer's doom. Surolr the, wild conceptions of the " penny dreadful" maker had been realised in real life at last. It afterwards transpired that tho body found was that of a poor tramp's, by name Eli Gale, who had died from want and exposure within sixty yards of the spot where the Mearloy- Oowliag encounter took place, and some two or three days beforo Mearley had been ohargo- ablo with horaloldo. At tho coroner's inquest this piece of wrong indontity wnsmiraouiouelj established by Miohaol Prioo for reasons of his own, Cowling himself being, comparatively speaking a stranger in Pndihara, without relntives or friends in this country. Then whore had Oowllng been all this time ? It need onlyl(bo said that ho, with his cowardly vindictlvenoss and hatred of Giles, had de termined that he should pass through all tho worst stages that justice could impose, save tho last ono— death. Tho judge, there- fore, urged that ho was a coward, a felon, a plaguo to humanity, aud nn expense to Her Majesty's opurft of Justice. Giles humbly besought tho judge for Cowling's sake, point ing to tho signs of his deep contrition, and pleading that ho had saved a lifo from the un- lliuehiug scaffold whon perhaps nobody else could havo dono so. This argument, how ever did not alter tho judgo's deoislon, or mitlgato tho sentence that committed Cowling to hnrd labor. In a similar' manner was Jonio's own father dealt with forperjury,. Tbo Home Seerotary begged Giles's pardon in tho namo of tho Queen. It is said that ho also got a handsome reward from tho State. In ctiMion, it should bo recorded that tho good old Gabriel Gagd S®nt Giles a cheque for £100; and that later on, after marrying Joiiis without her father's consent, ho wont into farming with her, a departure in whioh they prospered famously. 