TRESSILIAN COURT. CHAPTER XXVI. (continued). By MRS. HARRIET LEWIS, Author of “ Her double Life," etc. Her attire was sufficiently picturesque, consisting of a bright blue skirt and a scarlet bodice, laced with gold cord down both front and back. fr* a dol| day,. Jacopo, she observed. Ifo customers for the last hoar. We shall have '''fib idore to day, I think, for the hobrisgetting late. We-havc not doneJbodly, Giaditta, re* torned the scrivener, smiling. Let as do mo Weir every day, and we shall be rich people.'. Bat, as you say,-the tide of travel is spent for today. A few of the neigh* taring country. people will drop in this _ evening, as usual, bat that will be-all we can obbiit upon. la it not time for you to bear from your kloswbman, the Signora Vibipil inquired : It is long since yon have heard, ’ yed,Jt is ted days or more. The letter was written by ft young English lady in Teresa's/dame. That I know, although (he young lady' never saw me, and did not mention in the letter who acted as ecriveder. Bat you have aeon her, Jacopo % Yeti once. She.was a beabtiful young ladyi 'but she couldn’t'compare with you, my Giaditta, declared the flatterer. Her oamewas Ry triple; I think. She was a miladi; •' And. rich,; no doubt, said ’Giaditta, TheseTngleee are always rich. It is odd, 1* it not; that Teresa Yioiui-does not I write ?' Perhajis the loglese is dead. Paleatro's face turned yellow. Impossible 1 ho ejaculated hastily. He could nbt die and cheat mo of my income. Oh, do. "■ If not dead, perhaps this miladi’s father or guardian has taken charge of him; Giuditta. They may even be goldg J to V femova him to England. ' again ejaculated Pales* fcro, with; more of a bilious cast of pom> ple'xiod tban before* Thisiv'sileti’ce/is certainly strange.- I wish/'this rarb .bird of ours, this go|den in our keeping, said GiudHta, wit# : a restless glitter of her bead like tic To tell you the truth, Jacopo, l am easy lest' something should occur to Arrest onrjprifce from us. Bail we Cotild not keep him. here, with people coming and going, said the scrivener uneasily. We have many loglese stoppiog forwine and fruits, and' often "to spend days and weeks, because 1 we ask less and give better acoombda* tions than the' great hotels"of Naples. The Tngleso might be seen—?might bo re*- cognised-r- ‘ Trap ; ,and then we should Ipse him, and par income with him, , Butt, I don’t feel safe with bitn in Sicily. He should be nearer us, hidden safely somewhere among the:m'6uotains. I kuow- a eafe retreat-for idmT ' With the Red Oarvelli ? , Giudittft looked about her sharply. Husb l sbe-whispered, Do not speak hamp hero. J^fo one knows that J am friendly with my/brbthor, the' Red Can yelll.V" People think I have disowned him for hir crimes, And they think he never pomes here. Ah, ha. If they knew--if tboy.koew. I '' •/'.'■ j v-Yos, Jfthey knew, echoed; Palestro; grimly.' There 4 # many a ; golden coin , flowb into our money box from (he lianas of /the Bpd. .Garyolii. And no pno bus* ptabs that : we give him infbrmatipn/of travellarsr4 J Hoah J .Ob, hash l oried.QlUditta. The very trees might whisper the secret, But pboot this idiot loglese,. you shrill go to \- JldW can lX HpVwpS ros- Oftlly brother lo the, tiandebf : tbje yipinis. Terese woa't ftiyo/bijh up.'; She 'likes him arid gets pay 'for takipg care of him. Then steal him away*, said Gioditta. Our treasure is not safe , there. /He/;may be seek Hsi may wander bway,> v Some one may/, take pity,,on him. Hri ; masfc he broaght here, ; .yon could' hire s vessel of ■ abme sort, and'steal the nnfprtrinate os he : wanders dh; the «ooks, T< resa /and Tomaso wlll think him drowned. 1 /tyilj (orhim, {• Palestro, feeling secretly uneasy lest ■ the safety and obscurity, of -his. prize wore |,endangered, announced his readiness to ; go to Sicily and abduct Tressilian from his ( protectors- Then -followed.- an animated ' discussion between the pair- In -the midst of it.a voiture was seen approaching at a good rate of speed. , It’s coming hero, said Giuditta, regard* I ing it narrowly. Some tourist who wants •to lodge cheaply whilo soeing the sights of Naples, and exploring volcano. Some .artist to paint the Bay • some person to visit tho ruijns of Pompeii—-- Her speculations were oat short by the near proximity of the voiture. It drove up : to the outer edge of the lawn, and .came to a halt. The driver sprang down, and opened tho door. Seeing that a lady was Within, Giuditta came forward according to bar usual habit with smiles of welcome. As became an inn proprietor,- Palescrq also advaseed With a bland and hospital countenance. As the reader knows, the new comers were Olla, Gay Tressilian, and the faith ful Popleys- Jim Pppley sprang out first—he had sat inside, at the request of his young gave his hand to Miss Rymple. The young girl jumped oat lightly. Mrs Popley followed. Last of all came Tressilian. / ( ; At sight of him Palestro uttered an ex clamation of consternation. He knew the /young map at once, and fearful of betraying his wonder and. amazement at bis appearance, the scrivener fled into the house. ‘ Giuditta marked bis disappearance with a frown, but escorted the new ar% Yivols into the ~inn, to a quiet parlor re served for ladies. We shall want rooms, Signora, for tho night, said Olla, with an air of quiet dig* nity. We have come to your inn for the sake of quietude, and shall resume our journey to-morrow. ; Yes, mil ad i, said Giuditta obsequiously, { notings that' although the travellers had little luggage their appearance declared that the young lady was wealthy and aristocratic. Guy’s appearance puzzled her. a little as be fixed hia great, blue melancholy eyes upon her,' ba* she concluded that he bad been ill; that be was either the lover or the brother of the beautiful young lady, and that the Popley’s were their ser vants. ! We shall want three or four rooms on the same floor, said Olla, ia her prompt, decisive: way. A sitting room and two of three bedrooms. My maid, and she indicated Mrs Popley, -will share my room. I Yes, miladi, said Giuditta, volubly. I ha\ethe very rooms you want. As neat a sitting room as you would find at the hotel Crocelli, if I do say it, and nice beds nrith clean linen freshly made up- The rooms are ready, Signorina- Shall I show ypa to them 9 Olla assented, and Giuditta conducted tue new corners up a flight of stairs to (he second floor, and ushered them into the suite of rooms she bad mentioned ? Like the apartments in most hotels on' the Continent, whether of greater or lesser pretensions, these rooms all com mounicoted-with each other. 'They wore really neat and clean, and the sitting room was cheerful and pleasant. Its windows looked upon the lawn with its tables and chairs, and commanded a view of the road. ■ Olla expressed her approbation of the .apartments,'and .ordered a supeer to be served in the sitting-room as soon as possible. I The sea-air gives one an appetite, she nftid, laying off her hat and sacque, as j Popley conducted Tressilian to the further room of the suite, j The Signorina has come a sea voyage tfyen 1 questioned the shrewd Giuditta. Yes, was the brief response. My son vants will take their sapper below,Signora, i while I and my friend are having .ours j up here. Bring a bottle of Lacbrima .j Ohristi. That, ia alt I think. I ; She dismissed her boteaa with courteous j little hod, and.Giuditta taking the bint withdrew. ■ Not until she was down stairs /and in her kitchen did/she remember that she had not inquired the names of hersingls alar guests. 1 ! I will do so when I tike up the supper, 1 she mattered. I wbndor if they will uot | stay longer than to-morrow. Con they not want to see Vesuvius, Pompeii, nor j anything of interest about Naples 1 Bah, VVhab pigs these Inglese. They rush through a country, and say then that they have travelled. She wants Laobrima Obrlsi, does she 9 Then she has money, I ] wonder now what route they will take when they leave*Nnplos 9 There was a speculative light in. her eyes of she kindled tbe.coals in her.brazier, set about the preparation of the ordered supper. -- ■: jWhere.oan jqqofptfbe j she said discon tentedly, a iew j .minutes letter. The wretch — ’ V-- . - ’Here he ie my Giuditta 9 exclaimed the scrivener, emerging, from a pantry near at hand. Tell me; have the strangers gone up to their rooms 9 .Aye, they Giuditta crossly, Have you eyer robbed, them, that you run at sight of them 9 No ; but listen, Giuditta. That young i lady with the air of a young princess, is the Sigopriria I told you of—the Signov ripo Rymple. IGiuditta started back in astonishmen t, -, tls it possible 9 she whispered. iYesf.and the Tngleee, the young gentleman with eyes like the ,bice of our own Italian skies and bhe.hair of gold,who do you think ha may be ,9 He is our ; gojden goose, Giodibtai Ho is the Signore Lowdair, on those ocoqunt I got my flue inpome. They must have lured him away from Teresa. Giuditta sat down in' a broatbeloss amazement. Can it be 9 she whispered/ W-by, wo had only to wish him here, and behold he comes. The In Tleaioa says they mast go on in the morning. fWe shall have something to say about that,asserted Palestro,with a look of dark determination. Pate has sent this poor ■Injglese intof my bands, I shall, be a fool toflot him go, Mark mo, Giuditta The Inglese Signore does not quit my keeping from this hour. I shall separate him from thp Signorina, Henceforth he. shalf know m6 as his guardian .and master.. ■Giuditta assented with sparkling eyes, and the two began to plot in whispers while.tho woman worke* : CHAPTER XXVII. • ’•Miss Eymplo sat with Guy Tressilian iniher small up-stairs parlori-fri tbo; Vesu vius Inn. The door was open, and the sWeeVbreath of the twilight came steal ing in to them* The door opened, and G fuditta Palestro made her appearance, bringing a couple of wai lights, She de posited these on the mantelpiece, closed thp wiudows, and .withdrew* / JPtesently she - rUtarnod, bridging a; table-olpth'arid dishes, Sho uncovered the central table, and proceeded to drape ftlwith the snowy olotbj and, to lay upon . it [her dishes. By the time this task was completed, Palestro anaouoctd bis preV ,8ence at the door with the tray of food, Giuditu received it at his hands and’ placed it upon the table. The repast was very inviting,consisting of a fine fat capon,with vegetables, coffee, fruits, wine and confitures. ■’ MUadi’s.servants are already at their supper, said Giuditta. And miladi’a sup per is ready, Olla and Tressilian took 'their places at the table. Giadita waited upon then .with assiduity. The meal' progressed in I almost total silence, \- -After-a little, Olla’s thoughts turned ‘ upon the resumption of her journey. She | was anxious to increase the distance boS* .ween herself and her treacherous guardian : —anuidus to get to EugWad, where she hoped to find friends, before Mr Gower could recapture her. Have you a Bradshaw ? she inquired of her hotess ; or a Baedeker’s guide,or a Murray ? ;• No, miladi, returned Giuditta. But I can tell you as wall as and guide-book on what days the vessels leave, and the hoars of the trains. Which way does t he Signorina wish to, go 1 When'does the steamer leave for Mar seilles ?, The steamers .of tho Two Sicilies line go eyery Saturday at three in the after> noon, Signornia, and every Tuesday at about dusk in the evening. The Mes sageries Imperials steamer goes every Tuesday at fonr. - And this is Thursday, said.Olla. I can not wait'until Saturday, Signora* l am impatient to reach England* I will go train. The train leaves Naples for Rome at half-past ten in the morning, said Giudtta* I will have to go by that train. Please have a voiture ot the inn in time to take us to the depot. | Ic shall be done, Signorina, ] Her departure from Naples thus or* .ranged 011a lapsed again into silionoe. The meal was concluded, and Giuditta cleared the table restoring the room to its former appoeranoo. Tnen, bearing the tray, she went down to tho kitchen. On the stairs she passed the Popleys on their way back to Miss Rymple’s sitting* room* Going into the kitchen, she found Palostrojhis face flushed a pleased excite ments. Well ! he said, closing the door behind her* * I found out little or nothing, answered Giuditta discontentedly, setting down her harden. Of coarse the Signorina would say. much to me, and of course sbe cpuldn’t talk to an idiot or imbecile, or whatever the gentleman upstairs calls himself. All I found out was that she is in great haste to go on to England. She has ordered a carriage to take her to the railway atotion in time for the 10.30 train. . And that is all you discovered ? , Every word. Did yon find oat any thing? Yea, and most important information, said Palesbro* As we agreed, I waited upon the Signorina’s servants at their supper. And as we agreed, I pretended nbt to know, a word of English. As they have the least smattering of Italian, we got along very well. ’ They were anxious, both of them, and troubled and ’uneasy. They talked to each other of their private bbsiness in their own tongne, and of their ybung mutress, believing that’I could not understand a word they said. “ ,Ah! breathed Giuditta, her heavy face lighting up. What did they say ? ’ I cannot give you their exact words, replied Palesbro, for,_there were many exclamations,and speculations, from which l|was obliged to extract the grain of in* formation. But the substance of what they said was this ; the Signorina' up stairs has fled from her guardian, one Sjgaor Gower, a rich milord, who wants to marry her. The Signorina hates him, and is flying to England, where she hopes to find friends to protect her* And she is taking the imbecile Inglese with her, out of pity and kindness. What think yon 1 Tomaso Vicini is dead 1 And his widow goes to her kindred at Catania, And this poor Inglese is oast loose on the world. What a lucky chance it was that sent him to as, murmured Giuditta, her eyes gleaming. Aye, indeed. And what a lucky chance sent tho Signorina to as I The Signore Gower will pay a great ransom for her. This fine couple will make our fortune for up, Giuditta* Where is your halfswifc brother ? Ho has not yet returned from Naples But the Red Carvellt is coming to-night on bis usual weekly visit, and we will arrange the affair with him* It will go hard if we cannot^ enrich ourselves oat of this runaway Signorina and tho imbecile Inglese. We most manage the matter cleverly. No violence, no trouble of any sort. Tho reputation of tho Vesuvius Inn moat not be compromised. The plotting couple having reached this decision, Giuditta proceeded to put bor kitchen is order. By tho time this task wfs accomplished, a few neighbors, far mere, yine»dressers and ordinary laborers, dropped into the inn," and called for wino j according toi their usual evening custom. They remained an hour or tw.o, but by eleven, o’clock they had all departed, and Giuditta and her husband were left alone. s The scrivener strolled oat of doors and glpncediap at Miss Byropie’s sitting-room windows. No light gleamed from them. He walked around the inn, but the lights were all out in the upper rooms, The gneats bad retired to their beds, Tree* silian and Popley occupying a_ double’ bedded room in the rear of the suite, and Gila and Mrs Popley occupying a similarly furnished apartment adjoining the parlor. .Muttering bis satisfaction, Palostio returned (o tho kitchen, closed his shatters, and slit doWh with Giuditta, an expectant look ob his face* They bad ; waited thus about half an hour when a step was hoard on the beaten path approaching the kitoben door. Palestro started. I It is only Giacomo, home from the city, said Giuditta* A minute later a stumbling noise was heard at the threshold* Giuditta arose to opbn the door, and gave admittance to her younger brother, ho whom the sorivonor had colled tho half-wit. He was a shook headed, broad-chested lad, of brief stature for his years, which must have been about sixteen. Ho bad d swarthy complexion, a pair of small, black, eyes, full of cunning, a wide mbulh that moved incossantly in a gib bering smile, .and a shuffling gait. Ho passed in tho neighborhood as a ball-wit, but giuditta olonOknow bow.much of bis apparent itnbooiilty. was real, and how much was: assumed for a purpose* Ho sbufllod into the kitchen and do positod upon (ho table .several parcels, thp fruits of his marketing In Naples. Ho lossed'a few. coins jnto his sistor'e jap, the : remnant of the'money, that bad boon in trusted to biffli dtfd-inqaired if .thore wore any guests in the house* . , ' Two, with two servants,-replied Qiu- I ditto. Be.oarefal. when you go up to your room, Giacomo, fcbat you do not waken them. The Ud lingered to make a few further inquiries conporniug the guests, and then, yawning, wont up stairs to his own room: Again silence enshrouded the pictures' que inn. It was unbroken for the next half hour. Tne Palermo scrivener was busy with his plottings, as was also Giuditta. , At about midnight the woman arose and ■ brought out from the pantry a supply of cold meats, wines, and bread, which she spread upon the kitchen table. She was about to resume her seat, when the sound of horses’ hoofs penetrated to her hearing. Some one was approaching the inn from a north-easterly direction. Giuditta opened the door and looked out. The next instant a horseman rode around to the rear of the inn, turned his horse into the stable and approached the house, Giuditta admitted him into the kitchen, locking the door after bis cn> j trance. It is the Red Oirvelli r; .said- Palestro, j arising and offering the stranger his band. I The new-comer returned the greeting with interest. He was indeed the famous brigand chief known as the Red Oarvelli. For years he and his well-trained band had in fested the roads leading from the city of Naples to the mountainous interior. Some' where in the vicinity of the Monte del Matese he bad a safe retreat, supposed to to be impregnable. Here, with a band of some twenty desperate and hardened ruffians, he lay hidden like a tiger in bis jungle, coming forth from bis concealment only to plunder and destroy. He had a terrible reputation, which he had well earned. Ho was bold, fierce and despotic, His band idolized him because he had enriched every member of it, and because he had never led them to a fruitless attack. He was known to the community at largo ns a terror and a scourge. Many an English or American traveller,, while visiting Vesuvius and Pompeii, had boon captured by him, for he delighted in just such bold exploits. More than once ho had taken captive some unfortunate still nearer the city of Naples, and borne him away to his re treat, holding him there for ransom. Troops had been sent out repeatedly, with orders to capture the bold outlaw, dead or alive- A price had been pub upon his head- And just now public feeling was strongly excited against him, in consequence of a recent exploit of his, and the reward offered for his capture had ; been doubled- Only a fortnight previous to Olla’s ar« | rival at the Vesuvius Inn, the Red'Car velli had captured a party of three Englishmen, who had chosen to make a journey to horseback to Foggia. One of these ho had set free to collect a ransom for the others, and this ransom had been fixed at a preposterously high figure. The released Englishman was to bring bbo ransom money to a certain lonely spot near the Monte del Matese, and was to come alone. In the event of his non-re turn, the two prisoners were threatened with death. The Englishman thus set free had made his way to Naples, and told bis story. Unable to collect the amount fixed as ransom, he had made an appeal to the government, and a body of troops bad been seat with him to effect the release of the prisoners. In some way-the Red Carvelli bad informed himself of this movement agains 1- him. No doubt his sister Giuditta had privately warned him, Therefore, when the troops arrived at the place appointed as a rendezvous between the brigand chief and his former prisoner, they found only one of the English cap tives, bound hand and foot,more dead than alive, and with bis ears cropped off close to his bead. All the exertions of the troops availed nothing, in the search for the other cap tive, or the haunt of the terrible brigand. They returned reluctantly to Naples, where their story excited the utmost hor ror and indignation, and now preparations were making' for a more rigorous search for the Red Oarveli. Such was the character and reputation of this ruthless scourge. In appearance he was decidedly formid able. Tall above the ordinary height of men, broad of chest and brawny of limb, with great, powerful arms, and a sinister hairy visoge, out of which a pair of small, shrewd eyes gleamed, ho would have been marked at once by an observing person a« a being with no moral sense, but with overpowering and fearful passions, which he permitted to sway his life. He was dressed in simple peasant garb, which .sat upon him like a dis guise. Well, what’s the news ? bo demanded, shaking hands with Paleatro and Giuditta, and looking about the room with restless, peering eyes. Hush. Do not speak so loud, said Giuditta, warningly. Somo spy might be I lurking about They have doubled their j reward for your head* Ah, have they? asked the Rod Oar velli, smiling. They begin to rate me highly. But I “know of this, Giuditta. One of my spies brought me the nows throe days since. You have heard nothing since then 1 You do not know that they are collecting troops to search for you ? Let them search 1 said the brigand grimly. They, wontt find mo. They do not know with whom they, have to . don) He sat down at the table, coolly proceeding to eat a hearty supper. Giuditta hovered about him, waiting upon him. Is there any game for me ? asked the Rod Oarvelli, tossing off a glassful of wine. Anything in my lino ? I have the very thing for you, returned Giuditta, in a half whisper. Wo have guests up stairs—two Ingleso, with their servants. Rich ? One of them is Jacopo’s imbecile Ingloao—the one wo told you of. Bo is your game. The other is a rich Sigoorina Ingloso, who has run away from her guars dian, who “will pay a big ransom for her. I will agree to throw the two, with tlioir* servants, into your hands, bqt you must not molest the imbecile, and you must sharp equally with .us the Signorina’s ransom. Agreed: Bub how will you throw the party into my Hands? I will arrange that, said Giuditta, with , a lofty air, I will promise you that the Signbrina and the others shall start for Ohieti to morrow at half past ton. Imvo it, to'.mo to manage it- And somewhere between here and Ohieti you can pounce upon her and take her captive, I Will be bn hand, saidf the Red Oar velli, in a tone tof deadly significance. [Will ic be safe to convey the four to bbo retreat? 1 ’ 'Perfectly. I defy all tho troops In Italy. Unless, one of our own men wore to play the traitor, the soldiers will never, unearth us, And in ooso of necessity wo have another resort- Have no fears, Giuditta. You., had better have Lipari drive; the party. He is one of us, yqu j know, and plays well into our hands. I The three discussed their plan at length. Giuditt-i did not disclose by what method she should persuade Olla to change her route, but she' was convinced that she could easily do so. She obtained the brigand’s promise that Tressilian should not bo harmed but treated kindly. Once safe with u's, said the Red Oar velli, you had better leave the imbecile with us. And Jacopo, you would do well to take n trip to England and compel your milord Sir Treeolino to pay you even better. Ho is a sponge for you to squeeze, you know. I shan’t interfere with your game. Palestro promised to consider the idea. ; At- the end of an hour, the brigand chief arose to take his departure. Giaditt reiterated her assurance that the travellers should set out for Ohieti at the hour she had indicated, and the Red Oarvelli again said that he would be on hand to take the travellers captive. He then stole out, se cured his horse, mounted, and rode silently away in the direction he had come. The Palestros, well pleased, retired to their couch. And upstairs in their separate chambers, Olla Rytnplo and Guy Tressilian slept as soundly and as sweetly as if them were no such thing in existence as banditti, and as if the happiness, the whole future, the life even, of the two were not terribly menaced. CHAPTER XXVIII. The journey of Jasper Lowder to Glou cester, a half hoar or so after his parting with his wronged young wife in the shadow of Tressilian Park, was anything bat a pleasant one. The knowledge that he had been convicted of treachery and falsehood before Sir Arthur Tressilian, whoso good opinion he had striven night and day to gain and keep, thrilled him with a sense of danger. Now that the high toned, noble scaled baronet, who scorned everything savoring of trickery and falsehood, knew him con victed of both, might he not suspect his pretended son of further capability of wrong doing? Might he not, in the interests of his pore young ward, study him closely, and oven detect that, under Lowder’s ease and amiability, a terrible secret lay hid? And, suspecting the existence of a secret, might ho not soon detect its import ? Ho is very keen, said Lowdor, shifting uneasily in his saddle, and urging on bis thoroughbred to a sharper paco.Unsuspect ing as a child where ho has reason to ex pect honor and goodness, ho will be as' terrible as an avenging Fate when once he knows his strust misplaced, his confidence forfeited. I can see that he is dissatisfied with me. My secrecy about the ex* istence of Hester tells against me. , But who would have thought rho girl would have turned way ? Why did she not accept the letter I s-.-nt her from Mar seilles, and devote her energies to the support of herself and child ? I never fore* saw this predicament. Curse the woman, and he grated his teeth savagely. Ho struck his horse smartly with his small whip, and the spirited animal bounded away, snorting with rage and terror. Lowder took a savage pleasure in wreaking his snger upon the noble animal, and continued to beat and spur him un til the horse, wet and tired, had ceased his frantic rebellion, and submitted sullenly to the strong and cruel hand tear ing bard at his tender mouth. Just so will I subdue circumstances should they turn against me, muttered Lowder. There is nothing like a strong hand sod a merciless will. I will conquer Heater through her blind love for me, or by brute force. She must not be allowed to come between me and my fortune. As to Sir Arthur,his distrust of my honor aod worthiness can amount to nothing. I have covered ray tracks too well for any thing to be discovered. All I have to fear is that Sir Arthur miy not doom his son gold enough for Blanche, and forbid the marriage, I must dispose of Hester, and hurry up my, union with Blanche. Of course no ghost from my dead past has power to conquer my love for, or prevent my marriege to Blanche Irby. Ho sot bis teeth together g imly, and rode on, entering the town of Gloucester, and proceeding directly to the Crown Hotel, Here ho dismounted, ordering his horse to bo cared for, and inquired for the number of Mrs Hester Lowder’s apart ment. The number being given him, and declining any guide orjannouncemont of his presence Lowhr went up stairs, walk ing slowly along tho halls in search of Hester’s room. As his success was not immediate ho was obliged to appeal to a trim-looking chambermaid, who guided him up to the third floor and indicated the door at which ho was to knock. Lowdor bestowed a liberal gratuity upon tho woman, waited until she had descended to tho lower hall, and then knocked loudly upon the door of his wife’s room. A low, swoot, tremulous voice hado]him enter. Ho opened the door and went in. Tho room into which ho thus usherod himself was a small private sittingiroom with a bedroom adjoining. It was simple and oomfortabto in its appointment*, its sole luxury being a fire. j Bub, simple and plain as it was, it hold that which would have brightened the humblest hut, or dignified the loftiest palace— picture for which a rich and lonely old man might have bartered his bags of gold and counted himself the winner. This picture comprehended only a little group before tho fire, a young and girlish mother, her face glowing with light and love and a bright, laughing boy on her knee. The two wore Hester Lowder and her baby son. Tho wronged young wife had returned to bor rooms at the hotel, charged her mourning garb for a dress of pole blue merino, which Lowdor had formerly ad mired, and wound a blue ribbon in her hair. With bor black garments ebo bad discarded her haggard looks. Sho was still anxious and troubled, believing her husband to bo subject to fits' of insanity, but only hor groat joy and relief wore apparent in hor countenance* As sho bent over her frolicsome boy, tho simple goodness of her gentle, trust ing nature gave to hor features n look which far transcended more beauty of 'form and coloring. It was tho beauty of an honest, loving, tender soul, Lowdor,unsoon and unnoticed, regarded tho pair a moment in silence, then turned the key in tho look* The rasping sound aroused the young mother. She looked up with a start, gave a little shriek of joy, caught up hor ohild in hor arms, and sprang touard Lowdor, all bright and glowing, Is it you ? Is it really you ? sho breathed. So soon, too? I hoard your knock and thought it was tho chamber* maid. You wore impatient to follow me? Oh, ray darling ! My husband 1 She hid hor head against his breast, . Lowdor put hia arm around her waist, and pressedi his lips coldly to bor foro -head. There was such an utter lack of love or enthusiasm in his caress and man ner that the' heart of tho poor young wife was chilled, ; Arc you not glad to see mo, Jasper ! sbo asked) with n faint mockery of'a smile, and a piteous look of entreaty. Don’t be foolish, Hester, returned Lowder coldly, A woman of your age— you are one and twenty, are you not 1 — ought to have outgrown these childish follies of wanting to be kissed and potted. Such things do very well for the honey moon, but life is too serious to indulge in them after that spoony period. The poor wife’s lip quivered. The glow faded from her face ; and she shivered ns if she had been struck by a blow. Eat I—I haven’t seen you for so long, darling, she said pleadingly. I thought you wore dead, and 1 have mourned for you so, Jasper. The light was all stricken oat of my life. And now I am so glad and happy, ray soul fairly bubbles over in its joy. Of course, said Lowder. But you must bo sensible. If there’s anything I hate it’s a puling, sickly, sentimental woman. The young wife’s lip trembled piteously. She remembered when her husband had not only liked her caresses, but had re turned them. And now, in the very hour of their meeting after a separation that might have endured till eternity— and he bad meant should so endure —her kisses were distasteful, even repugnant, to him. No wonder her affectionate heart sank in her bosom- I love you as well as ever, declared Lowder, but men cannot go on kissing and talking love forever. There are things of greater moment in their lives than even love, strange as the fact must seem to you. His sneering tone jarred on the young wife's sensitive soul. She gently with drew herself from his arm, which was still folded about her, and stood apart with her boy clasped to her bosom. He is trad ! she thought, with a vague terror. Yes, ho is in one of his fits of aberration. Bat he does not look as if he could be violent. Forcing a quivering smile, she said : Jasper, you haven’t said a word to our boy. Is ho not a little beauty ? Lowder turned his glances on his son. The child bad boea born during the happy period when the young wedded pair had lived in apartments at Munich. He was scarcely throe months old when tho parents separated to better earn a living —tho father to teach English and to ac company Guy Tressilian on his extended tour, and the mother to re-ongage as governess. The boy had been intrusted to a German peasant woman, from whoso care his mother had withdrawn him, bringing him with her to England. Having seen so little of his boy.Lowder had almost forgotten his existence. He had regarded the child as an expense and incumbrance. Tho instinct of paternal love bad never been aroused within ’ him. He hated children in general ; and his own, daring the first few weeks of its existence, had seemed to him an ugly, ill natured, crying caricature of himself, and tho sight of it had been obnoxious to him. The careless glance he now bestowed upon his son was full of indifference. But fhe little fellow, fat, merry and good □ atured, with a fair face, a dimpled chin, a rougish smile and big, astonished blue eyes, cooed softly, and hold up his bare white arras to his father. Lowder took tho child from Hester’s arms, and bore him to the window. Hester followed with secret anxiety. Standing up by the window, where th'- dull light of the December day fell upo i the face of tho child, Lowder regarded his son intently. Tho boy continued to coo to him, and ho plunged his little fat fingers into his father’s moustache, utter ing an ecstatic cry. It might have been the touch of the tiny fingers ; it might have been the trusting baby smile ; it might have been the bold, fearless glance of the blue, in, nocenteyes —but whatever it was, some thing touched Lowder’s heart, arousing him with tho father’s instinct lie pressed the boy to his bosom, kis sing the innocent brows and tho littl<* head covered with tawny down of the same shade as his own hair. (to »k continued.) 