OUR LETTER BOX. THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. TO THE EDITOR. Sm,-Public attention having been called by the Rev. Mr. Parkes to the letter of " Athanasian," I may, without impropriety, notice it also. I am indeed pleased to learn that my brief explanations of Catholic Doctrine have done something to effect a better under standing on these matters between Protestants and Catholics. Controversy however learned, convinces very few, whereas a little plain exposition of certain points, results in mutual agree ment. But nothing ex pt increased bitterness can result from the revival of the old and exploded method of abuse unfortunately indulged in by the Rev. Mr. Parkes in his criticism of " Athanasian." Such phrases as "'accretions of error," " worshiping images," blasphemous fables," "vain deceits," etc., are no longer used con cerning Catholics by well-educated Protestants. Mfuch less are such terms used by enlightened clergymen, such as for instance the Rev. Canon Potter, but remain the sole property and stock-in trade of a type happily fast becoming extinct. There are many like "Athan asian", who -without any intention what ever of abandoning their own Church, are yet delighted to find they can agree with Catholics on subjects of hitherto supposed difference. Truth and tolera tion is doing much to clear away old falsehoods and misunderstandings. This is specially evident in England where scholars like Lord Halifax and Mr. Gladstone, with many thousand others, seeing how narrow is the line that divides them from the Catholic Church are striving their utmost for Re-union. It is indeed the desire of all good men to encourage this spirit of union and charity, and to treat all points of difference between Catholics and Pro testants with great gentleness and moderation, carefully avoiding such phrases as "accretion of error," " blasphemous fables," " vain deceits," etc. Now that the Rev. W. Parkes has drawn attention to the Protestant Prayer Book, it may be useful to' "turn it over," not, indeed, for the purpose of abuse. but, to discover other subjects of agreement upon which Catholics and Protestants are popularlylsnpposed to differ. I venture to predict that a charitable and kindly study of the Book of Common Prayer will enable "Athanasian," and his friends still more clearly " to see that the Church of England is not so far away from the Roman belief as many, if not most, imagine." As examples, let us take the following half dozen points, upon which Catholics and Protestants are supposed to differ. 1\. In the beginning of the Book of Common Prayer is "A table of the Vigils, Fasts and Days of Abstinence, TO BE OBSERVED in the year." Now this table is almost identical with that in the Catholic Prayer Book. Pro testants and Catholics thus agree in the observance of certain fast days. 2\. There is likewise " A 'table of all the Feasts that ARE TO BE OBSERVED in the Church of England throughout the year." This too is very similar to that in the Catrholic Prayer Book. Thus this Table contains as " Feasts to be observed," "The Purification of the Blessed Virgin," " The Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin," etc. Protestants thus agree with Catholics in honoring the Blessed Virgin. 3\. Not only are Feasts of the Blessed Virgin and Saints TO BE ossERtvn but special services are appointed, similar to those in the Catholic Mass Book. For instance the Prayer for " The Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin" is exactly the same in the Book of Common Prayer as in the Catholic Mass Book. There are numerous other prayers the same in both books. 4\. Protestants agree with Catholics in asking for the assistance of the angels. See precisely the same Prayer for the Feast of St. Michael in the Book of Common Prayer and the Mass Book. 5\. In the short Catechism of the Book of Common Prayer not only sosE but MosT of the answers agree with those in the Catholic Catechism even on points where Catholic and Protestants are supposed to differ. See for instance the definition of a Sacrament. The following " answer" undoubtedly shows the belief of Pro testants in the real presence of Christ in the Holy Eucharist. "The Body and Blood of Chnrist which are vEsnILY and ISDEED taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper." 6\. An extract from " The Order for the Visitation of the Sick will go to show that Protestants may believe and practice Confession just as Catholics do. This is the passage. -"Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which Con fession the Priest shall absolve him (if he humbly and heartily desire it) after this sort":- "Our Lerd Jesus Christ who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him of his great mercy forgive thee thine offences, and by his authority committed to me I ABSOLvE THEE FRO3[ At THY SMS. In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, Amen." Now, this contains the exact form word for word, used by Catholic Priests all over theworld in giving absolution in Confession. Many other doctrines and practices usually supposed to be peculiar to Catholics are contained in the Book of Common Prayer. The consequence is that numerous Anglican clergymen fast, abstam, honor the Salts. and Blessed Virgin, hear Confessions, &c.; Is it not better that we should endeavour to increase our- points of mutual agreement rather than decrease them by the blinding use of such phrases as " ccretions of error," "adcretions of superstition," blas phemous fables," dangerous deceits," &c.; There is no need to throw dirt or "dust." A judicious explanation isable to dissipate a misunderstanding with out in any way doing violence to the sincerity of our convictions, so that Hushed be every thought that springs, From out the bitterness of things. Yours, etc,, M. MORE IHALLINAN. 