SURGEONS AND PHYSICIANS. At St. Peter's Church, Ballarat, on Sunday, October 18, before alargo congregation, tlieliev. Slaney Poole, formerly of St. Jonn's, Adelaide, preached ft sermon from Booleaiastes, xxxviii. 1, " Honour a physician with the honour due unto hi in, for the uses which you may have of him, for God hath created him." Wetako tlio following concluding remarks from a roporti in tho lis'lirat Courier:—"Our Lord was nob only the Saviour of tho souls of men, hut Ho was also the physician of tho bodies. Thus I look upon the physician as inheriting of a sorb of Apostolical succession the gifts of healing which were showered upon tho Church at its birth by the Holy Ghost. They are, as ib woro, priests in their own domain. iSvery hospital, every sick-room, is a temple in which God's work_ is being faithfully carried on by those his ministers aro appointed to this very thing. Thus it is that just as St. Paul lamented divisions in the Church, just as wo recognise ' brawling in Church' as an offence, so in these temples, which are dedicated to the euro of tho body, divisions and brawling arc just as unseemly—for it cannot but bo that while strife and contention reign tho main object for which tho institution was established must be neglected. It seems to me little less than shocking that in a neighbouring colony for the last-oighteen months there should have been strife and division in the leading Hospital—a strife which would not have been heard of had not politics been allowed to inter fere with the duo management of it. Mean while a whole horde of evil tempers are leb loose, and vituperation fills tho air. The lesson which this trouble seems to teach is thab, such institutions as these should lie placed absolutely beyond political control; for in tho exigencies of political life, just as drown ing men olutch at straws, so will a falling or failing party make use of almost any means to retain their position. Mean while so long as the strife rages tlio patients and woiilrl-iw patients suffer, and those are, as you know, in a public hospital mainly and chiefly poor. ' A hospital in its place and purpose,' -says Bishop Fraser. 'is as truly s consecrated building as a Church. It is con secrated not by a ceremonial act, hut hy a spiritual—by the presence of Christ within its walls, in HiBsick, His maimed, and His poor. The services rendered unto the least of His brethren. Ho reckons rendered unto Himself.' 'I was sick and revisited Me.' Honour the physician with the honour duo unto him. It may have struck vou that except in very few instances has any honour by the Grown Or State been conferred upon him. Those who tread tho thorny and often unsavoury path of politics tread the path which uiost readily leads to such distinctions. Tho lawyer may, if his merits deserve if, bo entitled of the Queen as one of her counsel, or may ultimately reach tho Bench and through that become ft member of tkrnnoB, and 8%ht Honourable.- A. «tatgfama mayhoine: tbqr to^^al^A»bOTBfa$8^^OT>^^^Ito)^ the State wW < official ironotur.. ft is, perhaps, just acrwelLC Aa a ruldi .f believe, these* honourspfther State arowprfchily won andworn^but ssme^ ' times,as you know, & man sacrifices honourto securethem. Sometimes by fawging. on tbo rulers of the land, whether that ruler wear one:: orown or many, men hayebrept into place and: power.: , but such honours as -tueeo no wise and honourable man too et&. .The honour which is evoked hyjfcind mi&istrationB; and tender care . —thehOftour whiohisrendoredto well-directed akiH and self-sacrificing devotion—this is in deed honour, and it is this honour which. I boiisve the medical brotherhood .have in tbo main scoured. Ifcmay be that none of them', are * my forded* or called * honourable,', but it is more to thoir honour tbat they should be teal lords of a noble profession; that they should be Skilful generals in their battle with" disease,. and that the honour which they covet shall he that honour which comes to overy man who is toady to sacrifice himself on the altar of duty and give himself upto theself-denying sorvioe of.nigi fellow-man. 