SPORTING. THEjTURP RACING FLXTUBES. * t - rmrming Park Meeting. 8 asl 9.— Victoria Tnrf Club Meeting. 18.— Grating Park Meeting. NOTES AND COMMENTS. fBr 'Pegabtjs.') Tbp event of the year, next to the Perth Cup itself, -was the de claration of 'weights ?which were made public property on Nov. 26 at 1 pja^ by Mr. J. H. Smith: For some time past there had been con siderable speculation ae to the opinion which the bandicapper -would form of the eastern horses engaged in the two principal events -of the New Year meeting. At about midday on N«v. 26 quite ' a small crowd had gathered about the WJuT.C. office, 'waiting for the verdict.' When the list -was posted up in. the office window it was eagerly scanned and com mented upon. Some owners de clared that they . had not been given a 'ghost of a chance ;' others that their horses had been crashed; ? while a few, a ' very few. honestly said that they expected more weight. Like a* starter on the course, Mr. J. H. Smith has, figuratively speaking, dropped the flag, and. the battle between the backers and the mftta^^aT-R will commence in earnest. The Perth Cup of 1896 promises to be ? memorable, not only for the im proved quality of the horses en gaged, but bIbo as a medium, of speculation. During the next fire ?weeks the betting Trill be 'fierce and furious.' Mr. Alt Shaw, the Queensland trainer, xriR. proceed to York to-day to bring np a gelding by Warlock, the property of Mr. Craig, of that district. The country horse will keep TdfuB company in Mr. Shaw's new boxes. Kallara, who won the Bendigo Cup - on November 24, is a son of old Dunlop, the Melbourne Cup winner of 1887. He was the early favorite for Auraria's Derby in 1895, but owing to displaying bad form before the VJB.C. spring meeting the colt was ' knocked out.' He is a very handsome level horse, and stands over a lot of ground. Mr. J. V. Smith, of Linwood Grange, on the green banks of the Loddon, bred Kallara. Embrasure, misspelled in the telegraphed report ?* Emblasure,' finished second in the Watson Plate at Bendigo. Embrasure is a son of Enfilade, from Dr. L. L. Smith's old mare, Haidee of the Hfll« Mr. W. E. Dakin selected the golden chestnut, 'who -was one \- of the handsomest colts in Victoria, but 'was -unfortunately marred by being hipped- Mr. Mark Whitty trains both .Embrasure and Jubi lant, both of whom ran second on Wednesday. William* Konn, the Sydney light weight jockey, has arrived in the colony. Konn. can ride about 7st., and he should be in request during the Christmas and New Year meetings. Konn has gone to Cooigardie and will return in a few days. ! While flushed with Newhaven's success, Mr. W. T. Jones cabled instructions from England to have ,£300 distributed among the boys engaged about the stable that that colt is prepared in. Mr. Jones has ever been liberal, and among Vic torian owners he and Mr. J. Turn bull are said to be most given that ?way. - The opinion was expressed yes terday that Straightfire would come to Perth, as his owner-trainer would like the weight Mr. Smith has given the Flaneur horse. The champion pony of Aus tralasia, Cinder Ellen, wul visit Portsea. The progeny ought to both gallop and stay. The Grand Prix de Paris of 1898 attracted one of the most re markable entries ever received for any race, the total being: 390. M. Albert Menier is the biggest sub scriber with 24 yearlings. ? Uniform, who won the Canter bury Derby,' failed to 'win a race last year, although given four fkn.TinoB In the Champagne Stakes, at the Canterbury Jockey Club Autumn meeting, he was beaten by a stable companion in Bombshell, 'who is no? in England, . . . and he ran unplaced in the Great *' Northern Foal Stakes, won by St. Paul, at Auckland, on Boxing Day. The best performance of his stable companion, Epaulet, who ran third, ~ was to run. second in the Fourth ; Challenge Stakes, at Canterbury, ' . in the autumn, to Dauntless, who won by only a head, Mr. Stead's \- other representative, Bombshell, being the same distance off, after an exciting battle. The Williamstown Cup meeting resulted in a profit of over .£1,000, * which is the best return on record for the club, except in one year fJnT-ing the boom period. The Newmarket Handicap winner, Maluma, who is novr owned by the famous actress, the ' Jersey Lily.' \- is called by the English touts ' the greyhound of Australia.' The daughter of Malua ran lust in her first race in England. i - There are not many horses 'who . fwn boast of such a record as tbe i English horse Sedpath, by Uncas from. Maggie. He has been located in Belgium for years past, and recently won, after falling at the last fence, the Prix du Cin quantenaire or Grand Steeplechase de Flanders, and there were five runners, of whom Ipswich fell, and his 'rider, Cobb, broke his collar bone and fractured his ribs. Digi tale, another of the competitors, also fell, and Kearns, his jockey, was serenely injured, while a third competitor, Gamelle, threw his rider. Only two finished, Redpath and Recoil, and the former, who has now taken part in the race for nine years, won by a length, this being his eighth victory in the race. The Merry Boy and Damien, who are engaged in the Perth Cup and the Railway Stakes, are also entered for the principal events to be run at Eandwick at the New Year. Singing about the Melbourne streets, under a black face, is one of Australia's most successful jockeys of 20 years ago. The Sydney Bulletin says : — A northern gravedigger drew the big prize in a Tatt.'s sweep four years ago. He threw down his spade, and took to horse-backing, and so far he is miles ahead. His latest was Cremorne and Newharen (.£1,000), and he refused to hedge a copper. The six racehorses, Black Demon, Loch Isle, Holly, Destiny, Mul lawa, and The Eider, were landed at Fremantle early yesterday morn ing from the' steamer Innainincka. The three first-named stayed at the Port, while the others came on to the city. Black Demon, who was injured on board the Innamincka at Albany on Wednesday morning, is now in the Club Hotel stables at Fremantle, and is under the care of Mr. Edwards, the vet. The son of Bohemian — Firino has a scar on the point of his near hip, but otherwise he shows no marks of injuries. As soon as the horse walks, however, it can be noticed that there is more amiss than appears at first sight. The trouble seems to be in the loins, the effect at present being to cause the horse ** drag ' his near hind leg a bit. Loch Isle, by Lochiel— Lilias, has since his arrival at Fre mantle thrown off his soreness a little, and looks fairly welL The horse has, with the pony Holly, been sent to Grove Farm. The well-known and successful Sydney trainer, Mr. ' Dan' Smith, arrived in Perth on Monday last. Mr. Smith trained the champion pony of Australia, Cinder Ellen, for all her engagements, and many other winners in the colonies. Mr. Smith has come to stay, and there is no man in the colony who knows more about training. He it was who trained that wonderfnl little mare Brown and Rose, who, though only a handful, defeated Sheet Anchor, who won the Melbourne Cup at the same meeting, and also put down lolanthe over 6ix fur longs. Smith is a most reliable, painstaking man, and would do well if given a chance. Mr. Cookson yesterday bought, j on behalf of Mr. James, Ibis, who is engaged at the Canning Park on Saturday week. Ibis in Bolger's hands improved wonderfully.. Mr. E. Simpson, of Cooigardie, was on the Innamincka when the accident occurred which injured Black Demon. He says that it was a miracle that the horse escaped. The ' tender ' which broke away from the slings weighed 7 tons, and crashed into a case, which was forced through the boards on to Black Demon. Bat for catching on an upright, Mr. Simpson says the tender would have fallen through and killed Black Demon, Loch Isle, and Holly. But for Rhodes, who was in charge, Black Demon would have fared worse. 