Melbourne Notes. (Br WINoVt 1o,) THe prorogation of f Parliament. was received with a sense 6f relief in Melt bourne, and I believe the same feeling was experienced in the'country. It was useless to sit a day longer. ;Moreover, a total of fifty Acts of Parliament is a good result from even so prolonged a session. The doubt arises, however, as to whether we are not over l'gislated for. It is very much to be desired that what has been done will be left as it is. The Tariff ghost has been laid, and well too, for there is 'nothing that so disorganises trade and militates against business as the uncertainty of the l'ariff. The motto of the Supreme Court library is " Nolunus leges Anglice flutari." " We do not wish 'o change the laws of England." And it will be very well that the Acts of Parliament just passed shall be let alone so that people can understand them and not be worried and set astray by legisla. tive tinkering. Melbourne society was shaken to its base as to whether His Excellency was going to ride on horseback or go in the state carriage to prorogue Parliament. It is now chronicled that Governor Brassey-contrary to precedent-took his cocked hat off when he read the Vice-regal speech, and the Ai)rgs on Monday says that the people were buoyed up with the faint hope that His Excellency might change his mind at the last moment and make his appearance in the saddle. All this is the merest snobbery. And in this connection I may allude to the fault Mr. E. E. Lade, of Strath Creek. finds with me in the Courier of 2Sth ult. for calling Lady Brassey "ugly." Mr. Lade says, "For in almost every woman, however ill. favored she may be, as regards external appearance, there is always something which demands admiration and respect, &c.;, &c; 1 grant all this, and in my remarks bore testimony to the indefati gable way in which Her Ladyship shared the gubernatorial duties to the fullest extent. But it is another thing to adopt the snobbery of a section of the Press. When we read such gems as the follow. ing, " The Queen sill wear none but black gloves. She commenced to wear buttoned ones at the beginning of her reign." (Extraordinary fact ! Let society gasp with wonder at it.) "The Princess of WVales does her shopping by means of colored pictures of the dress, front and back as it should look when finished. It is a usual occurrence for the Princess to take her own brush or pencil and alter the picture to please her excellent taste." (Wonder of wonders!) " The Empress of Austria. asks for the milk of one particular cow out of her herd when the fancy takes her." All this and kindred rubbish, and the attri buting to persons in position qualities of mind or body which they do not possess I call " slobber "; and if I did apply an adjective which shocked Mr. Lade, it is fully compensated for by the fulsome dl.t.ation taid : every day by others one would hardly think by a pen--but by a white wash brush. By the time these lines see the light the Lnrmer Board will, no doubt, have adjourned to consider its report. The scope of the inquiry has been enlarged; and it is yet undecided whether the Board is at present constituted will hear certain cases which it is un ferstood have been forwarded from the Lountry districts. As justice Williams has his hands full with Supreme Court work, it is probable that Judge Chomley orsome other County Court Judge will be appointed chairman in his stead to continue the inquiry. Without desiring to anticipate, it is certain that public feeling as regards our system of jurisprudence so far as relates to the lower courts has never yet received such a shock as the publication of certain evidence in this inquiry has given to it. It is also whispered that should the report of the Board be what is expected, the Justice of the Peace system will be modified to the extent of relieving their worships of sitting on the Bench, so that they may without restriction confine their abilities and efforts to signing simmonses and warrants. The power to grant bail will also most likely be taken away. To this latter proposal a few lines from Hamlet (as regards one justices' mind, I do not speak for all), are very applicable. " Hamlet : "\Vhere's your father? " Ophelia: "At home, my lord." Hamlet: "Let the doors be shut upon him, that he may play the fool nowhere but in his own house." If political pressure be not too strong some change also may be made in the mode of appointment. At present it seems strange that almost the only shred of patronage acknowledged to cling to a member of Parliament is the ability to add to the justices' roll, for good or ill, the name of a political supporter for service rendered. Tom Bent has figured in many a role amongst us, from market-gardener to Speaker. This last phrase sounds like " From Log Cabin to White House," the title of the book written about President Lincoln. But Bent's last appearance was on Monday and Tuesday last before Justice Hodges and a jury of six, as a defendant being sued for £joo damages for slander by Mr. Richard Cheeseman, a brother councillor of Brighton, it being allgged that Bent said alludine to Mr. Cheeseman, " You are a perjurer." The defence was not justification, or that much vexed one "fair comment"-made more vexed by the decision in Speight v. Syme--but a flat denial as to the words being used. A strong bar appears, and from that part which I heard of Mr. Topp's speech to the jury upon the ex.speaker, "he let him have it " rather more than learned Counsel usually do when speaking of a defendant. "Some twenty years ago by some extraordinary freak, said Mr. Topp, the electors of Brighton rejected the late Chief Justice Higginbotham for Mr. Thomas Bent." To those who recollect those times, it was a freak certanly. To use the words of the even. itg papers, the case has not been con cluded when these lines go to press. There is every indication of the can. didature of Mir. J. L. Purves for a seat in the Federal Convention being success ful. He is thought to be quite head and shoulders over nearly all the Victorian candidates. 