" Fdsliion Notes. < (By BLUkBEi.i..) ,:-No one can attend a ball or other , r< Booioty function nowadays without ' notioing bow the modern wohiiin de- jights to dress herself in gorgeous hp- mnwnl nnrl ehnrlflff 111 fllfllTl 011(18. ; 1 1 ' \- j At one time in our world's, history, such emblazonment oh tho.part of nny 5 one but royalty would bo treated with .. ' imprisonment,. Things. seona to have changed altogether in this go-alienu : . teenthwnt,.., ftoynlt.y, on the eohifrary,' is'distinguisbcd by its./ sirn- "plioity. ' Tho unobtrusivo stylo in which Royalty caii dress nnd travel :rohhd- -is enough io -iiinko aiigust ghosts stare. Take, for instance, onr fh'ost gracious ftuecii. j On her recent visit to- Nice tlio Mistress of tho Robes and Royal dressmakers had a very busy, time preparing her cos tumes for Continental wear. We are .'ibid that the latest in-door toilet of 'the Queen is simplicity .itself, and becomes ' Her Majesty chonuingly. WiO drees is a figured design in buck ' nib,, and ; trimmed :with velvet and satin.1 The oireular sliirt is full, and cut with threo gores, tho front one \- with the unnotehed side laid to the fold of tho fabric, which avoids a /lAnfrn . spam.. .Each of . tho -front tedmB is'o'utlinedwithanarrowbdnd of -velyet, with a tabbed ond_ a few ' " . inches from the' bottom, wliieb'is held book by a blaok velvet button.- Tho hddiiib is yoUiid'.at tho waist,, whero it " is, joined by' a small ciroular basque of satin, Covered with another bdsque Outlined with black luce. Tho baok of bodice is 'seamless, joined by two side ' pieces,' while :tlie front has a tight ; fitting .lining,; covered with- a round' yoke of velvetj -'met !by itlie material front, wbMv- »» \ pleated in \- the centre of the /front,- tho doublo breasted seotiou hooking .at the left "itdet. V, The sleeves ore of , tlici new apd fasliidiiablo , tuoked ;, gigot .design. Such is t our .Queen's latest, in-door :gown,! and tho cat that looked at- Her : Majesty 'andthon at her own mistress . would be bound: to soratpli , Iter head, . and deride that her mistress wn'sl the Queen, and' tho Queen some other Mrs. Smith. ... Syiiile talking of Royalty, , somo t-' of ' the ways of our Queen will not be unwelcome to .our readers. When Iter Majesty gets comfortably seated !. in the Royal travelling saloon, she quietly munohea a biscuit, and after 'having been ilireo quarters of an " iionr on her journey/ she takes a few . tiny- - sandwiobes. .. These ..ore grent delieoricPvBiul here Is tbo iecipe. . - Tako a (lozon of round or oval rolls of bread, about tho size of an egg. A small picoe is cut off the tbp of each, about tlie size of 5 a lialf-crowc, and all the orumb is removed from the in side. These rolls are thon filled with tlio following ' preparation. First shred the white meat from tho breast of a roast chicken, and put (his in a basin. " Then out very fine tho fillets of six washed anchovies, mid tongup and dressed liatn, equal in quantity to tho eliioken; add a few shreds of In Jinn mango, a little cliopped tarra gon, and chorvnl, as seasoning. Thee- siindwicli' rolls must bo eovered with bireulnr napkins until lnihdcd round. ' Ono of the wilful Princesses, I licar, hns been in tho sulks for throe weeks, because she is- uot allowed to rido a bioylo outside the gromids. when admonisliod she announced that if slio was forbidden a bicyclo she wouldn't danoe, apd forthwith, shut herself up for threo weeks. 'Quite rooentl she appeared at a hall for the first , time after tho sulks. She is described as the darling of tho Court, this Pvinoesss ; she is lpvcd by every body, nnd is immensely lutppy herself. Slio bus two fine hoys, :of . whom' slio (s'vory proud.. ' » .On Bundny last the Japaiicso nt Broome, AVoBtern Australia, wore celebrating tho birthday of a child, all of them being under tlio influence of drink. Ouo of thorn leaving' the party armed himself with n rifle, revolver aud 6word, nndthon returned to tho soeno of the festivity', lie fired threo shots at one ' of his coun trymen, but as none of .them, took effect lie drew' his sword'" and killed the man instantly. / The iiiurdorcr then, returned to liis house, on tho way threatening to shoot Constable Eruco and another man whom ho mot. The o'onstablo.. heiug unarmed went to procure- a rifle; menmyhilo the Japancs'o euiored . his house nnd 6hot himself dead. /It has been found in Queensland that tlio destruotivo cattle tioks'attncli thbmselves to. wild ducks and other wildfowl. : An outbreak of small-pox has oc curred in Gorman Now ' Guinea . and New: Britain. At one island .'the nativeB are dying off like rotten sheop, and tbo disease is spreading. "" At the Criminal Court oil Tuesday Charles Seebeok was fcund- guilty of having performed an illegal-opera tion, 'and wnS ' sentenced to three years' . 'in)prisbniubiit,.,;'.witU hard labuui'i ' : ; V " ' - .. 