WHAT BECAME OE THE GHOST. W. L. Aldex, in "Yule Tide." Simmons was an excessive and unneces sary American. That was the unanimous verdict which his fellow-artists passed upon.kiin when he made his appearance in Paris " Probably you don't behove in ghosts," said Simmons. " But if you'd known as many ghosts as I've known, you'd understand that ghosts arc as common as cats, and pretty near as intelligent. . . " Two years ago I was painting in Venice, which I consider the meanest town on this side of the Atlantic, and I can't say worse than that. It's ruinous and dirtv, and inconvenient, and you can't get anything fit to eat in the whole place. It has the biggest ghost popula tion of any city in the world, though the general public doesn't know it. You see, the cemetery is mighty uncomfor table, there being at least a foot of water in every grave, and the consequence is that most ot the people that are buried in Venice prefer to become ghosts and wander around the town, whore they can manage to keep dry. I was wanting to paint a picture of the Northern Lagoon, and one day when I was looking for a good place to set up my easel, I saw a house standing just 011 the edge of the water, that looked as if it had been shut up since the time of Julius Ciosar. I saw that if I had a room in that house I could paint my picture without any interruption, and so I made inquiries about it. "Well, I found somebody who professed to be the agent of the owner of the house, and I rented a room for three francs a month. " I soon found that the house was a regular ghost barrack. They didn't show themselves, but they made a lot of noise; There, wasn't any lock to my room, and the '■first night I slept in it the ghosts opened the door, and let in a current of air that gave me a cold; so I put a cheap lock oil the door, which kept out the ghosts, though any ordinary / burglar could have opened it with a nail. iSomo times the ghosts would come into my room while. I was at > work ; hut beyond making the furniture creak, and . oc casionally knocking something off the table—for they, are a careless lot—they didn't disturb me. in the daytime. But at uiglit there seemed to be whole gangs of tham going up and down stairs, and holding political meetings and women's rights conventions in the; next/room.; Every now and thnnl used to get up and go out on the landing, and ask them to remember that that they were keeping an inoffensive foreigner awaltc. " One day I went to the hnnlc to draw some money that was coming to me 'from America, and to cash a draft fora picture that I had sold to an English tourist., Altogether it made a good bit of money and the banker paid it to me in gold, be cause I never trust any of this foreign paper money. It filled a small bag, and as it was too heavy for me to carry in my pocket, I earned it in my hand, though the banker warned me that I was putting temptation in the way of the poor, and trifling with the feelings of the criminal classes. I liad my dinner at a restaurant, and afterwards spent most of the evening at a vifi in the Piazza, where I used to go to read the papers. About nine o'clock I heard thunder, and, not having . any umbrella, started in a hurry for my room. _ " The storm came up more slowly than I had expected, but soon after I had • gone to bed it arrived, and gave a first class exhibition of what Venice can do in the line of thunderstorms when she ' gives her whole mind to it. It rained as if the; water bad been emptied out of a thousand wasbtulis; the lightning was so sharp that it half- blinded me, and the thunder shook the whole house from top to bottom. As .for the. wind, it howled worse than a London milkman ; and as there was too much noise for sleeping, I j 11st lay in bed and amused myself watch ing the lightning. All at 011 co I saw something that I don't mind admitting gave me a start. I told you 'that King Arthur, as I used to call uiv suit of armor, always stood ill a corner of the roomT 'Well, I happened to be looking in that direction, when a" Hash of light ning showed 111c that King Arthur had moved about two feet away from the corner, and was standing perfectly still in his new position. I didn't rniud ordinary ghosts ; but when it came to a suit of armor waltzing around a room by itself, I didn't like the look of it. ; I lay therein the dark, trying to persuade myself that I had been' mistaken ; in thinking that I had seen the-'armor, standing in the corner when I wont to bed and saying to myself that the woman who took care of the room " must have moved it. I knew all the time that this wasn't true ; but when, a / man is fool enough to be frightened at«a ghost, he is always fool enough to be lieve any moderate lie. But by- and-by there came another flash, and I saw that the figure had moved a couple of feet farther along the wall, and had one hand stretched out, as if it was feeling its way in the darkness. Now I knew what was the matter. Some ghost had got into that suit of armor, and was walking around in it. " Probably the ghost that was inside of the armor found it difficult to walk in such a heavy suit of clothes. At any \- rate, be. moved about as slow as a dis trict messenger boy; and if you know anything about district messenger boys in London, you know how slow that is/ The next flash showed that the figure had left the wall along which it had been sidling, and was coming straight to wards the bed. It was only about fifteen feet from me/and my heart began to beat at the rate of about a hundred and.fifty to the minute. " However, my fright didn't last many mitiutcs. I reflected that a weak ghost in a heavy suit of armor would be about as useless for fighting purposes as a professional pugilist who is in the habit of writing to the newspapers. I made up my mind thatT would wait till the figure was close to iny bed, and that I would then jump 011 it and upset it 011 the floor, the chances being that I would have plenty ,of time to find the matches before the figure could get on its legs again. I gathered myself together for a spring, and waited till— according to my calculation—King Arthur was within striking distance. Then I threw back the bedclothes, and made a jump for my visitor. I struck him good and square, and we both . came , down wif.n as much rattle and clatter and bang as if we had been a dozen lengths of st.ovh pipe. " I stood for a moment wondering what I had better do with my visitor, just to-tench him a useful lesson, when I happened to think of a stick of solder that I had bought one day when I wanted to mend several-cracks in the breastplate of King Arthur.; I lit my spirit lamp, heated my ' soldering-iron, and laying King Arthur-in" a handy position on his back, began to solder the different pieces of his armor together. I soldered his front and hack" plates till nothing less than a coldebisel could have unbuttoned them ; I soldered his helmet tight to his shouldc-rs, and I soldered his icg-pieces froui the bip down to the foot. I worked over the job for a full hour, and when I had got through I had made him pretty near watertight. "'Now, my ghostly friend,' I said, ' this will teach you not to conic into a f gentleman's bedroom and take liberties with his curiosities. You've put your self into-that suit of armor without leave and you'll stay , in it till I'm ready to let von out,' which ' won't bo for some lime. ' I'll just tie your legs to the bedpost, so i that you can't shuffle away before morn- I inir, and then I'll make up some of the sleep'that you've deprived me of with y0„r foolish and indecent games.' " Well, I tied the figure's legs to the j bedpost, and then I blew out the candle j and went to bed again. When I woke up , in tbe morning it was broad daylight, ' and the stonn was over. I looked over tlio side of the bed to see how King [ Arthur was getting on, and I never was , more surprised in my life than I was to j find that he had gone. I j limited up and looked under the hod, that being the . only-place of concealment in the room, i but my friend wasn't there. The door was locked as usual, and the key was under my pillow. It was clear that King ' Arthur must have got out by way of the j window, arid then I noticed that one of the front windows that looked out on the lagoon was partly opeu. I wont and looked out of it, bat there was 110 figure in armor in sight. The tide was un usually high—higher, in fact, than I had ever seen it before. Not a soul was stirring at that early hour, and after wondering what could ' 'possibly have become of- iny' suit 'ofarmor and its wearer, I went back to bed for another nap." Simmons paused for a moment, and wo' all thought that ho bait finished his story. I wus just about to ask him what his explanation ot the walking suit of armor Was, when lie resumed. " Do any of you fellows read Italian ?" AVe. all assured him that we did not. " Then," said lie, taking a newspaper cutting from his pocket-book; " I'll translate a Jillio "-paragraph that ap peared in the ' Adriatico.'r—the Venetian paper—ten days or so after my experience with King-Arthur. Listen to this: — 'Yesterday morning two fishermen, Carlo Pabris and-Antonio Scainozzi, made a i discovery ofthe uiost horrible in the | Canal of "Burano. Seeing 'something I shining under the water at low tide, they arrived to bring ,it to the surface. It was a complete suit of armor of the fifteenth century. In addition to being fastened in the usual way, the armor wus soldered together, and ivlieu the: fishermen c had prized the visor of the helmet open, they were; filled, with horror to find-that the corpse of a man; in an advanced state of decomposi tion, was enclosed in the armor. Evi dently one treats otan atrocious murder, and tho police arc soon to mako an ' im portant arrest.'" " : Woall agreed that Simuions's adven ture was a remarkable one, and nobody ventured to express any doubts as to its literal truth: Simmons , was liardly the sort of man with whom to discuss a ques tion of voracity. • But after Simmons had goiiohome, and left us still at the dinner table, tlio man who had been sitting next to him ■■■picked up from ■ tho floor tho newspaper cutting which Simmons had translated. It had been cut from " Galig nani's -Messenger," - and not from an Italian paper ; and instead of referring to gruesome discovery by Venetian fisher men, it simply contained tho hours of the deimrture of trains from Pans for Lon don. ■ ' : . ' 