Echuca Echoes. 9 (By''Vox.") "Blow, bugian, blow set tho wild echoes flying."—Tennyson. Echoes are generally interesting, but are somotlmes confusing and confounding. These eohooa are only weekly and will be thrown off amid-the olamour of the world's work and worry, with the hope that dbme tired traveller will hoar and understand and perhaps, be the batter for their music. The absence of hills around the town will prevent these eohoes from being very loud or long, but not to spoil their clearness. Let us hops the gentlo reader will be content to listen to tho voice, wl'hout anxiety whatever as to the personality of tho caller. It is only a voice crying in the night, to cheer the lonely and encourage the busy toller. The cries of London are very musical and strangely suggestive. The echoes by Eilarney's Lakes and hills are wonderfully wierd; whilst the echoes that ring around those Ciwei awny up at, the Giant's Causeway in the North of Ireland, send a creepy feeling all through you and make you look around in anticipation of the ghosts of long ago. Of what will these Echuca echoes remind us 1 Our past is not so far away I and the only ghosts that haunt the Murray Flats and creep along its banks are the somowhat substantial lovers who whisper soft nothings to each other and Bport away the idle hours. To such these eohoes will have no interest and be meaningless and more pointloss than the mosquito's music. Our city fathers have conferred a boon upon this town and added greatly to its beauty and attractiveness by what thay have dono in the matter of tree planting. As a rule public men get more kicks than ha' pence, unless they happen to be members of Parliament. Instead of finding out what they have done, we turn the blind eye In that direction and search for what they have not done and then express our mind protty freely. Just now Echuca is seen to advantage, and those magnificent trees which line our principal street are a source of comfort to the pedestrian and a shelter from the mid-day sun. For this boon we ought to bo devoutly thankful to our town council and manifest our appreciation by guarding them most jealously from vandalism or destruction. . If the residents of Echuca have reason to be proud of their broad-tree iinod streets, reminding one of the Boulevards of Paris, they have also greater reason to be proud of their large and attractive Park and well kept gardens. Have we made as much of our park as we might, have done 1 The Ballarat Lake and gardens are a source of profit to that city, because a centre of attraction to the district and colony.. Why should we not make our splendid park and our noble river a source of profit to the- town and a centre of attraotinn to tho district 1 What better place could there be for picnics and parties ? Why should we not try to attract from afar as well as from our own immediate neighbourhood Sunday and State Schools picnics as well as trudeamen's picnics ? This would cot only make Eohuca known, but would bring hundreds of pounds to the tills of our business people. We have the railway converging hore from nearly every diraotion and the trains oould run nearly down to the Park perhaps some of our public men will take note of this faint echo and do something speedily in anticipation of the coming seasan 1 There is pleasure in it for those who come, and profit in it for the railways and the town. Our river is at present a source of pleasure and profit, but there is more money in it than we have over dreamed or imagined. If Echuca is to be the great Consumptive Sanatorium for the whole of Australia, then the sooner we make its , virtues known, the better for ourselves and I and others. The steady inflow of a few hundred children and adults every week, would make things hum, and our business men as jolly as Band boys. 