Talle m. THE Northern Miner publishes a lector from Mr. Huhnrt, who has seen most of the North Queensland goldftelds in their early days, and therefore has knowledge of the troubles whioli overtake the pros pector. His suggestions as to the precautions which should he taken to minimise these troubles in British New Guinea appear to be both valuable and practical, and were they followed would no doubt mean the savings of hundreds of lives. The question is, who will bear the cost ? The various colonies contribute to. the expense of governing British New Guinea, and it is probable this sum annually sub scribed is entirely absorbed without any extra ex penditure such as is now suggested. About ;84000, probably less, would cut a track and roughly bridge the worst creeks to the vicinity of the goldfields, for onoe the coastal lands are left aud the hilly country entered upon the undergrowth is not very thiok. HiQitBisabowdlerised paragraph from the Ohiltern Lecidor. "Trenwith:is back,back,in our midst again after his visit to the great world of,.London. Every one will remember Trenwith of old, as ho sat in his little shop on the Collingwood side of Simpson's road, pieoeing old boots and dreaming the dreams of the ambitious. And how these, drearas have been realised, whether wholly or partially, he only can say. All honour to you, Trenwith! Your ambition soared a, peg or two | higher than hammering old boots all, day.; ;The people who sent you to Parliament neeii never be ashamed of you. You, , .are. : juak about the only sensible, moderate, . liberal and broadminded man among all that oohort of shreds and'patches-the Labour party in the House. Since his return from the .great heart' of ft: .higher civilisation than Collingwood or Richmond aah, boast, it is notioed that he has grown cold.and dis tant and haughty with his old friends." In Victorian political circles much interest is already being taken in the next General Elections, whioh it is stated will take place in August, and only sottie five or six weeks after the printing of the now rolls. The Ministry think that by rushing on the eleotions the Constitutional Party will he caught napping. This is however not the case with the Reform Olub, whioh has become the head oentre of the Constitutional Party. The Reform Club is very aotive and its organization to opposo the Turner Government and the Trades 'Tall Party will bo found vury oorapleto ftnd in working order on the day of olection. What I is more the Constitutional or as it is sometimes called the Conservative Party, are determined to spend money tor election purposes. Certainly everything points to success with the Con stitutionalists. 12 von the loss of adult population by omigrationjis|Pavourable to a Constitutional victory fx? out of ovory ton males whohaveemiRffttedto South Africa and Western Australia are working men. A WELii known spiritualist in Melbourne claims to have received from.occult sources, an avowal of the authorship of the Letters of Junius," by the writer of them,. in' a circumstantial statement, which embraces not only an explanation of his motives for attacking the Government of his day. and of his reasons for concealing his identitv, hut also indi cations of where corroborative proofs of the accuracy of his assertion could be found. These have been carefully examined, and have been found to sustain the statement of the communicant in every particular. His name is to be found in the list of the thirty seven persons suspected of having been the writers of the letters, but not among the fifteen who were j enumerated by Dr. Good in his " Essay on Junius and I his writings"; nor is he one of those over whom the storm of controversy has ever raged. The recipient of the'information says:-"I have already been' rewarded in my search for collateral evidence of the truthfulness of my informant's avowal, by the dis oovery of five very important proofs of his veracity 5 and as aoon as I shall have completed my examination of^ the books and documents to . which 'he has directed my attention, I shall publish his statements, together with the confirmatory evidence, in a small volume. ?? In the meanwhile I can only say that, in the light of the knowledge I have thus acquired, I am astonished that I never guessed, from oertain characteristics of the letters them selves, who was the author of them. For the present it would be obviously impolitic, on my part, to dis close the name of the writer whose features have been hitherto covered by such an impenetrable mask." So full of detail is the statement he now makes that it includes some interesting particulars of the messenger whom he employed to fetch and carry the letters that passed between " Junius" and « Woodfall." # * # : FOR the benefit of English readers a translation is published of; Dr. G. IMh land's pamphlet on The Jluin of the World'a AffriouMuro n.ml tTrade, Inter national Motitious Daalinfls in Futures" of Afiricul tural Procluco and Silver, with tho oft'acf; on Priaos. The author is Professor of Political Eoonomy at Zurich University, and is scientific agricultural advisor of the largest German Agricultural Sooiety, tho Ttund dcr Landwirtho, Berlin. He was sent by Prince Bismarok specially to study tho causes of agricultural depression successively to "Russia, England, Austria, Hungary, tho Danube Provinces, India, Australia and North America. The original of tho present pamphlet exercised a most potent effect on Gerimn opinion at tho time when the Hill for suppressing gambling in corn "futures " seemed likely to be defeated by a powerful combi nation of capitalists and produce gamblers. It set going a strong agitation, Avhioh led to the Bill pass ing by overwhelming majorities in tho late session of tho J?,oiohstag, and the Bill will come into oporation iu .Tune noxt. Dr. Bfthland explains luoiclly tho processes of " bulling '* and "bearing" asi they relate to the sale of as yet non-oxiot.ont corn for delivery at a future given date. ITra shows that the actual price at which the corn flnallv loaves the farmer's hands is vovy prnjudiciallv affected by the erambling opora tions. A.powerful syndicate of " hearing1" specula tors, commanding millions of money, is ahle to depress the price of the commodity far helow its intrinsic value, and they monopolise f.he supply, for the rise. As. Dr. "Rilhland puts it. the " interested capitalists beat down prices quite irrespective of the relntions that now exist between the supply and demand of errain." Mr. Charles W. Smith, who has made the subject his own in "Rnsrla.nd. contributes a preface, wherein ho blames the British Government for its apathy in reward to a reform that would result in a material rise of prices. THE. principal srossip concerning Victorian election matters is about, Metropolitan'constituenoios, The feeling in St. .TCilda is very Rtronsr against the Premier and electioneering ? aeents are busy search rina-fora suitable Conservative candidate. At Emerald TTill. the Liberal cause generally is in disrepute,and Mi% Tom Smith has espeoially injnrnd himself with the total abstainers, who view with disfavour, his promise to Mr. "David Symo not to oppose an amendment of the Lioerising Act.whereby the Grand Coffee Palace would be allowed to sell iintoxicating drinks. West .Melbotirne is free as Dr. . William Walone.v will not contest the constituency. Mr. T. Eldridge Healov.,who is a native of "West Melbourne, has been asked to offer himself for his friend's seat. North Melbourne is determined to mnIce a change, and oven Liberals despair of , Mr. Pr end or cast's chance of being returned. In Carlton Mr. Ivers will very likely gain Mr. "Bromley's seat for the , Constitutionalists. Mr, John Anderson's seat ? in East Melbourne .will be threatened by Mr. Sam Gillott, the solioitor. One I of the two Liberal seats in Pitzroy < is I in extreme danger. Mr. Best is to be opposed by Mr. Oldfield, the popular dentist. Mr. ,T. iB. 1 Tuclcer does not stand a ghost of a show to retain the Melbourne South .seat.for the Liberal Party. At 13ssendon Mr. MoCraoken is hoinfr urcred to broalc another lnnce with Mr. Alfred-Deal?in, Mr. Theodore Pink has gained, a great reputation for being sound on Company and Ranlcinsr Law whioh has gainedhim many friends amongst;the Constitutional voters of .Tolimont, .and West Hi ohm end, , ,He .will bo opposed by a Labour candidate and Mr, "Baiter, a former Minister of the Crown; Very little is, asiyet, heard of country constituencies but it has been mentioned that Mr; Tom Hunt will oppose Mr. Duffy at JCilmore and that,,Mr. John Sheehan, of the Treasurv Hotel, intends to get Mr. ,T. Levien's seat for the Barwon. The two safest seats in the country are those of Mr, P. C. Mason, for Gippaland South, | and Mr. J. A. Isaacs for the Ovens. Of oourse Mr. Max Hirsch is to get a seat-and it -will most likely be that of Mr. Grattan. for Shoppa.rton. Bycblie wn.y. Much dissatisfaction is being felt, and freely ex pressed, amongst Mr. Mason's friends that "he "haw no opponent for his obvious claim to the right! of nnnnowsion to the ' Sneaker's ohair exaept Mr.' John Duffy. 