TOPICS OF TP H0UR. I By /'Asmodeus-' i Tbeee art two notorious caeos— the Tichborne i trouble aud the Dean htysterj — ooBcarning which ths world will probably never bear the last. At various times we msy flatter our selves that we havo laid these dreary devilries to rest for ever, but it is safe to say that when the Day of Judgment arri-ros a deal of most unseemly distraction will be caused by some gullible perion popping up to announce tnat he has just discovered the real Sir Hpger among the goatl)MAd when that bore has been jabbed on OJa^Nick'a pitclrfork and re moved to the everlasting bonfire, a member of the Dean family will bob eerenely np, and let oil' yet another confession bearing on the ancient family trouble. Like Banquo's ghost, tbe Tichbornes and the Deans will not ' down,' and so we must bear patiently with them, the same as we do with incompetent Ministries, and the rabbit plague, and the small-pox and the tan-booted Libor Members, ?nd all other great evils that curse the land. m m 9 Just at present Possum Dean ie 'resting,' as the actore say when suffering from enforced leisure, and we need not trouble aboat bim for perhaps a month or two more. He made a stir for a time, and now h.e is in the ' stir ' himself; a frightful example of a man who grasped Opportunity by the hind legs, and got kicked as high as Gilderoy's kite for his trouble. 9 % 9 Tichborne is on deck once more, however, under the care of Mr J. G L. Fitzpa trick, M.P., who seems to have found another mare's next on the Tichborne estate, and caught the old^nare sitting- on the addled eggs as well, Mr Fitzpatrick introduced his par ticular Sir Boger to Parliament a few nights ago, bnt Pa Brunker sat on him severely, and plainly said the Supreme Court was tbe proper place for Fitz's friend, after which the irrepressible Tichborne party exclaipwd, ' No mattah ! The time will come ! ' Aad then be faded away in the direction ot tbe refresh ment-room. * » » The modern Tichboraei were mostly a poor ' ratty ' lot, but there were some merry old grigs amongst the ancient crowd, and some of tbe yarns they now spin round tbe stoves in Sheol concerning the giddy games they played on earth, would bring blushes even to the seasoned cheeks of an oVgan-grinder's monkey. The house of Tiohborae has long been extinct, and the causa is said to lie in a corse that was uttered TOO yean before. ? m ? The legend tons that when ths Lady Mabel Tichborne, wife of the real Sir Roger who was sloshing round during tbe reign of Henry IL, was lying on her death- bed stricken with paralysis, she begged her husband to grant ber the means of leaving behind her a charit able bequest in the form of an annual dole of bread. Being a playful old rooster witb a fine vein of dry humor running through bim, Sir Boger promptly replied : 'Gadzooke! you shall have your wish old party ; and by way of doing the thing handsome, I will giTe you all the ground you can walk roiind while this firestick, which yon must car ij in your right hand, keeps alight.' ? m v ? Considering that the Lidy Mabel had then been bed-ridden for four years, tbe generosity of this sporting offer wsb considerably ham pered by limits; but to the intense surprise of ttll, and the extreme disgust of jolly old Sir Boger, the Lady Mabel slid ont of bed, picked u$- the longest firestick she could find, and c.»wled round (ome ibm ri&ct; wins on tbM estate, which to this day wtaia fhe'title of . 'The Crawls,' and then, after leaving feer eollemtt curse on any of her descendants who ehnuld discontinue the dole, ahe foretold that whenever that event occurred the old honse would fall, and tbe family name become ex timst from failure of male issue, Then she called Sir Boger to her tide and laughingly said.: 'Gnmmeiorl I had thee on toast that timet,- my ancient rooster,' and then she rolled over And died on the spot, ? « « » The dole was served out for GOO years, and then tbe 'nioest people' of the time pro tested that it was bringing a lot of the dem'd lower orders abont the place, and so the bounty was stopped, and the curse of Lady Mabel began to work at once. Sir Henry Tiohborne, who shut down on the dole, liad issue seve^ sons, bnt his heir had eeven . daughters born to him, and so the name ran out until Sir Edward Doughty assumed it, and passed it on to the missing party who has passed him self- on so mysteriously and caused no end of trouble. » » ? What makes the Tichborne Mystery all the more complicated is the faot that the missing Sir Roger's father was a man who believed ia- marrying early and marrying often — in fact, when pressed, for .time he selected his partner and dispensed with the marriage oere mony altogether. He had a mile child by the French maid who attended- bis wife ; he had two or three sons by the buxom English cdbk -in his kitchen (the Wagga butcher 5s supposed to be one of those) ; he had children by tha servent women on the nftxt estate ; in fact if anyone stood in the main street of the nearest town to the Tiohborne Manor, and threw a dozen bricks at random, 10 of them wonld hit a croBs-barred Tichborne, and the other two would strike persons whose parent age was doubtful. The result to-day is that any number of people can be rounded up who possess the Tiohborne features, and as a natural sequence a Tichborne claimant can always be found as long as any one is chomp enough to Had the cash to fight his case. * m ?A National Council of Women' is abont to be started ia this Conncil-and-Commisaion cune& oounfty, haviag'- for Its 6bJfe'dV$fie banding of all Australian women; who will pledge' themselrae to 'live a broadsr life rwfeatover tint auspicious ' 1 their flat-heeled cow- hide boote whefiefet an opportunity offers. - m ? m Nothing will ever oome of this cackling Hen-Convention, ef course. Nothing ever doe^ for -when half-a-dozen women are con gregated to discuss public matters it isn't long before one pettiooated reformer alludes to another as a-'persoa,' then the insnltod party calls the other a 'creature,' and pretty soon the row becomes general, and hairpins, and buttons, and ribbons, and hair-pads are flying round the room as thick as leaves in Vallam broea, .. before the scrub-cutting and foreet thinning parties got to work upon the vegeta tion. * ? ? I remember hearing of a meeting of the nicest ladies in New York, at which it was decided to hold a ' Lady 'Washington ' soiree in aid -of the poor. Everything had been satisfactorily ' settled ' when the Cbiairlady (Mrs.: Van Uppstart) obserrsd that in order ' 'to dp away with the time and .trouble, and perhaps ill-feeling, connected with balloting, ahe would undertake the arduous rols ot Lady Washington herself. ^ An ominous silence reigned 'or a few moments after this generous offer was *aade, and then a long, lean t pike- nosed lady, ?Lo looked like a last year's clothes-peg stnok mo a this year's bolster, sharply hinted that Li It Washington wasn't exactly a human eht elephant, and didn't turn tbe scale at 18 stons. ' She was a woman of noble pro portions,' snapped back the Chairlady, ' and she bad fat enough on her t» grease a griddle, which is more than you can truthfully say of I youself.' The thin woman squirmed at this and was shaping her lips to say ' you hussy, when a third lady sweetly observed, ' A6 our two dear friends are not likely to agree I pro pose that I assume the character. Is there any objection to my acting as Lady ?Washington V m m m ? ' Well, no,' roplied tbe chairlady, unless it be that Lady Washington didn't have a wart on her nose, and a breath like a turkey buzzard. ' I supposo you consider you would be a per-r-fect Lady Washington,' eneered a hard-face woman, who was dressed after the fashion of Mrs 'Noah when she ehoo'd the animals out of the ark. 'Oh dear, no,' exclaimed the lady addressed, ' but as there will be many foreigners at our ' swarry ' 1 wouldn't like them to think that the nearest approach we could make to Lady Washing ton was a toothless, cock-eyed, web-footed old frnmp who hadn't quite recovered from the yellow jandere.' ' What do you mean, you vulgar creature ? ' shrieked the offended lady. ' I aid't a bow-legged load of tallow, and my husband didn't rob his creditors, and he didn't take me from the wash-tub either.' ' How thoughtful of him to allow you to remain in the position for which ^ou were clearly intended,' returned tbe chairlady. as she smiled serenely on ber friend, and then a bable of shrieks and opprobious epithets began, and the chairlady was biffed off her perch, and chaos reigned supreme, as the only male reporter present slipped out ! singing : — Ob, me Jaue, me prett; Jane I You make me feel fio shy, When you meet me in the evening Witb yonr bloomers on awry I » ? * When wives go on the warpath it is time for husbands to scoot after ecslps also, even if the hair tbey raise is shop-made stuff, fastened on with pins and ribbons. Some short time ago the meddlesome women of the States organised bands and entered npon a crusade against the grog saloons, marching through the streets with banners waving and Foo-poo bands playing, and whenever they came to a whisky-mill they nsed to kneel down and pray that chain-lightning would strike the ehanty and wither np all inside, eo that their own husbands and brothers, and fathers and 'best boys' might be saved from the accur-r-sed drink. » » « In time the men got very full of this damphoolishness, and by way of carrying tl war into the enemy's camp, they banded themselves together and marched through the streets in the eame brave style the women did, but .instead o£ worrying tbe whisky sellers, they knelt in front of all the milliners' shops and the linen-drapery establishments and prayed earnestly that heaven would blast the bargain- counters, and send to ail women a goodly share of that common-sense they etood so much in need of. Special stress was laid on the foolories of the fashions, and although the whole thing was merely a howling burlesque on the women's crusade, it struck home, and the women went home and stayed at home, and a great peace came upon the land, such as always comes when everybody keeps in bis and her own place, and minds their own blessed business, « » * So far the Leap Year has passed in this' country without any daring raid on the part of unmarried women or any other great social calamity being reported, but a tale has- just come from New York which shows the great danger bachelors will run till '97, and in fact as loog as they dare to remain in a state of single blessedness. m * m A breach of promise case was being tried in New York in which a young man named Thomas Trader was accused of trifling with the affections of a majestic looking maid named Sarah Bice. Trader admitted having promised - to make the lady to be his '.very own,' but in defence he pleadell that this promise was extorted from him by unfair j means. It seems that he was out paddling in ; the briny at Long Beach when Misa Bice I (who is an expert swimmer) caught him in I the surf, hanled him out into deep water I and held him under until he promised to fall in with the Leap Year custom* and become her husband. ' * . * » Thomas Trader's tale was believed, and he got clear of the court and the desperate Sarah's courting also; but every country has its own laws, and if a similar case were tried here the bounced bachelor might be com pelled to keep to his promise. Single men who love a. plunge in the briny at Bondi,^ Coogee, or Manly would therefore do well, before they venture in, to search round the rocks and see that no designing damsel is lying -in wait to give them their choice of matrimony or drowning. Climbing the G.P.O, tower, -or the South Head cliffs, or to tha top of the Town Hall in company with a spinster touching 30 is decidedly risky, also, and perhaps the safest thing for single men to do while Leap Tear lasts would be to go npthe mountains and hide in hollow logs, or pass themselves off as Civil Servants who are daily expecting to be interviewed by the terrible Triumvers of the Civil Service Board. » ' « * A considerable amount of ruddy rot has been beard of late concerning the alleged ties which bind England and America together, and the racial love which is supposed to exist between the people of both countries. Nothing is ever gained by shutting one's eyes agaihet ' the straight truth, however; and tbe straight truth has recently , been let ont by an English journal!^; now in New yerk, who eays; — ? Pebpls itTiiinie have TttO idfea!h'o# very bitter and very real American hatred of Great Britain is. The clergy preach against us; and a large proportion of the press is full of abuse of our country, English people don't know what they are talking about when they prate of '.brotherly ties' and 'blood being thicker -than water ' and all ither -hftneense ofthat kind. ? ? »- 'The troth is our only ties lie ia the fact that we hare so many hundreds of millions invested in Amerlcs, and that then is so much trade between the two countries, It is very galling to Englishmen in America' to see BfTgland fawning npon that country, holding out her hand, and begging it to be taken after it has been refused oyer and over again. . I don't believe that one quarter of the popula tion' of Amerioa is Anglo-Saxon, bat I am certain the English are bated the moBt, and it is-time we reoogniaed the fact.' *' ' ' * .. / ? ? ^j^iretty^iroblem^jsjlhw^ caie of mx between England and the United States, what would be the attitude of the American Government towards the many Englishmen who, from motives of business o: pleasure, have married American wives r Is almost every case these gentlemen draw large revenues from '.heir wives' fortunes, wbict are almost invariably invested in America. M&cy; of them are officers in tjie : British army, or ;n the militia or volunteer^. Cce of them — Eye-glass Chamberlain — is a member of the British Cabinet. Would it be expected by those. British husbands that the Yankcelanders, during a time of war, would ship the American wives of the * blarsted Britishers ' their dividends quarterly, or would they like tbem monthly '- ? (ft would the American Government confiscate not only the dividends but tbe principal as well? These are all-important queries, aad, do you koow, the time may come when sim;i.« C0DSid8rable iDt'est for L 