:: v. FllEG K JjES. v BY LILIAN CANDLER. ?' Madge, Meg, where are you. I say, Madge !' 'What do you want ? ' /' You, of course ; . jwhat els? do I ever want ! Where.,are you ? ' j ? ' 11 tJp in the apple tree, of course !' Where i : else do l ever get when I dori't'want tp be dis- ? turbed ? ' I . f* Then come down.' , ' What for ? Can't I.finish my chapter P ' No. come At once ; . I want to tell you something.' ' : --*Here, tben. catch the book.' And she dropt a copy of much used V Aspliodel ' out from the gnarled, pld branches of the lichen-grown apple tree over in the further corner of the orchard. 1 -Rningham Hurtley had by this time singled . out the favourite resting place of the girl, and now stood beneath the tree in readiness to. help 'her down or tb 'catch her should she jump. Tbe optn book descended flat on his upturned face, in her stead ; - and while he stooped to pick it ap and to gather together the loosened, .flutter ing pages, Madge swung herself down from her perch ' Well F ' she asked him. ' Whal's the matter ?. ' he made reply, star ing at her as he straightened himself/ ** That's what I want to know. You said you had something to tell me,' He stuffed the book into his pocket, and stepping towards ber took ber two hands in his. ?' What's up, Freckles ? You've been cry inp, ue saia. ' Well, I don't need to be told that when I did it myself,' and she laughed a little watery laugh through ber tears. ' What's the matter, dear ? Tell me all about it.*' And be took her two bands in his strong brown left one &bd; 'placed the other consolingly . round her sboalder. ' It's only the stupid old book, Bex, and I've read ittwice before.' ' Goes out and drowns herself, doesn't she ? 1 remember. Silly old Freckles ! Bat 1 say, ! by Jove, it suits you to cry, old lady ; makes you look awfully nice.'' *' Don't tease ; what have jou got to tell me ? ' and she rubbed her wet cheek up, and down his !cont cellar. ' ' *' Noth-ng that'll make you ciy, little one, but something that will make you so happy on nty uccouut.' ' ' ' *' Ob, Rei, what is it ? Won another 1 bicycle race aud got a jolly prize ? Or a rise in the office ? ' ' Guess again.' He seemed amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watch ing the tears vanish away, as she turned beg glowing face tb his. ' Dear, I can't guess ; tell me.' ' It's something jolly, and will be a sort of expected surprise to you, if I may use the expression.' ' Rex, you haven't been betting again, and won and bought the chestnut of Sir George's you wanted ? ' Her eyos looked very serious now, and. there was a pitiful conscious quiver about the mobile lips. ' No, -pon honour, I haven't betted since the time I promised you I wouldn't.' She said nothing, but with a happy little' sigh bf contentment she laid her head down on bis shoulder again. ' Well, If see I'll have to tell von,' said Rex ingham after a pause. 'You remember the artist wSio was strudc with your hair last year ? ' ' Ubm.' ' Well, it's something to do with bim ; can't you gUrbS ? *' She knit her brows and puzzled in silence., At last sh« said: ' No, I've no idea of anything about him that could concern , you except through me,' she added in au undertone. ' What did you say ? ' he asked quickly. 'I don't knowof anything that could coneerii you with regard to him. Have you seen him. lately ? ' 'No; but I're seen his sister.' '* Which sister ? Miss Rive or the- frisky, widow that was here ? ' ' Both ; but I mean Pauline — Miss Rive.' ' Well ? '? ' Can't yeu guess ? ' ' You don't mean she has asked you to ait for her and means to paint your portrait ? ' ' I didn't know she could paint people.' Didn't you ?' The retort sounded as if it half revealed a secret. But Rexingham did not notice it. 'Well, I'm engaged to her, that's all.and I'm just the luckiest- fellow in the world ! Isn't it jolly ?' Something startled him, it sounded1 us though a voice in the far distance arid yet somewhere quite near ejaculated'' Oh God ! ' And^but that the expression was so unfsminine,' and was moreover uttered rather in the tone of a supplication than an interjection, he might have fancied Madge had uttered it. just as she buried her face deep, in bis coat. ' Well,' he asked, after a pause, ' aren't you going to congratulate me ? ' Still she was silent. ' ' Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckles, haven't you a word of good luck for me ? Why- I used to think you were fond of ine little girlie, and so you are the first person I have told my bit of good news to.' He put his hand under her chin and turned her face towards him. The tears were all gone now, and so seemed to be the colour from her cheeks and the network of little suns pots which, had won her her pet name from him. stooil out iu bold relief against tbe unwonted paleness of her skin '* Whaf s the matter, Madge ? You look as - if you were choking. Have you got stifled there on my shoulder, dear ? :' Tbe ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was pone in an instant. ' I think I must have swallowed a piece of fluff off your coat,' sbe said, ' and .it stuck in my throat.' ' This engagement of yours is rather 6udden, my boy., isn't it The tone seemed somewhat anxious, aud tbe voice was that of Mrs. Hurtley, when, about an hour afterwards, her son bad sought her out to tell ber of bis piece of good luck. 'No, mother, not particularly. - We saw a good bit of the Rives last year, and I have often met them iu London since.'' 'I had 'no idea you admired that kind of girl,' said Mrs. Hartley. ' Oh. mother, I think she's awfully pretty, aud j- besides, sbe bas such a good figure, and really! tbe dearest little foot and ankle of any womap 1 lniow,'' ' ? Well, T suppose it is essential nowadays for-, a wife to have a good figure and. a pretty ankle,' said his mother, with just a touch of -something that was not like her usual kind self in her voice. - ' ' Have you told Marjory P' die asked after a pause. *? 'Of course I told Freckles just as soon as I got iu from the station. Tbey told me she was in the orchard, and I naturally sought out my; old playmate at once.'' . ' And what did she say, how did she take it r' asked Mis. Hurtley anxiously. *' Oh, she didn't say much, she was a bit surprised at first, and, besides, just 'as I was. telling her a fly flew down her throat or some thing, and she had to swallow that first. After, a. bit she asked 'me if I were happy in my en gagement, and when I said, 'Rather ! 'she tcild me then so was she. I say.uiother.l want you to ask Pauline down here, and all iriight get up a little picnic or something. And — 1 should like it to be nice you know ; tbey are very rich ! ° | ' How dp you life my dress, Rex ? ' ' It's, charming. ' ' Btit you are not looking at it.' ' Wasn't I. Wear a thick veil then If you ? want people to uotice.your dfeas !? ' . She laughed, she was pleased, and yet con . fiidering how nsed Paulin«H)Ve must 'have been to compliments and flattery it seemed strange ' she could still feel so delighted about them. What are we going to do when we' get out of the train .? ' she-asked presently. ' Go straight to the river and meet Meg and the provisions there, and' tbat ^.lazy' brother of. yours if he remembers to'turn up.' ' Ob, Bex, it; will be awful if Jack doesnt come.! ' : ' Why ? I needn't do all the work. Madge can row.' ' No, I meant—* two's comfortable, three's a crowd, you know/' , ' Ob, Freckles doesn't count for an extra one; shfeis a. jolly aortof girl tbat way.' 'I don't t like Mi as Arleigh,' protested Pauline. ' ' Bat yoa mast since she and I are great chums, yoa taovr.' ' Yes, I know. I wish you were not.' 'WhyP' ' She's a funny sort of a girL Do you know what Jajck said of ber ? ' ' Bbt ^ack's mashed ; he'd say anvthinc. Whatw»sit?' - - ? r . ' He said, when be was so mad that time for her to sit for .him. you remember —' that girl \- a the sort they make heroines and murderess^ : ot.' He says red hair and that peculiar, dusky gtaw of colour which comes and goes «hder her 1 skin, means paission and strength of will. Does sbe ever get in a passion. Hex?' ' _ '-'Never; . she is the a weetest-tem pered woman I know ; bnt l don't suppuae Jade meant that Sort of passion. Here we are.' ? - As they jumped out of the train Madge met Ihtm on tbe platform. ''??I came to the station,', shesaid. to Rex after gfeeting Rive, 'iu cae you needed any help with the basket. Mr. Rive has not come/ Let me have the other side of that, Rex,' she said, suiting tl.e action fto the word, ' I'm so strong, 'and it lessens the weight so mrich for: two to carry it.' 'I could have helped Rex,' protested Pau line. Rex laughed. ' You help; indeed ! Why you age-only, half' my size ; and, besides, the strain would ppll that rig of yours out of gear!' '' u 'Besides, I am riiore used' to it ; am I not Bex 'answered Madgt-. turning to him. ' We've carried many n picnic basket down to the river between us, hnyen t we ? ' ' ct . pAtiVa An nnf-an^-Aiif kmnlr V ' ICS, iUttUge, ?« wuiraiiu-uuv uafUA. . And she never shirks her share,' be added with kindly , patronage, turning to Pauline. 'I suppose you have known Mr. Hurtley a very long time '? '' observed Pauline in a dis tinctly ' conversatioual ' tone. ' Not so very long ; I am only twenty-two,' replied Madge so brightly that to .suspect sar casm in tbe answer seemed treachery. ' I was three and Me& ten months old when mother adopted her,' explained Rex. ' Pauline vouchsafed no reply, but bit her lips and walked on. To her the remark seemed ill bred on Madge's part. They were soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat ; it seemed as if there would not have been loom for Jack Rive bad he come. ' Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingham ? ' asked Pauline as they started. ' Yes. if you sit still and don't wriggle about ; it isn't else.' ' Then why did you bring me out in it,' sbe exclaimed, in horror. ' Oh, Freckles and I always use this boat, and there is no choice between this and a much too lumbering affair.' ' Do you often go on the river, Miss Arleigh ? ' asked Pauline. *' A good bit ; in tbe holidays Rex and I are out nearly ,all day ; when I'm alone I generally go in a canoe.' ' Ah, dear, isn't that dreadfully unsafe ? ' ' Ob, no ; not if you know the rivet. But you really must sit still Miss Rive, it is diffi cult for me to steer, or for Rex to scull if tbe boat's riot trim.' ' By George \ it's riiore than difficult ; it's dangerous when a steamer comes along : ' ex claimed Hex. ** Oh, I'm So frightened ! Let's land soon, please,' entreated Pauline. ' Sit quiet for goodness sake, Li na, and you | will be all right. We must get down to Willow Bend before we open tbe luncheon baskets ! ' Miss Rive's courage rose, -and -her equanimity returned as she found tbat the boat neither turned iipside down nor ran into the bank as they proceeded, and sbe soon forgot her fears and the creases in-ker new dress, and actually began to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend tbey landed, and the baskets gave up their bidden store, much, too much of course as usual, as is the way of picnic baskets. ' I begin to miss Jack when the plates are unwrapped ; don't you ? ' remarked Hex, as having supplied the ladies, he began to fill his own. ' You seem quite as well able to dispose of the things,' laughed Madge. : ' Hasn't that boy an enormous appetite when he'6 in a good temper, Miss Rive ? ' ' I can't say I've noticed it,' - replied Pauline in quite an aggrieved tone. 'Oh, come now, haven't 1 been in a good; temper ever since you first smiled on me ? ' exclaimed Rex, with his mouth full of pie. They dawdled so long over their luncheon and then went ' jast a little lower down,' before turning back and again putting in at Willow Bend for a cup of tea, and it was such fun boiling the keUle and washing up the plates, and re-packing the basket, tbat it was growing ' dark by the tune the little party commenced their return journey by the river. EVen Paalirie Rive acknowledged tbat she had enjoyed herself— Rex was so joyful and' Marjory so quaint and msrry that she forgot that her gown puckered wherever the water' splashed on it, and that the rising mist was' bringing her hair out of curl. ' I'll scull home,' said Rex, ' and you steer, Freckles.' ' It's getting, awfully dark,' he 6aid pre-, sently, after working steadily for a quarter of an hour. ' Are we near the lock yet ?' ' Another sixty yards and we'll be inside,', answered Madge, peering into the darkness for! boats ahead. Ip tbe lock Madge wanted to change and' take the sculls to rest Rex a bit ; she thought, too, that he would prefer the seat next Pauline,' but Rex insisted on retaining the oars, he was not tired he.said ; andit wanted a man's stroke to get them home before it became quite dark.. When they emerged from the lock they: found tbe 'river very misty, besides' beiiijg over-, shadowed with trees now for the rest of the' reach home. ' I don't like this; I dont feel safe,' ex-' claimed Pauline. ' It's all right if we ate careful, «&d; Freckles; is a splendid steerer,' Rex assured her. ... Presently Madge said : ' Rex,, there is some thing in front bf us ; it looks as if .a great coal; barge had broken away from the tug and was' floating broadside on to us.' [ . Pauline Screamed. , - ' Give her plenty of room, then,' ordered: Rex, and Madge turned the boat into the-: middle of the stream, as the obstacle seemed Cominp down almost along the bank. Suddenly, as they came from tbe shadow of : the great bulk the lights from a.steam launch blazed in their eyes. Before they knew what, to ? oo the frail boat struck forcibly against some thing. ' We're lost ! We're lost !' cried Pauline. 1 'Sit still for God's salke, or wfe shall be,'' commanded Rex. ' Can you both swim ?' ' Slip loose your skirts,' whispered Madge,, ut Pauline flung herself on the side of the boat in a parpxysm of terror, and before they had. time to recover her, she had upset them all; into the water. . ' ' Help !' shouted Rex; 'we're capsized;': stop the screw.' , Madge found ' herself clinging to the side of' the boat, which had not turned over, bat had righted itself more than half full of water. Sbe caught at the wrist of-Pauline and placed her band on the boat too. : ' Hold on,' she cried, . ' we are all right but .even as sbe spoke she - felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her weight : it was evidently- leaking. . Soon she heard Rex close to her. ' Are you both together \- ' We are both here,'' answered Madge. ' Pauline js so quiet 1 fear she fainted or re ceived-attow.' ? 'We must struggle on to the barge; the steamer does not seem to have beard us, and has gone on.'' ' Save . Pauline.' cried. Freckles, as the bo&t; i sunk out of her grasp with a swish and a whirl j of black water. j Rex 1 seemed undecided. In that, supreme , moment the faithful affection of a lifetime ! seemed to outweigh' the passion of yesterday. j ' Save her,' repeated Madge ; ' I can ! swim !'' Rex struggled to the side of the barge, but it was too high out of the water to allow of any landing, burdened as he was, too, with the inanimate weight of the fainting Pauline. He j was a strong swimmer, and so by skirting the barge managed at last to gun tbe bank. There he deposited his future, wife. ' ^'reckle6,' he ; shouted, ' make for the bank. It s not so very far. ; go down stream a ' little and then come past the barge. Madge ! Madge 1 I v?Sil krep on shouting that you; may Imowwtueb way to turn; Or efeoat, dear, and I will come out to you !' No answeringshout relieved his hungry ears. ' Freckles !*? he cried wildly. ; '? Madge I Madge!' Still no answer, but in hi6 ears ran to the tune of the gurgling waters. ' Save ?her ; I can swim !' An 3 with that generous lie on her dying lipc Marjory's loving soul had tied out to eternity. 