AT SIXTEEN BELLS. The government of tho united Stales kcopfl for Itself a number of "reservu- Hons" throughout Uio country which ex ist from the potential necessity of killing foreigners lo defend Americans. Home of these i enervations are army posts and some of them naval stations, and one of these latter Is a navy yard on the I'aclfio coast, in California, This navy yard Is placed upon uu Island; the Island— call it Stulr Island- lies near the main land, and paralleled with It In a landlocked bay. Its general shape In elevation Is thut of a wedge standing in a high bluff in one end. where it faces the month of a river, and rrom thut eminence declining for a mile to the fiat part, where the navy yard buildings are disposed. Beycml this built and Inhabited por tion the real Island ends; but a low nm rub, almost at a level with tbe salt water, and called the tules, strelelie» out of sight. There Is a landmark which may serve to ilx tj„. point of demnrka- tlon bnwoon terra llrma and the marsh. This Viuit brick structure Is the steam engineering jlepnrtment, some hundreds of yards away front any other building. By day, In spile of the voices of wild fowl out nn the tulcs, the steam engin eering department Is desperately unin teresting, with Its surroundings of old rusted ships bollei-s und propellers nnd other condemned enginery, and with the din of forging ami riveting from within. But at night no lonely Is the situation that the memory of the commonplace noise and labor which were within the walls when lighted by the him seems to emphasise i:ow their utter abandonment to the gloom and solitude. A dilapidated sentry's box. long dis used. stands a-tilt. On either hand Is a gleaming of silent waters. One evening— f was an ensign on tlio little man-of- war Rover, which wan ly ing ut one of Uio navy yard docks— I left the ship und went up Into the yard lo cull on my friend, Paymaster Monroe, nn of ficer of tin station. Monroe was a wid ower and lived alone In the spacious quartern assigned to tho paymaster. lie was si man of wit and remin iscences. Ills library had become a ren dezvous for men who after dinner found themselves with no duty. Several other officers were with tho payuuiHter, or came In later. U wns New Year's Eve. We had amused ourselves for an hour or two wh.-n there was another ring at the door. Monroe went to the door him self. Ho brought back Johnston, a lieu tenant of murines, with his mvord on. "I have Juut tlmo for a cigar," said Johnston. "You know we change tho guard nt 12, and 1 have to get around to all tho posts before. Well, here'u to the new year," us the paymaster handed liltn a glass. " May It end with a rainless 'right, or may I not be the officer of the day to nee It outside again." "Is It raining?" Inquired two or three of us, for it hud not been raining when we had come In. But we were not sur prised at Johnston's assent; It was In Uie season. "By the way," someone said, " thoy ring the old yearout with sixteen bulls to-night, hiHlcad of eight." By the naval system of striking tlmo, of course, every 12 o'clock Is told by eight strokes of the bell. Sometimes tho midnight between two yours Is struck with a repetition of tin; eight. "Ych, the commodore mentioned It to Jackson, of my ship," 1 remarked. "It Is unusual, Isn't It?" "Fill up," said the paymaster to tho officer of the day. Johnston yielded to this encouragement. "By Jove, you remind me, said John ston, with the slowness of remembering something curious suddenly. "It wan at sixteen hells between 1850 and 1857 thut a marine officer was shot dotvh neur tho Biles. You know that empty sentry box down there near the steam engineering; you can't get a man to stand giiurd there since. The men won't stay there." "I never heard of thin," said Stedley, Junior paymaster and it BuUlmoreau. "Who shuL hhn? What Is the story?" "It seenu; to bo Indefinite, like other ghost stories," Johnston answered. "What I know is this: Tlio lieutenant's name, I think, was Rood; Reed hud a man In his command who'wab'ln love with some fair one In the town Over. the straits. Reed fell in luvo with her libn- hoI, and had the misfortune of her fulling In love with him, This 'disturbed thu private." "Mow natural" somebody dropped. "And he?" "Reed was the officer of the day," con tinued the marine, "nn thu night of New Year's Eve of 1850, That was In the wild, early days out hero, and tho officer of the day was always mounted. This Is the an niversary of that night, nnd this Rued was on the mine duty that I am on now, visiting thu posts before the change of the guard. "lie had been to all the others,, then rode out to thut box out towards the tules. You must have noticed IL Reed was on a white horse. Where did you get these cigars, Monroe? They are fine ly dried, ns they should be." ton brought from Panama with the Churlefitown. But I'll nsk you why ci gars ought to be dry, later; go on about lids Reed." "Yes, g.-i on," we said. "I hnvo told you all but tlio finish. It must have Ween almost midnight, us It wns near that hour when he left tho guurdhotiKa. Sixteen bells struck ut the guardhouse a Utile before the corporal came up with the relief to that oul-of- tlic-wuy post. "They found there the body of tho lieutenant, shot through the honrt, with his liore gone. 80 wns the sentry gone. Neither he nor the horse was ever , heard of. it vvus supposed that they went out over Hie tules to Uie main , land." "But you said something about u ghost." "Oh, of course, the ghost In Rced'H," lie 'answered. "Jfc rides from Uie sen try box out Into the tules every mid night at the bell, especially on this night, I suppose." "How InteresUng It would nil be," said SUalley, "If we were a. auperstlliouu people. It is a lonely place— a good scene for a murder and a ghost'. But how Is It that the ghost has his white horse, If the sentry rode the animal away? Perhaps the horse enmo back to his muster hi the spirit when he died. You snld Hint the men really refuse to stand duty there at night?" " That Is tho tradition at the bar racks," the lieutenant replied; "but I don't know, of course, because that sta tion was given up before 1 came. 1 sup pose it was naturally abandoned as a useless one." "Did you ever have the curiosity to go down there at midnight?" asked the paymaster. " I never really thought of It," naUI Johnston, rising. "My tour does not take me In that direction. Rut I have finish ed my cigar, Monroe, and 1 must get down to the guard house; It must be 11.39. I have been at the other places." "After thai, why don't you go down and inspect the spectre?" laughed a lieu tenant— Thorne. "You can make a re port to the commodore." "I report to my major, you know," said Johnston, a little sillily, "not to thu commodore. But no, thanks, Its too wet. I shall get back to my office as noon as possible, and compose myself for u novel all night, while nil of yon are In your beds or bunks. You staff and line can't say Hint the marine corps has nothing to do." , "I must go, too," I said. "Then the guardhouse will be on your way to Uie Rover." said Johnston. And, bidding (he rest good night, we went out together. It wan a sodden night Into which we had stepped out, dully mining as only 011 "the slope" It can rain, In the season. Ah we walked down the navy, yard I mentioned that the story he hod related struck me as more singular, than he seemed to lake It. "How many enlisted men have you at the barracks?" I asked. "A hundred and thirty about." " And how many stations have you sentries at night?" "Four." "I suppose that the number of marines never becomes fewer— with the drafts that you receive and send— than per haps eighty." "I fancy not," said Johnston. "But I don't follow you." - " My point Is simply that with the number of your men nnd the paucity of your night posts you could- easily keep up as many stations again and the duty still be light. "You suld that Uio sentry box where Reed was murdered lias been aban doned, probnbly ns useless. Why Is It useless? It was evidently meant for tho protection of tho stcatn engineering building, which contains costly ma chinery and tools. Tho hullrllnt? Is Isolated and near tho water of the strolls, und might readily be robbed by a boat from the town side. "Of course, T don't believe In ghosts, but It seenis to me that for. Homo reason or otlicr that the sentry box must have been abandoned not because it was supcrlluouu, but because, as Uio barracks' tradition hinted, as you gave R, men would not do duty there." "It Is odd," ho agreed. "And, as you say, we have men and to spurc to keep one posted there. Perhaps there natu rally would be one there. You are right, that building ought to be guarded; 1 do not understand why It is not." "But you will prefer your novel to a visit to Uie spot." "On' the contrary; though I can't imagine that we shall find anything but a soaking old sentry box; we will go and sec it together, if you will." The challenge rang from the guard house, which we had approached. "Officer of the day," answered my conipunlon, In the formula. "Advance, officer of tho day! Corporal of the guard!" The 'corporal of the guard appeared from the guardroom, from which IiIh men also turned out. They came to pre sent, nnd we saluted as we cume up. Lieut. Johnston exchanged some words with the corporal, leaving hhn some routine orders. lie had nothing further to do than this. "What time iu It, exactly, corporal?" he usked, as .we were about to turn uwny. "Quarter of 12, sir." "1 nin goihg to walk up to tho tules with Mr Drelgliton," he snld, to Inform the, soldier; then to ine: "We have easy time; It Is not a quarter of an hour's walk." However, when, In two or three minutes, we had left the pavements of Hie navy yard Itself, Hie ground lying between those and the marsh was sufficiently discommoding underfoot— Utc detestable ndohc mud, Hie tenacious clay whlgh old Mexican dwellings and missions have been built of. The steam engineering building loomed In front of us ut some distance, raising its ugly chimney up Into the sky, thus looking by lnstluctlvuness like a menacing giant. After stumbling over some pieces of old Iron, among the derelict machinery, as wc proceeded, the crazy watchhouse drew In view. We could see the dreary dim of thu night through its open sushes. "There In no ghost," said my com panion, as we looked Into tho little broken Interior, which could hurdly have held hot!) of us at once. He hud meant to jest, but our environment was too dreary for that. I merely replied thai It was hIx minutes before 12 yet, as Johnston stepped Into the box. He turned around In it. and came out again shuddering; the 'night was ns clilll as It was otlierwisudlsacreeable. T looked reason for my going in; tho whole was nothing hut a few upright plunks put together ht tin octagon. But, having bent Into this little Hole, I was Irritated with myself for n shiver which I did not attribute to the rain. "There Is no use. In walling," said Johnston, while wo stood off front the object. "Wo will wnlt for the- bells," I said. "As you will. But it is cold. Whut thnc Is It?" "Four minutes of — " We aloud side by side before the sentry box, probably each of us con gratulating himself that . If thu other knew that he wns a fool; he knew the satno tiling of hini. "Do you know," I snld, "that that thing slants beyond Its centre of gravity?" "It adheres to the mud," replied John ston. I looked at his face. In that glance T saw hltn pass his hands before Ids eyes nu if to free them from a veil. His ex pression was fascinated, und lie was trembling. 1 looked. I saw tho houso only as before. "It moved," he said. "There is flomo- one here. Go round that way— X go this." We went round, und met, on the sldu of the tulus, with their dlsmul bird notes. "Nonsense," I said. Johnston was silent, but tho next mo ment he was pointing. The object hud stood, with Us slant, before us. Our eyes upon It, wo saw 11 slowly, steadily raise Its sunken side, and erect Itself to tho perpendicular. It did not stay; It wavered; then, dis tinctly, It rolled; It waved, In a. slow rhythm, from sldu to side, before our eyes. Johnston swore. I clenched my hands. The box wns motionless In Its old posi tion. Johnston, with an utterance of the rage which Is a man's resentment of Ids own fear, threw hla shoulder upon the object. It toppled ut the impact, and fell over on the ground. Johnston sent his own sword Into the earth when- It had stood. It was ordinary ground, like that surrounding. Wo draw up from examining R, and we were racing each other, about to speak — but there was ». sudden noise. In the overturned sentry box there was u rapping and a batting; mi we looked we saw a lit lantern through the window, hurled repeatedly from one side to the other. Before' we could think or move an other sound rooted us where we stood— the thunder of hoofs, at short succes sion. They slopped short. The lantern had censed ami disappeared. Our eyes could discern no horse, no man, I heurtl birds screaming in the marsh, which had been alarmed by these sounds. Suddenly 1 thought that my com panion hud discharged a revolver— but the detonation which rang In the air waa not his shot. There sprung up from tho prone house something white. It took form. In Its silent celerity It was ' like the approach of a cloud's shadow; thu white mass— a white man on a while horse— lightly hurled Itself upon us— it swept over us! Johnston was down; 1 staggered back with a knock on the cheek. Wo. marked the snowy bulk on its soundless career away down the land, pursued by tho sixteen hells of the new year, which rang from the yard and followed it into the vaporous tulekuul, where the alarmn of the frightened fowl surrounded Its (light. Chnscd.by the (lying notes of the bell, there we lost It, down the night-vague, level distance of tho marsh, the headlong dash of its fugitive gray. Johnston told me two week's later that the bruises still remained on hiq ribs, though the marks on my cheek did not last so Jong. It was the rider's boot that struck mo.— "Boston Globe." 