STRAY THOUGHTS. As oontlnuod health Is vastly preferable to the happiost recovery from illness, so is imnconco superior to the truest repentance. Love is good, and does good wondrously without thinking about it, and without knowing it. Love does good by deeds and words, and without deeds and words—by touches, by lcoke, by glances. It Is not what men doubt, but what they believe with mind and might, tho faiths they assimilate and reproduce In conduct and character, that eavo them from sin and make them Btrong to do and endure. People often oulegieo praotico when they moan only routine, boasting themselvos as practical itoachers, intending thereby that they do only what has always been done, and do not mean to do any better to-morrow than they did yesterday. The man who Intelligently thinks and sots for himself will respect the same characteristic In others, and will extend the same hospitality and sympathy of thought and word that ho desires for himself; whereas mere similarity, formed by a weak imitation, affords no mere coherenoo than do grains of sand in the same vessel. Patience says " Be not aghast , Hold hope and truth within thee fast, And let Fortune-work forth her rage." The one gift t® give to children is the power of self-control. Give them tho habit of it and the knowledge to understand when they should take themselvos in hand. That is worth a fortune in Itself, and is far better than the “machine drill’’ of enforced obedienoo. The child that 1b restrained by orders only will be rare to fly back, like a released spring, as soon as the pressure Is removed. Lst It be taught to appeal to itself, to judge for Itself In little matters of the naraery, or in matters of dispute with others. When we feel with another, w« shall be keen to deteat the oauses of his joy and pain, and qniok to promote the one and torn aside the other. Men and women, to lead worthy lives, mnst have a just respeot for others. What ever tends to realiko and to strengthen these promotes hntnin welfare. Praotloe and theory mnst go together. Theory withont praotioe to test it, to verify it, to correot it, Is idle speculation ; bnt praotioe withont theory to animate it is mere mechanism. In every art and business theory is tho sonl and practice the body. The sonl withont the body in which to dwell is indeed only a ghost, but the body without a soul is only a corpso. Many things lightly o.alm our atten tion ; bnt none of them will receive it aright If our thoughts wander aimlessly from one te another withont a guide. Tho parent who discovers that ho may rightly yield to the tenderness ho feolB for his ohlld is in some danger of forgetting the paramount duty of training him to forti tude and endnranoe. What soothos raftering, what sanctities labonr, what makes a man good, strong, wise, patient, bone valent, just and at the same time hnmble and great, worthy of liberty, Is to havo before bim the perpetual vision of a bettor world oasting its rays through the darkness of this life. None are truly happy but those who are busy; for real happiness lies only in useful work of some kind, oithor of the hand or the head, so long as over- exertion of cither is avoided. It should be the aim of every one to be employed. If all men and women were kept at some useful employment, there would be leas sorrow and wiokodnoaa in the world. Life consists, not in the abundance of things that we possosB, but In tho good and honest work that we do. The habit of concentration docs not necessarily make a person so absorbed in one thing bb to become narrow and one sided. Ho may become so by yielding wholly to a native impulse of dwelling on one thing: bnt the stme self-control that concentrates his energies at will can also divert them at will into another channel when the proper times arrives. Thing said ie said, and forth it gooth, Though thou repent it, or be loth. Enjoy life while yon can, but be ever ready to work when called upon. Here is a danger-Bignal against the mistake which some ptople make who regard enjoyment as the object of life and work as an un fortunate accident. Whoever oan work with tho best heart, seal, and industry can, as a rale, play with the most pleasure. The consciousness of duty negleoted will oast a veil over the brightest enjoyment. In the aotusl praotioe of dally life you will find that wherever there 1b aecrooy, there is either guilt or danger. It is not possible bnt that there ahonld be things needed to be kept secret; but the dignity and safety of human life are In the precise measure ol Its iranknoss. There is no fear for any child who is frank with his father and mother; none for men or women who are frank with God, 