Achieving His Ransom. I CHAPTER XII.— (Continued.) I wo or threu masked men came kurriedly through the car, picking up such valuable* as thu Others hud lott. Tho beautiful girl shrank from thom, nnd actually clung to her preserver, who, forgetful thut he *vns one of the same desperate band, whispered words of encouragement in her cars. He had only tirao to glance at that marvelously lovely face, to gaze for a moment into tho liquid depths of thoaoEoft dark eyes, then the tliriP. whit tle of the chief sounded on the air, and his deep, Stentorian voice was heard, saying : 'To horse and a^ay !' ' Farewell !' he whispered to the beautiful un known. ' May Qod ble?s and save you !' The tender look which accompanied this ejacu lation went down to the heart of Arthur Westfall to remain to his dying d ay. Often on his long night rides he found himself dreaming strange dreams, from which hp would awake to say : ' No, no, ho w foolish ! I am a poor outcast, and worse, a robhor with a price set on my head, ft is folly ; it is madness, but it :r pleasant. She must be the daughter of some wealthy man, some great man, and can never he anything to me, not I to her.' Strange to say. Arthur tv&i; never evfiu rebuked by the handitti for saving the young lady. The band made a halt that night and nil next day in a dense wood. Arthur's degradation seemed to become greater every hour of his life, until 'he actually came to despise himself. Sometimes he tried to flni some excuse for hia career, hut there was none. ' There can never be an excuse for a crime,' he thought. ' Dearii by starvation isjsweet compared with the rnoet luxurious life of an outlaw.' As wii3 their custom after a deprpdation, the robbers disbanded and scattered among tlK-ir friends. Arthur and two others went to the homo of a farmer named Thrailkill, who kept them con cealed, while the officers were scouriug the country in search of the train robbeis. Half-a- dozen bus picious pei sons were arrested and held in gaol a while, but for lack of proof discharged, and the affair died away. A week after the robbery, Arthur Westfall, in his room i,i the attic of the farmhouse, for the hun dredth time took thedelicate handkerchief from his pocket to gaze on it, and dream over it. In doing so this time his finger tips came in contact with the letter he had taken from the mail car on thut night of tho robbery, nnd which he had en tirely forgotten. He drew it. from his pocket and gazed on it in amazement. Despite all our philoso phy, wo are BUbjeet to etrango influences and cir cumstances that seem to shape our destiny. Arthur found himself possessed of an irresistible desire to read his uncle's letter, but ho could havo given no valid reason for doing so. He opened the envelope and took tho lotter from it. Spreading it out be fore him, ho proceeded to read, nnd as ho read, amazement was depicted on every lineament of his features, Tho lotter was as follows : 'Law Oilier, oi- Allen CitAVRvsromO ? ' Richmond, Va., Aug. 17, 1879. f ' .Mr. Gr.oitcn Wkathehiiv— 'Dear Sir i In answer to your last In regard to llio estate ol your nephew anil ward, Arthur WcBtfall, I will state tlrnt It In rnady to bo turned over to him nt anytime. In cash, bank stocks at par vnluc nnd unqucHtioricd securities, it will reach Suite hall a million dollars, 01 course, If your nephew was end, you would be hla only heir. II' It is true, as you sny, that lie li'iH been guilty of robbing his employer, Muric Hunt, aud liiui been compelled to ily thu country, and can bo kopt nway seven years without being board from, It would jUBlily you in appropriating the money yoursell. Should Yvestlnll, however, learn that IicIb heir tonuoli a vast fortune; ho might retu ii, disprove the churgo and make us a great deal ?f trouble. You bud better keep tho matter a profound secret ?ntll Wottlull in well outof the oountry, and then you oun tako charge ol the estate in perleot sulety. I accept the tonus you offer me, and will help you all I oan for the Bum agiccd upon. Hut. tlilB is rlBky business for both of us, and If we should bo dinoo .ered It might place both of us behind prison bars; so destroy thin letter, so tliore may not be any record testimony agalnut us, VVrlto ineat. onoo and tell mo whero WoBtfolllB, und If there Is any likelihood of dlspoBlngof him for goodi ' ' Yours truly, Am.kn CitAVENsroitn,' Starting up, Arthur struck his forohoad with the palm of his hand, and said : , 'Heavens! I am the victim of nn outrageous plot. I will go at once and lay this letter bofore some lawyer and — ' He pauHed. No, he davod not tell a lawyer that he was Arthur Westfall, That name was connected with orime, and an investigation might trace him to thu last train robbery. He was poworloss to olnitn his own or punish those who had, with such consummate art, planned his ruin. Meohimically hn drew tho delicate handkerchief from hii bosom, pressed It to his lips for tho thous andth time, whilo his mind wandered to tho soft, dark-eyed owner. Ho wna heir to a fortune, which, if thoio was no stain upon his name, might innico it posBiblo for him to win her. But tho awful reulity reHnnodi ho waB a robber, with a price set upon his hood. He groanod and sunk into a chair. CHAPTER XIII. I CATHIt's REVELATION, Tlio forest about tho deserted villnge of Newburg was largo, The trees woro oak and hickery, tall, broad-armed, proud of thoir strength and ago and wealth of leaves. Every troo, liko thoso of the 'ehadio wood' In whioh Lady Una wandered with tho Red-Cross Knight, was ' yolad with summer's pride.' Nor. content with this, oaoh forest monarch was decked out in graceful gray moss, which tho languid summer brooKQ soarcely stirred that hot August day. A ssig-ssiig fonuo ten rails high, 'staked nnd rlrlorod,' that had onoo run along tho road lending to Nowburg in its prosperous days, inulosing a vast area of foroat, was out of repair. Tlio rails woro deoayod in noma places, and had beon thrown down in others, Sometimes great Raps were to bo seen, where tho abaonoo of tho forioe was aooentuuted by a vigorous growth of fiAHtafras and poku-bi'rry. Prom ono of thoso gaps, whore the growth had beon prevontud by tho tread of many foot, a broad path lod to tho oontro of tho wood, where tho negro ohuroh was to bo found, A rtido structure _ it was, built of unplainod plno plunks sot upright, Tlio windows woro oxaotly what tho primary meaning of, tlio word would in dicate — wind'doursi for being of wood, no light could ponutruto thom, Bnvo whoro somo knot per mitted it to assume tho seinblanoo of a fiery ball. A rude paling hud onoo onolosod tlio ohuroh, hut now only a stray plank lying lioro and thoro among tlio bramble bushes aud ' jiinpson weeds,' told of its existence i and tho oattlo waudorod not only through tho woods but up to tho vory door of tho tahernaolo. On one ooousion, juHt about twilight, an old tuuloy oow poked her head into oneof the doors that hung half open on rusty IiIukos, and lowed so mournfully that littlo bluok Sam, who had run away from homo to osiiopo a whipping by allowing his mother's wrath ho subside, wan so fi lghtonod that ho crunched clown oloser behind tho rudo pulpit aud tronililod with fright, Not that ho was afraid of tho oow, Oh no 1 Thni'n iviLM thn tnt-rlh1fi nnnaf bllll-.v Miuh t.blu lugubrious sound ooinirg from tho ohuroh might awnko tlio ' hants' and tlio 'sporlls might uomn Hooking from thoir usual stalklng-ground, tho tfrnvoyurd baok of tho building, Saurooly had the ooho of the sound died away, whon footsteps woro hoard, Sam .raised his hoad, and In tho dim twi light saw tho form of a man ontorlng tlio door, , It was too dark for his features to bo lnndo out, nnd all that Sam knew of him was that ho was tnll »na had n rmnaikublo rosoinblanoo to tho douorlp. tion that hud boon glvon him of tho guerrilla who hud boon lmngerl to thn big oak dowu under tlio lilll, Thoru was glmttUlnosK nbmib his features nn noon In tho twilight, and tho runaway nogro boy WftB poreuudod that ho saw bright tips of blue nnd phosphorescent light, nuolt an ghosts aro supposed to omit from their mntorultood bodies, 'Tho hour has almost ooiiiol' nnld tho ghost, In a low, hollow, and utmost nopulohral tone, flam oould endure no moro, nnd oindo a frantic la up for tho window at tlui ronr, Ho struck thu Iionrd slmttor with a uraiih, and foil buulc liko a wouudod bub, Next moment ho was (mined by'u fibrong hand, and hurled from thn door of tho old Jtouce with a violence that almost jolted bhu bruutli from liln body. Huiwas on hla foot and running boforo lio itnu hardly conscious of Mio faot. Down the path ho flour lo tho gap In tho fonao, half a mile from Unolo .Ttoubpn'o Nowburg (avorn, Somo one wan doming in alt. tho gap just as ho wau going out, nnd nn bo{;li woro travailing on the imino lino n oolllulon wan In oviUbln, Sumo ran plump Into aome one, and hud his onru bnxod for his oaralowitionn, ' . ''Shin Siiaroo, what you moan n-ruunln' lobar Ma dab wayP'arlod a voloo wolMcitown to tho j Wifllituuod boy, ' ' Dat yon, Uno Cater ? Dat yon ? Oh, golly, doan ye let um git me ! Doan ye let nm git me !' ' Who goan t' git ye 't What ye mean, ye no account nigger?' ' De ghosts— do ? bants,' Unc Cater ! Dey after mo right now.' ' Shet up yo' foolishness, chile, an' tole tne whut de matter wid ye.' The boy was so frightened that it was some time before Uncle Cater could get him sufficiently quieted to tell his story. It waB a torrible story of a spectre entering the church and seizing him by the shoulders and burling him from the building with such force that his neck was broken. Uncle Outer's blood ran cold, and he could feel his white wool almost start on end. He gave Sam a lecture on disobedience to his mother and on ' desiecra tin' de house o' de Lawd' by hiding in it to es cape a justly deserved whipping, and sent him home, while he returned to tho tavern. The old darky kept tho story to himself, but often, when alone, pondered over the remarkable adventure of Sam at the church. Three evenings later, just at dusk, Mr. Howard ciine to the tavern and let Cater take bis horse to the barn. He was quiet, grave, and mysterious us over. He appeared at others nt supper, how ever, and m-»d« some remark about perplexing busi ness matters. As he was going, with his wife and children, to her room, he met Flora on the landing, and remarked that sbe was too Bad fcr a young girl. 'At your time of life you ought to be happy, 'Sorrow is no respecter of persons or age, Mr. Howard.' After a grave and thoughtful silence for a mo ment, he answered : 'You are right. Evpn childhood has its vexa tions aud annoyances. We commence life crying over a broken toy, and we end it regretting we can't hi,ve our own way. After oil, the suge ia only a grown-up child.' ' Do we suffer more for ourselves or for others ?' With a curious smile, he answered : 'Miss Wellw, it seems to me that half the world ia born to 'make themselves miserable, and the other half is born to be miserable from sympathy.' ' I believo it. Will you romain long P' ' No j I leave in the morning.' ' You are gone a great deal. ''Yes. it is business — vexing business.' His wife bad gone to her room, and he started to follow her, Init when he reached the door suddenly paused, and, returning to where Flora stood at the hall window, said : ' Wife tells mo you havo a great sorrow — that — that a young man whom you respect — and — nnd love haB been accused of a crime P' I ' She has told you all ?' ' Yns.' '? Mr. Howard, she said you might bolp him. IIa7i- you any influence P' ' I cannot say that I have. I know but fow pooplo in power.' ' He is innocent, Mr. Howard. I know ho is innocent.' With his eyes on tho floor, ho gravely an swered .- ' I believo you.' 'Thank you, Mr. Howard 1 I am vory glad you believe him innocent.' ' Many, many peoplo aro wrongfully acc^ed. Many people who are innocont aro mado to i^iTer for the offonces of tho guilty.' J ' Iiut they cannot make him. You will not let him bo convicted, will you, for you must know lie is innocont?' , Ho started back, and fixed his steel-blue eyes on her face, and askod's ' How can I know anything of bis guilt or inno cence P' ' But to simply gaze on his face is to find him innocent.' ' But, my dear young lady, I havo never had an opportunity of gazing on his face.' ' True, I had forgotten that, Mr. Howard. But if you knew him aB I know him, you would know that ho toll8,the truth.' The -ttrango man bowod his bead, and said : ' Well, I am convinced that your lover must bo innocent, though I never saw hitn. You havo interested mo iu him, and if I can do anything for him I shall.' Ho then bado bor good night, and wont to hie room. Flora thon retired, and, having passed bo many sleepless nights, was soon in the land of slumbers. Old Cator that night had taken his dogs and gone to the wood to hunt for ooons and opossums. Tho sky «n-- oloar, and the moon still ahono brightly on his return, Ho had oauglit throo opossums and one coon, nnd quite olated at bis suocosb, paused near tho old shed to gaze on his prizes with admiration. ' Dem'a fine, fat follows,' said tho old man. ' Wish do fur war good, but dis hain't no season for fur. Aggy, sho roast um.' Fooling the ribs of ono opossum, he addud t ' Golly, ain't him a fat un I Why, him ez fat oz him kin bo i make a good roast. Now, of we only had somo awoot matatara,, wouldn't he go good — ' Somoono stirring at tho houso caused tho old man to stop within tho shadow of tho wood-liouBO, and whlBpor: ' Who dat comin' P Golly, it am dat Mr. Howard' Gwino away ag'in, iz ho P Sod ho war gwino tor atay all night, when ho oomo,' ? (To be continued.) 