A HOLY GHOST LIFE. Samuel Morris was a Kru boy, an African of the African, a pure negro, probably about twenty years old. He was a resident of Liberia, where he was em ployed among English-speaking people as a houBe-painter, and where he first found the XlUlUi A missionary girl came from the Far West to go out under Bishop Taylor, and, as I was secretary for the Bishop, I re ceived her. I had become intimately acquainted with the Holy Ghost, and, of course, was full of Him. I talked from the abundance of my heart to her of Him. I told her if she would receive Him she would be a success in Africa, and would not &e; sick, nor lonesome, nor wearied. He ?would be her strength, wisdom, and com fort, and her life would be a continual psalm of praise in that dark continent. She hearkened, desired, consented, asked, and ' He came— an abiding Presence. She reached her station, settled down to her ' ' , ? 3 ? J31 ? ? V7orK| contented, Dies&eu;, turn nappy. This Kru boy heard of her arrival, and walked miles to see her and talk about Jesus. She was filled and overflowed with the Holy Spirit, and was glad to pour out of Him on Samuel. He became enthused, ?and he desired and was determined to know the Comforter Divine. Journey after journey was made; hour after hour was spent in conversation on the darling scheme ; when Bhe, wearied with a constant repeti tion, said : ' If you want to know any more you must go to Stephen Merritt of New York ; he told me all I know of the Holy ?GhoBt.' He said: 'I am going— where is he?' She laughingly answered, 'In New York.' She missed him ; he had started. Weary miles he walked before reaching the ocean. As he arrived on the shore, a sailing ship dropped her anchor in the offing, and a small boat put ashore. Samuel stepped up and asked the captain to take him to New York. He was refused with curses and a kick, but he answered, ' Oil, yes, you will.' He slept on the sand that night, and was again refused. The next morning, ' nothing daunted, he made the request again the third time, and was asked by the captain, ' Wfyat can you do?' and he answered, 'Anything.' Thinking he was an able-bodied sea man, and as two men had deserted, leaving him short handed, he asked, 'What do you want ?' meaning what pay. Samuel said : 'I want to see Stephen Merritt.' He said to the men in the boat, 'Take this boy aboard ' He reached the ship, but knew nothing of a vessel or of the sea. The anchor was raised and he was off. His ignorance brought much trouble ; cuffs, curses, and kicks were his in abundance ; but hiB peace was as a river, his confidence unbounded, and his assurance Bweet. He went into the cabin to clean up, and the captain was convicted and converted ; the fire ran through the ship, and half or more of the crew were Baved. The ship became a Bethel, songs and shouts of praise re sounded, and nothing was too good fur the uncouth and ungainly Kru boy. They landed at the foot of Pike Street, E. R., and after the farewells were said, Samuel, with a bag of clothing furnished by the crew (for he went aboard wiih only a jumper and overalls, with no shots), stepped on the dock, and stepping up to the first man he met, said : 'Where's Stephen Merritt ?' It was three or four miles away from my place, in apart of the city where I was utterly unknown, but the Holy Spirit arranged that. One of the Travellers' Club was the man accoBted and he said ; ' I know him ; he lives on the Eighth Avenue, on the other Bide of the town. I'll take you to him for a dollar.' 'All right,' said Samuel, though he had not one cent. They reached the store just ? as I was leaving for prayer- meeting, and the tramp said : ' There he is ' Samuel stepped up and said, ' Stephen Merritt?' ' Yes 1 ' 'I am Samuel Morris ; I've just come from Africa to talk with you about the Holy Ghost.' ' Have you any letters of introduction ? ' No ; had no time to wait.' ' Well, all right ; I'm going to Jane Street prayer- meeting. Will you go into the mission next door ? On my return I will see about your entertainment-' ' All right.' ' Say, young fellow,' said the tramp, ' Where's my dollar ? ' ' Ob, Stephen Merritt pays all my bills now,' said Samuel. '* Oh, certainly,' said I, as I passed over the dollar. 1 went to tne prayer-meeting, ne to the mission. I forgot him until just as I put my key in the door, about 10.30, when Samuel Morris .flashed across my remem brance. I hastened over, found him on the platform with seventeen men on their faceB around him ; he had just pointed them to Jesus, and they were rejoioing in His par doning favour. I had never seen such a sight. The Holy Ghost in this figure of ebony, with all its surroundings, was indeed a picture. xmnK, an uncultured, uncoutn, unculti vated, but endowed, imbued, and infilled African, under the power of the Holy Spirit, the firBt night in Amerioa Winning souls for Emmanuel—nearly a score ! No trouble now to take care of him. He was one of God's anointed ones. This was Friday. Saturday he stayed around. Sunday, I said, 'Samuel, I would like you to accompany me to Sunday sohool. I am the superintendent, and may ask you to speak.' He answered, 'I never was in Sunday-school, but all right.' I smilingly introduced him as one Samuel Morris, who hid come from Africa to talk to the super' intendent about the Holy Spirit. I know no j what he said ; the school laughed ; and as he commenced, my attention was called, and I turned aside for a few moments. when I looked, and lo! the altar was full of our young people, weeping and sobbing. I could never find out what he said, but the presence and manifested power of the Holy Spirit was so sensible that the entire place was filled with His glory. The young people formed a 'Samuel l^orris Missionary Society,' and secured money,, clothes, and everything requisite to send him off to the Bishop Taylor Uni versity at Fort Wayne, Indiana. The days that passed while he was waiting to go were wonderful days. I took him in a coach, with a prancing team of horses, as I was going to Harlem to officiate at a funeral. I said, Samuel, I would like to Bhow you something of our city and Central Park.' He had never been behind horses nor in a ooach, and the effect was laughable to me. I said, 11 Samuel) this is the Grand Opera House,' and began to explain, when he said, ' Stephen Merritt, do you ever pray in a coach ? ' I answered, 'Oh, yes, I frequently have very blesBed times while riding about.' He placed hiB great black hand on mine, and turning me around on my knees, said ' We will pray,' and for the first time I knelt in a coach to pray. He told the Holy Spirit he had come fiom Africa to talk to me about Him, and I talked about everything else, and wanted to show him the church, and the city, and the people, when he was so desirous of hear ing and knowing about Him ; and he asked Him it He would take out of my heart things, and so fill me with Himself, that I would never speak, or write, or talk, only of Him. There were three of us in that coach that day. Never have I known such a day— we were filled with the Holy Ghost ; and He made him the channel by which I became instructed and then endued as never before. Bishops have placed their hands on my head, once and again, and joined with elderB of the church in ordaining servioes, but no' power came in comparison. James Gaughey placed hiB holy hands on my head and on the dead of dear Thomas Harrison, as he prayed that the mantle of Elijah might fall on the Elishas — and the fite fell and the power came ; but the abiding of the Comforter was received in the coach with Samuel Morris ; for since then I have not written a line or Bpoken a word, or preached a sermon, only for or in the Holy Ghost. Samuel Morris was an instrument in the iTa1« e ? ? ? l ? z unuuo ui lu© x-luij upiiiu iui iiiiu giuatei; a Liu grander development of Stephen Merritt in the wonderful things of God. He went to Fort Wayne. He turned the university upside down. He lived and died in the Holy Ghost, after accomplishing his work ; and as the Holy Ghost man or woman never dies, so the life of Samuel Morris walks the earth to day, and will live as long as I remain, and will never die. At his funeral three young men who had received the Holy Spirit through his instruction, dedi cated themselves to the work of God in Africa, to take the plaoe of 8amuel Morris. His life in the University, his death, and the influence he exerted, may be learned from the President at Upland, Indiana, or from Dr. Wright of Washington, D. C. —Bombay Guardian. 