A French Prophetess Up-to-date people in the present day pride themselves upon an enlightened (scepticism in regard to much which their forefathers held to be immutable truth. But no story is too absurd, no pretension too ridiculous, for the same advanced persons to swallow when its coloring happens to strike their fancy. The latest instance comes from Paris, where the countrymen of Voltaire and Renan have given what Interest they can spare from politics to the avatar of the Angel Gabriel, who whn is to be hp seen in the verv very appropriate situation of the Rue de Paradis. Wordsjsrorth spoke of the "old credulities to Nature dear," with regret that they were no longer permitted to bloom upon the stock of history." Cases like this of Mdlle. Conedon, otherwise known as "the Modern Prophetess," show that Wordsworth gave himself quite a premature concern. History, it is true, no longer turns a credulous eye upon Johanna Southcott or the Cock Lane Ghost, the Devils of Morzine or the Virgins of Loudun, with which some far more respectable stories have gone by the board. But, in return, the spirit which engendered the mediaeval faith in witchcraft and possession is still alive, and finds a home in the bosom of Matthew Arnold's "average sensual man," no (matter how differently he may choose to express it. No story which bears on the supernatural is too grossly improbable to be welcomed with open arms by those who cater for the popular taste. Whether a hypnotist proposes to outdo the deeds of witchcraft, or Mr Edison gulls a reporter with absurd tales of impossible warlike engines, or a faithhealer claims supernatural assistance for his unproved cures, or the Angel Gabriel discusses Egyptian politics, the gobemouches are ready to gape for ihis story, and the sciolists hasten to build new theories of the universe upon his "facts." In all ages the great majority have been equally credulous. But our time professes to be an age of science, and that is the curious part of the business. The fact is that modern scientific progress has passed clean over the heads of ordinary people; it exists only in the ampler ether of laboratories, the serener air of philosophical transactions. The truly marvellous results of science have impressed themselves on the general mind; while the methods which led to them, and by which they are weighed, remain High and aloof, Safe from the wolf's black jaw and the dull ass's hoof. Those who see on all hands such practical miracles, as the steam-engine, the telephone, and the phonograph, who accept the conclusions of the bacteriologist and the astronomer, see nothing more surprising in telepathy or astrology, since they have no conception of the toilsome processes by which science sifts the false from the true. Both France and America have lately furnished such striking instances of this that it need be no great matter of surprise if we shortly see another Johanna Southcott in this country, talking a blasphemous jargon of the Second Coming, and making a handsome living by thcsale of six thousand four hundred Seals of Salvation, at the price of twelve shillings to a guinea apiece. The mission of the French "prophetess" consists in sending her mouth to the Angel Gabriel, who speaks by it with the object of saving as many souls as possible. Great catastrophes, according to her, are at hand : the friendly Archangel has predicted that a large part of the globe will soon be destroyed by a visitation from Heaven, and that France, after falling a victim to the most sanguinary of all her Revolutions, will soon be reduced to half her present size. The Parisians are so eager to listen to this rigmarole at first hand that Mdlle. Conedon is engaged a month ahead, as if she were a successful play at the Lyceum. Poor and rich alike, Jews and proselytes, atheists, and Freemasons, princes of science and princes of the Church, the clergy and pious churchgoer crowd her ante-rooms. The scientific opinion, indeed, is that of Dr Dumbnt- Pallier, who has described the young lady in question as une folle et une farceuse. But scientific opinion has the very smallest influence upon the popular mind, whiGTa is too hungry for the marvellous to consider whether it is digestible. Further evidence of that is supplied by the recent excitement into which the United States were thrown by Schlatter, the New American Messiah, as his disciples called him. This impostor rose at a bound from a cobbler's stall to a station in the celestial hierarchy quite too exalted to be named. After a fast of seventy-five days—what a chance for the late Mr Barnum !—he began faithhealing, with the usual success attendant on such claims. The halt, the blind, and the curious flocked into Denver from all parts of Colorado, "the holy blissful Schlatter for to seeke," and quite a number of them said they were cured. Schlatter at once went to the top of the medical tree. Letters from the suffering poured in at the rate of over a thousand daily. Handkerchiefs were blessed and sent out to those who could not" attend in person, and by their means a boy "suffering from a terrible chronic catarrh . . . was entirely cured," and the world was gravely assured that "the sensation of touching the hand of Schlatter was something like an electric current being turned on." So widely was his fame spread that a special service was started by the Union Pacific Railway, by which a happy day at Denver and a selected miracle were placed within the reach of thousands of excursionists for a dollar.—"World." 