CEH f'Al.Y CORRESPONDENCE Our Morninjr c-nteuipoiavy lias 5>een pleased Jo make public certain comi- pondence tigntvl by the distinctly original pseudonyms of " Onlooker " and •• Katepayer," and to head ihcm with ihecjuallv Ji'ivttl title of " Vox 1'opuli." liy way of variation we would suggest the use of " Pro Bono Publico." and "A Subscriber of Twentv Minute- Standing," which, as every,.me will acknowledge, are quite as fresh and new a* tho>e which wc have just quoted. The allusions to the claims put forward l>y Mr. Macdonald's committee we pass by, as thev are fully dealt with elsewhere, but Ix-forc going on to the object of this reply, wc inay remark in passing that the raising of the municipal ghost of James .Shaw at this juncture is a stupid blunder. If there one thing nviv creditable than the acts of Mr. Macdonald. to which we have alluded previously, ii is his determined opjx-itiou to thedicereditable quai-ry reserve job, which would have converted a valuable public asset to private uses. The Mayor's resistance prevented this loss to the town, and this alone should secure his return if the rate- payers have one spark of gratitude or common sense anto. g them. The allegation which follows, that Mr. Shaw really inaugurated the Macdonald policy which has done so much for the town duiing the past nine months is. to put it mildly, entirely false. Mr. f>haw did great services to this city, and although the cjuarry reserve affair has thrown a cloud over his otherwise excellent municipal reputation, we believe that, were Mr. .Shaw here, he would be a supporter ot a;r. Macdonald, and would utteilv repudiate the idea of taking from that gentleman the credit which justly belongs to him Then - Onlooker " goes on to say :— But now let me come to an aspect of the case which is of very much graver import. Coolgardie. we know, is not at present too much in favor with the jjowers that be in Perth. •• Hang the powers that, be." I hear Mr. Macdonald and \\\K\fiins achates. Mr. Vosper. exclaim. But they and their followers appear to be blind to the fact that these powers be, and tliat if Coolgardie is wise she will use these powers to the best advantage, not abuse them. They are a means to an end, and, as such, should* Ixi exploited for all they are worth. Now, what is the attitude of Mr. Macdonald to Sir John Forrest .' From personal observation, I should judge that, if not one of open hostility, it is one of dangerously armed neutrality. * To the fact that Mr. Macdonald* is not a persona, grata to the Premier, and that he is supported by Mr. Vosper and the MIXES in his attitude towards the Government, may be attributed in a great measure the loss of* the Menzies railway from Coolgardie and its transference to Kalgoorlie. 1 "would be the last to advocate a policy of slavish adulation towards Sir John Forrest, but so long as he is in power it must be to tbe iutensts of Coolgardie and tbe fields in general to recognise the high ijosition he holds and the weighty responsibilities be is entrusted with, and nothing can be gained by flouting and baiting him. And. talking of adulation, most of vour readers must remember a letter from*Mr. Macdonald to Sir John Forrest (March loth last), couched in such sickening terms of crawling adulation that it was reprinted in the SIIXEE. and brought down a holocaust of wrath and anathemas from that journal unmistakably penned by the same hand that is now patting - Mac "*on the back. Now. what does all this meanThe writer repudiates all idea of "adulation/" but in the same breath invites us to lick the foot which spurned us. We have been flouted, despised, robbed, aud illtreated by the Perth gang in ev. ry possible way for a long time past, and now this correspondent wishes us to pursue the crawlsome policy of snivelling and praying to Sir- John Forrest to forgive the past and be graciously pleased to vouchsafe us his favor for the future ! O ut upon such lick-spittle doctrines! Tbe very fact that Mr. Pell's supporters can }>eu such nauseating and dega ding advice is reason 7 , { sufficient for all men who wish to remain men to reject the claims of the Mayor's rival who represents, knowingly or otherwise, the snail club clique and the Perth parasites, who are sacking the financial life-blood out of the goldfields day by day. What the writer means by a "holocausto f anathema?" we know not, but are of opinion that the phrase should be patented, as one of tbe highest sounding and most meaningless ever yet invented. It is true rbat ihe vials of our wrath were poure 1 forth upon Mr. Macdonald for his letter, which was evidently iuspired by crawlsome creatures of the "Onlooker" tribe, and 'would be again. were tJie offence to be repeated, but Mr. Macdonald bas manfully emancipatedibimself from such baneful influences, and .shall we support tbe revival of a policy which dictated these acts, as - Onlooker" advocates, even while condemning 1 Mr. Macdonald's I Shall we tolerate in. Pell things we wonM not snfier in Macdosald ? The.other harps upon the same old tiing quotes w-hat puiports tc- be Mr. Mae letter—and ask- Ll-w the Editor o£ Tho MlNKi: C3n r e - 01K " ile Iiimfelf t0 iT - i; precisclv vbai the Editor docs not attempt t,/ li( , „" t!)e letlor „ lhc ^ arui contienins it JSOW. but i- pleai'M ihat Mr. Maclonaltl bas I;>:<\Y CHANGOL his I"iev.«. and is tivdar a ciir.nq.ion ot Coolgardie. and not :i fi:;>|>)rtiT <>f tl:o Korrest>. The nttiitt'ii.' of the Mixiza :tmi its E<lit.-r have beoji C"jj.-;i.su-jit rhrojiyiiof!!, which i- move than T-'II'.I I.H;saiiLi;r <UN ;UI<IOJIpoiic;iT~. When Mr. iVU oiien&I; the new-call iv.iin uf tiic >t'X-k lischanyc. 3ir. Mac<l.>n:il<l was toltl t«> hi~ i'ae-j by<iiu- rtijire^eutativo that it he '.viu.> lj;ulchange-.l fur the V-ner. ;i:}>i not the MlXEit for tin- worn-. And 31 r. Fell him.^if then api.iau.icl that ,-tatoiuent to Tiif". before Mr. 1'cli ever thoughi <»i" c r.niuir ' :ni)1 - forwai'ii. wo contmitt^l OU1-M.IVC- to the .-uppi.irt of lhc ix'iiring Mayor: the " Chronicle"' spoke in favorable term- ivjra:vi;'i]- hi; candidature, and the "licviev.." n> apj>c;ir> l-^wliece, !'• lilowevi We. at lc;ist. iuive ].uisuc»l fl }y>I:cy of : comimiity c-jiisistency. ami it i-, ihe adoj.f^'n of our HV>en\\! and in'oirressivc policv ' by MaoJoiiaid. which ha- ted us to advocate hi- return oJUcc. •• Katopaver" c»nn;Iudes hi> leUex thus : — -The existing fricti ui lx"twcon i^ir John ; Forrest an.-l Idacdon Id. which is noto- ; riouf. is surely :< meiutcc to Cool^irdie. and • cnunc-t fail to benefit Kalgooriic at our expense in fact, such has "bijen the case, j For t his ixvjs.ni alone, a pan from Mr. Pell's ; pcisonal merits and well-deserved popularity, j 1 1 seems to me iiicrcdiblc that any sane citi- | 1 an can d otherwise than protect the inte- ; rests of Coolgardie by voting for Mr. Pell aud so put an end to this senseless opposition to the power- that lie in Perth which is doing incal uiahle harm to Coolgardie. Not for one moment do 1 believe thai Mr. Pell is the man to ever truckle to Sir -Mm a- has Mr. Macdonald. fur J am couu'need that he has bra. ins enough and sufficient of true manliness in him to pursue a dignified middle coursj and not require to increase lhc size of his hat with every succeeding month of his mayoralty. Fair play is bonuie play, and this wc stand a chance of getting if the- j i Preinicr bo approached by a fair man in a \ fair way." j j This cvtitiruis what we have before contended. that the candidature of Mr. Pell is an itiempt to lure us into the Forrestian fold. We have ever been straighout Oppositionists, and wc arc not to be led by the nose into indirectly supporting those who back a Government, which has legally robbed as by means o£ taxation and process of law ever since ihe discovery of lhc goldfields. which has deprived us of the Menzies railway and refu-ed us the Iispcraucc line, which lias brought about the j>resent depression l>v rcfttMiig to amend the mining laws, thus causing the colony to be 1x>ycottcd by British capital, which has led to a drought, by not conserving the millions of tons of water which fell during the hist rainy season, and which imagines and acts as if alt Western Australia were an orange to be sucked for the benefit of Perth and Kremainle. Let others do as they please, wc will never l>o\v the knee to the Perth Baal, and recent events have shown the names of Pell and Perth to be inextricably associated. We have our choice to-day between subject ion and submission to our avowed enemies, and llie manly maintenance of our rights and the .MIXER is for Coolgardie and manliness all rnc time, let grovellers who crouch behind the quickset fence of anonvniitv sav and do what thev will. i i I [ i i 