NOTES BY THE WAY. (BYr FPaNxczeA). THE burning question of the hour is nndohbt ably, in Melboirne at least, the Saturday half-holiday. Seldom have so large a pro portion of the community been so much at one on any question as on' this, and to the decision of Melbournites in regard to the matter, those in many other places and other colonies are looking. rThursday as pay day, Saturday afternoon as universal half-holiday, seems to have commended itself to the moral and mental sense of a large majority of those who are discrassing the question every day and every minute in the day, into which an opinion can be wedged. The present ex aspirating rule of one class of shops closing on Wednesday, another. on Saturday, and other days in the week in other suborbs, is conducive to about the most higgledy piggledy state of affairs that a community, who lay claim to general intelligence and" a fair share of common- sense, could well bring about. There is mere bother than benefit about it, say most of those for whom it has been arranged, and from the rest and recrea tion point of view, it can have but little to ommend it.. If rest is 'what it is devoted hi-t is too shoart foeanything like'.r&Z;' coperation of energy, and as for recreation, there can be no getting away from city sights and sounds for any but the briefest period, most of which has to be spent in tram or train, for the bicycle, as popular as it is, is far too expensive to be in anything like uni versal use yet. When it is, the Saturday half-holiday will give a fresh lease of life and pleasure to hundreds who now think that zest and pleasure in life is never for them again. Such advanced clergymen as we have amongst us, those who know and try to make their respective flocks feel that the church was created for people not the people for the church, are all in favour of the Saturday half-holiday, think it will be morally as well as physically beneficial, and are exerting themselves to deserv -the larger and more mentally capable congregations they look for, when the Saturday half- holiday is uni versally observed. And, with reason, most thinkers will add, for there are few among them who have not noted the state of ex haustion to which so many employes get re-: duced before Saturday serving is reduced. To woman and girls employed in the shops, the Saturday half-holiday would be a boon indeed, for on them the long hours of stand ing tells most heavily ; one half-holiday dur ing the week, unless it precedes the day of rest, can do little towards mitigating the evils induced by long hours, and the inhumanity which compels them to stand during business hours whether they are busy or not. Let us hope that when the public mind is relieved of the half-holiday question harden, that it will turn itself to the one that has occupied I many a philanthrophic mind before this, though as yet to no purpose, that of the cruelty of compelling employds to stand for so many hours. To these, to all the Saturday half-holiday would be a boon indeed, and the I Sunday would be entered upon in a refreshed b and invigorated frame of mind, instead of every faculty bring almost wield from ex S?imaday eane'er be 'aa'"day .od? estf'eihile" t half the community serve and drive and drudge up to the last minute the law will F allow their employers to keep the shops open on Saturday night; and this means that many do 'not reach their homes till some s time after.' Is it any wonder the churches are almost empty of a Sunday morning some- 0 times? bhe clergymen want to look into some of the homes they are for ever seeking ! to have permeated with the spirit of church going, and see some of the pale, frail, or C weary-looking girls who drag themselves up I to a late breakfast, for which they have no healthy appetite. All are not lazy or care less, many are wishful to attend more to their religious duties, but borne down by fatigue and the week spent in shop atmos phere, how can anyone wonder that fresh air is often that which seems the greatest, best thing for them that Sunday holds forth. The Saturday half-holiday should be taken on trial at all events; it seems so useless, such an utter waste of time to theorise while it is open to us to practically settle the matter for good and all, by giving it a' trial. As for saying the women wont do their shopping in time--just let those who say so try them. Almost anyone would answer for them get ting through with it if they knew that after a certain hour there would be no chance to do any, for though the average woman can get through without many things, she can not without her shopping. Let the Saturday half-holiday be tried, and if, after a reason able time, we are not better and brighter, more vigorous in mind and body, and able to get a good deal more good out of life than we do at present, well, a very great number of otherwise very reliable people, will have to confess themselves very much mi' taken. Although art unions are supposed to have 'practically given 'up :the ghost, there are "quite a number flouri-hing along in the 'good 'old'stylea - Theireis ah'All Nations Carniial 'leading the way with a £1000 prize'; there are two or three others in two or three other places, where the prizes are of less value from a pecuniary point of view, but from the point of principle are equal in value to the one first mentioned. At St. Mark's Church a Mayflower Fair is now being held,, and in connection with this there is an art union also, and for a practice supposed to be mori bund, it seems uncommonly full of life. There are a good many prizes and a number of articles, fanciful and useful, purchasable. Bazaars have been of too many, and of too varied characters, for anyone to find anything novel in the onie now being held, unless it be in the Puritan matrons and maids who tend 'the stalls. These in their grey dresses, white capped and caped, certainly look very nice the dress is undoubtedly becoming, but one looks in vains for a sweet Evangeline, though charming girls are there, and no gentle Priscilla meets the gaze: :The ynirag ladies 'there are, most of them,piretty, and few of them minus attractions of any sort, and all look very nice indeed in their stiffly starcloed collars and caps, bat there is little of'llte Puritan maidens about thela.: Os 'the cro 'trary, they are all very, wide' awake indeed, and whatever they may have been born to do, are certainly not likely to blushlunseen, while ~thereis a chance in the srt.union to.be dis 'posed of. Those whio intend to visit the Mayflower Fair~should certainly first: try .to banish, all the imag s? Iosgfellow's 'genius has conjured up in readers .of:his poems, for no Gabriel is there, unless one can imagine Mr. W. J. Turner in that character, and the trev. Mr. Barley Sharpe is surely the very antithesis of blufE-captain Miles Standish, or the re tiring John. Apart from this, how ever, which, as the readers of Long fellow's poems are not now as numerous as they might be, cannot detract very much from general enjoyment, the Mayflower Fair is likely to provide a week's good pleasure for those whu, usually pleasure seek. The artistes to appear are some of the best that Mel bourne can furnish forth, so that it goes without saying that music and song will be enjoyable; even if purse is not sufficiently deep to be dipped into for art union purposes. As the music and song is under the direction of Mr. W. J. Turner, this will, however, be understood. The other- attractions of the Fair are a "Doll's House," which is the Girls' Friendly Society stall; a refreshment stall, which looks very tempting; a producs stall, most plenteously furnished; a flower stall; sweets' stall, and one or two for useful and fancy articles. The ladies presid ing were -Mesdames Turner, Hildreth, Heath, Stone, Hatto?, Molesy,. Field and te iasdthe: Miidto ehb -efli Robinison and Cousins. The Fair was opened by Lady Holled-Smith, who. was introduced by the Rev. Barley Sharpe, and who, in a very few words, declared the Fair open. Ater this there was an inspection of the stalls, and then a general grouping around to listen in silence to Miss Minnie Waugh's rendering of " When the Heart is Young." Miss Ethel Mercer gave two violin solos, and is evidently devoting herself to the ait. Of Miss Ida Osborne's singing it is needless to say much. This lady always pleases, for she always earnestly wishes to please. Signor Buzzi. too is an estab lished favorite. Among the visitors were Mrs. and Miss Strong, the Mayor of Fitzroy, and other well-known citizens. The Fair will be open until Saturday next, by which time the Puritan maidens, who have helped to so sccessfully lauich the " Mavflower," expect to be able to report a profitable cruise on art union seas. 