All Saints' (Anglican) Church, Bundanba. -:o: DEDICATION SERVICE. THE BUILDING. The new All Saints' (Anglican) Church at Bundanba, the erection of which has just been completed, was dedicated on Saturday afternoon last by the Bishop of the diocese, Dr. Webber, of Brisbane, who was assisted in the ceremony by the Revs. A. B. Bartlett, M.A. (reteor of St. Paul's), H. E. Whittington (carate at P.Paul's), and A. Davies (rector of St. Shomae's Church, North Ipswich). Throughout the service was very impressive. By 4 o'cloct the Sour fiaed for the opening ceremony, the chuoch was packed to the door with a repnsentative con gregation. Amongst those present were Mr. Lewis Thomas, M.L.A., and Mrs. Thomas, and several visitors from Ipswich, a nueaberof'whom travelled thither by 'bus, which was run for their especial convenience, whilst others drove in private vehicles. Shortly boforse 4, o'clok the Bishop arrived in Mr. James HFulland's carriage, which was drawn bya pair af fine-up standing blak? horses, and he was met' at the entrance and welcomed by the Reves A. R. Bartlett and A. Davies; the membe-?-ol St. Paul's Parochial Council-Messrs. C- A. HI Watson, H. Resrett, J. Swan, and BEuben' Worley; the members of All Saints' (Burdenba) Parochial Council, Messrs. James Stafford, Gs Linley, and W. Rteele; and Mr. T. TuseMtl,. who was present asa representative of St. tial's Sunday-school. THOW: DEICTON. Punctually at 4 eedlock the Bishop entered: the church by the northern doorway, he being preceded by the Rees,. A. R. Bartlett, A. Davids, and H. E. Whittington, who walked in the orn der in which theirnames appear. As the qause tette of clergymen proseeded up the northern' aisle the congregation rose in a body to their, feet, and remained stsmaing forsome moments. An added interest was. imparted to the service which followed, by the singing of several of the members of St. Paul's (Parch choir, who occu pied the front seats. 11Be D. Russell, assistant. organist at St. John's Pas?atlhedral, Brisbane, preaided at the organ... At the conclusion of the preliminary part of 'the service, the Bishop dedUiraed the church, spalkiag in earnest tones thns?-"I hereby declie this All Saints' Church, of Bundanba, toblanow dedicated and s?t apart for the public worship of God, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the HI olyGhost, Amen." All ptreant having joined in singing the well-known hymn, "The (lueeb's One Foundation,!' the evening service of the Anglican Church eas then held, after which ThMhBenor delivered ansranestaddress. He said that in congratulatingthem upon the good .work which they had met together that day to see consummated, let themagand a few moments in thinking upon the characteristics of worship, and. take as a basis the words.of St Paul to be bound in 1st Corinthians xis,. 15-" What is it ;then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will ,pqy with the understandingalso; I will sing with, the spirit, and I will sing: with-the under staeding also." What ledi St.Paul to utter those words? At the time there was a con 'trvemr going on in the Corinthian Church as tothe relative value of certain.things. Some bhad a, gif of tongues ands some a gift of pme hecy. The former did not mean a gift of aguistiepower, but rather the essential power of true: ecstatic language, and of giving expreasias to spiritualised feelings. And the giltof prophecy did not meansthe faretelling of future events, but rather thegift oi exposition. ISt..Rh(was called upon to decide the relative me.its qi these two things.. He said, "I will prog. with the spirit, and I wilLpray with the unelsatmdi_ g also," which, referred to the gifk trophsecy. The wholemsanshould assist ods tal4e part in the worship,,ot (Gol-not the spiariuit part alone, but the whole man. Let ithaem meditate on the order in which St. Paul place4 these things. He didinot say, "I will pray with the understanding, and with the spirit as well," but he stated-lit in the reverse wany, sad rtlsv -'. Wl. per with the ... i , hat was the 6i ak. v prayer. The spirit was thedorce,.the impulse, the enthusiasm, the emotiong;ihUlst the under stinding was the mould, which gave forrs, sblope, and direction to the prayer. So the apostle's judgment was thitk the whole man psrat take part in the worshipot God. There most be force and understanding to prevent be force running to waste.. Observe how this principle acted in connectionrwith the Reforms tion. In the days of .the UBbmanEmpire the Latin tongue was spoken thnoughout the world, andsf course worship was tbencondicted in that tongab. But at last the passer of the Empire was taken, and the home otihe Casars became the home of the barbarians,, and by degrees thcse who spoke the tongued theformer began to speak the tongue of theJ.htter, and in time Latin was no longer spoken. as the common langasge. So that the fatsemof the Reforms. tion agreed that henceforth the people should worship God in the mothe.-tosnge of the coun try in which they lived. Sa, they prayed with the spirit and the understanding also. They would see what an entirely.gosernitg principle that was which the apsteio ed. Tlheeame principle was noticeable in the matter of united prayer as against extempere payer. When they met together in ordbe that they might pray with the spirit andlanderstanding, there must be preconcerted action aR to the prayers in which they were to engage. Thus they would see how helpful to,.cmmon worship were the forms which they had. in the Litany. Their prayers engaged not only the spiritual force of the man, but his intellectual forces also. The whole man's intelligenea, his strength of judg ment, and power of will,,ought to be enlisted in the worship of God. Let them go from God's house with their hearts raised to Him, with their will bent upon, I?s service, and praise Him not only with their lips, but with thek lives also. Subsequent to the service a number of then visitors accepted an. invitation to partake a. afternoon tea at Mr. James Stafford's residence. ?Trn. IiLDI NO. The new church is situated in Stafford-stret,. on a piece of ground generously given for the purpese by Miss and Mr. H. Perrett, asdit commands a view of the entire townshitsof Bundanba. The main building measures ~L a 24ft.; the chancel 15ft. O9ft.; and the estry lift. x Oft.; whilst the baptistry is of aue~o tagonal shape, and is fitted with a beahtiful codar font. At the rear of the chancel stands a neat altar, on either side of which are maroon-coloured drapings, and a pretty;carpse. covers the aisles and the steps leading to the chancel. In the main building, a.re the full complement of pews of a tasteful design and comfortable in use. The, walls are lofty, and tlhe inside of the. roof is diagonally lined. The church is artificially lighted with five large Juno lamp?s each of seventy candle-power, whilst a lamp of a similarhkind of thirty candle-power is titted in the vestryg. These were provided.aud fixed by Messrs. Hanby and Dangerfield,. of Brisbane street, and the small one was generously given by them as a donation. The building, which is very cosy, being weather-boardedon the e- terior and lined throughout,, cost upwards of £150. Messrs. Worley and Whiteabead, the well-known builders, of Wles-strest, were the contractors, and they hase. completed their work to the entire satisfaction of all concerned. Mr. G. B. Gil, architect,, Quessland Times Chambers, Brisbane-streat,. i may be men-. tioned, supervised the ereasion oI the building,. A number of hind friends vory generoluly donated several requisites. So far as we csald learn the following is a list of the articles pen tributed:-Chairs. Me. and Mrs. J. P. Bstom cley; bell, Mr. J. V. Jenkina; cedar fons,.Mrs. G. Linley; cedar prayer-desk, Mr. J. R. Atkinson; altar vases, Mrs. P. L. Cerdew; carpet for chabael, Mrs. E. A. ]bllmore; sanctuary chair, Mrs. A. W.Darvall; ofertory plates, Misses E. and 0. Bullmore: altar, Mr. T. Crabb; stained glass window, the Rev. A.' B. Bartlett; fencing material, Mr.. James' Stafford; and vest-ry mp, Mes. bHanhy sand Danogerfield. The authorities of 'the Church' desire to coQurey their sincere thanks to all the donors. 