Mysteries of Oriuie, In 1880 a woman's body was discovered in. ' a collar, under tho pavement, of n fiuo mansion , in Harloy-streot, London, Tho butler of tho fumily in cleaning out tho collar camo upon a cask, and within that cask ho found the body preserved in quicklimo, which had beou ubcci, no doubt, with tho idea of preserving it, but the onpoaito result followed. Decomposition l._J f.i ? ? Inn fn„ fr. ,„nl-.. wmnnni. IlllU, UUWUVU-lj gwuu IUU 'W tion possible, and thoro was novor tho slight est clue to tho identity of tho crimiual, or of tliftt of fcho murdered person. Tho woman had been stabbed to the heart. Nothing whatever was elicited in tho houso itself. It had boon occupied by tho samo gentleman, its proprietor, an unimpeachably rospootnblo porson, for at loast twonty years, and he could throw no light whatever upon tho mystery. Even when a body lias boon clearly idontified, and witliiu a short - space of timo, the solution has not beon reached. Let us tako Bomo of tho losp familar ensos, as recorded in tho criminal history of othor countries. There was tho murder of ' the pretty cigar girl,' as sho was callod, Mary Rogers, of Now York — tho foundation, indeed, of Edgar Allan Poo's famous story ' Tho Mystory oE Marie Rogot,' although ho placed tho scouo of tlio crime in Paris. Mary Rogers left hor houso ono ovoning for a walk in Hobokon, on tho Jersey sido of tho Hudson River, nud was novor afterwards seen alivo, Somo days later hor body waB found floating in tho North rivor ; alio had beon strangled by hor own laco fichu. By-aud-by tho traces of a. fiorco aud mortal struggle woro found in n neighbouring wood, and in duo course several nrrests woro mado, all 'of mon supposod to havo boon dospsratoly in lovo with Miuy Rogers. Everyone, howovor, was able to * establish hia iunoconco, although ono, by namo Payn, subsequently committod suioido noar whoro tho crimo was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated tlio wholo of tho Unitod Statos to an extont unparalleled, oxcopt by tlio murders of Prosidouts Lincoln and Garfield, and no satisfactory oluo \YU3 UVU1 UUUULIUU, iXUU lLm5 at tho death of tho tobacco morohant who had been Mary Rogers' omployor, aud who as yoars passod had bocomo a vory woalthy man, certain facts wore said to como out, whioh in a measure implicated him with thoorimo; but thoro does not soom to havo beon moro than a yaguo Btory of his beings haunted on his doathbod in Paris by tho ghost of tho mnrdorod girl, Other cases o£ a similiar kind havo ooeurrod iu tho Unitod Statos. Thoro was tho murdor of Sarah. Cornoll, who was at first thought to liavo hangod horsolf, thon said to havo boon killed by a Motliodisb minister ; but he was acquitted, and tho dood, now, proved to bo ono of violence, was always a mystory. So was that of tho girl fished up from tho bottom of Manhattan woll, in tho. days whon Now Yorlc was a small placo ; but tho murdoror who had first strangled, thon thrown Guliolma. Sands down tho well was novor discovered. 