STBAY NOTES. The Bike's Cussedness. ANOTHER instance ia which the insidious influence of the bike is1 depraving oar social institutions has recently come to light through the medium of the London publishers. We already know tbab before the resistless march of the newfangled "wheel," the good old methods of locomotion, represwnfced by the railway train and cable tram, are rapidly giving up the ghost; bat it now appears to be invading the publisher's sanctum. At a recent meeting of the trade held in London it was . pointed out almost tearfully that reading was diminishing to an alarming extent amongst the rising generation, and this was directly attributable to the young folks preferring to spend their i evenings, Saturday afternoons and Sundays in " scorching " through country lanes rather than poring over the "dreams of sages," as repre- sented by the stock-in-trade of the publishers. This is a very lamentable state of affairs, no doubt, but there is one redeeming feature about it which the members of the trade hag to their sonia. It seems that the falling off is chiefly noticeable in the lighter walks of literature, and from this the publishers draw the fiendish conclusion that the patrons of the bike have hitherto coufiued their literary researches to such thrilling efforts of I genius as " Buffalo Bill," the " Bed eyed Demon of the Gulch," and other inspired mental achievements. It is a very minute consolation for losa of trade, bnt they may be excused for i makiug the most of it. I And a Probable Effect. And this probably accounts for I other things. The demand for " Dead- wood Dicks" having fallen away, the illustrious writers of those master- pieces are finding, or fear to find, their occupation gone. So they torn their talents into other channels. And in what direction could past experience be of greater help to them than in the compilation of mining company pros- pectases and the preliminary paffs in the .papers Î No man who has lacked the experience of writing "The Capture of Kate Carter ; or, Tom the Terror's Trap," could, for instance, be guilty of thñ : That magnificent claim (the Hoffman) has a reef 30ft. wide, 1ft. in the middle of which ia pure gold, a foot on each side of this magic centre going 20oz. to the ton and tibe rest of it 4oz. Set the hand has lost something of its cunning ; for, according to, the eternal proprieties, there ought to be a grove of mahogany upon the property, all ready fur transformation into office furniture. Bat no doubt little touches of this kind will be added as the new men get accustomed to their novel surroundings. ? * * Church Finance. If I ran a religious denomination I should keep perpetually on offer a substantial reward for a new way to raise revenue. The old bazaar having lost its ancient power, and the tea meeting having become a weariness to the flesh, and "the sale of gifts" having beea ascertained to be an old enemy dressed in a new snit of slops, they have invented the "rainbow fair," and the " lily fair,"and the "cake and »pron fair," and " rummage fair" (this, by the way, ia sometimes, and not in- appropriately, called a "rubbish affair"), and the "spring surprise," and the " basket fair," and-and so on almost indefinitely. But, spite of all, the parson goes nnpaid and the barden of debt increases. In these circumstances the financial, man comes forward with a suggestion. Let the person who desires to , substantially assist his church insure his life and, while Himself paying the premiums, let him transfer the policy io the church. Already the plan is said to have commended itself to some extent to some shrewd mem- bers of southern congregations, j And if the thing be worked properly,' a good deal cf cash can be indirectly raked in. The ''public meetings," at. which the annual reports are presented,' might be made far more interesting than hitherto. Listen to the church superintendent :- " And, dear friends, we rejoice, with a chastened joy, to record that during the year oar beloved brother, William Jones, has been called to his rest. We have tims, we are thankful to say, been able to wipe off another £150 of the church debt, and to pay np £50 of our dear pastor's back stipend. We rejoice also to know that the cold which our brother Thomas Brown con- tracted in this building three months ago has settled apon the langs, and we have Btrong hope that another policy for £100 will fall in during the early part of the carrent year. Brother Evans is now paying premiums upon £400. Â8 he has, we learn, thoughts of going to Sydney, we have hopes, too, that the trams may be used as the instruments for securing our welfare as ! a church." ARGENTUM. 