NOW FIRST .PUBLISHED. THE MASTER CRAFTSMAN. ; BY SIB WALTER BESANT, M.A., Autbor of "AH SorU and Condition, of Men," "Horr r.ulu.," "Tho World Went Very Well Then," "In Deacon'. Ord.rs," &o.; fALL IUC1IITS BESEKVED. Chapter XI.— As Address. . On Sunday evening I called for France. We wore going to bear tho man alia would call the Wonderful Fsraou of Wapplng. " We .hall have to drivo right through Lon don," I told her. "You will first aee the trade «nd of tho Weat ; then til.' lane of the country visitor, called the Str.nd ; then the lane of the printer. ; then tho merchants' quarters, silent and deserted ; and then the plane where the people live who do all the work ; the city of the thpusanr industries. And then you will e.e those peoplo you are going forth to see." " Su long ns you don't take me to see the places with association. I don't mind. I was looking over a book about Loudon the other day ; it was full of associations. Dear me 1 What doe. it matter where Milton lived? And why should I want to e.e the place where Siiakepeare had a theatre 1" ' You ar. curiously impatient about the past, Frances." "I like the world just ezaetly a it is, George ; the order of it and the ways of it ; :«d the flew ef the stream—! like to fee! that J am in the swim. And if ever. I marry again I hail b. a great deal more in the swim." "The man you will hear to-night likes the world as it ought to be." "Well, why not? .So long .. we don't change anything. Now, Master Craftsman, my gloves arson." "You look very fino to-night, Fr.neei. It will please our friends at Sliadwall, seeing a lady among them, that she is a real lady. They resemble your friends in one respect — these men of the gutter as you kindly called them on a recent occasion' — they like to see a woman well drossed." It is a long dries from Piccadilly to High- street, Shad well, which, as everybody knows, is a continuation of Radcliffe Highway. . The whole journey was as unknown to Lady Franoes as China or Peru. For the city she eared nothing ; memories of Gresbam and Whitting. ton moved her not ; by this time the office, and warehouses were closed, and the streets deserted ; she only began to take interest when they oame out on Tower Hill, and drove past th grey old fortress into the highway sacred to the memory of sailors and to riverside thieves and to crimps, and to Moll and Poll and Doll. Indeed, ghosts of the departed sinner, are still allowed regret fully to iiover around the swinging doors of these old taverns, snd to linger about the pave ment whore they were wont to roll, and sing, and dance and light. Oh, the brave old days 1 And they acknowledged that the game is still kept up and with spirit, though, per haps, with less heart in it than of old. Tho fighting has gona off sadly ; the singing is still good, but that, too, shows Bigns of deterioration ; the dsnoing shows the old spirit — legs are loose, bssl and toe are true to time, and the drinking is still free and generous. Ae for Moll and her frionds, they continue to land the charm and grace of woman's sooiety to Mercantile Jack. "Men and women I" said Lady Frances, "Aud by their appearanoe not among the striots.t moralists. Show ma men and women, George, and not tall black warehouses whsre something onoe stood, or grimy oburohea whsre something onoe happened. Give me men and women. Give me the present. Ouf ! what a reek from that door 1" The carriage stopped lor a mososnt ; a little erowd assembled seeing that most unaccustomed appearance, a carriage and pair with a ooaohman and a footman in liveries. The open door belonged to a tavern full of sailors drinking and smoking, se that th air which came forth in waves was ohsrged with th fragrance of rum, gin, beer and to. bacoo. The carriage moved on slowly. There oame another kind of fragr»nce;; The first knocked one down like a club, the seeond out one like a knife. "It is fried fish," I explained. "This is the staple food of the women and work girls. There are differenoes in the matter of food,- For my own part I should never get over a prcjudioe against this form of . Do get on a little faster if you can," I called to the ooaohman. Wo passed into another street, really the same but called by a. different name, where thero woro no sailors and no sailors' friends. It was, however, filled with people walking about ; among them were lads smoking oigarettes, girls with immense yellow feathers in their hats and bright blue blouses, walking arm in arm laugh- ing loudly; working men leaning about with pipes, women with children in arms, ohildren everywhere tumbling about the road and the gutter. "Behold the people !" I said. " Concentrated people. I'ure extraot of people." . " I recognise them," said Franoes, " though I do not seem to have seen them before. On the wbolo they look harmless." " As for thoir power of harm, I have my own opinion. But it is quite certain that at present they don't want to do any harm. " " It is ourious to think that all of us have come out of this mast. Here and thers, I sup pose, ouo disengages himself and leaves bis friends, aud gets up a bit over their hsads and prepares the way for founding a family. That is tho way we all began, psrhaps. The earls and barons of the futuro have got their fathers and mothers in this crowd. But no on, except you, George, ever wanted to go hack again. Oh! Most -remarkable of men ! Unique man 1 You waat to go back again." Tho carriage stopped at the entrarioe of a ball ; gas lights flamed over the open doors ; people, nearly ail men, were etreaming in, and in the lobby men were standing about disputing and arguing in earnest tones ; everyone looked as if he enmo on private bueineis— which was tho first tiling remarkable. I spoko to nn attendant doorkeeper, who oon- duoted ub upstairs and along tho back of tho gallery to a private box overlooking th stage. Lady Franoes looked round. Bjr the decora tions, the footlights, the stage, the place for th orchestra, the gallery which ran nil round the room, the large room itself and tho close atmosphere, it was evident that the plao was habitually uaod for entertaiamoiits. "This is tho Siren Musio Hall," I exploinsd, "It is named, not after the Siatora Three, of whom the proprieter and baptiser never heard, but after the new fashioned steam whistle which you may hoar all day long upon tb river. And it is hired for these meetings." " They don't have on Sunday nights a musio hall entertainment." "Not quite. You aro going to hear a political speech. Meantime, look round and watch the people. You say you waut men and women. Very well. There are your men aud women all gathered together, especially the men." They were nearly all men ; working men. Frances looked down upon the crowded hall. Tho faces she gazed upon shone white and shiuy in th glare of tho gas; they were serious faces, they wero hard faooa ; , th , impression produood by the collective face was nne of honesty and slow powers of perception, but with determination. Most of them sat in silence, loaning baok contentedly and in no .hurry; the men who work notiveiy with tho bodily limbs nil day for their wage are never in a'hurry so long as tbsy can wait sitting. When they talked 't was seriously and with oarncst- ness, conduoting their argument on tbo ap proved lines, in which one man advnnccs an array of alleged facts which he cannot prove, and the other . aontradiots the allegations, though ho oanuot disprove them. This is the argument of the taproom, the bar parlor and the smoking room. 'The more 'carefully we adhere to the old fashioned, well tried method, tho more animated, spirited and convincing is the conversation. The perfect knowledge is most olearly indicated by frequent interruptions and noisy denials. Now these men were arguing on the constitution uf the country, being ignorant of what it is, how it has grown, whence it came, or what it means. And thsy wanted to change tt, baing ignorant of - what thsse changes would mean, or how they were to be effeoted, and how other mem ber! of the community would receivo them. There were Socialists among them, men who look forward to the time when every man, for the sake of every other man, and not for lilmsotf at all, will gladly do a bard day's work snd get no payment or profit but only the equal ration, the same garb, the aamo warmth aod the same roof ; and thoy think that th levelling up or down to the asms unbroken piano will oreate, for tho first time in history, happi ness complete. " When Adam delved and Ero span, where was then tho gcntlemnn ?" Alas ! it la the samo old, old story. There was then no gentleman, but in the third or fourth genera. urn after Adam there was founded th first family of gentle folk— they were, I believe, Wolsh. Thore were also in tho orowd Anarchists, n kiniliy race who want to swonp away all laws, with tho police and the lawyers and tho judges and the prisons, and to hnvo overyhody to work out his own redemption for himself. Aud there was among them tho oommon Radical, who desires nothing more than the abolition of the Grown, tho Church . and tho Lords, after which no ono cortainly can cxpeot or desire anything mors. And there wor# many of tlmt numerous class, the Wobblers, who inoline this way and that, boing unable to balance the advantages of any one plan against any other. Mostly, how ever, being poor and dependent, they desiro change. Some of the women cams with their husbands and brought their work with them, the business of tb ovtning being quite below their own attention. The British matron, who is - a praotioal and keen eyed person, is seldom able to understand that the abolition of the House of Lords will give liar husband better pay or herself more house keeping money. Hera and there one saw a whits woman's faoe, with sat lips and fur rowed brow. She was that rare woman who oan sts the wickedness of things, and til imperfection of things, and the injustice and cruelty and uncertainty of things ; and she ceases to believe in the powers that bu or in the dootrines of ohuroh, of teacher and of preaclior, and longs to shuffie the cards and try a new deal if haply that may bring a remedy to the evils of the time. Lady Franoes looked down upon this crowd watobing and wondering, interested morely by the sight of the lines of faces below her, line bshind line, row behind row ; while I told her the things that are written down above. " I am glad I oame," she murmured. " Oh ! I am vei-y glad I came. George, I like to sea them. Give ms, I say, men and women. I say it again — men and women." " And the thoughts of men and women — what they think about the world and thomsolves and your olass, Frances. It is useful knowledge, even if it does not help yon to play the gams." ' ' " So long as I am not compelled to associate with them I have no objection to looking at them, or to rending about them. It would be as a branch of natural history, except on the fact that these people may interfere with us. Thsir thoughts, I suppose, aro mostly discon tented ; and their intentions, if they had any, would be revolutionary. But tiicy are interest ing, and I am glad I oame." By this timo the hall was full to overflowing ; the people were crammed in the galleries, they stood on tho baok benches, they filled up the gangways, they olitnbsd over the orohestra par tition and stood, a mass of young men in that aapicioun paw, they crowded the doors, they were paoked tight on the stairs, there was no more room left t put in an umbrelln. "It is 7 o'olock," I snid. "Time's up. The men you are going to hear to-night, Frances, is the strong man — the man who hns ambitions such as you would like mo to have." " I never thought you would become a looal demagogue, George." "He is coming out immediately. He knows the peoplo protty well, and they know him. This evening he will pronounoe ono of a series of orations he has delivered on the questions of the day. The captain tella mo that ho has set the people thinking and talking in a very sur prising way. You see how they are disoussing things. All those discussions are on the text of his last address." " The "Wonderful Person of Wapping. I await him with interest." Then tho orator appeared, stepping out from the wings, and walked quietly to his place beside a small table, whioh, with a decanter and tumbler, formed the only furniture of tho stage. The background, representing a rural scene, witli woods and a lake aud a bridge, did not, somehow, seem incongruous with an address bristling with hard faots and praotioal conclu sions. A bright oountry landsoape, sunny and beautiful, is really far mors appropriate to an address whioh uplifts the heart than a picture of a mean street, or of men and women toiling over moan and ill-paid labor. There was no obairman. At the outset on had been proposed, but the lecturor scoffed at the suggestion, skid that he oouid very well introduce himself and propose for himsslf a vote of thanks. Ho therefor stood alone. In his hand he bore a bundle of papers, whioh ho carefully placed in order on the table for refer ence. Then he stood upright, facing his audience, and bowed slightly to the round of applause whioh greeted him. Lady Frances saw a tall, broad shouldered and singularly handsome young man, with a bread square forehead — tho light fell fall upon it— clear eye's— hair in very short brown curls, suoh ourls as denote strength — a serious face — too serions for his time of life -but then it is only your light comedian, your touoh-and-go oomia man who can face an audienoo ' with a grin, and it is only a ballot girl who can nppaar with a smllt. There was not, however, tho slightest touoh of embarrassment or stage fright about liiin. Ho stood easily, in an assured attitude, standing well apart from the table, so that his figure was prsetioslly the only thing to ho seen upon tho stage. Ho was dressed in faultless evening clothes, with a white ilower in his buttonhole. This was the man who, a 'few woeks bofore, scoffed at the observance of evening dress, and sneered at the niminy pirainy ways of tho fine gentleman. "Why," whispered Lady Frances, " the man is dressed like a gentleman. What does he do that for ? He is only talking to workpeople. Look at his face, George, it says as plaiu as if ho were speakiug, 1 1 am not afraid— I am a better man than anybody here.' " Tho orator held up his hand. Everybody settled in his plaoa ; everybody adjusted his foet — mostly under the benches ; every other person olenred his throat ; the women who had oome with their husbands looked up at the orator and round tho room ; then they took up their knitting again and abstraoted' their thoughts into some useful line, such as boots and the acquisition of hoots. The people on the stairs londly besought those within to make room for them ; one might as well implore the sardines to lie a little closer in' their box. So they wailed aloud, like tho foolish virgins, because they oould not enter. And then the orator began. I am profoundly sorry that I aannot, in this place, give you even tlio heads of this discpurao, because his words and his faots wero foroibl'e and convincing, and I am sure, donr reader, you would like to be hammored witli foots aud convinced with .'reasons. I oannot, howover, do so, for the simple reason that the laws of copyright forbid. The orations are now published, and overyhody can get tliein and read them. He began, however, with a personal point. " I told yon, "he Baid, "nt tho outset that lam here because I propose to represent, this borough at the next general election. The roason why I have taken the trouble to addiess you is that yon will he my oonstitueuts, and it is always best .when a man has got opinions of his own that lie should instruct his constituents upon them. Mine ar not opinions; thoy are oonvio-- tions; and my oouviotions, as I have ehowu you so fsr, are simple truths. You are ail the . better, I am quite ours, for having learned those truths ; you will talk muoli less nonsonie, and you will advooatc much more sensible measures. So muoh, of coureo, you will acknowledge. Now the next general eieotion is said to bo olose upon us. No one oan possibly know for oertain how close it is, but wo may expoot it any day. Therefore it is woll that I have educated you to support my candi dature. " I also told you at the outset that I mean to enter tho House as an Independent member. I nm informed that no independent member is of nny importance in the House ; that he oaanot influence votos that belong to this pqrty or that party;, that tbo House is divided into this flock of aheap and that flock of shoop,- whioh follow their leaders when tlio bell rings. Very good. My friends, I don't want to influence votes in the Houss. I want to in fluence yon— yon— you— not the Houas at all. I oare nothing shout the House. It is through the House tlmt one speaks to tho country, nay, to'the world, if one is strong enough. I desire to speak tho truth about things that I know, tho exact plain truth, whioh they do not hear in' the House — the forces which drive us ; the way we are drivsn ; tho thing that has to be done. I want to speck out to the whole world by sptaking in the House. Oh, I am not afraid 1 Men will laugh at such a confession. It is a worthy and noble ambition, and, my constitu ents, I mean to prove myself, yes, myself, worthy of that noble ambition. .Very well. Now remember that when I nm elected I am not going to call myself your servant, nor shall I have tlio hypocrisy to pretend that I am sent tii the House with a mandato from you. ' Why, you don't think I nm going to accept any in structions from anybody here, do you ? You to give ma— Me— instructions? My dear peoplo, understand that your collective wisdom is no more tlinn the wisdom of tlio best man among you, and your host rami isn't n tunth - pint of the man that I am in knowledge or in ability either. Do not make any mistake. You may bo my servants if you plaase ; it is tlis best thing in tho world- for you to learn of me, to quostiou me, to cleot me, but I shall uovcr be your servant. You can teach ms nothing, but I oan teach you a great deal. Understand, .thtn, I shall ha an Independent member in every asnso — free of interference of party, free of intor- fei-opoo of constituents. So you had bettor make up your mind at onou to turn out etie of your piesent members — I do not in tlis tenet care which— anil to put me in his place. But, by tho lord, I tall you, I promise you, I will make you proud of your member ! " Ho stnpped. This was only th prologue — tho fore. words. Ho drank a little water and took up bis papers. The people, so far from resenting this plnin- ness of. sp'ceoh, clapped and npplauded mightily. 1 His assurance beoomes him," said Lady Frances. " A more arrogant speeoli I nover heard. After that thvv are bound to elect him." ' ;And then lie turned to his subject Ho lind at least the gift of oratory, and tho first and the most important part of this gift is the power of clear and orderly arrangemont; ho know how to ssieot his points, and to present thera so that a child might understand ; he knew how to repoat them ; to present them agaiu in nnothor form, yet still so as to bo intel ligible to all; h knew bow to present them a third time, so that thero should be no chance of forgetting thorn. Ho had a flexible, rich and mnsioal voice, whioh rolled in thunder in tho roof, or dropped to the soft strains of a silver flute. He knew when to stir the people's hearts and wlion to make them follow to a oold chain of reason ; when to make tliern laugh and when to maks tliem ory. The man played with his audience ; anil if you watoliod him, as Lady Franoes did, you would observe that he rejoiced in his power; there Were moments when he used this power wantonly— for his own plonsuro when it was not wanted. Nuw and then, when ho trampled upon somo pet prcjudico and ex posed oome oherished illusion, there wero sounds of disagroomont hut faintly expressed and quickly hushed. Thus he spoke of Social ism :— " Do not," he said, "be led away by theories of what may he or might bo. "We are concerned with what is not, not ' whut may be. Man is horn alone— absolutely alone in tho world— ho grows up aloue ; he learns alone; he works alone;, he' has his diseasos alone; lie thinks alone ; he lives alone ; ho dies nlone. The only thing that seems to take away his loneliness is his marriage. Then, because he has another person always in the houss with him, ho feels perhaps that lio is not quite so lonoly as be thought. It is illusion, but it obeera him up — every man is quite alone." Remember that. Everything that he has .is his alone ; he esnnot give rt-away if he wishes.; His face belongs to hiinself-sione— there is no other face like his in the whole world and thero never lias been. In tho Uosurreetion of tho millions and millions of the long forgotten dead thero will be no face like nny. other faco ; no man liko any other man. Qiiite alone. ' He oannot part with his gifts, his hereditary powers and weaknesses, his isnruing, his skill of hand and eye ; his thoughts, his memory, his history, his doings, his follies— nothing that he has oan ho impart to any other living creature. It all belongs to liiin. He is alone in the world. . "Quito alone — ho and his property. Remem ber this, and when you hear'men talk of- things equal aud things equally dividsd, ask how tho most important propsrty of all is -to be divided —a man's strength and skill and ability. I?or you aro not equal ; there is no equality. Nature — the Order of Creation— screams aloud to you —she proclaims it from tlio mountain topB, she whispers it in thu rustling of the leaves, in the flow of tho water and in the breath of the Bpring. You are not equal. Nothing that was ever mads is the equal of any other thing. You ore all unequal ; you have diversities of giftB ; one is a giant and one is a dwarf; one can make ntid one can only destroy ; you are all unequal. That is the voice of Nature. What follows! We who aro indi vidual and unequal have to provide for our- selves. Bin n is still a creature who hunts and lives by the chase. The rost ahupss itself; tho strong man tramples dowu the weak; we associate ourselves together, so that the strong man may not kill or too muoh oppress the weak : wages, hours, work, holidays, prices— all rest npon the will of tho strong man, and he is ruled by the will of ouo strongor than him self. You who are strong preserve your strength, learn to use it. You will form oombinatioue for your protection against the stronger man. Good : if your strength is greater than his you will got what you want ; it his is greater than yours you will lose. Above all thing., be strong. All th systems, all the experiments, that the world has ever seen ter minate, in the viotory of the strong man, to whom belongs, and over will belong, the round world and all that thoreln is." This was only a bit out ct the middle of the oration. You will find plonly of pages in tho printed book as strong as this passage. He ooneluded at last amid a storm of obeers and shouting. (To 6c continued, J 