THE CHRISTMAS "CHROHICLE." The Christmas Chronicle, issued to-day, comprises, an excellent budget of holiday reading. The most attractive feature will of I course be the superb eolorbd picture, by Ered. I Morgan, entitled -'Darby and Joan," which will_ be deservedly prized, both for the asso- I ciations connected with the subject and for the treatment itself, which is really a triumph of art. The tales, sketches, poems, &c..; fill 1G pages, which ought to be enough for the most voracious literary appetite. As for quality, that goes without saying, for the names of the writers are sufficient evidence, I though it should be understood that every j story has been selected for its merits and apart from its authorship. The writers include | several old favorites, like Adeline Sergeant, George R. Sims, Dora Russell, and others, whose work has never failed to charm. The tales altogether are calculated to suit a wide range of tastes, for hero will be found pabulum bright, sombre, mirth- provoking, or season ably "uncanny," but all without a doubt having a distinctive holiday flavor. A good start is made with a powerful tale by Adeline Sergeant called "A White Christmas"—a title surely _ well chosen. This is a story of family disagreement—the conflict of love and pride—and of the reconciliation which takes place when the softening influence of the hallowed season asserts itself. Miss Ser geant is the daughter of a clergyman, whose death reduced her to the necessity of earning her livelihood, which she did first by teaching and afterwards by writing stories. Her fame, first won by " Jacobi's Wife," published in 1SS0, has since steadily increased. Another favorite whose acquaintance readers of the Chronicle will gladly renew is Dora Russell, author of that thrilling story " footprints in the Snow," which appeared in our weekly paper many years ago. "A Lost Glove" is q good specimen of her handicraft in a lighter vein, for though not untinged with tragedy, the dominant note is one of humor, and the reader finishes the tale of Edgar LeewOod's heiress-hunting adventure with something like a chuckle of satisfaction at his discomfiture. John Strange Winter— as Mrs. Stanuard, the author of "Bootle's Baby," " Beautiful Jim," and a host of other stories of boy heroes, still chooses to be known to her thousands of readers—sends us a fine old-country story, in which love charms away a long-standing family vendetta, and another .favorite with Chronicle readers, viz., George R. Sims, furnishes one of those tales pervaded by a moral pur pose which have entitled him to rank as one of the most wholesome, as he is one ot the most powerful and graphic of living story-tellers. "Next of Kin" is exceedingly pathetic, and will be found one of the most fascinating of his shorter efforts. Mary Angelina Dickens, the granddaughter of the famous novelist, who has inherited no small measure of his talent, contributes in " A Christmas Awakening" a fine piece of characterisation, the only fault of which is that it is not very much longer. No Christmas number would be complete without a ghost story, .or at least a story touched with supernaturalism, and Mr. J. T. Hart, another English writer, supplies the desideratum in a somewhat gruesome narrative entitled "Room for One," which is sensational enough to please anyone. The Chronicle as usual has enlisted the services of colonial pens, and readers have no cause to regret the results. The literary talent of South Australia is well represented. Mr. S. Newland who interpreted the romance of the bush so ably in " Paving the Way," makes another venture in the same direction, of course on a limited scale; aud evidently in "The Drover's Yarn"—though the main incident is sensational enough—he has not strayed far from reality. The bush, as everyone _ knows, was peopled with some extraordinary characters in the early days, and as Mr. Newland has had a long colonial experience, and combines with remarkable powers of observation a pic turesque pen, what he writes is sure to interest. Readers of " Isban-Israel" will not be sorry to renew their acquaintance with the author, Mr. G. H. Cossins, who contributes | an episode of African camp life; and another writer whose appearance in the Chronicle will be heartily welcomed is Mrs. Martin, author of the famous "An Australian GirL" Her contribution this year takes the form of a brilliant description of. a visit to the Vatican. Another colonial pen which finds an outlet in the Christmas Chronicle is that of Miss Jennings Carmichael, who has won fame by her prose and poetical writings in the Australian press, and not to exhaust the contents of the number we may mention Victor Marra's story, "A Lady's Order," and an amusing narrative of "The Bandanoola Horse," by *' One of Them." There are stories for young folks, including one by the popular Australian writer, Ethel Turner, author of "The Seven Little Australians," and special provision is made for chessplayers, while the miscellaneous department is also well supplied. No effort has been spared to make the Christmas Chronicle a thorough success. 