COMPLETE STORY. [PUBUSSED BT SPECIAL'ABRASaEUEXT.] ... THE MADONNA OF - .THE SEPULCHRE, -■ AletheaPhillips, Author of " The Stz3lri*e Face m the Glass," *t The Double Bass Player," "Picotin," . ~ [COPTEIGHT.] - Ifcwasgone.^ ' • ' The famous llsdonna of the Sepulchre had vanished.- In the picture's stead was a space of red wall-stafinff dully through the huge gilt frame.' -; It was impossible to imagine how anythief conld have managed the business so adroitly, for extra precautions had been taken, ret in 6pite. of them all this valuable canvas had been cut clean out and taken away. Of course' the matter would obtain notoriety, for the painting was of world- wide fame, though until the previous week it had rested in a private ducal collection and it would be hopeless for any person to bring it into a market, where it was likely to realise half its value, without being detected as the perpetrator of the crime. There was doubt- : less satisfaction in this view of the case, though it only rendered the deed more inex plicable, and the small knot of men who had been called In to consult as to the best means of tracing the lost property, already began to feel a trifle depressed. There was not the shadow of a scrap of evidence against man, woman, or child. The picture had been bought on behalf of a i wealthy client by Isaac Cohen or Old Co., I as he was familiarly nicknamed, and he would I have to make good its loss. , j He stood there now, working his lean, restless hands together, and stared up under ; his thick brows at the empty frame, a bent figure in an ill-fitting suit of rusty black, : with a harshly outlined profile that betokened | his Semitic origin. People's sympathies did ! not go out to him as a rule, but even the | rough carpenter, who was kept to do odd jobs j about the place, and who had jus£ stood a searching cross-examination, could not resist a movement of pity. "Mayhe it ain't so for off but what we shall find it, master," he ventured to remark, drawing the back of one hand across his lips. Old Co. turned abruptly to fir an eagle glance upon the man—a swift, searching, terrible glance, such as any but an honest person must have quailed under, but the car penter remained stolid. " How do I know you are not in the plot to ruin me—a useful tool, perhaps!" snarled the Jew, with a sardonic wrinkling of his parchment skin. * " Come, 3Ir. Cohen," said an official, step ping forward, " Jarvis has given a veiy good account of himself. He will be a useful wit ness on your side, I fancy." The old man made no reply, but fell to con templating the empty frame once more. "Fifteen thousand—fif-teen—thousand !" he repeated again and again, in a nasal kind of murmnr, while his slanny fingers clutched and grabbed at the unsubstantial air. It seemed somehow as if ho were feeling for the money and conld not find it. There was a horrible suggestion of coming madness in the action, and those present shrank back, edging their way one after the other from the room; for after all their business was to take immediate 6teps towards the picture's re covery, and not to watch the effect of its loss upon the miserable old Jew, who "was responsible. Even the sympathetic carpenter dunk into the back premises, leaving bis wretched master alone to face the loss which threatened to overwhelm him. It was a dingy little chamber, full of dust i and cobwebs; yet an almost priceless treasure had been taken out of it. Old Cohen was accustomed to work here himself, and the signs of his occupation lay scattered about. He was not only a skilful restorer but au accurate judge of old canvases, and many rich people preferred to trust to him rather ' than to picture dealers in a large way of busi ness, for, bit by bit, they had found out that no one could conclude a bargain so well as Old Co., and no one else knew so well when a bargain was worth concluding. He was of undoubted integrity in all such transactions, though being a Jew the reputation of a grasping nature had naturally fallen upon him, and some would have it that daring all the years he had passed a diligent but almost sordid existence he had been amassing wealth in secret. People were always a little afraid of him, and as he pottered about in the dirty little shop downstairs among his curios his hawk like eyes suddenly raised to some inquisitive loiterer at the window would cause the latter to flee. Even street urchins lost some of their audacity when that glance was turned upon them and the chanted allusion to Nebuchad nezzar popular in the neighbourhood, died upon their lip3, even when they had put heir impudcut heads inside the door s. recite under his nose the narrative about that potentate selling his wife for a pair of shoes. It was whispered round about that this allusion was peculiarly painful to Old Co., as according to tradition he had himself once had a young and beautiful wife, though what had become of her nobody knew. Very little indeed was known of bis domestic history. He had been living in this dark, narrow street, where the windows were nevercleaned, so long that he had become as much a part of it as the patches of decayed plaster falling! from the walls, and people ceased to speculate j whether he had himself ererbeenyoung.; He seemed somehow to have been specially created out of the shadow of the past to pre side' over relics • of bygone., daye,to move among the dusky memories of what had been, and to renew the splendours that .came from the vanished hand of some old master. " • v; He held no intorcourso with the dull, com mon mass'of inhabitants' in his neighbour hood^ thouglrhis' manner of living was as poverty-stricken as their own, but titled and wealthy connoisseurs sought him out and were struck by the. brilliant originality of a mind choosing to remain in the obscurity of this wretched street, and resisting all their efforts of patronage or- kindness, to endeavour to remove its possessor to a more congenial sphere. It might have appeared at first sight as if it was hardly safe for this solitary old man to live in such a place, considering the valuable nature of the property he dealt in, but he was no fool, and had taken ample precautions, and the trust he placed in the honesty of the population had never yet been shaken. They were too stupid to be thieves, he would say with a shrug of his lean shoulders expressive of contempt, and indeed most of them looked upon the contents of this musty old shop as so much rubbish only fit to be thrown on the dust-heap, and which none but a crack brained Jew would dream of hoarding. He stood in front of the empty frame a long time after those he had summoned on the dis covery of his loss had gone their various ways, and his sallow face was puckered with thought. Then all at onco he began to bestir himself among his paints and varnishes as if to com mence his occupation tor the day. The light from a single high window fell with intensity upon his bent back, covered now with an ancient cashmere dressing-gown, frayed and torn ut the edges, and upon the spare grizzled locks straggling from beneath what had once been a highly ornate smoking-cap. All around him were sombre brown shadows into the depths of which he dived every now and : again, grunting with dissatisfaction if he | failed immediately to lay his hands on what ho wanted. An easel of heavy proportions stood in the highest light, and it was on that the Madonna of the Sepulchre was to have been placed for certain restorations before being delivered over to its recent purchaser. The old man moved the easel testily out of his way, as if the recollection annoyed him, and dragging out a smaller one from where it leaned against the wall, proceeded to place a very fair copy of a Greutz upon it. " Not genuine, not genuine," he muttered, with some contempt, after tapping and turn ing the canvas about in his hands, while he held it this way and that to peer more closely into the painter's technique. " What fools these country people are; they hoard things in their galleries for generations, and each one believes, the tradition his predecessor hands down to him, without ever having the 6ense to. ascertain the truth. A Greutz indeed! Even he would turn in his grave at having such a thing attributed to him. Ah, well, I must clean it, I suppose, and make it shine like a new kettle. It is wonder ful how such a crust could settle on it in the time,'' andOldCo. drew his lip up until his nose looked longer and more pronounced than ever. He went on doggedly with his work, keep ing his cars open all the while for any signs of movement* in the shop. It was quiet enough at present, but ne dreaded an in vasion of newspaper reporters and inter viewers, so soon as bis loss had been noised abroad, which it could not fail to be in a little time. His mind seemed soothed and com posed uuder influence of his daily habits, however, and the old man who had grasped the air was quite another being to the prae- j tical individual who roasted his own potatoes ; over a handful of scanty fuel, and who! grudged every moment of precious daylight J as he diligently scraped away at the counter- i feit Greutz. The sombre shadows deepened, closing gradually round the old man as ho sat perched ] on his high stool. They came creeping nearer j and nearer, like the walls of that diabolically constructed dungeon are said to have done round some miserable victim of the Inquisi tion. Yet he perscrered at his task till the I "wreathed smile" on the pictured face bo- | came phantom-like. There was a beckoning ; air in the backward inclination of the head, and the old man's Angers faltered. He raised his eyes stealthily, and let them travel round the room, then slid from his perch, and stood irresolute. The shadows darkened and thickened. He breathed in short snorting kind of gasps, as if the atmosphere bad be come too confined. A. comer of the gilt frame hanging empty on the oppodte wall gleamed at him like an eye full of triumphant malice, and at that moment a voice sounded slirilly in the deserted street. "Mysterious theft of a well known pic ture 1 Loss of the celebrated Ma-don-ner!" The Jew shook from head to foot as he listened, for this was the notoriety he had expected. II. Two hours later the shop door was burst impetuously open, and a sum, well- dressed youth stood on tho threshold shading his eyes in the 6olitair shaft of light, from the room beyond,' which shot through the darkness and feU on his face. Then he made his way cautiously amid the bric-a-brac. "It is I," he cried in answer to a surly growl. " It is Reuben." ""YFho told you to come?" snarled old Co., standing in the doorway of his work room, whence he surveyed his visitor with anything but an inviting air. "No one told me to come," faltered the youth. "Then go back to your rich relations, as your mother did before you, and don't trouble me again," the Jew said, harshly. "Isit true\v whispered the lad, coming \- "Is what true?": ' -. * : -x*'They say you will have to pay for thii picture, and it will be ruin for a man in your way of business." " Ah, they say that, do they?" • "Yes, yes; and I came hero because I was afraid yon might do something desperate." The old Jew did not answer for a moment. It-may bet that- some fibre less- .tough than others in'his nature was touched, for he stepped backwards beneath, the swinging lamp, his lean hands folded, and gazed thoughtfully at tho beautiful boyish counten ance. with its touch of eager compassion in the parted lips and dreamy eyes.. In that light and with that expression, it was a head such as Raphael himself might have painted for a youthful St. John, and, the pictorial instinct uppermost, Isaac Cohen first im pressed himself with that idea, then began vaguely to reokou how much such a picturo would be worth. But these were only fleet ing confused tricks of thought which arose from habit; underneath them all lay some thing that angered him, while it set all the pulses in his body quivering, for he both longed to strain Reuben to his breast and at tho same time to cruelly repulse him. ,Seeing some traces of this agitation, with out rightly divining its cause, Reuben ap proached and seized both the withered hands in his own in an impulsive outburst of boyish affection. "Let me live for you—lot me work for you," he exclaimed. To his astonishment the old man shook him off as if he had been some poisonous reptile, and stood motioning him to go with a vehement gesture more eloquent than speech'. " Oh, why do you hate me so ?" cried the lad, instinctively cowering for an instant beneath that malignant glance. " Why do you look at mo as if you would kill me?" Reuben cast a look of terrified appeal round the room, and his" eye encountered tho empty frame hanging on tho wall. Then the fear died out of him, and be turned with a sigh of compassion towards the strjfnge demented figure in the tattered gown, which still stood in a menacing attitude before him. " Father!" The word came like a whisper from some forgotten paradise, like an echo heard in a dream, or like some strain of music "floating back from bygone days, and Old Co. trembled at the sound. "Father," continued the other, eagerly, seeing the advantage he had gained. " For years I dreamt of you and wondered what you were like. Oh, how often I have .cried because they said you were harsh and cruel, and hated the sight of your only child. They told mo how my mother, - an orphan girl, was married to you against her will, and how she ran away from you to her brother and took me with her, so that never again did either of U3 cross your threshold. In-spite of all this I longed ro see my father, and- ono day they brought me to this place and told you I was " And hers," hissed the Jew angrily; and he spat upon the' ground. "Her face, her voice, her touch,*' he~ shuddered. . "Yes, my poor girl mother. She is dead," said the boy, with tears quivering in his voice and eyes. "God knows whether your treatment shortened her life, but I— your son—offer to come back, to leave' the rich uncle who is kind to me, and to be the prop and stay of your old age. When I heard of the misfortune which has befallen you, I resolved to come," he concluded, with a grave dignity beyond his years. Old Co. took two or three paces about the room, his head sunk on his breast, and his arms hung loosely at his sides. He shuffled rather than walked in frit slippers, which mads no noise, and to Reuben, who was accustomed to the well- groomed appear ance of the portly Jew, his unrie, in his luxurious surroundings, this mean bent figure, slipping furtively about, had some thing repulsive. * All the horror which his youthful mother must have felt for such a husband sickened in the boy's soul. He felt almost a* if her spirit possessed him, and he was living over again the sufferings she must have endured. Still ho did not waver in his resolution. " Does this place attract you?" The question was so sudden that Reuben started. His father was watching him keenly, with the skin of his face drawn up in that disagreeable, sneering grin peculiar to him. "No, but I could live here." " And what would you do ?!' " The same work as yours if you would teaih me, and—and I could mind the shop," said Reuben sweetly, but he sighed as if relinquishing 6ome cherished dream. " Hew 1 So you could turn yourself into a counter-jumper. You, with your airs of a young lord, and your superfine English education. What do you know about pictures?" Old Co. tweaked bis own nose derisively with a thumb and forefinger, making a sound that passed with him for laughter. "lam—I was to have been an artist," cried the boy quickly. " So your uncle has chosen that career for you?" sneered his father." I suppose he thinks he will make you an artist because it Is focliinnoMo >' is fashionable," and again he emitted that unpleasant caokle without moving a muscle. "Only God makes artists," answered Reuben, with one of those radiant looks which tranfigured his countenance into the angelicism of tho old pointers. Again his father marked and appreciated his beauty, but he turned away with the fierce gesture of a madman. "The devil makes thieves," he broke out all at once. " Do you hear that, boy ? Your uncle hates me.' I believe he has sent you hero as a spy—a spy 1" His anger seemed , to choke him, but he seized Ins son's'arm with a: grip that made the lad feel siok and faint. ^It is a plot"to ruin me. There is the frame, [but where is the canvas-that was in it, and ' I worth fifteen thousand—fifteen thousand—a ' ! fortune? "Where is it? Gone, gone, gone!" I He paused a moment and looked round ; craftuy. - "There have been thieves, or a [thief. The picture is cut clean out. A boy 1 tlinf nn(li n nanlrnifa might do that with a penknife.' • "Yes," said Reuben fearfully, for tho old. man still held him as in. a vice, and his voicb had taken a sinister tono of accusation. : That picture, the famous Madonna of the Sepulchre, was hanging there the other day/. I 1 when your uucle brought you underpretenco :i of a wish to see your—father." ' ■ Tho boy glanced upwards for a. moment, and nodded. " It is a plot!" hissed the Jew, " and yon. e the tool—the instrument—tho thief. Go I Go instantly, lest you ho taken by the police : before my eyes." . , " ' - Before he could .make any but a horrified i exclamation Old Co. had shoved him through > the shop out into.the darkness, arid'closed the] door uppn his son. . • ' ; Reuben stood for a moment stupefied, then : with the cry of a wounded animal .fled • dawnT the narrow street.-;v- ' r m. The affair of the missing Madonna created a great stir in the art-world for a certain! period, and then, as no clue of its whereabout.0. j could be traced, tho story drifted into a kind' of legendary lore. It was years ago now since the dingy shop had becomo at one and tho same time notorious and vacant. On the morning after lie had j thrust his son into the street, people noticed that Old Co. failed to have his shutters taken 1 down at tho usual hour. At first the circura- ! stance only gave rise to a few comments, for 1 Jarvis, tho handy man, was known to have*; taken his dismissal the day before, but as a whole week crept on the neighbourhood, going about its affairs in the same shiftless , way as usual, found its curiosity stirred at last to something bordering on a pitch * of. frantic excitement. "When the police ap-, peared upon the scene local interest hod ' centred itself. A large crowd already blocked the thoroughfare, and stood agape for details of a more or less blood-curdling' nature. AH sorts of surmises 'were abroad, tho least sensational of which was thesupposU tion .that Old Co. had put an end to himself iu despair at maldng good the loss of the picture, but others would have it that a sanguinary murder had taken place on the spot, and by the.perpetrators of the first crime. Men, 'women, and children now surged and swayed, a compact mass of struggling eagerness, to get the first glimpse of this supposed tragedy. An imaginative spectator might have seen in them a pack of wolves transformed into human shapes,*' ready to burst in and devour tbe inhospitable Jew, wbo had so often driven thera from this very door, and of whom they had hitherto lived in fear,'riot unterapered by superstition." | Something like a roar of exasperation was-, given vent to .by the crowd, therefore, when they were forced back by the police,-wliilo * coriplc of officials made their way into tho /1 Within , all was dark and silent, and the men proceeded cautiously to let in a littla light, for they expected every moment to stumble either over or upon* a dead body. Everything was left exactly as it had been except that in one corner of the inner room a : J case stood ready packed and directed to some country seat in a Midland county. On open ing it was found to contain the spurious. Greutz 1 * restored'' and ready to be returned • to its owner, but of Old Co. himself there was nothing to be seen. He hod vanished as com pletely as the Madonna, which the outsido world was just then making such a bother over, and whose frame still hung upon the - wall. Every nook and cranny of the house . was searched in vain—the Jew was gone. When the mob heard that neither murder 1 nor suicide had been committed in this dingy I abode to complete a curious tale and invest a j common-placo district with tragic dignity, the news dispersed them liko a sleety rain,. sullenly to their homes. They could ulmost '. picture the old man's grin at thus baulking. them of a scnsaliou, and as the house stood - silent and empty for years after this it came to be an undefined belief iu the neighbourhood ! that some sort of ghost of the once familiar figure inhabiting it, still pervaded the place and chuekled incessantly at bis own bodily I disappearance. Reuben's uncle came forward to claim what property there was in tbe name of Isaac Cohen's son, but it was found that either by accident or design Old Co. had managed to dispose of his valuables, und only left suck - objects behind the sale of which just sufficed to pay tho rent and one or two small debts owing. His reputation for honesty remained untarnished, though the claim for the great picture was still in abeyance. Meanwhile the boy, to whom his father's mad accusation had been like a sudden thrust , of a knife, as he shut him out into the dark- ; ness, had grown and prospered. He was now a handsomo young artist, whoso I amiability and talents won for him an entree into tho best society, and fow would have looked for his origin iu the dilapidated dwell- ■ ing of on obscure by-street, out of which ho < had been contumeliously driven. In the year IB— Reuben Cohen determined to take up his abodo in Paris. His studies thero and elsewhere on the continent had ! resulted- in his gaining the Prix d'Honneur L at the Salon, at an unusually early ugc, * aud the enthusiasm called forth by his picture if led him to resolve ho could nowhere eWA be .60 appreciated nor so happy as in that^g capital. . J.r He was strolling through tho exhibition: oue afternoon, with a critical glance here anthL there, as something arrested, his atteutiotgl among the acres of canvas displayed upo*| & -Wttlls, when ho found himself ^unex pectedly. tho samo room with his own paint O - - A' sort of • natural-modesty mode him drawback on perceiving- tho spectators clus tered in front of his work, which horo its blushing honours inscribed on a,brass tablet .fixedupon the frame, but tho next instant his ore had caught sight of a bent and shabby figure eagerly pushing its way among the \- °r^stantly Reuben felt liimselr back among the dusty bric-a-brac of tho little shop. His -fame had vanished. He was no longer tho , guccessful genius, but the repulsed and tender hearted boy whoso sensibilities had been cut to tho quick. .As one in a dream the artist approached his own picture, and heard the remonstrances addressed to the strange figure elbowing its "Tiens!" cried a voice, "C'est le Juif errant, n est a la hate lo pauvro hommo !" A good-humoured laugh greeted this sally, and room was made, while Reuben stole to the ed°-o of the crowd to watch the old man's face. °A long, white beard dropped upon bis breast and concealed the greater part of his • features. He looked so veuerahle, 30 pic turesque, that at first tho painter felt himself rdeceived. This was some model from the • Btudios who had imbibed a taste for art; not ; the lean, suspicious, and repulsive personage who had accused hia own sou. of being tho tool and accomplico of a crime. A feeling of "relief accompanied this hasty conviction, hut •'•all at once the Jew, who had now obtained a ■ good place, raised his eyes with the quick, stealthy, yet penetrating glance' which in /earlier years had filled the boy's soul with repugnance. The glance, however,- rested on .the ^cture, coldly at first, then critically. It : scanned every detail, it took in every effect,* both broad and minute. It was pitiless, severe, terrible, Reuben felt. The winner of the Prix d'Honneur stoo^ ttside, humbly waiting for a verdict which I seemed somehow to hold his future fate in the | balance. To anyone else the situation would [ have appeared absurd, for already the world ' had stamped his work, with its approbation * yet a horrible conviction seized the painter's ! mind that in thi3 figure, shuffling up and : down from length to length of his canvas, lay ■ the power of either exalting or paralysing for • ever any genius he might possess. "Ferine! on ferine!" It was the voico of the official already an nouncing that closing time had arrived. Tho cry was repeated in every room by the special guardian of each, and tho.lingering visitors ' driven irrisistibly forward as the gondarmes formed a sort of cordon behind them. Only the old Jew remained impassive, till, - seeing he did not hear, an official touched him on tho arm. With a start of horror, he drew himself away, the triumph gleaming in his eyes dashed bv a look of fear as bo caught sight .of the "uniform. The furtive, hunted expression of some bygone ancestor flickered over the wrinkled face for an instant; then he pointed with a trembling finger to the Prix d'Honneur. " Do you see that?" he exclaimed, shrilly." " It is painted by ray son. There is genius, I tell you, and it is painted by ®y sou!" . v "Allons, monsieur," said the gendarme, 'briefly, at the same time giving him a gentle push to clear the way. Reuben sprang to his.side and saved his father from falling. Old Co. was evidently weak from age and oycr-excitement. He . accepted' the support and allowed himself to be. dragged'away; Once out'in the open air some tf his former . strength and asperity returned. . , • "I can walk alone," he muttered, with drawing his arm. " You will get nothing by dogging the footsteps of a poor man like mq." Go your ways and leave rae to mine." - V.Nb, no," suid Reubenj firmly. "I am your son. Look at me as you did at my work ju&t; now, and seo if you do not recognise some feature of the lad you acted so cruelly towards that—that evening long ago ? " Even now ut five-and-twenty years 'of age his voice faltered at the allusion, but he was surprised to see how his father cowered before him, and trembled as if with guilt. "Ah, you have comeback to taunt and torment rae—come back with your mother's faco and eyes. Can you not leave me to die in peace?" cried the old man,, almost •piteously. • ' .' Where have you been all these years? Wo sought for you, and then ooiicluded you were dead." Reuben interrupted,7 with'. a \- mixture of wonder and pity as he stood look ing down at the strange figuro. * V . "Been? What does ibmatter wherelbave Tho old harsh suspicious tono returned. : ^"Father," cried the young man, with all hia former impetnosity,""you needhido no longer. I am a successful artist, and shall be; rich. I will pay the fifteen thousand pounds i for the lost Madonna." A look of crafty calculation came upon Isaac Cohen's venerable, sensitive countenance. "Fifteen thousand. . It is worth moro than: that now," he said, shaking his head. "Well, Heaven knows I will toil all my ufo to pay for it, even if it has risen to the hopeless amount of a national debt," ex claimed bis son. " Anything rather than letwe astain resting on my father's honour." Reuben threw his head back proudly as ho spoke. He still possessed a good deal of the beauty which had distinguished him in early yonjb though some of its radiancy liad been ^ *ko strength of manhood, and via Co. shuddered in his preseuco ns in that of l&Tcd; SSU^ *° sum up tho pettiness ''Come with mo," ho whispered, " I have here"11 ^ ^ youJ but not hero—not Showed him in silenco, wondering. They left tho wide, handsomeJ streets and crowded.bonlev/lTdfl: wlmrrt . hpn'Ai>. ft,rAA iia'; qgaintiuicci stored to see the pointer so bent on pursuing ywhat looked like an ordinary professional model, with < booked noso and white beard for attractions. The old man walked 'foster' than anyone would ' have imagined possible from his aged appearance, and• Reuben stopped briskly, fearful at every moment that he would vanish from sight' in the dingy purlieus they had now entered. It was dusk, almost dark, in those narrow ways, which seemed stifling to one unaccustomed • to their atmosphere. At another time Reuben's oyo might have found picturesque details' to arrest it in this old, forgotten part of the great city, but as he hurried on after the shadowy figure for ever flitting in front of him, he was onlv con scious of a vague uneasiness, and that far away above the houses the young May moon was sending silver Bhafts of light upon the squalorthroughwliioh they threaded their way. Suddenly Old Co. turned to make sure that his son had done his bidding, for ho had peremptorily desired him to keep a certain distance behind. He nodded his head towards a dilapidated building, and in another moment it seemed to have swallowed him in the cavernouB jaws of what had once been an imposing entrance, but "which now yawned like the toothless mouth of some huge monster. Reuben shuddered us he' plunged after him, for his nervous, fauciful tempera ment made him keenly alive to impressions. Ho stumbled as best ho .could up the filthy stairway, led by tho sound of his father's shuffling activity, for Isaac Cohen seemed gifted with tho instinct of somo nocturnal animal.. .. •It was like a .dream of purgatory to the younger man. AH tbo light-hearted joy of his existence had vanished; and when at last he stood within- tho sordid hiding-place."his father had chosen for himself,: Reuben shrank back appolled at tho misery it revealed.' "Ah!" he exclaimed, "and I have been living in luxury all this time." ' Vlou are a great painter," murmured tho old manias he turned up a small oil- lamp he had lit, and which smelt abominably; but he puid no heed to tho compassionate words or looks of this son whote tender, nature was so incomprehensible to his own. "Have yon enough to eat? How do -you livo?" cried Reuben,. catching hold of.his ragged sleeve. "Good heavens, to think you should starve for sako of a cursed picture that was taken away by some mean thief to whom it can never nave done any good." Tho old Jew plucked his 'sleeve away, and paced wildly up and down, his fingers twist ing themselves in his beard. >' "Yes, it is a cursed picture. It has ruined ray life, shattered my peace. It holds my soul .in torments—the torments of the damned," he.cried, hoarsely. "Come away then from this horrible place and think no more about it. -Come with rae. I In spite of everything you are my father. 11 am of your race and your blood. Atone to my mother's injured spirit by showing some affection for her son," said Reuben per suasively, holding out his hands with one of those expressions which still irradiated his features on occasions as in his impulsive boy hood. . , Old Co. stopped suddenly and looked at the young man from beneath his brows. "Her son!" he repeated slowly,' with bitter emphasis. r ■ ~ . Then all at once Rouben was conscious of a skinny hand clasping his ownj and the face of this strange parent gazing triumphautly updn him. ; "And mine!" cried Old Co; in'a voice that vibrated with intense passion."Yes, yes; I lay claim to the genius within you. Her son in face, form, and disposition, but mine, oil mine! in the power that shall make you a great man." V Let it be sol I am content so long as we are friends," said Rouben, with a determina tion to humour his father's eccentricities. ' " Why do you not hate'me'.as she did ?" i inquired Old Co. with a vague look of won derment in his sunken eyes. : : "Because I am sorry for you—because you are my father." • There was a straightforward simplicity in all the younger painter said or did which carried conviction even to the suspicious mind ! of Isaac Cohen. He remained silent for some moments, and then turned away with a quivering, long- drawn sigh. To Reuben this sign whs the first eigu of ordinary humanity tho old man had yet shown, and he regarded it as a sign that his own filial devotion hod not been quite thrown away. He never could explain, even to himself, the dual feeling with which this relationship inspired him. Here was a being whom he yearned to honour, and yet he was so constituted that his nature revolted from tho effort. Pity was the nearest kin to. lovo he could offer, but that pity was passionutc, profound, touched with self-accusing bitter ness, and mingled with a self-effacing desiro for propitiation. "They took him from mc," exclaimcd Old Co., with a suddenness that mado tho other start. "They thought to destroy my share in him, but destiny and inheritance are stronger than* Irate. My 6on has returned to me after all—yes,- in spite of them," liis voice trailed off into senile tears which dropped into his beard, and he appeared to bo addressing a dingy old curtain hung across tho'end of tho garret. Reuben was touched, though a .painful conviction 6oized him that his return was of small avail to soften cherished aniiriositios. . "Will you leave this wretched placo with mc, to-night? I can offer you luxury com pared to this," ho said, looking round at the ragged bed, heaped up in ouo corner. ' "What," cried Old Co., .with ah angry gesticulation advancing towards him. v " You come hero to drag me out into the world* to hold mo up beforo tbo public, to be laughed at, despised, condemned." ': v "For. what?" inquired Reuben, in be-j wildennent. . ; j . .. •.! : "For living under a spell I cannot break, for passing my life in worship of what I hate and despise—the worship of a woman." • There was something in his wild energy, as ho threw both arms up, as if in writhing protest that prevented tho younger man from smiling at so strange a declaration. " She lived in the Middle Ages," continued Old Co.; speaking a rapid undertone that had tlieeffectof aprolongedhiss. "Shesattobim as model for tho Madonna of the Sepulchre. I was the Jew boy who sat for-John the Baptist—but that is all long ago," he waved his hand as if to dismiss the. recollec tion, then crept up to Reuben and spoke fearfully into his ear, "That woman has dragged mc back through the long, long con turie8. It is only for short periods I can live truly in my own and mix with ray con temporaries." - " I will help to drive those fancies from your mind," said Reuben, reassuringly. " No, no"; they cannot be driven. Fancies, you .talk of what you do not understand. Why did I—a man of fifty—marry a girl of fifteen? Tell me that." ' „ • He spokenowwith a peculiar contemptuous snarl. Madness and age combined made him truly hideous to behold, and his son put. out both hands with a gesture of disgust he could no longer overcome. • " It was cruel, a shameful bargain'on the part of an untrustworthy guardian to let you have her," he cried, hoiliug over withTin-' dignation. "Never mention it to mo again." "Ah!" exclaimed" Old Co.; "excitedly, "your mother had'the face and form of that witch who sat for the Madonna;' She drove me mad even when I tried •to.bcat 'it out of-her. I should have killed her for hating "me while she held.rae in the toils of ;her beauty—but," lie paused, " she; ran ■ away and_' pre tended to bedead.".; • VWliatdoyoanican?" ' * • : A eudden hope throbbed in his son's heart. Could it be possible the mother he had adored in infancy was about • to! be restored insomo eccentric way to him after.all these years.! She-is dead,"- he said inburnfully. after a second turning his headaway.'- -. v ' ."When'helooked-roundagaiaiOld-Co.had withdrawn':the "curtain at; the:; end of the room and stood pointing exultantly at somo object; only .dimly. dit- cernible rin' the .feeble light.. » .Reuben'moved nearer,- liorror.'stricken, his j breath- coraing.riu gasps'/of ,pain. " Good ! .God I" he exclaimed, hoarsely,4"The Madonna of the Sepnlohre." ; ; - • He snatched the lamp off the rickety table and held it up to the canvas; oxamining with a" quick practised eye, all the marks of the picture's genuineness. Behind him* his own figure cast a menacing shadow over half the room, and- fell with * funereal blackness on "that of the Jew, who watched him in a kind of ecstatic raadnes9 of worshipping joy. " My son, ray son, and himself a painter worthy to tread in the great footsteps," he muttered, rocking his body to and fro. Meanwhile tlie light flared up on to the sweet pictured face and down into Reuben's own, revealing signs of that likeness which seemed to have turned his father's brain, for Reuben had always closely resembled his girl mother. He pat the lamp down again. " Oh; God I" he groaned, in the bitterness of his spirit. "It is the lost Madonna, and this madman, my father, is the thief." : The old man made a timid movement forward and laid a hand upon his arm, hnt Reuben shook him off and staggered blindly from the room. . . "All that night the painter wandered, haggard and dejected through the streets. The burden of disgrace lay heavily upon him. It had fallen with crushing forise on to his sensitive nature, and he shmnk from the duty that lay before liim. : 1. ' . . The picture had never been lost, only .vilely secreted, and must be promptly restored to its legitimate owner. • _ • v . • Who was he? .Reuben did not know; only ho felt he must search him out were he com felled to walk barefooted through the world, fc was like the.touch of a" rea-hot-iron to think that his own name must henceforth be smeared by connection with that of the cul prit. His name which lie had jnst considered made! At dawn he found himself on one of the bridges over the Seine, and a freshness in the air that stole up from the gently ruffled waters brought, back a certain amount of calmness to his bruin.' Just as the first yel lowing: streak shot across the sky, however, an idea rushed into his mind, which made him hold on to .the parapet, whilo he shivered violently with the fright it had inspired. Then ho made a bewildered attempt, to retrace his.steps, muttering to himself. " If I can only be in time—if I can only bo in time. ' Merciful heaven! grant that I be" not too late!" ' " • . Those persons who were abroad drew aside as he passed. / They shrugged their shoulders and sighed with compassion. A handsome man driven distracted by love or gaming. Ah, well! the world was always so! . One sees strange sights in a great city, and they fell to picturing a fine corpse stretched on one of the tiled slabs in the morgue, whilo a crowd drank iu the sight with eager admiration. Led by some strange instinct meanwhile, Reuben found his way into the mean quarter ho had quitted in such abhorrence. \- He dashed up tho narrow stairs and flung open the door. \- Then all at onco ho stood still, quite silent. Ho was in time, and yet—too lato J ; .The great masterpiece hung there in all its radiant beauty, lightodup by tho newly-risen sun, which streamed in at the garret window, and before it Jay a motionless figure, with face upturned, and thin, yellow hands clutch ingsorao papers to its breast. • : > ' * . Tho Madonna of tlio. Sepulchre was safe from any frenzied desire Old Co; might have been seized with to destroy the object of hia delusion. There he lay, already stiffening under the rigid touch of the sculptor Death, and it was with awe, not untcmpercd with thankfulness, his son knelt down to withdraw thepapers from'his grasp. He glanced almost mechanically at their contents, and, little by little, the truth about the missing picture dawned upon his brain. Henceforward Reuben Cohen would be the sole possessor of this- coveted masterpiece. There was no claim in abeyauce, for in his roundabout, secret fashion, Old Co. hod pur chased it for himself. : He had stolen it from the eyes of the world—that, alone was his crime—to gloat ever its beauty with,the strange fanaticism of a madman. 