By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM. Author of "A Monk of Cruta," "A Daughter of the Maroni," etc. Published by special arrangement with Messrs Ward Lock & Bowden, Ltd. [All RIGHTS RESERVED]. CHAPTER XXVI. I "GIVE WARNING" By ten o'clock in the morning I had written a letter which caused me a good deal of trouble and anxiety. It was to Sir Francis Devereux:- "The Cottage, Deverenx, "Wednesday morning. "Dear Sir Francis Devereux,- "You will, I am sure, agree with me that the revelation of last evening renders it imperative on my part to leave Devereux at once, or as soon as possibles. I must ask you, therefore, to accept this note as an intima tion-of my desire to do so as soon an con venient to yourself. "No one could regret more than I do the necessity which has arisen, and I am deeply sensible of all year kindness to myself and to my sisters. But, under the circumstances, it would be, of course, quite impossible for me to remain here as your agent, nor I am sure would you wish it. As to the other offer which you were generous enough to make, the answer which I gave you at the time is absolutely irrevocable. "With regard to the attempted bnrglary here last night and assault upon Miss Devereux, I shall be prepared to give evi dence whsn fsho men is oharged. There are several matters connected with the estate with which I will not now trouble you, but which I shall be glad to lay before you or Mr. Bansome before I go. My books I am prepared to hand over to my successor or to Mr. Bansome at any moment. "Thanking you again for the uniform and, I fear, undeserved kindness which I always received from you, "I remain, yours obediently, "HUGH Arbuthnot. "To Colonel Sir Francis Devereux, Bart." Having despatched this, I ordered Black Prince, and rode away to a distant part of the estate to superintend the felling of some timber. As usual, when going any distance, I took some lunch in my pocket, and ate it on a stile whilst the men knooked off for dinner. Just as I had lit my pipe and was preparing to start work again-for I was not afraid of using my hands, and need to take a pleasure in getting through as much as any of the men-I heard the sound of horses' hoofs on the smooth, wide, velvet sward and glancing up quickly saw that the who's party from the Court were close upon me, all except Muad and the elders. I drew back indifferently to let them pass, and bowed to Lady Olive, who was riding by the side of Francis Devereux. She started when she saw me, and, detach ing herself from the rest of the party, rode over to me. "Fancy coming upon you, Mr. Arbuthnot, and hard at work too! What are you doing?" "Cutting down trees, Lady Olive." "Well, you look in a nice mess," she de clared frankly. "What do you want to work yourself for? It's a shame that you should." I laughed at her indignation, thinking only that her flushed cheeks made her look incommonly pretty. "I like working," I answered. "What would you have me do? Shack about with my hands in my pockets all day?" "I don't know," she said, hotly. "But when I think of that idle, lazy young Francis dawdling his life away, doing nothing except ape a man about town, and then think of you working hard every day, and remember who you are, it makes me feel angry. Do you know, I longed just now to push him out of his saddle. It souldn't take much, I don't think." IU laughed outright, but Lady Olive remained serious. "Well, perhaps you'll be better pleased to hear that I am going to give up working -here at any rate," I said. "Of course I can't stop now." She looked steadily between her horse's ears growing a shade paler, and I leaned against the stump of an oak-tree wondering how a riding-habit could have been made to fit so well, and admiring her dainty little figure. "When are you going?" she asked, suddenly. I shrugged my shoulders. "As soon as Sir Francis will let me. I have 'given warning.' " She looked down at me, and spoke a little hurriedly, but with a frank, sincere look in her flushed face. "Mr. Arbuthnot-I suppose I must call you Mr. Atbuthnot-I think yours is the saddest story I have ever heard. I want you to let me tell you that I feel for you, as much aa any one possibly could do, and I think you are behaving splendidly, just as I would have my own brother behave if he were in the same position." I felt more moved even than I should have cared to own, for I was just in that mood when kind words were sweet, and I had always liked Lady Olive. "You are very good," I said, warmly. "Believe me, it is a great pleasure to me to hear you say this." "Have you any idea yet where you are going?" she asked, "or what you are going to do!" I shook my head. "To London, first, and then I shall try and discover my father, and get him to let me throw in my lot with his. Somehow I think that I shall end by being a soldier. It's in the blood, I suppose." "Mr. Arbuthnot," she said, frankly, stretching out her hand, "may we not be friends? I have never asked so much of a man before, but, but--" I took her little hand, and did not at once release it. "I shall be always glad to think of you as such," I said, warmly; "but I'm afraid it isn't very likely that we shall meet again after I leave here. My life and yours will lie very far apart." "I'm not so sure of that?" she answered, with an attempt at gaiety, "I'm going to travel about a good deal next year; and - and Mr. Arbuthnot," she added, colouring a little deeper, "I know you'll forgive me for saying, it, but my father-he's am bassador at Rome now, you know-has a good deal of influence in London, and especially at the Foreign Office, and if there was anything he could do for you - oh, you know what I want to say," she broke off, suddenly, and looking away that I might not see the tears a in her eyes. "You may want to try and get some appointment abroad or something, or even if you decided to go into the army, he might be useful to you, and he would do anything I asked him. He is very kind, and-and it would make me very happy to feel that we were helping you a little." Was it so great a esin that for a moment I longed to draw that tearful little face down to mine and kiss it? I had never been in the least danger of falling in love with Lady Olive, bright and fascinating though she was, but at that moment it occurred to me that the man who won her would be a very fortunate man indeed. "Lady Olive," I said, earnestly, "I scarcely know how to thank you. I cannot tell you how much I feel your kindness. I shall take you at your word, and write you if ever I need any help, and if I do not I shall always like to think of your offer." She smiled down at me beamingly. "I am so glad you're not offended. Of course I shall see you again before you go, and I will bring you down a card with my address in London. Good-bye. No, au revoir." She touched her horse with the whip and galloped away after the ofters and the bright winter's day seemed to me less bright when she had gone. I watched her out of sight, and at the bend of the grassy road she turned round in her saddle and waved her whip. I returned her farewell with my hat, then, when she disappeared, I went baok to my place amongst the men, and worked till the perspiration streamed down my face, and I was obliged to take off my coat and hang it on a branch of a fallen tree, But I felt all the better for it, for it has always seemed to me, as it did then, that hard physical labour is the most magnificent relaxation for an over-wrought mind. When the sun set and our day's work was over, I was stiff and my arms were sore, but my heart was lighter than it had been since this crisis had come. I stood filling my pipe and chatting to the foreman whilst one of the labourers had gone for my horse, until he, too, followed the others, and I was left alone. At least I thought so, but I was mis taken. A voice, croaking and weak, al most at my shoulder, suddenly startled me, and I turned round to find an old woman, bent double leaning on her stick, with her bead-like eyes fixed upon me. "Who be'st you?" she said. "Be you him as they call the agent?" I acknowledged that it was so, and that my name was Arbuthnot. "It's a lie," she answered, deliberately. "Dost think that Sarah Milsham knaw'st not a Devereux when she seest one? Be'st thou Muster Herbert's son ? God bless him." I looked around anxiously, but there was not a soul in sight. "Thouy be'st a son o' my Mr. Herbert," she muttered. "I knaw'st thou be'st so like him that I thought thee was a ghost boy. What be'st thou a doing here? Wheres't thy father?" "Abroad, mother, since you know me. Who are you?" "Who be ?" she laughed, a mirthless unpleasant laugh. "Why, thee hasn't heard of Sarah Milsham? I nursed your father when he were a baby. What be'st a doing here, boy? Hast come to kill Rupert Devereux?" "He deserves it," I cried, hotly. "So afore God he does," cried the old hag, tremulously, "and die he will, for I ha' seen the mark o' death upon his fore head. But it'll be no by your hand, no by your hand, boy. What be'st a doing here? Go to thy father, boy! Why hast left him alone?" "I am going," I answered. "Please God I shall be with him before many months." "Ay, go, boy, go," she quivered out, "and tell him this from me. Tell him that sure as Devereux Court is built upon a rock, I, Sarah Milsham, shall live to see him here again. Sure as that limb of hell, Rupert Devereux, bears the seal of death upon his forehead, so sure the day will come when the whole country shall welcome him home again, and old Sir Francis shall be proud t' own him for his son. Tell him Sarah Mil sham said so." She hobbled away into the wood and commanced picking up sticks. I would have followed her, but she held out her hand to prevent me, and would not answer me when I spoke. So I mounted Black Prince and galloped away homewards. When I entered Marian's room I saw that she had a visitor. Sir Francis Devereux was leaning back in my easy chair, laughing at one of my sister's quaint speeches, and she was handing him a cup of tea. 