THE master of old court PLACE; 1 OR. FR91V1 TREACHERY TO TRUST. UY HEDLEY RICHARDS. Author of “Sentence Pronounced," "A . -Welsh Princess,” “The Omerod My j etery.” Etc., Etc. XIV.—(Continued:) \ 1 landed in England,” con thiJec. Mrs Carruthers, "I at once en gaged a detective to trace you and ' rvi^n 2Iai tln had not married you' ,,a hen tnc news came that AgathS had been drowned t?, tracer! tn -w- > tKe t!me you w-ese thlt vnn JI1SS\?elaney’S y0U had heard andS^-f " 016 Ml Sturt s granddaughter and heiress, so that the offer I had inten <?T^akin£r was superfluous.” fluiredGmcr 5’°U S°ins to ofCer?” in' ■vou° f3 wlle<-ac°mfol'tabie income upon a nnr‘lf ed t0 show my s>'mpathy in ca n , Way’ Yes- Grace—if I may aaLJr ? Ta~U'tm the time 1 beard of the vmi ) felt a deep sympathy for thin 1 UCh has devel°Ped into love. One the rw1 afl-puzzled me vefy much—that ‘ments f,Tr,1Ve+faiIed to trace your move house ,tn hG time y°U left Martin’s covered to v, y°U,W6re accidentally dis I hal’J11 b? residin£r at ^ss Delaney’s, her/' ondered how you got to ltnow “LCan easi,y explain that. Sidney and o me 5f0m committing suicide;” awfu?^netew d Wllat happened on that ages ago”461"S niSrbt’ which now seemed w.retch Martin Barron is! n° mei‘Cy °n any soore,” sam Mrs Carruthers. Arc >;pu still resolved to have your re-tenge? asked Grace. ' «5t*’ bitter one it will be.” ... .But think of Alice. What an aw-'ul SUffc^Jth'111 bS f°r her i£ her husband SJce penalty of his crime,” urged ; ‘‘She doesn’t love him/’ •«., Bat she bears his name, and will feel tb?T dls^z'ace keenly,” pleaded Grace. tnA.n! ^laVe,my revenge. Martin Bar L°a V ™y brother—yes,and shortened ty£athor,s Ilfe, besides causing a slur to test on ms name. I know some people w he kilIed Clifford-that he Jlas nat m Wales at the time of the mur aer. I will vindicate his name and have lny revenge.” nco *s mine. I will repay, -Th ” said Grace solemnly.. a* may be; but I cannot stand and Wait. Beside, look at that poor mad •girl. I am certain she is Phyllis Blount, and she must be released.” yoa any nearer finding- out the *raGl about the murder?” asked Grace. >, 7?S’hut once the ghost of Agath Goddard enters Old Court Place, she wl learn something'.” “You don’t mean to go there?” ex Claimed Grace. Indeed I do. Martin thinks I am j spirit, and so does the old butler. I fea no one but Martha Gee, as she has shar] eyes and a sharp tongue." . I should advise you to be cautious lor if Martin discovers who you are .and your object in coming here, you life may be in danger.” ] * ' “I know that; but I don’t mean to le inn discover anything. Do you ltnoi it seems to me that everything is work ing so as to bring the crime to ligh * For instance, that dream of Alice’s i ■a very singular thing. Then there i .the way in which that girl manages t parade the house. I cannot understan how she escapes from under Marth Gee’s vigilant eye, but I mean to find he hiding place,” said Mrs Carruthers, a •.She l'ose. “Well, this has been a night of revels ■tions, and now I should like tc knoi "What I am to call you?” said Gfa.ce. ‘ **1^ won’t do to call me Maude, c Martin might learn my name from h: Wife. Then his suspicions would pei haps be aroused, so for the present 'Diust he Mrs Carruthers.” : At that moment the clock on the mar tel-piece struck one, and with a goc night the friends parted. When she was alone Grace ’ seate herself and fell into a train of though .which finally merged Into the one que: Mon—“Could she stand by and see Ma Mn Barron delivered up to die a felon •Sieath? If he had murdered Captai Goddard he richly deserved his fat hut she had once loved him,” and Grac •Shrank from the thought of the awfi 800m that awaited him. Of course in warning, him she woul . be acting unfairly by Mrs Carruther and this thought weighed strongly wil ber. At last she resolved to wait, .ai: See how matters turned out, as It-, we •quite possible that the additional proi Required riiight not he easy to find. The Martin would be safe. “But poor Alice, what of her? Ws She to be allowed to spend her-life wil 6, man1 whose hands were stained wil "blood?” It was a knotty question, and with ■Sigh Grace gave it up, arid prepared ft rest. - __ 