PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL' -ARRANGEMENT.-' ; ' A Very Strange Story, By L. T. MEADE and DR. HALIFAX, Joist Aothorb or "SlOBIM PBOX THS Dust.ot jlHoctor." . COPYRIGHT.' CHAPTElt XXXV. REAL faint, or suspension.' of the heart's action, \ is' never a long affair. "When Hetty fell in an taaconscious'state j .C>J against the body olher dead ; husband she quickly recovered herself.' t Her intellect was keen, enough, and she "knew exactly what had happened. - The ; nice black stuff -which gave suchpleasaht ' dreams had killed Vincent., She laid /"therefore killed him. Yes, lie was \ stone dead—she had seen death oheevor \- twice before, and coiild-not/possibly £ mistake it. She had seen lier' mother ttdie long ago, and had stoM.hy the h deathbed of more than one neighbour.' The cold, the stiffness,/the 'gray-white f; appearance, all told her ,. beyond/the t\ possibility of doubt that/life was not E'only extinct,: but had' been r; extinct p-for at least a couple of hours. -/Herhus I' band was dead. "When she had given him |i that fatal dose he had been in the'full ti. vigour of youth . and health—now he I'was dead. She had nevcr. loved him "'in 1; life, although ho had been an affeb I tionate husband to her,/'-but at this ft moment she shed a few tears for, him. 5 Hot' many, for they were completely swallowed up in the fear and; terror which grew greater and, greater; each :;i moment within her. He was dead, and 1 she had lulled him. Ibng ago she Had r concealed the knowledge' of a/murder i. because she loved the man! who ."bad / committed it. How-she had committed 2 murder herself—not intentionally,- no, I no. Ho more had, she intended to kill Vincent than Awdrcy whea : he was but \- that night had intended, to' "take the/life i of Horace Frcro. But Kero: was'dead,• " and now Vincent was dead/ and--Hetty . would be tried for the crime." . Ho, surely they could -.iot . try hef-^they \- could not possibly bring it homo to her: How could such- a littloj - timid,; weak •creature be supposed fo takc tho dife df ■ abig man? She had never intended to . injure him—she. had-.only> intended to give him a good -slcep,; tof.rest hiin " thoroughly—to deceiyp, .himj 'of"eonrse" —to do a thing which slie knew, might break his heart; but to take his life,no, " nothing was further from herthoughts.' : nevertheless the deed was done.- -; . Oh," it,-was horrible; "horribles-Hie \- hated being so close to the,' dead .body./ • It was no longer Vincent, the man who h XeuU-hayo protected"her at' therisk Of ; his, life, it was u hideous" dead body, j: 8W'would get away from itw-she would 5 creep up closo to Itovci-. : woiidoi f Hover hated the room;; perhaps/he saw I the spirit of her husban'd. -phh how frightened 6he was: /What 'was .the ; matter , with her :>ado?^why>;^did' ; her heart heat so sttangely,/galloping one, two, three; then pausing, then one, | two, three again?—and:the pain,'the |, nek, awful pain! Yes, sho. know—she K was sick to death with tenor: " ib'c up presently from -where she |/ Md jhcca heeling by lror dead hus £.band's side and staggered • across to the r fireplace. She tried wildly to- think, t but sho found herself incapable of | . reasoning. Shivering violently, . slie | approached the table, poured .out a cup I of the cocoa, which wor still hot.'-and cocoa, which was still hot, and ; managed to drink it off.; The warm t liquid revived her, and Bhe* felt,a shade, s better and more capable of -thought. ; Herons instinct was now.to save her 1 'it - '"u-eui, was uoan—110.0110 m air r the world could bring him hack to life, ji .?at, if possible, Hetty would so act th'ut j/.not a soul in all the . country/ would i; suspect her. How. could sho, make S ~ing8 safo? If it wero known, I &0Wn cvolTwhoro, / tliat.. she: w:?s. I him when' ho 'di,cd; |J><* of course Bhe wovdd'he-safe. Yes, this; fact "must be known. Onco she bad stwed'thnSquirbjJnow^ save her.; It^ must be known' every where that she liad sought all" interview withhim^that; at ^ ccnt died she was'iri tlic . Squire's pre sence,'* shub'.up in,the office with him,' thodoor "locked—she'- and the ;.Squirc alone together. " This, secret, which she would havo fought'to; the death to'keep to herself, an hour' ago,' 'must •; now 'he blazoned .'abroad to■ a criticising world." The lesser danger" to the Squire'must he completely;^ s'wallowed hup : .in the greater danger to , herself.' . She must hurry, to liim at' once and- get"' him to tell, what she knew. Ah; yes, if ho did tliis ehe"woiild be s!ife—she remcm hered the right word. at Uiist, for, "slie had heard 'the: heighhoursvspeakhof .it when'a celebrated, trial' was . going'.'oniin Salisbury—she must' prove, an . alibi-^—. then it would ho known that ; she had bee'n abseht'fi'our'home whenher-hus-. bahd died. ,• : The.' imminence o£,:,the danger, made hcrfeelqmct and .steady. Shetookup thc-Hghtcd candle and went back into the dairy—she unlocked; the cupboard I aml took. out; the -bottle of ..laudanum. Rctuihingte'thekitchcushccmptied the contents of'the bottlc iuto the range and then.'throwthe hpttle itself also into the heart of the fire—she watched it as it slowly 'molted.'under. the influence of tho hot;fire—the laudanum' itself was also licked up . by the hungry Iflaines. That telltale and awful evidence of her guilt was at least removed. She forgot aU abo'ut Siisan'hhving 6ecn the . lihuid hi tho mornihg—she knew nothing about the evidence which would be brought to fight at' a coroner's: inquest-wibont the fuctswhich' adoctorwoidd.be ; sure to discover. .Ifothing but tho hare;reality remsuned .prominently befofo her excited brain. Vincent was demWsho had killed him by. an oyerdosc'of laudanum which she had given him in ,'all iinriocehce ,to makchimslcep—-butyet,yet'iii''her heart of hearth, slic knew, that her motive would not heai- explanation, . v ; ; •i .vf Squire-will save mc;!,shc said to her self—'ifitis 'proved'that T were", with thc .Squirc.I am safe.. ; I will go to him now! I will tell him all.at once, ;r It is late, very late, and it "is" dark-. outside, but I will go.' - Betty left the room, leaving; the - dog behind her—heutterc-dafrigktful howl whenshe did so and followed her as far astfiedoorjdvMchshesbutnnd locked; ho scratched at it to try and rclcasehim self, but HeUy took ho notice^—sho was cruol aa regarded tbe dumb bcast's fcar in Her own agony and terror. ., She ran upstairs to-hei'.room,put on hor'yhat r and jacket, 'andVwcnt - out. Stumbling and trembling,-, she - wont along the. road . until she reached the summit of tho hill which "led: straight down in a gentle slope towards ■ Grand-: court. Sho was glad the ground, sloped downwards, for it ; was important - that sho;should quicken her footsteps in order to see tho Squire with as little delay as possible. She was quite oblivious of the lapse, of vtime since .her last visit, and hoped liemight still he in the office. She resolved to "try theoffice: first. If he were Jnot thero she, would go on to the hpiisc-^find him she must;.nothing should keop ; her > from lus presence to night. ... • Sho qiresohtly reached Grnndcourt, cntered.tho, grounds by a side entrance, land-punned her way thr'ough tho'dark ness.; -The; sky■; overhead;, was" cloudy, neither moon nor. stars were visible. Faltering and .falling .sho pressedrfor wind, and by-and-by reached the neigh bourhood of the office; She: saw li light burning dimly behind, tho closed blinds —ber.heart beat ivitli a sense of thank fulness—she staggered nip to the door, brushing.hcr dress : against it as she did so—she put np her hand and knocked feebly. The next instant the door-.was opened to her—a.man, h total stranger, confronted her,-but behind him she saw Awdrey.' i She tottered into .the room. ;Thc comparative • light and warmth withm,-after the. darkness and clully dampof the spring evening, made her head reel, and her eyes at first could take in no real object distinctly. She was conscious of uttering excited words, then she ...heard ■ the door shut behind her.1 She looked around—shevras alone with the Squire.. She staggered up to lum, and fell on her knees. . - ' - "?;Tou must save me- as L-saved. you long ago,' she panted, v ■ 'What is it?. Get up. What do you mean ?' said Awdicy. I mean,.; Squire—ohI. mcan.il wanted to. come. to you.r to-day, but Vincent,'ri-hcr ; ■ voico - ;faltorcd-^.'-Vin cent were iiiad wi' jealousy. -He'thought that I ought not to see you,- Squire; lie had got sunimat in -. his- brain,-. and it made him mad. Ho thought.that, per haps, long ago—Squire; I loved-you— long ago. .I'm not- afearedto say any thing, to-niglit; tlio -. truth will' out to night—I- loved you.long ago, I love you | still ;- yes, yes, with all my heart; with all my heart.; -You:never cared nothin' for .me, I know that well: You never did ino a wrong in thought nor in deed,■ I-know :that.well also; but.to me you were as a god, aud;I-loved you, I love you still, and Vincent, my husband, he mustkavo. seen it ? in my. face; but you did me no - wrong—never, in word nor in deed—only 1 loved, you—and I love you still.' - , , * J -.. 'You.-must be. mad,' said- Awilrey. fWhy liavo you come here to say .such words? ; Get up at once; yow-rwords and your actions 'distress me much. Get up, Hetty; try to compose yourself.' ' What I- havc come to say had best be said kneeling,' replied Hetty; 'it cases the awful pain in my side to kneel: Let mo- be,- Squire; let me kneel up against your father's desk: Ah! that's better. It is my heart—I-fhink.it is broke; anyhow it bcats. awfid,sand the pain is awful' : ' If you have come for any other reason than to say. the words you have just said, soiy them,anil go;' replied Awdrey Hetty glanced up at him. - His-face was hard, she thought - it- looked -cruel, she shivered from head to foot.\ -Was it for this man she had. sacrificed her life ? Then the . awful' -significance- of her errand came over her and she -.proceeded to speak -. ;Vincent saw -the .-truth in my- face,' she .continued.. •' ho -was mad-wi' jea lousy, and-be said that I wom't to come and sce yer. : He heard mo qieak to yei last night, lie heard, me »say it is a matter o' life and death and ho wor mad: ■Ho said I worn't to come; but .-I - wor mad : too, niad to come, and I thought I would got over him bj- guile.-- ■ I put summat m lus stout, and ho drank it— simimat, I' don't know the name, but I had often taken it myself and it always made mo a sight better, and I gave it to 'im in-his.stout,'-and lie draii.it; and then ho slept. He lav-down on the settle , m the-kitchen, and he went off into a dead sleep. , When he. slept real sound-L stole away and I come to you. I saw you this evening, and you spoke to mcundT spoke to you, and I begged of you to keep our secret, and I thought perhaps.you.would; and I come away feelin'- - better. I went back 'omc, and the place was quiet, and I got into the kitchen. ; Vincent was lying on the settle sound asleep. I thought nought o' his slecpin'; only to be glad, for I knew he could '.never- have missed inc. I made his supper for him; and built up the fii-c,' and T lit the lamps in. the house,;; and I took off: my . outdoor things. The; dog-howled,'.but 1 took no notice. . Presently.': I went . up to Vincent, ' and I shook , him—I shook 'im 'ard, but he did not wake; I took his liand in mine, it wor cold as ice ; I Ustcned for his: breath, there wor none, Squire,' said Hctty, rising now to her"feet,; 'my-man wor dead; Squire, I have killod. 'im, just the'same as'; you'' killed' the' man 'on; Salisbury Plain six years ago. kly husband - is dead, . and I have lnUed -lum,C:..Squifo, y ou must have me' as I saved you.'- / ' \- i'How can I ^-savo; you?' ; asked Awdrey. His ' voice had completely altered now. -In the presence of-.the real' tragedy all' the hardness left it. He sank into a chair near Hetty's side, he even took one - of her trembling hands in his.' , ' How am I to help you, you poor soul?' he said again.- v - ■ c.' : ' You -must prove, an alibi—that is the word.- Tou must say- "Hetty-wor wi' me, she'could not have skilled her man,"you must: say "that; .you must tell all tho world that you.-. and: mo was together here.' ' T will do better, than • that,' said Awdrey. . • .' "What do you mean ?' Hetty started back- and gazed . at him with a • queer mixture of hope and ton-or in her face. ' Better-r-but there ain't ho better,' she cried:? 'Ef you don't toll the simple truth I shall bo'hanged; hanged by the neck until ! die—I,/ who , saved-you at the; risk of my, own soul nearly six years gone.' ' I will notdet you be hanged,' said Awdrey, rising. ; 'Get-up, Hetty,;do not kneel to me. Toil do not quite knowwhat you have done; for ;nie to night -Sit on that chair—compose your self—try to be calm. - Hetty,' you'just camb in -the nick of "time.-j; God and the' devil wore lighting for my soul. In spite of all the devil's, efforts;God: was getting tho'. betfer of utjjand;-1—I-did not want him-:.- to. get tho.best. I wanted the devil to help me, and,-. Hctty. I even, prayed to him that he might come and help me. '. '."When I saw you comirig into the room I thought - at first .that .my prayer was answered.I seemed to see the devil -.on your face. KowT. see differently—your presence hns lifted a. great cloud from before my irund—I - see distinctly, almost as dis tinctly, as if - I were - in .hell itselfi the aivful; consequences which.must arise fromwrong-doing. :Hetty, I have.made up my mind j you,- of all people, have been the most;poweriul advocate on the, side of God to-night. "Wo will bbth: do the right, child—we. will both of-us. confess the simple truth.' ■ • ' Ko; Squire, no; they will kill -me; .they will kill me,' if you do not help me in the only way you can help me—you are-stronger , than me,. Squire—do mot lead me to my death' -•••.'•They will -not..kill you,-• but you must tell tho whole truth as . I will tell the truth. It can be proved that you gave tho poison to your : husband with no mtent .to. kill—that matter can be arranged.- Come with mo, Hetty, now —let us come together.: 'If -vou .falter I will strengthen you—if -I falter you will/ strengthen mo.,. "Wo- will go to gether at once and- tell—tell what you saw and what ;T did nearly six years ago' \- .' "What you did on Salisbury Plain?, silo a=ked ' Yes, the time I killed Prerc.'.? v -: -. -tKevcr,-never,' she answered; she fell flat on her face on the floor., - - \ -Awdrey tried to raise her up. < -. ..■ \- ' Come,'- he.said,.'I have looked into tho very, heart of evil, and,1 cannot hve m its full; presence—whatever the con sequences we mustboth tell the truth— and wo will do it together ; come at ' They will hang yon until you die,' said Hetty. . She shuddered as she lay prone upon the. ground. .. • . 'Kb matter—nothing could happen so bad as shutting. away the face of God. I will tell all, .and; you must tell all. Ko more lies for. either of us: "We will save our soids if our bodies die.' ■ t The pain—the: pam in my side,' moaned Hetty - ' It will be better aftcrwe have gone through, what is: before us. 'Come, ;I will-take your hand.' She gave it timidly; the Squire's fingers closed over it. '"Where are we to go?' she asked. ' Where are you taking me ?'■>:■ -■ . . 'Come with mo. • I will speak. Presently it will: be your turn—after they know, all, all the worst, it will he your turn to speak.' : • . ■ : .' -Who are to know all. Squiro ?' . w'Hy wife, my sisters, Mrs. Everett, my friends.' , - . 'Oh,' God,• God, why was I ovei born !' moaned Hetty. ; ■ 'You .will feel better. afterwards;! said Awdrey. ,' Try. and remember that in the awful struggle and ordeal of the next; fow minutes, your. - soul and mind willi be born. again—our souls will be •saved, from tho power of evil.- Bo brave, Hetty. > .You told me* to-night that yoii loved -me—prove the -greatness of your , love "by helping mo to' save my! own" soul.. and yours.'' ' ' ' ■ M wonder . if .-.this is, true,'; said • Hetty; i->*' You -rsec'nf' to lift 'me pout of , myself.' • She spoke -in a sort of. dull wonder. •'< It is true—it'is right—it is the only ,' thing; come at once.' She did not say any more, nor make the least resistance. 'They left the office '. together. ■ They entered the hall sido by side. Hetty looked pale and un- ' tidy ; her hair fell partly down her back; there were undried tears on her cheeks; her eyes had a wild and startled gleam in them; the Squire was also .: deadly pale, but he was- quiet and com posed. The fierce struggle which had . nearly rent his soul in1 two was com-. ; plctely over, at that moment. • In the calm there was also peace, and the peace ' had settled on his face; - v ." ; :. Mrs. Henessoy was standing": in flier; wide entrance hall. She. started when she saw her brother; then i she glanced at Hetty, then she looked again at thc :: Squire. ; ' Why, Robert!' she said, 'Robert!'. There was an expression about Hetty'a _ face and about Awdrcy's face whiofe silenced and frightened her. v . . ' What is it she said e low. voice,. ' what is wrong?' .• '-Where are:the others?.asked tha. Squire. " I want .to see them all im mediately.' V : ■ tThey are in the front drawmg-TCom —Margaret, Dr. Rumsey, Dorothy, ,mw husband and Dorothy's, and Margai-ctV:: uncle, Mr. Cuthbert.' 'I am glad he-is there.; we shall want; a magistrate,! said Awdrey. ■ - '■A magistrate! - What is the matter? . ' You will know in a moment, Ann#,; Did you say Rumsey - was in the draw- ; ing-room ?' • . ; , . • Yes"; they are all. there. Margaret' is playing, the Moonlight Sonata—you . hear it don't you, through the closed; doors—she plays, 6o mournfully-that I' ran away—I" hate music that affects mo . to tears.' . ' ,. Awdrey' bent down and- said a word to Hetty; then he looked at his sister.; \- 'I; am: going into *56. drawing-room' and Hetty Yincent will come^vith me,'/ i JuvL-iib wiu cuiue vvi he said.' _ \ ' I-used to know you as Hetty , Armi- ; ; tage,' said Aune. ■.-•■.-'. How are ■ vou, ; ■./ Hetty ?' -. She is., not well,' answered Awdrey .' • for her, .'but she will tell you pre- - sently. Come into the'drawing-room/' too, Anne; I should like you to be pre- .■»» sent.' 'I cannot understand this,' said Anno. " She ran on first and opened the great sf. folding. doors^-sho entered the big . room; her face ablaze with excitement :: and wonder—behind lier came Awdrayj :• holding Hetty's hand. There was an : expression 'on the Squire's face which" arrested the attention of everyone. .. -Mr.'- :-, Cuthbert, who had not seen him sinco " his return home, rose eagerly from tho ■ deep ai-mchair into which: he had'sunk intending.to. give him a hearty welcome,- ; hut whenr he had- advanced ■ in -the " Squire's direction a step or . two, ho paused—he seemed :. . to. see by a sort of intuition that the moment for ordinary civilities - was not. then. Margaret, left her- seat by the piano and came into the; centre: of the room. Her husband's- eyes seemed .to; i motion her back./ Her uncle went, up to her, and -put! his hand- on her shoulder.: He did not "know what ho expected, nor did Margaret, but each. felt with an -.electric thrill of sympathy, y, that a revelation of j no ordinary nature was about to be made, . - Still/holding. Hetty's hand Awdrey , csuneinto the great space in front of tho -y fire. He was about to speak, wben Rumsey hurried forward. -. ' One moment,' he • said. ■ ■ This :v yoiihg . woman, is very ill. . "Will some one fetch., brandy.' -He tookr Hetty's slight wi-ist- between his finger and thumb, ahdTelt-the fluttering pulse. Aihie rushed away to get the brandy. The -. doctor/mixed a small dose, and • made Hetty swallow it. The stimulant . brought hack. a faint -colour to her J. cheeks/ and her' eyes looked less dull '. and dazed; ' ' ■ y ■ ; , ' I have come into this room to-night with": Hetty Yincent, " who- used to. be f Hetty Aimitage,. to make, a very : remarkable/statement,! . said Awdrey. ;. Rumsey-tacked "a'few- steps. He : thought to himself—' "We shall get now to tile mystery. He hasmade.tip hit 'mind 'on .-the side of the good—hravi fellow! "What.can all., this.mean.! "What .is the matter with that prettj • girl? She looks as. if .she were dying "What"can he the connection betweei them ? ' * "What can he the connection hetweei them ? was al^ the thought running it ".- the mind of every other spectator. Mar garet shared it, as her uncle's hand rested a "little heavier moment by . moment on her slight shoulder. Squire Cuthbcrt was swearing heavily under his breath. The sisters and their bus hands stood in the background, pre pared for any 'denouement'—all was quietness and expectancy. Mrs. Everett, who up to the present instant had taken no-part in"the extraordinay scene, hur . lied how to the front. ' Squire,'she said, ' I do not know what you" arc going to say, but I-can ■giiess. In advance let me thank you feim my heart; a premonition seizes me !-• that the moment of iny son's 'release is "at hand. Yon have. got. this young • woman to reveal her secret?.' .* ' Her. secret is mine,' said Awdrey. J- Squire Cuthbert swore aloud. - ^ ' Just wait one moment before you say anything,' said Awdrey, fixing his eyes on huh. ' The thing- is not what you imagine. I can tell the truth in half a dozen words. Mrs. Everett, you • arc right—yoii see the man before you . who killed Horace Erere. Your son is innocent."'- * ' You ' did this ?—yon!' cried; Mrs. Everett. ' Bobert, what arc you saying ?' ex claimed Margercti ' Bobert!' echoed-Anne. - 'Dear brother, you must bemad:' raid Dorothy. .... 'Kb, I am sane-^-I am . sure I was mad for a time, but I am quite sane.to : night. I killed Horace Erere on Salis bury Plain. Hetty Vincent saw the murder committed; she hid her know ledge for my! sake. Immediately after I committed the deed' the doom of my house fell upon me, and I forgot what! myself had done.. Eor five years I had no memory of my own act. Bumsey, when I saw my face reflected in the pond, six months ago, the knowledge of the truth returned to me. Irememhprcd what I had done. I remembered, and I was not sorry, and I resolved to ■ hide : the truth to the death; my conscience, the thing which makes the difference between, man and beast, never awoke within me—I was happy and I kept well But yesterday—yesterday when ■ I came: home and saw my people and saw Hetty here, and noticed the look of suffering on your face, Sirs'. - Everett, the voice of God bcgan to make itself heard: From that moment until now the powers of evil have been fighting » against the powers of good for my soul I was coward enough to think that I might hide the truth and live <thc life of a hypocrite.' The Squire's voice, . which had been quiet and composed, faltered now for -the first time. *' It could not be done,' he added. 'I found I could not close with the devil.' At this moment a strange thing hap . pened. Awdrey's wife rushed up to him, she flung her arms round his neck, and laid her head on his breast. 'Thank God!'- she murmured. ' Kothing matters, for youhave saved your soul alive.' ; Butthis is a most remarkable thing,' said Mr. Cuthbert, finding his tongue, and coming forward. ■ ' You, Awdrey— yon, my niece's husband, come quietly into this room-and tell us with the utmost coolness .that you are a murderer. I cannot believe it—you must be mad.' 'Ko, I am perfectly sane. Hetty "Vincent can prove the truth of my words. lama murderer, but not by intent. I never meant to kill Erere; nevertheless, I am a murderer, for I have taken a man's life.'' . - ' You™ toB me this ?! said Squire Cuthbert. ' You tell me that you have \- suffered another man -to suffer in your stead for close on six years ? ' ■ ' Unknowingly, Squire Cuthbert. There was a blank over iny memory.' • 'l ean testify to that,'said Bumsey, now coming forward.-, 'The whole story is so astounding, so unprecedented, that I am not the least surprised at your all being unable - to make a just estimate of the true circumstances at the present-moment. Nevertheless, Awdrey tells the simple truth. I have watched him as my patient for years. I have" given his case my greatest atten tion. ; I consider it one o£ the most curious psychological studies which, lias occurred in the whole of my wide ex perience. Awdrey killed Horace Frere, and forgot all about it. The' deed was doubtless done in a moment of strong irritation.' • ■ ' ' He was provoked to it,' said Hetty, speaking for the first time. . [ |. 'It will be necessary that you put all that- down in writing,' said Humsey, giring her a quick glance. ' Squire, 1 begin to see a ghost of daylight. It is possible that you maybe saved from the serious consequences of your own acti if it can be proved before a jury that you committed the terrible deed asa means of self-protection.' ' It was for that,' said Hetty,, again. I can tell exactly what I saw.' The excited people who were,listen ing to this narrative now began to. move about and talk, eagerly and rapidly, ltnmsey alone altogether kept his head. He saw how ill Hetty was, and how all important her story would be if there was any chance of saving Awdrey. It must be put in writing without delay. ' Come and sit .here,' he said, taking the -girl's hand -and leading her to a chair. All the others shrank away from her, but Airs. Everett, whose eyes were blazing with a curious combination of passionate anger and wild, exultant joy, came close up to her for a moment. 'Little hypocrite—little spy!' she hissed. 'Do not forget that you have committed perjury. - Tour sentence will be a severe one.' . 'Hush,' said Humsey, 'is this a moment——?' A look in his eyes silenced the widow—she shrank away near one of the windows to relieve her overcharged feelings in a burst of tears. Sit here and tell me exactly what you saw,' said Humsey to Hetty," 'Mr. CnthbertS you are doubtless a magis trate?'; . • ' Bless my stars, I don't know what I am at the present moment,' said the worthy Squire, mopping his crimson brow. . » 'Try to retain your sclf-control—lie member how much hangs on it. This young woman is very ill—it will be all important that we get her deposition before—' Humsey paused; Hetty's eyes were fixed on his face, her lips moved ! faintly. ' You may save the Squire after all • if you tell the simple truth,' said Hum sey,"kindly, .bending towards her and speaking in a low voice. ' Try and tell the truth. I know you are feeling ill . but you will be better afterwards. "Will you tell me exactly what happened ? I shall put it down in writing. You will then sign your own deposition.' . . ' Is itthe.case that if I tell just the truth I may save Squire ?' asked Hetty. ' It is his only chance. How begin.' ' The others crowded round; all but Mrs. Everett, who still sat in the win dow, her face buried in her handkerchief. Hetty began her tale falteringly, often trembling and often pausing, but Humsey managed to keep her to the point. By and by the - whole queer story was taken down and was. then formally signed and sworn to. Kumsev folded up the paper and gave it to Squire Cuthbert to keep. 'I have strong hope -that we may clear Awdrey,' he said. ' The case is a clear one of. manslaughter which' took place in self-defence. Mrs. Vincent's deposition is most important, for it not only shows that Awdrey committed the unfortunate deed under the strongest provocation, but .explains exactly why Frere should have had such animosity to the Sqnire. How Mrs. Yincent, you have rendered Mr. Awdrey a very valu able service.' ' Before Hetty leaves the room there is something to be said on her own ac count,' said the Squire. He then related in a few worth the tragedy which had taken place at the Gable Farm. While he was speaking, Hetty staggered to her feet and faced him. * •Will what I have told just now reaUy save you, Squire ?' she asked. 'It seems impossible to believe it, Hetty; but Dr. ■ Humsey thinks so,' answered Awdrey. The deadly whiteness" of her face was suddenly illuminated with a look of joy. :" 'Then nothing else matters,'- she panted." ' If you, Squire, are safe—J Hetty,-poor Hetty, has not .suffered in vain?'- ;- . . She staggered blindly forwards as the last words left. her. lips, and fell in .a heap'on the floor. .. . .. . The'doctor, Margaret, and the Squire rushed to her assistance, hut when they raised her up she was dead. ■ .'Heart disease,' said Rumsey, ' accelerated by shock.' A few more words can finish, this strange story. At the Squire's request, Mr. Cuthbert took the necessary steps for his arrest, and Rumseyhurried to town to get the interference of the Home Secretary jn the case of Everett, who was suffering for Awdrey's supposed crime in Portland prison. The doctor had a long interview with one of the officials at the Home Office, and dis closed all the queer circumstances of the case., Everett, according to the Queen's prerogative, received in due course a free pardon for the crime he had never com mitted, and'was restored to his mother and his friends once again. "Awdrey's trial took place almost im mediately afterwards at Salisbury. The trial was never forgotten in the county, and was the one topic of- conversation for several days in the length and breadth' of England. . So remarkable and strange a case had.never before been propounded for the benefit of the twelve' respectable men who acted • as jurors. - Hetty's all-important deposition made a great sensation; her evidence was corroborated by Mrs. Armitagc,. and when Rumsey appeared as' a witness he abundantly proved that Awdrey had completely forgotten the deed of which he had been guilty. His thrilling description of his patient's "strange case was- listened to with breathless atten tion by a crowded court. The trial lasted for two days, during wliich time the anxiety of all Awdrey's friends can be better imagined than described. At the end of the trial, the jury returned a verdict of not guilty. . In short, his strange case had been abundantly proved; he had done what he did with out intent to kill, and simply as a means of self-defence. . ' i , On the evening of his return to Grandcourt, he and Margaret stood in the porch together side by side. It was a moonlight night, and the whole beauti ful place was brightly illuminated. :. :r'. 'Robert,' said the wife, ' you have lived through it all—you will now take i fresh lease of life.' y He shook his bead. \ '.It is true"that I have gouc through the fire and been saved—I can never be the man I might have been.' 'You can be a thousand times better:/ she replied with flashing eyes, 'for you have learnt now the bitter and awful lesson of how a man may fall, rise again, and conquer.' . . [ihe EXD.] ■ 