? [By Miss K. PARTRIDGE.] (FOR THE REVIEW.) CHAPTER XV. (continuei). '1 should ruin you in a year at that rate,' inteirapted Gwyneth, laughing 'Alan, you are bribing me. If I were a soft-minded woman, fonder of my own comfort than of your happiness I would marry you at the earliest date you liked to fix. You do not seem to appreciate the immensity of the risk to be incurred were I to marry you now.' 4 1 am willing to take that risk,' said Alan, earnestly. * But I air. not—' ' Do you think you ever will be ?" he interrupted her again. ' Oh. Alan, how can I say?' * Then you will love me in time. Time—is that all you want, Gwyneth ?' * Yes : 1 think it is,' she said, turning her clear eyes to him. ' Don't press me too hard, Alan. You would be the first to despise me were I to yield to coaxing. I could never do any man the injustice to marry liim without being able to feel for him the love he would have a right to expect.' 'Gwyneth, you are the honestesl and most straightforward girl I know.' He stopped, and taking the lantern from her threw the light on liea face. She did not flinch, hut regarded him with a steadfast smile. ' May I write to you when I go a-.vay ? ' ' You may.' ' How often ? ' 'As often as you feel inclined, provided it is not oftener than once a week.' ' And you will write to me 1' 'I will.' * How often ?' ' When I feel inclined.' ' Will that be rretty often ? '—wistfully. ' ft will not be infrequently.' * Thank you, sweetheart.' They walked on again more briskly, the man with a heart swelling with emotion, and the topic they next chose to discuss was of a more general nature. CHAPTER XVII. Jack arrived at the house to find it exactly as Gwyneth had left it, the lamp burning on the kitchen table, and the faithful collie still extended in front of the tire keeping guard. An ;er now rapidlv gave way to anxiety in Jack's mind respecting Sine. He could not believe that the boy was staying away causelessly, knowing as he did that Gwyneth would be alone; something, then, must have occurred to prevent him putting in an appearance before, and this something, he was afraid, was of a serious nature. He could do nothing, however, but await, with what patience he could muster, the events which the night would bring forth. I11 the interim he was not idle, so far as preparing for his sisters comfort went, and when Gwyneth and her companion reached the house a renewed fire was roaring up the chimney and a light supper of cake and hot ccffee was on the table. Meanwhile Knight, in a tempest of disappointed fury, was plunging through the bush fowards Winderoo. He had followed Alan and lh3 girl at a safe distance whence he caught nearly every wo:d that fell from their lips— quite sufficient to let him know that he had been instrumental in bringing them closer together than they had ever been before. In all likelihood the same result would have been attained in the future without his interference, but he had certainly hastened the denouement. He left them when their conversation ceased to be of interest to him, and made a bee-line for the township. Despite the unamiable frame of mind he was in, lie had * no intention of returning to the cheerless tents while there was a ghost of a chance of spending the rest of the evening elsewhere, and as there was a very substantial chance of passing it at Pink's pub it was thitherwards he directed his steps. For the time being the rain had passed off, and a few pale stars glittered in the puddles of water that lay in the hollows of the road up which Knight was moving. He passed the smithy, now cold, dark, and deserted, for the society-loving owner was more than halfway to 'a state of exhilaration' in the congenial company of Matt Pink and birds of that feather. Away in the distance he heard the ' beat and the beat of a swift horse's feet' approaching rapidly, and as Knight entered the semi-circle of light cast by the lamps of the public house, the rider came into view. He was passing at a fast canter, when the light fell on his face, and Knight recognising him, called out to him. ' Hullo ! That you, Sine ? ' he said. ' Hullo, Ted,' exclaimed the other, pulling short up. ' What are you doing at this time o' night ? I thought you said you were to be home hours ago.' ' So I would have been,' responded Sine, ' but I couldn't find the horse, and coming back I got awfully out of my way amongst some cursed new fences that have been put up since I was there last; it kept me two hours longer at the least getting round them. Did you go up to the house ?' 'No, not much,' was the prompt reply. ' I hope Jack didn't go away thinking I'd soon be home, and leave Gwyneth alone,' said Sine, anxiously. ' I must hurry home, so I'll say good-night, Ted. 'Good-night, old man—but. won't you come—for a minute or two or have a glass of something ? Haven't you a mail to get ?' ' No thanks, I'm teetotal; but, by Jove, talking of the mail reminds me Gwyneth gave me a letter to post, and I forgot all about it when 1 came through before sundown—there was something else, too, I was to get— sugar or salt—we have run out of. No, it was oatmeal—I remember now. I'll go in with you.' ' Lucky you did remember,' observed Knight, as Sine dismounted and passed the bridle through a ring let into a p^t for that purpose, which stood in front of the pub.; 4 otherwise you would have caught it pretty hot at home, I fancy.' Sine laughed, and they went into the bar together. There were several half-drunken men in the bar itself, Mr. Brannigan amongst others, sitting on a barrel and very garrulous, while through an open door a quarrekone party of card players could be discerned sitting round a tablr, and not far off the sounds of a fiddle and the scraping of feet proclaimed that the ' bit of a dance' spoken of by Bert was in full progress. Sine transacted his business quickly, and was leaving the bar, when his ear caught the words uttered by Dan Reilly to Harry Sullivan, who had just come in, ' Heard the news, Harry ?' ' No—what's up ? ' and Sine lingered at the door to hear the reply. It petrified him when it came— ' Madge's married !' ' I'm sure!' ' On my word it's thrue. She was e married in Waterton this morning.' Knight was leaning negligently over the counter, but at Dan's words he started upright as if electrified, and turning, confronted Sine with an ashen face on which instant conviction was written as legibly as was bewilderment and incredulity 011 the boy's. Neither spoke, but waited for the resumption of the conversation, which had been interrupted" by Sullivan calling for a glass of whisky anl water. ' Whoever in the world did -she marry ?' he asked, as he tossed the liquor off. 'I never knew she was < engaged even.' ' No more did I, nor any on us,' replied Dan. ' D'you remember Bill Shelly that was boundary rider on Windimidgee more'n five years ago now ?' ' My word ! I should smile on me forgettin' Bill Shelly! He cheated me out o' five quid once.' Dan laughed as he said, ' We'I, it's him Madge married. You see, when he was here years ago, him and Madge reckoned to get married then - she was seventeen then—but he done somethin', nawthin' much, but it made the climate too hot for him and he sloped to California. Madge promised to wait for 'im, and he said he'd eome back when it cooled down a bit here, so lie did.' 'Did 'e? I'd like to have beta chap like him would never come back alive from America. What was he doin' over there ?' ' Doin' well, from all accounts. Madge said he was as flash as a new pannikin, with a gold watch and chain and gold rings and that—lucky at mining he was.' ' I didn't think Madge was the sort to stick to a feller all that time,' struck in Matt Pink. ' I don't believe she meant to marry him, either,' said Dan, as he cut up the remainder of a fig of tobacco into the palm of his hand and rubbed it fine. 'She went up to the railway station this mornin' to get a parcel that was in the up train from Armidale, and who steps out of it but Bill Shelly, and he was awful pleased to see her, and persuaded her to marry him there and then; so they went straight to the registrar's and got hitched.' 4 I'm blowed !' ejaculated Harry Sullivan. 4 It's a rum start. But who told you about it ? Are they out here, now ?' 'Never come near. Maggie Crew was in Waterton with Madge, and saw her married, and Madge sent Sheelah a letter by her tellin' all about it. They've goiae on to Queensland.' 'Whatever for? Why didn't they come out ?' ' Lor', I don't know. I bet it was Madge's doin'—didn't want to get chiacked, I expect. Have a whiskey ?' 'I don't mind if I do. Do you remember the time Bill Shelly—' And he began to reminisce'' about old times and the part that William Shelly played in them. At this point Sine, having regained sufficient command over himself to nod to Pink, walked quietly out. Knight followed him, ' Goin' so soon, Mr. Knight ?' Matt Pink called after him. 'I'll be back presently—just want to have a word with young Warne,' Ted responded from the door. Animated by bitter shame and passionate anger Sinclair had thrown himself into* the saddle, and plunging his spurs into his inoffensive horse's sides, would have galloped recklessly away, he cared not whither, but the next instant someone caught at the rein and Jackeroo was thrown on his haunches. The light fell across Knight's white, uplifted, face. ' You heard them,' he said in an odd unnatural whisper. ' You know what she has done, damn her! She fooled us both—you and me, but me the worst. What were you' furiously ' but an infatuated fool of a boy that would have disgraced himself and his precious family if she'd been true? But I—I believed in her—I trusted her—I loved her'—his voice rose to a scream—* and she lied to me —deceived me—laughed at me, but'— his eyes glared wildly and there was a tinge of froth on his lips—'I'll ki'l her, I'll kill her, I'll kill her!' He relinquished his grasp on the bridle—Jackeroo, terrified beyond control, sprang forward and dashed down the road—and Knight, as mad for the time being as the most insane inmate of Gl.idesville, rushed down the slope to the river flat. While they were in the bar of the pub it had commenced to rain again and was now pouring down in torrents. Knight heeded it as little as he would have heeded the prick of a pin, or as he heeded the rough and boggy nature of the ground under him, the difficulties of traversing which were accentuated by the darkness. On, on he rushed, hardly knowing from what he fled, unless it was from that intolerable sense of grief and rage that burned within him. 'Many things bitter as gall in this bitter life had he tasted, but the most bitter of all' was this girl's faithlessness to him. He knew he had lost her for ever—if, indeed, he had ever possessed her—and the irretrievable loss, when he let his thoughts dwell on it, wrung his heart with anguish, but predominating above all else was the knowledge that he liad fallen victim to her duplicity, which lashed him into ungovernable fury and a burning thirst for revenge. It did not enter his mind to doubt the truth of Dan's words—what possible inducement could Dan have had to invent such a statement?'—he did not say to himself he might have been mistaken, or it might have been a. hoax—110 such feeble arguments presented themselvse. He was hopeless from the first and convinced from the first. CHAPTER XVIII. When Madge went to the Waterton Railway Station to wait for the coming of the train from Armidale she had not the remotest idea that before the sun had passed the meridian she would be a bride, with a wedding ring on her finger, and a husband to rule. The train glided into the station—a tall, bronzed, bearded man, wearing a prosperous and complacent air, stepped from a first-class compartment—there was a mutual pleased recognition between him and the pretty girl on the platform—and then, he hoped she had not forgotten him nor the vows she had registered five years before to remain true to him : some letters had passed between them, but she had neglected the correspondence of late— she would marry him ? Madge mentally compared him with her two admirers at Winderoo and their respective prespects; so far as appearances went Shelly was much the finest man of the three—in her estimation at least—and. besides possessed every sign of being a person of property, if not of absolute wealth. Tne man, however, gave her little time for consideration, and urged his suit with ardour. She would marry him ? Yes ; then why not now—this very day? They had waited five years already—it was folly to prolong the engagement —he was somewnat more blessed with the riches of this world than Job's turkey and a trifle less patient than Job himself, he said—the registry office was close handy—then why not avail themselves of its advantages ? Madge yielded, and they were married. Although Mr William Shelly was naturally desirous of revisiting the little township he had known so long and so well, there were yet included amongst its inhabitants, he learned from Madge, several persons who would be equally earger of coming face to face with the returned wanderer once more, but whom, for sundry reasons he preferred to deny that pleasure. Therefore, he judged it wise to refrain from indulging his wish, and Madge also, having no desire to get back to her family in her new character just yet to risk an interview with either Sine or Knight, they finally agreed to leave Waterton the following day for Sydney. Shelly spoke of purchasing land in the vicinity of Goulbourn or some other of the inland towns, and Madge made a mental note of it. She wrote to Sheelah asking her to send a box of her clothes to the address of her sister in Tenterfield, and "togain some private ends,'* telling her at the same time that they were going to Queensland. This epistle she despatched to Winderoo " per favour" of Maggie Crewe, with •whom and her brother Billy she had driven into Waterton. It would be unjust to suppose Madge perfectly callous in the matter of the prolonged separation from her friends and acquaintances she was meditating. There was one friend whom it grieved Madge very much to think she must part from forever, and whom, at last a sudden determination seized her to take with her. This was Starlight. She told her husband about him, and the plan she had rapidly formed to gain entire possession of the chestnut, 'and you know,' she said, ' that it is not likely Sine would prosecute me if he could prove his case, because everything would come out then about him and me'—some of this ' everything' she had already commucated to Shelly. That gentleman, with . his old instincts quickened, agreed that it would be a pity to leave the horse behind and that her plan was very feasible. {To be continued) 