i SHORT STORY ' TIIE WRONG GHOST. »?*, beaoaty Is tlio beat polioy-and that I'tstawaloimyUle. On» fatal day, about ? month ago, I re a**d ? lotto from Uncle Jama*. I have ar rather 1 bad— expectations Iron Undo Jaue-, and always answered his letten by twit mail, It I did not wire,*? I opened ft trithmH delay. 1 lly star Nephew,' U no, 'At you will few t* rurofortablv wHlmi in roar new home J in Orav-A, I intend paring you » 'no* visit. I will imne oo December nt. « tho date suits y-u, Hud mart leave baton Xnuu. I know J-on will hare foUowed tba advice I gave, lhal on bo account abanU too lake a bouse t'j»t wat not bannted, aad I am looking for vwd with gnat pleasure to making the ?«? q'talntanoa of the ghost of Borton Towoni.' Tlw letter dropped from my band in dis may, for I halt compietety forgottnn my uacV* wish when I bought the plaoo, and, to tho beat of my knowledire, thcrv m not irach a thhig aa a ghost on the prmniMs. I put on my hat and west ronnd (n the back to interview Anthony oo Uic n'll.j.vt. He dad lived at the Towrm »ll hi* life, and if there was a ghost be twjlii Inmw of it. ' Anthony,' raid I. ' it then- a frhu.it nl- out tbe placer 1 A what? ' aaid Asthony, stopping in hh wood chopping. ' A phot*. You know whit a gbost if T Anlbuer enratehed Ma brad. ' Nna,' fee rtipboi, altar name cogitation . I 1 niwnr hoard of a ghoKt. Folks rorkon Uioar was wunne a white doc at Rylstono. I nivmr mod it mynen, but thet'n t nearest approach to a goast IV Ivver beard tell on.' That actual the matter. There was no ghost. I pamed I lie remaiodcT of tho dny in a very unenviable state of mind ; and for the first Urns in mjr life I delayed replying to Uncle Jam*. It would bo folly to let him ooum, and find the plaoo withuut a ghost, for that would afaow bow very little I re spected hia winhee. Tot, what eta oould I dof There acemed absolutely no way oat of the difficulty bat to make a clean breast of It. How-over, aftor dinner, I determined to pat a bold faoc on thinga, ao I aat down and wrote to Uncle Jams*. I told him I ahoald be delighted to aee him on the date named, bat I regretted I bad no ghost to offer him. I aaid I bad not forgotten fab wishes on the Kobjoct, bat that the former ownor oould not bo Induced to part with the nuncatral itpectre, exoept on rcrmii ao exorbitant that I fait my tseane did not Justify my o?re*-ing to them ; and, 'remembering Ids caullou about an neoeesary cxtravanooo, I felt sure be would applaud my scruples. Having perpetrated that njou« fraud, I tamed round to read the newspaper. That wan probably the muat unlucky act of my Wo. Had I eoot the letter to him be would hood havo sot over bii- -li- appoint- ment, and all would have bora well , but as it la— wall, it'anogood repining. I tarn'd over the paper negligently, ind at t did ao, aome demon of illluck directed my attention to a particular paragraph : 'Wo liene Innpected Messrs. Payobe & Co'a stork of Obriatmaa novelties,' it ran, 'and nn-t again ooogiwnktMHa -*d «? tabUaliod firm on thtfc anterpriae. They have lalii in a remarkably fin* stock of ghoata fi-r the winter season, and wo bnlieTe that intruding parobaasta will be able to gratify iholr raried taatea at axoeodinfrly low figures. Tbey an particularly rtnmg in (ighteonth oratory remnants, while their eastern importations leare nothing to bo de aired.' I ruiibed my eyea In amusement. I did not know that there wen firms that dealt in ghosts. But hen it was In blaok and wblto in a respectable paper, and the name trlvcn in fall. I recognised the band of . Providence in drawing my attention to the matter, and I tore up my letter to Undo Ja'nes. If he wanted a gbost ho ehould bnvo one ; and I would make immediate ar rangements for th« importation of eighteenth ocntunr, cairturn, or oilier produoe. I ooii-alted Bred-haw, and found 1 could still oaloh the night mail at Skipton ; and the next morning I awoke in London. At l-reakfaat I looked up Psrobe & Oo. in the dinotory and should not have been very moob axtonished to fipd no mention made oi sooh a 8rm. Bnt there it was, at 7G, Archipelago Street, 8oho. I burrisd ovor my mral, and by ten o'clock I wan in Archipelago Btreot, looking for number eoTonly-vix. I found it without difficulty. It was a mnall-frnotod, dlnn-Iopking estab lishment, half hidden in a wrher, and over the door was : Tejclie & Co. ,Qhoat and Spectre Purveyors.' I et.'cefl, and n dapper little. On-ek, whom ( took to Ixi the propriutor, askod iu cheerful accents what bo oould do for me. ? I want a ghost ' I said boldly. ' Ceiiuinly. air, he replied. ' Hero ie our now entalugue or would you prefer to inepivt our stock f 'Too, I think that would be the bett,' I said, ' as this is my first transaction.' He M tho way i?own a narrow passage, and opened the door at the end. It « -a* n weird night, and I felt glad that Mr. IVvi-be was with me. Ho room was lightnl by gas, and it waa fall of a strange medlo* of phantoms. There must Lave bueo fifty of them, womn and men of all ages and all periods ; and you could two tho wall at the other end, right through the lot of Ihem Fora moment I felt inclined to retire ; but a reassuring voioe said : \- It's all rurht, air. They are perfectly hannlosn. We only take absolutely safe specimens. Well, my Lord, addressiug tbo shade of a be-atarred and bespangled aristo mat of the Georgian era, ? how are you to day r 'Pawdblv well, friend Psyche,' oame liU reply lu a hflUow, far away voioe, ' though I've known more comfortable quartan in my time, and more jovial companions.' Then be tamed to me with a bow. 'Am I anything in your way, sir F I shall be vastly obliged for an engagement. I havo unexceptionable testimonials.' I waa somewhat taken abaok at being ad dressed, bat managed to assure him I should have been dollgMed to engage him had hu period sotted ; but he wat too modem for my With another pollto bow be paand on. 'Shall «e walk through P asked Mr. Pdycho. If yon see anything likely to suit, ploaas point out.' 8o wo walked through them. It waa an uncanny inn— *-?—. bat one snon got used to it. and tn a few mlnutoa I oould step through „ adBebewwithasUttleooinpunctioiiasifslio p*- haabennfcnarelog. Tbey «ara a singular assortment, and thew wsno ? aaary pride about them. A knbrbt Id annonr ol the Oonquerora time wasrSylngNapwithabeadleaDdaMahatma; apoboemal wai ocUm an evidently gratified Ooutbeanty of ATlhiart period ; while a ?&£ SmooljUk. Uenr^tha Bighth waain earneetooBTemtlon with a Salvation ^YoT^vta very varied collection. Mr. P-yebe.' aaid I, when we bad reaobed the other end of the room. ^Tee, air; I flatter myself no one can toaoh i. hi tint reapoct. At tho moment oaTatock la lower than I Via to aee it, as wo otaifdoot a laqre qnantity of Continental S9f7 ?»» m faeatjr -fot, an Impadal ^'tallj d^nifled man, fahoae..d«(Bblet, and raffle, ?teodJag by himself before tho/ fire reading a newspaper, attracted my at- I teotioti. 'llat'ii my man.' Raid I. ' No, 432/ said Mr. P.yohe, referring to catalogue. 'Lord Herbert Tumbril, temp James I. ; executed for high treunn. Pri,: - alxty-eight pounds, fifteen and rix. For hire, one guinea per nootem. May I book theorderPP . 'Certainly. Hen is my oard. I wish him to be at tfafo addrem on the night of December 1st, and I will Uko him for a month.' ? He shall bo there, sir. You can arrango all details with him when he arrivus, and I hopo it may result in a permanout cngago ment. Do you want him to bring a chain f ' For what purpose f ' For nlannng. Host of oar oustomors dorire It.' ' hf all means let him bring a chain,' I replied, 'and any other aoooesorica yon think fit. I want him to do the thing thoroughly.' I left a payment on account with Mr. Psyche, and returned to my hotel with s light hoart. That evening 1 wrote to Uncle James:— 'My dear Unole,— Your letter has been forwarded to me in London, whore I am for tho parpose of uv]»nting the recent addition* to the British Moerum. I shall be delighted to aee you on tho first, and have no doubt yon will be charmed with tho ghost. I had some difficulty in getting him inoludcd in the purchase; but, of oourso, romomlwring your wish, I should not have thought of tak ing the place without him. ' Your aflectianato nephew, Bon.' December the first came round, and wiUi il Unole James. He wa» in Liirb spirit*, and had evidently oome to enjoy himnelf, for bo asked aftor tho ghost before he had Uken oS bis top-coat. ' I nopo he'd not mndnra. Bob,' Raid he. 1 If there'll anything I dotert, it is a Viituriac sbado. It takuH a hundred yean at loaxt to give a ghnt bin full flavour.' 'No, indued, Unelo Jamoo,' I replied, de litfhtod with my forethought. ' My gboat if pure Klitabothan. Ho is Franciic Nurt-m, the lul of the male stock, who mmt' to vriof in the rebellion of KiOU. You nan r. ^ all about him in Wordaworth'e poem, 'Thr White Doe of Bjistone.' ' Uncle Jamw rubbed his himlc with gLe. 1 Bravo, Bob! You're in luck. What d'w he dof ' Ob, be— er— he walks about, you know nl«nW4ng his chain.' ? His chain f said Uncle Jamw dubiootly. 1 What does he want a chain forf 'I'm sure I don't know. I thought all gbuets had chains.' ' You are mistaken, Nephew Bob,' he said trtomly. ? I never came across one with a chain. Ifs only tho ghosts of silly fiction who havo thorn. ' Well, thin one hu a a chain, at any rate,' I stupidly remarked ' I'm iwrry to beer it,' said Uncle James ; and ho did not again refer to the ghort for dome time. Things brightened up, however, aftor dinner, and Uncle Jamos gruw quite enthusi astic ovor the Towers. He was delighted with the houao, and its situation among the heather-clad bills of Craven was quite in ac oordanoo with bia romantic tastes. ' You have a charming place, Bob,' raid he, over the port, ' and you've got a blgh-clasB ghost into the bargain, though I must admit I wished he hadn t a chain. However.' be added cheerfully, 'if he has one, it will be for somr good reason, and I shall have to find out what that is. What time does be appear f ' Psyche promised him for nine, prompt,' I answered inadvertently. ' Eh f ' aaid Unole James. ' What did you sayP'i 'Precisely at nine, prompt,' I had the presenoe of mind to reply. Uncle James glanced at mo doubtfully. ' I thought you sold something elso, Bob. Well, this ghost of yours eoems remarkably methodiosiln his habits. He's all bnt due now,' he added, looking at his watoh. I bitterly regretted my unfortunate slip. It waa absolutely necessary I should boo tbo irhost directly he arrived and post him np in bin duties, and yet if I left Uncle James at this particular moment I might arouse sus picions. I was deliberating what to do, when tie door was opened abruptly, and old Dempster rushed in. His face was white as chalk, and he was trembling all over. ?Well, what's the matter Dempster r' I enquired with some foreboding. Dempster tried to speak, but only in coherent ejaculations burst from him. At last be raised a trembling hand and pointed to the door. ' Excuse me half a minute. Uncle James,' I aaid, rising ; ' I mast just see what is the matter.' I walked into the hall, and them I eaw a sight that chilled my very bones. At tho bottom of the stairs wns a ghost, but not the one I cxpuoted in Lone mid donblet. This one was the ghost of a modern postman in his uniform. In one hand ho grasped a heavy chain, and in the other he hold nis cap ana letter. He glided up to me when I appeared, and held out tho letter. Just as I took it I heard a uoiH^bcUi&d; me, so I hastily put it in my pocket. 'Well, I'm blest!' exclaimed an aston ished voioe. The postman slowly vanished. I turned round and faced Uncle James. 'You eeem to run two ghoetn. Nephew Bob,' said he drily. ? Er — yes— I do,' I stammered . ' *»???* is u Chrietmas extra.' ' Oh, is it f Well, you might lot me have a look at the Christinas card he brought, anyway.' ' I can't, Uncle. Indeod I can't : it's private, or I would,' I said in desperation. Undo James turned on bis iiecln, and walked upstairs to his bndroom with great deliberation. Considerably upwt. X returned to tho dining room. I opened tho letter with many forebodings, and I found thoy «vere more ♦-mn realuod, for this u whit I read :— 1 Dear Sir,— It is with the greatest regret we have to inform yon we cannot execute your esteemed order. Lord Tumbril left us a week ago to fulfil a two days' engagement at a cattle show in the Antipodes, and has not been heard of since. We are com pletely run out of stock with orders, and the only substitute we oan send ia tho bearer, Robert 8mitherB, a general postman, who lost his life in trying to rescue tho registered lotten of the London anil Brighton mail last July. We believe you will find him atten tive to bis duties and vary wishful to oblige. — Youis obediently, ? Psycim & Co.' Hy hoart sank as I read these fateful word*. If the letter hid only reached me that morning I oonld have prepared Uncle Jamos for tho worst ; bat, ss it was, I had told him he would meet a higb-olass EHiabothan gentleman ; and now all I had to offer waa a latter-day postman. I sat for some timeonrsing my ill-luck and hoping the ghost of the too conscientious postman would reappear, ao that I oould me taphorically kick Urn oat of the place ; but he did not do eo, and 1 went to bed. Bat I oould not sleep. I fait I bad bun gled the whole matter, and it waa obvious I bad annoyed Undo James on his moat toudor point. It was likely to be a very serioua matter for me. After tossing about wearily with those unhappy thoughts in my head, i fell Into a fitful dose. It oould hot have bean mom than half an hoar before I waa effectually aroused by a load clamour. ', looolddiatingoish voiooFand the jingling ol MtaL I jumped up and opened my oonr.' Heavens, what * sight met mr eye I There, at Die and of the oomdor, just op. EoaUoUnole Jamas' door, van a oounla oi ' ghosts in heated argument— the pottman and I LordTumhrfl. 1 Go'.r. .-.?.-. ..i.pili.' »niJ Hi.* f.inuur. ' I my Iho Kcutlimui ,i.'-ired my iirat'ucu. I heard him tell Maxtor Pejobe.' 1 You cnufuundcA Bpindlc-aVianka,' retorted the pjstinun, ? Sikor told me to come. He said you were making a bent of yonrself at a cattle show.' 'Iwulont variet!' cried Lord Tumbril, drawing He raptor, ' yon shall swallow your scurrilous words.' ' Gnno on then !' shouted the postman, brandishing his chain, ' and I'll swaller yon an well. I know you bloomin' haristoornts. Mauy'a tho letter Tvo canted for the Ukoe of yon— and thoy wore inwariably underpaid. Onmc on, old toasting-fork.' How tho quarrel would have ended, good noffi inly knows. I was simply too potriflnd to move; but at this moment the door nearert thorn oponed, and Unole Jamos appeared. The ghosts stopped ahort suddenly, and commenced to f ado away ; bat before tboy wore completely gone Undo James made a mysterious sign, »nd, as 1 llvo, thoso wretchod phantoms came back, and then fol lowed him into bis room. There ni no more sleep for me. Undo Jamw knew tho wiys of ghosts thoroughly, and he (iinswd he would worm out of thow fatuous rpirilfi the wholo particulars of my arramromi-nt with Psycho. 1 did think of interrupting the interview nud ordering thran to 1orvi- the houw, but I felt tho attempt would lx- u-'liw, and I i-lnxild only bo maau to iprmur uUorlj foolbih. Uncle JnnnM game duwu iho ncit morning very oold (tu-] irrcspunmvo. He had a time table in hip hand, aud be utftcutariously oon niltrd it under my Draw. ' Are you going any when), Uncle Jamos f I faintly a»kod. 1 Yes, sir, 1 am going home by the next train.' ' But you Kaid you would utay till Obrist uia*,' I protaetod. ' That is oo, Nephew Bub,' he replied ; 1 but I did not tbon know yi.u would Lire a oommvrcial article to clank a chain outride my bedroom door. No,' he wont on, ' it'n nn good your nariu? anything. Tumbril & Smltbern have told me all ; and I've packed them off to London with a gratuity, as I pitxMimed yoa would not require their norvloos aftor my departure. You hsve bohaved dU graoefully in trying to deceive mo, and I wash my hands of you from this day forth.' And that is how Undo Jamw left my houw. I have rood rod private information thut be has entered bin will ; but whether ho has left his money to Stnitlicrr, or Tumbril, 'ir Psyche, I don't know— indued, I don't care.— Hebbt A. Heesiko. 