Chips and Splinters That Moscow death-roll continues to in crease daily. The Salisbury Government have come lo the conclusion that a (short session and a Jivelv oDe is preferable to a long dull term. The N.Z. Colonial Treasurer owes the Colonial Bank. fn conjunction with the Farmers Association. £l(i«,000. It is offered at a discount of £10,000. A tree fell on a woman ana oer cima m Colac (Vic.) aud killed them both. A nine manager at Wilcannii had £1000 worth of opals in his hut ; out someone e'sc ha? them new. They bare commenced a railway at Buluwayo (S.A ), whi:h ib expected to be finished i i two years. The first instalment of the Melbourne eight hour demons, ration was pa'd into the Trades Hall on Saturday. It was a cool thow. They do things p.operly there. The Dutch support the TranBvaal Boers. But then the Dutoh are not everybody. The Cretans are promised assistance by the Greek Nat ional Committee. It only takes a spark to fire a haystack. The Victorian betting ring shakes handB with Teddy of Wales on hie winning the Derby. Lord Brassey made an Oddfellow. He was formerly a married man. President Cleveland hisBed by the democrats of Kentucky and Viginia. Poisoned arrows on the Niger put to flight the armies of the French. They sent 3700 sepoys to Suakim, The best usj lo put the Indian native army to is to send it on foreign duty. The French minister for foreign affairs hss explained why Madagascar should belong io them. 'Tis 6aid of some people : ' They are here, there, and everywhere.' Magic Soap takes after these folks, tor erory thrifty housewife will have it before any other kind. There are 40,000 armed Boers in South Africa, and about a like number of Dutch sympathisers. Vic. Civil servants (by the way, why ' civil ?') are to work extra hours now if they don't want to look out for other jobs. Robert Karl, junr., Marine Hotel l.auncestou, was lined £25 and costs last Saturday for sellinp contraband cigars. A young man with the unhappy name of Gunn shot himself at the Central Hotel, Lituncesfon, last Saturday night. He was a bit of a cheap Jack and when ho got home at 1 1 o'clock his little peach began br.rging and picking at him, and in a fit of desperation he drilled a hole in bis left lung with a revolver bullet, which after passing through the lung came out at hin bank. He's not dead yet. The female Gunn also went off into hysterics an I refused te be comforted. Shu exploded with grief. They always do. Dr. 3. T. Wilson has been appointed health officer for Lnunccaton. Sir Thomas Sutherland, managing director of the I'.O.O. Company, says 'the Australian passenger traffic k inci casing. The Susrf'X people have fallen in love with young .Jones, the South Australian cricketer, at present in Euglaml, and want to secure him for their county team, but the South Australians say, 'After us you'll lie tirst. Zcehan telephone exchange opened on Saturday night aud it was such a howling success ' that they banqueted. Manager .McDonald and everybody who ivas present at i lie spree are to be carpeted for break ing the Snwbatb. The Mutual Provident Messenger, pub lished l,y the A.M. P. Society, comes to kind with all the latest matter of interest to policy holders. Two of the staff have, since November last, completed a circuit of inOii miles ihrough the black blocks of N.S.W. -m mVycles. llradilonian retrenchment ! Portion of the telephonic instalment for Zeehan was shipped in a case, bearing the legend : Governor, Convict. Department, Hobart Town. The Daily Mail is the name of London's new halfpenny paper, it 100,000 is being sunk iu its inauguration. Professor Max Miiller says: — '1 hope something will be done before long to re form the unhistovical, unsystematic, unin telligible, untcacliable, but by no means vuamendable, spelling now current in England.' A footbnll pliiy-r. mimed II. Wilkius met with a serious accident in LKUticeston on Saturday while playing in the match Railway v. Lauuceston His collar-bone was broken. If you want a rood supper go to City LuiK'neon Rooms, 85 Elizabeth -street. A suspicion 1s gaining ground in Eng land that I'rluoo Hen.y of Battcnburg was buried at sea, owing to the embalming being a failure. The old Tasmanian Snooze proprietary struck a streak of good luck in the Go verntnent land sale advts. before giving up the ghost. The pay of Dr. JameMi'* troopBrs was increased by an additional 2s, 6U pur day for the Transvaal raid. A cycling woman is at hut tu be seen riding round Hobart; on parade to bu looked at. Of course she is of the hatchet faced brigade. Which ie the true pioneer type. Rev. Ball, en route for the Hobart Tabernacle, died on (he way here. The new Shah of Persia remitting taxes. We want him hero. All attempts to bust tho metropolitan Drainage Board have failed. Mault is with them still. Menelek of Abyssinia offers assistance againBtthe Anglo-Egyptian expedition. International arbitration rumored as likely to end war with the principal powers. Jim Stanbury's obituary notice was hurriedly prepared (on Tuesday night, but the pluoky oarsman oame to life again. He was oapsUed while training, and the crank who turns the handle at the other end of the cable drowned him, of course. England, first innings 106, second 37. How are the mighty fallen. What little damage was done, the demon -Spofforth had to do for England. Wanted at Zeeban, a bill to give them powei to light the town with electricity. Wanted also at Hobart, some energy to enable the people to do something else besides dirtying each other's back yards. Australian wines to be introduced into the Belgian market. Archibald Ferguson, of Melbourne, was idiot enough to clean a loaded re volver. Before he got through it ex ploded aud smashed his jaw. The National Bank of Tasmania has declared a 5 per cent, dividend. Geo. Murrell, Green Rise, Cressy won the handsome bank premises at Devon port, the first prize in the recent V.D.L. lottery. The two principal prizes, the Orient and the bank premises, St. John-street, Launceston, were withdrawn. What a have. Martial law has been proclaimed at Barcelona, where an anarchists' centre has been discovered. William frunan, a mining manager, killed in a quarrel at Coolgardie. jC45,38r, increase tbU year iu the Adelaide Customs returns. Victorian apples a huge success in the London market. Good black coal found at Foster, Vic toria. Silver is up. Quotations are at J631 5s. Gd. £27,975 netted in South Australia over last year's beer duty. Which would be all lost if we were teetotallers. Obit : M. Jules Simon, eminent French statesman, aged b2. The Maggie Moore dramatic season in Lauuceston was an enormous success. The attendance to see ' Struck Oil ' was so great that there was not room for a cat in either pit, stall, or circle. Miss Maggie and her company left on Thursday for Melbourne, where a bur lesque of Trilby is to be put into rehear Wales didn't win the Oaks. His filly Thais rau second. . President Ootn Paul has givea an order for 10.000 Martini-Henry rifles. He thinks thtv might come in handy some day. Diamio, the famous Victorian steeple chaser, has reached England safely, aud will have a cut at the next Liverpool Grand National. A distinguished young Irishman named Robert Butler, who ns: a criminal at 12 and a robber at 16, has been sentenced to 12 months for being illegally at large in Melbourne. '. Foge in Melbourne. It resembles Laun ceston in that respect . Btanbury was drowned ; but like McGinty came up again from the bottom of the sea. llev. C. Woolnough died in Now South Wales. Not our owu dear short-sentenced chaplain. Irish Land Bill read n second time. At Newcastle the miners lodge officers and everyone else at variance, whilst the Katraan yells with laughter, as well he might. That ghost has caused more fiilly ru mors in Hobart at. present than any pre vioUB scare. It takes little things to amuse little minds. There are many valiant heroes in every puolichouse bar. Archdeacon Whitington h -s been con testing for the titular precedence of the Anglican Bishop at the Government 'Ousb levee. Blessed are the poor in spirit ! Like a walnut pickle, a Muckery lead ing article is neither wood nor fruit— it is a good nut spoilt. There did not arise a howl of disssatis faction because the Orient Hotel was not included in tbe latest V U.L. Bank lot tery. It was not known until after the draw, and then only one man felt that he had been had. Our road boards evincing a desire to call themselves ' councils,' with the chairman a J.P. But if that curse is to be inflicted upon Hobart the sooner the letters are struck out of the political alphabet the better. The approximate results of the census show that tbe European population of the colony of New Zealand is 703,000, against C2U.US8 in 1891 Tbe North Is laudhas increased 21 per oent., and the South Island '- per cent. ' What's iu n name ? ' A good deal when applied to candles, for OK is the name of the beet -and be sure you get them. The death ia announced, of ,'6lgaor Ernesto RobbI, the great Italian trage di&n;, aged 67 years. The Midland Agricultural Association held their 68th exhibition.' at Campbell Town on Wednesday and it was a great success. ,'? -.,, The Egyptian troops prajaedforjiiair behaviour under fire. Queensland sending to America a dele gate on tbe tick question. Fanatical Turkish troops fairly on a rampage of blood. The German Emperor's yabht, which beat the Englitbman and won the yacht trophy, was built on the Clyde. They build warships in England for foreign powers to fight us with., ' Queensland credit should be good. Tbew iB plenty of 'tick1' there. Mr. Wise, sou1 of T. H. Wise, has been ohossn out of 02 applicants as secret iry to tbe Zoehan Town Board. Three miners have bean entombed in a coal mine at HalensburK. N.S.W., by an explosion of gas. Major-General Richardson, formerly commandant of the N;S.\V. military forces, and who went to the Soudan with the Australian contingent, died on Tuesday last. He has been for eome time past an inmate of the Callam Park Lunatic Asylnm. Tbe Irish Tarty, being struck with Pre sident Kruger's clemency towaids the Pretoria filibusters, appealed' for like mercy from the Biitish authorities on be half of the Irish political prisoners. Owing to the deficit in the Victorian revenue it is probable Parliament will in crease the. tax on incomes over £80J. The Launceston City Council continues to assume the aspect of cats on the roof. The general order is jangling, wr»ngling. snarling, aad fuming. There is tbe noise of an avalanche for two hours, and as much business done as could be accomplished by half a dozen school girls in 10 minutes. Kaiser Willie! m's new yacht. Meteor, is completely wiping the eye of Wale,' Brit annia. This is revenge for bis grand mother's snubbing. - The banana, next to oatmeal, is tin most nutritious food in the world. As a slippery cuss, however, the banana does Sandy badly, and will lay out its man in quicker time and raise more giavct rash than the itiongei-t whisky ever distilled. A cyclist can take hie machine from one nd of France to tbe other for one penny. Wales has won his first Derbv with Per simmon, a home of his own breeding. Bag - land got drunk in honor of the event, just to shew there wes no ill fcel'ng about it. The Kardi (short for cowards) have wiped out completely the French, English, German, and American engineer working on the Smyma-Kassa'a. railway in Asia Minor. It was a terrible ma68.icre Good headway is being made witli the West Coast tramway. Theic are close upon 200 men employed, and about 5 miles of rail arc laid. Sir Hercules Robinson High Commis sioner for South Africa, and governor of Cape Colony, has arrived in England, nod Joey Chamberlain means to have a serious talk with him. In some of the Roman Catholic and Anglican churched in England tbe two sexes are separated during the devotional parts of the service. Under the sensational cioss-headiDgs of ' Scourged,' '? Australia visited by Earthquake and Famine,'* the Boston Daily 1'ost, published a most thrilling narrative of last summers heat wave just a bit exaggerated. Princess Marie Louise of Bulgaria is to receive the golden rose from the J'opeae k reward for making a fuss over her infant son 1'iince Boris being received into the Orthodox Church of til (lie Itueeias. Ai the Sob.anje deposited half a million francs as a national gift to the prince, and the annointing took place in the presence Of 20,000 people with, the Czar for god father, things ought to be about levelled off. 