Sermon. "Who Is This ? Bi Laze Bct. C. H. Sfdedeos. \ TfcTfaqoiry is made, IP^^fto :W» ss.*:^li®? Secondly, • to exeHeadmintotrfHisTOa §§rS^ arouse our intercst m f|o rcsttft V,f thismarvellous apuroach onto God, tor ■ Wit we ere permitted and emjUodto ap; & rmto ilT Lord ourselves, mi ^ P^a8 His people, and He comesaesHimself of our text i3 direct attention to fais rfonous Person. •Y mo is this that caga^ l^tpirt to ap Treoachuntolfe? aaith tire lord- J*"®*3 ^i^S^rSSS-'Sa.S ^ -01 n.i ^governor shall proceed 'Vrfthem; and I will cause him to drew near, t^od ha shall approach unto Me. H rn ctew •?r~l _ «f renrGsentatiYO for iaen must oe $£ji a STmo is this •STpSle with God? There was a S ££ gloryto God fa the Kstet. Find. Him mBetHe-i 'hem's manger; there He lies, the Sen of j "lithrv—'truly wWT1, one of ourselves, partaker j •if^r fid and Hood, subject fa. human '■traits.' weaknesses, and woes, and able there '"to to sympathise with us and hare eompss 'tim npoToT That man grew up into [world without taint or spat, free from ma [whither natural or acquired, and yet He ■weo in the truest sense one of ourselves, so (thai He is not mharnd to can us teeth v When the malicious eyes of Saiam &ed; HhT through .and toogh toT found nothing evil m Hun. He '■Was withont spot or wrinHe, or 3ny such Iftbg, and He it is-glory helto His a» .— iHfi it is that hath engaged His heart to , •^r^rmtoGodondbehaif ^mtte Sbhof Man, mnst truly: anomtedwith the oil of "gladness above His fellows, hut stffl 'tally f^ow with men. TWhVe connted it no robbery to he equal with God, yet He look uponHimself the form of a servant, amd VttS n£de in the likeness of men that He Wbtredraius. ^ atontioa of His, ■matchless work. H Jesns Christ is to up-1 [broach to God for ns, it is eto that He.mm* •Erne down into our randiticre for He must first descend on He cannot a^nd. itfatmally there is such a omn^lKlweCT "the blessed Persons of the Trinity that there "Sn be no approaching in Tim? case to one 'another; hot Jesus, though He was for ever ■in the highest sense with God, left His place h_^ _n dnnt f?«P Twisition of oar snamc. _ gliame. and bare oar Himself toot oar lnnnamw Wimcsses." There He stands, even where wc Wby nature, mere we kym our bloody fhere He came and engaged His heart to Sterns. He etood at the judgment-bar [because we had brought ourselves there , He !rou, rejected of the people because we were Wectcd as reprobate silver; He m con itemnei because we were condemned; and was put to death because such the sentence .upon us. He descended [into our depths to cngmeer awayfiomthe Slowest to the highest; to come hack from feu&an;, and from the depths of the sea, lead En* the van of tbe armies of His chosen aa giy retain unto God vrith songs and ever fa'arW^ our lord actually- approaching unto toe | '"offended Majesty on hign. Though torn Sn fashion as a man, and by reason of; TO, becoming a curse for us_denied tho Lirescnce of the Father, 6C that He cried m " My God, My God, w^hast ,n«n; &Kei;" jet He did °E?^ "ft tfjod—He did come near; nay, He remameto toe, able to save them to the utiurm<*t that SmSrmtaGoabyHim. He hath passed mate ' [the clond and the darkness, and through the | Warming to and now He is the Lamb m Vhc midst of the thnme. He has gone into Era hoi J of holies and revealed the mercy-seat Be has bridged the great gnlf which ein had knadp "It is finished, said He, era Ho! Stod ffis head, add.gave up the ghost J •The pathway is open; every gulf is filled , 'every valley is exalted,, and (indhni laid low. It is finished,—the, way, ton man to God has been already trodden by j myriads of cleansed feet; for oox Glorious One-hgs Cist up tie King's highway ana . made straight paths for oar feet. Come, let us tread the road. "With holy confidence let us draw nigh unto God. Having thus determined that He would approach unto God on our "behalf, He took all the consequences. A correct reading of the passage wonld be, " Who is this that hath pledged His heart, or His life, to approach unto He, saith theLord?" If you take tho meaning of the word "heart" to be life, since the heart is the source of life, then we read that our Lord pledged His life—pot His life in surety—that He would approach unto God, the Judge of. olL and bring us near to Him. When He came as the representative of sinfnl mm, then vengeance with his sword must smite Him,- and he was willisgto.bo smitten. Voluntarily He gave His back to the smiters, and His cheeks to them that plucked off the hair; He did not hide His race from shame and spitting. He must die, if He draws near to God for sinful men, for such is thepenalty due; but He willingly laid down hi» life of Himself, and, bowing His head, He gavo up the ghost.- He might have drawn beck from His undertaking, if He I woul£; but He never thought of drawing bade. With desire Ha desired to eat that passover. In- order to die. He broke off in the middle of a discourse, |saying, "Arise, let us go hence." His | motto was, "jChe cup which My Father hath given Me, shall I not drink it ?" He saved others, hot Himself He could not save, because Love held Him hound in her chains. How intensely ought we to love Jesus, since He .thus, reckoned nothing too hard or heavy, that He might appear in tho presence of God for ns odd make a way to God for poor sinners such as we are. "He even delighted in suffering and dishonour for this end. " For the joy that was set before HimrHe endured the cross, despising the shame." He-made pledge,' not merely of I hand or eye, but of His heart and life ; He I came with HTa life in TTia hand before I Jehovah's fatfe, and gave up that life that He | might remove from us the death penalty due | to justice, and so reconcile us to the Lord of ! all. Tune your harps, ye angels 1 make thin Sabbath on which'we think of *hfa sublime mystery a festival of song. | Let me try to arouse yonr interest in the sweet results of Jesus Christ's having ap proached to God for us. The first result is found in the chapter. Head, that twenty second verse. Head it with your own eyes, and wonder that it should be put there. "Who is this that engaged His heart to ap proach unto Me ? saith the Lord. And ye shall be My people, and I wDl be yonr God." That is, because our royal High Priest ap proached unto God for us, therefore we, who were called outcasts—we whose wound was incurable and grievous; we that were utterly ruined and undone—we, believing in this Jesus, shall in Him became the people of God. Let me speak plainly with yon, beloved brethren^ ! How many of yon. have realised this? It 1 is all idle for me to talk about Christ making the way nnip«« yon ran in the way. Are you the Lord's people? Many of you humbly rejoice in this high honour; but there may be a few here who are of another mind; you care nothing for having the Lord to be your God. Is it not likely that it would be a lxapuy tiling for you if you were one of God's people ? You can never rest till you are. But you 1 say, "How can I be?" Why, it all follows upon what I have been talking of. Jesus Christ went in unto the Father for ns, that wo - might approach unto the Father in Him and through Him, that we might become the Lord's., own people, and that the Lord might become our God. . I tell you I would sooner say, "This God is my God," than anything else that lean imagine. To say, "This kingdom is my kingdom," or "This whole ' world is mine,'' were ° miserable business compared with saying, " My Beloved is mine, and I am His." You would not think I exaggerated if you tried it. I invite you to aa honest, practical test. See if there be not joy in the salvation of God. Htiigion is with some people a sort of dreamy tiling- on Sundays; you sit in your pews and bear with us long winded talkers - about things which you do net care for. Oh, hut if you did value and enjoy' them! If you oould hut taste and handle them, you would say "Go .on, preacher; go on! You are a pocr hand at it, for your themes are so great and wondrous that yon cannot reach to them; but, still, go on. Bing that bell again; open more doors, and let us peep in upon the secret treasures. Bring us more clngfrrs of the grapes of E&hcol;, said let us at least pluck a berry here and there, if we cannot carry away a whole cluster, and so fill our mouths with the inexpressible delight of bring God's people, and hiving Jehovah to be our God." This bliss comes to those of us who rejoioe in Jesus Christ, and have no confidence in the flesh, because Jesus said, " I will wait upon the Lord that hideth His face from the house of Jacob." The face of the Lord is no longer hidden from us, hut we have access with con fidence into thia erace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hops of the glory of God» One great result of Christ's having died is to leave us a way of access, whidh is freely opened to every poor, penitent sinner. Come; are you using that way of access? Dovou use it every day ? Having used it, and thus having drawn near to God, do you dwell near to God? Do you abide in God? Is God the thought of your life,' the chief delight and'object of your being? If itbenotso, I earnestly invite yon, by the Spirit's help, to make it so. You most engage your heart to oome to God in Christ. There is no coming to God without sincere resolve and eager desire. Are you engaged to such on end? Alas! it may be you are drawn elsewhere. Are you engaged? Alas! soma are engaged to Madame Bubble; some are engaged to Belial; 6ome are engaged'to self; somoare engaged to Mammon; some seem engaged to the very devil of the pit. Be wise, and break these unlawful engagements. Dot your covenant with, death be broken, and your league with hell be ' disannulled. Though, you be ^eary of my words, yet would I-stir you up to interest in this all important matter. Break- these deadly bands asunder. God help you, by & sudden energy which. He shall give you, to snap your fetters once for all, and then at once firmly .engage your hearts to Christ. Never such loveliness, never such love, will you find elsewhere. Come, say now, " What ever else I do or do not do, I will do this: I will approach to God by the way that Christ has opened for me; I will arise and go to my Father." The question, "Who is tins?" admits of a second, answer, for now in Christ Jesus all believers with engaged hearts are approach ing unto God. who is this ? At first, it is Jesus, Son of Man and Son of God; and next it is His Church, with all her heart engaged, approaching unto God by Jesus Christ. My hearers, can you join in the song of praise which is now rising from heaven and earth ? Angels are waiting till you approach their God. Come, hurry up; hasten to the blest. At once approach your God by Christ Jesus; and as angels sec you coming, their song shall grow yet louder,' till it shall excel the noise of many .waters and out-voice the last great thunderiugs. , They come! They come! Sinners are coming to God! Halle Injah! Hallelujah! Hallelujah ! Amen. 