EUGENE FIELD INTERVIEWED. That Is e Fired Talk For Nine MaUnute at p Ileporters. Engene Field, the humorous poet, fa mons for his beautiful chiltlron's verso, I wyas told, had just qgmo Jn from Cht cago and would be at the nuthors' club that night. I reached the Authors' club about 10 o'clock and learned that Field had gone. "Where?" "To Washington." "What train?" "Eleven o'clock." I was in Jersey City and in that train at 10:10. "Whip out y:ur notebook and write for all you're worth," said MIr. Field, throwing himself and his bag in the seat. "You've onlyninominntos. Time enough, though, for two unoventful bi ographies like mine." "Nover mind that You'te fond of the quaint and curious, Mr. Field. What'r' your fads, pets and so on?" "Well, listen for your life now. I'm fond of dogs, birds and all small pets. MIyfavorite flower is the carnation. My favorites in fiction aro Hawthorne's 'Scarlet Letter,' 'Don Quixote' and 'Pil grim's Progress.' I believe in ghosts, in witches and in fairies I should like to own n big nstronomical telescope and a 24 tune music box. I adore dolls. I dislike 'politics,' so called. I should like to have the privilege of voting ex tended to women. I am unalterably op posed to capital punishment. I favor a system of pensions for noble services in literature, art, science, eot. I approve of compulsory education. I believe in churches and schools. Ibhate wars, ar mics, soldiers, guns and fireworks. I do eot care particularly for sculpture or fop painting. I try not to become inter ested in them, for the reason that if I w\ero to cultivate a taste for them I should presently become hopelessly bankrupt. I dislike all exercises, and I play games very indifferently. I love to read in bed. I am extravagantly fond of perfumes. My favorite color is red. I am a poor diner, and I drink no wines or spirits of any kind, nor do I smoke tobacco. I dislike crowds, and I abom inato functions. I am 0 feet in height and have shocking taste in dress, but I like to have well dressed people about me. I do not love all children. I have tried to analyze my feelings toward children, and I think I discover that I love them in so far as I can make pets of them. I believe that, if I live, I shall do my best literary work when I am a grandfatlher." "And how did you become a humlor Ist, M3r. Field?" I asked, while the por ter besought mse with tears in his eyes to leave the train before it started. "Oh, they'ro not made. They're boen." "All aboardt" And Eugene Field wasgone.-Domorest's Iagazine. 