AN EXPLODED SPIRITUAL | TYRANNY. And then there is one other point which I may leave with you as I close. The Church developed lor nearly 600 years a complicated system of abstract doctrine, and so complicated, so technical that only experts could hope to understand it, and it became necesBary to teach that the laity must not expect to understand the doctrines of the Church, but they must be content to accept it on authority. The power of the Church to teach irrational doctrines with out proof, and to require men to accept them irrationally without proof — it is that which makes infidels. And all infidelity grows out of a system of religion which avows that you must believe it without understanding it. How unlike St. Peter is this. Do you remember, it was St. Peter who told every Christian that he must be prepared to give a reason for the hope that is in him. That is one of the sayings of St. Peter's letter. And how unlike St. John is this. If any man might speak of Christian doctrine as if it were esoteric truth beyond the understanding of the common believer, surely it was St. John, the one^who with an eagle eye had pene trated into the mysteries of God, and had lain m the bosom ot his Saviour. J3ut it was St. John of all men who said to all believers, 'And as for you the anoiutiug which ye received of Him, abideth in you, and ye need not that anyone teach you, but as His anointing teacheth you con cerning all things and is true, and even as it taught lyou ye abide in Him.' Would that the Pope knew the New Testament! I can only assume that he never read the first Epistle of St. John. If he had ven tured to quote that text the whole Ency clical would have been waste paper at once, and to every spirit that knows the meaning of that text, these lofty claims, these loud and unreasoned assertions of an exploded spiritual tyranny can have no effect at all except to drive him with a humble gratitude to the feet of the Master who teaches ^ humility, and to incline him with wonder and love to receive the anoint ing of the Holy Ghost. And I fancy that if we read this letter we should all be better Protestants than we have been, for we should not not rest upon the blind prej u dice against the old Popery, but we should rest upon the established truthB of the New Testament, which are as valid against the new Popery as they were against the old. Thou art Peter, first believer in the son of God, humble follower of Jesus; thou art the first to say, ' He is the Son of God.' firm as the rock on which the Church is built. On that firm rock of faith the Church shall stand. The invisible force shall not prevail against it — no, nor the visible force ot Rome. It is too firm a rock for the authority of man to shake. 'Vainly do the nations rage and priests imagine a ? vain thing, for He is on the Throne 1 '' The busy world shoves angrily aside The man who stands with arms akimbo set, Until occasion tell him what to do ; And he who waits to have his task made out Shall die and leave his errand unfulfilled. i:1 — Anon. 