Miscellaneous, ."Oh, I «an reeo-mimend ibim to you. He ia oblig ing, knows his 'work, he ls honest." "But he stole my watch!" "Yours too!" Kittle: "Harry won't take no for an answer." Trilbena: "How do you know?" Kittie: "Be-because I shan't give it to him." He: "It seems to me that, under certain cir cumstances, a minister might be justified In us ing ««other? minister's sermon." She: "Under -what circumstances?" He: "Weil, for instance, If it were a very short senrnon." Old i-ady: "Poor fellow! I suppose your blind ness is incurable. Have you ever been treated?" Blind man: "Yes, mum, but not often. 'Taint «nany as likes to be seen going into a bar-room with a blind beggar." Tom: "Why have Dick and Grace quarrelled?" Hazel: "They aro both learning to rtide thc bicycle, and last week they met each other in the park. She tried io bow 'to him, and he tried to raise his hat, and each blames the other for the result." Ragged Haggard (at the door): "Maddim, may I 'trouble you for suUhin' to eat?" Lady of tihe (house (threateningly): "I'll call the dog if--" Bagged Haggard (with dignity): "Thank ye, but I never eat dogs." "After that," remarked the young slim who hod .been telling an inane ghost story, "my mind was a blank." "That accounts for it," cam-men ted a sharp young woman, and there was an interreg num of profound silence. "I do not see," she said, with great severity, "how lt wotild be possible to add to the unsight ' lineas oí bloomers." And the little wheelwoman contented herself with in nocently remarking : "Perhaps you are prejudiced. Did you ever try them on?" Guy-"Could you spare me a cigarette?" Gon ttran: "My dear fellow, my doctor has strictly for bidden me to smoke." A fortnight later Guy meets tots friend paining away at a splendid Ha vana. Guy: "I thought you had to give up smok ing?." Gontran: "Oh, my doctor died a week ago.'* .Watts: "I agree with -the Shah of Persia in re gard to horse races. You know he said he took no interest in racing, because he already knew that'one - horse could run faster than another." Potts: "Of course one knows that one horse can run 'faster 'than another, but you never know whether he will be allowed to do so. Thai's where the excitement comes in." Magistrate (Severely): "Horsewhipping is the oniy suitable punishment for you and your kind. The idea of a man of your size beating a peor, weak.woman. like that." Prisoner: "But, your Worship, she keeps Irri tating, me, ail the time." . Magistrate: "How does she irritate yon?" Prisoner:'; "Why, she keeps saying, 'Hit me, beat me. I dare you to hit me. Just hit me once, and I'll haye you hauled un before that bald-head ed oild reprobate .of a. anagistrate, aad eee what 'heMl tlo with youl' " 