the mmm. NEW QUESTIONS AND PUZZLES 6877.-proi1lem, by Bizarre, Mooneu Poml« In a Pamphlet, A Solution of the Time siltlcs, by G. B. Ingniau, of St. Msrearrf1 Twickenham, the Duplication of a Cube Is solved a( follows Lot ABCb represent tho face of a cuba which is required to duplicate. Bisect tho adjacent sides AD, DC m 1; nnd b ; and from B draw 11 V and BY through E and F indefinitely. From 11 wit , ottrllivo Til" l.« « _1 "» "III! G'audir;''FremQtaBApS through G parallol to AD, and OP through H parallel to DC and meeting BO produced In P Tlion OOPB represents tho face of a cube double the original cube;'1 .-. u Who will provo that this is fatso by showimr ths true : ratio. of tho volumes of thoso two enbss? 5878.— Question, by aiotion Bar, South Melbourne. Tlio old laird liad got a nice barrel of liecr- It came as a gift from the folk of somewhere He loved it as dear as he'd loved auclit before. And twonty bright gallons were still to the fore. With a down, down, hey derry down ! Tills morning ho mounted to hunt the rod deer, . When twenty rude pigs found their way to the beer! Enticed by the scent that this beer barrel had. They knockod out the tap and a fuddlo they had. And a down, do.wn, hey dorry down 1 They drank all- alike, but in fivo minutes more, A little pig measured his length on the floor ; At every livo minutes another was floored. Until the whole lot wero as drunk as a lord. With a down, down, hey derry down 1 Tho old mother pig was tho last of tho lot, ' And when to tbo last drop of beer she had got, She said, &s; sbo foanderod— ' I hope I'm no fou, For this beery collar looks like Waterloo." . . With a down, down, hey derry down ! Then Just as she anchored the old laird carao in, Tbe sight nearly made . him jump out of bis skin ; And wish much to know, ere bo sausaged tbo lot, How much of his beer the old mother pig got ? With a down, down, hey derry down i 6879.—' Transposition, by Taurus. Adown a fair valley where violets blow, I livo with the mosses nnd grasses that grow,; Transpose then for wood, in fair trade to be'found, Or I lurk in a game of somo merry go«round. Assuredly you will discover 11 too much," So now to co-mlngle— I'm heavy to touch, Will travel before you, nor lot you lay hold, Too ofton I poison the young and the old. But change once again, ero you pass on tbo road, -Do me ou some carriage or cart with n load. . And as I foresee tliat a driver you'll need, Evanish my tail, and he's with you indeed. . 5880.— Auitiihouem, hy Una. Put dqwh one hundred, of that sauio bo sure, Then four pUu one, then add a hundred more ; To solve this puzzle tiddlers many come, The total is a perfect paifindromc. 5381.— Enigma, by E.d.S. 'I'm parfc of .a city and part of a ghost, .I'm part of a little, and part ot tlio most ; . I'm part of .astrology, 'part of the light, Part of the battle, as well as tho tight. With murder, liowovor, Tvo nothing to do, I slum all that's wickod,.tho' not what's untrue; In fAthors and inotherB I'm suro to bo found, In sisters nnd brothers I also abound. I'm crossed in affection, as well as In wealth, Pm always with doctors, yet always In health ; I know naught of hungor, but suffer with tliir.it. And I'm found with the host, as well as tho worst ; 6882.— Numbered Chaiiape, by Nita. My whole is a word of 17 letters, and- means affirmation of the contrary. Tho 17, 4, 12, 6, 14, 7, is tho shoro or beach of tho sea; tho 9, 13, 5, 1, 15, is iho name of a mythical sorceress ; tueo, 10, 16, .is a pronoun; tho o, 2,.raeati3 not any; .ana II ls an important letter. - 5883.— Word Square; hy Walter and Alfred, . Prahnin. . .» .1. Spherical bodies; 2.. To decamp.: . ." "3. To go Ucyorid tho limit. . ' 4. A fish allied to the carp. '6.\ A Judean ,iown. 6\. Dull or atuplil. Lily,' Fostor, writes :— Will "you obligo by.sMne an.atiBWor to. tho following, as it was given to m" A man liaa 30 sheep to. kill in 15 days.. an odd mimberwevery.day ; how. many did no «u each day TV \- . Who can oblige IkUsaXily 1 , 