A VOICE FKOM THE CRAYE. (Concluded) And yet—how I wish I could evade that I £ut it looked as if I feared. . . And Fet—how can I lodk upon her face again! I . . " Pshaw 1 the dead tell no tales, one l^eed fear only the living." CHAPTER V.—"Bbino DEAD YET SrfiAKETH." Tiiree days later, on the weird and mystic All Souls' Night'—the night when the spirits of the dead are said by superstition to revisit their earthly haunts; when the veil between the known and the unknown hangs peculiarly thin and transparent—on ths late afternoon of this November eve the few actors in this strange, brief, but real drama, are assembled for the dread task that lies before them; but what they expect, yet shrink with- humanity's natural recoil from looking on, bos not arrived. The carpenter is waiting, but the coflin through some unaccountable delay, has not yet arrived from the cemetery. • The meeting has been arranged for quite Jate io the afternoon to suit the convenience of the doctors. But it soon becomes evident that the short daylight,wiil have waned before' they can commence their eerie task;- and -when the ghastly burden is at last Ciuried into their midst, both Dr. Milsom, who is to suparintend the" autopsy, and the surgeon who is to perform itj; declare it wilt be better to defer it till thejhiorrow, as, of course, conducted by artificira light, it cannot le so satisfactory. But Walter Oliphant and John Sutclilfe overrule £his proposal, backed by Philip Hargra^e, who eagerly urges them to get the wretched business over as quickly as possible. The doctors positively assert that it will be practically impossible in these circumstances to make as thorough examination of the remains (supposing them in a state to admit of examination) as Colonel Oliphant !i desires Then John Sutcliffe suggests that if on opening the coflin it is found that the autopsy can be -proceeded wiCbi, why they might just take the first necessary steps and then adjourn it till next day, though certainly it would be much better to conclude it to night if possible. So it was agreed, and while the carpenter does his. part Dr. Milsom, and his colleage, with the two young medical student 1 ; who are to assist;withdraw to a small table in a distant corner, on which stand the necessary surgical instrumtatfij and -fortify nature against the coming trying ordeal with reviving brandies and sodas. John Sutcliffe and Walter Oliphant converse in hushed tones, while Philip Hargrave sits apart, silent, starting at' every d slightest movement and noise. How strange, and echoing, and ghost-like are the voices as they resound in muffled cadence through the bare lofty room ; how eerie those retreating steps slowly descending the distant stairs. It seems, to his excited nervous imagination, as if many lay dead out somewhere in those f diisky passages, that-are dim and desolate, and /Suggestive, of mystery. As if he, in some / terrible isolation, were alone in the world- Of shadows. Life, and its pleasant, h assuring associations,'seems to retreat from, h him, leaving him in that awful lonelinesB, e leaving him surrounded by phantoms—Invisible, but that lie ferls are there in the air f around liim-r- ffiitteritig, awtting, touching w him with spirit hands, "whigper"Lng to him wttfa spirit voices words Of dread'and fearful o meaning. A great, thick horror seems to be pressing" .bini flown—fdtrtyn.- A- nameless s terror takes possession of him for a few a minutes ; then, with a grdat effort, he tries a to rouse himself, {o shake iiiuisfeH free olMhc weird, oeculi;|rifluenee tbftt is upon him. Why did he come? He was a fool to do so. The speiy»F; the horrible night it is, is upon him, lioMhinks, savagely. He has serious thoughts of even now softly taking bis departure, ftit he feils'-th.at be cannot rise from his chair/that some great nervous tremor,ha? hijfl" in liis grasp, rendering him helpless, for tlie tide being. He should be all right, he thihfes.if the could only have some of that invigorating stuff those fellows over there are quaking. And then he looksaskance At that long davk'objeot 1 <m .which thr carpenter is ptill'ifca \ybrk, and shudders. . . . And nojv "xfflh..assorti of wailing crack the .conQcaUa^liiTir.'btf/ and Dr. Milsom approaches foi'. a. moment, looks within the coffin, and withtji aw?.* with a whispered wordto Colonel Oliphant, who comes forward and murmurs in Philip's car that 1 the moment luis come when they "t wo, who were bo nearly related to t"he deceA&id;, are to look upoq her face again;'and'Eljilip, with" a mighty" effort, gathers himself together and ' walks ovgr, and stands at Walter's"' side, looting'down upon that dead face, that is as yet •unchanged, tave a little yellower, than when last 6een by mortal eyeB. Alter a moment or two, hp stumbles like a blind man back to his jeatj in which he sinks exhausted; while John Sutcliffe, who has unceasingly but furtively watched him, takes his place at That awful voice from the dead, ceases, and a wave of icy air seems t? rush through the room. Then Philip H&rgrave;, who had |allen rom his chair, crouching on the flocfr with the face of a maniac, makes whatkppears almost a superhuman effort to yfMpture the reason thatfhas so nearly slipped from him ; e staggers to his feet and tries.lo speak, but is tongue refuses to mightier ffort, 2d hoarse fearfulirttei-ance at last inds way between those p&fied; lips., "I confess,-! am guilty!' the guiltiest retch on earth. I confess-I am accursed. I am ,„„ thy / murderer, „ „ , and < maj God * have mercy n my soul . o And with a ghastly scream he falls insenible to the, floor. And when by-.and-by he w m wakes from that stupor, Philip Hargrave is g raving maniac. The words o£ that confession, made in 6uch weird and terrible t circum- IS 11i V* f cmv0 t0 ,ook onoe ' I^ t a i- a t U f S \u . , c iw 1Jf T?^ 8. they ® ft , n , d thuB ,n ' 8 S n V S r r ' ^ ' qmckly stealing down face, although voioael lOhphant's his hands bronzed are clenched and bearded as if more in wrath than sorrow,"while® slumbering fire burns in John Sutcliffe's watchful eyes. Then the former turns away witif a suppressed groan, and the lawyer alone bends tor moment. over that still and awful form, takes a -ftst lingering look at those rigid lcatures,. locked in such eternal repose, and then recently again covers the face; his nanasare trembling, ana he is slow in doing this siinple act, but no one notices him—the doctor^are busy selecting their instruments, and talking in subdued tones, so as not to intrude upon the mourners' grief—and then he too turns away, and Dr. Milsom's voice is heard, speaking of the light, -which has grown strangely dim this last moment or two. " What has happened to the gas?" he says! " It is going out, and we want light, if we are to do j anything." in>. But, b&ore; anyone can answer him> in the momentary pause that follows his words, a,slight, strange, hollow sound! makes itself audible through the large shadowed room; a sound proceeding from the coffin. • • It, is repeated almost instantaneously- a little louder than before, a faint grasping cry ending with a moan; then quite clear and distinct, though scarce above a whisper, came the words through the terrible silence upon the room " Art though comc, Philip Hdrgravc ?". '•' And i/i the awful pause that ensues .upon the ghastly manifestation, there is a rush of sound from the appalled living. One man (the carpenter) his lied from the room, frantic. One of the medical students has fainted, the other, stupefied with terror, clings helplessly to his chair; Dr. Milsom and the mrgeon have diopped on their knees instinctively, with a great sweat of horror starting on their ashen faces, while the . former prays audibly; John Sutcliffe has also fallen on his kuees, though his eyes never cease to watch Philip Bargrave, who is paralysed -with terror, the body niqtibnleffs, no attempt to flee, the eyes flssd and«glaring fearfuliy, as they actually proi'ude fr<M their sockets, the under-lip dropped, while a slight tain issues from the mouth; it is, as it wove, death gazing upon death ! And yet f one feels that the man's whole being is concentrated in the one act of listening. And again those words reverberate through the room, louder ,tbip time, and, they are Agatha. Hargrave's own living tones ! " Art thou come to gloat upon thy victim ? 7 hy wife slain by thy hand ? All things are revealed to the spirit, and mine returns to the garth to enounce thee. Mur , o fess-, yet it ts too late!" stances, are the last sane words he speaks, and within a year he ends his sinful days in a madhouse. It was hardly worth John Sutcliffe's while to lay his plans so carefully j elaborate his scheme of vengeance with' such almost diabolical skill: It had not failed, inasmuch as it had wrung the confession from the guilty man's soul, but here the ^ plot, of. some'm^hHcall ^ an unholy "revenge ceased; and,"j-lt again, would John Sutcliffe—guessiag,' feeling, believing as he did—haye been justified in letting the criminal go free ? -- f • Was he not rather justifi^some will say, in using every means—even . though these means might not be eonstderfeS legitimate a court of law—to entrap that confession, in calling every instrument to his aid to punish such"black and fearful $uilt ? That marvellous invention of these later days, ' " " Ths Phonograph fas the reader will, of course, have guessed ere this) was the detective that Mr. Sutcliffe had summoned to his assistance. These terrible words we have j ust listened to are the words that timid, honorable Barbara Holland shrank so fearfully from sDeaking • but her uncle overrule her; and the words spoken into that little mystic cylinder were carefully Btpred, and accurately repeated, when thetime came, in the very tones of tho d cad woman's voice, as Barbara Holland'* and that of her cousin were startlingly alike. Thus, the ghastly, illusion was made perfect. Thus, the swlot the sinner^found him out—and thus, ! man's wondrous inventiveness, and scientific skill, have added yet another to the powerful agents, drawn from Nature's armoury, in the pursuit and detec- (ion 0f the criminal. The guilty wretch who seeks to baffle justice, may now sometimes fear another enemy in the magic little instrument, that even leaves the " telegraph" and '-telephone" behind; and crime revealed by the "phonograph," may not be an utterly impossible event in the fnture. (THE Enij.) General Bojjth: " If a sheep walks otfer an acre once a month they call itrcultivation out here." And in England, if a hooknosed evangelist walks over a country once a year, they call it religion. To a Southerner, the havoc committed among cattle, up the Gulf way, by ticks is incredible.. .Out of a mob.of 250, recently travelling . South, 150 died in crossing a tickarid the hide, in parts, is as full of holes as a infested district. They suffer intense agony, sieve. If • the tick could only be induced to browse on the rabbit! A record. The pure merino flock at Booborowie, S.A., shore 51,705 grown sheep for an average.of 9Jb. 15Joz. wool per head, and 175,509 lambs foi 3lb. lloz. per head; or a general average on the total mixed sheep and lambs of 81b. 7£oz. Moral—careful scientific breeding. A woman sued her husband for maintenance in the Prahran (Melb.) court the other day, and complained that she could not live with him in consequence of his bad temper and i the ,, disgusting language , •> he used. " Rub bist '•" chipped in the chairman of the Bench, " you married the man for better or worse." For batter or worse. M y Adelaide fsther whose chUd died whilst he WA S trying to cure 11 faith to the % neglect of medical advice, has been bullied by a het- «odox coroner, and threatened with a charge o f . manslaughter. Faith may move mounturns, but flot microbes. ^ The man who prays or rftin to wlter hii y° un S corn runs to a doctor with his gumboil. Some Melbourne hotel figures. Ingoing, No. 1 —seven years ago £2,000 paid, now £50. Ingoing, No. 2—seven years ago £8,000 paid, now £3,000. Ingoing; No. 3—Seven years ago £15,000, now—^well, no one with any cash to lose will touch it. The accursed drink seems to be dying a natural death in Melbourne. A well-known N.S.W." lawyer -was so badly mauled recently by a client to whom he had presented a bill for £403 that Kfe had to remain in bed for several -days. And the. law solemnly fined his assailant 40s. -Attorneys are evidently growirigclieap in-N.S.W., and the •time may yet come when two of them maybe assaulted^or3d., with a further reduction on bashmg a quantity. . Victona's village settfemen experiment to date has mopp^ up, £48,005 12s 6d. Out of of the original 3,C3J settlers, 2,481 remam. ^ ^ n ^ ' n 6 the . c t, . . ,T, he Sout , h Australia £8a f r head - f e n t £1,200 year m tobacco-Is. per week per wholesale rates, jf aU were smokers. The tobacco bill represents over 10 per cent, f the annual cost of keeping the 1,776 men, omen and children on the settlement. But an docs not live by bread alone.- He, to a reat extent, lives by tobacco, especially as here is no grog on S.A. village settlements. 