THE STORY-TELLER. A TONGUE OF PROPHECY« There are only eight members of th< Comet Cycling Club, but they were om in full force on that delicious May Sun day for the run down to South shore, and pulling up, just before noon, al Sandy Oove for a sandwich, a pipe and í rest, they took possession of the piazzs of one of the yet unopened cottages or the beach. The day was fit for the gods, the skieE blue, the sea as smiling as if it "were mid- summer, and the sunlight on the sails ol a large schooner standing steadily aeróse the bay on a long track, the gentle wash- ing of the water among the rocks on the shore, the light wind codiwg and grateful as it blew over heated brows, were all influences which, combined with the fragrance of good Penique, moved one to introspection and thence to con- fidence. The little group fell gradually into à ' -silence thai among so many women would have been as ominous as the hush preceding a thunder-storm. Here it meant, first a profound animal con- tent, and following on the heels of that a long look into the future, after the manner of their kind, for the meditative man thinks about what is to come as instinctively as the meditative woman of what iS'past. Dick whitney was the first to speak. Removing his 'meerschaum from his mouth- it was a splendidly coloured lion's head-and gazing fondly at'its tawny richness, he said : 'Óur days are numbered, boys. We shall have few more times like this.' _ ' Why not P' demanded Morris, from his perch ón the piazza rail. * Because summer's coming.' 'What of" thatP' rose the chorus. They were all listening now. ' Girls!' said the sage darkly and sen- tentiously, and forthwith a gloom set- : tied on those happy souls-no, not on all, j for little Louis, in the corner, who had been softly whistling ' The Sunshine of Paradise Alley ' under his breath, turned scarlet through his tan as if detected in a treacherous thought, and wondered if anybody noticed the tingle of pleasure that, pervaded him at the mere mention of euch delightful possibities. , Louis was nearly 18, and wax in the hands of anything feminine, for at that * age, as some astute French philospher -Balzac, isn't it P-observes ' on n'aim« pat une femme mai« le sêxe,' but the others were hardened veterans, primed with the bitter wisdom of experience, and Dick, the Nestor , of the club, at 30 had made for himself quite a neat repu- tation as a cynic. Bracing, himself ?with a whiff of his pipe, andljlowing out the amoke in deli- cate rings he pursued his remarks : 'Last season was the first for years when a man had' the ghost of a chance to escape from their clutches. They couldn't all ride wheels. But thia sum- mer they've got them, Lord bless you ; yes, to a petticoat, and I can hear their assurance rising up over the land' whither thou goest, I mU go.' ' ' It's leap year, too,' said a still small voice, tinged with despondency. Tel lows, yon wv>'t believe it, but I have had three prc r oîils already since January and-' a gr^at burst of laugheter in- terrupted ^ ie speaker, who paused and .stared pensively at his golf stockings, imported at untold expense and chastely designed in the blue and green Sunder- land plaid. An Adonis of middle class society, finely proportioned aa a Greek athlete, and further endowed with close cropped cheßtnut curls and sleepy eyes, he felt it would tie unreasonable to ex- pect even a new woman to contemplate euch charms unmoved and put up good naturedly with ordinary adoration. These later aggressive attentions had been too much. Why was this amuse- ment at the turning of the worm P I ' What's the joke ?' he asked, sulk ing. ' You don't mean that,' cried Louis in- credulously. 'It's gospel truth. Why, what if I told you that M-, well I can't mention any names, but if I only hinted at a girl who has as good as asked me to marry her within a month, nobody would be- lieve me, and one of you would knock me clown-if he could.' ' The beginning of the end.' A. Bolemn note crept into Dick's tone. ' Reggie, is right-there's no joke about it. This is the sort of thing in store for every man jack of us unless we make a determined stand. I tell you, I have a presenti- ment than one and all of us will be -wooed and wed this summer if we don't take measures for self-defence at once. Laugh away. It's true.' ' Cassandra in knickerbockers/ smiled Morris, whose remarks sometimes had a Burprisuigly classical flavour. Dick growled. 'What is the better part of valour P' said he. 'Discretion!' responded the literary member,briskly, a youth who had.won that proud distinction by reporting ball games and yacht races, and now felt all the mental elation of a witty repartee. 4 Exactly,' agreed Dick, 'and where a -woman ÎB concerned one can't be too valourous or too discreet.^ The question is are we ready to be sealed in the bonds of matrimony,.or are we notP* 'We are not!'. The reply was unani- mous,-coming from the much proposed to loudest of all; from little Louie half- heartedly. ' The noes have it,' and Dick rose ta his feet, a gallant figure in his home Suns. A melancholy brown moustache 'actively hidwhatever expression might steal into the lower part of his face, and bis eyes were by turns sharp, quizzical and kindly as they lingered now on this lad, now on that, always returning lovingly to the meerschaum, which he often declared was the only thing that stood by him faithfully in life. He held it in his hand, and his fingers closed upon it with sudden energy aa leaning against a post he suddenly took up the theme again in à convincing, lazy drawl. 'I am no orator as Brutus is, but, boys, I know what I am talking about. They're a poor lot-girls-and they're after us like a pack of hounds. As Reggie there says, its leap year, and mighty preparations they are making. Silks and muslins, and flummadiddles, we are proof against those, for we know them of old, but this new woman who rides after us on a bicycle and takes the courting into her own hands, I tell you, I am afraid-of her. It seems to me there is just one safe course to pursue.' The others waited. Not quite., sure how much of this was chaff and' how much earnest, Reggie, pitching the end of his last cigar out on the sand, and stretching his mighty frame preparatory to blowing up his tires. * We must fly from the enemy-re- treat as she advances, that is not manly, but it is discreet. If. we don't want to be caught we must keep out of reach of the Dollys and Doras, or, hang it all, they will have us. What do you say P' Half-laughing, he badgered and ban- tered and persuaded, till more ingest than in earnest, the Comet Cycling Club found itself actually engaging to re- nounce for'the summer what the great lexicographer calls ' the endearing ele- gance of female friendship,' and not to risk willingly the temptation of moonlit nights on mountain or sea, picnics, straw rides, tete-a-tete wheeling parties or any of the lures the sirens commonly practice. . - "? ~ Poor Louis, indeed, felt dismal fore- bodings that tiie sacrifice would be more than ne could make, seeing himself in no distant future a perjirel vilain, because being 8till in that sweet, foolish youth which dreads nothing so much as being thought young ' ifs ' and 4 bate ' stuck in his throat, and would not be uttered. In a timid protest he ventured to murmur : 'Would it not be more Christian to lore our enemies ?' and the hubbub of his discomfiture broke up the meeting with ! most adniired disorder. They picked up Í themselves and their wheels, making ready for the spin back to town, casting last .glances at the beautiful prospect spread out before them. At the left of the little core a thickly wooded point ran ont' into the bay, the roofs of several large and pretentious mansions, showing among the trees here and there, and paths emerged from the aristocraties quarter upon .the beach, where rows of well-kept bath houses suggested that the grandees conde- scended to take an accesional dip in the surf. It was so early in the season -that none of the cottages showed any signs of occupancy, and great was the surprise of the young men as three people suddenly appeared at the end of one of these paths, an old gentlemen and a lady, gnd a tall slight young woman in a bicycling fit of covert cloth. With equal aston- ishment the newcomers returned the gaze till the girl, about whose good looks the club had instantaneously agreed to a man, gave a startled exclamation of recognition, and Mr, Richard ' Whitney, cynic and woman hater, hurried eagerly towards her with a wave of colour dying his sunburnt face. What followed was in pantomime to his comrades, Handshaking, a few broken and embarrassed sentences, then he was presented to the old lady and fentleman. and the conversation which egan continued without any apparent end in view, until the other young gentle- men left out in thecold fussed andfumed with indignation and impatience, throw- ing themselves down in the sand await- ing Lord High Mighty's pleasure to depart. ' That what I call consistent,' grumbled Morris, feeling au intense attraction towards the unknown charnier whose graceful lightly built figure appeared at its best advantage against the back- ground of sea and sky. ' Luck for Dick that she hasn't noticed me. He wouldn't be in it if she had/ observed Reggie, serenely. 4 Peacock Y came from the others, and Morris gave him a kick a little too decided to be phwful. ' Gan I help it P' said Adonis, with re {»roach. 'I don!t want them to fall in ove with me, but they always do. It's mighty awkward for a fellow sometimes.' ' Do you suppose she is in love with Dick P' asked Louis. 4 How dp we know, chump?' responded the Uterary member. Reggie regarded her fixedly. She was at that moment talking with great ani- mation and glancing up at Richard co qettishly, I should say she was. That's the way they generally look at me just beforèthey come to a crisis. I wonder who she is. I fancy I have seen her somewhere.' But now the recreant one turned on his heel, and walked slowly back to them -across the beach. His man-of-the-world air had deserted him completely, and, he felt as awkward and sheepish as a. raw schoolboy as he approched, greeted by a silence more eloquent than words, ' It ie an old friend of mine who hai been abroad for years,' he began. . Poor chap !' sighed Beggie, too quietly to be heard. ' One of those houses belongs to hei uncle and aunt. They just came dowi for the day-came on the train, and sh< is going to ride back oh her wheel.' Still that uncomfortable silence as th« Iaxis scrambled up and prepared to lead away their bicycles. 'Wait a minute!' stammered Bick ' Tou-you had better go on without me She wants me to go with" her. I don't like to refuse an old friend, and, beside, she doesn't know the road. Well ?' The club turned and looked at him as one m an,, and the captain became con- scious of a sudden intense envy of a clam that lay at his feet. ' We might all escort her,1 said Morris, dryly. * There's safety in numbers.' ' Yes, introduce us.' clamoured the others. ' Better not,' said Biggie, shaking hie handsome head. ' I'm fond of you, old fellow, and you wouldn't have a show if she saw me,' " A violent resentment gripped at Dick's heart at this ; he picked up hiß tall wheel and turned away. Ths lovely stranger had been watching him under her long lashes, wondering why the situation seemed so strange, and what had tempted, his joy at meeting her again. 'I shall have to lead him on,' she thought, ' but I am certain he loves me still, and I always meant to marry him in the end.' ' Dick,' as he came up to her, 'who is that awfully good looking man-the one in the green and blue stockings ?". l. Twenty minutes later the Comet Club had reached the top of a long and gentle ascent, which it was only a pleasure to climb, and there pausing for breath, -glanced backward instinctively along the -road they had just passed over. At the foot of the hill they saw the Captain and the old friend who looked not a day over twenty, walking slowly, and engaged in conversation of the most interesting nature. '"Discretion is the better part of valour," ' quoted Morris significantly, and the derisive laughter that followed was borne on the wind to the ears of that couple. Dick bit his Up savagely. * They are bidding you good-bye,' 6he said, softly, 'but you dont mind when you nave got me, do you ?' But little Louis felt something thump- ing at hi 3 side all the way home, not his heart, but the beloved meerschaum which the cynic had left behind, forgotten, on the beach. -Boston Herald. 