The afticle in tlie Aityua on Sir Philip Fyeh'e proposal to convert the debt into unified three per cents, shows that the writer did not grasp more than a part of the purpose, and consequently arrives at conclusions not warranted by the calculations whioh accompany the Treasurer's memorandum. No importance is attached by the critic to tbe immediate saving effeoLed I Decanse it is a part ot a mncb larger fiaviog in the interest on the debt which in the ordinary course of events will benefit futurity. The conversion 1b tfl be by equivalents, viz., three per cent, stock with 50 years currency in exchange for what now has an aver age of 18 years1 life and which costs 3 824 per cent. The Argus states that the conclusion is not justified tbat a present saving can be efrect£d withont paying fot it. Sir Philip's schedule clearly demonstrates that, and joints out ibat the present holders when asked to convert varied rates and currency into unified three per cents, of uniform currency are not to ' forego so laige a portion of tbe income they derive,' for they are to derive even a better income, and this answers the same critio's question, u Why can they he expected to 6ilrrender a farthing ?' There is therefore no issue between the Argus and the Treasurer in the statement of the former that ' holders in couverting four per cent, to three per cent, are entitled to such increase of principal as will, at the reduced in terest, yifld tbc Fame income/1 but the calculations prove tbat ' conversion on such terms is to us u worth a thought,' and brings relief to the immediate bor rower. The Argus goes on to state that ' the operation is performed of cutting the piece off the shirt at one end and sewing another piece on at the other.' This in not denied, but in the case of Victoria by the adoption of the scheme an immediate relief of £269,699 per annum would result to its finance now throttled by its tight-fitting 44 shirt,' and during the anxious time when tbe general revenue is embarraBBed by the railway deficiency and the people by the legacy of 1898 troubles^ The i critic's statement that ' the saving of interest must be compensated for by j equivalent increase of debt' is ad mitted. Such a conversion as is pro posed is always by equivalent where contracts are current. Mr Gladstone, however, managed to induoe stock holders to acoept 5s instead of 10s due on an agreement the duration of whioh be shortened by one year, and although like Sir Philip's proposal tbe con versions by Mr Ghilders and Mr Gladstone were optioned with the holders of stocks conversion to a con siderable extent took plaoe. There was no agreement in the way of Mr Vansittart, Chancellor of the fix chequer, in 1822, when he con verted £500,000,000 of debt to lower rateB ot interest ; the money had been borrowed without stipu lation as to time of repayment and there was no need for equiva lents. So also with Mr GoulbUrn, Chancellor of the Exchequer, In 1844, who again re-converted part of tbat debt. Here, however, there was a question of equivalent. The contract waB up, and what Mr Goulburnjoffered me uoiaeis eicaer accepted or in the case of dissentients were paid the capital Bum. We offer to our stock holders equivalents for their contracts. Our stock has an average of eighteen years to run and wc must give equal to that which we receive. Sir Philip Fysh proposes to make an immediate saving by extending the life of tbe stocks in conjunction with a lower rate of interest, and thus giving the equivalent. No one is expected to ' surrender a far thing.' The proposal is to increase tbe amount of nominal debt by £887,784, although tbe effect of the lower rate of interest secured is to con tract the amount of debt by £962,170 —representing -471 of the original capital debt. And in converting to a lower rate of interest and extend ing the durations of the life of the stock strong inducement is of fered to holders to meet our wishes. We gain the immediate advantage so much needed, and yet ask no sacrifice from anyone. There iB neither ' argu ment to induoe anyone to forego a por tion of the incomc they derive.' nor , any 14 lurking fallacy,' nor 44 Borne I erroneous assumptions.' Had the Argii* writer read Sir Philip's finan cial statement in context with the conversion memorandum he would have been able to deal with the full proposal, and not have mistaken the intent. Tbe tables attached to the memorandum fully explain the alterna tives which Sir Philip further elabo rated when submitting it to Purlia ment. These alternatives are : Let things alone, and if money can be had at 3 per cent, for colonial stocks then by ellluxion of time as each amoant fulls due it will be renewed at par at 3 per cent, and thus reduce the present interest of £297,600 to £269,424 by the year 1914, and further reduce it to £283,465 by the year 1926\. Bub. B&vfi; Sir Philin. lot. no have some immediate relief. Money is now in our time worth £2 2s gauged by the market value of Imperial Console, and 2*862 ganged by the market valueof Tasmanian 3| per cents, having 24 years to run ; while this generations paying an average of 8,824, We oan give the immediate relief by one of tbe following methods : (1) We oan by the year 2914 reach the mini mum amount cf interest to be paid when 8 per oent. iB the ruling rate, Vifc., £283,465, by continuing to .pay the fall amount 01 onr present annual interest, viz., £297,600, for tbat term ; that is the 18 year's eoheme. (2) 'We can by the year 1926 reach the mini mum amount of interest to be, j»id when 8 per cent, is the ruling rate, viz., £283,465, by paying annually now and until 1926, £278,757 j that is the 30 years' scheme. f8) Or we can by the year 1947 reach the minimum amount of interest to be paid, i.e., when 8 per oeut. is the ruling rate, viz., £288,465, and effect an immediate saving of interest of £28,789, pro mising also an annual payment of £8062 for a sinking fund to cover the premium to ba paid of £887,784 in I exchanging 3 per oent. for existing; stock ; that iB the 50 years1 soheme which the Treasurer advocates. One example will suffice : On May 27 last I 8£ Tasmanian stock, with 24 years' 1 currency, was quoted at £110 10s, wbiob would pay a buyer 8*167 per, cent, per annum, but tbe buyer would ; have to set aside *805 annually to re deem in 24 years the premium of £10 IO5, and so his net earning is 3-468. , Under the 50 years' fccbemb Kit Philip ! proposes to give him £110 10s capital for ea\;h £100, and extend tbe cur rency to 50 years at 8 . per cent, per annum, which is worth to the holder 1 £3 6s per annum. Snch :& bonus as this example affords led the Treasurer wnen framing his memorandum to state that 41 although tbe tables are made up in a 8 per cent, conver sion, it may be advisable to -assimilate the Tasmanian rate with 2f per cent. Imperial Consols.' The terms are too liberal, and instead of holders sacri ficing a farthing of the income they derive they will benefit considerably, while Tasmania exchanges a stock now costing 8*824 per cent, for £8 6b percent., as Bet out in the example given. ^ Different results will be found oy taking other examples from the differing due dates and different rateB of interest pf existing stocks, but this eiample suffices for the present pur pose. We claim, therefore, tbat tbe immediate relief is proved. We are anticipating part of what is going to fall to our relief later on, and we are passing on to the next generation a country greatlv developed at our cost. We have s paid 6 per cent, and 5 per cent, daring oar infancy and when struggling hatd to surmount tbe diffi bulties always attendant upon imma turity. We have borne the loss of the early years of our railway system. We have furnished tbe country with roads, abolished toll gates, bridged the rivers, ana Hiamiaaced tne maritime highway witb lighthouses, and we claim of the generations wLo shall | enter in and posstiss this heritage between the years 1926 ai*d 1947 that they shall pay £268,811 per anhuin instead of £233,465, in order that we may from now until the year 1926 pa? £268,811 inBtead of £297,600. In transmitting to posterity a debt bearing 8 per cent, interest the liability is in : effect contracted as herein previously explained. Sir Philip tells us that tbe conversion scheme originated from a federal purpose, with the hope that : should the colonies be brought into line upon such an important item of - finance on tbe debt it will be a long step towards complete federation. Commenting upon this feature of tbe proposal) the Argus states that a 41 joint and several guarantee,' the main feature of advantage offered* 41 would be exceedingly well reoeived* and cause better average prices to be tendered.' The Treasurer thinks tbat in tbe interim, and while waiting for federation, Tasmania oan make some progress. The extravagance of our present system of finance in Lon don oalls for remedy, and more im portant than all is the possibility of serious embarrassment should European troubles cause a crisis in the money market at a time when we must be renewing a portion of our debt. The annual return of tbe Collector of Onstoms presented to Parliament is an instructive document. In 1895 the total customs duties collected amounted to £304,864 12s 4d compared with £281,945 6s Id in 1894— an increase of £23,419 6s 8d. Last year the collectionsat Launceston were £147,928 2s lOd, while those at Hobart totalled £135,458 5s 5d. The customs revenue at tbe northern port was thus over £1000 per month above the receipts at the capital. At Strahan the 1895 col lections were £9526 4s 2d, an increase on 1894 of £4210 19s 2d ; at uuu uuruu ? ncoi COBBu pOUB fcUe receipts were £14,310 8s 7^, an in crease of £347 9s 6d. Mr Barnard has attached an interesting appendix to his return showing that in 1895 tbe total value of the imports into the colony was £1,094,457, an advance of £114,781 on 1894. A decided increase took place last year in the consumption of such articles of luxury ae spirits, tobacco, cigars, wines, and malt liquor, 44 whilst a steady revival iB also ap parent from the increased import of many other articles of general con sumption.' The inspector stateB that 44 the marked increase in the total value of imports might reasonably be expected aB the result not only of the revival of trade generally, but from the decided impetus given to the development of our mineral fields by tbe introduction of foreign capita], the benefit of which will no doubt be made more evident in the export mineral returns of the present year.' Domestic produce is still a feature in the return. Batter importations io 1895 exceeded in value those of 1894 by £2028, equal to about 82,0001b in weight, and floor, meat, and vegetah'es by some £1819 in value. Grain, sheep, and cattle were all imported consider ably less, but £34,000 was spent last year in importing prodace which the colony is quite capable of (producing. In 1894 the cost per £100 of collecting £326,806 3s lid was £2 4b lid, which was redaced to £1 18s 10£d per £100 for collecting £850,424 14s 8din 1895. The exports in 1895 were £1,378,063 —£115,978 lesB than 1894. But there are highly favorable indications of largely increased exportation in tbe future, as is made apparent by com paring t^e returns for the firtt five months of this year with those for the corresponding period of 1895, which abow a total increase in tbe value of all exports for the prriod nninrd of £126,789. A decided advance is noticeable in the value of thr* export of domestic produce, jam,|pulp ftknt, 0*1 1*, peas, beans, hay, Etraw, atd leather) whilst the fruit and timber industries are represented as. giving promise of increases since their introduction to tbe 'unlimited markets of the United Kingdom.' The concluding para* graph has an encouring ring about it : 'The immense mineral wealth of ti e colony having at last attracted the attention of foreign capitalists; neces tary and ample means will soon be available for the proper development of our mines, when, no doubt, tbe mining industry will shortly take front rank aB regards its importance in rela tion to the staple produots of the colony.' Funebal of M&b; Rejoey.—As might be expected, the funeral of Mrs Rt-ibej, wife of Mr T. Bcibey, was attended by a numerous and distii'gaished assembly, In cluding as pall-bearers the Premier (Sir Edward Braddon), the Chief Bccretary (8ir Pi illp Fjsh), the Minister of Lands (Mr ! Pilllnger), and Mr J. Arc) er. Other pro* 1 mlncnt attendants were Messrs. G. T. Collins and Doicry, M's.L.O, Bartnoll, : Buike, and Dnmarctq. M's H.A , Held (Clerk I of lhe Honsc of Assembly), St. j-gcr (office-keeper of the Hen*e), tbe Brv. Wm, l)rv, J- Millar, R. J. Archer, Falktacr. B.Gunn(W. T.Bell and Co.), W. J. Bain , (Colhotor of Cnttoms), P. Monagban, and I a Bomber of rrside&ts.; Among the many wr aths )lao d ufon the caffin was a beau tiful one from Lord and Lady Gormaneton, composed of white camellias, carnations, i maiden hair ferns, and other floral emblems. 1 tied with a broad white iatin ribbon, which, bommenclog with ft bow at the top; wound through the wreath and came ont at the bottom in another bow. Mr and Mrs [ K. E, Lewis, Mr and Mrs W, 0. Grubb, 8t, Hill sleo sent wreaths, which were sup plied by 'Mr J, H.Taylor. The c- rcmony -was a very Impressive one, and It most have been a set Ions regret to Mr Belbey tbat he could not be present, owingto Ill-health. Flowkb Painting.— There has been on view in the window of Mr B. |Mowbraj*i stationer's shop, Brisbane-street, on oil paint ing of a collection of wattle blossoms and leaves, withiseveral blooms of the camellia on a tambourine. The picture was executed by MiB E. J. Lamb, who has only had about seven months' tuition from Mrs B. Brett. The coloring is most naturally done, and the leaves and flowers are well formed. It is evident that Mrs Lamb Is an apt pupil, and tbat she has artifetic talent The painting reflects the highest credit on the instructress and the scholar. , CBABli? Pete^-Ou Wednesday next the bharity fete organised by the N.T. Football and Early Oloslog Association, and which was postponed on accoant of the iaclcment ?weather, will take place. A bank holiday has been declared, which will help to make the usual Wednesday half -holiday more pronounced. On the Association Cricket Ground a premiership football match and two bicycle races will take place, and at the Albert Hall in the evening an entertainment .will be submitted, arranged by the Early Closing Association. Tbc proceeds of the fttt are to be divided between the Benevo lent Society and the District Nursing Asso ciation, both institutions deserving of every public support. Qeobt Scabs s. — For seme days past rumors have been in ciicnlalion of fierce encounters with ghosts In the dead silence of midnight, in which the earthly being HbuwKcu toe 'cpooa noauy forcing him, ber, or it, ts tbc case may be, to retire in dlBorJcr. These rumors bave been generally treated as the imaginations of disordered minds, but evidence has come to light showing without doubt tbat the foolish and dangerous freaks of some Hobart mad' cap have inspired a Launceston ditto to follow suit, Besidents of Invirmay vaguely whisper of a white form, on tbe aide of which is written in phosphorus tbe suggestive words, ' Prepare to meet thy doom,' which hannts the streets of that suburb for the purpose of frightening the timid. Another 'spook' has been seen and chased In the sontb-westcrn portion of Launceston, but whether the two are identical will perhaps never.be proved. Tbe latter disturber of the peace seems to have up to the present made that dark spot near the Catholic Deanery bis bea-fquarters, but at times he moves along Bourke and Upton streets towards the Catholic Cemetery. 8 -veral nights ago he was chased linto Bablncton* street by a policcman, who could not manage to come to close quarters with him. About 7 o'clock yesterday evening again be was abroad, and although seen was not captured, Several nights ago a lady and gentleman returning from a dance in tbe small hours of the morning were surprised by tbe ghost In the vicinity of the Catholic Church, If his ghostship does not dis continue playing suob senseless -pranks he will before long receive harsh treatment at the bands of some of the many who are on his track. It is also reported tbat a number of small boys are armiog themselves witb revolvers, pistols, gnns, etc., with which to oope with tbis pest to society, Tbilby.— There was such an eager de mand- for seats for the production of 'Trilby' on Monday, the 27th inst., when the plan was opened at Messrs. Blrchall sod Sons' yesterday morning, that before half an hour had elapsed every seat In the dress circle was taken. This may be re garded as a theatrical 'record' for Laun ceston, and is the best practical proof of tbe very great interest taken in tbeiortbeoming production. Without anticipating anything we may bave to say witb regard to the per formance, it set-ms apparent tbat there must be some strong magic influence and in herent worth in a play which has had such an uninterrupted success in Eng land, America, and later in Austra lia. Messrs. Palmer and Brad^ 'a New York Company, after a series of trinmphB in Melbourne, Sydney, and Bris bane, are now appearing in Adelaide to crowded honseB, the capacious theatre there not being large ennugh to admit all thee 2 dtsirouv of witnisaisg tbe uniqne drama. It is a matter of great regret that Messrs. Williamson and Muegrove cannot give ns at least a 6CCond performance here, but we arc assured that such is impossible. In view of the fact that very many were disappointed in not b^irg able t? securc seats ycstcr.lay, the management have decided to B'.t apart' a limited number of stall seats for r^eervatior, aod these may be obtained at tbc box office this morniag. It Jb hardly necessary to i-uggtst tbat early application would be iLiiviafchlA. Tub Bills of Bale Act.— At the meet ing of tbe Hobart Chamber of Commerce on Thursday the matter of the necessity for the amendment to tbc Bills of Sale Act was brought nnder notice by the Launceston Obamber of Commerce, and it was dtcided to co-operate with them io bringing about tbe desired form in tbe way cf (1) making it compulsory for bills of sale to be registered, otherwise to be iuvali I ; (2) tbat It be made penal for the g ranter of a bill of sale over stock -or othtr securities lo dial with such sicurity unices with the conFent of tbe grantee; (9) to make it compulsory tbat releases should be ri gisiered. Police Coubt.— At thiscoart yest:r!ay tbe toiice M»gutra-e and Mr M. S. Kobin soo, J.P., presided. — John Brown, an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, aged 6S, was charged fry Superintendent Clements with having convened spirituous liquors into the Institution without having a written author ity to do so. He was fin d 10 j, or a week's Imprisonment. — Samuel Warren Haivey was proceeded against for having disobeyc 3 a magisterial order, dated December 7, *1894, by which be was instructed to conti ibute 10s i*weck towardB the support of bia wife. The Bench gave authority for the Issue of a distress warrant to distrain on t.bc defen dant's cta'.t-Je, andifailing a sufficient sum nemg WBeu oy mat meaiiB ne w&s; ordered lo be imprisoned for one mouth. — Two 1 drivers were lined 6s with 2s 6d costs for having no lights attached to their vehicles on a dark night, — John llotk pleaded not puilty to a charge of having unlawfully cut firewood on Crown lands at. Landfall, on June 27. After ]-- aring evidence tbe defen dant was rrpri' anded, and discharged. Convent Ball, — This popular even1; takes place at the Albert Kali, Wednesday, August 12. It is to be plain and fancy dress, and a number of sets are being formed, aud from what wo can hear it should be a great success. M r Henri Isaeli'e orchestra of 25 per formers bas been engaged for this occ'-sion so tbat a very pleasant evening may be looked forward to. 