THE MASTER OF OLD COURT PLAGE; .1. . OK. I FR0?/i TREACHERY IQ TRUST. BY KEDLEV RICHARDS. Author of "Sentence Pronounced,” “A Welsh Princess,” “The ‘Omerod My , ‘ttery,” Etc., Stc. / CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued.) “When I landed in •Kngland," con Sinwed Sirs Carruthers, “I at once en ®ased a 'detective to "trace you, and ffound that Martin had not married you "when the news came ’-that Agatha had been drowned. By the time you were! traced to Miss Delaney's you had heard that you were Mr Sturt's granddaughter' sand heiress, so that the offer I had inten ded malting was superfluous.” “What were you .-going to offer?” ■in «quirefl Grace. fo settle a comfortable income upon you. I wanted to'show my sympathy in ■a. practical way. Yes, Grace—if I may ■eatl you so—from the time I heard of the •affair I have felt a deep sympathy for you, which lias developed into love. One thing lias puzzled me very much—that the deteetive failed to trace your move ments from tiie time you left Martin's House until you were accidentally dis covered to be residing at Miss Delaney’s. J- nave wondered how you got to know I can easily explain that. Sidney gsaved me from committing suicide;” ■and Grace'told what happened on that -awful winter’s night, which now seemec “What: a wretch Martin Barron is . ? deserves no mercy on any score,’ said Mrs'Carruthers. Ai e you still resolved to have youi .revenge/” asked Grace. os’ a fitter one it will be.” . ut_ think of Alice. What an awfu 11 '"’ill be for her if lier lmsbanc GUraceS th° penaUy oC his crime,” urgec “Slie doesn’t love him.” “But she bears his name, and will feel the dusgi-aee keenly," pleaded Grace. I will have my revenge. Martin Bar ron killed my brother—yes,and shortened my father’s life, besides causing a slm to rest on his name. I know some people believed that be killed Clifford—that lie was not in Wales at the time of the mur der. I will vindicate'iiis name and have • my revenge.” “ ’Vengeance is mine. I will repay, •salth the Lord,’ ” said Grace solemnly. That may be; but r cannot stand and wait. Beside, look at that poor mad ■girl. I am certain she is Phyllis Blount, and she must be released.” Are you any nearer finding out the truth about the murder?” asked Grace “Yes; but once the ghost of Agatha 'Goddard enters Old Court Place, she will 'learn something.” “You don't mean to go there?” ex ■ claimed Grace. “Indeed I do. 'Martin thinks I am a spirit, and so does the old butler. I fear :iio one but Martha Gee, as she has sharp -eyes and a sharp tongue." “I should advise you to be cautious, 'for if Martin discovers who you are, and your, object in coming- here, vour life may be in danger.” |. “I know that; but I don’t mean to let him discover anything. Do you know it seems to me that everything is work ing so as to bring the crime to light. Bor instance, that dream of Alice's is a very singular thing. Then there is the way in which that gix-I manages to parade the house. I cannot understand how she escapes from under Martha Gee’s vigilant eye. hut I mean to find her hiding place,” said Mrs Carruthers, as she rose. “Well, this has been a night of revela tions, and now I should like tc know what I am to call you?” said Grace. "It won’t do to call me Maude, or Martin might learn my name from ins wife. Then his suspicions would per haps be aroused, so for tlie present it must be Mrs Carruthers.” At that moment the clock on the man tel-piece struck one, and with a good night the friends parted. When she was alone Grace seated herself and fell into a train of thought, which finally merged into the one ques tion—“Could she stand by and see Mar tin Barron delivered up to die a felon’s death? If he had murdered Captain Goddard lie richly deserved his fate, but she had once loved him,” and Grace shrank from the thought of the awful doom that awaited him. Of course in warning him she would be acting unfairly by Mrs Carruthers, and this thought weighed strongly with 3ier. At last she resolved to wait, and see how matters turned out. as it was quite possible that the additional proof required might not be easy to find. Then Martin would be safe. “But poor Alice, what of her? Was she to be allowed to spend her life with a man whose hands were stained with blood?” It was a knotty question, and with a sigh Grace gave it up, and prepared for 