A Fair Spiritualist; OB 1 A ROMAN'S VICTORY. , By "ERICA," Author of "More Than Connoti. . ALL' BIGHTS RESERVED.. CHAPTER XXIV. AN UNQUIET NIGHT. Alan in the person of the chemist is able to resolve the diamond Into a couple of common elements. When he can take those two elements and manu facture diamonds from them he will have gone some way further. When the treasure gates of know- Sedge stand open, "there shall be no more sea," that is, no more separation between the natural and the super natural. Nature lias not yet given up all her .secrets, although year by year philoso phers are unravelling, new threads of discovery which represent the clues of mysteries as yet undisplayed. wumc jujcLcrxjuuB Aui CD La. i iu. reveal- ed, but not yet fully understood.Among these are magnetic power and hypno tism. Whether Royal Boomcraft could or could not influence Edith Fletcher's ac tions by means of his superior will, they being apart and divided by actual dis tance, he himself firmly believed that he could; and the axiom that a sublime belief In one's own powers goes some svay towards bringing those powers to (fruition, Is a generally accepted one. Edith Fletcher was the first "subject" whom he had succeeded in hypnotis ing. He never forgot the night He Jed her away from the seance, wherein the trickery was practised— away to the 'banks above the Port Macquarie sands exultant, and yet afraid of the deed he had done. The sight of the face and form ap pearing as if soul and spirit were with drawn, leaving only their covering the body, to be 'held In Ignominious bondage toy him, had overawed him completely, He stood in terror and remorse before the vacuity he had created. He watched the senses return, and knew how keen was her mingled terror, shame and anger at finding herself alone with (him, a comparative stranger, at an unseemly hour. Then ardently, "passionately, he had declared his love for her, and told her that he held this mysterious power be cause his spirit had claimed kinship with hers involuntarily. All this with her hands In his, his handsome face and eloquent eyes alight With Hussion. So, half- threatening, half ri Of alia nrrvm Vt /ui She had exacted a promise from him that the experiment was not to be re peated, and he being too fond of her to risk her anger, had kept the promise. But now— now it was different. She had repulsed him — insultingly, as he chose to think. He would reassert his influence, and bring her to his side to feel again the humility of spiritual sub jugation. Evening after evening for many con secutive days he sat for hours, her photograph before him, concentrating his mental energies into the determina tion to bring her into his presence. Night after night he waited in the im mediate vicinity of the house wherein she was in the confident expectation that his uncanny and villainous efforts would be successful. He failed, but he never knew how nearly he had succeeded; although he had more than an idea that his defeat was due to the intervention of his hated rival, Frank Wentworth. Mr and Mrs Fletcher and Edith had been staying in Frank's house for about three months. The law suit which awarded the Bendigo property to Frank had been ended some three weeks. Frank, between resigning Civil Service duties and accepting certain ob ligations as land- owner, found himself the victim of a budget of correspon dence; so just about this time it hap pened frequently that he often stayed up late writing letters in his study. One night as he sat even later than usual", he heard a light footstep pass the closed door, and descend the stairs. "Which of them is that ?" he queried. I am not the only late one, it seems. He fancied that his aunt or cousin had gone down to the drawing-room for some book or fancy-work material left there by mistake. He did not take much notice until he heard the rattle of the front door chain; then he went down stairs quickly in perplexity, and even alarmed, without knowing why, and taking a light with him. The stair carpet was .thick, and he wore slippers. Setting the candlestick he carried upon a bracket, he went for ward to the front hall door; for he saw, to his great astonishment, that his cousin Edith was stooping to un loose the fastenings. He was about to speak to her, but she drew herself upright, and he saw her face. Commenced Publication, Sept. 14, The girl was deathly pale, and the tears were coursing down the lily-like face — a lovely, dead countenance, to which the power of weeping remained. Her expression was vacantly terrible, as If some past horror were frozen into it. She was dressed hastily in a careless way in her day clothes, and her rich chestnut hair hung loosely about her. He saw at once that she was in a somnambulistic sleep or trance, he did not know which. He knew that as a child she had been troubled with som nambulism, but understood from his aunt that the ailment had long ago dis appeared. While he hesitated what to do, she drew back the final fastening of the HgAP TT oh linn#) i l. . « _ J _ ........ .... iiauu was ujjun me laicn. In another second the door would have been opened. Then very gently Frank took her hand in his, and in a moment a glad change passed over her face, which transfigured It. She gave the deep, sobbing sigh of one who passes from the brink of Imminent danger to safety. It was as if the soul, sinking into some unknown abyss of sorrow, had been recalled to its earthly tenement. The corpse-like look was replaced by life and color; the terrified expression gave way to peaceful calm, and the rigid curves of the lips parted in a happy smile, but she still slept. Finding that she bad not awakened, he " led her back very gently up the stairs and along the first, floor cor ridor, until, coming to the open door of- the study, the strong light, or some other cause, aroused her, and she open ed her eyes with an exclamation. Then seeing Frank she clung to his arm helplessly. "Thank God!" she said, trembling from head to foot. "Oh, Frank, save me!" "You are quite safe, already, dear," he said, gently."You have been dream ing; that is all." Keeping hold of her with one hand, he held some wine to her lips, which she sipped; then she sank into a chair. "What has happened, Frank?" she asked. "You went to bed and to sleep, cousin, but I suppose you did not find it good enough this hot night, for I found you unfastening the hall door with the evi- dent intention of going out for a breach of cool air." "Did I go?" , "Of course not. I saw you were asleep, and brought you back. Have you been getting a nightmare?" "Worse than that," she said; the look of horror returning to her eyes. "I was lying asleep when, suddenly, I knew that Royal was waiting for me to go to him. It was as if he were dragging me against my will with all his power, I resisting, as one who struggles for life and liberty. "Then came a time when I felt that the struggle was useless, that I must go, knowing all the time that to be weak is to be wicked. "It was dreadful — oh, so terrible ! I saw myself lying asleep upon the bed and yet the someone who was really I pased out and away. I seemed to have a dual existence. "Have you ever felt like that, Frank ?" No; Frank never had. He took the poor child's other hand in his, and kissed it; and thought, as he looked into her dilated eyes and watched the color coming and going on the deli cate face, that this was a case of nerves overwrought to a dangerous point. "Royal was close by, drawing me on. — on. He would have taken me away. He had all but seized me " "Well, what then ?" "Then, quite suddenly, I seemed to pass from darkness to light, from dan ger to safety. I was sleeping peace fully again, and knew and felt so happy, and thankful to know, that no harm could come near me. "Then I awoke, and found myself here." "What a fanciful little cousin this is, to be sure ! We shall have to take great care of her in future," Frank said, humoring her as if she were a child. "Frank," she said, "'a dreadful fear comes upon me sometimes. Royal knows I have defied him; knows that he has nopower over me in my waking hours; but suppose that while I am asleep and helpless, his power with me re-asserts itself ! Oh! it is too horrible to think of !" "Then, do not think of It, Edith. It is a mere idea. I refuse to believe that he holds any power over you, sleeping or waking— unless you love him still." "Ugh !" she said, with a gesture of contempt. . " " "Then, put the man out of your mind, child, as completely as posible." "I have an impression that he is ' quite near us now," she said. "Just the feeling one has upon entering a dark room— hearing and seeing no per son, yet all the while knowing that the room is occupied." . "There is only one effectual remedy for that fancy," said Frank. "Let us go and iook for him." He took the first wrap he could find— an ulster of his own— and put it on her, then they went out into the street together, and walked slowly for some little distance. Edith's fearful gaze around her did r.ot penetrate the dark shadow thrown by the ivy-covered portico of an adjoin ing house, in the shelter of which Royal Boomcraft stood still as death, and al most 'as cruel, "There," said Frank, soothingly. "Ghost hunters never find anything ex cept their scattered courage. Nothing dreadful here is there. Road not so straight as St would be if it were stralglvter; pavement ditto; moon with prehensible curve— a note of interroga tion pointing the question as to when there will be a change In the weather; a wood-fire fog, antipodes of a London fog, perhaps an improvement upon the latter; two worthy members of a re ligious movement who would like to ask hs to matins witih them by and by; and that Is really adl. "No .hideous reality of the shadow of nightmare; no Mr Boomcraft, who is asleep and dreaming probably. Peace be unto him ! May his dreams be those of a straightforward man to make up to him for his waking moments." "Let us go in again," said Edith. They re-entered the house, and went back to the study again. She was very pale, and trembling still. "Well, has the impression departed?" he asked, smiling at her. She covered her face with her hands. "I rather like to see young ladies cry," Frank observed. "The nose assumes such a delicate pink tint." What girl could weep after this? The mental barometer rose to "Laughter" at once. "Frank, you do tease !" she said. "But. oh, what must you think of me?" "I think two .things of you, cousin Edith. I think that your temperament Is very delicately organised. I think that Hie over-activity of your brain could be neutralised by the active ex penditure of your physical energies. In other words, you would be a healthier, happier girl if you had some occupation which lifted you out of yourself, as it were." "Then you don't think me foolish?" "No, dear. A little too wise; that is all." "When 3rou go upstairs again lock your door and drop the key into the Jug of cold water, so that you cannot get out of your room without wakening yourself." "A good suggestion, Frank. Good night, and many thanks. I believe I owe you more than either of us know or imagine." "You fanciful child !" he said, cheei'- LUllji i X9 UlCj OllUUIt iiaiiuo» Edith carried out her cousin's sugges tion as to the key; then feeling no In clination to sleep she did what was perhaps the wisest thing under the eir- stances. She took an amusing book and read till daylight. "Jane, just come and look here, will you ?" Mr Fletcher said to his wife next morning. Mrs Fletcher went to look. There, upon the floor of the corridor, on an improvised couch of rug and pillows, Frank lay peacefully asleep, near the threshold of his cousin's door. When they awoke him, he turned upon his shoulder, like an individual resolved upon finishing his night's rest, no mat ter who came or went. "Waas wrong ?" he enquired at length. "A fit of rheumatism, I should say," Mr Fletcher answered. "A fit of somnambulism, I should say," Mrs Fletcher remarked. "He must have found that child walking In her sleep. Why did you not call us up, Frank ?" "Both, I should say," said Edith, opening her room door. "Frank, how could you be so careless of yourself ? I was all right." Mr Wentworth sat up on the floor, and addressed the company with the calmness of convictionf "I have suspected it long— I know it now," said he. "I am one — the one — of three of the world's greatest heroes and geniuses ! Wellington and Bonaparte only mounted to the height of detest ing feather beds; I surpass them, and abhor spring mattresses. "I shall mention the discovery to our colonel of volunteers the day after to morrow. He will instantly resign his sword and epaulettes In my favor, with a burst of admiration, after which— Lancers and Caledonians, to the tune of See the Conquering Hero." Royal was fain to realise that his un hallowed experiment had failed. With bitter disappointment, he confessed his defeat, and promised himself the plea sure of attempting some other means of regaining his powpr over the inno cent girl at a future time,, by way of revenging himself upon her and her family. Love — such love as he could feel— was his motive power also. The more un attainable his object— that of marrying Edith — the more ardently he wished for its accomplishment; the more doggedly he determined not to be beaten. I In the meantime, he bethought liim- self that It might be as well to attach ; another string to his bow; so he began to honor Miss Florence Golded with some delicate attentions; which she might or might not construe as indica tive of his matrimonial intentions with regard to herself. Miss Golded was a not over dutiful daughter, who "took after her mam ma." Mrs Golded was a lady who held the worst possible opinion of Australian people, manners, and customs; and gave expression to the same In the worst possible taste, being specially virulent against Victoria's greatest city and its dwellers. Swanston street reminded her of Shoreditcli ; Collins street of some world-unknown suburb in the far east Of London. The people she designated slightingly as "these vulgar colonials." She had brought her family "out from home" some five years before her intro duction to Mr Boomscraft. "She mixed with colonial society very little," utterly declining to descend from her former high pedestal of social superiority. Her exact status in her own country was not ascertained clearly; it was only surmised. It must have been some circle outside 'that of Court circles — a circle wherein swear-words and absolute freedom of speech and action was practised in the sanctuary of the house, and a strident voice (given to much boasting), a coarse appearance, and a heartless reality were fAlano fA/1 i f # . i i __ , < wv»vian.-u, JI IIUL L>\ lIlC £Q ciety" of hor country side. Therefore it was not wonderful that many of "those colonials" had been, known to go out of their way so as not to put themselves in the way of Mrs Golded. There was a Mr Golded also, hut he was merely the financial agent in the matrimonial partnership. Ho appeared seldom at Mrs Golded's select social gatherings. When he did, he appeared uncomfortable, being under the censorious eyes of his wife, and un der the conviction that the Queen's Eng lish was a diflieut language to speak grammatically in public. With itliis family, Royal endeavored to ingratiate himself. He was kept at a safe and rather contemptuous dis tance at first; but as the years went by. Miss Golded grew older, and Mr Boomcraft richer, so that he came to be considered "not such a bad match after all." But front the very first he recognised the futility of attempting to gain any influence of a hypnotic nature with Miss Golded, she being of a strictly practical and unimpressionable temperament. Nothing less valuable than a handsome set of diamond£WOJtiid have mesmerised her; whereas /'liese grown children's toys were off little account in the eybs of Edith, and Gay also.'- ' , ; " i \ »' \ / CHAPTER fcxr.— EVEIBD'S RETURN.' :: Gay walked placidly homewards from one of the handsomest suburbs, where she had been paying some visits with Mrs Rose. She was dressed in the prim- vi. hocks, anu car- ried a basket of choice flowers with her for the purpose, of making copies of them upon the screen she was painting. "Here comes Frank," she .said, sur prised. "He told me he was going ( o the matinee performance of The Palace of Trutli with his aunt and cousin. "When a poet and river meet," she said playfully as they shook hands on Prince's Bridge, " the result is usually " " Rhyme which induces slumber, if read," he observed; and the Yarra is not the right color to be verse-inspir ing." "Try the flowers, then," said she. "The flowers are my theme. Which rise unsullied from base clods of ground. As graceful deeds in lowly Jives are found, Though dull and hard they seem." "Next verse, please," said Gay. ; , "The lilies pure are notes Of songs Divine revealed to mortal eyes. They fell from angel's harp one day. Earth tries To keep the sound which floats. ' "To her from Heaven's shore. And change it into flowers, tender ; sweet. We pluck them; cast them down be neath our feet, And yet God sends us more." "The dahlia, Frank." ! : "White dahlia tall ! the sport "3 Of the capricious breeze; like handsome, brave Philosopher, whose honored brow is grave With weight of clever thought." "I like that, Frank; it reminds me of Everard. Now, the chrysanthemum." "Oh, loved chrysanthemum ! You are like matron fair, with soul lit face, With kindly dignity and gentle grace, I mark you go and come." "That must be for dear Mrs Rose. New say a word for my wee, sma' pets, the violets, Frank." "Small wonder tlvat I wear These violets, all fragrant, blue and white; Their tiny petals are the Anklets bright Which chain of mem'rles bear. "You gave me "some the night we agreed to be brother and sister, Gay." "Did I, Frank? But that is not tha last verse, is it?" "No, the last is to my mother' memory : — Edelweiss, the fair, » Springing from pure white heights of mountain snow I So from grief's desolation peace will grow: Love triumphs o'er despair.' "f "Now, strictly in confidence between, ourselves, these delightful versicles are not extempore, Frank ?" "I admit it, my sister. My brain-con volutions turned rhyniy one drowsy; half-holiday that I spent in the shade of the mater's great Gloire de Dijon rose-bush." "I notice also that you never com posed delightful extempore versicles be fore Miss Fletcher appeared," Gay r& marked, demurely. , "Then I cannot understand your as! soeialion of ideas. Edith seems to me one of the most prosaically practical girls I ever met. Notwithstanding the dissuasions of her father and molhor, she is bent upon going into training 89 a hospital nurse, in order to take night duly, so as to beneficially counteract her somnambulistic tendency." "What a splendid idea ! That Is be ing of some use in the world ! I wislf I could emulate her." "It is she who is emulating you. I have been telling her all you do foil your neighbors in your side street." "I only go about among the women and children a little, Frank. I am far too finical and cowardly for hospital duties. Imagine having to nurse a ter- iimi: iieaiuic one air uuniuies, lor in stance !" "I cannot imagine it— for you." Franlc answered, hastily, "Your njpst diffi cult task should be that which you are performing now— passing through the city with your flowers, bringing to busy, wayfarers a vision of light, fragrance, and " "Terrible ! Terrible ! To lose sight of your duty as a brother, and take to flattery. I must really speak to Miss Fletcher about this." "Have you heard front Captain Fur- uell since he went away, Gay ?" i This was a. painful subject to Gay. " "Not once," she answered." "He hag forgotten me, I suppose. After his fare well letters, no others came." Frank looked down at her. Her llpg were quivering, her eyes shining, through tears, and looking like dewy; violets, themselves. "Are you so very fond of him, deal) little sister ?" he asked. "Frank, you do not know, you can not Imagine, what my guardian has been to me," she answered. "My first remembrance was the expression of hlg face, wearing a look of affectionate ten-'; derness for me. In all my life I have never received a severe word or known; a harsh action from him." "Always the same; always loving and kind !" "I cannot help thinking him hot!)' un- kind and neglectful lately," Frank ob served. fj "Speak no word against him to me, Frank. I will not hear It," she answer ed, angered directly at any hint to her. guardian's disparagement. „ "Forgive me, Gay. Your trouble is mine. I would give my life to bring yoii happiness," he said. Earnestly. "And I appreciate your great good ness, dear Frank." "Since it grieves you to think of Cap tain Furnell, why not try to forget hlm» Gay ?" % | "Forget liirn! When I breathe the world's breath no longer I shall forget liim— not before. My first waking thought is of him ; every wish, and aim and hope is centred in him. There are times when I would give half the. years of my life to hear his dear voice agaTn/ "Forget him,! I could more easily forget my own existence. He Is nty world." Frank heard her with a heavy heart'. It was no brotherly affection he felt for her. He knew that now. This confession so artlessly expressed of her affection for lier guardian was exactly what Frank had been feeling: for her ever since he had known that there was no reason why he should remain single. The love had been deep ening and growing since, but he waited until the lawsuit should be ended be fore he told ber. \ He would never tell her now. Why should he? He knew that it would only, grieve her to know that he was dis- ... appointed of, the great desire of his life., She was no heartless flirt to exult over, "a conquest." Rather would she he as- hsnyl and unhappy. But the beautiful soul, the true, lov ing nature, were not for him. "You are looking pale and harassed, Frank," she said, noting the trouble in his face with ready sympathy. "This law business has been too trying -for. you. poor boy ! You must go away for a change." "Yes, I think I must," he answered. They had reached the door of her home, and were standing still to take leave of each other. "Which of the flowers can you spare for me?" he asked. "Choose," she answered. "The white ones, then, because of their resemblance to my sister." That day was to be an eventful one for Gay. During the evening she cal led, at Mrs Dumbles's house, being un- xious in a neighborly way concerning that lady's ailments, bodily and mental; , and sat talking to her for some time in a small room at the rear of the house. (To be Continued.) " | For many centuries the Chinese have dated all their public acts, documents, and chronology from the accessions o£ the emperors. 