PUBLICATIONS/ RECEIVED. "IN the Days when the World was Wide" is the title of Mr. Henry Law son's book of verses, just issued by Messrs. Angus and Robertson, Sydney, as a companion volume to Mr. A. B. Patterson's "Man from Snowy River," which, in some respects, it resembles. Many of Mr. Lawson's' writings are familiar to readers of The Bulletin and other journals, and they will hail with delight the appearance in book form of some of the best descriptions of back country life in Australia that have yet been pub lished. Like "The Banjo," the author is an Australian writer out and out. Both men have written "out of the fullness of their knowledge," and the result of their labours is a distinct gain to our purely colonial literature. Of their best work it may be said at once that nothing finer has been done by any Australian writer, and the future of both seems bright with promise. While Mr. Paterson has dealt with the bush in cheery optimistic strain, as of one who really loved it, its horses, its men, its whole surroundings, Mr. Lawson has adopted, with rare , and choice exceptions, a moody pessimism indicative of one whose life has been a struggle and whose muse has become somewhat soured. It would be absurd to say .that every one of Mr. Lawson's poems are of great merit, but his book will be read fromcover to cover with interest and, with regard to the bulk of its contents, with keen relish and enjoy ment. His "To an Old Mate" con tains some very fine lines indeed, while such contributions as "In the Days when the World was Wide," "Faces in the Street," "The Star of Australia," "For'ard," "The Vagabond," and " The Ghost,"'are strongly,if sombiely written. Of lighter, cheerier vein are "The Drover's Sweetheart" (as good as anything in the book), " The Free - Selector's Daughter," and "Andy's gone with the Cattle." Of the' remainder "Jack Dunn of Nevertire," "Trooper Campbell," "The Glass on the Bar," "Taking' His Chance, " Ben Duggan," " Out Back." "Corny Bill," "The Ballad of the Drover," and "The Fire at Ross' Farm" will be found deeply interest ing. "Up the Country" is fine road ing,.and was vigorously replied to by Mr. Paterson in his "Defence of the Bush," in reply to which Mr. Lawson wrote "The City Bushman." The writers took different views, and it is just possible that both were right. We commend "In the Days when the World was Wide" to our readers. They will find manly writing in it, "racy of our Australian soil." The publishers deserve credit for the ad mirable way in which the work has been placed before the public. 