OUR STORY. w A GHOST-FEARING MISER. (By W. T. M.) From the Monitor. Donald Graball was the very image of his own father, a chip off the old block. He bore him the most striking resemblance, so much so, indeed, that the most casual observer (with out having a favour to ask of the parent) could not fail to utter that very reliable remark, " Isn't he like his father." The father was a very mean man, but Donald was one of the meanest men in existence. In his youth the secondary consideration of education was ignored, and he was brought up entirely in the companion ship of his parent who moulded him after his own miserly heart. His actions were similar to those of his father, his inclinations were bent in the same direction, his ambition was forged on a like anvil, and above all his sole aim was equally to amass money. In this matter, however, neither was born with a " Coolgardie" in his pocket or even a nugget of gold in his mouth, but Donald saw light under somewhat the more favourable cir cumstances. Whilst the father in early life was dependent on his own abilities to procure food, Donald was sole heir, except the landlord, to a one-roomed cottage that served the treble purpose of bedroom, kitchen, and parlour, and also to a rather elevated strip of mountain land — a strip that only wanted length and breadth, soil and situation, to make it as extensive and fertile as the " Golden Vale" itself. Then there were two goats, a pig, and all the utensils and paraphernalia which are the necessary contents of a dwelling- house to fall to his share. With this inheritance in view it is only reasonable to anticipate that a person of Donald's calibre, a person of the most niggardly ideas, would not be sorry for the demise of his parent. He was not prone to liber ality, neither was he over-burdened with filial love, or at all likely to suffer from any qualms of conscience. The removal, therefore, of the im pediment to his inheritance could not be considered a calamity. Indeed he often hinted that the old man's death would be accepted as a favour. But events don t generally occur to suit one's desire, and Donald was, in this case, subject to the same laws which weave the destinies of less selfish human beings. However anxious for the death of his parent, Donald was cautious . not to altogether deny him food, or openly call him a nuisance or an en cumbrance, because the old man would take offence (with some cause) and threaten the visitation of his ghost to take vengeance on the per secutor, a threat that had for a time the effect of cowing the tyrant. Of all things in the world Donald had a most terrible dread of spirits (not whiskey, he could " do" a drop when not required to pay for it). He would quake with fear at the mention of fairies. The very name of ghost made him shudder. In chiklhood he was thinking of them while clrawing lines with a stick in the ashes. Later, when he began to help the father to cultivate the patch, he was careful to be within doors before dark lest the spirits of the dead should rise up to claim him. If ever he was out after dark, which, indeed, never occurred unless under the pressure of brute force, he always kept saying aloud, " Donald, you are not afraid of ghosts ; Donald, you are afraid of nothing." In boy hood he kept up the same tune, and in manhood, when similarly situated, he still repeated, " Donald, you are not afraid of ghosts ; Donald, you are afraid of nothing." Donald had no consideration for his parent, either as a father or even as a fellow man, and were it not that he had such a fearful dread of the power and vengeance of the dead, he would, when unable to work, have cast him out on the highway to starve. Ghostly fear alone prevented him from so doing, and forced him to unwillingly dole out a pittance to his parent — a pittance that was a torture rather than a benefit to his wasting frame. Ere the father got quite bed-ridden or rather bag-ridden — beds were too much of a luxury — he used to pick up food at the house of one of his neighbours to whom, on questionable security, and at a usurious rate of interest, he had lent some money. To this neighbour he often went for the money, but the borrower, antici pating the purpose of his errand, and not being in a hurry to pay, had, immediately he arrived, some refresh ment placed in his hand, and the demand was thus postponed for another visit. Of course he could not have the courage to ask for the money alter partaking ot this hospi tality. Eventually the old man was con fined to his house, then his misery increased. His allowance was cut short. Day after day he cried for extra food. He prayed for a larger ration. He used the most earnest supplications to have his scanty fare increased, but all to no purpose. The son was inexorable, even the threat of ghostly punishment could not make him add a single crumb to the miserable allowance. At length (a long length according to Donald's calculation), the parent expired, and Donald's wish was fully realised. Donald now cut down his own fare. He became still more niggardly. He scarcely allowed himself the neces saries of life. In festive seasons, when the humblest had, something special to grace the board, he had nothing. At Xmas alone had he been known to have anything extra ; then he added the luxury of a salt herring. Even that went against his grain, for, after eating the her ring, when contemplating its cost, he had been heard to say, " Donald, that it may kill you ; what taste you had for it ! There's your fine penny gone." For some years he starved himself like this, toiling incessantly from morn till night, adding a few coppers to his miser's horde, till he had col lected about £100. Every movable article he had went to make up that sum. Miser and all as Donald was, he had an eye for a pretty girl, and being now about 45 years of age — an age when very many bachelors are fools — he fell headlong in love. His choice was scarcely a happy one, for the young lady did not return his love, and, worse still, was not very refined in her treatment of his feel ings. He was her slave, and had to pay the penalty. She sometimes pleased, sometimes twitted. Now he is high in expectation, and again his hopes were dashed to pieces by being asked, " Donald, are you afraid of ghosts ?" Thus Jeannie tormented him, but Donald was no fool. He knew her father was no money-hater, and with him he tried to advance his suit. He very carefully studied his simple tastes, and did many a little nice act to please. Fie bought some matches, and always carried a few in his vest pocket to light the prospec tive father-in-law's pipe. His suit progressed very favourably. Donald's cunning had brought matters now nearly to a close. Jeannie was forced to assent to be Donald's wife. Preliminaries were all arranged, and the marriage was to be . celebrated on the following day. On the night previous, however, according to the custom of the coun try, Donald should show the fortune to the bride's father, and as the money was to hand, he was already congra tulating himself on his success. He was also chuckling with delight at the embarrassment and discomfiture of Jack Hinton, who had been the greatest thorn in his path wh'en try ing to secure Jeannie's hand. On the eve of his marriage, the one on which the money was to be shown, Donald placed a few matches in his pocket for the old man's pipe, then carefully unearthing his treasure, he lingered gloating over his ill-gotten horde, counted ' the crisp notes one after the other, and carefully securing them in the inside pocket of his vest, started for Jeannie's. He called ,at Jack Hinton's to tell him of his mar riage, and to inform him that his chances of obtaining Jeannie's hand were now at an end. On arrival- at the bride's house he found everybody, except Jeannie, in the best of spirits, everything about the cosy little room looked cheerful and inviting. The fire was well ablaze, and an air of comfort prevailed. The decanter went round, Donald lit the old man's pipe, satisfied the curiosity of all present by letting them have a look at the money, and with a wink now and then at his affianced, he was enjoying himself immensely. The sound of the clock striking nine made Donald start. He shifted uneasily on his chair. The night had slipped on unawares. He thought of the distance to his house, and the fact that a graveyard lay on his way. It was too dark to avoid it. He jumped up rather suddenly, bid a hasty good-bye, and with a promise of being down early on the morrow, made for home. The night was dry, but pitchy dark, the extended hand could not be seen, and the wind blew a terrible hurricane. Trees were being up rooted by sudden gusts, limbs were blown 'down, and the wind whistling through the leaves made a somewhat weird sound. When the light of the cottage had faded from his view, Donald's heart almost failed him. He thought of returning, but did not On nearing the cemetery his fear increased. He wished he had been less cruel to his dead father. He tried to convince himself that he had acted justly. His hair stood on end. The cold perspiration stood out like beads on his forehead, and he re peated aloud, " Donald, you are not afraid of ghosts ; Donald, you are afraid of nothing." He could not see a foot before him. He was de pendent, like a blind man, on the sound of his shoes to find his way. Stooping down a little, the big gate of the cemetery was discernible hard by, and his alarm magnified. The threats of his father crowded on his brain. He could not dispel them, and opening his big pocket-knife, grasped it with all his might, and in tended to sell his life dearly. A tew yards turther on his toot struck against something, and he was pitched heavily forward, receiving a severe stroke on the side as he went down. The ghost, as he thought, struggled beneath him, and was try ing to choke him. Fie put out his hand, and it touched a hoof. He roared. He smelt sulphur, and was sure he was in the hands of the d — 1 . T rying to free himself, Donald used his knife with great force, but his opponent stoutly resisted. At last Donald found his coat and vest were ablaze, and freeing himself from his assailant with the energy of despair, divested himself of those garments, filing them on the ground, and ran screaming to the house he had so recently left. The household was in the utmost alarm when the door was flung open and Donald entered, rather unceremoniously, in his new-fashioned visiting costume. Some time elapsed before Donald could relate his. adventure. At last he" said that his father's ghost in the shape of the d — 1 attacked him at the cemetery gate, set fire to his clothes, and nearly killed him. On hearing this, some lanterns were procured, and Donald, his prospective father-in- law, Jeannie, and Jack Hinton, who was attracted by the loud screaming, set out to examine the scene of thie recent catastrophe. The first thing they found was the coat still smouldering, and the vest and all the money, the ill-gotten gains of years, burnt to a cinder. At this sight Donald fell fainting to the ground. A little further on the father-in-law's donkey lay weltering in his own blood, to the evident dissatisfaction of its proprietor. It appears that the donkey strayed from home, and was rolling on a dusty road, as donkeys like to, when Donald coming along frightened out of his wits, and prevented by the darkness from seeing it, fell across the poor ass. The stroke on the side which set the matches in the vest pocket alight, gave out the odour of sulphur, and caused the destruction of Donald's clothes and money, was given by the ass in en deavouring to rise. Donald lingered but a few-days? and his wants were administered to- by Mrs. J. Hinton nee Jeannie. The End. 