The Story Between the Lines. (BY PniisroN KENDALL.) Following the coast line to the north from tha Mexican village of Tuito, the traveller now finds a rooky promontory where the village stood. The Pacific's surf breaking in little wild noauiagi on the rocks below rings requiems to those who lie benoath two mounds on the farthermost point. And the last rays of the sun, as that fiery orb rushes across the woken Untasic continent, seems to linger ?with loving askance over tha spot a3 if to read in the rude Spanish letterings on the grave stages the story between the lines. Jn that quarter of Seville, wcera now the ^ttulotccr rests Lij late Tmbutdoned beast before the homeward trip, and passes a merry night with bad wine and songs .ad borelo still more questionable, stood, when Father Time hung a worn out IS ataft two noughts on the hooks of eternity, the palatial residence of Douxut Marcia de Marzenti. 6oaroely a woman whom the 'world had used well, for more trial stars had crossed her horoscope than usually fall to persons *eho have all the sharp edges of life rounded off for them, but truly a woman who need the world well, for when the mountain refused to come to her she gracefully went to tho moun tain-with a smile to cover her chagrin And make defeat a triumph. So, when the .tan* P*me and her life wa« taken and «r]f en up arid down, she battled bravely '». With the social seas she bad lasted into a fury about her, and builded from the wreck of her hitherto wasted life a temple to shelter the heathen on a foreign shore. Her late husband, Don Antonio De Gir genti, was cursed with an affliotion worse than poverty-a respectable income and a name tar too large for it to support Con sequently, a few years after marriage, when the bills unpaid, and, what was ' worse, bills unpayable, were piling up on * Scows on a Swiss cottage, the flo6 tor's orders for Sioily and eea breezes were received with less aversion than in the midst of a brilliant season. "A inonth later found them on the South era isle, and the Donna's letters, reoeived at intervals from Sicily, were filled with all a Wjfc's anxioneie&rs; and iUconcealed wBjBpttiCt 5 The day stones piled in the public places of the old Hispanian city told fire months. from the day Maroia left, an anxious wife, whsn she returned a disconsolate widow. ?n ttA i^w- *°ld °tloa0 ' of rfaUkiig andiniahuif littler«stfbyttie side of her suffering husband-of the time whW^e.er^Mune % that lonely Sicilian cwwge, and of tie burial in the village' cihurohyard, with the sighing of the pines \- the only requiem,'and the stars the only tapers. ^.ASwong those who came to console after .he first great grief was past was the one whom tumor said ji)ie had loyed, in youth one who ahe would bavfe married thenhad ^ *">' family Interfered, hut now his .JfMJier waeHsad, and hewaa '^Uterollfis pmJmmfi*. The visits of Don Huerfano Da Marzenti brought solace to her heart, and ere long Vie widow's woods budded with ot≱ , blossoms and the black veil faded to a white. Tha happy years passed swiftly by, and 1ue warm light of love beamed brightly on thob lives, BO when (he fitorm came it was hut the more Plutonian in its One day, on the street, Maroia dropped a purse; a beggar picked it up and handed it Ac slipped a .oniii -fotn hi« mMfeoSHo llianlf htt, their eyas (Ws4»«^tntaigk4hat gliiiMirom a mind dethroned she read a recognition. Her brain was £n a whirl. She hastened homeward, fox a week the watchers never left her bedside. In her delirium she let (all words and disj ointed sentences that told . strange story. Her husband, faithfully Watching, became all but erased, as a bewildered apprehension of the truth gashed over him. The Impression could not be banished from his mind, and whsn Marcia had W*>yflE?dh» confronted her with the story, popbfg too fondly to hear from her a 0^5** ^ Sammar -iilght on the terraoe. *he clear resplendent moon Bhed far over ths plains her full orbed light. As its -glittering rays feU upon her dear out fea tures they seemed to turn them into Warble, asshe heprd the awful story. O flld you learn tbisf" The Jrows ssomsd to issue involuntarily from bar lips, "MarciaI You do not .deny HI Oh, llpeak but one word I Say it is not true." .With, an effort she rsooverod herself, ymarfano, yot no right to ques tion me thus." "Hlght," he jj wildly, "Eight, Whsn a man's eternity Is at stake I" 11 Before our marriage yon could have questioned me about tbypaet, but when you married me you waived that right. But how absurd, dear; of course I will answer you. Is it true P Why, could you believe it P Only a mad dream, dear Huerfano. Is it femsf Of course it is not Not no! my God, I must speak-since that fatal eight the horrible spectre will not let me rest By day it dogs my footsteps; by »»«?«.» t< .. . T?i>erfnr>n. T makes mo speak while all the oourta of Spain oould not unfit at my lips." He stood before her bewilo'-ered, speeoh less, while like a priestess foretelling her own doom she continued, " My only recollection of my mother dates from childhood. A. great barren room in the upper portion of the house, with hor rible gratings at the doors and windows. Ono day, in ohlldisli play I stole from the nursery, and, climbing the stairway, raised the bar from the grated door and entered. My motber ruBhed to me, and. forced me on my knots exclaiming : 1 A oourief at laBt from my banished king !' My frightened crics brought the nurse, who bore me back to the nursery. I afterwards learned the terrible explanation. The blighting taint of insanity was in our blood." She paused a moment, gazing on his stony features; then, in hurried tones, | passed rapidly ovur the intervening years between that time and their first meeting. " My first husband I never loved. I married him in a moment of pique, when I thought the barrier between ua was one of your own raising and eternal, I drank, unflinchingly, the bitter oup I had seized, hoping Time would some day set all matters right. " The night before we embarked foy Sicily, you will remsmber, we met at a ball. Our glances met one moment, and in that brief look my fancy saw the ghost of our old-time love. Perhaps it might again1 return. That' sweet, wicked hope taunted me always. You were free, while I was irrevocably bound to a man I did not love." Dry, unsolaeing sobs shook her frame as she gaud uneeeingly over the moonlit plain. For a moment only ah* gave way to her anguish, and in husk}* tones she resumed tier fearful tale : " 'Twos the night following a day of bis most trying moode. We had strolled upon the oliff overhanging the sea and stood in a lonely spot gazing out over its black was to, lit only by the stars. My thoughts re curred to that last night in Seville. I felt my reason fast leaving me. Intense sorrow and madness are so near akin that Hod alone oan traoe the line between. He was standing near the cliffs edge, one slight movement from me and I was free 1 My heart beat faBb||MMiHri|b|n|i|kB plness rosesp before know not what happe^jk|Mi^|pM|Hw|i the dull Bplash of the opened its arm? <o rwMttehilB. alone. "For days I never left the ?pot--; dreading, fearing. Ne sign was made. The waters kept my seONt. "* " I returned homa. Yon toow story to this day the month. I purse in the street. A'bejjjer.. me. I gave him amm-ug ashe iiftad the hat from his head I saw his face. My God, the murdered liv*d-the aaa gave up its dead I" As she finished her long recital Huerfano uttered one stifled moan and, speechless, staggered down the terrace. The throne of Montezuma had been long tottering from internal dissensions. The fire of half extinguished rebellion burned away in many parts the only barriers that stayed the vanquisher's tread. For 40 days the three stttrad oomethad 'glowed in the eastern eky.fore telling theooming >»i,a conqueror, a king, as many years before it had presaged the entry of Titns into Jndea.- " , . ?With the Teifuban prophet king the game of Machtli-the stakes a kingdom- . had befen' played and ]4B£. , The iOowsrdioB of the weak hearted king, who had united the greatest empire the west had knofrn, iyfet oould toot defeats handf?lbf (nen^hbd rendered him odious to his peoples. And now the conqueror was here. Cortes had landed at Maliutzin, and after a victorious westward march wag feted at the qapitol. Had he proclaimed himself the white faeed Messiah, whose retnrn was promised when years before that personage ~had departed from the western coast on a raft of> snakes, 'hie victory, WOuldJxava be$} Without a'etruggle, and universal Mexioo would have bowed to him in subjection. But he claimed this oonquest in the name of the Spanish crown, and the outlying nations, less fickle than their metropolitan sister, would not surrender to an earthly ruler, while they would have gladly wel comed their long looked for saviour, Cortez, flushed by his pacific viotory at the oapitol, and guided by Marina, the Painalan interpreter, who had followed him from his first landing, proceeded on his maroh of conquest Nwr Ttiitp ihey wow Cj^Sid^ mative Indians, arrayed in-the fobes-cf'tlii' Roman Church, and at their head marched a young white face priest, who spoke in the Spanish tongue. They warned Cortez of the great army that lay in ambush about, and begged of him, in the name of humanity, to epare the city. To their petition Marina added her prayers. Cortez wae resolute, but through all the fighting that enBued the young prieBt and hie faithful band of disciples seemed every where. Among both armies they were seen where the fighting was the. most ta 'riflp, giving aid to the wounded-prayers t«t the dead. ?? ^ ^ ? i | ^ All dajr. au£ far into tue flight; thy' bloody combat 'rajed on. 'Through it all the silvered crest of Huerfano de Marzenti caught the rqyt' of the burning tail, or glistened with the southern moon's bright beams. By midnight flu native* -were beaten baok into the town. A small detaohment under the command of De Marzenti had fpllowed a bend Of natives up the short lane that lead to the Temple of the Sun. On his, approach they hastily took refuge in the temple, where they etood their ground for some time against the Spaniard's steel. At length the' foreign skill overcame the brute force of the natives, and they were crowded to the altar's rails. On one altar lay five palpita ting hearts; on the other three, and near at hand, on the instrument for tearing open the breast, was stretohed the writhing form of a Spanish prisoner taken early in the day. At the sight the soldiers became mad. The thrusts valor had directed be fore now came from infuriated maniaos. At the altar the slaughter was terrible. A ^pppll * ' ? ' . f. flip who sought to stay hie antagonists second blow. Ilia face grew ghastly pais ae he gave an agonised look at the one he had slain, and with a piteous moan he fell lifeless aoroea the corpse, uttering but one word .' Maroia 1" Following the eoast line to the North from the Mexioan village of Tuito the traveller now finds a rooky promontory where once the village stood. The Pacific's surf breaking in little wild meanings on the rocks below sings requiems to those who lie beneath mounds on the* farther most point. And the last rays of the sun, as that fiery orb rushes across the sunken Rutaeio continent, seem to linger with loving askanoe over this spot, as if to read in the rude Spanish letterings on these gravestones " The Story Between the Lines." 