LONDON. Week by Week. (By Emily Soldene.) February 14, 1896. It is St. Valentine’s Day! Everything and everybody is touched with the breath of spring. The sparrows are “cheeping,” preening their wings, and hopping about in the rustling ivy that creeps around my windows. The big, spotted starlings and sleek, refulgent blackbirds are walk- ing gravely about the lawn, pulling from the messy, damp grass (with much deliberation and more force) fat, retiring, nay, unwilling, remon- strating, wraggling, and reluctant worms. The finches fly from bush to bush, calling with sweet music to their mates. The branches of the chestnut trees are tipped with brown, swelling, bursting, shining buds. The violets (full blown) hide beneath the pretty green leaves, and the primroses peep out on the world with half-opened, sleepy, and inquiring eyes. * * * * St Valentine’s Day! And the cat forsaking the fire, sits on the garden steps, airing herself and her thick fur in the sun, regarding with yellow and contemplative gaze the flock of pigeons circ- ling round, and finally swooping down on the gra- vel walk, “cooing,” cooing” — crowding round the crumbs, their grey and silver wings glisten ing with sharp flashes in the light. The canari-eis (out for the first time) are breaking their throats with joyous melody, and the Australian love birds are full of tiny shrieks and chatter, varied now and then by an earnest sharpening of beaks, that sets one’s teeth on edge. * * * * St. Valentine’s Day! How lovely is the air, smelling of the earth, everything seems on the move. “Hall er blowin’ an’ er growin’,” as the peripatetic floral merchant assures one. On the move, yes. But nothing is quite so much on the move as the postman, laden with a big, bulging bag, his face full of perplexity, his forehead full of puckers, his hands full of giant envelopes and delicately-scented paper boxes. He is watched from the dining-room windows by eager little ones, who shriek with delight when a particularly ugly one arrives; watched from behind the draw- ing-room draperies by the anxious love- lorn mai- den, sick with waiting for a sign from a not too certain wooer. * * * * Well, nothing is quite so certain as the con- viction that the spring business (like the tax collector) in much too previous, that Jack Frost will presently intervene, and with one touch of his icy breath, turn all this floral brightness to floral blackness. * * * * Such a dreadful disappointment — such a lovely entree spoiled: Four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie; When the pie was opened the birds they wouldn’t sing; That’s a pretty sort of pie To set before a King. * * * * Of course, society has been on the qui vive ever since the pleadings were delivered in the famous breach of promise case, “Watkins v. Majori- banks.” Miss Watkins, better known as “Birdie Sutherland,” is “a Gaiety Girl,” stands 5ft 10in in her stockings, and her personal attractions are proportionate. * * * * The Hon. Dudley Majoribanks, son of Lord Tweedmouth (once upon a time known in the lobby as “Teddy,” the finest of Liberal Whips), proposed marriage to Miss Birdie, and Miss Birdie accepted. As a “Johnnie,” Dudley is perfect. But mentally, Dudley is not considered capable of setting the Thames on fire. Perhaps, after all, Dudley was not too much impressed with his own mind — anyway, he changed it. * * * * Long before the court opened on Monday cul- tured crowds besieged the entrances. When it did open there was a rush and, presto! every corner was filled with rank, youth, beauty, age, ugliness, music, literature, drama, painters, who brought their own wives, poets who brought other people’s, up-to-date authors seeking psychical copy, society writers looking for society tit-bits. It was a rustling, scented, silken, push- ing crowd, and there wasn’t room for a mouse to turn. * * * * At 11.30 all heads turned simultaneously. It was the advent of the plaintiff. She was dressed in a tailor-made black jacket, with a collar trim- ming of sable fur, and wore a huge hat trimmed with great pink bows fastened with paste but- tons, small bunches of violets showing at the back, and an aigrette of feathers and imitation grass reaching up till it was lost to view in the neighborhood of the ceiling. The enormous hat exaggerated her tallness, and she seemed to tower over everybody. * * * * After this excitement people watched and watch- ed for the defendant; but the defendant knew bet- ter. At 12.30 people began to fidget, and at 1.5 p.m. people fell into the depths of despair, for Sir Edward Clarke, coming into court, and address- ing the Lord Chief Justice, said: May I he allow- ed for a moment to interpose to remove a case from your Lordship’s list? It is the next case that of Watkins v. Majoribanks. In it I appear for the plaintiff, and my learned friend, Mr As- quith, is for the defendant. We have agreed that your lordship shall give judgment by consent for £5000, with costs, but my learned friend, Mr. As- quith, will have something to say. * * * * Mr. Asquith then said: I have, on behalf of the defendant, for who I appear, to consent to this verdict. He wishes to state that he has no complaint whatever to make of the conduct of the plaintiff, and consents to his verdict as in some sort a compensation to her for the non-perform- ance of promises which be finds himself unable to fulfil. Judgment was entered accordingly for the plain- tiff for £5000 and costs. * * * * And the cultured crowd in the court said, “What a disgrace; after we’ve sat here all these hours, too!” * * * * Somebody said Miss Birdie went home in the ’bus with mamma, complacent and content. * * * * Tuesday was lovely weather for the opening of Parliament. Everybody is hoping things and people will brighten up a bit. In the House of Lords there was a mild excitement in consequence of the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of York, the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, and the Duke of Teck coming in to see a batch of new peers take the oath in the prescribed picturesque manner. * * * * The Colonial Secretary, Mr. “Joe” Chamberiain, is the man of the hour. Naturally one feels interested in learning something of his domestic environment. Disdaining Prince’s Gardens, the busy Minister, on every possible occasion, rushes off far from the mad- ding crowd to his delightful house at Highbury, about three miles from Birmingham. Built on the slope of a hill, looking from the terrace, far away, as far as the eye can reach, the land is Mr. Cham- berlain’s. Down in the valley are pretty ponds and pools, and hidden away among the trees is Mr. Aus- ten Chamberlain’s farm, and on it is a famous little herd of Jerseys. * * * * The great house itself is Venetian-Gothic, with big bow windows and many peaked roofs. There is a large hall, with an old oak floor, a wide oak stair case, and an oak gallery, a la “Dorothy.” This hall and gallery is an embarras des richesses, full of ghosts, colored tiles, alabaster, variegated marble, rare plaques, tapestry, and curios, galore. The gold embroidered portiere came from Cairo. On the mantelpiece stand bronze castings from Japan. On the sofa is the leopard skin presented by Khama to the “great chief.” There is a mandolin from the orchestra of the King of Uganda, the dress and arms of a Soudanese Dervish, some heads of buffalo and stag, shot in the Rockies. By the staircase rests an American standard. On the wall hangs the portrait of John Endicott, the first English Governor of Mas- sachusetts (an ancestor of Mrs. Chamberlain’s). * * * * The great drawing-room faces the south, and opens into the winter garden, where a tinkling musical fountain plays amid a grove of graceful palms. Through this garden lies the road to Fairy Land, to the house of the orchids. Opening off a glass corri- dor there are thirty green and hot houses, all of which you can visit without breathing the cold air yourself, or letting it in on the tropical tender, tremb- ling ones. But there are other things grown here beside orchids. There is a rose house, a carnation house, a cyclamen house, a gardenia house, &c.; — a perfect wealth of bower, blossoms, and blooms, a floral paradise. This is Mr. Chamberlain’s fad, hobby, retreat— flower culture. He does not drive, hunt, shoot, golf, or fish. A walk through his flower mansions is enough. They rest and recuper- ate the wearied mind. * * * * Mr. Chamberlain is not a Birmingham, but a Cock- ney-born man. He has four pets — his son, his black and tan collie, his Irish setter, and his Persian cat. * * * * Princess Henry of Battenberg, with her four chil- dren, left Dover for Calais yesterday morning. Col- onel Clerk crossed with the Royal party. * * * * The Queen is to leave Osborne next Friday for Windsor Castle, where her Majesty will reside until her departure for the Riviera. The Queen will pro- bably leave Windsor on the afternoon of Monday, March 9, arriving at Cimiez on the morning of Thursday, the 12th. * * * * Colonial dinners are becoming more and more popu- lar in London. The South Australians who have re- turned here either permanently or on a visit are about to start an annual feast. The first will be held on March 4, under the patronage of Lord Kintore and the presidency of Sir James Fergusson. At the Royal Colonial Institute banquet on April 24, Lord Lorne has consented to take the chair. * * * * Miss Munday and Miss Willie have been appointed inspectors of schools. “Two new Inspectors, each a Miss! They’ll all be women one day: Sic transit gloria hominis, Sic floret gloria Munday.” * * * * The first “drawing-room” is to be held at Buckingham Palace during the second week in March (after the Queen’s departure for the Conti- nent) by the Princess of Wales, assisted by Prin- cess Louise. It is not yet decided whether there is to be a second “drawing-room” before Easter; but there are to be four altogether, of which two will be held early in May. * * * * There is a good deal of grumbling about the Lord Chamberlain closing his list for the first “drawing-room” “so early.” * * * * Lord and Lady Lamington, whose departure for Queensland was delayed by Lord Lamington hav- ing to attend the funeral of the late Prince Henry of Battenberg, with whom he had been on terms of great intimacy, left London on Thursday morning for Rome. A great crowd of friends and relatives were present to bid him good-bye, among them being his mother, the Dowager Lady Lamington, and his youngest sister, Lady Mel- ville, his father-in-law. Sir William Hozier, Lord and Lady Granby, Lord Rowton, Lord Cranborne, Sir Henry and Lady Norman, Mr. George Curzon, Sir Richard Webster, Mrs. Hobart-Hampden, and Mr. and Miss Hozier. * * * * German William, before that little affair of the congratulatory Kaiser telegram, had hired Mr. Cecil Leigh’s beautiful yacht White Heather for the Cowes week. After the telegram and the rumpus and the fuss, he changed his mind. Well, directly the Kaiser telegraphed the bargain off it was taken by Mr. Whittaker-Wright, one of the West Australian gold millionaires. * * * * Lots of sales on. The latest one— “going, go- ing, gone”— is at Madame Vanite’s, of Grafton- street. She has some chic things in French models — went so cheap, too. Fancy! A tan leather blouse embroidered in lace and jet sleeves of shot-silk green and gold. There was another of white leather, embroidered in steel, with cream brocade sleeves. Madame Vanite was once upon a time the “beautiful burlesque actress” Nellie Bromley, well- beloved of Lord C——, the Duke of B—— , &c.;, &c.; Mrs. and Miss Campbell-Praed are at Cannes. * * * * Lady Jersey and Lady Margaret Villiers have gone up the Nile. * * * * At the Avenue Theatre on Wednesday night was produced a new comedy by. Frederick Bowyer and W. E. Spange, music by “Johnny” Crook, called “The New Barmaid.” It created a sensation. Mr. Clement Scott, very bitter on the “decadents,” gave the piece a dreadful slating, making the management swear, and the chorus girls cry. I send you a sample of the lyrics: Of all the vocations I know An up-to-date bride is the best. A widow she’s been and two husbands she’s seen, But that doesn’t make her depressed. She blushes and ogles and sighs, And keeps her eyes fixed on the floor; She asks what to do, she pretends it’s all new; They don’t know she’s been there twice before. She laughs ha! ha! ha! Hoop, ha la! It’s spooferty spoof. So long as it pays her she don’t care a hang, It’s all make-believe, She laughs up her sleeve, With her Panketty Ping! Panketty Pang! * * * * Some girls will go afloat, with a fellow in a boat— You know the kind of boat I mean; It is painted gold and blue, and there’s only room for two — You know the kind of two I mean. The boat goes with the breeze, and he gives her waist a squeeze — You know the kind of squeeze I mean Oh, the river on a jolly summer day. From Richmond up to Marlow. you will hear the fel- lows say, “Jump in, dear, and you shall steer. My banjo I will play; With a pink-a-pong we’ll drift along And dream the time away.” * * * * Miss Lily Harold, who plays the Queen of the Fairies at Drury Lane, is Birdie’s sister. * * * * Apropos of Drury Lane, in consequence of some sudden press of business. Sir ’Arris’s Bombay expedition was at the last moment postponed. * * * * Last Saturday night Sir Boyle Roche’s bird was not in it with me. I heard the performance at the Gaiety, the Princess of Wales, Daly’s, the Lyric, the Savoy, and the concert at St. James’s Hall. How did I do it? Why, by the electro- phone, of course. I was dining at Croydon, too, ten miles from London. There were six terminals in the drawing-room. I took the nearest sofa, my coffee, my ease, and the various entertain- ments with much calmness and no exertion. Everything was very distinct. You could hear the singers best; next to them the unparliamentary language of the carpenters behind the scenes. The applause of the audience sounded like the sea running up a pebbly beach. A band of sixty at St. James’s Hall was capital. The illusion was perfect. When the girl changed the switches, in London, and tickled my ear in Croydon, with a loud “Savoy” or “Daly’s,” I said involuntarily, “Thank you.” * * * * I made up my mind I would this week mention only the “quick,” and have nothing to do with the “dead.” But, of course, one must except the falsely reported dead. Everybody was so pleased on Monday to hear Miss Alma Stanley was alive, and “much better.” The “Daily Tele- graph” says the report is “inexplicable.” Quite so. * * * * On Wednesday night friends of Oscar Wilde produced in Paris at the Theatre de l’Oeuvre his one-act prose play, “Salome.” This dramatic sketch, forbidden to be represented in England, was offered to Madame Sarah Bernhardt, who resolved to stage it, but afterwards changed her mind. It was well received. * * * * Considerable disappointment was caused by the postponement at the last moment of Mascagni’s cpera, “William Ratcliffe,” which should have been produced at the Scala Theatre, Milan, last night. The reason given was the sudden indispo- sition of the tenor, De Negri. Many persons had come from Rome and Venice to witness the per- formance, and American visitors even came es- pecially from Paris. The performance is now announced for to-morrow, 15th. * * * * At the station. “By Jove, I left my purse under my pillow!” “Oh, well, your servant is ~ honest, isn’t she?” “That’s just it— she’ll take it straight to my wife!” 