(the HAUNTED CHIMNEY. ^ 44 If tho nighorino will tako my advice, he will not sleep in this room.' 44 Aud why should I not sleep in this room, Antonio P ' Tbe fellow shrugged his shoulders, looked about him mysteriously, then, coming ? step nearer, began in a low voice : 44 Bocause— ' ! 44 What arc you cbutting about, you im becile? ' tho landlord's voico broko in, as at this moment ho appeared at tbe door. Tho servaut drew back, and though ho held his tongue, the exprcssiou of his faco did not change. *4 Tho signor wilt doubtless wish to refresh bitmclf with n good night's rost, after his long journey, ' the landlord remarked to me, in tbo obsequious touo of his class ; then, turning im patiently to tbo servaut again, he continued, 44 And you stand here doing nothing, and by your idle gossip keep our guost from sleeping.' 44 lb is not I who will keep him from sltop iug,' muttered Antonio, bb he proceeded to nnfasten tho straps of my portmanteau. 44 Basata, enough !'* exclaimed his master, angrily ; then to me, in quito a suave manner, 44 I wish you a good night's ropose,'* adding insinuatingly, *4 you will not hnvo allowod your mind to bo perturbed by tbis follow's idle chatter ?' 44 Oh. no !' I answered shortly. ' I was oross, and too sle-py to hcod tho uneasy maimer of tho landlord, or tho timid, deprecating glances' of the serVaut. 44 Good , night,' I added, by way of a hint that I wished | to be ulone. j 44 Good night, and may your repose be | tranquil !' saying which, mine host bowed himself out of the room. j 44 Your servant, sir !' and Antonio made an | oboisanco, then, passing close by mo, as he I hurried to tho door, where bis master awaited | bim with visible impatience ho managed to 1 whisper, n See that the fire-board is fasteuod tight, and keep your candle burning. I am at tho end of the hall !' I was a bit strutted by this mysterious advice, though to proud to betray my sudden pertur bation by demanding au explanation then and thero. I At that time I was an aspiring young art student, and had come to puss a few weeks in Venice, where aloue, of all the cities in Italy, does the wonderful colouriug of the skies en trance tho painter's soul, and seem to defy his palette. It was not my first visit to the i4Queen of the Adriatic,' nor to this queer old inn. It was a tumble down building, which cunturies before bad becu a palace — as the dwellings of the Italian nobility aro called ; but the ages had come and gone, and tho last scion of the race which had formerly claimed tbis amoug its numerous residences hnd loug since passed away. Owing to tho fact that it was situated on a small caual at somo distance from the 1 grand canal, it escaped general notice. To ascend to the apartments which at present constituted tho hostelry, one hud to psss under tho great arched doorway, through the empty space beyond to tho stairs, which led up to the second floor. Here, soine of tbe palatial rooms had boon partitioned off into small apartments. On the occasiou of my present visit tbe house was full, aud thus oue of tbe large rooms, undisturbed by nineteuth century carpenter and mason, was assigned to me. It was bare and I lofty ; its two windows, several feot from tho | tho grouod- reached by flights of three steps — looked out on the narrow strip of water below. At this hour they were barred by heavy wooden shutters, while faded hangings draped them, and gave a strange, almost weird aspect to tho deep recesses above the little stone 6teps. Between the windows stood a marble console, over which hung au obloug mirror in a tarnished gilt frame. On one side of tbe room was tho high, narrow bed, with canopy aud curtains like those at the windows; and at its left was tho priedieu; on thoright, tbe night table. Chairs were placed 8lifily against the wall, around the room. At the farther end of tbis vast apartment, and facing the bed, was the huge fireplace, which luokod black aud fathomless us a cavern, by the dim light which the candle shed throughout the room. Over this tiuug a strip of faded damask, like tho other draperies in texture and design ; it partially conccaled the tireboard, which bad been removed from its accustomed place and placed on ono sido. I stood for a moment listening to the retreat ing footsteps, with a curiously uuea&y; feeling ort eping over mo as presently they ceased- and al was 6till. I took up the candle and pro e -1(mI to make a close survey of tbo room. I tii d tbe various doors and windows, Unding them all securoly fastened; opened the cum bersome wardrobe, and— lot me confess it — actually looked uuder the bed. Fiually, I stooped and gazed into tbe sombro depths oftbe ancient fireplace, aud a6 I did so, my light flickered. I went back to the table, and, putting down tbe candle, oponed my portmanteau and begau to tako out the necessary articles. I, debated a littlo whether or no to put out the light, a vague sense of uueaainess oppressing me which I waa ashamed to acknowledge, even to myself, then— but I left it buruing. I fell into an uneasy sleep, the result of fatigue nnd a lato supper, |-erhaps. I was awakeued suddeuly by tbe sound of a heavy full, followed by a death-like silence. I sat up in bod aud looked round the room, wondering sleepily why my candle was still burniug, and was about lo blow it out, when Antonio's mys terious advice came back to me Again 1 fell asleep, for bow lung 1 cannot say^ when once more I was aroused by tho noise of a dull thud, «nrli as the falling of a body would make. But tbis liiue, instead of utter silence — which before i.ua first startled me and then served to quiet my fears — a moan fell upon the air. 1 sprang from the bod, and, grasping tbe candlestick, iu which the caudle was fast burn ing in its socket, I started across the room, to investigate, if possiblo, this strange souud. Five minutes later I was back in bed ag:un, and, inclined to reproach my silly feats, 1 turned over, aud soon fell into a uu- e restful slumber. It seems to me, as I recall tbe happenings of that night, at tor tho lapse of muny years that I couki scarcely have closed my oyes when still again, 1 was awakened, this time by something rolling down the chimney then fulling heavily upon tbe marble hearth. The candle Uickered, and beforo I had time to recover myself, shot up one feeble flame and went out. At that instant the distant bells of Sun Marco— at least, 1 tancieu 'twas they— canned tne nour ot tbrt e Tho lovely summer down must be broitking the cloudless Venetian skies ; but tbo barred casements kept out oveu a possible ray of light. I felt round over tho cold marble top of the little table at my bedside for the matches, and just as I found one a deep groau fell upon my ear, aud for a moment my hand trembled to that I could not strike it. At length I had it lighted only to discover that the other candlo was on the centre tsbto. The little wax light was burning quickly in my hand, and would bartly last to get me across the room. I stepped hastily to the floor, and moved over to whero the unlisted caudle stood. Tho illumination which this fresh one gave was dim and wavering but holding it steady until I felt suro that it would not go out, I walked over to tbe fire place, stopping suddenly short as I stood within a few feet ol it. My hand shook so that 1 could scarcoly hold the lig&t;, while it seemed to me that the loud beating of my heart must drown every other sound. For a moment I could not got my breath there, as 1 fetched a long gasuing sigh. I could feel tho cold porspiration running down my back. Just iu front of tbe great chimney, with wide open eyes fastened upon mo, lay a man's bond, severed from bo body, and with tho blood flowing freshly from the neok. 1 pulled myself tngotbor, tryiug, as best 1 could, to take in the (situation. Had a murder been committed then and there, and where was the body ? I stepped closer and closer, fascina ted by the horror of the gieat, staring eyes, which 6oemed to draw mo ou, when, suddenly,! found myself looking into empty space. The head bad disappeared ! 1 dropped on my knees, and still grasping tho candlestick tightly crept up to the gaping mouth of the fireplace, some unknown but irresistible power forciug me ou uutil I was on the spot where, a momeut beforo that ghastly head had laiu. I leaned forward to peer iuto the chimney, moving my candle a little to throw a stronger light upon the opening, when a gust extinguished it, and in the darkuess which fol lowed the silt nee was broken only by a suc cession of low moaus, which gradually died upon thou air. The candlestick foil from' my now nervelesH baud, and I could bear it rolling away beyond my reach. I. opened my mouth to call, but not a sound issued from my parched throat. I made a last superhuman effort to free myself from the horrible fear which was fast overpowering me. Struggling to my feet, I managed tostagger toward whero I believed tbe windows were, only to 6infe upon tho etono Step*, quaking with a new dread, as, even as I touohod tho drapery wbioh hung bcsldo it, a ray of light fell upon tho floor, and tho figure of a man dragging a headless body appeared beforo my torror-strickcn eyes. It must bavo been two hours later that I opened my eyes, to find honest Antouio beuding over me. For a momeut t ho light pouring in from tho open casement almost blinded me. 44 My God 1 What was it ?' I gaspod, as the good fellow, putting his arms about me, half carried mo to the bod. He did not reply, but moved quiokly back to tho other window, romoved tbe bar, opened wide the wooden shutters, and, picking up from tbe stop the oil lamp which bo had probably had in his band wheu he entered the room, put it on tbo console. Then, still silent, bo went toward the fireplace, and taking up the great flroboard put it iuto place, remarking laconi cally as he did so ; . 44 Tho signorino forgot to fasten in the fire board, it appears.' With tbo light of day pouriug into the room, and tho sweet morning air gently moving tho shadows on tbo wall, ths horror of the night began to disappear, and I felt my strength returning. I watched Antonio and tried (o think ; but my brain was not in working order, and tbo very effort made me dizzy. Antonio, turning from tho chimney, looked at me, then taking up my flask from the table, poured some of its contents iuto a glass, and briuging it to mo said : 44 Drink that. I will bring you your coffeo in a fow moments.' 44 How did you get in ?' I asked bim when he returned with the bevcrago. 44 Tho signorino asked mo to call him at dawn, as ho wished to study sunrise effects ; so I came early to tho door. 1 kuuw when I received no answer to my knocks, that some thing had happened. It was not difficult to force tho old lock.' 44 Tell me, what was it ? It wis too real to bave been a nightmare. What was it, Antonio ?' 44 The signorino does not know ? Aud yet it is an old htory here. 'Twas tho ghost of tho murdered man.' 44 It was not a ghost at all 1' I exclaimed. 44 It was a bead.' I 44 Tho same thing.' I 44 Have you ever boon it ?' ! 44 God forbid !'' And Autonio crossed bim ! self. 44 1 shall not pass another night in this house.' 44 No ? And only last spring, a painter, one of your compatriots, camo here from Rome, and stayed iu tbis very rooui on purpose to seo tho head. He weut awuy much disappoiutcd, for it uever appeared to him, though be did bear it iu tbo ehimuoy.' By tbis time I was dressed, but was deter mined to hear tho story before I left. It had beguu to dawn upon me that Antonio did not meon to tell it. 44 Como, Antouio,' I began. At this moment my gondolier appeared at the door. 4| Francesco knows it better thau I ; and besides,' suid Autonio, 44 we are not allowed to talk about it in this house.' Fraucesco was ready enough to repeat the gruesome tale, and with all the t'nmatic fervour of his race, wont over it in detail. It was toward the middle of the last century that Duke Uorolnmo do Gerolamei lived 'in this, bis aucestral home, with bis two sons and his ward, the only child of his sister. It was intended that tbe htir to the proud old namo should marry tbe fair young cousin, aud of course the wayward girl fell in love with tho younger sou, who returned her passion teufold. But the guordiuu and uncle laughed at tbiB childish folly, and calmly fixed the weddiug day. Meantime, the hatred of h a brothers grew. The elder was enraged bee. u-o bo could not win the lovo of the woman who was to be his wife ; the younger was furious aud despairing because, througti tbis accident of birth which made him tho younger son, he was denied pos session of her who ulone made lifo worth living. It was tho eve of the wedding, which was destined uover to be, that their last and fatal quarrel took place. It is told that Don Alessan oro said to the heir— 44 If 1 canuot have her, then you shall not !' In vain tho lovely Biauca, drawn thither by their loud words, tried to stop them, weoping aud protesting that sbe, tbe uubuppy causo of their discussion, would kill ber.-elf if they did not cease, then and there, their strifo. Her presence only added fuel to the flame. The men fought liko tiger*, and when, at length, Alessandro fell at his brother's feet, the heir, uow quite betiide himself, and with tbe thirst of blood upon him, drew his sword across the neck, severing tho head from tbo body. Only then, as a deep groan fell upon the air, vnd for tho last time the eyes opened and gazed steadily at him, did tho murderer realise, perhaps, bis crimo. With the cunning of a nadmnn, he dragged the headless truuk across the room, and with a suprome effort lifted the ghastly burden and threw it into tbe narrow canal which flowed Bilently beneath tho windows. Ho started back to dispose of the head, too ; but as ho stooped to tako it up, a low inoaii fell upon his ear. Blanca lay as sbe bad fallen upon tbe hearth, aud even as the young Geroluiiiobeut over ber prostrate form, breathed out her lifo in a long-drawn sigh. Tho head, which be had dropped when attracted by Blanca's moan, rolled into tho fireplace aud disappeared. The heir died soon after in a madman's chains, and the childless, brokeu-bearted father followed him quickly to tho grave. The distant hoirs bad gladly disposed of tho palace for a nomiual sum, encumbered as it was by tbe memory of a fearful crime and the bleeding head which hauuted it at intervals. 44 Women make a great doul of troubl?,' said i Francesco, by way of conclusion. 44 Now, if the beautiful Biauca bad not made the mistake of falling in love with the wrong man !' An expressivo gesture finished the senteuco. 44 It is said,' ho remarked, after a pauso, 44 that only when the skull of the murdered man can bo fouud will bis ghost cease to trouble tbo occupants of that room. How tired,' he added naively, 44 tbe head must be, rolling up aud down the chimney ! Almost all hoar it, few see it. Tbo signor painter was one of these.'* Tbo gondola has stopped just opposite San Giorgio Maggiore, where tbe artists were assembled even at tbis early hour, studying tho ever-changing boauty of tbe old church in the soft morning light. My peucil strayed over the canvas ; but instead of tbe outline of the church it was that of a man's head, which, as the day wore on, grew into the likeuessof the one I had seen the previous uight. There is nothing more to say. Tho story of tho haunted chamber is too well known to need further proof from me, while as to my personal experience with it, 1 can add nothing. 1 I bave * related facts as tbey occurred. Sceptics may lnugh at my story, und hint at nightmare and other consequences of a Uto supper ; I know hotter. t-ne tbit g, remember, I did uot hear tbe tale uutil the day following my vinit from the ghost. I have visited Venico many times since then ; but I have never returned to that old palaco on the littlo canal 