[NEW SERIAL STORY.] The Bells of Sydney By J. D. HENNESSEY, Author of "The Dis-Honourable," "Wynnum," "An Australian Bush Truck," etc. CHAPTER VIII.—CONTINUED FROM TUES- DAY'S ISSUE. MAKING my horse walk up and down upon the soft dry sand, I looked around me. Far out at sea a steamer hove in sight, the black smoke of her funnels leaving a trail upon the blue expanse. She was in the sunshine for the dark shadow of the thunder cloud, which already blotted out the sun from the land, and was sweeping out across the sea in a clearly defined line, had not yet reached her. Men, women and children were doubtless on deck watching the approaching storm ; but little did they think of the tragedy which, under the shadow of that cloud, was being enacted here upon the land. I turned my horse again, and he slowly and reluctantly paced back towards the quicksand and De Vere, He wanted to be off home ; wanted to escape the storm ; and he tossed his head and champed his bit, and now and then pawed the sand in his impatience. "Steady, lad,'' I said soothingly, "it won't be long now, less than a quarter of an hour will do it, and then.you shall race home at your topmost speed. He's down now nearly to his chin, and the wash of the rollers already reach your old mate the chestnut, who no longer struggles or groans, for she's dead." I looked around again as I said this, talking as much to myself as to the horse, when I, for the first time, seemed to realise the utter horror of the weird and awful scene that stretched itself around us. It was the long hush that sometimes comes before a storm. All nature seemed spell bound, the wind had dropped to perfect stillness, the rollers of the great Pacific Ocean, so soon to be lashed into seething fury, fell, as though awed into quietness, upon the hard sandy shore, except in the close vicinity of the quicksand, where there appeared to be some under current of disturbance. I saw the dull line of bush trees reaching inland ; the stretch to right and left, of grey white sand ; here and there a stunted bush ; one waiting horseman ; and the head and neck of a living man still visible above the watery, oozing sand. I was suddenly seized with feelings of horror, and was involuntarily turning my horse's head towards the township—it was enough, without my seeing the final tragedy. But as I turned I saw De Vere's hands appear upon the surface of the sand, as though he were pushing it back off his chest, and to my astonish- ment, there, with the breakers close behind him, and death before, he commenced to sing. I have spoken of the awful still- ness. That song broke it like a voice from another world. Every natural sound seemed to cease—twitter of birds, rustle of trees, even the ever sounding sea struck the sands in seeming accompaniment to the sweet, strong, swelling notes of that plaintive melody. It was an Italian song, the air reminded me of the familiar English one, "Alice, Where Art Thou ?" Why he sang I cannot tell, unless it was in the last despair- ing hope that the sound of a human voice might bring him help. How he could sing under such conditions I do not attempt to explain. It was his death song, and as I watched and listened it echoed across the waste of sand, and along the tree-lined shore, in wailing, plaintive, and yet defiant melody. The voice soon grew faint, however, then ceased, stopped by the wash of the sea and the engulfing sand. The spray of a larger wave had broken over the brown hair, that fair fingers had often dallied with, and the proud eyes, glazing with the film of death, for the last time met mine. Then the tempest broke, as though in righteous anger. A great wind swayed the trees, and dashed itself against the sea, which recoiled with the shock, and then rolled back upon the shore in angry, foaming waves. And amid the storm, like a half mad hunting thing, a white-haired old looking man on a brown gelding, reckless alike of lightning, or wind, or rain, or falling timber, galloped back to Bournemouth. CHAPTER IX.—MY OTHER SELF. MY story was soon told, and as briefly as possible ; this they attributed to my condition through having re- ceived such a shock to my nerves through the death of my acquaint- ance. It was a lamentable accident, people said, but there was no help for it. The quicksands on that beach were well known to local residents, and the newspapers said notices should bee erected warning strangers of the danger. My mission north was accom- plished, I had hunted De Vere to his death ; so I returned at once to Sydney to continue my quest for Violet and my child. I carrying out my purpose, I determined to live and work alone. I had read somewhere of a recluse who resided for many years in solitary chambers in Lincolns Inn, London. I determined to do the same, and at last found a placto my taste, here in the heart of Sydney ; it was but a stone's throw from this, and within hearing of the clock tower bells. I spoke to as few people as possible, while engaged in procuring simple furniture, and gave the keeper of the chambers a small pittance to keep them clean and tidy. Installed and settled I recommenced my search, frequenting the public parks and gardens, and principal thorough- fares, always and every where looking for my wife and child. My evenings were spent mostly in the gloomy old chambers. The base- ment must have been built in con- vict days, for there were iron bars upon the windows of the lower apartments ; placed there no doubt to prevent the escape of assigned servants when they were once locked in for the night. I took a pleasure in roaming about the passages after every one else had gone. It amused me. My premature age had embittered my whole being. De Vere was dead ; but his evil work remained, and I hated myself that I was compelled to carry my youthful manhood under a mask, and I hated the world of men and women around me because I appeared to them different to what I was. The reac- tion, too, had left me weak.I regretted De Vere's death ; he might have known some means by which my lost manhood could be restored again. I took my meals at a restaurant, and for days together addressed no word to a living soul. And yet I longed for human com- panionship. I would sit sometimes for hours on a seat in the public gardens. I saw men and women talking with their friends. I sat by the side of them, thus conversing,—I, who had not heard the sound of my own voice for days. It was then that I first became conscious of my crime; I was the murderer of De Vere. I, who could have saved him, saw him die and let him perish. But I would not give way to the thing. I argued with myself, set up a tribunal, and arraigned the dead to attend and answer for himself—and at last one night he came. It was all in miniature, and I was convinced that the whole thing was an hallucination ; but he came, and he argued his case in this fashion : "Events proved too strong for me ; I am dead ; but rather a thousand times would I be dead than such as you are. Unbeautiful and unloved. What makes love, Mark Gunnery? Can you weigh it, measure it, com- mand it to come to you, or when it has come bid it depart ? Love is a part of God, and as mysterious. Whither it cometh, or whence it goeth, or what it is, none can tell. But to have spent one hour with youth and love was worth the living. You married her, but she was always mine, mine by right of love, a right which neither priest nor marriage vows can make, nor break, Mark Gunnery." I got familiar with him in his diminutive form, and let him rant about his love, and sometimes ques- tioned him ; but the hallucination (for it was of course nothing more) would then vanish. But on one occasion, when questioned, he said with a miraculous grin, "you will come back again some day for punishment ; and then the hallucina- tion left me. One night a short time afterwards I found to my astonishment, sitting beside me, my former self ; the chair was not three yards distant. I covered one eye and looked at it, but the figure remained. The shock this gave me was extreme, for I knew by that that this was not an optical illusion. It was my other self. "Old man," said he to me, "we shall live well together, I will assist you to find her, and be company for you in your quest. It is my wife and child you are looking for." "My very blood curdled in my veins. It was my own voice, my own face, and form and gesture. This man which sat thus beside me, and talked so familiarly to me was the Mark Gunnery that married Violet Freeman, the father of Beatrice. I must be going mad. Rising suddenly I threw myself upon the apparition, and encoun- tered warm flesh and blood. "Sit down, old man," said the thing ; "did you not hear me say that I had come to stay. We will look for them together." I drew back in consternation. So this was what De Vere meant when he said, "you shall come back again." It was a coming back again with a vengeance ! " You can leave me here for to- night," said the thing, and then it stepped across to my writing desk and commenced to write a letter to my steward in England, It was my own hand-writing, "I will close the doors," I said, shaking with fear. But instead of doing so I hurried out into the street. I did not know it then ; I would not have believed it, but I had com- menced to live a dual life." " To see ourselves as others see us." AN editorial note seems necessary at this stage of Mark Gunnery's story, for the very manuscript bore evidence of the horror of mind with which the writer had recalled this incident in his history; The writing was here deciphered only with difficulty. It had evidently been penned under great mental agitation. It should be said that however strange and improbable this portion of Mark Gunnery's story may appear, it is plain that he himself believed it true. Moreover, there are incidents connected with it, which suggest the existence of internal evidence as to its accuracy. The manuscript continued as fol- lows: The whole of that first night of horror and amazement I spent in the open air. I dared not go back. I would have done so if it had been De Vere, or any other human being; but I dared not go back to encounter this mysterious fae simile of myself, myself as I ought to have been. I wandered about the streets and the domain, and thought of myself in those chambers. For a long time I feared even to sit down on one of the park seats lest the awful thing should appear by my side ! I saw men sleeping upon the grass and on the benches. With all their poverty, they were happier than I. It was not merely that, I had a double ; but it was myself, my own personality that had been usurped, I thought to myself that some demon had become incarnated in my natural body, and that that in which I dwelt was an aged frame, resurrected from the grave of one of my ancestors. I myself, my soul, the personality, the ego which loved and hated, and thought, and remembered, had been flung out of its natural home by the hand of De Vere, and had taken refuge during that period of my unconsciousness in the aged body of another—I was a living lie. At last wearied out I sat down on a bench by the side of a sleeper ; upon a little bit of unoccupied room at the end. The man moved rest- lessly, lifted his head a moment, and eyed me suspiciously. I apologised for disturbing him ; upon which he blurted out something and betook himself again to slumber. The night seemed interminable, but at last the grey dawn came, and I walked about, for I was cold, and presently returned to the street in which my chambers were located. A light still burnt there, so I opened the street door with my latch-key, and with trembling steps mounted the stairs. I pushed the door gently open — and — saw the thing at the table still writing. I thought "If I had a weapon I would shoot you," but the question arose in my mind was it flesh and blood at all, or was it anything natural? It would be little use to make a bullet hole in a ghost,—the sight of the thing perfectly sickened me. "Come in Vernon," he said turning around. My God ! it was indeed myself, Mark Gunnery—voice, feature, ges- ture ! "Close the door please," he con- tinued, "and sit down, I want to talk to you. You know you are singularly like an ancestor of mine Mr. Vernon. It makes it the more strange that you should be so interested in this search after my unfortunate wife and child." My tongue was dry, and stuck to the roof of my mouth, and it was a minute or so before I could moisten it so us to regain utterance. "Do you know who you are, and where you are, and how you came here. Whether you are human or inhuman, flesh or devil ? In the name of God answer me !" I exclaimed. His lips curled with scorn, just as my own would have done had any one so addressed me. "Old man you have been drinking I fear," was all that he said ; and that was uttered carelessly and dis- dainfully. "Who are you ?" I repeated. "If you do not know, sir, I am Mark Gunnery of Church Consett Hall, England. If you wish to know further, I am in Temple Court Chambers, talking to one John Vernon." He said this with a fine tone of superiority and irony in his voice, as though he still clung to the belief that I was intoxicated. I was simply confounded ! And now commenced one or the strangest experiences which ever fell to the lot of man. Daily and almost hourly I grew to have familiar inter- course with this thing. The some- thing which was inside the body I hated ; but the exterior was my own flesh, my own home, arid I soon began to think and plan as to how I might regain its possession. I en- couraged it to be with me, feared lest any accident might overtake it. It was something belonging to myself in the temporary possession of another, and I at this stage acted accordingly. I called it Gunnery and the thing called me Vernon. I was amazed, however, to find that this thing, the vileness and devilry of whose charac- ter I soon learnt to know so well, was able to impress other people favorably. It had installed itself completely in my position, for not only had it usurped my name and body, but it appropriated the property and funds, both in England and Australia, which were vested in the name of Mark Gunnery. The belief that it was a demon grew upon me, and in malice, hatred, and all uncharitable- ness and falsity, it equalled, if not surpassed other human demons, which, alas ! walk our streets, and move in society, and taint the very air with their blasphemies and obscenity. I got to know my demon well, and I loathed him beyond measure ; but yet kept company with him, because of my interest in the body he possessed. Soon after his first appearance I found that he had taken rooms at one of the best hotels in the city, and was obtaining introductions by the use of my name and money, and was actually getting into society. I was sometimes led to almost question my own identity, for when we are long familiar with the state of things, it becomes difficult to continue to realise their falsity. Just as a man may so often repent a fiction as to believe it true. I was so familiar with the Mark Gunnery who I daily met and conversed with, as almost to believe it to be what it seemed. The illusion was never continued long, however, for I knew the real Mark Gunnery too well not to discern the counterfeit. The moment he commenced to talk of anything beyond the merest com- mon-place, I saw the imposture. It was my own body, face, voice, and gesture. Every little trick natural to me as a man he had; to some extent, too, he possessed a knowledge of my past, but it was partial,and fragmentary. It was the outer circle of facts that he was familiar with, he knew about my property at Church Consett, my investments, the cash in the hands of my bankers, my wife and child, and other things which belonged to matters physical and external; but when the inner circle of knowledge and experience which everyman possesses was touched upon he went off at a tangent. He knew that there I knew too much for him, so he evaded such things, and in doing so at once revealed himself. To be Continued. ========== THE INDISPOSITION Experienced by delicate travellers, disorders of the stomach, loss of appetite and sleep, are all relieved by Wolfe's Schnapps,. 