1YESTRAIM8 GOVERNOR. A CH&T; WITH HIM. tSIE GEEAED SMITH'S ?' , . ?;. ?''''VIEWS,' ??;'???' ON THINGS IN GENERAL ? ''i' ? *? . FLEMJNGTQF IN PARTIOU LiE. 'A PERFECT COTJESE.' AND A' WONDERFUL OITY.' SOMETHING ABOUT WES TRALIA, Opportunity waa taken of tho pve* gence in Melbourne of the Governor of West Australia, to obtain from his Excellency hia impressions of Victoria s big raoing carnival, and also of the Qvteen City generally, aa this is his first visit. Accordingly, ft Herald reporter called \vpon Sir Gerard Smith, at Government Houso, and having pre ferred his request, was most courteously reoeived. ' So far as tho racing is concerned,' said His Excellency, 'it is impossible for me to say how thoroughly I have en joyed it.' 'What impressed mo most,' con tinued Sir Gorard, ' was the porfeot manner in which the arrangements for visitors are rnado at Flemington. It is ft wonderful place. Everything seems so thoughtfully arranged, and thoro is so much liberal and iar-seoing attention paid to patrons. I am told that one payment will admit a visitor to Flemington anywhere ho wishes to go. In England tho patron of a raceconrflo is subjected to all sorts of petty restrictions, and has to pay perhaps half a dowen times to visit certain enolosuros on the course ho may ?wish to enter.' 'What do you think of tho course itaelfP' ' The courso is tho most porfeot ono I have over seen anywhero in the world. Of course, aa it is flat, it does not lend itself to the pic.urosquo, like Epsom or Goodwood, but that disad vantage, if any, is amply compensated for by its splendid natural advantages as a raoocourBO. No one could go to Jlomington and not onjoy hiuisoll'.' ' Then you enjoyod your Cup ox Jperionco, Sir Gerard?' ' Oh, very much ; bnt how is it you hnvo such different samples of climate here P Thursday (Oaks Day) was even more enjoyable to mo than Cup Day, but in the morning thero was n, iust storm, whioh provonted mo sooing moio than a fow yards. Wo don't ex porionco thoso sudden changes in the West. Tho horses I have seen running hero I think aro a fair oluss, but not quite so good as I oxpooted to see, always excepting Nowhavoh, which I regard as the horso of the century. For instance, there aro say a dozen firut-olaaa horaou at tho meeting, bnt, tlwn, you will see largo fields start in tho big ovonts, with a groat number of very indifforent horses running. At all events, if they aro not in reality 'weeds,' their running is rather dianppointiug. I Bhould say that in fields of over twenty there are fivo or six good horses, and tho ronmindor avo 'weeds,' or vory little bettor, on tho running.' Tho Herald man carefully explained jo Hia Exoellency that thero wore dark Mimora to tho oil'eot that somotimes jutsiders, without n ghost of a show, laced tho starter, out of consideration for peoplo who hold them in monster 1 consultations.' ' Oh, is that so P I never hoard that jxplauation givon before. It's a capital Idea j a brilliant .notion — for tho parties who have drawn the horses in iho sweeps. Apart from Nuwhavon, who stands alone, Thunder Queen most took my fanoy. She is a good mare, but I could not exactly understand Priuooss of Wales, who was groatly fancied. Sho did not seem to be ablo to stay.1' 'I wondor' continued His Excel lency, in a oontomplativo mood, 'if wo will ever got the starting gato on Eng lish racocoursesP .1 think thoy once mado an experiment with it at Epsom, hut it must havo boon improperly riggod, for thoy mado a moss of it, and havo nevor tried it since. My objection to it has always boon that I jjid not think it would answer with tho youngstors. But I saw it work tho othor day, in tho Nur -ery Handicap, and it worked to berfeotion, tho two-year-olds standing up to it aa qniot au old horsoa. So I havo altered my opinion, and am con vinced thoro ia no oxouao for not having the gato in Eugland. But tho faot is, English jookoys don't liko a standing )tart, Thoy profor a walking start, or . % flying start, if thoy could got it. ' /Lnother thing badly wanted in England jb nuraborod saddle oloths, and wo must havo it. I was also groatly struck with the splendid accommodation providod for jookoys at Flomington. Thoy havo every convonionco. For instanco, thoy can wugh each othor in their rooms, . so that going out to tho clork of scales is simply ft matter of form. Besides, it teaches thorn to keep themselves tidy, and iuoroaaoa their solf-rospoot. Eng land is very slow in adopting nooded reforms, suoh aa I havo touched upon.' ' But England is so much moro Con servativo than we Viotoriana aro ? ' ' So much more obstinate, would bo the moro oorreot expression,' interjected Sir Gerard. 'But tho changes will conio in timo, I suppose.' 11 And now,' said Sir Gerard, ' I ?want to pump you a littlo. Can you tell mo why your Parliament sits so late?' Our reporter said that thoro wero pro bably two reasons. In the firat place, . It was tho fag end of tho session, and there was a lot of work in nvroar 3 and, Bocondly, some mombovs woro vory fond of making long spooohoH whoro short ouos would do. ' It's one of tho things that I cannot understand j how thoy sit so lato night after night. Too much on tho bill of faro, oh?' « Something like thai' ' Coming to nuothor question, when ?wero all theso magnifkont warehouses built 5 I mean tho tail ouos ? ' ' Chiefly in boom tirao.' «? That rominds mo,' said His Excol lenoy, 'that wo aro having something of a land boom, in a mild -vny, in West Australia. Somo vory big prices are bo ing givon for nllotmouts in Porth, but tho values, although high, are not exor bitant.' ' What do you think about tho pros. Sects of West Australia, as a goldpro uoing colony ?' ' Thoro is no mistake about tho future of the colony, or th&permanonoy; of its mines. It ia posai'ble we nmy undergo a temporary reaction in con aoquenoe of tho manner in whioh the plaoo haB boon boomed of lato ; but solid prosperity is bound to como. There aro tho claims, and we know the width, depth and height of tho gold bearing formation nnd also what porcentago of gold they will yield. Knowing this, any school* boy could calculate tho quantity of gold to be unearthed, and how long it will last. Kalgoorlio cannot possibly bo worked out under twonty or twenty* flvo years. And thoro nro disooveriea constantly boing made in othor localities. Tho gold has come to stay, and don't you bolioyo ttnyono who tolls you othorwiao. _ There aro, of courso, somo ' wild cat' mines, ns you call thorn in tho papers, whioh have been floated without being explored for gold, and in which tho promoters h&vo; no intention of looking for gold, but there aro plonty of good dividend pay ing mines in tho West. Have you been over? ' No,' was the roply. ' Well, you ought to gd I/told the whole story of Wost Australian pros peots at tho Melbourne Club, and 1 can assure you my audience was intensely interested.' Sir Gorard Smith, with Lady and Miss Smith, left for Sydney lnst week, whoro ho will remain a few days, On his return trip to Weatralia His Excelloncyjwill stay a short period at Adelaide. 