NEWS of the WEEK. THE DELINQUENT AFGHAN.—As-elah, the camel proprietor, fieutence.l on Saturday to six months' hard labor, has. it is saiil, £15,000 to his credit in the bank. OUR NEW SCHOOL.—The tender of Messrs. Philp and Royle. the local builders, for the new public school iti this town, has been accepted by the Govcirfment. The building is to be completed within nine months at a cost of £1240 19s 3d. ME. SPEIGHT.—Mr. Richard Speight, ex- Chief Commissioner of the Victorian liailways, is in Coolgardie again, having returned from his trip to Kalgoorlie and district. He did not, as reported, leave by train for Perth a few days ago. He will remain in this town probably for a couple of days, and will then take his way to Menzies with a view to spying out the land in that direction. THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.—The vote for the salaries and expenses in connection with the Legislative Council last year was £2145, and £2167 was expended for the year. This year £2690 is placed on the Estimates. Increases are provided for the President, from £400 to £600: for the Clerk <0 the Council, from £300 to £350 ; and for the clerk's assistaut and Usher of the Black Rod, from £150 to £175. THE STATE AND THE MIDLAND RAIL WAY.—Mr. Lefroy gave notice in the Legislative Assembly last week that be w<.uld move ''That in opinion of this House it de sirable the Government should exercise its rights of foreclosure on the Midland Railway immediately they are in a position to do so : and that holders of the company's debentures be paid such sum as by Parliament may be considered a fair consideration for their interest." OUR POPULATION.—The rush of people to Westvalia continues with unabated vigor. On the 29th and 30th ult. four steamers arrived at Albany, bringing 852 passengers, made up as follows :—R iiue (from the colonies). 75 adults, 15 children, or 90 in all; Rockton (from the colonies), 329 adulis, 43 children, or a total of 372 ; v\ r ollowra (from the colonies), 326 adults, 21 children, total 347; and Orient (from London), 42 adults, 1 child ; total, 42. Grand total. 852. THE SWIMMING BATHS SCHEME.—The extent of the public 'appreciation of the scheme for the establishment oi swimming baths in Coolgardie is demonstrated by the fact that over five thousand of the nine thousand shares offered for public subscription in the Swimming Baths Co., Limited, which Mr A. E. Simpson is promoting, have already been applied for. Steps have been taken to bring the merits of the venture under the notice of Perth investors, and good results are anticipated. The lists will absolutely be closed at the end of this week. ASSISTANT CLERK OP COURTS. — It will be remembered that a short time since wc called particular attention to the crying need of assistance for the local Clerk of Courts, Mr. Von Bibi-a, in the multifarious and heavy duties of his position. We are glad to find that our representations have had I he due effect oil the powers that be. Mr. Von Bibra has received an official communication stating th it Mr. Moriiz Colin has been appointed Assistant Clerk to Magistrates and Assistant Clerk of Court at Coolgardie from yesterday. It should be added that the new officer is no relation to Mr. I. J. K. Oohn, the •well-known local Justice of the Peace. ANOTHER MINING ACCIDENT.—A rather serious accident happened ia the.Tyndal's Extended:mine on the 2nd, when a miner named John Kidd sustained a fractured leg. The accident took place at the 115ft level, and was the result of a fall of earth in a crosscut, about 1 cwt. falling, and catching Kidd in a stooping position, caused the breakage of a small bone near the ankle. The manager. Mr. H. J. Gray, on hearing of the accident, sent a message to Dr. Brownless, who .alter some pielimirary attention to the patient, ordered his removal to the Government Hospital. PreviouslyMr. Gray hod given instructions to the men to use as much timbering in the mine as'was required,, and it is supposed that to some carelessness iu not obeying his directions the accident WAS mainly due. Captain Fowler visited ihe mine and expressed himself as satisfied that all reasonable precautions were taken against accidcnt. THE GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL.—As far as admissions go, Sunday was a clear day at this institution ; but four casSs were taken in on Saturday—Edwin Hewitt, 21 years, who lives in the township ana is a sufferer from a badly swollen leg, became an inmate for treatment. Robert Barr, a miner, single, 26 years of age, WHS brought iu from the Black flag. He has a severe attack of fever Tli". two other patients admitted, John Dunn, 34, married and a native of Scotland, and Charles Gardner, 30, married and a native of New South Wales, are suffering from pneumonia. The former resides in the town, the latter came in from Dunnsville. MONEY ORDER ADJUSTMENTS.—The returns of the Western Australian Money Order Office since the commencement of the influx of population, due to the development of the gold fields, have always shown large balances in the 6ums transmitted to other colonies as compared with the sumB sent to the colony. The approximate amount of the excess as shown by*the figures of the monthly balance of accounts between the Money : Order Offices of Western Australia and those of the other colonies, and including also the the United Kingdom. Last month Western Australia had to send away £65,500 to make approximate adjustments. This amount was uiade up as follows :—United Kingdom. £5000; South Australia, £12,000 ; Victoria, £28,000; New South Wales, £15,000; Queensland, £1500: Tasmania, £3000; New Zealand, £1000. LOCAL POLICE FORCE STRENGTHENED. —An addition of four constables has been made to the force of police at the disposal of the sergeant in charge of the Coolgardie station. 1 his increment of the local constabulary will allow of a more frequent and vigilant patrol of the outskirts of the town : and the residents of Montana on the one side and Toorak on the other will now be able to rest more securely in their beds. THE TUBERCULOSIS QUESTION-.— The Inspector of Stock looked over a consignment of 40 head of cattle on the 4th. He noted some as suspected and ordered them to be killed, at dates of which he was to be notified. It must be said, however, that the cattle were fresh from the trucks and on that account had a tucked up appearance. Three of the animals were killed before he left the vards, and were found to be pcrfectiv clean. A SAVAGE ASSAULT.—Mr. Ha<=eltine. the manager of the Denver City Hotel, had a very unpleasant experience on t e morning of the 3rd while endeavoring to eject two late comers The men demanded a drink, and beine refused became very abusive. Mr. Haseliine put his hand on one of the men, who at once struck at liiin with a bottle <f btcv. Mr. Hnseltinc had just time tn put up his hand to save his head from a dangerous blow, but as it was he received a nasty wound on the hand through the bottle breaking, while the contents of the bottle were spilled over his head. The wound bled profuscly. and Mr. Haseltine was obliged to seek the services of Dr. Brownless to have the hand dressed. In the meantime the men decamped. Mr. Haseltine states (hat he believes that hei will be able to identify his assailant. PRESENTATION TO Gr. GREGORY.—A very pleasant fathering took place on the 2nd at Somraers' hotel, when the members of the Stock Exchange of Coolgardie made a presentation to Cr. Gregory on the eve of his wedding to Mrs. Taylor, matron of the Coolga/die Hospital. Mr. It. B. Pell (Vice- Chairman of the Stock Exchange) preside.!, and in proposing the imminent bridegroom's health referred to liis spotless record, his invariable good fellowship, and his labors on behalf of the town. Mr. Gregory suitably replied, stating that thpre were occasions when even a man with easy speech found himself dumb, but be would never forget the generous opinion expi'essed of him and the, practical form which it took, and he would endeavor to find something which would be a life-long memorial cf the'Stock Exchange of Coolgardie. SHIPMENT OF RAILWAY MATERIAL.— The Commissioner of Railways has received a cablegram from the Agent-General giving particulars of three shipments of railway material for this colony. The s.s. Port Elliott sailed with 53 tons of fishplates for GOlb. rails, 13 tone of fastenings for 581b. rails. 45 tons of poin<8 and crossings for 4olb. rails, 75 tons of points ; nd crossings for 581b.- rails, and six covered goods waggons, 22 ppen goods waggons,. 50 sets high-sided trucks, 139 pans of wheels and axles, and three locomotives, (Jlass O. The cablegram also states that • the barque Glencairn sailed for Bunbury on July 31, with 2,300 tons of steel rails, with fishplates, bolts, nuts, and spikes, and the barque Hospodar, for Fiemantle, on August 21, with 2,250 tons of 581K rails, with fishplates, bolts, niits, and spikes, and 80 tons of points ami crossings for these rails. ADMISSIONS TO THE HOSPITAL.—Besides Frederick Wright, the attempted suicide, whose case is reported elsewhere in this issue, there were five admissions to the Government Hospital on the 1st. James Wm. Nicholls, aged 30, who was out working with the telegraph gang which has been duplicating the line to the 25-Mile, was brought in suffering from acute rheumatism, presumably the result of exposure to the chill night winds prevailing just now. Hamilton Mott, the well-known job printer in Bayley-street, was admitted suffering from a bad attack of inflammation of the lungs, together with bronchitis. Charles Bailey, an elderly man from the Bardoc district, severely afflicted with pneumonia, was taken in as a bad ease. Charles Walters, who has been in the wards before, was re-admitted on account of a bad leg. And an old man named Diamond, suffering from u local affection, completed the tale. There are now some eighty patients in the institution; but few of the cases are reckone I to be serious. BENEFIT TO ALP. MARTIN. — If anyone ever deserved a bumper benefit he is surely Alf. Martin, who duringa long stay in this town has always been the Srst to offer his services both in promoting and carrying out o a successful issue entertainments of this nature. It is, therefore, a pleasure tn record that when it has become his turn (o bid goodbye to the locil community, that thj latter rolled up in great form to se'j ami hear the last of an old favorite who has always been ready to lend his ever welcome assistance to any charitable or friendly cause. The Theatre Royal was crowded to its uimost limits on the 2nd with the friends of this most competent exponent of the art of sinking a comic song; and his own appearance in several of bis most popular specialties was greeted, with prolonged and vociferous and heart-meant applause The programme was well arranged by the gentlemen who undertook its preparation, and it is very satisfactory to report that ' not e. single one of those who promised to assist failed to put in an appearance. The benefit was, in this respect, quite a record for Coolgardie ; and there is no doubt that if there were a point to be strained it would be willingly stretched to the breaking point for Alf. Martin. The exigencies of space will, unfortunately, not permit if a detailed description of the performance. It must suffice to say that a most excellent entertainment was most excellently carried out by the pvck of the local musical and dramatic talent. MENZIES LAND SALE. — Iu another column Messrs. Howarth & Co., of Menzies, annouuee an auction sale of eight splendidly situated lots in that rising town. THE MASONIC BALL.—At the request of a number of prominent Freemasons it has been decided to postpone the Masonic Ball till 18th September, and extend the time for receiving applications for tickets till the 11th. This decision has been come to owing to the date first chosen clashing with one of the festivities in connection with the opening of the railway to Kalgoorlie. An advertisement to this effect appears in another column. THE HOSPITAL.—A young man aged 20, named Robert Walker, died at the hospital on the 4 th inst. of fever. He was admitted on August. 20. having been brought in from Bonnievale. His parents reside at Ycnnar, Gippslan;l, Victoria. A man aged 50, mined Charles Baker, who was admitted two days previously, d'ed on l'ic5thof pneumonia. He too was a native of Victoria. COBB & Co.'s COACHES.— Messrs. Cobb & Co. w 11 be running their coachis daily to Menzies next week. The day on which they s art the uuw Service is not yet fixed. The coaches will go on from Menzies to Niagara three times a week, from Niagara to Yei illa once a week, from Niagara to Lake Darlot once u fortnight, and daily from Kahoorlic to Kanowna. Coach s liave bsi-n i unning since the first of August twice a vcek li Esperance via Widgeemooltha and Norseman SAVINGS' BANK UI.TURXS.—The returns of the Post-office Savings' Bank for the month of August were: licccipts. £74,074 5s ; witlidr-awaK £:i6,10l 2s 5d: balance at the crcdit of deoo-itors. £526,769 1 2s 101. The returns for the corresponding month of 1895 were: Deposits, £23,551 3s; withdrawals. £17,443 4s 2d ; and balancc at the credit of depositors, £233,857 I8s 3d. Since the is-uc of the previous returns the balance at the crcdit of depositors has inmssert to the amount stated above from £477,332 6s lOd. THE CAMEL QUARANTINE—Since flic twenty-one camels which were the occision of the Inspector's visit to Broad Arrow camp, and wore quarantined in this district, two other lots have been sent a'ong here from the station at the coast. A hundred and forty camels have to come up altogether. This will immensely relieve the costal quarantine ground, where the beasts have been in a state of semi-starvation, feeding on the stumps of blackboys. At the station here, about 16.000 acres in extent, both feed anil water are, at present, abundant. . A DANGEROUS SPOT.—Whoever is responsible for the temporary structure which is used as a. bridg" over the railway at the south end of Ford-street, should at once see that the approaches both from Wooaward-street and the other side are properly fenced on both hands. The unprotected condition of these raised approaches is a source of ureat danger to the vehicular traffic over the bridge, which is not inconsiderable. A horse slipping in passing over or shying at a train going by would almost certainly cause a serious. accident at this 8pOt. FIRE BRIGADE BANQUET.—The Kire Brigade formed a torchlight procession on the 2nd inst., and marched to the Theatre Royal to attend the benefit to Mr. Alf. Martin. After the performance was over Cr. Levinson extended an invitation to them and to the performers, as well as some other friends, to attend a bmquet at the Caf<i de Paris. The affair was got up at very brief notice, and in a style that did credit both to the host and to the caterer. Cr. Levinson undoubtedly understands the art of entertaining. An agreeable night was speut with songs and speeches, and the festivity was' kept up till the 6mall hours of the morning. THE TREATMENT OF CAMELS. — Mr Keene, »he Inspector of Stock, has had much trouble in combating with the traditional notions of the Afghans as to the manner in which their camels ought to be treated when out of health. No matter what the ailment may be, real oi imaginary, (heir one recipe is to fire the animal's flesh with red-hot irons, or to scald it withboilinetaror boiling oil. Occasionally, the poor brutes are fired all over the head and shoulders, for the purpose of keeping ghosts away. Europeans who go into the trade fall into the error occasionally of following too much the ndvice of their Afehan employees, to the great detriment of their stock. An attack of mange which, with modern and rational methods o£ treatment, would be nothing reriouF, is now and then so aggravated that the beast loses condition, pines away and becomes worthless. The camel has much to be thaukful for in finding itself subjected to European inspection. AN ART UNION.—There are at present on view iu Messrs. John Hunter and Co.'s window a dozen pictures, by Miss Marion Goode, a-> Australian artist of merit and promise, which it is intended to dispose of on the art uuion principle. The central picture, eutitled " An Accident," representing a basket of fruit, tilted over on its side, is a still life study of a very high order. It was hung on the line at the Melbourne Exhibition. Among the prizes of the art union it ranks as No. 1. Its value is placed at £30. The lady has a fine perception of color and a free, oold style of treatment. Fruit and flowers are her specialty. Among the pictures, however, are one or two landscapes, and one of them, a Victorian sunset, brings out very effectively the peculiar charm of Australian scenery. The pictures altogether are well worthy of a visit of inspection, even on the part of those who are not prepared to speculate. Six hundred 5s tickets are to be issued, the total value of the 12 pictures, which form the prizes, being £150. 