CURSED BX FORTUNE By a MANVILUE FENN. AOTBon or 'Black blood,' 'Tbe Kiko op.tdi OiSTLt,' ' A WOKR LI LT,' ' «. BEOBET QUEST,' 'Tnii Wuite Vinai-,' btc. CHAPrBB XXIX, Kate -Wilton looked at the woman In horror. ' Yes, ma'am,' Sarah continued, ' there It was, and when 1 opened the door 1 could only get It a little way, ior something was just inside, and as I stood then trembling there came out a nasty wet smell of gun powder, just as if water bad been upset on the hob. ' 1 didn't want any telling, ma'am ; I knew, and poor Becky knew, that master had shot himself with something and was lvln? there. ' I waited for just about a minute, ma'am, for my senses seemed to be quite (tone, and I was as bad as poor Becky ; but I got to be a little sensible soon, and began to feel that I must do something. I called to Bcoky to come and help me, but it was no use ; the was just as if she was stunned, and could only stare at me, shivering all the while. Bo 1 felt thai I must do what there was to do nijself, and 1 went back to the door and puibed and puBhed till I could jolt sqneeEO myself through the narrow slit 1 made ; and then I dnrseo't look lound, but stood with my back toil for ever so long before 1 could feel that be might be alive, and that I ought to go for the doctor. ' 1 looked round then, feeling as 1 turned that I should be obliged to Bhrick out, but I didn't. Poor maBtir, he was lying on his Bide, with his hand under hlB head, just quiet and calm, as if be had only gone to sleep. It made me wonder what J had been frightened at, and I went down on one knee and took the band which -was by his side, touching a pistol.' 'Yes I' said Kate, breathlessly, for the woman paused. ' Tes, ma'am, it was quite cold. He must have shot himself early in the night, and I knew it was no good to go to fetch a doctor then. Leastwise I think that's wbBt ] felt. for 1 didn't go, but crept out very softly and shut the door ; and then I took bold of poor Becky's arm and led her down to the kitchen, where she went off into a dead faint, aod come to, and fainted over again — fit after fit, w that I was buoy for boun and didn't know how time went, till all at onoe there was n double knock at the door, which 1 knew was Mr Garslang come. 1 went up and let him in, and he looked at me bo Btrangc* '? What is it!' he said, ' your master?' 11 ' Yes, sir,' I sivb, ' and I was to Bhow you in as soon as yon come.'' 'Be noddedr-and went np at once, neither of us Baying another word. Then he went in through the door gently, and came out again, looking horribly shocked. 11 ' When did you find him (' he aays ; and I told him, ' Poor fellow I' he lays, ' I am not surprised. Sarah Plant, you must go and tell the police ;' and I did, and there Wats an itqaefit, and at last the poor old master was to'be buried, with only Mr Gar- Btang to follow him, for he had no relations or friends. ?? I aat in my bit of nco black, and Becky jest oppovlte me, waiting while they'd gone to the Cemetery, for no one asked me to go, and I sat there looking at Becky, who began 'crying as ehe heard them carrying the coffin downstain and never (topped all that time. And I thought to myself, 'We two will have to go out Into the world, and nobody vou't take ns with poor Becky like that ; and my heart was so full, miss— ma'am, that I began to cry too ; but I'm afraid it was for myself, not for poor master. Laat of all, the car riage oame back, and I let Mr Garfltang in, looking terribly cut up. ' ' Torino nip a littln ton. f)nr-h ' Iir b«tb and 1 went and got it, and bad a cup, too, wanting it as I -lid badly, and by- and-bye he rung for me to fetch the tray. ? ? 1 got to the door with it when he calls me back. '- ' Sarah,' he BayB, - vour poor master baB no relations left, and by the papers I hold evtrvthitg cornea to me.' ' ' Vise, «tr ; so I s'posed,' I aays U- him, ' and yon -want m^ and Becky to go at onoe.' 'He looked at me with that nice soft smile of his. and he Bays, ' Why should you tbiDk that 1 No,' he Bays, ' I want cvery thiDg to stay juBt as it is; I won't have a thing moved, and 1 should be very glad if you and Becky would stay and 'keep the bouse for me.' crying biuerly ; bnt I knew him, what a good man he waB, and that me and Becky bad f onnd a friend . Seven years ago, ma'am, be came, which wasn't often. He only told me not to goeaip about tbe place, and 1 aaid I wouldn't, and never did till I talked to, you, ma'am, and aB for poor Becky abe never spoke to no oce. Perbaps, ma'am, you'd '? t-'ee tbe marks ?' stammered Kate. 11 YeB, ma'am, where old master ' lay* x uu ve never oeeu in lue nine no rr, ont II you like I'll show you now. There's only a little rogto move, and there it i-, quite plain.' ' No, no, I do not wish to see,' aaid Kate, shuddering. ' So there ha- been a terrible tragedy here I' ' Yes, nata, and that's what makes the place so dull and Btill. I often fancy I can aee poor oM master gliding about the stall case and passages ; but it's all fancy, ol ' Ali fancy, of course,' Baid Kate eoftly. ' But it is very terrible ior Bnch a thing to have happened here.' 'Yes, ma'am, that's what 1 often think ; and there's been UmeB when I'm low spirited ; and you .know tbtre are UmeB when one does gft like that. Beck] 's enough to make anyone dumpy, at the beet of times, 'specially towards night, when ebe'a Bitting there with her face tied up and her eyes staring and looking toward the door, as If she fancied she was going to Bee master come in ; for she will believe in ghosts, and its no use to try to Btop her. Ah, she's a great trial, ma'am.' ' Poor girl 1' said Kate. ' Tnankye, ma'am. It's very good of you to say so,' slgbed the woman ; ' and it is nice to have a lady here to talk to. It's quite altered the place. There have been times, and many of ibem, when I've felt that I must take poor Becky away and get another Bitaation. bnt ir. wnnM ha nnonhA. f ul to new master, who'e a dear good man, and nevertra unkind word since- with him I've been. It isn't everyone who'd keep a servant with a girl like Becky abont the house. ' But he never BeemB to mind, being a busy man, and I B'pose he niust sec that the only way In which Bicky's happy is in dranicg and polishicg things. 1 believe if she woke up in the middle of the night and remembered that ebe hadn't dusted something she'd want to get np and do it ; and she would, too, if slie dared. But go about the house in the middle of the night without me, ma'am 1 No ; wild home wouldn't drag her.' 'Sarah Plant ceased speaking, for she suddenly woke to the fact that Kate waB gazing at the fire, with her thoughts evi dently far away ; and the woman Btole softly from the room. But as the door clicked faintly Kate started and looked after her, half disposed to call her back, tor the narra tive she had heard made her position seem tCTrinly lonely. Bbe restrained herself, though, and sat trying to think and turn the current of her thoughts, telling herself that ehe had no cause for anxiety save on Eliza's account. For Garstang could not have been more fatherly and considerate to her. His words, too, wore wise and right, To let her uncle that would be stormy and violent ; and ehe determined at last to let herself be guided entirely by her self -constituted guardian. ' Yes, ehe Ib right. He Is aU that is kind and fatherly in his way, and I, too, shonld be ungrateful if I murmured against my position. It will not be for long. In less than two years 1 shall be of age, and fully She paused to think, for a doubt arose. Would she be her own mistreiB ! 8 he had heard her father's will read, but it was at a tune ithen she was distracted with grief, and save that Bhe grasped that she was heireBB to a large fortune, which was to remain invested in her fatber'i old back, she knew comparativbry nothing as to the control her uncle possessed. Yes : ehe re called that be wsb aole executor and guar dian until she married. (To be Continued Next Satobdav.) 