. w " No man hath aaoeaued into Heaven, jmc ao wav descended "put isf heaven, even the 8011. of Man, which is In heaven."—3t. JotaUill. 18. • , v 1 n t£bc festival of the Ascension is ihe festival: of awakened hope, kindled aspiration, re-: newed entiotiragGnieilt. It is the annual 00m- • roemoration of the final passing frotn mortal vision ot Him who camo to lift the human raoo out of its degradation by revealing, first, the character of man's eternal Father; and, secondly, the lost secret of man's own dignity and Divine Origin. When' the Christ spoke these •words referring to His Ascension He suggested a threefold proposition which illu minates the whole aim and scope of human life. _ He defined tho doctrine of the Incarna tion in a single authoritative statement. He implied the greatness, tho nobility of man, ana Ho indicated the attitude in which the responsibilities and duties of dally life should be encountered. Obvionsly Ho spoke first of Himself as the Itovealer of God. Using necessarily the, human standard of time suc cession He carries back the imagination to the dateless past, when the worlds which now are "lay in God's bosom like children," and there bids us sec the Divine Word, or Reason of the Father, eternally in being with the Father, in like manner as the unspoken thought of man's brain is in being before it is uttered in spoken language. In the fulfilment of the eternal pur pose this " Word of the Father," which in creation had buried itself in the phenomena of the natural world, and out of which all forms of existence had been constantly emerging, was specifically uttered in integrity and complete ness in a single personality. It descends, that is, assumes the time vesture of a body born of a woman. In that body, and under tho name of .Jesus of Nazareth, the Eternal Word lives and labours, sharing the trials and hopes and fears of tho millions of the human race, learn ing the human lesson of obedience by the things that He endured, and complete conformity to the high and perfect will of the Universal In telligence by victory over all in the finite human will that contradicted it. Ho then dies a human death, and reanimates, and demon strates tho continuity of personal existence by showing Himself alive during forty days, after which, with words of blessing on His lips, Ho gradually fades from sight, and ascends to where He was before. But during the whole continuance of this earthly experi ence the Incarnate Word was abiding cease lessly, consciously, with theindwelling Father. He nad desoended, but He was in Heaven. The surface of His life was tried and tempest- , tossed ; contempt, repudiation, suffering pur sued His footsteps, but deep within Him, in that mystic inmost where Eternal Spirit dwells, Ho "had meat to eat that others knew not of." He could focus Himself upon that inmost, and commune with the Father and be still. He was alone, and yet not alone, for the Father was with Him. And when He hod finished the work which the Father gave Him to do, when He had unveiled the eternal pur pose and moral character of the Creator Spirit, when He had planted the seed truths which were destined to evolve the principles which should slowly change the life-current of the world, having raised all standards and lifted all ideals, He gathers up the imaginations, sympathies, and aspirations of men unto Him self, and passes with them once more into the invisible yyorld. the kingdom of the heavens, the centre of all life, the bosom of the Father, not to become inaccessible, but to be nearer to the brethren of the race to the end of the age. THE ATONEMENT. There is a blessing beyond words in a clear apprehension of this manifestation ending with the Ascension. _ It sets the mind at liberty from every traditional misapprehension as to the nature and purpose of the Creator of the universe. W lien our hearts are paralysed by the sense of impotence and failure, when we are pathetically yearning for a conception of the Eternal which shall be a blessing to us ! and not a curse, for a God who will give us help and sympathy rather than remediless dam nation, we are not beaten back by the awful ness, the vagueness, of some form lass omni- J potence which is only conceivable as a thought-evolving autoinaton; but we are able to rest upon a Being who is sweetly human whilst wholly Divine, who has ostensibly interwoven His children's life with His own, and whose boundless resources of love will never be exhausted till every child is drawn into union with the whole family of God. Thus to know Jesus as God manifested, and to recognise and adore the Father in Jesus, is the Atonement, the at-one-ment, the reconcil ation of earth with heaven; it is to be conscious of a now faculty of trust and insight imparted to human thought and feeling; it is to respond to the influence of a magnet capable of lifting our poor earth-born lives abovo the littlenesses, meannesses, and disappointments which fret and hinder us here below; it is tranquilly to leave the responsibility for the infinite com plexity of human affairs with the world's perfect all-Father, whom, in Jesus, we now understand. But this saying of the Christ is obviously narrowed if it is unphilo30phically limited to Himself; we shall never estimate Jesus aright until we regard Him as manifesting God's ideal of humanity as a whole. As the one perfect representative of the race, the only truly born Son (for the Greek word " Mono genes" means literally "only born" rather than " only begotten") to whose image we are all "predestined to be conformed," the Christ claims for Himself no privilege, no possibility of attainment, no relationship to God that He docs not equally claim for the entire race. In speaking of His ascension He pointedly emphasizes His complete identifica tion with the human race in His words "I ascend to My Father and your Father, to my j God and your God." _ He taught men to lift j up their hearts and voices to the Eternal with the cry " Our Father." He inspired the apostle who was most receptive of His teaching to write " Beloved, now are wo the sons of Godwith His own lips He hade us consider earthly fatherhood as a shadow of the Divine, and "call no man on earth our Father." When, therefore, He says, "No man hath ascended into heaven hut He that descended out of heaven," He is unfolding the j purpose of the Eternal Father for each indi- j vidual of the race, and Condensing into a ' single sentence the hidden life - history of every separate human being. It was with this teaching that He initiated the enquiring Nicodemus into the secret of the kingdom of heaven. It is as though He had said, "Natural excellence is not news- * aarily newness of life; that which is born of j the flesh is flesh, that which is horn of the I Spirit is spirit, and there is a spirit in man which has come from God, descended from heaven; this mus be horn into conscious life f by the vivifying touch of the Holy Ghost, and i turned God wards by divine grace, before a man is truly alive. ' Except you,' the natural man, be thus'horn from above,' horn out of the natural into the spiritual, ' you cannot see the kingdom of God,' for nothing that is not of the heavenly can enter the heavens." No man will ascend ir^to the heavens unless he has discovered that he has that in him which catnefrom heaveiqaftd: which,fcefcto' io was awakened ho knewitoGfc, bad always been -bidden in God* -: NioademHS ■ stumbled over ;teis saying.asmatorialists and narrow reUgioniste stumble dver ifc now, though the phraseshouidhav's .been familiar to him, inasmuch as the reception, of a proselyto amongattheJews was termed a new birth into the family Of Abraham; his own religion, and the suggestion, of his deepest self might have taught'him that the Christ was speaking of an involved power, an inborn inspiration which when, awakened would evolve A new • nature 'with power to overcome the world. This, then, is the deepest, the most comprehensive thought suggested., hythe ascending Christ. "As He is, so are we in this world." _We, too, are in the infant school of preparation for ascension to the Father when by the evolution of the divino within us we have "overcome the world." it was a noble saving of Marcus Aurolius, " Man's soul is a god in exile.Like Plato he could only account for the aspirations and in stincts and presentiments and strivingB within him on the hypothesis that tliey were linger ing memories of a long-forgotten Divine origin, movements of an inspiration which, like tbo inbreathing of the wind into the organ, awaited the knowledge and recognition of the trained mind and hand upon the keys to olioit tho harmony; and wo, confronted with tho full Christian revelation, should recognise solemnly, soriou6ly, if tremblingly, the dignity and responsibility of our position. THE ASCENDING' DIKE. "Forth from tho Father" have we come, "into the world;" forth from spirit into matter, having that within us which, though we have descended, is in Heaven, for it is in God. Now steeped, enveloped, incarnate, imprisoned in matter, in the shell of the animal organism, but fully equipped to meet the responsibilities of sonsnip, clothed in the whole armour of God, commissioned to conquer tho lower propensi ties by the evolution of the higher, bringing forth outwardly the fruits of daily righteous ness, as the life of God planted in the soul is cultivated inwardly, till, having been mado perfect through suffering—having at-oncd tho finite human will to the perfect will of God— we, too, shall return to tho Father, leaving as a legacy to others the blessed assurance, " Eo of. good cheer; I have overcome the world." Jioautmmy has it been expressed by 0110 spiritually minded thinker in the words— Upon God's throne there is a seat forme. My coming forth from Him hath left a space Which none but I can fill. One sacred p!a'o Is vacant till I come. Father, from Tlioo When I descended, here to run my race, A void was left in Thy paternal heart Not to be filled while we are kept apart • Yea, though a thousand words demand Thy care, Though heaven's vast hosts Thy changeless bles sings own, Thy quick love flies to meet my slow-winged prayer, As if amid Thy worlds I lived alone. It is not, I think, difficult to see how as this profound truth begins to shine into the soul it suggests the attitude in which life's trials and duties should be faced. To know that we aro not creatures of a moment, not products of chance, but each one an epitome of the univer sal life; to know that the coming into tho world, the life in the world, and tho ascension out of the world of the pattern Son is a God given prophecy in act of the lifo progress and future victory and restoration of every son, ought to rebuke despondency, to transfigure conduct, to bind us to the invisible. Tho saddest epitaph conceivable is that upon the tombstone of a well-known materialist in a London cemeterv—" I was not; I became; I did a little; again I was not." A man who interprets rightly the mystery of himself, who recognises the significance of the perfectly rounded model life of tho Elder Brother of tho race, who sees that this is the All-Father's ideal and purpose for himself, if he wrote bis own epitaph, would say, " I was" in being in the mother-heart of God, "I became" into human life, whore I was trained into a moral being by resistance, and when human carth S experience was over, again "Iwas" with | God. And the life of such an one must be an [ ascending life, its motto must bo sorstw tarda, lift up your hearts; the whole beautiful world of Nature, of which we are a part, is ever chanting the anthem of the Asocnsion; the whole mystery of natural growth, the bril liant greer of the early leaves on the London trees, more glorious by contrast with tho j smokc-darkoned stems, is a picture of life I rising from the earth and overcoming tho | world; every fragrant flower which in its seed-bursting stage has removed its mountains, _ turning _ its hindrances into helps, as it waves in the summer air, preaches to man and says, "Be of good cheer; I havo overcome the earth; the seed-secret in me is the God-secret in you; let tho God-lifo out and grow, and you, too, shall overcome the world." That minute mystery of song, that feathered Alleluia, tho skylark, rising always direct from the earth, never from a branch, proclaims with her swelling throat the ascension lesson j she over comes the earth, defies and conquers the attraction of gravitation, till the little dot in the blue sky is invisible, and only the rich trill [ of her mysterious song, chanting God's Ex i celsior, tells where she is, "I have overcome the earth," she sings to man. "Unregulated desire is to you what gravitation is to me ; the Christlife in you is what wings are to me. Arise and overcome." And all such teaching by suggestion and analogy culminates in tho declaration of the world's ConquorOT, the Elder Brother of humanity, who, when humiliation and death havo done their worst, and havo only availed to perfect His moral beautv, speaks the message of triumph and encouragement, "Be of good cheer; I havo overcome the world." The Christian life must then be an ascending, upward-looking life, a life penetrated with the conviction that "our citizenship is in heaven;" even if attainment is poor, ideal should be high. I'ROG UESSTV E ASCENSION. The Ascension of Christ was a permanent attitude rather than an isolated act. Ifo began to ascend from the moment that lie descended. Every day of life from the cradle to the grave was progressive ascension. Every day waa "a corning forth from the Father and coming into the work]." Our lives can be moulded upon the same lines without altering a single necessary duty. The ascending principle^ the divine life, the kingdom of heaven is within us. Each ono who deliberately wills to lift up his heart can thus daily "go forth from the Father and go into the world," the world of the household, the school, tbo office, the domestic duty, and. at any moment by ft doliberate uplifting of his inmost can "leave the world and go to the Father." Finally, the application of the thought of the ascending life to the special claim made upon this congregation to-day is obvious and emphatic. Humanity is not an aggregate of separate entities, but an organic whole. There is one body and ono spirit. Personal salva tion is doubtless a great matter, hut it is also capable of great distortion. A life, professing to be a Christian life, knowing nothing of dis interested compassion for tho tempted suffering brethren of the race, may he an intellectual gratification or a detestable errotisrn. but it is not an ascending life. When you consider the suffering mass of human wretchedness and sin, when yon know that the Fatberus remedy for human depravity is i&c; self-sacrificing activity of human hands andhoarts, when you know that this activity is hindered for lack of liberal support, sayf< who is the better because you _ are a Christian? What are you doing in this huge human antheap called London to wipe tours from faoos, to remove stumbling-blocks from lives, to lengthen the Church's arm, to smooth the way of those less prosperous than your selves? Is your only answer to the wail of the raoe a grudged shilling in the plate? Then you may be trusted to draw the obvious con clusion yourself, for "pure religion and undc filed before God and the Father is to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction." Vast numbers without question cannot per sonally "visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction." Their line of duty is else where, and the claims of modern life require their attention in other directions: bdt the responsibility remains, and what the indivi dual cannot do he inust empower others to do in his name. The army" of the King whom i we servo is not raisod by voluntary enlistment j but by conscription, with tho privilege of purchasing a substitute to go down to the battle. To do neither is to be a deserter. 