ft fluu i -aj aaajiuin f Dnblin grwiyatd. nearly all outride tha rtvallft— that Ut auppoeiay the walla to exisb which once made Dnblin a fortified town. that tliey arenot ohorohyardr, bttt rimp ring . of those almost forgottten grajnrds aurroundiiig Dnblin at every point— grneaome !mdtMas in the case of of the gravestones under the tog waving grey. American prairies. But thia does not take place until man has consented to give back the grave yard to Nature ; and this is what he is loth to do in Ireland. He dings to bin own right, and bis children's, to be buried with his father's as strenuously ae he oling« to his patch of limd where he lives. Why, the attempts of the Royal Dublin, Once the Liberty Boys marched out to attack the Royal Hospital and were met with closing of the gates and Irnoty arming of the veterans who had fought at Idinden, Detti- geu and tbo Heights of Abraham. Tho mob was repulsed with some slaughter by tho old soldiers, but the attempt to enclose the historic graveyard «ros given up. The place was finally closed as a burial-ground after the cholera of 1832 had congested it past its utmost limits. They buried five hundred there in ten days. The same year saw the burial there of Dan Donnelly tbo famous pugilist who hud in in ternational combat benten tho Englishman, Cooper, in that indentation of the Currigh of Kildare known since as Donnelly's Hollow. Nothing would plcao his adoring countrymon but to. bury tboir champion in what is known as 14 Brian Bern's grave." And thero under the anoient Cross of 6t. Marguend the prize fighter's dust rainglea with the Royal dust of the victor of Ciontsrf. Old poople in Ireland wilt tell you 6till of Donnellv's triumphant entry into Dublin after the prizc-Ught. He was carried on men's shoulders in thQ midst of a roaring sea of meu, '.while bis old mother walked at tho head of the procession, crying with exultant pride as she brat her bosom, 41 There's the breast that auotccd him ! There's the breaat that sucked him !" A couple of miles or so from Bully's Aore, ou the high road leading to ICildare, is Blue Bell graveyard, which used to be tjie sceno of many bodysnatchiug exploits. It too, is olosed as a place of burial, though still, bunals take place there by stealth. It is hidden by a high wall with a big gate at one end, and a lonely lano lends tn it from the road. Such places, iu their loneliuo6sund)8olntiou,wore the body-snatchers opportunity. I know one who when his locks woro lint-white was an innocent accomplice in the body- snatching. I give the recital in his own words " There was a man named Jemmy Byrne, in my gruudfnthcr's employ, used to drive a milk- cart to Dublin by the Nuns-road every morning I was a rosy-obeeked little obnp at the time not above eight years of oge. Ono morning I was in the cart with Jommy, and it was the grey of the morning. Whou wc csrae oigh Blue Bell Jemmy pulled up in tho shadow of the wnll and gave a low whistle. Thoro was another whistlo nut of the dark, and then two fino, able-bodied young fellows lifted a sack into tbo cart. The ininuto we had it Jemmy drove off like blazes, Sit down on (he sack/ said Jommy to me (an' moko yoursell comfortable an' if we're stopped jusfc keep your Mat and look qniot an' aisy an' i'U buy you a Qnelntnp of gingerbread.' We weren't stopped that morning : I've no doubt Jemmy couldn't have bud a better disguise titan my innocent face. 'Twas long afterwards, when ( was nearly a man growu that I knew what we picked up in the sack and dropped at St-eeveu'e Hospital. They used to give Jemmy one-and- six or two shillings for fetching iu the body among tbe milk-cans. Jommy was the devil for roguery of all Borts ; but I wouldn't havo taken the risk, not I." The risk was no light thing. The relatives of Ihe dead uaed to watoh the graves, and woo to the body-snatoher who was caught red-handed ! Young Dr. Abraham Colics of Merrioii -square was either shot dead in a body-nnatchiag melee, or died of the wounds. It was stSaggard churchyard, further into the country than Bluo Bell and in a wild mntmtaiuouA district. He und somo others wore lifting tbe body of a girl who had died of consumption when they w<iro surprised by tbe watchers. The man who tired that fatal shot was a near relative of the dead girl. No one betrayed him, though every one knew ; I suppose they thought it was a just rulributioii. The inou died tho other day at a ripe age. I had seen him many a time, ruddy- chrekod, blue-eyed, bis red beard beginning to grizzle. To judge by bis looks.Dr. Uolles's death bad not lsin heavily on bis heart or oonsctance. Sir Dominio Corriguu used to uo how he took part in body-snutcbing expeditions and of haw ho had to run for his life from Bully's Acre, with au infuriated crowd at bis heels. A frieuil of mine became very iunocently iuvolvcd tn as disagreeable an adventure. He is au enthu Jastio antiquarian, and being on a visit with a riendv a country doctor, he suggested oue even- jig that thoy might see the old abboy by moon light. Tho ahbujr is on a headland jutting into tho bay. They reached the pines before tho moon was up ond having left tbe town behind, found the countiy enveloped in the pitchy blaokucsa before moon-rising. Tiioy bad taken vho precaution to bring a lantern howevor and this thoy proceeded to light when thoy had turned into tho long, lonely lane, which is so : culy a road of sorrow. Arrived at the abbey, they amused themselves whilo waiting for iipuu-riBiug, by deciphering with the aid " hu — — iuM»i|iuuutt on uiii oicr tombs. A wot fog was blowing in from the soa by this time, ond thoy began to oonsider tho advisability of getting baok to their worm flro» sido. Suddenly thore was a faiut rustling movoment through the long gross about tho graves. 11 Ghosts !" sail my friend. 41 Worsu," said the other man in a fierce whisper. ' Tho watchers ! Out with the lanteru, and make a dash for your life 1" The lantern was blown out und flung down with a clatter on a hidden grave- . stone., That minute there socmod to bo a rush from oveiy side. 41 God grant now the moon dooin'tTlBe f" prayed the unhappy antiquarian. He eluded half-a-dozen grips as he made bis ilafih for life. At every atap he fell over old headatouea, or stumbled upon graves. All around him he board men oursiug below their breaths as they too groped and felt in the blackness. He was some time heforo he found an exit from the gruveyard, for though the noon rose the fog was a tbiok white vapour. Once his presence of uiind saved him. He wae suddenly onught and hold in the mist. 14 Damn it man,"hii said in & husky whisper, 11 don't throttle a friend !" 'JChe-haud relaxed from his throat and a few minutes later he was pelting across Holds as hard as he could go iu the direc tion of Ihe town. His friond hud reached home bofore him, and was considering whether friend ship obliged him to call in tho police. 14 1 know if they had you it was murder," he said, 14 bat on tho other hand, .if they knew it was I was in your company, my.bou&o; would bo wrecked and mysolf'driven outrm tbe world. Oh, tho devil- tako you and your -antiquities:!1' " Easy," said thO'utbjMv-cwas .youraolf should havo'known tUe.foliy. ofathe'tGing. And- ourcly you couhl luwclfAred-vouwolfto your own townsmen !" The waters of the ocean wouldn't wash the t" said the doctor, ' and anyhow, they'd give me no trial. 'Twould be a ease of hanging first and trying me afterwards. Bnt all's well that cud. suatehing, but they'll put it down to the lads more or less to the aooount of those luckos [?] 