noyjh:l. WARIHG'S PERIL. BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER IX.— (Continubd.) 4 Exactly ! that's in case she broke loose, as you say; but even when in the shafts, as she is now, between the levees, how long would it take to sweep a fellow from here out into the gulf, providing nothing interposed to stop him P' 'Matter of simple mathematical calcula tion,' said Ferry, practically. ' They say it's an eight-mile current easy out there in the middle where she's booming. Look at that barrel scooting down yonder. Now, I'd v lay a fiver I could cut loose from here at reveille and shoot the passesijbefore taps and never pull a stroke. It's less thai? eighty miles down to the forts.' 4 Well, then, a skiff like that old Anatole's blaspheming about losing wouldn't take very . long to ride over that route, would it ?' said Kinsey, reflectively. 4 No, not if allowed to'slide. But some body'd be sure to put out and haul it in as a prize, — flotsam and what-you-may-call-'em. You see these old niggers all along here with their skiffs tacking on to every bit of drift wood that's worth having.' 4 But, Ferry, do you think they'd venture out in such a storm as Sunday last? — think anything could live in it short of a decked ship?' 4 No, probably not. Certainly not Anatole's boat.' 4 Well, that's just what I'm afraid of, and what Cram and Reynolds dread.' 4Do they? Well, so far as that storm's concerned, it would have blown it down stream until it came to the big bend below here to the east. Then, by rights, it ought to have blown against the left bank. But every inch of it has been scouted all the way to quarantine. The whole river was filled ' with drift, though, and it might have been wedged in a lot of logs and swept out any how. Splendid ship, that ! Who is she, do you suppose ?' The great black hull with its lofty tracery of masts and ppars was now just about opposite the barracks, slowly and majesti cally ascending the stream. 4 One of those big British freight steamers that moor there below the French Market, I reckon. They seldom come up at night unless it's in the full; of the moon, and even then move with the utmost caution. See, slowing up now.' 'Hello ! Listen ! What's that ?' ex claimed Ferry, starting to his feet. A distant, muffled cry. A distant shot. The sentry at the sally-port dashed through the echoing vault, then bang ! came the loud i roar of his piece, followed by the yell of — 4 Fire! fire! The guard!' With one spring Ferry was down the levee and darted like a deer across the road, Kinsey lumbering heavily after. Even as he sped through the stone-flagged way, the hoarse roar of the drum at the guard-house, fol lowed instantly by the blare of the bugle from the battery qunrters, sounded the stir ring alarm. A shrill, agonized female voice was madly screaming for help. Guards and sentries were rushing to the scene, and flames, were bursting from the front window of Doyle's quarters. Swift though Ferry ran, others were closer to the spot. Half a dozen active young soldiers, members of the in fantry guard, had sprung to the rescue. When Ferry dashed up to the gallery he was just in time to stumble over a writhing and prostrate form, to help extinguish the blazing clothing of another, to seize his water-bucket and douse its contents over a third, — one yelling, the others stupefied by smoke — or something. In leaa time than it takes to tell it, daring fellows had ripped down the blazing shades and shutters, tossed them to the parade beneath, dumped aheap of soaked and smoking bedding out of the rear windows, splashed a few bucketfule of water about the reeking room, and the fire was out. But the doctors were working their best to bring back the spark of life to two senseless forms, and to still the shrieks of agony that burst from the seared and blis tered lips of Bridget Doyle. While willing hands bore these scorched semblances of humanity to neighboring rooms and tender-hearted women hurried to add their ministering touch, and old Braxton ordered the excited garrison back to quarters and bed, he, with Cram and Kinsey and Ferry, made prompt examination of the premises. On the tabl9 two whiskey-bottles, one empty, one nearly full, that Dr. Potts declared were not there when he left at one. On the mantel a phial of chloroform, which was also not there before. But a towel soaked with the stiflintr contents lay on the floor by Jim's rude pallet, and a handker chief half soaked, half consumed, was on the chair which had stood by the bedside among tho fragments of an overturned kerosene lamp. A quick examination ef . the patients showed that Jim, the negro, had been chloro formed and was not burned at all, that Doyle was severely burned and had probably inhaled flames, and that the woman was crazed with drink, terror, and burns com bined. It took the efforts of two or three men and the influence of powerful opiates to . quiet her. Taxed with negligence or com plicity on the part of the sentry, the sergeant of the guard repudiated the idea, and assured colonel Braxton that it was an easy matter for any one to get either in or out of the garrison without encountering the sentry, and, taking his lantern, led the way out of the hospital grounds, by a wind ing foot-path among the trees to 1 a point in the high white picket fencs wher two slate had been shoved aside. Any one coming along the street without could pass far beyond the ken of the sentry at the west gate, and slip in with the utmost ease, and once inside, all that was necessary was to dodge possible reliefs and patrols. No sentry was posted at the gate through the wall that separated the garrison proper from the hos pital grounds. Asked why he had not re ported this, the sergeant smiled and said there were a dozen others just as convenient, so what was the use? He did not say, how ever, that he and hia fellows had recourse to them night after night. It was three o'clock when the officers' families fairly got settled down again ani back to their beds, and the silence of night once more reigned over Jackson Barracks. One would suppose that such a scene of ter ror and excitement was enough, and that now the trembling, frightened women might be allowed to sleep in peace ; but it was not to be. Hardly had one of their number closed eyes, hardly had all the flickering lights, save those at the hospital and guard house, been downed again, when the strained nerves of the occupants of the officers' quad rangle were jumped into mad jangling once more and all the barracks aroused a second time, and this, too, by a woman's shriek of horror. Mrs. Conroy, a delicate, fragile little body, wife of a junior lieutenant of infantry oc enpying a set of quarters in the samej build ing with, but a* the opcosite end from, Pierce and Waring, was found lying senseless at the head of the gallery stairs. When revived, amid tears and tremblings and incoherent exclamations she declared that she had gone down to the big ice-chest on the ground floor to get some milk for her nervous and frightened child and was hurry ing up the stairs again, — the only means of communication between the first and second, floors, — when, face to face, in front of his] door, she came upon Mr. Waring, or hiff ghost ; that his eyes were fixed and glassy ; that he did not seem to see her when he spoke for speak he did. His voice sounded like a moan of anguish, she said, but'the words were distinct : 4 Where is my knife ? Who has taken my knife ?' And then little Pierce, who had helped to raise and carry the stricken woman;.to her room, suddenly darted out on the gallery and ran along to the door ho had closed four hours earlier. It was open. Strik ing a match, he hurried though into the chamber beyond, and there, face downward upon the bed, lay his friend and comrade Waring, moaning.like one in the delirium of fever. CHAPTER X. Lieutenant Reynolds was seated at his desk at department head- quarters about nine o'clock that morning when an orderly in light-battery dress dismounted at the banquette and came up the stairs three at a jump. ' Captain Cram's compliments, sir, and this is immediate,' he reported, as he held forth a note. Reynolds tore it open, read it through, then said, ' Go and fetch me a cab quick as you can,' and dis appeared in the general's room. Half an hour later he was spinning down the levee towards the French Market, and before ten o'clock was seated in the captain's cabin of the big British steamer Ambassador, which had arrived at her moorings during the night. Cram and Kinsey were already there, and to them the skipper was telling his story. Off the Tortugas, just about as they had shaped their course for the Belize, they were hailed by the steamer Tampa, bound from New Orleans to Havana. The sea was calm and the boat put off from the Tampa and came alongside, and presently a gentleman was assisted' on board. He seerned weak from illness, but explained that he was Lieutenant Waring, of the United States Artillery, had been accidentally carried off to sea, and the Ambassador was the first in ward-bound ship they hnd sighted since cropsing the bar. He would be most thnnk fnl for a passage back to Ne w Orleans. Cap - tain Baird had welcomed him with the heart iness of a British tar, and made him at home in his cabin. The lieutenant waw evidently far from well, and seemed somewhat dazed and mentally distressed. He had j-iven no account of his mishap other than that told him by the officers of ths Tampa, which had laid to when overtaken by the gale on Saturday night, and on Sundav morning when they resumed their course downstream they overhauled a light skiff and were surprised to find a man aboard, drenched and senseless. ' The left side of his face was badly bruised and discolored, even when he came to us,' said Baird, 'and he must have been slugged and robbed, for his watch, his seal ring, and what little money he had were all gone.* The second officer of the Tampa had fitted him out with a clean shirt, and the steward dried his clothing as best he could, but the coat was stained and clotted with blood. Mr. Waring had slept heavily much of the way back until they passed Pilot Town. Then he was up and dressed Thursday afternoon, and seemingly in better spirits, when he picked up a copy of the New Orleans Picayune which the pilot had left aboard, and was reading that, when suddenly he started to his feet with an ex clamation of amaze, and, when the captain turned to see what was the matter, Waring was ghastly pale and fearfully excited over something he had read. He hid the paper under his coat and sprang up on deck and paced nervously to and fro for hours, and began to grow bo ill, apparently that Captain Baird was much worried. At night he hegared to be put ashore at the barracks in stead of going on up to town, and Baird had become so troubled about him that he sent his second officer in a gig with him, landed him on the levee opposite the sally-port, and there, thanking thorn heartily, but'dedining further assistance, Waring had hurried through the entrance into the barrack square. Mr. Royco, the second officer, said there was considerable excitement, beating of drums and sounding of buirles, at the post, as they rowed towards the shore. He did not learn the cause. Captain Baird was most anxious to learn if tho gentleman had safely reached his destination. Cram replied that he had, but in a state bordering on delirium? and un able to «ive any coherent account of himself. He could tell he had been aboard the Ambassador and the Tampa, but that was about all. And then they told Baird that what War ing probably sa-v -was Wednesday^ paper with the details of the inquest on the body of Lascelles and tho chain of evidence point ing to himeelf as tho murderer. This caused honest Captain Baird to lay ten to one he wasn't guilty and five to one he'd never heard of it till he got the paper above Pilot Town. Whereupon all three officers clapped the Briton on the back and shook him by the hand and begged his company to dinner at the barracks and at Moreau'fl ; and then, while Reynolds sped to the police-office and Kinsey back to Colonel Braxton, whom he represented at the intnrview, Cram remounted and, followed by the faithful Jeffers, trotted up Rampart Street and sent in his card to Madame Lascellos, and Madame's maid brought back reply that she was still too shocked and stricken to receive visitors. So also did Madame d'Hervilly deny herself, and Cram rode home to Nell. ' It is useless,' he said. * She will not see me:' 'Then she shall see me,' said Mrs. Cram. And so a second time did Jeffers make the trip to town that day, this time perched with folded arms in the rumble of the pony phaeton. And while she was gone, the junior doctor was having the liveliest experience of his few years of service. Scorched and burDed though she was, Mrs. Doyle's faculties seemed to have returned with re newed acuteness and force. She demanded to be taken to her husband's side, but the doctor sternly refused. She demanded to be told his condition, but was informed that it was so critical that he must not be disturbed, especially by her, who was practically re sponsible fcr all his troubles. Then she in sisted on knowing whether he was conscious and whether he had asked for a priest, and when informed that Father Foley had already arrived, it required the strength of four men to hold her. She raved like a maniac, and her screams appalled the garrison. But screams and struggles were in vain. _ 'Pills the Less ' sent for his senior, and ' Pills the Pitiless ' more than ever deserved his name. He sent for a strait- jacket, saw her securely stowed away in that and borne over to a vacant roo*u in the old hospital, set the steward's wife on watch and a sentry at the door, went back to Waring's bedside, where San- lay tossing in burning fever, murmured his few words of caution to Pierce and Ferry, then hastened back to where poor Doyle was gasping in agony of mind and body, clinging to the hand of the gentle soldier of the cross, gazing piteously into his father confessor's eyes, drinking in his words of exhorta tion, yet unable to make articulate reply. The flames had done their cruel work. Only in desperate pain could he^speak again. It was nearly dark when Mrs. Cram came driving back to barracks, bringing Mr. Reynolds with her. Her eyes were dilated, her cheeks flushed with excitement, as she sprang from the low phaeton, and, with a murmured ' Come to me as soon as you can ' to her husband, she sped away up the stairs, leaving him to receive and entertain her passenger. ' I, too, went to see Madame Lascelles late this afternoon,' said Reynolds. ' I wished to show her this.' It was a copy of a despatch to the chief of police of New Orleans. It stated Jin effect that Phillippe Lascelles had not been seen or heard of around Key West for over two weeks. It was believed that he had gone to Havana. ' Can you get word of this to our friend the detective ?' asked Cram. ' I have wired already. He has gone to Georgia. What I hoped to do was to note tho effect of this on Madame Lascelles ; but she was too ill to see me. Luckily, Mrs. Cram was there, and I sent it up to her. She will tell you. Now I have to see Braxton.' And then came a messenger to ask Cram to join the doctor at Doyle's quartern at once : so he scurried up-staira to see Nell firsthand learn her tidings. ' Did I not tell you ?' she exclaimed, as he he entered the parlor. ' Phillippe Lascelles was here that very night, and had been seen with his brother^t the office on Royal Street twice before this thing happened, and they had trouble about money. Oh, I made her understand. I appealed to her as a woman to do what she could to right Mr. Waring, who was so generally believed to be the guilty man. I told her we had detectives tracing Phillippe and would soon find how and when he reached New Or leans. Finally I showed her the des patch that Mr. Reynolds sent up, and at la^t she broke down, burst into tears, and said she, too, had learned since the inquest that Phillippo was with her husband, and pro bably was the stranger referred to, that awful night. She even suspected it at the time, for she knew he came not to borrow but to demand money that was rightfully his, and also certain papers that Armand held and that now were gone. It was she who told me of Phillippe's having been seen with Armand at the office, but she declared she could not believe that he would kill her hus band. I pointed out the fact thatf Armand had fired two shots from his pistol, appar ently, and that no bullet- marks had been found in the room where the quarrel took place, and that if his shots had taken effect on his. antagonist he simply could not have been Waring, for though Waring had been bruised and beaten about the head, the doctor said there was no sign of bullet-mark about him anywhere. She recognized the truth of this, but still she said she believed that there was a quarrel or was to be a quarrel between her husband and Mr. Waring. Otherwise I believe her throughout. I be lieve that, no matter what romance there was about her nursing Phillipe and his falling in love with her, she did not encourage him, did not oall him here again, and was true to her old husband. She is simply possessed with the idea that the quarrel which killcd'her husband was between himself and Mr. Waring, and that it occurred after Phillippe had got his money and papers, and gone.' ' W-e-e-ll, 1'hillippe will have a heap to explain when he is found,' was Cram's reply. ' Now I have to go to Doyla's. He is making some confession, I expeot, to the priest.' But Cram never dreamed for an instant what that was to be. That night poor Doyle's spirit took its flight, and the story of misery he had to teU, partly by scrawling with a pencil, partly by gesture in reply to question, partly in pain fully-gasped sentences, a few words at a time, ?was practically this. La3celles and his party did indeed leave him at tho Pelican when he was so drunk he only vaguely knew what was going on or what had happened in the bar room where thoy were drinking, but his wife had told him the whole story. Lascelles wanted more drink,— champagne ; the bar tender wanted to close up. They bought several bottles, however, and had them put in the cab, and Lascelles was gay and sing ing, and, instead of going directly home, in sisted on stopping to make a call on the lady who occupied the upper floor of the liouse Doyle rested on the levee. Doyle rarely saw her, but she sometimes wrote to Lascelles and got Bridget to take the letters to him. She was setting her cap for the old Frenchman. 4 We called her Mrs. Dawson.' The cabman drove very slowly through the storm as Doyle walked home along with Bridget and some man who was helping, and when they reached the gate there was the cab and Waring in it. The cab -driver was standing by his hor3e, swearing at the delay and saying he would charge double fare. Doyle had had trouble with hia wife for many yenrs, and renowed trouble lately because of two visits Lascelles had paid there, and that evening when she sent for him he was drink ing in Waring's room, had been drinking during the day ; he dreaded more trouble, and 'twas he who took Waring's knife, and still had it, he said, when he entered the gate, and no Booner did he see Lascelles at his door than he ordered him to leave. Lascelles refused to go. Doyle knocked him down, and the Frenchman sprang up, swear ing vegeance. Lascelles fired two shots, and Doyle struck once, — with the knife, — and there lay Laacelles, dead, before Doyle could know or realize what he was doing. In fact, Doyle never did know. It was what his wife hail told him, and life had been a hell to him ever since that woman came back. She had blackmailed him, moro or less, ever since he got his commission, because of an old trouble he'd had in TexaR. (To Bb Continued.) 