HUM UP. The reception of a deputation from the Licensed Victuallers' Association by the, ;Fremier gave Mr. Reid an opportunity of dealing out . gruel to the local option party in a unuiuubcnsi/ic xaanion. . ne is opposed, he stated, to local. option, strongly opposed to it, , and — will do nothing to prevent a bill being introduced to give effect to the principle he is " strongly opposed" to. He will vote against it, and so will Mr. Want, but the rest of his colleagues, will vote for it. Of course there' is no , novelty in this harlequin -attitude. . It has be come-in, New' South Wales as conventional as a . pantomime nt Christmas in England. Recent Minis tries and Ministries not recent have successively assumed the same inverte brate attitude' with respect to this subject. The' Premier and one or two Ministers have favoured a bill, the rest of the Cabinet have opposed one. The consequence has been naturally that nothing lias been done in the way of legislation. No bill-intro'duced as a private measure has. a ghost of a chanoe' of passing into law when, op posed by so numerous and so < de termined a- contingent in the As sembly! as invariably rallies to knock out a local option bill. It is certain that no' such bill will pass, until not merely introduced, as a Go vernment irieasuro'but as an., essential part of the Government policy, to be supported with the full weight of Ministerial influence,- pushed on and pressed upon ntombers with all the activity displayed by a Go vernment which . conceives its posi tion afl'ected by the fate , of the measure, and. urged with a threat of resignation in case of failure to pass it. It is equally certain that no Govern ment ' will riiak'e ' a nuitter of vital policy of such a measure 'so long as influences within and without the Legislature, for rind , against the system' sought' to be enforced, -con tinue/to be as near in equality as they have hitherto been and are to-day. Further, it is almost equally sure that tliei-o. will be no , gain made among the . people generally by the- advocates of 'local option so long as an extreme section of the temperance party is known to regard local option merely as means to an end, as ii stop towards, absolute prohibition. Mr. Reid probaloly, under rated tho postponement of hope for the local opt-ionists when he forecasted it at two or three years. Tho prohibi tionists may put it oft' for as many generations. . 