EUGENE RFELD INTERVIEWED. That I. He Fired Talk For Nae Xlantes at a Reporter. Eugene Field, the humorous poet fa rC=s fcr his beautiful children's verse Ias told, had just come in from Chi ,?o and would be at the Authrom' club hs1 night I reached the Authors' club , t 10 o'clock and learned that Field dli gene. "'Whcn'"' "To Washinuton." •'What train?" "Eleven o'clock." I was in Jersey City and In that train at 10: A .Whip out jour notebook and write fr all you're worth." said Mr. Field, troringa himself and his bag in the ct- "Yonu're only nine minutes Time eno;b. thtough, far two uneventful bi esaphi?s like mine." '?Never mind that You e tona of tY* quaint and curious, Mr Field. WFa:r' your fads, pets and so on?" 'Well, listen for your life now. I'm f-a of dogs, birds and all small pets llitrorite flower is the carnation. My tirar'es in fiction are Hawthorne's .Cket Letter,' 'Don Quixote' and'Pil g' s Progress.' I believe in ghosts, is witchbs and in fairie I should like to own a big astronomical telescope and a 24 tune music box. I adore dolls. I dislike 'politics,' so called. I should like to have the privilege of voting ex. tcndcd to women. I am unalterably op td to capital punishment I favor a er~tem of pensions for noble services in literature, art, ecience, etc. I approve of compulsory education. I believe in churches and schools I hate wars, ar rfes, soldiers, guns and fireworks. I do ret care particularly for sculpture or fcr painting. I try not to become inter ested in them, for the reason that if I were to cultivate a taste for them I ehould presently become hopelessly Fankrupt. I dislike ll exercises, and I play games very indifferently. I love to read in bed. I am extravagantly fond of perfumes My favorite color is red. I am a poor diner, and I drink no wines cr spirits of any kind, nor do I smoke totacr. I dislike crowds, and I abom inate functions. I am 6 feet in height and have shocking taste in dress, but I like to have well dressed people about me. I do not love all children. I have tried to analyze my feelings toward children, and I think I discover that I love them in so far as I can make pets of them. I believethat, if I live, I shall do my best literary work when I am a grandfather." "And how did you become a humor is, 3Ir. Field?" I asked, while the por ter besought me with tears in his eyes to leave the train before it started. "Oh, they're not made. They're born." "All aboard!" And Eugene Field was gone.-Demorest's Magazine. 