CHILDREN'S COLUMN. AGAINST THE CAPTAIN'S ORDERS. ? -^-^— — — CUTTING- OUT THE SANTA MARGARITA. 'They say she contains half a million of money,'.' observed Jack Bradley, the mid shipman: of the watch, as he looked over at the mastheads of the big Spanish galleon, which was lying snugly at anchor in the harbor of Porto Diega. ' That'll mean a nice bit of prize-money, air, when; we takes her,' answered old Sam Oakum, the quartermaster. ' When we do !' repeated the middy impatiently. 'Yes, but when will that be, I should like to know ? Here we've been watching her like a cat does a mouse for the last. three weeks, and we don't seem any nearer yet.' , ' You may be sure, sir, as how the cappen knows what he's adoia' of,' replied the old seaman, shifting his quid from one side to the other ; ' and we shall have her all in good time.' ' I don't believe in this waiting-abont business,' continued Jack. ' If he'd only man and arm boats, and give me the com mand of the launch, I'll guarantee that I'd cut her out, and have her alongside before breakfast to-morrow morning.' 'Maybe you might, sir,' said Oikum, cautiously ; ' maybe you might, and maybe you mightn't; Of course, them's on'y SpanyardSj bat then there's a powerful lot of 'em aboard a craft like that.' Just then the ship's corporal approached, and, touching, his cap, observed — 'The captain wishes to see you at once In his cabing, sir.' Casting a look around to see that all was right on deck so far as he was concerned, -md wondering what he was going to be hauled over the coals for this time — for a hundred years ago captains seldom invited midshipmen to their cabins exoepfc to cen sure them— 'young 'Bradley went below^ On entering the cabin in response to the ' Come in ' which' replied to his knock, Jack discovered Captain* Sharpe seated at the table., . . ** Mr. Bradley,' exclaimed the captain, 'I have to tell you I am going to entrust an important expedition to you.' Jack flushed with pleasure. ' You will take a boat's crew, iu an hoar's time, and pull in to the land,' con tinued the captain.- ' And then, should it be dark-^which no doubt it will — you will' muffle your oars and enter the harbor — ? — ' ' And cut out the Santa Margarita, sir ?' interrupted the impetuous middy. ' Certainly not, sir,' replied the captain sternly ;yf on no account must you even fire a pistol, exoept ia self-defence.' Jack's- face became as long as the main lop bow-line. ' Your duty to-night,' the captain went oo, will be to note exactly bow the Santa Margarita is lying, how she is moored, whether she is guarded by booms or any thing of that sort, and, ia fact, to ascertain any particulars which may be of use to us when we do arrange to cut her out. Do yon understand me?' ' Yos, ; sir,' replied Jack, considerably chapfallen. ' And., don't .forget what I siid about fighting,' concluded Captain Sharpe. 'You must avoid everything of the kind; and, mark me, young gentleman, if you disobey mo, and ; get up to any foolishness, by Heaven!- I'll send you borne, sir !' This wasr a terrible threat, for it meant disgrace,- as well as the loss of his dearly loved profession ; and Bradley left the cabin duly impressed. In an hour's tiuao the cutter was lying alongside.; Jack had the pick of the ship's company for his boat's crew, for every man onboard volunteered; and he had chosen old Oaknnv as coxswain. ' Shove off forward ! Give way !' and, with a -long swinging stroke the boat was proceeding towards the land. ' What d'ye think about cuttin' her out now, sir 1' enquired Oakum after a while, with the ghost of a smile in his eyes. ' Think about it Y' replied Jack loud enough to be heard fore and aft. ' Why, with such' a boat's crew as thia I consider we ought to be able to cut out any Spanish ship in existence ;? and I only wish the captain had given me leave to try.' A murmured chorua of approval from the man showed how thoroughly they ware in sympathy with the young officer. ' Hullo! what's that,' cried Jack, peint ? ing to something which was bobbing up and down a couple of boate' lengths away. ' Pears like a bottle, sir,', replied Oakum. ? .. ' Let's have a look at it,' said Bradley. 'Back -water, ? starboard ! easy ! way enough.' The coxswain gave a sheer with the tiller, and Jack leant over the side and picked up the bottle, which was one of those generally used for containing a quadiente — the brandy used by Spaniards in; those, days. The bottle was corked, and Jack could see there was a piece of paper inside. ' It looks like a messige, sir, from some good fellows as have gone below to Daay Jones's Locker,' suggested Oikum. A strange excitement possessed Jack, and, not being provided with a corkscrew, he lost no time in knocking off the neck of the bottle, and then he was enabled to extract a note, written in pencil. It ran as follows, and he read it aloud for tho benefit of the boat's crew ; — ' On Board the Santa Margarita, 'Porto Diega. ' They tell me there is a British man-of-war cruising about outside the harbor, and I am writing these few lines ia the hope that they may be found and read hy my fellowcountry men. 11 If, bb I have no doubt ia the case, yon are thiiking of attacking thia ship, do so at once. They keep little or no watoh on board at night, and those who are on duty are always more or less drunk. 'It will be different, however, on the 21st, on which day Captain Caleverer will return with a regiment of soldiera, which he has been to get in order to help him guard the treasure on board. 'I may add that on the 2lsfc there will be a grand festa on shore; at which I am to ba burnt as a heretic, or shot as a spy, or both. If this should be picked up too late to sate me, send my love to my mother and broth* r Jaik. ' EobebtVBbadlhy, ' Midshipman, late H.M.S, Swallow.' When Jack finished reading this he turned as pale as paper. He knew the writing only too well. It was from his only brother, whom he supposed to be serving on the Mediterranean station. That day was the 20th, and the follow ing consequently would be the fatal 21st, when his brother was to be sacrificed to gratify the brutal passions of a half-caste mok Only a few miles of water separated them, and yet he was powerless to help or save him. By this time they had reached' the mouth of the harbor, and. as it was Quite dark, there was no necessity to wait ; so, muffling fhe'oars with the men's jackets, and guided by the lights in town and the fort, they, commenced the perilous part of the expedi tion. The harbor of Porto ;D iega is shaped?like a capital L, the longer stroke opening io to the sea, while the fort is situated at the elbow. The tide was running down strongly, and as. he noticed it, old Oakum observed in a hoarse whisper — ''Twould be a fine tide to run a craft out on, sir.' Jack caught the hint in a moment, and at once resolved upon what he would do. ' Look here, men,' he exclaimed ia a low yet distinct voice, ' as you all know, my brother is on board that vessel. Wall, I am going to have a cut. at her, come wbat will. She's lying with her head up the harbour, so we'll board her astern. As soon as we get aboard the two bowmen will go for'ard and cut har adrift tHer*1, while the stroke oars will attend to the cable astern. Tho rest of us must do our best to overcome the watch on deck and batten down the hatchways. Directly that is done, all bands aloft; to loose the top sails.' It seemed for a moment as though the man were. going to cheer, but fortunately they recognised the folly of such an exhi bition of feeling at such a moment, and only the renewed energy with which they tugged at the oars showed what they meant. The fort was passed in safety; a black spot hero and there may have been sentries, but, if so, they were all fast asleep. Another ten minutes and the Santa Margarita oould be seen looming in tho distance like a huge cliff. 'Avast pulling, boys,'' said Jack ia a whisper, '.' and get your cutlasses and pistols ready, but don't fire if you can help it.' Tho men quickly prepared ; themselves for the coming fray by throwing off their heavy hats and tying handkerchiefs round their heads, while some stripped off coat and shirt to obtain greater freedom. All was going well, and not a sound cauld bo heard on board tho Spanish slip, wben ono of tho bowmen, in shiftiog a pistol, accidentally touched the trigger and it exploded. In an instant they seemed to wake np on board the Santa Margarita, arid tho shouling, cursing, and confusion wero something indescribable, The prevalent idea was defence, and all hands began to fire anything they could lay hold of — pistols, muakets, big guns- — in all directions without aim or oKj^ct. Two men were wounded in the cutter b fore she got alongside, but she was evi dently unseen, as no attempt was made to prevent the Englishmen boarding. With their cutlasses between their teeth fcheyi swarmed up the steep side of the gal leon: like cats, and on arriving on deck Jack perceived that the Spaniards had commenced fighting between themselves. Ib took but a few minutes to cover the hatchways and batten them down, and by the time this was done the cables had been cut and the big craft was drifting down the barbor. Oakum immediately went to the helm, while the remainder of tha crew ran up aloft and loosed the fore-topsail ; the main and mizzen topsails soon followed, and by the time she was abreast of the fort the Santa Margarita was surging along under her three topsails and jib, with the cutter towing astern. The fire from the fort was very erratic, not more than half a doz3n shots coming near, those being so high they passed through the rigging or sails ; and in another ten minutes the guns had ceased to bear, and the Santa Margarita was well out at sea. ; The sound of the firing had attracted the attention of those on board the English frigate, and putting his helm up Captain Sharpe had headed in for the land. As he approached Jack backed his main top-sail and hove to, while Captain Sharpe jumped into the rigging and hailed, ' Ship ahoy ! What ship is that T 'The Santa Margarita,' replied Jack. ♦'Will you please send a prize crew on board, sir, to take charge of the prisoners V In half-an-hour the Spaniards were all disarmed and confined in the forehold, while Robert Bradley had been released and the brothers had met once more. It was found that he had been captured by the Santa Margarita when she was out ward; bound, the whole of his boat's crew had been shot, and he as an officer had beeni reserved for another occasion. , The next day found Jack Bradley once again in the cabin. 'Now, Mr.. Bradley, you know what;! told you,' observed Captain Sharpe. ' You have; been guilty* of gross disobedience of orders and I am going to send you home.' Poor Jack could scarcely keep the tears from; his eyes. He had expeoted to be reprimanded, but to be ruined and disgrjaeed was rather hard. '' I am very sorry, sir,' commenced Jack in a broken voice. ' I couldn't help it.' ' Yes, Mr. Bradley, I am going to send you ;home,' continued the captain ; and then, after a pause of a minute, he added, ' in charge of the Santa Margarita, and if the Admiralty don't give you your commis sion,]); isn't my fault. Shake bands, young man ' Jack navigated the galleon in safety to Portsmouth, and received his promotion within a week, in spite of his disobedience of orders. ? 