FALSE EVIDENCE 1r E. P'rUr.LsI'u OrrIweerrEt. Author of "A Mlonk .of Crutea," ,,A Daughter of thEu Maroni," etc. Published by speciaf arrangetment elith Messrs. lVard, Lock s5 .Bowduen, Lid. [ALL ItlIaei ItEIOtVEDn.] PROLOGUE. The lat esally had been amade and to. pulsed, the lat abut lined ; the fight wte over, and victory remained with the white men. And yet, after nil, wase ite vlictory or a msaoeeeu ouwre i you re a stay.at houeso, and road the report from tho telegrams in oor club, or in the triumphant columnu of the daily papers, especially those on the aide of the dinlastry, you wouled certainly have pronounced it the formeor. ut if you ad been there on the spot, and had scan the half-ounaed, illared natlvon, with the lire of patriotism blarineg in their eyes and leaping in their hueria-had seen them being shot down in rowe by he muerciless gene on the Egliah ircttorieeanothier vicw of the matter might have presentod iliol to you. It might have accurred to you that theue men were fighting on their eown sil feor their freedom and their country, and that the spirit which wan blinding their eyes to the hopelaeneuo of resitaonece, and urging them on to resist the strangers' progress with suche pr?eionato lneffeetenesr, woas after allt a natural ante a peti one. Bat, after anil, that halo nothing to do wi th nmy story. Toe battle was over, and it was merning. Fur away In the oast a dull red light had arisen from over tbh toye of th towering bleak mountains, and an angry nun was aullenly shiing on the cnalo of earnoge. It Sa lowe hillside, once pleasoes enough to look upon, hut At that mcuent probably the most hideous eight which the whale univoere could have shown, The silvery streams, which had trickled lezily down to the valley below, now ran thick and red with blood. The luxuriant shrubs and high waving erns wearo trampled down and de figurno, nod, moet hoerribo eight of all, everywhere were strewn the copperey l coloured forme of tha entuon nativeoe. There they lay port and in heaps n All inagle. able pstures, aund with oall imaginable expreosls n o their huard, batered acres. S3mo lay on their oldes with their fingers looked around their spears, and the rigid frown and co.vuhod paveon of anhn.g dying hatred branded on their numbed fon tota. OThore ls bravo had hcrn shot inI the beok whilst flying from the death-deal Ing liee of the larupacon gus, and lay stretched about eIn attitudes which in life woueld avo ton comical, leut in death were grutetlely heideou ; anti over the eloping fields the misty clouds of emoko stilt lie. gored sand curled upwards frolnt the bea tIred nexinct shello which lay thick on the ground. H1igh above the atone of do,untatioe, on a rocky plateau at the seummit of the range of hill, were pitched tile kents of the victors. A citieo apart from these, conu splcuous by tt, o log which floated abhoe le, were the goerauio quarters ; and under. neath tat slopige rooe of canvao a raonge scene was being enacted. Scat^.d emogest e ihtle group of the eupeior officers, with a hoavy frown on his atomr face, aet the generali. Befotre him, at a litule oistace, with a soldier on either aide, cluod a tall, anlght young man, in the uniform of an officer, buh ewordless. His smooth face, nn yet. beardlees, was dyed with A deep flush, which might well be there, whether it proeenedd frone shame or Indgationl. For hro was tnder atreot, nod charged with a crime which, ib a eoldiar, is heinous landed-it taee cowari.ceo. It was a court.martiai hbfore whieh he atood arraigned. ilihough a hasetily im provised oe. Bot uoldcue have prompt ideas of justice, and G noral Lnxtou was a marlinet in all matters of diseiplino. Disciplinarian though he wos, howver, he liked little the task which was now befotu him. He loohed up irem the papers, which were atretohred out on the rloketcy little round table, with a sudden movement, and bent hie frowning gaze upon the accused. The young man returned his gaze steadily, but the colour in his checks grow deeper. ",Herhbrt Dtreoeex, you stand accusld of a crime which, in your profeaeion, nothieg can palliate or excuse. thevr you anything to any for youreclf ?' "There will be no need for me to say anything, sir," was the prompt reply. " It in true that I turned my back upon the enemy, but It was to face a greoter danger. The man whoso life I saved cam disprove this cruel charge agoinst me in a moment. I admit that, from your point of view, ap pearanone m 0 auspicious, but yOU have only to learn from my halif-brother, iReport Dnvereux, why I quitted my post, and what I eilecton by no doing, to absolve me at least from all suapicion of cowardice, how. ever much I may be to blame A a matter of otecipine." General Lunton appeared surprised, a little relieved. "I hope cc," he said, not unkindly. itRoberts, sand am erderly to Lieutenant Deveronx's tout, and command his proesce at once." The man withdrew, and there was a few minutes' delay. Then the entrance to the test was lifted up, and a tall, dark youon man, with thin but decided features, And flashing black eyse, stopped forward. He was handaeme, altar a certain type, but his exprceslon was too eeilches and esperilioms to be prepoesessiog. Gtuorea Lxton looked up and nodded. "' Lieutenaut Doveroux, your half brother, who stands accused of eowrrdloe in the fane of the rneey, appeals to you to give evidence on iris behaln. Let us hear what you saw of hire during She routut lighting." £egrly, and with a connident light in hir fair voeng face, the prisoner turned to wards the man to whom those words wear addressed. lint alowlyand ieliberetely the latter turned his bhck upon his half-brother without noticing his glauco ni appeal, and with a scornful light in his ayes. There was a slight mururr, and an mteehtange of leeks amongst the few woo were present at this significant setton. .I do nit kuo.v, t;enoral Luxton," ho sued, slowly, " what the priaoour can espect me to say likely to benutit hint. He can aoareoey beo e metd?a to expect m0 to hileid him in this ruatier on account of our rolationehcy, or to prieerve the honunr of our name, and yet I do not sue why Dihe is shouldh aveo ppealed to tm. I saw very little of the affair, And would rather not have seon that. I wee riding to you, air, with a mcesage from ijluonoi acUitt ; and, as I passed troench ", I new the prisonier suddenly leave his company and run to wards me. liey pseed seeeral yards to the left, and as he eeumed to be hurrying along aimlooly, I cnlled to him. Hu made no answer, but-" 'LLtu I' Tkuwu.da eemet hueled out with auch a paniesete Intensity that, every ens sterted. eleerro Luntu ook eud up angrily. ,'Silences, air I Lenrtilbhaes sneoppor tunity of saying whoat pee hoves In say presently. troweld, bievereex." ,A. u waem aayiegcc Imupart Dvsersex oautinuret uslmly, wirhont appearieg to bans meotlued tho interruptien, b e made 00 sanwar, but scoured te awiah to aeoid sue. An the measuge weith ewhich I warr entrustedmwusne imicortaut oesI redeun and tuft him huartyieg toearnds the renr," With a sterner air ureet here hod ecl?t firet aesonrled,itlrnorsi bunko, turned io words the ouleriunate yuoungerli who aloud baeeue hhinc, lie was atocnding ne thougie tuarned etocreon, millh mideluole eyes, stating at threrrraue ire bed jstt sicueure, attitode ned eexiresaione cirhe ke apoablng reeeloeeuewhcig bwhucldraueel. "e Youre stiltbeaty to oah the eeiolcen uPy rlueatloeea," tics tisacrol said, ahortly. tura ce omeet there wasse dead slenu0, Then the words oame pourlg out from his quivering lips like a monta.in trrant. SIupenrt, what hoave you said Whatl does this saneen ! Good God, ere you try ing to ruin meto? Dh I not roun to your ae aostanoe beaudse you wre beset by thoee thiree blachgonardso ? Didn't I kill two of themo and save your life! You can't hvo forgotten it ! Why are you lying ? Hilton saw it all, and so did Feonwiok. Vhere re they? My God, thin Is horrible I' The dep tlush had gone from his heaeks, and loft him palo os death. Groat beads rf persplrotio stood out upoen his forehead, and there wa a wild look In his deep bloue ehas. But the man to whom he made his poeloato appeal kept hi back turned and headed not a word of it. Instead of answer log ha addremeed thrGoenral. " General Luxt?n,' Rupert soid, calmly, ,the aoaeed, in denying the trth aof my statement, mentieno the names of two men whom be admits were witneesse of thts lamentable occurrence. Might I suggoest that they be valed to giove their version ?' The General nodded ascent, andod the thinog wats done. Buet Hilton we the only one who answered the aummons, and on rereoocI toe a list of the killed and wounded it was lfound that Fotnwlek was reportelad lmnoiog. "John lilton, the aenuued has appealed to you to give evidence on his b oeall. tat Shear what youea saw of hlom doring thae recent lgltiang," The moo, on ordicnry.loeking privato, atolped forward and saluted. "I only uaw him for a moment, uir," he iold, slowly, and with a marked reluctance. " I was riding behind Llantenont Devereox when I sow him leave his company and pas as a few yards to the left, It struck me that he looked very pal, and I thought prbalpe he was wounded." " He did notleave his company to dome to your master's aeslaitnoe, than? "Certainly not, sir. We wwe not in any need of nt. None of the enemy were near as." "Thank you. You can go, Hilton." The man sainted and wont. There was a dead silence fora efull minute. Then there came a passionate, hyatorinal cry from the prioner-e " Linear I Lie i General Lenuxto, upon my honour, either my brother and this man bre under some halluolnatien or they have entired intoa co en?p?ecy egainst ma fore ieod Almighty I sweoar that I only lot my poat becanuse several of the enemy had crept down from the hill behind and hod atthkehd my brother and his servant. I killed one of theoan, and the blied of the other is still on my wowrd. Why, Report, you know tho you called ouact, 'Thankos, Herbert, you haveo aoved my life.'o Thoer we-'e your very words i" The man appealed to shock his head slowly ned am though with grottreluctanoe. The eight boomed to madden the prisoner, nod he made a sudden movement forward as though to splring aut him, • th, this is horrible i" he crlrid. W eVhere I lFenwiek ? He sow It all. Lot olve he ralled." Genera, Lxtote glanced again at the Bot etoen him andt looked up. " Youe are onfortunoatin youer selections," he said, dryly. " The evdeneo af Hilton and your brother, to whom you appealed, lely strengthen the case against you. lFowlok is missing. Herbert Dovereca," he went on sternly. "the charge againet iou has been proved. 1, myself, at a most critical nmoment, saw yo deosert your post when it was the centre of attack, and it fell to another's lot to load your men on to the pursuit. The rosaets which you have brought forward to aacont for your un warrantable action have boon clearly die posed of. You nre moat certainly guilty of a crime, which, amongst soldiers, there is no pardon, Bat you aee young, and I can act forget that you are the son of one of the meat distiagniahed c elcers with whom it has boen my good fortune to be asoeiatod. For iss sake I am willing to wake some Allow. ance for you-on one coadhion you may re tain your eomnmission, and, I trust, retrieve this well-nigh fatal miotakn In the future. To the crime of cowardice you have added the crime of lying i for that your acount of the attack upon your half.brother and your rocoo is a pure fabrication I cannot doubt. The peculiar curve te the defile behind trench 4 anfortunateln hid you from the field of battle and prevents further evidence no to the occurrence which, yee say, took place. But that your story is false no one an espoeebly doubt. The place has been carofullyexamined, and there are no dead bodies within a hundred yards. It seems, from your appeal to your half-brother, that you expected him to shield you at the exponse Of his honour. This lie and false nasttmont oc yours you muet retreact if yu Leope for any mercy from me." There was a ooevalive agony In the boy's white. strained facet s he drew himself ap, and leaked half piteously, half indignantly at hit judge. Bat when he tried to speak he could not. and there was a minute or two's dead silence whilst he was struggling to obtain the mattery over himself. All ex reeted a confession, and General Luotoa removed his eyes from the prisoner, and bent close over his papers, thot none might lea l the compassion which was in his heart, and which was reflected in his face. The words came at l lt ; and shrill and incoherent though they were, there was a ring of geonine dignity In them. " General Leuton, I have been guilty neither of cowardice nor falsehood. I swear before God, on the sword which my father himself pat Into my hoods before I loft Eogland ; by everything that Is meat holy to me I swear that my account of this awful occirrence in true, Ask the men of whom I was in o cmmand heAn I caught sight of -ef him "-and ha pointed with a trembling finger and a gesture than which nothing could have been more dramatic to his half hrother-" ask them whether I bore myself like a coward when those spears ware whistling around us, er when we were fight ing hand.to.hand after the first repulse. fleat knows that I did noe. i left my pras to neounter a greater danger still. iittoerly do 1 regret that I ever did so ; but it is the 'niy Indiscretione f which I am dellty. I swear it." g;enoral Lueton raised his head, and what there had been of eompoaaioa in his faoe ,vas ither gooe or effectually ocnoealed. " You have sworn enough already." he saidsterely. "Herbert Dsveuenxc I am bitterly dhappointid in yoe. I woe willing 1, spare your father the disgrace which t.e willt kil himl but you act awaythe groucd from under my feet. You are meat certainly ptoved guilty of groet cowardiot in the faoe of the enemy, fonad guilty, not upon the eovience of one man, hut of twe, and one of those your own relative. •ie emebtaoees, tooe, ta strong against you o are the probabhilities. Most undeniably and oncicnleely yop are found guilty ; guilty of faloaheed. Ya uwill semain nader arrest until I can find an opportulnity of sending so escort with you to the Hakin. Your ?ommission is forfeited to the Queen, whose uniform you have disgraced." Never a sign of guilt in the prisoner's countenance. Proadly and indignantly he looked his General straight in the f?ee, hit cheeks red with a flgsh, which was not of shame, and the wild fury in his heart blat. lag out of his eyes. "It is not I who have disgraced the Qaeon's coloers ; but he-he who has fabri. cated and sworn toan floe etring eg lies. Ruapert, In year heaet alone is tht knew. lodge of why yea kant dens this thiog. tint anone day peytou ghaltll moe--r dfe." Thereo woe aemethilag intensely dramantic in tbepessionato hitteoueen which vibrated in the obrlil boyish. teee, tod, no though moveadby aecommon ipuo,eietvery oea in the toot olellowe that tbreatening gesteure. lint thea faee at Report Doaeterou one little litote tin ce of a guilty man. Me lacked someowhet agitated, and a good deal pained hout kclthe"h l' oe ii? hepoyosore of nil eyaca, he tle,,end never a ahade tiet paler, nor iiinoized ,ileea from tihe passieonate lire which ores leapleg froc te ebyces ef the yeceg priloecer. lie[ aeoneee as tiecegh abeet Ic ,,ahae ,oih reply; hot tiha tisneoral raised h~is hauod.1l .'l¢.onuce Ole pelteoeer." Thee~eon sa aetddera commoiloe, lee, weith olee, tpalrlnel trent, andi acme Ice a m~etl?tdhg bove hebahad, .he had '1 etaggered backwards and ank heavily to the ground in a dead swoon. What wonder! He wa, bot a boy after all. "Herbert I Why, Herbert I Good God I where did you spring from ! Ara you in. valdod t' The moonlight was streaming in through the high oriel windows of the ong picturoe gallery, glittering upon the armour and crossed weapons which hung upon th, wall, and coating fantastic rmys down the polished oak floor. Colonel Sir Charloe overox dropped the oigor which he had been peacefully smoking, aod brought to a sudden halt his leisurely perambulation of this, his favorito resort. Before him, with droeping head, with ounken obeeks, and with deep blank rime ondor his eyes, stood his eon Herbert, who, only a few weeks ago. had departed on hi. firot campaicgn, a heppy, caroeless young asub. Was it, indeed, his e00, or was it a ghost that had stolon upon him out of the gloomy shadows of the vast goliccy? "Iovalided I Would to God that I was dead I" broke from the boy's quivering lips. " Father, I have brhought disgrace upcon you \--dilgrmoo upon our name." And he stretched ont his hand towards the long lino of pictured warriors, who seemed to he frowning down upon him from the wall. " Disgrace that you will never forgive, never pardon." Like a tatouo of stono the prood old soldior aaood while the liteod to his son's story. Then, with a half.smothered groao, he deliberately turned his back upon him. " Father," he pleaded, " listen to me. Bofore heaven I swear that Im innooeont. Ropert lied. Why, I don't know, but he lied. I never felt fear." fit. father turned hailf round. "You have beeon put on your defenoe. General Luxton would never have found your father's aon geilty of oowardloo had thre btoo. roorn for doubt. The charge w proved againt you in iourt-martial. " But, father, It was bocause they believed liRport ant hie man. The only other men tbo saw the struggle are dead." Colonel Devereux turned away and hid il. ftae in his hoods. "A Dovercux guilty of oowardiee I" he groans4. "My God ! that it should hcve been my eon 1" Then with a sudden movement he turned round. Hie son had oank upon his knees b. fore him, and the moon was throwing a ghastly light upon his haggard, supplicating face. " Out of my sight and out of my heart for oever, Herbert Devoroux I" cried his father, his tones vibrating with a pa.eonate cono tempt. " You have brought disgrace upon a stainless name. Corso you for it. though you bt a thousand times my eo. You shal not sleep under this roeof gao. HBe 00e I Change your namo, I command you I Forgot that you are a Deveroax, as I most eroly shall. Toron, linedraper, or man millinor, or lawyer, what you will .o that I never ruo or hear from you again. Be gone, and curse you." Soothing aod vibrating with scorn though the worse were, they oseemed to touch a chord I to he boy's heart, not of humloation, but of righteous anger. He sprang to his feet, and hold himelft for a momen at proudly aeay of hiar arneurod anoetote who looked down frome the wallse apo father and eao. , I will go, then," he cied, firmly. "It to right that I should go. Bot, after, all, it is false to say that I have disgraced your name. It to Rupert who has done this." He turned and wmeked steadily away, without be okward glance. Out of the wingh doaes on to the broad ,taciroao, hc paseod along noble corridors, between row, of marble statoueso, down Into the mighty dome-like hall, and out of the house which he had loved Bo well. And the servants, who would have pressed forward to weo ome him, hung oback in fetr, for there was that in his fao which they shrank from looking upone. Out into the soft osummer night e stopped, headless of their wonder. leg glancc, add down the broaed avenue be horrled. never pasoing once to breathe to the balmy night wind. heavy with the oedour of awetumeolling flower., or to olisten to the singing in the low opro which bordered the gardens. Through a low ireon gate he stepped into thei park, and walked oloog, never gioncrg to the right or to the lio at the strange shtadows cast by the mighty ahk-trocs on the velvety turf, or nt t. startled door, who saprng up on every aide of him and bounded gracefully awcy, or at the rahtlii who wcre scampering about alt? round in desperate alarm ; oco he had oved to watch and to listten to all those things ; bt oow heo felt only a toburning desiro to escape from them, and to fled im?oelf outside the coafines of the htome whtih he wma leaving for over, And not ontil he had roachod the last paling, nud tad vaultod Into the broad, whbto road, die his strength desert him. Then, faint nod wercy, aend heartsik, be sank down In a heapon the roadside, and prayed that he might de. A cloudles ,ummer morning, with the freshness of dawn still lingering in theo air. A morning hich seoem d abnout to herald ito on, of Nature's perfect days, on which tohb ,ad we, a crime, and to have troubles absurd. Alre?dy the dreamy htmming of toee wa. floating to the atmosphere, and the lark had given place to noisier, if leas mucscical, songsters. It was a glorious morn Ooer the low, iron gate of an old-fashioned garden a girl was leaning, her head resting lightly upon her hand, gazing acroes the pleaoant meadows to the darn woods bet yoad, with a soft, far-away look In her grey yes-ifor ahe was thinking of her lover. She was dreesed in a blue print gown, whioh tong in simple folds around her straight. afim figure, And she had carelessly paosed the long stall of a fall-blown red roen with to her waistband. It was a very plenoant view that the wac admiring; btt any casuat spectator would have declared thot she wam too moat oharming objcot In It. And there wan a spectator, although not a carnal one. Suddenly, like a ghost, the figuro of her dreamis.tod before her. Palo, haggard, and diahovelled-loohing, he seemed to navo risen out of the very ground ; and it wa. very little to be wondered at that, at first, .he shrunk back alarmed. .'Herbert! Hierbert! can it really be ycn !" iI. never answered her ; but as the first .urpri.e began to fade away, she movtd forward, and would have thrown herself in hi. arms. Bat he stopped her. " Keep back, Marian," he cried, hoarsely ; 'hoeep away from mc ! I have come to bid you good-bye." A eswit. sudden feor drove the colour from her checks, and hilloed her through and throught; ut ,le faltroed out an Ger.od-bye, Herbert What do you moan! Oh, toll me what has happened, quick !" 'ro one thing worse than death, M tIonn- diegrac I'" And then, with his faco turred away, and his eyes reating wearily on the picturesque landecapo, he told her his story. The last word had loft his quiovring lips. and he tod ma though in a dream. TI,, merit ma. over. He had tol t hi, ftether and he hod] told her. It ,,cmocdliko it, on'd no alt itoigo to tin,. guddenfy a paer of whit, arm, were thrown aecoad hi, aetok and a great red ,uscerwa, orueted to p1occ. agatist hi. waiet Otlertert ? oh, tfeobert !hocc dci~d~fcc* I Den't look liketht.ln, ycn frighten meo1 fir ma.O atrictng in tree himielf, tnt ihe moenicd oct !ot him go. " Dearest, ynn cleat underntandf, Tho :srutc to me, My fnther ha, turned w. teem the houae, ooccccnccl..i ccc to hocr on o?thur came, diascwned in.. tic brnce, Mdaria~nror e muit part. t am heroconly to tell yec thte, and to ai*d yeo farewe~ll." ,it,*' aho woold net tot tho go. " 'oc mitt do ncoic?lg of it.he or al,*r I'l neut he tihrowen over ic that fashion," ah. eaoid itruR~ngfo to emotic throcgh hr tonrs. " Aod IIet,,toh, at eirbert t hew ill yin took I Yoo've boon oct all night." Ho did net deny it, but eagain he troe to disengege himself. But she wuld have none ef it. onltrtle, dearest," she spoke eheeorfully, ithough her oye were still swimming with learn, ,you mustn't think that ye're golng to get rid ol ad in this waey. You've jaet got to om into l breakfht with mse, eand afterweards we'll tell grennle all about iL Come along, ei, I Insisbt." le braced himself up for reeistanee, but he had still to learn that gnint a woman' lveon a nn's will can preval nothing. At Erlet he ws firm, then wavering, and finally he wasee led in teriumph acoroe the smooth lawn nd aloing the winding path eto the French window of the moreing-roem. But when he fonnd himeelf face to ftee with the kind ld lady who haed loved hinm aser her own sen, and naw the ton trickle down her withered, applo-iod cheeke as tho tlitend to the tale which Merlin poured out, he felt then he had pesoed the limits ef nell endurance. For more that twenty-four hourn he had neither ieton nor drunk, and he wane sick at heart. Gradually ?mirian felt the arm, which the had drown tightly through hoer, grow heavier and heavier until at et ae she finished bar tale with , little burst of indignation, he sank balk in the arm-ohmir, and slowly fainted. But through the mist whieh oloeod in upon him he saw nothing obut kindly pitying facnes beeding over hi,, and heart GCInnle' gentle whilepor "I believe you, erberet" ad more emphatic but none the lean eaneet were her words, whose sweeat, tearytalned isae, so eloae to hie, was the last be hew when eo. oonsclunenoes was eleting In upon him. "So do I, Berlin, I hate Ltnoree," and sweeter thmn the most heert-stirring wusir were the following words she added And I love you better than over. Oh, Graneie, Grannie, he has feinted 1" CHAP'TERI. IlY l'OAPOLOGYa. Fortuno Is the etrangoet mletreaes man ever wooed. o Who ourt berho tha neu who deserves her the passes coer, and on him who dories her slnd takeh no paine to eocrahr h o r lavihels hoer favours. I am neof thonb to whom she han shown hoerlf moat kind. Many years ago I vowed my tleo away to one purpoe, and that partly an immoral one. It wa e purpose whioch held my ]if-. I swore t_ seek no cod apart from i e, oad I puet anway from my thoughts all joys teat were not Included in cito eoem. piiehmwnt. And yet, having kept my oath, I still preaose in the prime eo life ovary. thing whinth a man could wish foar. I eam rich, and wall thought of amongst my fetllows. I wammarledtothe woman wheom love and life in lowing oen with me an ncalmely aend peacefully as the murmuering waters a woodld stroeam in the middle of oummwer. And, nble a l, my heart is at sen, for I have kept my vow. She o a trangeo mwsetres indeed I No. thing have eI sought or deserved of her, yetl everythableogt I hve. Whilt he who was fr aoenvo me no hi deserving, and whoseo lfotfr. ingence o avr hime ith. rounghly undersatood, pcsoned threough a gloomy life, buletoe by eovery wind, trended by every tide of flortune; miundoertood. wronged, flsely aeoued, and ut rowly er?pod lteminieg in mens minds only ae s prototype of ae pa sionto too, erglvteg, ?uixoi l man. Toet the norui' may knoe him an he we, and ferm a btte.r judgmeent as to his oheraotr, I harvoe gathebred together the theads of my life indissolubly onnteeted with hi, and nhave teurned them inside out. I have never indulged myself with the feminine luxuorynit of a mary, but with a surer progreset theean ofe pe over papern has the record of my trange life bhon written into my mind; and en I toel it just as it all omehs beam to me, not asa professed story teller, witect hrmonioue dates and regular evolution ef plot, and neatly paged ehep. tore, but in l holder way, lenavng much to bhe guessed at, and owme things untold. If ther be any of them I gnae occasion to sponk estill amongst the living (my life bes so contracted of late that maeny heae pasted nut of its horizon), lot them remeaber for what purpose I write, and for its ake fer. tboear to complanin. I the wored were the ien, thean would mine be the pen of a ready writer, and I might be abke to tounh lightly on their d onrtcomengs, and gild over the black spots on my own lifae. But enough of exulne. I take up my pen a blunt l:oglethman, aen athlet rather tmhan a toholar, to write a plain story whiech shall iarne ent ht a eulogy, hut as a jwltification f the man to whom many years of my life hove been negrendginglr given. Let all these who mawy feel dipoea to cavil nt the disconnectodness ofe my looseely jointed story, remember this, and beo rilent. CHAPIER II. TriE FIRS?T CLOUD. About A mile seaward from Porlook, separated from it by a narew strip of the mowt luxuriant meadowland in Devonshire, lire the village of Boreington. Perhaps it were better called e hamlt, for ate the time when I know anything about it (whioh, let the tourist remember, is mwny years ago) it consisted but eof six or seven ottege, a farmhouse, and a halfruined old manor house, for the privilege of living in which my father pid ten pounds a year, or some such trifling sum, to the neighbouring clergyman whose property it was. Ben what the place lteked in size was certainly atoned for-and more than atoned for-by the beauty of Its situatlion. Bigh ebovo It, like a wighty grotrotieg giant, rore liorelngton hleadland, covered always with a roft, springy turf, and glow. ing in midsummer with tIe brilliant ooiour. rg of rich puopl htether and yellow gorso. olten nave I rtood on its highest point, and weth my head barod to the strong fresh nreeze, watched the sun rles over the Dart moor Hills cod D hnkerry Beacon, and waited until it shed its first warm gleams on the white oottages end queer cla church. tower of ?otlook, which lay oluetlrod to. gother in plotueorlUo irregularity at the head of the little bay. And almost as often have I gazed upon theo wme scene from the nenoe spot by the lets distinct hut more harmonieou light of the full harvest moon, and have wondered in which gnieo it seemed the fairent. Behind iBosington lay Allorcombe oVoods, great true-ooored hills sloping on one ride down to the road which connected, end still coneocts, i'orlock with Minehead and the outeide world, end on the other, dee. cending preolpitonely to the sea ; so precipi. tously ldeeod that it teemed always a wonder to me how the thickly growing but stunted fir treon could preserve their shape end regularity. The descent from Berring. ton foadlind into i'orloek wan by e stoep winding path through Alloroeombo Woods, end many l time I have looked through the thin eoating of green loeaves upon the nbolds which tretoohed like a pioea of petohwork below down to the see, and wondered whether mny" other country In the world (I htd never boon Out of Devonshire then) could be more beautiful than this. Within a etone's throw of where the blue son of onr English Bay of Naplep rippled in on to the firm white rends, was the tgmble. down old building in which we lived. WChat there had boon of wall, had long before our time beon hidden by climbing pinnte and ivy, nod in rummeretime the piece lroeeo dietance romwhwbt resembied e gigantlc nosegny of nottogo roem,, jessamine, end other oreepieg dlower,. Trhere wee hot twall gerdeneane. enground, for lioranigton neadleed rote preolpltourly olose to the heokeof the hence, end in Irene tbeoren vt norspeofefreany..? sthndosrved neetehale foroane ortetwo feoor poenies,eondeiso e leeping pinee for the linky, rem- honed Bovonehire ted whewm ne kept to look elter eke-en wrere bet lee' hehitehle roocnc in veer wnnaonee.,i et thenynwere rutlielent, lee eour househoid woe neweall one. Styfither, moliere, sister, wyeell, nod e eounotry torveetocoeprisedte il. ?Vo never lendte rititor, onve oceeneionelly lien oloegyneecte lresiL'orlook. Wee noyer wenteenyewhere Weknewno one,and at etene~toen ymearnof ego en idea wrhioh hed been dereloping inI we for a long time, took to islf teD Ie bengibir rhepe of worde, " Father," I said to him one evenieg wheoue were sitting out apon our little strip of lawn together, he smoking, I envy ng hilm for being able to smokes, "do you know that I have never been out of Dovon shire-never booeen further than Exeter even, and I am eighteen years old "7' It was long before he answered me, and rheo, at last, he turned round and did so, I woas distressed to soe the look of deep oxlty In his worn, handsome face, and the trouhled light in his sotor eyes. "I know it, my boy," he said, pityingly. "I have boon expectinog this. You are weary of the country." I stood op, with my hands in my pockets. and my back against the latticed wall of the house, gazing overo the sparkling, donniog seon, to where, on the horionen, th starse eemed to stoop and moot it. Was I tired of this quiet home ! I oarcely knew ; country sports and ontry sights were donr to m t s aod I had no desire to leoe them for over. I thought of the fat trout in the Exord wstrems, oand the huntsman's rallyinog all from "t'other aide Dnkerry," and the woild birds that needed so muach getting and such quick firing, and of ths doeep seon fishing, and the shoti inp the oomb from Frmo, r I'utlsford'e boat, oand of the delighto shipping ona hot snmmer' doy and diving deep down into the cool obracing water. Why shold I wish to leave all this'. What should I he likethly to find pleesontor in the world of which, so yet, I h.o nothinog? For a moment or two I hesitated-bht it was only fnr a moment or two. The ruatloeesoss which had been growing up woithin meo for years was bullt upon na solid foundation, end wouold not b fleenood. "No, i'm not tired of the country, father," I answered, slowly. "I love it too maeh over to be tired ofit. aBut men don't generelly live all their lioves In ono p'aeo, do they without having any work or anything to do except enjoy themselves 7' And what should you like to h e" my father nwked, quickly. I had long ago made sp my mind upon that point, and was not slow to anuwer "I should like to be a soldiers," I do' olsrod, emphatically. I was very little propnred for the rusult sf my words. A spatm of whatseeomed to he the most acute pain psseod across my fathor's face, and he covered it fora moment with his hands. When he withdrew them ho looked lhie a ghost, denthly pale in the golden moonlight, and when he epoke his coice trembled with emotion. "God forbid that you should wish It seriously t" he said, " forit is the one thing which you can never be." " Oh, Hugh, you do not mean it really ; you do not wish to go away from us 1" I turned round, ,for the voice, a soft nnd guetlo one, was my mother's. She was standing In the open window with a fleecy white shawl around her read, and her eyes, the sweetest 1 over saw, fixed appealingly spon me. I glauecd from one to the other hlankly. for my disapoiutmont was greot. Then, like a flash, a sudden conviction laid hold of me. £hMru was some great and mystoriouo reason why we had lived o loung apart from the world. (To ho (b'Clnncd,.) 