THE- SUPERNATURAL IN SHAKSPERE. LECTURE BY MR. DE LISSA, B.A. ? ? At the Masonic Hall last night -Mr. Horace De Lissa, B.A;, delivered a very seholarly and instructive, address on the 'Supernatural in Shakspere' to a thoroughly appreciative audience. Rev. R. F. Beefier, B.A., wa9 in the chair. The lecturer pointed out that the super natural in Shakspere occurred chiefly in ' The Tempest,' ?' Midsummer Night's Dream,' ' Juliu3 Caesar,' ' Macbeth,' and less conspicuously in ' Richard the Third,' ' Henry the Eighth,' and 'Cymbeline.' It was worthy of notice in -Hamlet that the supernatural was only used to appeal to the character of Hamlet himself. A great critic con sidered that parts of the dialogue between Hamlet and the ghost were tne most perfect word-painting to be found in any literaenre. It wus the lecturer's opinion that for dramatic contrasts and weird word pictures the first place m»st be given to Macbeth, Comment was made on the -fuct that in no play of Sbakspere's did a saint occur, tbe nearest approach, to one being 'Isabella ' in ' Measure for Measure,' and the speaker considered ' Queen Catherine,' must be reckoned second. In a able analysis of the above men tioned plays, the lecturer skillfully brought out, and critically commented on the prominent parts where supernatural ism was to. be found in Shakspere, quo ting fieely to illustrate his meaning. The lecturer concluded by saying that the supernatural throughout the plays had inspired the mind of tbis great writer and thinker. Shakspere had given us poetry almost , as varied a? nature's world itself, which is varied in ruggedness and desolation, in beauty and simplicity, ami in the elements of force and life. Overshadowed by the wings of inspiration, Shakspere had left for man kind a glorious inheritance wbich would live for ever, bearing the passport of immortality.. Might wo not say to him in the words of one of the English poet — The wise shall knew tliec, And the good shall love, The age to come shall feci thy impress given In ail that lifts the race above itself, And stamps it with the seal of Heaven. 