, FASHION NOTES. ' / ? (B* DLTnnbELL.) f*# obi tan attend a. ball or other society fua«ti«n nowadays without cpticin^ bow t)|o ? uaodtrn Wow dolight» to drt«* hora-!f is i g«rgooutj apparel, and apnrklo in dimiiouds. At ono timo ia our rorld'a hjntor/, audi ewblttzonmcnt on tbo pxrt of anyono but' rojnltj would bo trwted' with imprisonment, j A&itigi; to havo ehunjjod ijltog'othcr in this yo-abead nipotoontb cont^jy. Royalty, on tho contrary, is dutingaiibod by it» «5m. olieitj. Tho uhobtrusiro stylo in whioh Royalty can dreaa and trarcl round i« enough to make auguit ; ghosts staro, Tsku, for iustanoo, our most granions Qaeen. On hor rscont vi«it to Nic#, ths Mi«tro«a of tho Rob»» and Roja] droasmakors had a rerj buxy timo propttriug hor ao«tum«i for Continental wear. Wo aro told |bat tho latoit indoor toilot of tbo Quten ia siuplioitr itMlf. and becomes h9r Majesty chartniajfly. Tho dreu iu a pjpjred dsalgn in black silk, ; and trimxosd with Ttlvct and satin. Tho oironlar skirt U full, and cut with thrss gores, the front one with the nnnotohsd, sido laid to tho fold of ths fabric, whieh a'roids a oontro loara. ^aehoftho front s«ams ia outlined with a narrow band of Ttlrot, with a tabbed ond a few inches from tho bottom, whfch is held .back bj a- black velrtt button. Tho bodies is ronnd at ths waist, where it is joinod bj a small circular besqno of satin, oorered with another basdvo outlined with black laco. Tha hanV «# A- I- ? two aido piocep, wkilo tbo front haa a tight fitting lining', oorered with b round yoko of ?relrot, jnet by tbo material front, which is pleated in tho ocntro of tho waist; -Tbo .bodice fastens in'centro of tho front, 'the doublo- bruasted' section hooking at tbo left side. The alcoves aro of tho now and fashionablo tuoked gigot design. Suoh is our Quean's latest in-door gown, and tbo cat that looked at her Majesty and then at her own mislrou would bo bound to scratch her head, and decide that bar xnistrcfts waa tho Qtscon, and the Queon soma other Mrs Smith. * -*?* . While talking of Royalty,* somo of tho ways of our Queen will not bo unwolcomo to our reader*. Wht-n her Majesty gets coin forl ably seatod ia the Royal traTelling saloon, sho quietly mnncbes a biscuit, and aftor baring been about threo-qaartara of an hour oa her jotxrnej she takos a fow tiny aand wiches. Theso aro great deUcacIos, and here la tho recipo. I Tako a doron of ronnd or oval rolls of | broad, abont tbo size of an egg. A small | pieoo ia out off tho top of each, about the etzo I of a half-crown, and all thoerumb is removed I from tho inside. These rolls aro then filled with tho following preparation. First shred I tho wbito meat from the breast of a roast chicken, aud put this in a basin. Then cut very fin® tho fillet* of six wasbod anchotjos, , and tonpue and drenied ham, oqual in quan tity to the chicken : add a few tihrcda of I Indian mango, a littlo ehoppod tarragon, ! and chcrvi], us seasoning. Thoso sandwich i rolls must be corcred with circular napkins ! until handed round. j vuo oa wie wuiui rnncesses, i near, has been in the sulks for thrco woeka, becauso she in not allowed to ride a hiojolo outside tho grounds. When admonishod sho an aounccd thpt if nho was forbidden a biojele she wouldn't dance, and forthwith shut herself up for threo weoks. Quito recently «he appeared »t a ball fur tho first time after the sttlks. SLo is doscribod as tho darling of tlio Court, this Princess ; sho ia lored by everybody, and ia immensely happy herself. Sho hait two tint boys, of whom sLo is very pruud. 