I; KATIE'S MARRIAGE.. CHAPTER -XV. . W hat is it Millie, .?" He drew my hand within his arm and held it. there,; looking down at me reproachfully. You look as pale as a ghost, and as absent-minded as a somnambulist! I don t believe you know a bit about all the splendid air castles I Lave been build ing, or even about my arrangements with painters and upholsters for that :more mundane house in which we are to dwell together ! Such abstraction , is neither flattering nor natural. Look at me in your old frank way, Millie, and tell me what is wrong !" ' . . * . The lialf-jesting 'affectionate appehl Went to my heart, and. I was about to respond with equal frankness and warmth ; but I' did' not," for something changed my purpose and, diverted his attention at the same moment. I looked straight ahead, and uttered a ; scared cry of recognition: " Oh, led, look-it is. Doctor La trobc!" "So it is, my dear, and driving at break-neck speed into Exeter ! I hope nothing is wrong at Elm Court!" I hope it still more-hoped it with such fervour that my heart seemed sud denly to stop beating ; but the fear that I should hear ill news of Kate was soon ..set,'iit rest. Doctor .Latrobe reined, in his horses as he neared us, and, raising his hat, said, with courteous haste- ° " Good day, Miss Iveane! . Good day, Mr. Cazenove ! I am fortunate to have caught you here-it will save my calling at Mrs'. Haughton's ; and time is a consideration, as X am on my way to town." " You meant to call ? You have a message for 1110, then ?" I asked eagerly while the old dissatisfied look darkened Ted's face. He thought, I fancy, that Boctor Latrobe intended to ask me to return to Elm Court during his absence, and by no means approved of the idea. " No "-the Doctor's glance rested with languid mcditativencss upon my face-" there, was no message exactly the idea of calling was entirely my own. [ thought you might be glad to. hear j that Kate seems quite' herself.1 to-day." " Quite herself!" I echoed the words in a tone of incredulity. _ ; _ He smiled, shook his lifad, and cried, with a mock-penitent air " I acccpt the correction, most skil ful nurse !... She is a little nervous-a little shaken in some ways," ho added slowly, and, after a pause, "in some ways strangely unlike herself perhaps, but off the sick-list. I told her I should sec you, and asked for a message ; but she said, beyond her love there was none to scud, a ssho mennt to write to von to night." " lo. write!" I could only repeat the words stupidly. What should Kate want to write about to me, when, if well, she could come out to visit, and, if ill, knew she had but to summon 1110 ? "That I cannot say !" It made me start to hear Doctor Latrobe answer my puzzled thought as though I had given utterance to it; but I suppose perplexity was plainly written in my face. « But I' am sure you need have no more uneasiness about Kate,. Miss Keane: I. have .none. Tho attack was a sharp one while . it. lasted ; but she is young and healthy, if not over- strong, aiid there is a wonderful recuperative power in beautiful youth." He shook his head again with a smile, half plajful, half sad-a smile that seemed to lament the loss of his own-then looked at his watch, and went on in a brisker tone-" But I must make haste, or I shall lose my train. Good-bye, Miss Keane! I have never thanked you yet for all your good offices-You have done me a better service than you.think." "I ?'' I opened my eyes widely at this ; but he answered, with the same grateful haste "\es, you have been a good angel to, Ivate and me-perhaps she means to tell you that when she"writes. She told me, when I bade her'< Good-bye/ that on', my return I should find her' quite happy and quite well.' Her own words Tj assure you-and good hearing, were they j not? Now I really must go,"if,I am to be in town to-night : and my business there can hardly wait. Good day, .andl once more, a thousand grateful thanks !" A wave of the liat, a touch to the impatient horses, and the mail phaeton was soon out of sight. I stared after it in a stupid bewildered way, then turned again to Ted, and asked, rather wist fully- ' "Why should I distrust, and-yes, there is no other word for.it, dear-loathe that man as I do ? He always says and does the right thing, so far as my ex perience goes, and yet " "And yet you'would prefer him if he continually said and did the wrong one in 'a more genuine John Bull" fa?hion," Ted inteiposed, with an indulgent smile. " Sheer perversity on your part, my dear ! I begin to suspect you of possessing a quite exaggerated share of the natural wrong-headedncss of your sex !" _ "Now, Ted !" I protested, a little in dignant at this undeserved charge';, aiid I think he.was glad to have roused 111 v spirit over a personal matter at last, for he - would not let me speak, but hurried on quite gleefully- : . " Now, Millie, we won't have any more of this nonsence, or I shall grow jealous of Doctor Latrobe !" " Jealous !" I echoed, with unaffected horror. . '' Yes-jealous, madam ! I think the silvery-haired deceiver occupies' too large a portion of your thoughts. It is nll^ very well to label these ' dislike,' 'distrust,' 1 repulsion,'and so on ; but there are such tilings as the attraction of repulsion, the fascination of dislike, and so-". "And so-you are' an-awful goose when you like, Ted." I broke in laughingly. "Couie, I must make a bargain, I suppose-spare, me any more of those dreadful mock heroics, and for the: next twenty-four hours I promise not- to mention the name of Doctor La. trobe!" " Or think of him ?" Ted questioned tragically ; then, relapsing into a more colloquial tone-" But I.am not exacting Millie. ; I will bo content,for tho present with that. Now that bogey is banished, let us talk of our noble selves." (To be Continued;. 