FOOTBALL NOTES BY MARKWELL. HARD-EARNED WIN. Early morning showers fell upon grounds previously soddened, and caused Saturday afternoon's proceedings on the football field to be as disagreeable and distressing to participants as the worst enemies to the game could desire. Up at Fitzroy the match with Port Melbourne was carried on in a quagmire that went far towards spoiling what under favourable conditions must have proved a particularly interesting struggle. The fact that it was not alto- gether spoilt was due entirely to the calibre of the performers, the majority of whom went into the conflict with the greatest earnestness, and battled manfully through mud and slush, giving a numerous assemblage of onlookers fair value for their sixpences. There was to be sure, men on both sides to whom the state of the ground was insurmountable, and in this respect, I fancy the home team were the heavier suf- ferers, for Banks, who is as a rule an in- valuable member, was practically anchored all through, and incapable of anything save an occasional characteristic long punt. The teams were, however, admirably matched, and the encounter, though mainly of the ruck-and-crush order, was spiritedly main- tained until within a few minutes of the finish, when the visitors, after missing a couple of chances that might just have won them the game, appeared to lose heart, and eased off most palpably. Possibly the rattle with which they acquired their latest opportunities was their expiring effort, and their after-impotence may have been at- tributable to their exhaustion. But what- ever its cause, their falling off was taken full advantage of by the maroons, who, finishing like lions, landed a substantial win in very commendable fashion. The engage- ment was remarkable in that, although there was no wind to speak of, and what there was blew transversely over the enclo- sure, all the scoring both in goals and be- hinds were confined to one end. The nearest approach to a notch at the other end was made by the Portsmen, for whom C. Monagle and Daly, from well within range, shot very wide at the opening. Apart from the ruck, wherein both teams were ably manned, the finest feature of the match was the skill exhibited by the de- fenders in either company. High-marking was necessarily at a premium, but there was shown a deal of clever handling, and occasionally spectators were treated to an astonishingly brilliant spurt with ball. Amongst the Fitzroyites there was per- haps no one who stood out very conspicu- ously above his fellows. The bulk of them maintained an average of excellence that was distinctly high. McMichael once more defended splendidly, always accurately judging the flight and bounce of the ball and very rarely missing his kick. He was at his best half-back early in the game, where for a while he appeared unaided to cope successfully with the full force of many very determined Port Melbourne advances. He was likewise, late in the day, very busy on the ball, notwithstanding that his soli- tary shot for goal was an unequivocal failure. Every Fitzroy barracker must have been delighted with P. Hickey's dashes from the half-back line in the con- cluding quarter; and no fault could be found with Reynolds, who stuck faithfully to his post right back, and pulled his side out of many a difficulty. Of the centre line, Dalton appeared least hampered by the mud; and Kiernan and Muirhead though lighter than others of the forwards, did their share and a trifle more of the attacking. Sloan's labours in the ruck were solidly valuable, and neither McSpeer- in nor M. Grace shirked his responsibili- ties in the same department; whilst Cleary forward and following was as active and efficient as any man in the team. An im- mense quantity of first-class work was done on one wing by Hickey. He proved himself the most brilliant of the Portsmen, but he once or twice displayed a want of delicacy in the matter of handling an opponent. W. Monagle on the ball played a great game, and his, efforts were ably seconded by O'Brien, whose handling and passing were neat and artistic. Fitzpatrick as rover gave a really good account of himself through out the match; and McGee and McGregor on the centre line had rather more say in the game than their respective antagonists. Johnson and Daly shaped meritoriously forward, though their performances were quite overshadowed by the displays of Gibson and Freame amongst the defenders. Carter's umpiring afforded a satisfaction to both players and spectators. It was not marred oy over-officiousness, nor were any serious breaches of the rules allowed to go unpunished. I have no hesitation in af- firming that his connection with the game was distinctly beneficial to it, and I may add that I have this year seen few of our more experienced umpires shape so well. A CRUSHER FOR CARLTON. With a full team of their best Carlton would have been all too weak to withstand their ancient and formidable opponents of Melbourne, but lacking the services of Aitken, Balharry, Ocock, and Ashton, all of whom were under the ban of disqualifica- tion, they simply had not a ghost of a show. The reds swept all before them, piling up goal after goal in the opening term, and later on apparently refraining from estab- lishing a record only out of consideration for the feelings of their unfortunate foes. There was clearly no overmastering desire on the part of Jo. Wilson and his team to annihilate the men in blue, though they very cleverly succeeded in disguising their magnanimity during the greater part of the engagement. To a spectator of not too keen perceptive powers, it doubtless ap- peared that the redlegs scored as much and as often as they were able; but as a matter of fact they did nothing of the kind. Possibly their forwards made a show of trying hard to turn chances into goals, though even this was doubtful in an in- stance or two. But where the power of the team was most skilfully veiled was in the general play away from the posts. Here it was noticed how frequently the stars of the company spoilt one another in their attempts at marking, and how little there was of concertedness about their actions as a team. It is a certainty their tussle with South Melbourne this afternoon will be characterised by an entirely different plan of procedure. McGiniss fairly romped over his Carlton adversaries, whilst playing with the finish of a champion; and in proof of his eager- ness to excel, his contribution of three fine goals may, I think, be accepted. Sholl, who is this year in the best of form, was the pick of all the placed men; and his co- wingman, Sheehan, had likewise much the better of his man. Jo. Wilson did excel- lently forward, where Moysey, although too frequently penalised for throwing little marks, showed decided improvement upon his form of the week before. McCulloch excelled himself in the ruck, where both Powell and Irvine gave him powerful assistance. The backs of the team cannot expect much praise for the parts they enacted during the match. Indeed, if one may take the word of a dis- satisfied supporter, they helped their oppo- nents more often than they helped them selves, and they seemed to have no object in view, but to prevent one another getting the ball. I have omitted Leith from amongst the forwards, not because he shaped poorly in most respects against his last year's club, but because of the all but monotonous con- stancy with which he missed the opening. Few players in the match did better work than Blake, the captain of the Carlton. If a limitless expenditure of energy, added to great ability, on his part had been suffi- cient to save his side it certainly would have been saved, for he never once hesi- tated to plunge into the thick of the en- counter, and he rarely failed to make his presence evident. His faculty for picking out and kicking to his man was deservedly applauded. Little Hannah is another Carl- ton representative whom praise is due. His display roving was hardly second to that of anyone save McGiniss in the ranks of the enemy. Casey and Armstrong were worthy triers on the wings, and Walton battled gallantly in defence. The match was most capably umpired by McCoy. A WILD BEAST SHOW. Nothing too hard could be written concern- ing the dastardly conduct of the male and female savages who assailed Umpire Roberts at the conclusion of last Saturday's match at North Melbourne. The wretched affair was a disgrace to the game, a disgrace to civilisa- tion, and more than a disgrace to the body in whose hands the ground is vested. It is understood that neither the North Melbourne Cricket Club nor North Melbourne Foot- ball Club has any voice in the management of the ground; consequently it is but just to acquit them both of all responsibility for what occurred. The assault upon the um- pire was made in the reserve, the particular section of the ground that should come directly under the supervision of the trustees, and for every blackguardly item of the dis- creditable scene of the trustees must be held to be culpable. The reserve I would point out, differs from members' reserve at most cricket-grounds. Members of the cricket and football clubs and the privileged guests of both are admitted to it, but in addition every common barracker and low ruffian who put up his extra sixpence is at liberty to enter and not only to enter, but to disgust the more respectable section of the occupants with the vilest of language, and even, as Saturday's proceedings testify, to batter in- offensive and unprotected umpires. It is high time steps were taken either to oust the present authorities from power by taboo- ins the ground altogether for football to teach them and people similarly placed in other districts a lesson that will not easily be forgotten. Heaven knows the game has sunk suffi- ciently low in the estimation of the public without hastening its demise by permitting a scene of savagery such as that under notice to go unpunished. I am strongly of opinion that many of the cowardly participants in the attack upon Roberts can be identified, and I would urge the V.F.A. to insist upon the trustees taking immediate action against all known offenders. There can be no diffi- culty, for example, in bringing to punish- ment the brazen-faced shrew who, before the eyes of everyone in the reserve, struck Roberts in the face as he entered the gate at half-time; nor should it be hard to lay hands on the scoundrel who was seen during the melee vigorously wielding what looked like a bar of iron concealed in wrappings of brown paper. And there must be at least half-a- dozen others against whom a true bill could be made out. A month or two in Pentridge would cool the ardour of these excitable and ruffianly barrackers, and the warning would not be thrown away upon their fellows—male and female—in other football centres. The part played by females, not only in last week's occurrences, but on previous occasions as well, in the same enclosure, would disgrace the slums of the city. I am assured by members of at least one visiting team that the North Melbourne "ladies" who take up their positions on the steps of the pavilion make it a common practice to drive their huge hat-pins to the bone in the legs and arms of opposing players passing in to the dressing-room. All things considered, I can see nothing for it but to cancel all fixtures on the ground for the remainder of the year. Upon the players of North Melbourne praise rather than censure must be bestowed for the stand they, in common with mem- bers of the Collingwood team, took against the crowd. It was mainly owing to their protection that Roberts escaped without serious injury, and three men in particular were gallantly conspicuous in their efforts, to defend him. These were McDougall and J. Taylor of the home team, and the burly and good-natured Proudfoot of Collingwood. How much they exposed themselves in order to save poor Roberts will be understood from the fact that the first and the last of the trio were were knocked senseless during the conflict; whilst Taylor does not know how he managed to get through without serious damage. I would like to point out that it is possible, though I sincerely trust improbable, that similar scenes may occur at grounds other than North Melbourne. At Colling- wood, Port Melbourne, South Melbourne, and even at Melbourne, the umpire has to make his way through a crowd somewhat mixed in character, in going to and from the dressing-room; and I would suggest that wherever it is feasible both the umpire and the visiting team should be accommodated with rooms altogether removed from the outside throng. Where this cannot be done sufficient police protection should certainly be afforded them. I own that I have some apprehensions for the safety of the team that this year inflicts upon Collingwood their first defeat at Victoria-park. Nevertheless, I am persuaded that neither Mr. E. L. Wilson nor any member of the Collingwood committee will neglect to take all possible precautions. MAGNIFICENT STRUGGLE. All that the Northerners urge against Roberts is that he was rather rough upon them in connection with little marks during the opening term. They say he took from them marks that were perfectly legitimate, and so hampered their play at the start that Collingwood went clean away from them, but they acquit him entirely of intentionally de- frauding them. After the first quarter and right on until near the close of the day he gave them every satisfaction; and the action of the pavilion barrackers came upon them as a surprise. They attribute it all to the in- tense excitement aroused by their grand recovery in the second term, and by the desperate character of the play all through the latter half. From disinterested sources I gather that the contest was as fine as any seen for years, and that, although the arena was in the worst possible condition, the quality of the play all round could hardly be surpassed. The greater share of credit was due to the home company for their gallant battling against a team physically their superiors, and under circumstances wherein weight was a mighty consideration. There was, until towards the close, quite enough pace in the proceedings to suit the most exacting, and it was only exhaustion both of players and umpire that late in the day caused the rate of going to be retarded. North will not admit it, but it was a fact nevertheless that their visitors showed rather the sounder staying powers. It was in consequence of this that the con- cluding few minutes went very near producing a sixth goal for the magpies. After half-time Collingwood put on four behinds. one of them a poster, and North one behind only. As a rule the marking of the conquerors gave them an advantage that was all but counteracted by the clever ground play of their adversaries; and during the bulk of the engagement the football exhibited by the latter was no whit inferior to that shown by Collingwood. It was a thousand pities for so great a game to be followed by the reprehensible pro- ceedings dealt with above. Little Grierson was a most conspicuous labourer in the local ruck, quick, clever, and uncompromising from the start, and Graham and Torpey (a recruit from Melrose juniors) were his constant and most valued allies. Stuckey, E. Launder, and McDougall de- fended in splendid style, and J. Taylor back and forward, Larkin and Snow in attack, Montgomery on the wing, and H. Launder roving, all threw themselves into the fray with a spirit that was difficult to subdue. Indeed, there was not a man on the side but played a million per cent. better than in the preceding match at Melbourne. For the winners Monaghan (back) marked, dashed, and kicked better than any other in the game; and Arnott, Stock, Hall, Strickland, and Dowdell in their respective departments shone with unquenchable brilliancy; I had almost forgotten to state that the home company were practically a man short for more than half the game, as Noonan, while shaping excellently, was knocked out during the second quarter, and did next to nothing for the remainder of the day. A TAKING GAME. Visitors to the St. Kilda ground were treated on Saturday to as pleasing an exposi- tion of football as could be wished. The Saints, true to their past history, sailed in at the start with immense vigour and propor- tionate ability against Geelong, and in the course of not more than a quarter hour they had rattled up a succession of five goals, whilst their paralysed opponents had not got off the mark. During this transcendent burst the locals would have beaten any team that ever played the game; but they found themselves hard enough beset after the change, with Geelong, taking advantage of the breeze that was so slight that it had not previously been noticed, exactly reversed the proceedings, making up all their leeway, and deserving upon the play a very sub- stantial lead before the half-time interval. Nothing tangible was registered during the third term, though the encounter was always full of merit. Geelong had every reason for thinking the game a fair certainty at the start of the final, for the scores were equal and the wind was at their backs. They were, however, disappointed. The Saints rushed the ball through a moment after the bounce, and thence to the finish they held possession of the game, their visitors meanwhile falling rapidly to pieces. Taking the match as a whole, the winners secured nothing more than they were entitled to, but they were un- questionably lucky in retaining all through the services of their full team, whilst their victims lost Wheatland very early in the day, and their crack rover and defender, Hy. McShane, was off the field and unconscious for almost the whole of the final quarter. Geelong people say the match ought to have been won for them in the second quarter, when they put up 5 goals 5 behinds to nothing, and missed several easy things besides. High praise must be accorded to Collins and O'Grady for their fine defence of the St. Kilda goal in the last term, during which period tbey denied their assailants even a solitary chance. Other great men on the side of the victors were Phillips in the centre, the pick of the twenty; Jennings, Aylwin, and Jones amongst the backs; Stewart, R. Robertson, and young Dunne in front of goal; Archer and Matthews on the ball; and Shaw roving. The cream of Geelong were E. Rankin and Parkin follow- ing; Thompson, McCallum, and Brockwell on the centre line; and Foote, Conway, and H. McShane amongst the backs. Captain Burns marked in tip-top style, and kicked a couple of thrilling goals quite in his old form. The injuries that caused the retirement of Wheatland and H. McShane were purely accidental, and the same was played through out in friendly spirit. It is, I think, all five years since Geelong won a match at St. Kilda. They do not, however, in any way blame Umpire Shaw for their latest disap- pointment. They are magnanimous enough to state that tbe veteran administrator got through his work in most satisfactory fashion. Old Jo has the rare faculty of keeping himself and his trumpet well out of sight whilst the game is in progress, with both teams playing genuine football. Under such circumstances he winks both eyes at trifling infringements. What a boon it would be if his brother umpires could be in- duced to use the like discretion. PACE AND PRECISION. Essendon's win against Footscray was due to their vastly superior sprinting capacity, added to the marvellous accuracy of their goal makers. In ruck play, at high-marking, and generally on the wings, the men from be- yond the scent factories were masters of the situation; but they failed to see the way many of their opponents went in the matter of running with the ball, and they could but gaze admiringly, though helplessly, upon the precision of the marksmen. Of all the runners Officer was the champion, eclipsing even Campbell the flier, and leaving far in his wake gifted pedestrians like Stuckey and Anderson. These four, with Vautin, who was in great fettle, gave Footseray forwards much more trouble than was agreeable; and the red and blacks had their fine performers in Barry, roving; Wright and Russell, on the middle line; Groves, a new man, back and following, and Waugh, Sykes, and freshman Croft among the forwards. The soundest of wing men throughout the contest was Evans, whose associates in the centre, Grunden and Williams, likewise rendered sterling service. Powell and Drew were the safest of backmen, Clayton was the pick ot the for- wards; and Dickens, Harris and Arm- strong in the neighbourhood of the ruck were rarely beaten. The match was capably umpired by Crapp. NONE TO CLEVER. There was nothing to boast about in the play of either the Southerners or the Towns- men at the battery reserve, and for this cir- cumstance the sloppy ground was as much to blame as was the packing of too many men on the ball. Escept during the second quarter, the Hiilites had rather the call in general matters, though they were never very skilful in their tries for goal. Their margin at the finish was rather below what might have been expected from a team that has premier- ship aspirations. They had good men back in McCartney, Minahan and Toms. They were supreme across the centre, where Howson, O'Hara and Southern made the pace. The absence of McKay and Fraser weakened the forward section ; but with Gibson, McArthur, and at times Pleisse, Swannie, and Little in the ruck, and Windiey roving, the opposing followers were hopelessly out-played. The Townsmen's more deserving men were Warren everywhere; Griffin, roving; Thompson on the wing, Barclay and Ogilvie back, and Harding following. Their missing friends were McCubbin, Kenny, Bristow, and Riley, rather a formidable quartet to have upon the shelf. STARTLING SUGGESTION. Vital changes in the constitution of the V.F.A. are, it is said, under secret considera- tion. The necessity has been felt, they say, by the wealthier and stronger clubs to counteract the effect of Mr. Marshall's sug- gestion about sharing the profits equally all round; and the prospective departure will probably be in the direction of greatly reduc- ing the number of clubs in the association. Nothing definite is known at present; but that negotiations have progressed to fairish length is evidenced in the satisfied smiles worn by certain well-known delegates, as well as by the hints, not to say threats, contained in a speech by Mr. J. Sloss, of South Mel- bourne, at the last meeting of the association. It is unwise to discuss a proposal of which nothing is known for certain, consequently I shall content myself just now with merely stating that there is something startling in the wind. 