SOME BOOKS. T. Fisher Unwin deems evidently that it is the business of the publisher to bring out books which will sell, and amuse, and die. It is safe to say that no other printer has introduced more of the ephemera of literature to the world. The last of his autonym library ' The Sceptre of Strathan nan and other stories,' by W. E. Norris, is safe to have a fair, circula tion, to oe voted as worth its. price and then to be thrown aside. The six short stories, which the book contains are all amusing and interesting. One concerns a man 'who read a pamphlet about Freetrade until his mind was agreeably confused ' then went to bed and, of course, saw ghosts ; another deals with a man who had false teeth and finds out their relation to tbe marriage question ; and so on. No particular good is served by the publication of such books, but they : are amusing, and they sell. ' Our Widow ' is a bright vivaci ous ^ tale by Florence Warden of a widow lady who came as a paying guest to the house of Mr. Frewen, a sol icitor, with a batch of pretty brisk daughters. The daughters have no lik ing for chaperones and get into some queer scrapes, and there is a detectivo mystery involved in the store. When to all this is added a good literary style what better novel could be desired pour ?passer le temps ?. ' Mr. L. Alden in ' Among the Freaks' has published a series of humorous sketches and stories of an American Dime show. The stories are greatly helped by good illustrations. , Their character may be setdown as broadly far cial, and further exposed by their titles, 'The Wild Man of Borneo,' ' A Gorilla Romance,' 'The N'Shugio Gumbo,' ' Tho Baby Show,' and others. ' For the enjoyment of a couple of hours of ' laughter the book can be reccomended. The peasant life of the Scotch has engaged of late the attention of many novelists— Barrie, Crockett and & host of others,. All neatly have taken the same nnf.n ? fJinf. r\i hnrnm* rA)innAJ mii l. ? ii ? — louoygu Wiuu paiiLJUS. Doctor Congalton's Legacy,' by Henry Johnston, is full of good Scotch fun, and yet has a. strong under current of sadness. The interesting record of a will forms the motif for the story, which is among the first-class of. new works of fiction. 'All these books conic to . us from George Robertson and Co., through Mr. L. D. Marshall of this city. 