MRS. TREGASKISS A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN . LIFE. By MES. CAMPBELL FRAED. Authoress of 'An Australian Heroine,' ; 'Policy and Passion,' 'Nadine,' 'Miss : Jacobsen's Chance,' 'Arina,' s 'The j Romance of a Station,' and (in conjunction with Mr. Justin McCarthy) 'The Right; Honorable,' ' The Ladies' Gallery,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. AU rights reserved.] Chapter XXX.— Outside the Cave. Mrs. Hilditch was standing not far from the boulders when Clare emerged from the cleft in advance of Geneste. He and she both had the feeling of being detected criminals. The numuiation was nomoie ana maae ware more recklessly determined to fling off falsities, i Gladys had sensed the situation, and Clare's face confirmed her suspicions. She knew that there had been a critical love scene — guessed that Geneste had persuaded Clare to run away ; with him. Gladys was so happy herself that ; her whole being throbbed in sympathy with love, even though it might be of an illicit kind. , She felt a guilty spasm of joy at the thought that Clare had determined to take tbe law into her own hands; and then, frightened at her self for being glad, Gladys resolved to fight as faras shecould on the side of conventionality and the children. ' Ah, the children ! That was just all that mattered,' Gladys said to herself too.- ! 'Clare,' she whispered, 'I have been looting for you. I am afraid Mr. Tregaskiss ; is angry ar your being out so long. They've ' all come Isack. Helen and Mis3 Lawford have gone to bed, and I let Mr. Tregaskiss think that you were in the cave too.' ; 'That was very devoted of you, Gladys,, to tell a lie for my sake,' Clare answered in an' odd tone. ' But I think we'll undeceive Keith now. We are not going to have any more lies— aftor to-night.' i ' Clare, do you mean ? ' | At that moment Geneste came up to them and said in his self-possessed manner— 'lam afraid it is very late, Mrs. Hilditch, and the fault is mine of keeping Mrs. Tregaskiss out. It's a lovely moonlight night, isn't it? I think I had better go to my camp now, and I hope you ladiea won't find the cave very un comfortable. Good-night.' He shook hands formally with Gladys, but did not say anything to Clare. ] To Gladys the omission was significant ; to Clare a recognition on his part of their new relation towards each other and of her declara tion that there were to be no more lies. He walked away in the direction of one of the , camp fires— the furthest— where Blanchard and Martin Cusack were sitting. Close by the biackboys lay wrapped in their blankets, having heaped their smouldering log with twigs to make a smoke against the mosquitoes. The horses had got as near to the smoke, too, as they dared, aud were whisking th*ir tails and making the bells round their necks jingle as they jerked their heads. ? Beside the fire nearest the cave Tregaskiss, Shand, and the Gulf man were lounging, their ; pipes alight, their guns at their feet, and two or three dead pelicans and several brace of wild duck on the ground outside the tent. They were talking noisily, discussing the evening's sport, and Clare, as she walked close by, beard Tregaskisssay, 'By Jove, I'm sorry nowldidn't let the picauinny come. It would have been a regular adventure for her and would have cleared her head of that witch rubbish. She's kept too much at home aud stuffed with fairy - tales and rot. I'm not going to have it any longer ; she shall ride about with me, and, my ; word, she'll soon be sitting a buckjumper. | There's not a seat on the Leura can beat hers.' ; 'Where's Ning, Mr. Tregaskiss?' Gladys called out. not for .the sake of information, but as something to say that he might know they were near. ? . j Tregaskiss looked up and saw his wife. His face flushed with anger. 'So it is you, at ; last!' he growled with scant ceremony. 'I | guessed you weren't in the cave. About time, isn't it, for decent folks to come in and go to i bed ? I sent Ning hours ago, but 1 suppose j her mother was too well occupied to see after her.' i 'Ning always puts herself to bed, you know,' cheerfully observed Gladys. ; 'And her mother hears her say her prayers !' sneered Tregaskiss. 'The prayers went to the wall to-night. I hate damned hypocrisy.' I ' Can't I do anything for you, Mrs. Tregas- I kiss?' cried Mr. Bhaud coming forward and trying to create a diversion in his usual clumey i fashion. 'I beg your pardon, I'm sure; I didn't see you. Look at our bags \ These ' pelican skins are going to be cured for trim ming a dress or cloak, or something for King. It's awfully like grebe, isn't it? , , , , Oh, yes, the mosquito nets are sluug up, Mre. Hilditch, aud I do hope you won't get much bitten. Good night, Sure I can't do any thing,' and be left them in front of the tar paulm which protaeted the entrance to the cave, having, as Glady's gratefully observed, , covered their retreat. Mrs. Tregaskiss pushed aside the tarpaulin, ! No light but that of the moon was in the cave, . but it was sufficient to show the row of forms stretched on narrow beds of heaped grass and leaves over which waterproof sheeting and blankets had been spread, though features i eould not ba distinguished. Shu purposely avoided looking at tho furthest recess, whicn, bu'mg Martially screened by a projecting pieoo of j'ock and eo ail'ordiug a little privacy, had been arranged by Gejjosto for Clare and Ning, It seemed impossible to Clare that she could spend the vest of that night by \\\er child's side —the child whom slie had foresworn an hour ago, a»d whom Bhe woujd desert on the mor row, Something clutched at her mother's heart then, but she shook j-erse]f fret? from the thought of those helpless babes, tolling refuge in that of hey pledge to Geuesta. $he would force herself to fceep jt ; she would uot gkjwso herself to the chauce of another struggle} she would abstain as far as she could from looking into her child's face, She stooped and picked up a watenH'OQf that la,v near the tarpaulin curtain, 't'lii »ot going to sloop in iliwe,' tsliy said, 'jt's too fitting. I slmJl lie dawn on the rock outside. ' , Gladys tried to dissuade Jior, »' «i»g wight awftliB aud be frightened,' ??Them will he pjputy to comfort her,' said the mother etill ill that odd voice, Gladys took «? blanket {mm her own oouoli, which was nearest the entrance, ' Well, you shall have this to lie upon. Come and we'll find a cosy place. But, oh, the mosquitoes ! You will be eaten alive and made hideous.' 'I'll tie my veil round my face,' said Clare ; aud Gladys gave way, remarking that she sup posed snakes were as likely to be inside as out. They found a hollow on the waterfall platform, sheltered on two sides and with a rocky floor. Gladys spread the blanket and went back for an armful of leaves and grass. Clare sat down ; she would not lie, saying she was not sleepy. 'Neither am I. And I've got something to tell you. I want you to know that I am very happy.' '1 knew that already, Gladys.' 'Oh, you couldn't help knowing. It's in my-very self and comes out at the pores of my skin.' ' And from your eyes and in your laugh and in_ the tone of your voice— since yesterday,' said Clare. 'Ah, I only knew for certain last night. I don't deserve it. I've been so bad ; I'm not worthy of him. But that's the beauty of love, Clare. It's— it's like the salvation through Christ. Nothing matters— not even badness, for love washes it all away. Oh, my dear, nothing matters but love, aud money is of no account whatever.' ' You'll lose your money. Oh, no— I quite agree with you, that it is not of the least con sequence—if the love lasts.' ' It will last ; it has lasted without a shadow of change— in me anyhow — since the first moment I saw him. And I was married then, and I suppose it was wicked of me to care for him. Well, I couldn't help it. And through all that time of misery and humiliation and iuuciiucs3 x iiiicw buc*b uiy KJiiiy nujjtr lily Limit?. That was why I came out. I meant to make him marry me.' ' And you have succeeded ?'' 'Not quite yet; but he won't break his word now that he has given it. I had to make him ask me. He fought hard against it. It was all my wretched money and his pride, and to-night we fought a battle to the death over it, and I killed his pride and he had to ac knowledge himself conquered.' Clare pressed her friend's hand, but made no response. Gladys knew why she could not speak, and went on. 'Of course we shall be dreadfully poor, but I shall get him home and the things will come right with his father. And I shall wait and save— Idon'tmind cheating Mr. Hilditeh's heirs that way. And I've got a balance of nearly £2,000, and we shall manage somehow— and I mustn't buy any more lace. Clare, darling, I want to thank you— to thank you with all my heart for having me here, aud giving me the chance of getting near him, and of finding out that he did love me after all.' The women kissed each other. ' Clare,' wfcispered Gladys. ' Oh, my poor dear, I'm so sorry for you.' ' There's no need.' ' Yes, there is. Do you think I don't know ? You and I have been bound by the same chain ; we've suffered in the same way aud we both know the hideousness of it. Clare, there's nothing in the whole universe eo good as love and there's nothing in the world so immoral as living with a man you can't care for when you love another man. Listen ; if you were going away with Dr. Geneste to- morrow, if it wasn't for the children, I'd say you were doing right !' ' And the children !' Clare spoke a3 quietly as though the affair concerned another person ; only the twitch in her voice betrayed her emotion. She admitted nothing. Gladys knew that she would not acknowledge her intention, but none the less was Gladys sure of it. 'The children make the wrong. Oh, it would be a crime — a cruelty — to leave them. Clare — you are not meaning that '/' Clare made no reply. 'Think,' pleaded Gladys. 'He would marry again. Think of poor little King and the baby ! And astepmother — or worse.' Clare shuddered, but still said nothing. 'Clare,' cried Gladys desperately, 'you won't speak ; you won't tell me anything ; you are stone outside, but do you think I don't know that you aresufiering tortures f ' I am— suffering tortures. I want to end them.' ' Oh, how can you fancy that you will end them by running away V The children will haunt you to your life's end.' Still silence. Gladys went on. 'Tako them with you. Go and live your own life ; you are justified— if you go alone. But, oh, wait for that other love life. Wait anyhow a few months— a few years. You don't know what may happen. Something, perhaps, which would put you iu the right and give you freedom. Don't put yourself in the wrong first. Go aivay if you like, but alone with the children.' 'You forget that I have no money to live an independent life with.' 'What does that matter? I have enough to help you.' 'You forget, too,' said Ciare slowly, ' that they are my husband's children, and that I have not the right to take them away from him ' Gladys made au impatient gesture. ' He would not dare to go to law.' 'I can't enter into that, I suppose there's such a thing as moral right, and bad as 1 may be iu some ways I feel the justioo of that. Ho loves Njup better than I do. What is natural instinct with him has only been duty with me. Gladys,' she added, ' don't Jet us speak of that any more. You are a good woman aud a true friend, and I tliank yon with my whole heart. But you can't judpe for me, I uiust choose my own path aud go were it leads me. ' 61io got up as she spoke from her leaning posture; it was a tign of dismissal. Gladys was not, perhaps, altogether sorry that for the time she must close the discussion, Chris had shut herself up in a chamber of reserve to which she could not jwuetrate, Gladys knew that Clare must be meditating some decisive) stun— guessed indeed what this step wan, but had no idea that it iyas likely to ;.be put immediately into execution, She could not run A way with Pi', Gwjusce that night, at any rate, and Gladys was herself so physically ivuavy, as mi\ as so utterly happy in the glow of tier new understanding with BlanehanJ, that she longed for rest a»d for the silent watches U\ whit-'lt she wight assure herself of tins mliiy of her joy, »? J euo that you pie tired put,' said airs, TrogaskiKs, * - Uo aud Bleeij,' ' J. bliiill not *-U»|', but of uouree J run tired, You inuKt bo Urn?'.!, loo, C)mv, Won't you come anil ]io down bosidu King J' 'No, I am butter hiW *' Mv yow goini? U) stay lu-j-o n\\\ wjjjit ';' ' JV-rlny/B, Jiut Hw HWHiHijf en\i't lie eo very fur off,' ' I don't Jilte to \i&va; you, piore. ' '.' Why m0' ' it w W biiww ti- iwjoj' boi»g alone. Don't trouble about me. Go and re joice as I do, dear, too, in your happiness. Perhaps I shall be happy as well some day— or when I am dead, like poor Mrs. Carmody. She did her duty and minded her children. And what was the use of it all ? Duty doesn't pay on the Leura. Good night, Gladys.' ' Good night, Clare.' They kissed again. Gladys was turning away, but Clare stopped her for a moment. ' I have never pretended to be a good mother, and you must take that into account. But I have done my best and I have always been dreadfully sorry for the poor little chil dren. Oh, 'thpre's something horrible,' she cried, 'in their having to come into the world whether they choose or no— the fruit of a marriage that's not the sacramental marriage we used to talk of in the old days. Oh, how different that would make all ? Do you re member, dear, how we used to say to each other that we'd choose the highest — or nothing ? Instead of that we both chose the lowest. Now we have found out our mistake; but you have been able to mend yours, and I haven't.' 'You will — some day. You'll be happy, as I am, some day — able to be with him.'' 'Perhaps. Yes, probably I shall be with him, some daj\ But that doesn't alter the fact that the poor little children were brought wrongly into the world. They are children of sin and shame ; worse off than if — for when they've come through love, their mother must have a different feeling for them : and that's just the wrong in all. Well, I suppose God knows all about it. lie should care for them and put the wrong right and raise friends for them better than their wicked mothers. Gladys, I just wanted to ask you to think of that when — when you've got children of your own. I just wanted to say — if anything should happen to me and it ever co'mes m your way, you'll be kind, won't you, to my Ning and baby ?' Chapter XXXI.— The Penalty;. Through tho hours Clare Tregaskiiss re mained half lying, half crouching ia the hollow beside the cave. She had, in a mechanical fashion, prepared herself for the night, piling up against the wali of rock the leaves and grass Gladys had brought, thus making a sort of cushion, upon which she re clined, her waterproof spread over it aud the blaxiket covering her knees. The mosquitoes, having scant shelter or herbage just here, were not so troublesome as down on the grassy plateau, or perhaps she did not feel them. Anyhow she untied the veil she had fastened round her head and face and stayed during the night bare-headed aud with wide eyes staring out over the desolate bush. The scene harmonised with her mood. It was her impulse always when she was wretched or torn by rebellious longings to make for the wildest and loneliest spot she could find. To night she was so physically exhausted and so wrought up mentally that she was barely con scious of material facts. She had a gruesome fancy of herself as one walking on the edge of a precipice, the pledge to Geneste her foothold as it were, tlie thought of her children and of the life she was going to give up typified in the black, but which was always horribly present, vacuum below, from which to save herself she must keep away her eyes and her mind. Everything else was a confusion of sound aud dim images, except the light of Geneste's camp and the thrilling con sciousness of that steel-like invisible chain binding their beings together. Sometimes Ning's solemn dark eyos would shine out of the gulf, and then she would wince and totter and in terror draw herself togetlieraud turn her own eyes inward. Sometimes she would fancy that she heard Ning's voice, in its quaint half aboriginal utterance, raised in accents of pain and distress, and at sudi moments would nave difficulty in assuring herself that on tho other side of the rocky wail Ning lay soundly sleep ing. it was not strange that uncanny fancies should have visited her, for the ghostly scene aud the night sounds were euough to make stout nerves creep. The bush was full of weird gurglings aud rustlings, and a sense of mystery and of the illimitable seenu-d to oreathe from among the desolate stretches, the moon-made shadows, the straight bare stems of the gum trees, the dark dumps of gidyti and the giey upheaved bouldei'6. The ' hop hop' of wallabies came from among the fallen timber in the gorge behind her ; there was the shrill chirrup of the tree frog, and there were throaty noises from nameless reptiles making for the pool below the cave, 'iiere some white-barked, crooked trees bent like ghosts over the water, upon iviiose inky black ness the moon cast a feeble raj', (,'iviug a new touch of dread to the scene. She could hear the heavy flapping of Hying foxes' wings aud from the scrub came the dismal howling of dingoes, aud nearer, the curlews' wail. That sound which for a second siie fancied to be Niug'fi voice calling 'Mummy' was from a native bear, wUicli has a ovy like a cliild. Tin; moon went slowly d'jwu and by-and-bye slie must have slept a little, for she awoke to see that faint greyuesB *JU the edge of the sky which heralds dawn und to hear the mopuke giving its early note and the long, derisive chuckle of the laughing juukass. She watched the day break, hoard the rousing of tho black boys when they wont aftor the liowes and then, stilt aud aching, got up and stole round to the cnttunue of the tent. She fancied they might think it strange that she should have been out all night und thought that she would lie doivu and umko a pieteijce of having slept like the m-t. But the uuuon querablu dread sjie had of meeting Niu^'b m-os and hearing tho child's pruttlii held her hook, imd instead slio wunt dow» thw ro^ks to a lonely pool, an outlet of the lurgvr poo), whure slie unshed and did her hail' und got I'id of 6Oin-3 of tliL* traces of her vigil. The sun was quite up by the time she had iiuiehed, and she \v;i& mounting tho rooks again when she heard a call from tho cave, ' Niiij,r ! King !' and then her own name in Gladj'u'ts voicu, ?? Clare !' hiliu qiiiukonixl her steps, Gludys mot hui1 before she jvaehed the ea»'t-. The tai'jMulii) was dmwu hack *u-4 Jiulu» Cusnek un4 W' sistur^ stood before thu vntrauou. OIuwj, iu her duzud way, «olii;a4 that they jyujiei aluwK-d, 'Jiavo yovt got Sljiig with you*' (jjadj-s asked. iih-- spoke ehsMply and Jjoj.' fiyo« 1m-J u f»'itfliJi-»i«i uxjiiYofiou. 'iVing!' uried Mis. 'J'regasUiw* elui'tk-.d, 'No, } have uut scon |,fr, J* sl»u iiutiu i\w O&V0; V ' Wi3 ran't find her,' n»i6iv«3-;*KJ tiluAy*, ' j thought yr.i might )mve c»mu iu wh^H wv wwv mnWv Ami tul''ii Jjuj'out.' 'fi|-0 ii in iit»4,' nan Glove, turning whita 'I don't MWW Slw llttB l^uu ju U4 ail night,' cried Gladys. 'The blanket looks M if it had nex-er been disturbed. There was V roll of waterproofs and things on it and that made me think she was there. It was so dark in the cave, and I never looked closely.' The Cusack children joined in. They had been so tired that they had tumbled into bed without thinking of King. Miss Lawford spoke of the child having begged her father to look for Gerda's witch with her, aud of how he had sent her back to bed. Not one of them had seen Ning since then. There were no traces of her in the cave ; the obvious inference was that she had never been back. as sne nsienea oiacivness came over uiare— ? the blackness of the inn at Cedar Hill when she had wakened to the sight of :Geneste. Slw tottered against the rock, .and her blood seemed to rush away from her body. In a few seconds the blackness passed and her heart beat quickly, and a tingling came into her limbs as the blood flowed again. Gladys was support ing her, and Helen was at her other side. By a kind of divination she knew that some awful thing had occurred, and that she had called down a doom upon her child. Gladys and Helen heard her say in a terrible sort of inward whisper, 'God has punished me. He has killed King!' 'Oh, Mrs. Tregaskiss, don't be frightened ; it's sure to be all right, and I expect she is just playing round,' said Helen, 'or perhaps she has gone to one of the other camps. Fll run and see.' Helen flew to the nearest of the camps, where Tregaskiss, just risen from his blankets, was rating a black boy for bavin' let one of the horses stray. Shand the frulf man and Martin Cusack were kindling a fire and making preparations for the baking of Johnny cakes, while Geneste and Blanchard were filling the billies with water. ' Ning ! My good God ! She's gone, and straying has lost herself!' cried Tregaskis?, horror stricken when Helen told him how tho child was missing. ' I RPtlt hpr Kipk' tr* lw-H xrlmn trn wnni; shooting last night. I haven't seen her since.' '? It was the same story with all. No one had '4 beheld Ning since she had called after her lv father and lie bad told her it was time for : piccaninny to be asleep. Everybody who had thought about her at all had supposed that - she had put herself to bed, as was her habit at home. Those who had thought of her upon going into the cave, seeing in the dim moon light the bundle upon her blankets in the recess, had imagined it to be Ning herself coiled up in profound slumber. Besides, they had of course expected that her mother would be beside her. When Tregaskiss learned that Clare had not slept in the cave his uiad anger knew no bounds. Ho uttered words which were not pleasant for bystanders to hear. Meanwhile the gorge rang with ' Coo-ecs' and calls of ' Ning ! King !' Miss Lawford, plad to escape from the scene between Tregaskiss aud his wife;, rushed with the Cusack girls, peering into impossible crannies. Helen and Martin searched more systematically round the plateau. Clare herself was like one upon whom a doom has fallen and who knows there is no use in resistance. She bore her husband's reproaches with perfect quietness, not stirring a muscle, still and stony as though the nerves of hearing sensation had been paralysed. ' Have j'ou no feeling at all that you stand there like a marble statue V roared Tregaskiss, who had completely lost his head. ' By God, if anything has happened to the piccaninny through your negJect I'll never speak to you -jr look on your face again. As for me, I'd as soon be dead aud done for as lose the picca ninny. :- Geueste and Blanchard stepped up to him. Ambrose spoke first. ' Look here, Mr. Tregaskiss, it isn't as bad as all that, and this isn't the way to take it. Mrs. Tregaskiss is no more to blame than you or L, or auy of us. The child will be fouud o^aiu u.il ii^iii, yuu uiaj ue -juruuij. «3Jie Hits just strayed and lost herself and we've got to lose uo time iu looking for her. Let's settle at once what to do.' ' We had better divide into search parties,' said Geneste. 'Each one take a black boy, except perhaps myself aud Martin Cusack. He's a good tracker aud I'm used to it.' 'I'll back Geneste to track a skitter across running water,' cried the. Gulf man. Tregaskiss bestirred himself with fvvcris'i activity. Geneste took command, and j»re seutly the horses were saddled and the beareh parties started, Tregaskiss foremost. Souu every human being of tiiat pleasure expedition was Ecouring range, gullies, iiau, and lake shore for little 3Ving. The ladies of the party and the new chums kept Hear the gorge and tscomvil the ground, going iu line to aud fro amung the gullies, bhouting as they went, but no answering call came awd there was no sign of the child. Then they went towards the Jake, but to no avail. At 1 o'clock a black boy amung the searchcra struck a track fur about 10 yards ou the old Eungella road, and then again for about ltW yards on a cattle path — just two tiny boot uuirke, but it ivas lost again ujiupluLfJy. Tiio tracks ran inland twia the lake, au-l were a Jong way from the namji, telling a pathetic tale of the poor baby's night wuidenuga. They made these trucks the point uf n fresh start in all liiu direetiona round. Blanchard I'odu back with the uew.s, and (JJadysmid jld.n j.ndrwnAJiijsljuwiui'dtt'iJiit with joy, for jmw they felt *,mv Niti^ would uo lollllu. 13UI i_/Jiiremu iiui uueu -i ivtu urfirot smile, nor did ahv tAtow any unxiety iu jJiittiujy to-etlK'i- food am! a blanket in M'Jllell to M'J'ttJ* the child whin they tliuuld come ujJOU lie*1, .She had 1)ll-» v,a!kingai)nlisslv,horfaeeft»j8rf(; of despair— walking bemuse ului could Hot «it still, not with any hope. ' i ki»uw iliat King is dead,' die fj^jd i» her stony voice. ?' There in do use in taking iu.ji'I ; she will nut ateud it, jjut | should iiia- to hui'c h«r little 4o«4 iiudv so that tiiu diugous mid wild bijL'de may *wt hart it. ' jit.j' ciiimiHW tvas tumble; &ho; did not shudder like the tvU «t the fcu^i-'stioii. ' Ajubroiii-, J. think she in t'u)Ubr mud,' whispiH'w} iiiudp, 'she ituvur tyy* n u'uni, only walks— tva}|ct ---wjtli thut jjh'/'uI «*'? fauu, Wiiutcou tviido!1' ' Wu will inwu ^-LS fuild, jiL-iihi.1 Und, Iji'ioro iH&M;' Jioai's (itu uvur, ttud I lut'. in nil U'c ''.Ut 4o,'liu unbH'wrad, ''liuuh' tlw' wuv btatiow iiuni' wijuru %vu I'uuld fiui ht'Wi.-li Jmtids un-i ii(3g|) horses, 'J'lii'j'iJ ere no h-w u( u*. iAuw-tU) is trucking JiJiu u hlualiMhiw uf H-'-i Indian, }*U4 'i'iVJ{lwlii«iJ will tlu! Jul til'.' liluelf lioio r(uj) J'oi1 « inoiiiuiu, ihuiw'h 'i' isb'Mvild will/ tfiii* ti/Ul jje jt JJUl iillli'h UBi i(ilji«i.)l, Til' '?I'lJ'J MUil JJU teftVud U H iH liU(lliH)l) jju,»ih]u lo fcHVU iiw.' ' liu ru&u; »wuy n#uni wn;i tliwn inw ii)ww iiiLHwinMn iMW» of \\\uHwk'. AU Ihw4nni4 do hull wm- iu i- uudw Mid tihout mi UJatKi Jji't* an lliu iiilU, tvbiuit teijuuld *M4m* 111* link mttituj' if *l'- wcw iiiiidwi w«w«( w$ ravines ne&r.; Ho one came back that night' from the outside searchers. . The night was passed in that aimless wandering and un broken snatches of sleep taken in relays, the 'watchers starting at cries of curlews or native bears in the fancy that it might be the voice of ... the child. The country blazed with the fires they .had lighted ; and some went down to the lake shores, the distraught mother among them, and covered miles along the sand. But \- there was no Ning. ? : In the morning after the second night Tre . gaslrias crawled up to the camp lame, his feet . cut by the stones through his boots, his hands bleeding and his eyes wild and blood - ? .shot. He had been tracking on foot \- by moonlight and had lost himself. Still . ??:'? he had been able to strike the gorge at day i-. ' break. Now he had come for one of the ladies' £'? horses, for their own were knocking up. Clare :.: was still wandering: by the lake show, and :; perhaps it was well that she did not see her husband, for her heart would only have been harrowed the more. Helen and Miss Lawford brought him some dainper and beef, and he ; ate it mechanically, taking no notice of either of them, in words, but Helen fancied that he turned away from Miss Lawford with sorue '-, thing- like a' shudder. He was curiously sub dued, and thero was an expression up^m his face, in all its wildness, almost solemnising — a faint reflection of that look which Paul of Tarsus must have worn when he came back to . Damascus blind. What had been his thoughts during those lonely hours no one knew, but Gladys partly guessed them. He came up to her while they were catching and saddling Helen's horse. . 'I don't want to see my wife,' he said, 'but you can tell ller 1 am sorry that I spoke to her aa I did. I am as much to blame as she is for Sing's death. Yes, Mrs. Hilditch, King' is dead.' He fixed his eyes with their strange spiritualised expres etonon Gladys's face, and she wondered if this were in truth the old Tregaskiss, his features seemed to have so curiously sharpened and all his bloated look and coarseness to have disappeared. 'She came to me last night out in the bush,' he went on. 'I saw her as plain as I see you. She stood in front of me and held out her little aims and then she vanished. . . . She .held out her little arms,' he repeated huskily. ' She was always fond of her daddy— the piccaninny.' His voice broke altogether, and the great fellow gave a choking cry, and flinging himself for ward with his head upon his arms heaved and shook in an agony of uncontrollable grief. *' I — I — can't bear it,' he sobbed. ' I doated on the piccaninny.' Gladys sobbed too. It was as much at the sight of his grief as for the piccaninny. He looked utterly broken, and she guessed that the enforced abstinence from stimulants for so many hours had something to do with his shattered condition. She brought him some brandy, but to her great surprise he took the pannikin and dashed it to the ground. 'No more of that for me,' he said. 'I've drunk my last drop of grog, and Tin done for ever with it and with other things too. Some thing came over me last night, Mrs. Hilditch, that has made a changed man of me.' Gladys wondered, but she did not speak. Tregaskiss got up and shouted with one of his old oaths to the black boy to be quick with the horse. 'She's dead,' he murmured, 'butFvegot to find her. It kills me to think of my picca ninny's pretty face— and perhaps the din goes ? Again he gave a great sob, and his hand and arm shook as he drew the reins tight in order to mount. 'You may tell Clare,' lie said, bending down, 'that I'm a changed man. Be fore heaven I mean it.' (To be continued.) 