THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Obit.—King Poole. Prospects of a good season. A goldmine at the Mount Barker Junction. Monday, June 15, is nomination-day in the case of the district councils. Special meeting of ratepayers, at Murray Bridge on Saturday, 18th inst. Preparations are being -made ..'for the visitors' season at Port Victor. Mount Barker, and -Woodside footballers, meet at the latter place to-morrow. Market-gardeners- in the Mills are now busily engaged on planting operations. Farmers on the Bremer Ranges and along the Murray Flats are rejoicing .over the mag nificent rains. Half-yearly meeting of Blakiston Dairy Produce Company at Nairne on Monday, 15th. inst. The " Sunbeam " .Bazaar at Mount Barker last Friday was a remarkably successful event. Murray Bridge is to have a new medical man—Dr. G. F. Wickens, at present of Kyabrain, Victoria. Coolgardie will not "be in it" when the local syndicate strike the reef on their claim at the Junction. The members for Encounter Bay have already given the Goolwa people proof of their desire to secure attention to local wants. Stacey's Corner, a mile and a half from Mylor, has been chosen as the site for the Aldgate Valley school. No small amount of trade is being lost to Goolwa owing to the want of a powerful The South Australian Company, which made a profit of £24,094 last year, has declared a dividend of £1 16s. per share. Councillors Bom, Martin, and Wittwer are retiring from the Echunga District Council by effluxion of time. Mannum residents are agitating to have the local post-office moved from its present inconvenient positioh Ori 'the top' of a high hilt. ( Dr. F. J. Elliot;; .formerly of Mount Barker, is going to Sonth. Africa to join the Chartered-Company's fb'fces tn Matabeleland." Mr. Kent, whose wife resides at Nairne, had three ribs broken by a fall down an opencut at Block 11, Broken Hill, on Sunday night. Qu&'considers that "Mr. F. R. Smith, of j Mount Barker, should be a tower of strength to the new Liberal movement. He is young, energetic, and able." The "Murray Flats "Trnde Protection Association," which has for its object the prevention of a reckless credit system at the . local stores, lias been formed at Mannum. Goolwa is going in for amusements, the institute committee having received applica tions for the use of the hall as a skating rink and for dancing classes. Mr. Br. Murray, of Monnt Barker, was one of the directors appointed at the meeting of the Silver Hill Junction SAf. Company in Adelaide on Wednesday. There are 169 children on the roll at the Stirling East School, 65 at Aldgate Valley, 67 at Bridgewater, 176 at Crafers, 134 at Mylor, and 69 at Upper Sturt. A meeting of-ratepayers will be held at j Gutneraoha next -Tuesday evening to consider j the question of the proposed'railway between Balhannah and Monnt Pleasant.' ■ ■ - Appeals to the Court of Disputed Returns' are expected to be made, as soon-as Parlia ment-meets, in the case of the Onkaparinga, Gutneraoha, and North Adelaide elections. Mount Barker, at which over 700 cattle were disposed of by auction one dsy lastI week, will see another large mob yarded for | sale in the early part of nextnmonth. The Onkaparinga Dairy;Proiluce Company commissioned thair- -manager (Mr.-J. Cnth bertson) to attend thesixdays' conference of dairy factory .managers : held- recently in Melbourne. A revision court for the electoral'district of | Mount Barker will be'held, at Strathalbyn next Monday, when 25 nameB will be struck off the'House of Assemblyroll and 10 erased from the Legislative Council list. ~ The. Railways Commissioner -has, at the j request of Mr. George Ash, M.P., ordered a gate to be placed -at the-Cooke's PlainB Railway-station to give -access-from the Ash ville Bide. • - . Mrs. T. Hawthorne, of Dawesley, who died last evening at the age of 64, was a colonist of 43 years. The funeral will take place at the Blakiston Cemetery on Saturday afternoon. Once more Crafers has the distinction of distancing the other southern stations in regard to rainfall, its record for May (4.660 in.) being an inch more than that of the next highest place, Clarendon. The decision of the Railways Commissioner | with regard to the lengthening of the-Port Victor railway-station is being, awaited by the j local people. The present accommodation 1b 1 wretchedly inadequate. The friends of Mr. D. D. Rosewarne (formerly manager of the Aclare silver- mine) will regret to hear of the death of his second son, at the age of 15½, which took place at Mount Magnet, W.A., last week. The ratepayers of Onkaparinga, finding that the district has been losing £40 of Govern- | ment subsidy annually in consequence of the altered assessment, have decided to revert to | the old rate of Is. in the pound. The " Florence Nightingale" Sunbeam Circle has been enabled, -as -a result of the i bazaar held at Mount Barker, to remit £50 as | a contribution to the building fund of the Adelaide Creche. The Port Eliiot Co-operative Produce I Company, which has just paid its share- j holders a 5 per cent, dividend, had its I liabilities at the end of - the- half-year repre sented by the insignificant sum of £11 7s. fid. New justices of the peace, in addition to ] those mentioned last week — Mr. James Hender, of Cooke's Plains; Mr. Charles F. Wanke, of Mannum; Mr. George Monks, of Forest Range; and Mr. Edward James Hunt, of Yankalilla. The Mount Barker Comedy Company, which haB been unable to begin rehearsing owing to the absence from the town of some of its members, will meet this evening, when the characters will be -allotted in the pluys^, which are to be presented .shortly. ; The erection of new buildings at Fort Victor is welcomed by the Enaounter Bay District Council in view of increased rate receipts. Lack of funds has prevented the carrying oat of many little improvements by which the watering- place can be rendered more attractive to viaitors. On page 4 of this issue, appears a descrip tion in verse of The Eoet and the Ghost" incident tit Woodside, written by Mr. Thomas Meddai, who desires it to.be under stood by publishers. and journalists that the copyright of the " poep " Uf stricUy reserved. In many of Vhc seaside r^prtft in England there are committees .appointed 3to promote public gatherings to effect improvements and in other ways to assist .in making the place attractive to visitors. : The' example might well be followed by the. residents of Port Victor and Fort Elliot—for popular as these places are there are many ways of making them more ..attractive—and a standing " im provement fund" would meet' with liberal patronage on the part of the wealthy folk who annually renew the leases of their lives at these fashionable watering-places. Speaking of the new Liberal Party the Yorke's Peninsula Plain Jiealer says :—" It has been suggested that the new -League at Gladstone -is- a -half-hearted National Ass. affair. If so it will not live:' The Mount Barker attempt has the appearance of virtue, aud we take it that the Moutit people have the keynote of the situation.-- At all events the two, providing both are genuine, and dis counting the assertion against the Gladstone affair as a base untruth,' must come ' together under one banner for either to be of much utility. There must not be any conflict between Liberals." The monthly meeting of the Mount Barker Band of Hope was'held In the institute-hall on Wednesday evening, when Mr. A. Sexton occupied the chair, and 'the attendance was the largest recorded for some time. Seven new members were admitted, and an enter taining program was gone throuah, the following being the items Recitations, Misses Coral: Barker an'd Lily liaison and Master Boy -Barker ; recitation "and chorus, Misses Evelyn Anderson and~Mattatie Morris; songs, Misses Adelaide Oborn and M. Boss i and Mr. A. H. Stephenson; and a "scarf; drill " was pleasingly perforraod by 12 little i girls. (From Our Own Correspondents.) Bugle Ranges, June 3. On Wednesday evening, May 27, a musical evening was given by Miss Marjorie Curtis in the wool-shed belonging to Mr. fiudd (kindly lent for the occasion) in aid of the Adelaide Creche, the concert being in connection with the " Florence. NightingalC-V-Sunbeam Circle at Mount Barker. There whs a good attend awce, and songs and pianoforte *o1ob were given by Mis* Marjorie and several friends. The proceeds, which were tery satisfactory considering the smallness of the Tillage, -were handed to " Uncle Harry." After a pleasant evening had' been spent and refreshments | partaken of the concert ended with the National Anthem, not however before a wish was expressed that the child's first attempt having proved so successful it would lead to other musical evenings bring given. Cooke's Plains, June 2. A cricket match, Wellington ». Co-.ke'a Plains, wag played in Mr. Anderson's paddock on Saturday and resulted in a draw | in favor of Wellington. In the evening an entertainment and supper were given in Mr. j Anderson's barn, the proceeds (about £2 17s.) being in aid of the local club. The weather, still continues very dry, with warm days and frosty nights. Feed is becoming very scarce, and stock can hardly ! get a living. The ground is nearly as hard as j -in midsummer. The need of a local jnstice of the peace has long been felt, there being none within 12 miles. We are therefore pleased to learn that | Mr. James Hender has been made a J. P. and i are sure his appointment will be a benefit to j the neighborhood. Goolwa, June 3. The monthly meeting of the .institute com- j mittee was held on Tuesday evening, Mr. T. Goode presiding. The treasurer stated there was a balance in the bank of £12, and I the secretary reported that the recent enter- j tain merit in aid of the library resulted in a| profit of £12 after paying all expenses. A ! rote of thanks wbb. passed to all who bad assisted, special mention-being .made of the honorary secretary's valuable services. The -president and secretary'were elected a com- j mittee to purchase boobs., It was decided that the hall should be . opened.,«u Wednes day evening for use as-a skating rink, arid Messrs. Underwood and Richards were appointed to arrange matters. An application , for the use of the hall for a dancing class was granted on payment of 5s. per evening and J 2s. 6d. each afternoon. The steamers Shannon, Murrumbidgee, Vic toria, and Pioneer are ali undergoing extensive repairs.: .The Shannon is being fitted .with new machinery -of great power and will be ready in about a month. The Murrumbidgee is on Craig's slip, where she is having three girders put right through her.-to carry the machinery taken onl of the- Shannon. She wiil be launched on Wednesday next, and then men will be employed to refix the machinery, and the work will be pushed on with all speed to make the vessel ready for the Wool season. Her owner, Captain John Egge, so well known on the river as a general trader, has very large contracts With the I boiling-down works, &c.;, and lias the Lady of\ the Lake in place of the Murrumbidgee run-[ ihng the regular trips. The Murrumbidgee ] when finished will be able to tow two barges, j her power being greatly increased. The j Pioneer, which was purchased recently by Rich & Co., of Sydney, . "from Captain "G. Ritchie, 1b to be thoroughly overhauled on I .Craig's'slip, and various improvements will be effected. The Victoria is very nearly .ready for the season. Captain Wallace, the i owner, has made many repairs and alterations J to-her. To-day the Mundoo, which is owned by Captain E. H. Dodd, sails for Wilcannia in charge of Captain G. Merrett. The Mundoo is a very light craft and makes many low-water trips on the Darling. She will tow the Trader barge to Wilcannia with a cargo of general stores for Messrs. Rich & Co. On Friday the Moira (Captain Dickson) arrived from Wilcannia. The steamer left a month ago and made a good run to Wilcannia and back, having a full load. The steamer Jupiter (Captain John Ritchie) is. getting ready to pat. down the | beacons iu the Lower Murray and Coorong. She-will leave here when -all the material for the job arrives. This was asked to be done by .the deputation which waited on the Ministers the other day, and it is pleasing to note how promptly-our members saw tiiat the Marine Board bad no. rest till they consented to have the work done. The captains pointed out how dangerous it was for these beacons? to be in -their present state, some being broken off to the water's edge. The want of a 10-ton crane, for the wharf I is badly felt.. "-The Shannon and Murrtim-i bidgee will be put to k"lot of expense if thai Railway'Department do" hot 'send a crane with f which to lift their boilers. " We are losing a considerable- amount of trade through hot J having a "teh-tonner " on our wharf. Kanmantoo, June 3. This autumn, although rather a diy one so far,: has not been so disastrous as some we | have seen in days gone by. At the com- ] menpement of April feed was scarce and stock in low oondition, bnt during the early part of that month the long drought was apparently broken up by a fall of 1£ inches of rain. Since that time, however, the rains have only been of a light description, just sufficient to allow of the feed growing, but not to keep the ground soft enongh for the plough. The consequence has been that seeding operations have.been delayed,- but at the time I write it has been raining for several hours, and the gauge records 0 600 in., so that everyone will be once again in a cheerful mood at the | brightened prospects. Mannum, June 3. A splendid rain has just set in, and by all J appearances it will be the best we have had for | years. Ploughing and sowing is just about | finished. - A large area has again been put in, and more would have been sown by a good many^ only for the shortage of seed-wheat. Feed is very scarce, there not being enough in the district to supply its own wants, and large quantities are brought here from the j hills and sold at £4 5s. per ton. Thus far the | wheat plants look exceedingly "well. Very little interest is taken here in the | proposed line of railway from BallAnnah to Mount Pleasant, as it is looked npon as a { move on the chessboard to check the Monarto to Sedan railway. A good many smile at the idea, that if the Bolhannah line were built a large quantity of wheat from the Murray I Flats would go over it, as the largest parcels ! of wheat come from up-river way, and their natural outlet , is of course Murray -Bridge, while tlio other farmers will not go over the hills if they enn avoid it unless tliey can get a very much better price. There is to be b movement made in favor I of shifting the office of the Post and Telegraph j Department from its present akward position , to one in the centre of the township. Anyone knowing the big hill on which it is situated 1 will readily agree with the suggestion, and if | we could only-get -the powers' iltat be toj trudge up there many times every day for the transaction of business they would soon fall j in with the idea. There has been some talk of slurting a j branch of the new political Liberal Party, but so far nothing definite has been done, those interested no doubt awaiting for further news of progress, but by way of doing some thing the *' Murray Fisls Trade Protection Association" has been formed. Mr. David Shearer was duly electei as chairman and] Mr. B. Baseby, J.P., secretary. The society has for its object the doing away with the reckless credit system, which has been so extensively carried on in past years to the detriment of tradespeople. Another principle is that no one business man shall have the advantage over auother in receiving full pay ment while others get none. ' A certain firm has issued circulars binding the farmers to deliver all wheat and farm produce to them during the coining year, and it is fell that this is malting slaves of people who in the past have honestly and faithfully fulfilled their obligations to the best of their ability and would do so again if left alone. Of I course there will be some who will fail to meet their engagements, but this ought to provide an object-lesson against running into debt. It is to be hoped that the association will achieve some practical good. Already members have joined from Mannuai, Palmer, and Sedan. At the last meeting of the committee-of our institute it was decided to get more new books for the library, both English and German volumes. The libraiy is already a very large one, and it must be particularly j pleasing to the subscribers that the affaire of the institute have been and arc being so well managed. This is due to the great amount of energy and interest taken by the late and present secretaries, Mr. W. Dick and Mr. B. Baseby, the former of whom had to give up the secretaryship on account of leaving here. Last evening a lecture was delivered in the Primitive Methodist Chapel by the Rev. R Jackson on "The Rev. Roland Hill, the Eccentric ' Preacher." There was a large gathering, and Mr. C. F. Wanke presided. The lecture was throughout of an interesting and instructive nature, and the desire was expressed tlial Mr. Jackson would give more lectures during the winter evenings. Refresh ments were provided and a very pleasant evening spent. —♦— Strathalbyn, June 4. We have been blessed with a-few splendid showers of rain, but unfortunately sufficient haB not fallen to do very much good. In parts of the district no ploughing at all has been done this season, and a thorough good Boaker would be welcomed. X/BBt week the very popular and widely known host of the Terminus Hotel, Mr. T. Fallon, had the misfortune to put out his collar-bone, but under Dr. Shone's treatment is rapidly mending. The indefatigable W.M. of Dodge St. John is again at work furthering his hobby, the " Masonic Temple," and is now endeavoring to secure the co- operation of the ladies with the object of holding a " fair," so that when the opening ceremony takes place the entire building debt will have been cancelled. It is, I am told, the intention to invite his Ex cellency the Governor to attend the ceremony. We 'have been unfortunate in not as yet having had an official Tisit from the Governor, and we are anxious that Strathalbyn should receive this honor, and if possible under .Masonic auspices. I learn with very much regret that Mr. Thomas Stephens, one of our oldest residents, is about to sever his connection with the district he has known so intimately for the past 40 years. Our Band of Hope will lose a most earnest and energetic president. Mr. Stephens has not taken an active part in public life, but has preferred to pursue the even tenor of his way, being of a specially unobtrusive nature. Those who know Mr. Tom Stephens best will miss him most, and he haB the best wishes of us all. —♦— Palmer, June 2. Welcome showers of rain began to fall at nooiv^to-day and still continue. This will citable farmers to finish seeding operations. Up to the present there is a fair promise of a good harvest! - Our little township is very quiet at present. The New Reedy Creek Goldmine, -which was closed down last year, is still lying idle and to all appearance is likely to remain so for some time to come. The children have formed a Sunbeam Circle- under the name of the " Queen Curola " Circle. Miss Oppatt is leader and Miss Francis Oppatt secretary, and Miss F. Fritohard and Masters H. Jeffreys and W. Dohnt members of the committee. The circle has already a membership of 18. 