FREMANTLE PRISON. THE RELIGIOUS [?] OF REFORM [BY AN EX-PRISONER.] No. II. Church parade [?] of daily occurrence in the examplary establishment at Fremantle. Two chaapels are attached to the prison, one being called the Protestant chapel and the other the Roman Catholic, to either of which all must go. Every morning there is a great mustering of forcing, and at the word of com- mand the two divisions of this army, jacketed and profusely [?] — grotesque as Falstaff's regiment — march off to the scenes of spiritual conflict. No option is allowed in the matter; each prisoner is ordered to go, and go he must. Masterly treatment, recalling the long-forgotten days of boyhood and tender reminiscences of how things he would fain have left and one were done in spite of himself. If a Nonconformist at heart, it matters not a straw; he may be anything he likes — all sham; one thing is certain, he needs religion or he would not be there, and, "by heaven," he shall have it! Any lingering doubt on this point is speedily set at rest when he sees the military nature of the preparations — "Fall in there!" "Attention!" "Right Dress!" "Steady!" — and beholds the stern fixed look assumed on such occasions by the officers, as though they were about to engage the enemy and it was a case of do or die. In this manner opens the comedy of the "Church militant in prison." In order of single file the men thus "pressed into service" then proceed to their respective chapels. The procession is a long one and full of interest and entertainment to the initiated observer, for it would be difficult to concentrate in the same space a more incongruous assortment of humanity. As it wends its way one is apt to be reminded of that other long procession, the pictures of which so fascinated us in early youth, representing the various animals entering Noah's ark, only there they went in "two by two," whereas here it is one by one. With each successive reproduction of the scene this ludicrous aspect of it would recur to my mind with an added spice of humour as I came to know more about the characters and the ruling passions of some of these "public worshippers." In pleasing harmony with the general fitness of things this "column" may be headed by a feature- less bruiser — once "all the fancy," but now somewhat "groggy" in appearance; then may follow in slow succession a turfite, more widely known than respected; an ex-waiter, who seems lost without the familiar towel over his shoulder; a former bank official (from the "other side." of course), trans- formed beyond recognition — where now the portly presence; a calm serene-faced gentle- man, renowed as an expert in locks — can get in anywhere; a bandy-legged tailor, partial to "long sleevers" and "tight" fits; a happy-go-lucky-burglar, all smiles; a "balmy one," rolling his head about as though on a pivot and glaring wildly on all and sundry; a hobbling Chinky or two — "all ee same Clistian!" a string of sailors, furtively showing the consoling quid as they hitch themselves along; a jockey with head and shoulders thrown forward — always in the stirrups coming up the straight; miners down on their luck in the game "grab all;" a bull-necked, square-built fellow, which male- volent eyes of the speaking order, which seem to say, "I won't be in for nothing next time;" a sharp-featured Yank, who doesn't seem to care a darn; an undersized shrimp of a man, noted for the foulness of his language; a street larrikin, craning his neck to straighten out his inches, in mockery behind; an ex-policeman next, if you please — now one of us! a "professional musician," lately public-house warbler — now a member of the choir! then behold an aged soldier, here of a hundred battles; also welchers, homicides, housebreakers, vagrants, and sundry others who, to their sorrow, have trod in slippery places, but are now walking in the narrow way — and so on until the last one of all has dis- appeared through a chapel door. These aer not the chapel-goers the outer world is familiar with. They never find it convenient to absent themselves on the plea of headache or indisposition; they are constant attenders, always found in their places and never by any chance late in arriving. Patterns in these respects, there is, however, one point of close resemblance between them which, like the "one touch of nature" makes them "kin" — a very observable tendency to yawn through the service. Now, most thoughtful people will agree that religion is not a thing which can be thrust on a person nolens volens, and worn as easily as a new hat. It has passed into a proverb that a man cannot be made moral by Act of Parliament; and there is an older saying, equally true, that you may lead a horse to water, but can- not compel him to drink. These axioms, the bearing of which lies in the application to the present case, may have been forgotten by the Fremantle authorities or those gentle- men who are responsible for the religious regime in force there; or possibly, by some freak of atavism, their ideas on the subject belong to that good old time when the prevailing method of convincing a man of his error was the summary one of knocking him down. Now-a-days we do the thing more neatly and effectually by flooring him with a little logie. May the same success attend the present effort! Much trouble and expenditure of wasted energy (to say nothing of that ridi- cule which prompted the lines beginning, "Oh wad the Lord the giftie gie us, to see [?]'s as ithers see us") would be saved by an intelligent appreciation of the facts that the mind is not a fixed quantity in every caput, amenable to manipulation at will; that what to one man may be cardinal truths to another, equally perceptive and sincere, may be apprehended as such; that persons of the same faith often differ radi- cally in their conceptions of Deity. Let it be understood, however, that I do not suggest that [?] "good men" are to be met with in Fre- mantle prison, nor would I be so rash as to assert that they throng the streets outside; but on one point there can be room for doubt, that compulsion in matters of religion is as vain as the task of Sisyphus, and productive of more harm than good. It is an anachronism repellent to the spirit of an age in which mankind generally are growing more habituated to the exercise of the highest of all their faculties — the power to think independently for themselves. To leave the attendance optional to each individual need not cause any alarm for the result. There would be no "beggarly array of empty benches," for most of the prisoners would, of free choice, continue to go, for if no other reason than that the chapel is to them a sort of variety show, or mild form of recreation, which helps to relieve the tedium of prison life. From this may be gathered some idea of the deadly monotony of the gaol! To such vacant minds, some good might come of the service, the off-chance of which would perhaps justify its continuance. I refer par- ticularly to the Protestant chapel. Unfortu- nately I was not aware, when I arrived, that the Roman Catholic service is much shorter and brighter. This saving knowledge leads many a "returning prodigal," who was formerly of the Protestant persuasion, to see the error of his way and turn Roman Catholic. In the Protestant chapel the service is con- ducted according to the ritual of the Church of England, and no time is wasted over it; but whether the litany is heard or not is a matter of indifference, compared with the superior attractions of the "organ" — a somewhat wheezy harmonium — and the robust singing of the choir. The hymns in use were to me a never failing source of profit and amusement. It was a happy thought to place [?] choice a selection in the hands of such as I have described. The eminent fitness of those poetic outpourings may be gathered from the index lines of a few of them: — "all is bright and cheerful round us;" "High let us swell our tuneful notes, and join the angelic throng"; "Your harps ye trembling saints down from the willows take"; "Holy off'rings, rich and rare"; "Shall sinners dare the truth despite?" "Hark, the trumpet's awful sound," and so forth. It may be mentioned, however, that the singing is all done by "the choir," very few of the congre- gation joining in. Commenting generally, if it be really thought conducive to their well- being that prisoners should be required to assume certain attitudes and repeat, or listen to the repetition of, certain words of a ritual, I can only say it is a delusion, and one which flatters neither the intelligence nor the "spirituality" of those who share it. More formality in religion is to be deprecated at all times. In the case of the prison chapel the service is of so stereotyped a character, and so barren of that missionary spirit which seeks "to make good grow where it is not already growing," that it can scarcely be said to justify its existence. It is absolutely devoid of any reforming influence whatever. To borrow a bush phrase, it is not even within coo-ee of it. The reformation of the criminal is certainly not to be brought about in such apathetic fashio; nor is it at all likely that any method will succeed which fails to recognise the true cause of most of the [?] crime in the world, viz., drink. It may be safely asserted that three-fourths of the inmates of the Fremantle prison have been led to their ruin through drunkeness. Such being the case, it would naturally be expected that in the prison chapel, of all places else, the evils of intemperance would be specially dwelt upon and made the subject of many a moving appeal. I cannot say, however, that I ever heard anything of the sort there. Who can tell what signal oppor- tunities have thus been irrevocably lost? how many have gone from bad to worse for lack of that "word in season," whose influence often breaks the spell under which inherently good qualities lie dormant? For, disbelieve it who may, the prison is just the place where there are likely to be instances of criticial indecision — when the good and the bad in a man may be said to be at equipoise, and but a slight pressure will turn the scales, as the "touch which determines whether a stone set in motion at the top of an eminence shall roll down on one side or the other." In consider- ing the question of reform from this point of view, I would suggest that a beginning be made by reforming the religious service; and to this end I would propose the substitution of short, practical addresses of an educational tendency and earnest appeals, which, I believe, if made by a man of large and sympathetic nature, possessing (as such men mostly do) that dramatic instinct which enables one to realise the condition and enter into the feelings of others, would be calcu- lated to impress even the worst characters and do lasting good to auch as are not yet hardened in vice and crime. 