JOURNALISM IN THE SIXTIES. ; In an article on " London Pen and Gown in the Sixties and since," contributed to tbe "Fortnightly Review," Mr. T. H. S. Escott refers to the " Tomahawk." " Mr. Arthur a Beckett's inventive mind," ho says, " found fresh scope for employment in launching an entirely new literary enterprise, the " Tomahawk." Just now this' journal deserves special mention, , because, in a degree not second to the " Owl,' it foreshadowed a species of newspaper which of late years has been cultivated with marked success among us. Eliminate the' v purely aesthetic element, then a thine undreamed of, from Mr. Harry Furniss's newest venture, and a fair idea may be formed to-day of what the " Tomahawk " was. The sensation produced by it during its brief career, was due mainly or exclusively to the continued Iaboursof Mr. a Beckett with bis pen, and of the late marvellously clever draughtsman, Matt Morgan, with his pencil. The initial issue took place shortly, after the miscarriage of the Mexican expedition, dealing, as it did, a fatal blow to the prestige of the second French Empire., 8 Thou canst not say I did it,' was tha legend under the cartoon in tbe first number—the pict ure representing the ghost of tbe murdered Maximilian; the words proceeding from the lips of the horrorstricken Napoleon the Little. Nor was tha leading illustration in tbe second instalment of this print less powerful, the subject being tbe return from the Derby in a coach which was driven by Apollyon. The premature end of tbe Marquis of Hastings lent just then a special significance to the artist's work, and tlie few' pungent lines of Arthur a Beckett's letterpress accompanying it. Associated with Arthur a Beckett in the " Tomahawk " was the late Frank Marshall, who seemed to have educated himself on the dramatists of the Restoration, wifcU literaiy results sometimes impressive, at others purely droll. Thestaff also included, the present member for King's Lynn, Me. - ' T. G. Bowles, who subsequently in his, own " Vnnity Fair" developed some of tbe ideas in which the "Tomahawk" abounded ; Captain Alfred Thompson, ex-dragoon antS artist, who some years afterwards in th® "Mask" anticipated unconsciously mucl\ of the peculiar kind of literary or artistic wit and humour presented to the public now. This literary child of the " Tomahawk," as the "Mask" was, signalised tor the first time the pervading popularity of the theatre, and. outside the journal!? of the ' profession, 1 was the earliest print thafc made it a point to encourage and to supply the histrionic appetite of llie general public. What were then the distinctive features of Alfred Thompson's jjurnal are to-day recognised as indipensable in all newspaper candidates for popular favour. Judge : Your age ? Miss "Elder: Thirtvtwo. Judge (to secretary) : Put down born in 1S32. *** " My daughter can jtever be yours." Willie Bright : Of course not; I want her to be iny wife. . 