SYLVIA MONK'S CRIME. CHAPTER XIII. A DISTURBING PRESENCE. THE announcement or old Rager's instinctive conviction that Lady Chetwynd lived, and that it was herself and not her spectre Sylvia Monk had seen, was delivered with a startling vehemence that for an instant almost carried conviction to Sylvia's heart, Sne looked appalled. The handsome swarthy face lost its deep red stain in cheeks and lips; the dull black eyes opened wide so an expression of utter terror and abhorrence. 'Alive! Bernice alive,' she whispered, hollowly. ' Impossible !' SNot impossible, Missy, if Gilbert Monk should have circumvented our plans,' said old Ragee. 'I did not suspect him of being so deep, but depend upon it he was bid-in these roonms upon that day so long ago when we planned Lady Cnetwynd's death, and he changed the globules, and has nbw in his keeping the globule you should have.given her.' I don't believe it,' said Sylvia, with sudden vehemence. '1 would rather believe I saw a ghost to-night than that I saw the living Bernice Chetwynd. I can prove to my own sati- faction that it was not Bernice. If it was h:r where can she have been ever since her barial?' ' Gilbert might have kept her out of. sight f r purposes of his own.' If it had been Lady Chetwynd in the flesh,' said Sylvia, ' why did she not speak ?' Old Ragee shook her head. Tse question was to her unanswerable Sylvia's face began to glow with triumph. ' Ab, you cannot answer,' she said,.with a thrill of jubilance in her voice '1 tsoDght not. Gihbert was too unmoved and quiet to have suffered recant alarm You have niade a mistake in counting, or the=e were .n t a hundred globules in each vial We will be watchful of G:lbertt, but I am persuaded that I saw a spectre tou- night.' She leaned hack on her chair iin 'content. Old Ragee loickro ui, her tiny box of deadly drugs and rrstortd tbtm to the. secret com partment of the Indian ca.inet. .As she locked the d )or of the latter she shook her head and muttered : 'If Missy is satisfied, let her remain so. But as for me, I am not satisfied. Ill watch Gilbert. 11 examine his trunk and-clothes in search of the missing globule. I will dog him like his shadow. I. will know if' a spectre has come to haunt Chetwynd Pa'k if some strange woman is personating Lady Chetwynd-or if her ladyship is alive- It she's alivei-there's danger lor us ahead, and I must be on my guard to met it. If she's alive, she'll not be living long.' The old Woman sat her lips together grimly, and a menacing look gleamed in her small, furtive eyes. While Sylvia Monk was thus lulling herself into a false security, and while old Ragee was determining to probe the mystery that was so fraught with danger to her idolized young mistress, the lord of Chetwynd was in. his wife's rooms, a prey to the keenest agitatiori and distress. He had walked through the long deserted rooms, noting that everything was precisely as Bernice had left. Here was her favourite chair by the hearth of the boudoir ;here was her desk; there were her books, her sketches; in yonder was her open dressing-case, with its gold mountings, its cut-glass b., tles with golden stoppers, its boxes of exqiisitely chased gold marked with his wile's mono gram; in the spacious wardrobes of tha dressing- room were the garments she had worn. The rooms seemed instinct wihb her presence. Chetwynd half expected to see her arise from some chair, or enter at tre door, the impression of her near presence was so strangely vivid. He walked for hours in the long closed rooms, until the fires burned low. Then, with his etrang,: anxiety and restless. ness still upon him, he retired to Bernice's bed-chamber. The bed was the same as when she had used to occupy it. He knelt down by the bedside and sobbed alnud For a long time he knelt .there, and gradually he grew calm with the calnitiess of his old despair. He arose and turned down the gas-light to a dim balf-light, in which every object in the room was distinctly visible, and then he flung himself, fully dressed, upon a low c,,u:h before the hearth He could not sleep in the bed in which he believed that Bernice had died. He lay with closed eyes, a travelling rug drawn over him. He was tired and worn, and gradually a sense of sleepiness stole over him, and he dozed uneasily. He was aroused suddenly, with the swift. ness of thought, by a soft touch on his fore. head. He did not open his eyes, and the touch descended again, as softly as a snow flake falls, upon his mustached lips, The touch was slightly chill, but it was like a silent, fluttertng kiss. He stirred-he opened his eyes. And then he saw again the vision that he had seen hours before in the lower- rooms. He beheld Bernice- Bernice in the develop ment of a magnificent and splendt-i beauty -with the tender, innocent eyes he had loved; with the sensitive mouth; with the lithe, light, graceful, figure, and wearing still the white robes in which she had been buried. He lay still, scarcely darini to breathe She had glided from him to the distance of a few feet, and was regarding him with an ineffable love and anguish. She opened her mouth as if to speak, but no words came. She spread her bared arms, as if. to enfold him. 'Bernice l' cried out the young lord, in a sharp, thrill voice. 'Bernice, speak to me !' She shook her head sorrowfully, and slowly retreated toward hisedressing.room. With a startling cry, he sprang up from his couch and bounded towards her. She continued her swift retreat, looking backward at him over her shoulder with that radiant face of love and sorrow, and disap. peared in thle dressing-roetn. The door closed behind her. Chetwynd dashed it open, but the vision was gone. He explored ihe bath-room ajoininr.g; he ran out into th. great hal. the door leading into which from ine bathro.ttom lIsng unlocked; he searched the great empty guest-chambers; but he fouhd no trace of his strange visitant. His search aroused Miss Monk, and she appeared in a scarlet dressing-gown, her feet encased in slippers of white down, looking frightened, while old Ragee peered over his shoulder. Cbetwynd apoligized for arousing Sylvia, and made some unintelligible excuse, but kept up bis wild search, being half beside himself. He knocked at Gilbert MIonk's door, hbut there came no response. The door was unlocked, and he entered the room. A light and fire were burning but Monk was not there. Considerably puzzled at Monk's absence from his rooms an hour past midnight, the marquis returned to the hall, where Sylvia still stood, wondering and bewildered. 'Did you hear burglers, Roy?' cried Sylvia. ' Is not Gilbert in his room?' ' No; he is not there. I-I fancied I saw something, Sylvia, and I came to look. That's all. Good night.' ' Was it-was it the spectre again, Roy ?' Yes,' said Chetynd, desperately. ' I fancied I saw her again. Good night.' , 