the ! 0K- sr TREACHERY* ?Q TRUST. BY HEDL'EY RiCft&RDS.; "^'Ut?1.or “Sentence Welsh Princess,” « <?tery,” Etc., Etc* ’Pi'Onounced,' Omeroh “A My CHAPTER AfclCE VISITOR. HAS A un, aear, whatever floes make him so cross thcmslft Alic-e, as she slowly Q-scenced to. h_,er- "boudoir Martin hacllveer.particularlydisagree able at^ lunuhe-on. He was never plea isant with hear- now, but to-day he had sseemcu determin'd to annoy her by his ^sneers and. sarcastic remarks. It was a miserable prospect this life-long union avith a m an whom she did not love, and Vho let her aft* that he barely tolerated i her. I Oh, if I had waited for Sidney !” | Then she hairst into tears, sobbing as 'though her-heart would break. “How tunny As the words were spoken, Alice felt «t soft caressing touch on her head, and lifting at,-she saw a lovely girl regard ing her 'with wide-open eyes. ’ “V, ho is she?” was the question Alice asked herself, as she gaxed curiously at the stranger. She 'Was a slender girl, of - medium height, with a complexion which was almost 'transparent in its whiteness, wtile'tEie flush on her cheeks was quite he-cfin, and the large blue eyes had a briiliancjr which was unnatural. Her hair, which was golden, fell in a wavy mass b-ilow her waist. She wore a dress of.’ dark blue serge, anything but artistic in cut. and soft felt slippers. As tbiey looked at each other the girl laughed a?-ain. Then she touched Alice’s white rolje of soft nun’s veiling. “It’s v-sry pretty,” she said; and her. Raze wai adered to the broad black sash, wbicli e vidently didn’t meet with her approva 1, as she pushed it on one side. By tl jis time Alice was thoroughly puzzled , so determined to question the girl. “Whi > are you?” she asked. “Dor ft you know I’m to be her lady ship?” the girl answered, with another laugh, , as though amused at Alice’s ig noran ce. stiI 1 more puzzled, Alice asked: “W hat’s your name?” “W .i'y name!” and the glrl.'looked per plex ed “It’s—now, what is it? Why, I don’ t believe I’ve got one; but I’ll ask her. ’• - 5Vho will you ask?” inquired Alice, no’ rr quite convinced that the girl was n° t in her right mind. ‘Oh; the ugly little woman.” “Who can she mean?” Alice wonder e< I, as the girl went on. “Would you like me to dance?” Then, without waiting for an.answer, die began to hum a tune, and dance a Scottish reel with so much grace that Alice marvelled. j Presently her movements brought her 3n front of a mirror which was suspend ed over the mantelpiece,1: and as she -caught sight of her reflection she paus ed, ana, clapping her hands, . ex rdaimed: : “How pretty.” Then slie ran to Alice, -.saying, “Liet me have your frock; it’s Tprettier than mine.” | At this demand Alice laughed, at 'which the girl also laughed,still smooth ing Alice’s dress with admiration. “I cannot give you my dress, but you shall have something else to make you look pretty;” and she led the way into .Iher dressingroom, whicli communicated with her boudoir. Going to a drawer, Alice took from it some soft white •swansdown, which (She arranged ■oaround the girl’s throat. “There, now, you look lovely.” The poor girl ran to the mirror, and regarded herself with evident satisfac tion. .Then, seeing that so little made Iher happy, Alice went to another draw er, .and took from it a piece of scarlet •ribbon, thinking it would please her. “Now you can fasten this round your •hair,” she said, holding it towards her. As the girl’s eyes fell on it she sprang back,-and a scream burst from her. “Take it away!—take it away! There’s blood oh it!” she cried. “Nonsense; it’s only a piece of red rib ■.ron," answered Alice,-going nearer, in tending to let her examine it, but the . girl put her hands to her eyes, moaning, ■ as though she was in. pain. Then, as Alice placed the ribbon in -her hand, she uttererd an awful scream, of— “Blood! Blood!” and. rushed from the .room, and through the boudoir. Alice followed her on to the landing, and was just in time to see herdisappear • along an unused corridor, which opened -on to the other end of the landing. “Who is she? Dare I ask Martin?” were the questions she asked herself as she speculated about the girl, who was evidently insane. At last .she was resolved to question her husband, but when they met at din ner he was still so cross and moody that she dare not have named the matter if- he had joined her in the drawing _TO°m. Instead of which he stayed a long time over his wine, then she saw him vi-alk slowly across the lawm smok ing a cigar, as he paced backwards and forwards in the. twilight of the summer night . Bresently the butler came in to light the lamps. "Don’t light them at present, Downs,” Said his young mistress. “Very well, ma’am,” and Dow-ns retir ed, muttering that it . -was a grand shame of the master to leave that pretty .young creature all alone. Perhaps Alice thought her husband would come in. At any rate she sat near the open window until the moon bad risen and flooded the park with her silvery rays. Then she rang for lights, arid soon afterwards left the room. On the landing near her dressing room door she found Martha Gee wait lng, and Alice, who pitied the poor, de ^ formed little woman, said: “Good ^Sht as she passed. * if y°u please, ma’am,” said Mar tha, “would you let me come into your dressing-room, for I’ve s omething to say?” ° ‘course, Martha,” and Alice open .. . the door, the woman following her into the room. “is your maid anywhere about, niaam?” , ‘ 1^°: ®he won’t come until I ring for -her, said Alice. as she seated herself in ehair- waiting to hear what Mar 4ii3. h&d; 'to say. * “Excuse me, ma’am, but you see it’s a matter of importance. I wanted to know if anyone' came in here this after moon?” | “Any one! What do you mean?” ask !4C«r tQ Alice, instantly thinking of the orange visitor she had had. "A young girl, ma’am,” and the w<> hlan looked keenly at her mistress, “Yes; a girl came into my boudoir—a very queer girl. Who is she?” • A smothered groan burst from Martha Gee; then in a moment she said; “Oh, ma’am, did you mention her to' ! the master?” "No; I inteded doing so, but I hadn’t the opportunity,” replied Alice, not car- i ing to let even the old servant think that she dare not question Martin on the subject. “Thank goodness! Oh, ma’am, it’s1 saved a lot of trouble.” 1 Alice’s curiosity was now fully arous ed, so she said: “Who is she?” “Well, ma’am, it’s a secret, but she’s the late Mr Barron’s illegitimate daughter. Not being in her right mind lie put her in my charge rather than place her in an asylum, and of course Mr Martin wouldn’t turn her out, though he’s very sensitive about it, and cannot so much as bear to hear her name mentioned. Of course the servants know nothing about her.” { “Do you mean to say they “don’t know she’s in the house ?” “No, ma'am; they don’t. You sec, there’s a private room in one of the wings, as no one but the .master of the house and I know of, and she lives in it. She’s waited on just like a lady and well seen to,- but it wouldn’t do for her to be at large, or she might do some mis chief.” “How aid she manage to get away from you this afternoon ?” “To tell the truth, ma’am, I fell asleep and the door of her room wasn’t pro perly fastened. But you won’t tell the master that, or he’d go nearly wild if, he thought she’d been wandering about the house,” said Martha, and her- tone betrayed her anxiety. , “Don’t trouble, Martha, I won’t tell him,” said Alice, anxious -to allay the woman's fears. 'Thank you, ma’am, for I • can feel easy now—at least, if you’d be kind enough to promise not' to mention it to Mrs Sturt, or maybe she’d tell the mas-' ter.” "I won’t mention it to my mother. Of. course, I can understand it is a matter ■! that must be kept secret; but I should j like to come and see the poor girl.” - “Oh no, ma’am, I daren’t let you ! If ! the master caught you in that room he’d be in such a rage; he’d very like never ■ let you out again.” “Nonsense, Martha! He’d be ob liged to let me out,” said Alice, even, her gentle spirit rising at such a sugges “Well, ma’am, I daren’t let you in. You see, even if the master would allow it, it wouldn’t be safe. She might go into one of her tantrums, and then you’d be pretty well knocked about be fore I could get you out of the way.” “Poor girl! Is she ever violent ?” “Yes, ma’am, and if I try to fasten her hair up it puts her in an awful rage, for very little upsets her.” “I know that a piece of Ved ribbon puts her in an awful state. She would have it that it was blood-stained." “Yes, ma’am; that's one of her queer : fancies about red. things. I’ve heard her go on about a bit of red before to day. Did she talk much to you, ma’am?” “Not much; but she told me that she was to be her ladyship some day, though she couldn’t tell her own name.” “No; she forgets it and everything else, but her real name is Mary. I’ll see as she doesn’t come here to annoy you again.” At that moment Martin Barron enter ed, looking quite death-like in the ghastly pallor which overspread his face. “You here, Martha ?” he said, as he sank into a chair. “Yes, sir; I just came to inquire how the mistress was, for I’d heard Mrs Yates say as she wasn’t looking well," said Martha, telling the . fib ' with so much ease that Alice regarded her with astonishment. “But what's the matter, sir ?” she asked, looking at him with some con “Only that I’ve seen a -ghost,” he said, trying to speak in his usual tone. “A ghost! Well, sir, that was a queer thing to see,” she said, looking from him to Alice, who had turned pale. “But you’re frightening the mistress, sir, and I’m thinking as a glass of whisky and water would do you good.” “I daresay you’re right, and I think I’ll have one,” Martin said as he rose; and with a “good night, ma’am,” Mar tha followed him from the room. As they passed out, Alice heard her hus band say: “I saw the spirit of my first wife.” Feeling terribly frightened, Alice pulled the bell sharply, and in a minute or two her. maid appeared, who began assisting her in her preparations to re tire. Meanwhile Martha Gee had followed her master to the smoke-room, and when the door was shut she said: “Now; sir, I'd like to know about this ghost ?” “I can see you think it’s fancy; but it isn’t. After dinner I went on to the lawn, and stayed there smoking until after the moon had risen. Then, tired of sauntering about, and not caring to come in, I crossed the park towards the lodge. When I was a little way from it —just where that clump of trees is— something glided forward, and I saw a tall form clothed in black, with a. hood drawn over the head. As she looked full at me, I saw that it was Agatha. I don’t know what I did, but in a moment the form had vanished, and I came as fast as I could to the house; but it wasn't very fast, I can tell you, as I felt all of a tremble.” “And do you really think it was your wife’s spirit ?” “What else could it have been ?” he asked, impatiently. “It might have been some one got up on purpose to imitate her, and just to alarm you. You know, sir, you’re not a favorite in the neighborhood.” “It wasn’t an imitation, Martha—it was her face exactly, only quieter and sadder-looking.” “Well, sir, I’m sorry you’ve taken to seeing ghosts. It's been hard enough before, but what it will be if ghosts are to be after us, I don’t know,” she said, in a tone that showed she was dispirited. “It’s no use,' Martha, for I believe I saw a ghost; but, there, tell Downs to bring the spirits and hot water.” “Yes, sir; good night, sir," and Mar tha left the room. In the hall she saw Downs, the butler, standing gazing out of the front door, which stood wide open, as the night was hot. “Are you moonstruck, Mr Downs ?” she said, quietly. He turned round sharply. “No, Martha Gee, I’m not moonstruck, but I’m dumbfounded." “Why, what’s the matter?” “Only this, I’ve seen the ghost of Mi Martin’s first wife.” “Where did you see her?” "She was standing on the drive right in front of the door and staring straight into the hall. I can tell you I shouted, and she just seemed to glide away.” “Didn't you follow her?” “No, Martha Gee, I didn’t. My nerves are pretty strong, but they’re riot made of cast iron. I’ll tell vou, though, what I will do: I’ll shut and'bar the door.” The woman laughed. “Do you think you could bar out a ghost? I wish I had seen it.” , “Well, I hope you may, bat I’ll have that door -closed earlier. I’m not going to run the risk of having another such start.’’ ' “What did she look like?” “All in black, but the moon shone on j her face, and it was Miss Agatha.^—I mean Mrs Martin Barron—only she looked more worn and sad like as a spirit should. Yes, you may smile, Martha Gee; but it Was a spirit', and what’s more, I’ll take my oath it’s a warning of death.” “Whose death?” she asked, sharply. "Mr Martin’s, of course. Who else would she come for—unless it" was the young mistress? Deaf-a-me, I never thought of her,” he said, in a tone of real concern. “Or it might be for you, Mr Downs; for you're a very old servant in the family, and deserve a warning as well as your betters.” Her tone was full of mockery, and he turned on her in anger, saying: “Mayhap I don’t need as long to get ready as my betters, and so very likely I’ll hot get a warning. But if I were as great a favorite with the master as you are I’d give him U warning of what’s | been seen.” “Nonsense! I’m afraid you are get ting old, Mr Downs; and now I remem ber, your master told me to tell you to take him the spirits and hot water. He’s in the smoke-room;, and I advise you to take a stiff glass yourself before you go to bed. But, above everything, don’t tell the master what you’ve told me,” she said as she turned away. “It would very like be a good thing for him if I did; but I daren’t risk it, for he’s none too good tempered nowa days,” he replied, as he went to fetch the spirits. “What does it mean? I don’t believe in ghosts, or I should have seen one;” and Martha sighed. “It’s some one playing a trick on purpose to annoy the master. Unless”-And she shuddered as a thought flashed across her mind. “Good heavens, I’d sooner believe it was a ghost than that. Well, I’ll keep my eyes open, anyhow. Whoever it was a warning to, it'll be one to me. Some how I think we’re going to have trouble. If that girl had been seen by anyone but Mrs Martin there’d have been trouble, unless they’d taken, her for a ghost. After all, I won't- try to alter Downs' belief;” and with this reflection Martha Gee turned along the corridor leading to her own room. 