TOPICS OF THE DAY. Tho committee of tlie Prnhrun, South- Yiirru mini Tnoruk Ladles' Benevolent Society report having relieved 17- cascs weekly during the fortnight end ing August (Ith. Tlie eases numbered —OS adults and 21ScldIdreu. The adulta comprised widows, 1XJ deserted wires, married couples, lit; aged and single Individuals. The expenditure for the fortnight was Jjlitl 17h Gd. As sistance Iu clothing may he suuClo "Anerly," Jackson street, Toomk, aud Su money to the lion, treasurer, "Uavensburg," Damlcnong mad, Arma dale, or the hon. secretary, II (J Hawks- burn mad. South Yarra. The OJiurch of England General Parochial Mission, which was carried on In fourteen parishes last montli, will ho continued in twenty-four par ishes to-morrow, as announced In our advertising columns. The Mission is for the recovery of those who have drifted beyond the range of religious lullucuccs, and for tlie deepening of spiritual life. So far, great, success lias attended this effort, and yet greater re sults are anticipated from tlie series of Missions commencing to-morrow. The whole movement -will dose with a gene ral thanksgiving service hi the Cathe dral on Tuesday, 18th hist. Messrs Davey, Flack and Co. have re ceived it cable uiessagq from the recei ver, in Loudon, In the mutter of (he Melbourne BrcWing lind Distilling Co. -Ltd., stating that:, the decision of Urn Court with regard to the proceedings taken will he delivered 011 Wednesday next, 12lh Inst It Is expected that tlie money required to discharge nil nu bilities of the company will then lie available. A short thnc ago the s.h. Llddesdnlc, from Queensland, with a large ship ment. of cattle 011 hoard, enuie. to grief on the Victorian const. A number of carcases of cattle were washed ashore, and concern was expressed lest, through their agency, the much dread ed Queensland cattle tick should he in troduced. Owing to this, Mr Pentium!, Chief Inspector of Stock (who, by the way, is now in Queensland making in quiries as to tlie tick question), arrang ed that Mr Weir, one of the Inspectors of slock, should visit Waterloo Itay.aud other points along the southern coast, to see that provision should be made to ohvlnte (lie danger apprehended from tho washing ashore of the drowned cattle. Mr. Weir, who returned to Melbourne last night, visited Water- Ion May, Sealer's Cove, and Refuge Cove. utql saw 11 carcases In all, which luicl been washed ashore. In no in stance. wore any signs of Hie dreaded tick found; hut, lit make assurance doubly sure, arrangements were made for the burning of all carcases. Mr Weir gave general directions for'tlie carrying out of the work, and to see Unit It Is properly done an officer' of the Block department will leave .Mel bourne this afternoon. Tho following vaccination statistics for 1SD5 are from , the Piddle Health Hoard's rqmt t:— N umber of places where children were vaccinated, -MO; foes paid for- vaccination, registration and travel ling allowances, LflOID ; number of calves successfully Inoculated at tho Royal "Park Dojiot, lid; unsuccessfully, numlmr from which lymph was takeii, 100; uutulier of children vaccinated with calf lymph nt Royal Park, -I'll; at Swan- ston street rooms, 4 HI; number register ed of children successfully vaccinated, 23, -120. Tho poreentngo of vncclnntlous to number of births (deducting infants who died under six mouths of age), 75.07. Messrs Start and ' Rontlo, Mm lion, secretaries, desire to . acknowledge re ceipt of further- contributions towards the fund being raised for tho widow and family- of Hie late Mr Joseph Winter, M.L.A. ; — Philip Bkolinn, Town Hull .Hotel,' South Melbourne,. I.fl Is; John Lowe, 8s; Ohlltern branch A.N.A., Ms (id; 7b .f. Donngliue, A.N.A., LI 0s; member of A'.X.Am-Ch. ' Tho commlttoo desire to close the accoilnts, and would lie vory glad If all HUh.serlptlons, lists, etc., 'were forwarded 'to the secretaries ou or. be-, fore the Gist Inst. ' Special efforts are being put forth Just now lo extend the JnveuUc brunch of tlie Independent Order ' of Rcchti- bltes. A number of. new .tent h. iih the hranclies are called, have reeeutly been formed in various parts of the colony, and on Thursday evening last a brunch was opened by Mr John Vale at Huron, with thirty ..members. Tho opening of the tent was foHowcd by a publle meet ing, In which the juveuilcH took part. Tho July report of the Church of Eng land Seamen's Mission shows that during the month shelter was given to 3110 men and 0347 meals supplied. Over 20 men had obtained work, find 10 had gone to a laltor colony. At three o'clock on Thursday, the 13th Inst., the foundation stone of the administrative wing of tho Austin IIob- pitul will he laid by Mrs T, ,1. Sumner. No formal Invitations arc being sent out by tho committee, who will bo pleased to see nny friends of the Insti tution who may wish to bo present. Tho young folks at Miss Moody's Vic toria Ladles' College, Albert Pork, are holding a bazaar In aid of the funds of tho Children's Hospital, The scliool- Toom has been beautifully decorated by tho children, and the various stalls fiavo licen artistically arranged. Tho Mimes ' nenthor, Campbell, Gnmpton; Evans, I Tnlt, La Mcrt, MToiurln, Golmlcii, Greenwood, CulUford and .Saunders aro assisting at tho stalls. A musical pro gramme 1a given each eycnlngt arid. jfliq bazaar Is proving highly successful Miss Com! Witcawuy, a pnpll only four years old, sang Hen Jlolt to the delight of a large audience lust evening. Miss Moody Is to lie complimented for Inau gurating the Imnur In aid of so deserv ing a charity. So far no objections have been lodged with Mr A. P. Akehurat, the Commis sioner of Patents, regarding the amend ment of tho complete specifications of tho patent, rights of. the cyanide process of extracting line gold from ore which was fully explained In an article in Inst Saturday's "Herald." Objections may he lodged up till 4.30-p.m. on Monday next. Denis Lucas was ehnrgod at. the City Court to-day with housebreaking and stealing at tho residence of Antonio Goiioloto, in Goldshoroiigh bum. The property taken Is valued at LX Detec tive Dalton said that, on being arrested, accused admitted having sold some of the article stolcu. Accused wis re manded till Thursday. A new calling has been brought Into existence by giiosia and Malmtmus— chiefly the former— ns (he latter always fight among themselves, .aud initiate the public into their mysteries by family quarrels. With reference to the story of the haunted bouse at Peterborough, a gentleman who calls himself "A Haunted House Expert," expresses Ids readiness to clear that particular building, or tiny oilier, of all the spirits which may he therein quick er than lightning. He says he lias been honored with the patronage of the no bility and gentry of various countries, ami lias been successful in extirpating some of the oldest ghosts In tlie king dom. A "ghost-killer" must he quite a charming .mid pleasant oecujnillon. _ Many of the anecdotes told oir.Dr Kcalc, Mr Gladstone's head master at Eton, and his constant threat— "I'll flog you"— notably of Ids way of enforcing the lessons of the Sermon on the Mount. "Blessed are the ptiro In liearb" said Dr Keate. "Mind tlmt; It's your duty to ho pure In 'heart. If you're not pure lu heart, I'll flog you." lu Btmssburg there is a family, 20 members of widch are following the cycling pastime, the youngest belug six aud the eldest 02 .veal's old. They must make quite a respectable club when they all go out together. A man named Malre, an onameller, who had appealed against a sentence of two years' Imprisonment passed on him fur cutting ofT children's ears, was tried again in Paris. He iiad nothing less than a mania for depriving child- ren of their ears. His way of proceed ing was if lie saw a hoy iu a lonely place, to go up to him mid say, "WhaL's the matter with your enrV It's bleed ing. Just let me see II." Thou taking hold of the ear he out as much of It off as lie could with a razor Hint he car ried in Ills coat sleeve. Sometimes lie amputated only ihc lobe, hut he was able to carry 01T six em's from as many different bunds, He operated in the broad daylight. The tribunal added three years to tlie original sentence. Mairc expressed astonishment nt the Judge's severity. .We arc Informed that the results of tho charity concert, arranged by the Misses Gilchrist, principals of the ParkvlHo High School, nt tho Hllierninn Hall, on tho 21th of July, In aid of the funds of Miss Sutherland's IJomo for Destitute Children, wore as fellow ' Total rc- celptn, LM JSs. Expenditure — printing, LT>9; rent of hall, 17s tirl; piano, 17s Gd; ad vertising, Ga ; postage and sundry ex penses. 10s. Balance handed to Miss Su therland, Lit 2s. Messrs Gcmmelt, Tuckett and Co. will sell at action, on Tuesday next, at 11 o'clock: Hlcycle-multitig plant, bicycles, and tricycles at No. 108 Brunswick street, Fltzroy. . Tho Police and Warders' Social Club will hold their annual ball In the Exhibi tion Hull, Fltzroy, on the 1st of Septem ber. . Tho Life Boat Crew "Band, of 23 per formers, will piny selections of sacred music to-morrow (Sunday), afternoon, at the Cyclists' Church Parade, Norlhcote Hill. Collection In aid of the Melbourne Hospital, and other charitable Institu tions. Messrs Robertson and Moffat an nounce In our advertising columns the opening of their spring show at their establishment, Bourke street, on Tues day next. Tlie s.h. Edlna makes an excursion on Sunday to Geolong, Porta rlington and BeUnrine Gardens, leaving Queen's Wharf, Melbourne, at 11 a.m.; Courier and Excelsior, Saturday. Saloon tickets are available for return per Kdlna on Sunday. The Edlna reaches Queen's Wharf about 7.40 p.m. Messrs Buckley and Nunn, Bourke street, will open their show of spring and summer novelties on Tuesday next. Messni J. Lyons and Co. will sell by auction on Monday, at 11 o'clock, at the Hall of Commerce, f»2B Queen street, the unredeemed pledges of Mr J. Wagner, West End Mont tie Flete, corner of Bourke and King streets. Messrs Richards and Co., Bourke street, announce In our advertising co lumns the sale of a largo drajM>ry stock. 