These Very Letters. (Written for the "T. 'and C. .Tournai.") "When I was a small boy at school I used to write copies. My suffering: correspond- ent, and the compositors who will do battle with the present manuscript will probably receive this statement with profound incre- dulity; but nevertheless it is true, though certainly I wrote as few of them ns I "possibly could and vilely beyond what tongue can tell. Now, in place of following- the weariful up and down strokes of that unattainable text-hand, had I adorned the pages of the copy- book with rude outlines of birds, beasts, and fishes, I should inevitably have aroused the wrath of the writing-master. Nor would his frenzy have been appeased, though one should have told him, that when he wrote tho immaculate head line of that copy-for ?thea lithographed copy-headings were not -he was doing no other thing than that which I had also done. But it would have been a truthful asser- tion, for our p's and q's which we are en- joined to "mind," our n's or m's, "as the case may be," and the rest of the alphabeti- cal company are nothing else than the like- nesses, defaced by time, and worn by much hard use, of things that are in heaven or earth, or in the waters that are thereunder. Originally our letters were nothing what ever "but pictures. The earliest stage of pie!ure-writing is, naturally, that in which the picture stands simply for the thing de- picted. Drawings, however rude, have of- ten served for a means of communication between people who knew no common lan- guage. A capital instance of this exists in Governor Phillipa's pictorial proclamation to the blacks, which, represented, first a blackfellow spearing a white man, and secondly, a white man shooting a black- fellow. In each case the picture of the murder; was followed by one of the hanging of the offender. As only visible objects or events can be thus represented, it soon became necessary to attach conventional meanings to some of the pictures. For instance, a knife would stard, not only for the weapon itself, but for the act of cutting, stabbing, or killing, and even for so abstract an idea as that of death itself. Many of the ancient inhabit- ant* of America, from the Aztec to the lied Indian, had complete systems of this picture writing, in which, for example, a foot repre- sented a journey, and a tent (denoted by a simple inverted V) stood for a night's halt, so that their number showed the duration of the journey. This method is still used among ourselves io. the hand used to indicate direction, and sometimes in old fashioned printed works to point attention, to a note or important passage. The next stage is that in which the pic- ture stands, not for the thing, either actually or symbolically, but for the name of the thing, as a syllable. This is the principle of the "rebus," usually contrived as a jest or for a puzzle. Thus a tun traversed by a bolt or arrow was tho token of the monas- tery of Bolton; and, to come nearer home for au example, a star and key on the front oe a building in Phillip-street formed the name of its occupier. It would be impos- sible to write a letter by this means in Eng- lish, but in languages possessing a greater number of simple sounds as names of ob- jects, it could'be done. The ancient Egyp- tians wrote in this way; and so to a certain extent do the Chinese. The Egyptian picture-writing, strange to say, is the source not only of our own alpha- bet, but of the letters used by most of the nations in the world. If King Cheops, or his ghost, could see these lines in the "Town and Country Joumai" he would have before him nothing but altered and simplified forms of the very hieroglyphics that adorn the sepulchres and the pyramids, the mum my eases and the papyrus rolls, of his own far-off land aud time! ft cannot fail to be of interest to inquire how this came about. The Egyptians of (say) the 'twelfth century B.C. had a system of about 400 signs or pictures, of which some stood for entire words, some for syl- lables only, while others again had almost the value of single letters. This was prac- tically shorthand, and shorthand in a simple form. Our stenographers would probably be very well pleased with a system in which each syllable could be denoted by a single character. In English, however, 400 signs would not toe near enough, and some thousands would have 'to be remembered. Now, somewhere about that tímela few centuries more or less do not signify-«the Phoenicians, who were the great traders and ship-owners of those days, just as the English are now, began to do a good deal of business in Egypt, and even formed set- tlements in the country. These Phoenicians came from the parts about Tyre and Sidon, and were the race which the Bible speaks of as Canaanites. Like smart business men, as they were, they at once perceived the advantages ol' the Egyptian writing over whatever rude means themselves possessed- probably not amounting to much more than suffi ced to keep tally of their goods. But the method which involved so many complicated signs was too elaborate for those busy merchants, 'though it may have been all very well for lazy Egyptian priests, and accordingly they proceeded .to cut it down to flt their requirements. They pick- ed out some twenty of the symbols which best expressed the sounds of their own lan- guage, and left the other 380 or so. What they copied were not the original picture signs; for by this time the priests had sim- plified these into figures that could be drawn with a running stroke, exactly as the signs of the Zodiac which we find in our almanacs have been simplified from pictures of the ram, the bull, and the rest, into the form in which they now appear. For ex- ample, the picture of a bird became a curly stroke not unlike the figure 2. The Egyptians wrote mainly on papyrus, much like our paper, with ink and pen, but the Phoenicians used tablets. Hence they altered the figures somewhat in shape, sub- stituting straight? lines and angular forms for their curves and sweeps. They carried this writing to all the parts where they traded, and from it come not only the Euro- pean alphabets, but Arabic and Hebrew, the various Indian scripts, and even the Malay. The Enropean varieties concern us most, and we will trace their history only. The Greeks learnt their letters from the Phoe- nicians, almost within historical 'times later, probably, than Homer's day, when- ever that may have been. The Romans learnt theirs from Greek settlers, and we, and most of the civilised world, have fol- lowed the usage of the Romans. The ex- ceptions are 'the Greeks themselves and tho Russians, who, as faithful adherents of the Greek Church, have been influenced by their example. The Germans retain a form closely resembling the "old English" still used by ourselves for decorative writing, and perhaps its crabbedness is the reason why so many of them wear spectacles. If we look at a page of Greek print, we see at once that most of the letters are the same as our own, or not differing more than our several ways of writing vary among ourselves; but in the case of Hebrew or Arabic wo cannot recognise tho likeness. If, however, we compare both of these with the lancient forms, it is quite easy >to see that they were originally the same, only that one set has varied in one way and the other in a different direction. The likeness is best seen if we look at tho capital letters. They are the oldest, and in ancient writing are used alone. The small letters aro really nothing but abbreviated forms of .these, more suited to running hand. Still further shortening of the labor of writing was sought by the use of contrac- tions. All syllables frequently occurring were provided With these compact forms, of which our & is a. surviving instance. In lato manuscripts, and even in printed books as lat« as the 17th century, we find contrac- tions largely used, on the same economic principle as was acted upon by him who signed his name "&rew.;" This was return- ing, to some extent, to the old syllabic writ in.?. One might find many curious things to say of letters-^about their use as numbers, and how the old Greeks and Romans did their sums with them; the former easily enough, the latter terribly handicapped by their barbarous system of notation, which apparently grew out of simple tally strokes, struck out by cross lines at every tenth mark. Or we might deal with the legends that have accumulated round certain letters (such as the Y of Pythagoras, lately fre- quent on the hoardings of our city); or dis- cuss the runes of magic power graven by our Scandinavian ancestors on ship-beam and sword-blade, and on those strange me- morial stones, which some think are nothing but our own familiar A's and B's, cut with a straight-edged "celt" or chisel by men who were not any too certain what-shape they ought to be. But, in order to keep within limits', let us pass these by, and consider how our alpha- bet gets its somewhat peculiar name. In our children's pictured "abcey books," as Shakspere calls them, we are informed that "A was an archer, and shot at a frog; B was a butcher, and had a big dog," and this way of remembering the letters is near- ly'as old as the letters themselves. The Phoenicians gave to 'their letters the names of 'animals and objects whose names began with the same sound. A Ava s called "alef," tho ox; B, "beth," a house, and so on; all of Avhich names may be found in the Psalm as numbers of its sections, and also in Mr. Wragge's nomenclature of storm centres. "Alef," by the Avay, gives us "ele- phant," and "beth" occurs lu dozens of Bible nani es of places, just as "ham" does in those of English towns, and with the same men ni ii er. "Alpha" and "bola" wore the nearest Greek ways ol! writing these words, and hence we have "alphabet," of which the literal meaning is "ox house." So the let tere 'in which this column is printed have a, long history and an ancient pedigree. We trace them from Australia to England-, 'thouce to Rome, to Greece, to tho wandering Canaan i tish merchant, and through him to the hands that drew tho oldest picture characters of Egypt, before tho first stone of the first Pyramid was laid. They seem frail little things to have lived so long, and come sd far! C. P. 