THE STORY-TELLER. A BICYCLE RIDE FOR LIFE. 1 I intended to break the record, ea the slang phrase goes-no tery difficult matter, I reflected, so far as a Canadian winter record on the bicycle was concerned. To do so, however, re- quired judgment. 1 knew that I had the long rise in forest before me and I must reserve myself for that. I went steadily on ! I had crossed the level at last, and I knew I had done well. Tho light was bright econgh to eeo the time, bnt I decided to walt till I entered the forest, lt was no longer quite se easy to keep the bicycle np to speed. There was more effort in the pressure on the pedals, a little more sensation in the muscles of the legs, as I did eo. I looked ronnd. Yes, I had already made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was regular, but not steep enough greatly to reduce my epeed. As I went I glanoed from Bide to eide for I was cenacioas of the oppressive solitude of the forest ; but my pace was not retarded for a moment. One of the sleighing party had been talking of wolves. The winter, it seemed, had been j»n early one, and it certainly had been severe» The wolves, he had said, had been showing in packs not 20 milos to thé north. There was not a sound but the low crisp crunch of the snow under the wheels of my machine, and even that seemed hushed and distant. Yet what was that? Was it fancy, or did I hear something shrill, piercing, yat faint, in the far distance on my right handP Barely there was something-if it was only the wail of a distant gust of wind moaning through the forest pines! I bent over the bicycle end concentrated my energies npon facing the long ascent. There it was again ! It was no wail of the northern wind-no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of a living thing, lt was nature's savage complaint against the pangs of hunger ! On and on we flew. There was not a breath of wind to stir the lightest snow- flake on the tenderest spray, yet my hair was thrown back from my brow, where great drops of perspiration now gathered and began to trickle down my face. On and on ! without a thought bnt that of pressing forward, without a hope bat that sf reaching the descent of the elope and ihe edge of the forest. And as I went I mew that I was followed. From the dim arcades on my right came from time to time a short, gasping howl, cut short in the moment of utterance by thc exer- tions ef the chase. They had seen me, md now they were in f nil cry. It was a racé for bare life. I leant forward, and ihrew-every energy I possessed into the me effort to press on. The trees flitted past rae like ghosts. The long hanging boughs nearly brushed my face as I swept past. The cold air blew in my-face and carried even the heavy for of my coat behind me as I rushed through the night. And yet my pursuers did not loee gronnd. On the contrary, they were gaining. Not quickly, not with a rush ; but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was deadly ; with a monotony that was ghastly beyond expression. 1 clenched thy tveth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fixed on the line of light that stretched on and on in front, as if it would never end ! The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild buzzing in my head, there was a weary feeling growing in roy limbs, there was a despairing sense of the uselessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate it was now that for the first time I saw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on my right-only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a head-a long sharp muzzle-the month open, the lower jaw banging, the ears erectî It crept on. Little by little it gained on me-an inch-only an inch at a time,- but always an inch 'more ! This shadow became a horror to me. At last ! The long straight road made a curve to the right. Not a sharp cnrve, but enough to bring me to closer quarters with my untiring pursuer. In a moment, as I pressed upon the handleB and followed the sweep of the road, he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had given place to the substance-with a long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. . He was* old, for I could see that his hair was grey as it showed in the moonlight. His huge mouth was wide open] showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hung from his slavering jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red .coals gleamed from beneath the thickly matted hair that hung over his face. .There was a look of exhaustion about him that for the moment increased tim horror of his appearance. Involun- tarily I swerved as he sprung, and hie great jaws came together with a snap not an indi from my knee. His leap liad cost him something in 6peed, and he fell back quite half a yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of hie look was a change from the gathering horror of his pursuing shadow, and the change amused rae. My hand went instinctively to the handle of Bob's revolver. ' The familiar touch seemed to reassure me. I drew it from my belt. I weighed it in my hand so as to grow accustomed to it. I dared not tura iu my .eat, and yet I muet get a shot at the gi ixzled leader of the pack. ttiHflnsibly I slackened my paco for a second or two; insensibly the bug« head cfejH up once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in front of ray foot ! Once more be was gathering himself to- gether for a «pring. Once more his blood shot, hungry eyes were turning towards me as he kept up bis long leaping gallop. It was the moment. Quick as thought 1 fired. The ball struck him-struck him, I think, on the shoulder, for with one fierce snarl, that seemed to express pain, disappointment and terror all in one, he rolled over in a heap almost against the rushing wheel of my bicycle. There was a pause in the chase. Once more I turned to the track. Once more I concentrated every energy to increase the distance be- tween myself and my relentless. pursuors. The welcome respite was but a short one. My head swam dizzily with my exertions ; my brain reeled with the long and fierce excitement ; roy limbs grew numb and heavy nnder the desperate strain. Thank Godl I was on the downward slope. Thank God 1 there was at last a prospect of escape. The descent made itself quickly felt. Exhausted as I had been I couldn't have kept it much longer, and I mast have been overtaken. Down the long smooth slope we rushed at a paos that was momentarily increasing. I looked behind me once more. The wolves were following still, but they too were growing exhausted. I glanced at the ascent beyond the bridge ; I glanced »t the labouring pursuers behind ' me-I could do it still 1 I dashed at the ¡bridge. I was across, end now the ascent began. I bent over the bicyole, I forced my weary limbs to exert them once morai For fully a hundred yards the ascent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I seemed to go with each moment. The perspiration poured from my face, my legs and ankles burned as if steeped in liquid fire. I clenched ray teeth and gripped the bandies as ii for bare life, and at each slow tura of thc wheel I seemed to myself to hear thc panting of the wolres behind me. At last I did it ! At tho top of thc slope I turned and looked behind me, The moonlight shone white on the grej leader as he bounded on to the bridge ; two others followed him closely, the reel were scattered behind them on the road Not one had as yet abandoned the chase not one had yet given np hopes of th< prey. I drew my revolver from my bell once more, 1 rested the barrel for i moment on the handle of the maohioe As the leader neared my end of the bridg< I turned and fired. I hit him. With i sharp howl he sprang into the air and fei half across the parapet, then he turnee over and I could see his body glance whitely as he plunged into the rivei below. Exhausted as I was I fount that I could make an effort still I could hear nothing of the wolves, bm yet for aught I knew they might be fol lowing still. Imagination supplied thi place of my dulled senses, ana I coule fancy I heard their panting behind mo-'. could even imagine the sharp scuffling of their feet on the snow. Suddenly i broad stream of light fell across the road There was a sound of voices whiol sounded strangely far away, there wer the figures of men, though theylookei like the men we see in dreams. M; bicycle swept on, but 1 could no longe control it. Everything swam before m; eyes, my limbs refused to move an longer-I felt that I was falling-fallinj -¡ind I was caught in Dr. Jackson' strong arms. -Scribner's Magazine. 