AN AWFUL CRIME. ?'??? ?♦ ? -? JUAN'S SLAYER. An awful crime had boon committed at Ortiz. The wealthy Juan Porea, ho whom ovorybody liked, had bean found doad at his own door, Where waa tho immloror, and who could ho be that would kill such a good old man and rob him too ? That waa the worst of it. Ihoro waa no clue by which thoy could work, and tho officers who came up from Guaymaa wont home again at the and of tho week, weary of their uselesa task. The good padre, who buried the mur dered man out in tho desolate grave yard of sand and cactus, where the sun was so hot it craokod all tho woodon crosses, said a prayor that tho villain might bo brought to justice. But he had littlo hopo that ho would bo. 'He haa disappeared so completely tho devil must be protecting him,' said tho old woman, aa they filed out through a broken epaco in tho crumbling wall that did duty as a gato. ' Poor old Ju'au ia doad, and ho who murdered him is en joying tho blood stained gold ho took from hia pookota,' ia what they thought aa thoy alowly walked homo after the last sad worda had boon said. They passed tho house where tho dead man had lived for so many years, and shuddored whon thoy saw tho dark spot on the ground— stained with tho blood of Juan that flowod from tho ghastly knife-wound in his back. Far away from Ortiz, in a beautiful villago of tho Sierra Madre, , a young man had boen trying for weeks to forget something— trying to convince himself that ho had not committed ft groat crime. Ho had plonty of gold and tho love of a beautiful nmidon it ho could only for got— yos, forget that ho had killed his fathor. Ib could forget it if it was not for that strango whirring1 sound like the flapping of winga that constantly haunted him, Ho first heard it just as ho struck tho f atol blow, and since then it has uovor ceasod day or night. What was that? Surely not the wind. And, if it waa not, why should Leonard Perea bo afraid of a sound— ho who had faced wild beasts and fought Indians ? ' But ho turned ovor in boii aud pulled the clothes over his head to keep away tho sound— that awful sound that first whirred like a flock of pigeons, and thon died away liko an infant's wail. ' I'm suro it has nothing to do with the killing of tho old man,' said Leon ard to himself, but somehow tho whole soone would como up before him. Again he was riding along tho road to seo tho father ho had deserted yoars ago. He was not going because he wantod to see the good old man, but bocauso ho wanted money. Monoy he must havo at any cost. It waa long past midnight when ho knocked at tho door, aud his fathor came out to greet him. Leonard remembers distinctly, and when ho a8ked for monoy took out a bag and gave him a good quantity of gold. But it waa not onough — ho must havo it all. It waa such an easy thing to do. Only a thrust with tho knifo as tho old. man turned to go into tho house after bidding him farewoll, and the gold waa hia. But what was that whirring sound ? The village was in darkness, but it followed ium aa he eped down tho street to hig lioreo, and kept near him aa ho flew ovor tho coun try, farther aud farther away from his crhuo. No, ho nevor got away from it. Tho sound waa always with him, Ugh ! Thero it waa again, and Loonard pulled the blankets over his head. * Morning came but tho whirring sound came with it. At night it waa nearer than iu tho day-time, but it never coasod. ' I won't pay any attention to it to day,' said Leonard to himself aa ho wont for hia breakfast. ' I am euro it nothing, aud has nothing to do with me.' It waa a beautiful day, and tho sun had noarly reached the zenith. Leonard threw himself down on the ground in the shade, of a tveo to got a littlo sleep that ho had boon deprived oE in the night, but had scarcely closed hia eyes— 'Whir— flap, flap—whir.' 'Ugh.' 'Whir. Flap.' Leonard folt a cold breezo fan hia chock no ho jumped to his feet, but thoro was nothing near him. Ho waa alono. By night Leonard's brain waa iu a whirl, The sound was everywhere, Surely it was his father's ghost. Ai)gels had wings, and the old man's spirit must bo passing through the room. 'Lot mo out of this. I don't want tho gold,' aud Loonard flung tho yellow bag of coin out of tho window. Over tho hillo and mountains ho sped, ho know not whoro. But tho sound waa with him. Again ho waa in tho street boforo his father's houso, Oh, if the old man wore only alive, ho could surely provont tho torriblo sound ! Somobody was coming, but Leonard hid in a shadow until thoy passed. ' Anyhow, thoy don't know I did it,' ho thought. 'Whir, whir-flap, flap.' This timo it was closer than it had been before. Surely that- was a - dark form flying through the air. ' I'm not a bit frightened,' tho murderer thought, trembling in every limb. Tho dark form In the air drew nearer and nearer, and tho flapping, whirring sound was fast and furious. ' Keep away, fiends !' yelled Leonard, and he thought he saw a dark, wicked form with cloven foot and spiked tail. He covered his face with his hands and screamed in agony. The dark form camo nearer. ' Mercy, mercy ! '' he howled. ' Awful forms of darknesa keep awayl It waa not I who killed him 1' Tho flap, piug and whirring were close to him, aud Leonard oould see a pair of dark wings spread aa if to enfold him. Ho struck out with hia hand and struggled wildly, but tho winga camo closer and closer. Ho folt clawa scratching his faco and heard wings boating tho air. Surely tho devil had him. A pnin Bhot through hia eyes, every thing grow black, and it seemed as if the flames of hell wore seething round him. He ceased struggling, and lay still in death. The next morning the people of Ortiz founk him lying in the aamo Bpot whore his father's dead body had boon discovered. Tho peoplo were almost crazy with fear. The old padre shook hia head and crossed himself, It waa while they were carrying tho body into tho houso that old Manuel noticed poor Julian's pet black eaglo, that had been missing since he waa killed, sitting on a wall near by. Ilia feathera were torn and raggod, and ho seemed interested in what was going on. But of courso tho eaglo had nothing to do with the death of Leonard— at least, that is what tho padro said. 