Christmas iu Australia. With the approach of the Chris! mas season comes tbonglits of Christmas goose, stuffing, mince pi--s, Christmas pudding, mast beef, and all the dishes t li.tl for centuries have been served at Yule-tide in Merrie England. How i. i.:.. iously wo cling to old customs. Y-:. even out here, where we boast of i ii-erality and progressiveness of our in v be progressive,,!!- — c 'tiecufedly conservative on the matter of cookery generally, and Christmas cookery in paliiciliar. Fancy, now, the difference between Christmas here aud in the old world. There, with snow outside and cur tains drawn, a good fire, steaming goose, li«»l lippf. hl»7in(r nnilflinfr anil snun. dragons are excellent things, no doubt ; so are the furs, as everyone who could afford to wear them finds. But here everything is reversed except the cook ing. That the thermometer will be something between 90 and 100 in the shade is a fairly safe prophecy ; and as for furs, we have left off wearing them for months. Why then hare the blazing pudding and other dishes relished in cold dimes ? Why should we not find a distinctively Australian method of serving Christmas dinner, eren as we go for picnics instead of tellibg ghost siories in the chimney corner and round the fire ? And as we have dropped kissing under the mistletoe, why not drop the snapdragon before it burns our fingers ? Why have it indeed ? What would yon propose as an Aus tralian menu ? I heat a chorus of voices asking. Anything cool. Meal by all means. I would as soon rob a poor man of his beer as an Australian of iiis meat : still, it is not necessary to have the meat hot. Poultry of any and every kind I would favor : but why, oh, why need it be hot ? Tbe poultry is generally sent straight to the table from tbe oven. Vegetables of any kind available are suitable loud far hot wea ther, but good salad with a rich dress ing is more suitable for cold meat and poultry, and much nicer on a hot day than hot cabbage, for instance. Cold pie, custards, compotes of the different fruits, jellies, trifles, etc., are not more expensive or troublesome to make than a hmre plum pudding, and a great deal nicer, don't yon think ? I do, for I aui not so feud of Christmas pud ding. tiucli nice fruit syrups many of you make, sucli nice Australian wines can be had and ice creams.and creamsof various kinds are not hard to make, so why drink hot tea aud coffee ? Excellent drinks on a frosty morning, but not for an Australian Christmas Day. We bare an abundance of fresh and dried fruits at <bis season from which to make our sele>-li<m for the Christmas dessert, aud would Dot miss snapdragon and walnuts if tln-y were omitted from i he list. So far I have alluded only to oaa as pect of the question, and bare been ur ging cold collation simply because it is more suitable to the climate. There is yet another, and no less potent, reason why many of us should have cold Christ mas dinners — it would be much easier for mother. As it is, hristmas Da\ is often tbe reverse of a holiday for her. What worry and work she has preparing me uiuner , anen me cooaing over a hot fire on a hot day, turning and bast ing, making gravies and sauces, dishing and fussing, till ai last, whew she sits dawn to table she has no appetite for meal, nor would you have had yon been like mother, over a huge fire all the morning. A German poet says tbe family ban quet is provided, theD oome disputes as to vrlio shall bring in tbe dishes and who shall wait, and the feast is spoiled. L not this the experience of many middle elass households where no servant is kept ? The labours should he divided, ami all trouble spared to those who wait, ami one great step towards it would be »hc cold banquet. There would be no cO"k ing on Christmas Day: mother wotrid b- cool, clean, and comfortable, and just as ready for her dinner as those not respon sible for it ; and surely mother deserves this consideration. If ihose aiound hei are not prepared to concede it, why, slu- ts a loolish woman not to insist upon it and take care of herself, for selfish people who would wish to keep he working are not worth considering, and if all are agreeable, why, it is mtivh pleasatiler for mother. I cannot understand why delicate, hard-working women think it their duty and necessaty to spend the day all the family is keeping as holiday in making slaves of themselves. A cold dinner could be spread during the morning, dishing and serving wou.'d be done away with, and an immense amount or labor saved. I know some people who hove come from England say it is not like Christmas, with roast beef and plum pudding. Why not yearn for tlie snow and roluns ? loo get on very well without them ; try and do without ibe hot unsuitable dinner. But many of those who are Australian burn and bred have not even ibis slight excuse for the tenacity with wlm-h thev cling to a custom that should long ago bare been obsolete as far as Australia is concerned. Not only tbe hard-working mother who lias to cook Iter own dinner, but the mistress who employs servants should take my suggeslio:-.s into consi deration for the furtherance of her own comfort. It affects her in this nay. It is well known to most mistresses and keepers of registry offices that servants ieare their situations just before Christmas, and find another iary in January. Tliey save their money for the occasion, haw their holiday at a time w hen the holiday fever is racing, escape cooking heavy dinners at a trying Season, and are quite I sure they will find plenty of situations open to tVem during tlie ISrst four weeks of the New \resr, because every second servant has left to enjoy her holidays. One can hardly blame the servants, but I cannot say tlie save for the mistresses. Then it is many havo to tnru to an-- cook their own dinner, and hare much discomfort, or put up with the vagaries of any sort of woman they can get hold of to work at the festive season ; where as, had the mistress arranged matters with due forethought, and let her ser vant know, consideration would be shown to her, tbe girl would probably stay during the Ohristmastide in many cases. ,v u,u % '«»»' '»va i.rin 1 » 1 1,-, l« my readers' attention, and if they ponder over the remarks, the advantages arte disadvantages of the two dinners, viz.. an English Christinas dinner and . an Australian Christmas dinner, iliry' itl' doubtless agree with me, and by next year, at any rate, be progressive and liberal enough to institute a new order of things ; and once it is started, it is amazing bow soon a custom "c-vads. Mrs Jones sees Mi drs so and so and " - """"S copies it, so do her wefgliiiors and friends, and their neigh bors and friends, and so the idea spreads. So do not be afraid to start the custom. It mn«t find plenty oi imitators sooner or later, and in new lands we have lest many old nays. Why not this ? Let anyone who has a valid reason against the change write me and s.t it forth. — Farm and Jlome. 