PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. [FROM THE GALLERIES—BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTERS.] HOBART, FRIDAY.—The Legislative Council met to-day afters recess of twelve days. The Chief Secretary, who is absent in Melbourne, delegated his duties to Mr Piesse, who had not much to do, but what he did do was well done. He in- timated to the House that he had made enquiries in the other branch of the legisla- ture and had found there was no prospect of any business for the Council for a week. The few members present made no remark, and when Mr Piesse moved an adjournment for a week they uttered no opposition. Mr Page is evidently determined to stick to the constitutional theories he evolved at last sitting, and tabled a couple of questions on the subject, which the Chief-Secretary will have to answer when he returns from across the Straits. To-day being one set apart for private members in the House of Assembly, full ad- vantage was taken of it by those having notices on the business paper. The ball was set rolling by Mr Urquhart, who introduced a private bill to amend the Australasian Rights Purchase Act, and as there was no objection raised to the measure it was ad- vanced beyond the first stage. The Attorney- General followed suit with bills to deal with a bill to authorise the Corporation of Laun- ceston to borrow a sum not exceeding £25,000 for supplying light and motive power to the inhabitants ; also a bill to amend the Hobart Corporation Act. These measures were only of a formal character, no discussion taking place upon them, whatever may eventuate when they come up for further consideration. Mr Bradley moved the motion which was intended to appropriate a sum of £2200 as a bonus for encouragement towards reviving the whaling industry. For years past this gentle- man has been regarded in the light of an enthusiast in matters appertaining to the local industries, so that his earnest appeal on behalf of this particular branch of local industry did not come as a surprise to his hearers ; but the voice of the charmer was not sufficient to bring the House to his way of thinking, and on a division the motion was badly beaten. Than followed Captain Miles, who asked that the police should be centralised, and the cost of their maintenance made a charge upon the consolidated revenue. He supported his views very forcibly by quoting extracts from evidence taken some time ago before a committee of the House appointed to inquire into the working of the force to show that centralisation was most desirable. The mere thought of such a proposal had a magical effect upon Mr Burke, who always guards the rights and privileges of municipalities in respect to police control with jealous eyes, and some warm cross-firing took place between Messrs. Burke, M'Williams, and Clark on the sub- ject. The House was to-night, as on former occasions, in favor of severing the control of the police from the local authorities, and the motion was carried by a large majority for centralising the polite force and paying the cost of their upkeep out of the general revenue. The PpoPosED LoakB OoRBotiiurioN kVD Oonvebsioh.— In delivering hit budget speech on Tuesday night the Treasurer of Victoria referred to the proposed consolida tion and conversion of loans, as outlined by Sir Philip Fysh, in the following terms With regard to onr pnblic debt, we have lately heard a considerable amount of dis cussion as to the advisability and 'the advan tage of consolidation and conversion. There is no dotibt this Is a most important ques tion, and one tnat will have to be Very Care fully considered before it is finally dealt with, Xhero are two. ways in which we can act. tte 6an eithei* wait until loans fall due and redeem them at a Id&et; fete of in terest, or endeavor to Induce tbe holders of j the existing stock to accept a larger amount I of prinolpal at a lower rate of interest. That means adding considerably to the pablic auot, out., at iue name urne, wc save interest, and if we add it to the amount we might be able to form a sinking faud that would In the long run reooup a considerable amount of the Interest and prinoipal we have to pay* I have for several months been maklog in quiries into the matter, and JL find It is a most difficult and intricate subject. I am not ready to advise what course should be adopted, bnt we.shottld endeavor to bring all the colonies into line before long, and a conference should be held with the view of adopting eome uniform System. (Cheers.) This colony should endeavor to have one consolidated stock. That would be advan tageous to tbe holders, ant) wc wonld un doubtedly get a better price for bonds on the London market. If the colonics cotild only combine and have one Australian Oontol, with obe office in London, with a uniform rate of interest, I have no doubt it would be very advantageous to the whole of the colonics. (Oheers.) ABOBDEAOON HALES JUBILEE,— In con nection with Archdeacon Hales* jubilee a service was held in Trinity Ohnrch on Thursday evening. The choir, followed by nine of the clergy knd the Bishop, entered the chnrch singing a processional hymn. The Bev. W. Harry Bdwardes intoned the service, and the lessons were read by tbe Bev. F. B. Sharland and the Bishop. The Bcv. C. J. Brammall gave a short address. The : preacher spoke of the solemn vows which a clergj man takes at his ordiaation, and of the j hard work and trials whioh he must face, I but these were more than countcibalanoed j by the happiness of knowing that many times comfort and help had cume to those to whom he ministered. The recognition of I help given stimulated and enoouraged a J clergyman, and the frank expression of dis- 1 gentle diecuesicn, after which, even if they still held diffetcot viewB, cach would better st-e the othei's honest disirc for truth, The preacher then addressed his younger bro thers in tbe ministry, and then, turning to tbe Aichdeacon, be said, 'And you, my venerable brother, must, I am sure, feel comforted by the many evidences around you that your work has not been in vain, and 1 pray that you may long continue the asfful end good work in which you have been en gaged dniing the last 60 }earB.' After tbe service the Bishop and clergy and friends attended a social at the Mechanics' Institute. At the door the Archdeacon was met by the St. Joseph's Band, who played several selections. The Archdeacon thanked them warmly for the honor they had shown him. During the evening letters of con gratulation were read from friendB who who were unable to be present. One letter was from Dr. Momeiie, in London, and , another from a former parishioner now in I Western Australia, wbo sentoongratnlatioos on behalf of himself and several friends in - tbat colony. Nobthebn Confbbence.— A meeting of tbe executive committee recently ap pointed to carry out the project of holding a conference of clergy and laity in Launces ton after tbe session of Synod in Hobart was held at St.; John's Parsonage on Thurs day afternoon, when £there were present Revs. Wilson (Georgetown, in the chair), Brammall (Westbury), Tarleton (Delo rainc), Christie '(Carrick) j Messrs. A. Weodon, J. O. Gendcn, W. A. Wbitaker ; Bev. W. H. Edwardes and MrB. Whitfeld (jsint secretaries). Dlccussion took place as to ways and means, and it was decided tbat the conference should extend over two days, and that a public tea be held on one of tbe two evenings, tickets to admit to tea and to the sittings of conference to be lstucd at is 6d each, lne advisability of sccorlrg able speakers to lead in the sub; j-?cts to be dealt with at the conference was advocated, and the committee agreed to guarantee the expenses of thess delegates. The question of date wasleftopen for future consideration, and Mr Whitfeld was de puted to ascertain the cost of the most suitable building in which to hold the con ference and tea, the Albert Hall and Mechanics' Institute being mentioned as the two most suitable from which to choose. Tbe sittings of the conference will be tlxud for tbe afternoon and evening of cach of the morning services with a short address at St. John's and Trinity churches. Canon Kelly was appointed chairman of the executive committee. Kleotbic Light Commodities. — The Launceston Corporation have imported a number of novelties to be worked in con nection with tbe electric light department, and these articles will be on view for in tending purchasers at the Town Hall shortly. Included in these specialities are a cooking stove, couple of warmers for keeping up the temperature of rooms and thus taking the place of gas stoves, a tailor'e'goose, flat iron, grilling apparatus, and other useful novel tics. A public trial will shortly be given under the direction of Mr Oorin, the city Police Coubt.— The Police Magistrate and Mr J. W. Campbell, J.P., occupied the Bench yesterday. John M'Oarthy and John M'Donald were proceoded against for cot ting timber on Crown Lands at Turner's Marsh, leased by Air Fraok Archer, M.H A. M'Oarthy was fined 5s and costs, M'Donald was admonished and discharged.— A young girl admitted having stolen a parasol end two overall pinafores the property of Bowena Bndd. She pleadi d guilty. MrO. G.Doug- las (Douglas and Collins), who appeared for accused, asked the magistrates 'to exercise leniency as Bhe was a first offender. A con viction was recorded, tbe girl being dis charged. John Bcanlon and James Montague or HoBkins were charged on remand with pleaded not guilty. As the evidence wa; not sufficient to connect Montague with the theft be was discharged, and Scanlon, who bad a bad rccord, waB found guilty of re ceiving, and sentenced to four months1 im prisonment. Tbavellebs. — Amongst the passengers by tbo express train for Hobart yesterday were Bishop Montgomery, Mr 'F. Back (general manager of Tasmanian railways), and Mr Bernard Shaw (Commissioner of Police). Skatikg Caeniyal. — Last night tbe skating carnival in connection with the Niagara Skating Rink, which took place on Wednesday, was repeated at the rink. There was a fair attendance of ladies and gentle men in plain and fancy dress, and skating was indulged in until tbe small hours of the morning. & graua m&rcu;, ica uy sir and Mis J. W. H. Martin, was hel l during the evening, and proved an cffiotivo Bight, Prizes were presented duridg the evening to the following Best dressed lady. Miss A. Sing ; most original lady's costume, Miss Bmlly Kilby ; best lady skater, Miss M. Foley ; best dressed gentleman, Mr E. Youog ; and most oomical drees, Mr J. Kitby ('Ghost''). Refreshments were served *t half -past 11. 