"A GOOD HEART." BY REV. J. 0. KYLE, BISHOP or LIVERPOOL. A good heart at the bottom ! " Such is the sadly common expression used about many persons in this strange world. The persons about, whom it is said often give no sign of religion. They are utterly careless, or thoughtless about their souls, to all appearance. They neither read the Bible regularly, nor pray, nor keep the Sunday holy. They seem to think of nothing but amusement, self-indulgence, and the world. Yet these are the persons whose friends are often saying, "Never mind Do not be too hard on them They have good hearts at the bottom 1" And any one who is not satisfied with this excuse is thought narrow, uncharitable sour, ill-natured, or unkind. " A good house at the bottom!" Such is the whole Christianity of thousands in the present day. On the top of their character there is nothing to be seen but constant attention to the trifling things of time, and utter neglect of the things of eternity entire devotion to the life that now is, and a complete forgetfulness of the life to come. But you must not find fault ! You must not mind what you see at the top ! You must | believe they are all ria li at the bottom I Now, is this common talk about "food hearts at the bottom " satisfactory 1 Will the idea bear examination by the light of the Bible? I answer that it will not ! It is a great de- fusion, and a huge fraud, and is ruining many souls. No heart is really good at the bottom when its goodness cannot be seen at the top. No heart deserves to be called good which is not right in the sight of God I Come now, and let us see what account the Bible gives of a really " good heart," What is a wrong heart like? The wrong heart is the natural heart with which we are all born. There are no hearts which are right by nature There are no such things as naturally " good he gets " Ever since Adam and Eve fell, and sin entered into the world, men and women are born with an inclination to evil. Every natural- heart is wrong. If your heart has never been changed by the Holy Ghost since you were born, know this day, that your heart is wrong. What does the Scripture say about the natural heart? It says many things which are deeply solemn, and painfully true. It says that " the heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked." It says that "every imagination of the thoughts of the heart is only evil continually." It says that "the heart; of the sons of men is full of evil." It says that From within out of the heart of man (as out of a fountain), proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, botts, covetousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness. an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness. All those evil things come from within." Truly this is a humbling picture ! The seeds of these things are in the heart of every little baby, when it is born into the world. Babies are not angels," as some people foolishly call them, 'surely I may well tell you that the natural heart is wrong. But is there no one common mark of the wrong heart, which is to be seen in all whom God has not changed? Yes there is and to that common march of the wrong heart I now request your attention. There is most striking and instructive figure of speech, which the Holy Ghost has thought fit to use in describing the natural heart He calls it a stony heart." A stone is hard ; a stone is cold ; a stone is barren ; a stone is dead. What would a man, do in heaven, if he got there, with his heart-on changed and like a stone. By which of the saints would he sit down ? What pleasure could be take in God's presence and company ? Would he enjoy an eternal ' Sabbath, and endless Hallelujahs? Oh I no 1 it is vain to conceal it. There can be no real hope about a man's condition, if he dies with his heart wrong. Can you really suppose that any man or woman will ever enter Heaven without a right heart? Do you flatter yourself that any unconverted person will ever be saved? Away with such a miserable delusion Case it from you at once and for ever. What saith the Scripture ? Except a man be born again be cannot see the kingdom of God." "Except ye be converted and become as little children, ye shall not enter the kingdom of heaven." " Without holiness no man shall see the Lord." It is not enough to have our sins pardoned, as many seem to suppose. There is another thing wanted as well as a pardon, and that thing is a new heart. We must have the Holy Spirit to renew us, as well as Christ's blood to wash us. Both renewing and washing are needful before any one can be saved. Can you suppose for a moment, that you would be happy in heaven, if you entered heaven without a right heart? Away with the miser I able delusion 1 Cost it from you at once and for ever 1 You must have a " meetness for the inheritance of the saints," before you can enjoy it. Your tastes must be tuned' and brought into harmony with those of saints and angels, before you can delight in their company. A sheep is not happy when it is thrown into the water. Arish is not happy when it is easton dry land. And men and women would not be happy in heaven if they entered heaven without " nulli hearts." My warn- ing is before you. Harden not your heart against it. Believe it. Act upon it. Turn it to account. Awake and arise to newness of life without delay. One thing is very certain. Whether you hear the warning or not God will not go back from what He has said. " If we believe not, he abideth faithful. He cannot deny himself." Settle down to quiet consideration of the question before you. Look it manfully in the face, and do not turn aside. Is your heart right or wrong? Think not to say within yourself, "The one can know what his heart is. We must hope the best. No one can find out with any certainty the state of his own soul." Beware, I say again be- ware of such thoughts. The thing can be known. The thing can be found out. Deal honestly and fairly with yourself. Set up an assize on the state of your inward man. Summon a jury. Let the Bible preside as judge. Bring up the witnesses. Inquire what your tastes are where your affections are placed where your treasure is what you hate most- what you love most-what pleases you most what grieves you most. inquire into all those I points impartially, and mark what the I answers are. " Where your treasure is there will your heart be also." A tree may always be known by its fruit, and a true Christian may always be discovered by his habits tastes,' and affections. Yes I you may soon find out what your heart is, if you are honest, sincere, and impartial. Is it right or wrong? Think not to say within yourself, "I quite approve of all you say, and hope to examine the state of my heart some day. But I have no time just at present. I cannot. find leisure. 1 went for a convenient season." Oh! beware of such thoughts again 1 say, beware. Life is uncertain, and yet you talk of a convenient season. Eternity is close at hand, and yet you talk of putting off preparation to meet God.' Alas I that habit of " putting off " is the everlasting ruin of millions of souls. Wretched man that you are! who shall deliver you from this devil of " putting off ?" Awake to a sense of duty. The right and good heart is a " new heart, " It is not the heart with which a man is born, but another heart put in him by the Holy Ghost. It is a heart which has now tastes, now boys, new sorrows, new desires, new hopes, now fears, new likes, and dislikes. It has new views about the soul, and sin, and God, and Christ, and salvation, and the Bible, and prayer, and Sunday, and heaven, and bell, and the world, and holiness. It is like a farm with a new and good tenant. "Old things are passed away. behold all things are become now." Is this heart your own? The right and good head is broken and contrite heart. It is broken off from pride, self- conceit, and self-righteousness Its former high thoughts of self are cracked, shattered, and shivered to atoms. It thinks itself guilty, unworthy, and corrupt. Its former stubbornness, heaviness, and insensibility have thawed, disappeared, and passed away. It no longer thinks lightly of erlend ing God. It is tender, sensitive, and jealously fearful of running into sin. It is humble and lowly and sees in itself no good thing. Is this heart your own I A right and good heart is a heart that believeth on Christ alone for salvation, and in which Christ dwells by faith. It rests all its hopes of pardon and eternal life on Christ's atonement, Christ's mediation, and Christ's intercession. It is sprinkled in Christ's blood from an evil conscience. It turns to Christ as the com- pass-needle turns to the north. It looks to Christ for daily peace, mercy, and grace, as the sunflower looks to the sun. Is this heart ' your ' own ? Last, but not least, the right and good heart is honest, and single, and true. There is nothing about it of falsehood, hypocrisy, or part-acting. It is not double or divided. It really is what It professes to be feels what it professes to feel, and believes what it pro- ceases to believe. Its faith may be feeble. It obedience may be very imperfect. But one thing will always distinguish the right heart. Its religion will be real, genuine, thorough, and sincere. Is this heart your own? If you had lived in Palestine, in the days when Jesus was upon earth, you would have sought his help if you had been sick. If you had been crushed down by some sore bodily disease in some back lane of Caper- name, or in some cottage by the blue waters of the sea of Galilee, you would surely have gone to Jesus for a cure. You would have sat by the wayside day after day waiting for His appearance. You would have sought Him, if He did not happen to come under your dwelling, and never rested till you found Him. Oh I why not do the same this very day for the sickness of your soul 1 Why not apply at once to the Great Physician in heaven, and ask Him to take away the stony heart and give you a heart of flesh ? " Once more I invite every reader, high or low, rich or poor, old or young. If you want *' a right and good heart," do not waste time in trying to make it right by your own strength. It is far beyond your power to do it. Come to the Great Physician of souls. Come at once to Jesus Christ. 