TUESDAY'S TRAINING NOTES. MOBPHETTVULE. J Nack&ra;, Floodbird, and Swithin were the first to face the Aiusic at Morphettville on Tuesday morning, the trio being sent once round at a good sound pace. Anglo-Saxon slipped over five furlongs in 1 min. 10 sec. Concussion, Duke of Richmond, .and Surefoot were given long steady work, while Scutum and Security ran three furlongs at a steady pace. Rosedale, who 'was piloted by Beve- ridge, slipped over a mile, but made no time. Miraclum, Thunder Queen, Port Admiral, Fleet Admiral, and Respond were all given steady exercise. Ensign got over a' couple of circuits at half and threequarter pace. The Golden King (Mason) was given a couple of rounds over the hurdles, and the King of the Ring representative shaped fairly well. Supposition, Foliage, and Nomadic were not extended. Jack Tar concluded his work by spurting over four furlongs. Diadem, Trentalto, Pitchery, Rose Park, and The Idler were given useful work, while Hear Hear negotiated a mile in even time. Alveary left half a mile behind in 55 sec., but Thunderer and Wrangler only cantered. Danbydale was Bent a round, and Doric three rounds at half-pace. Mermaid and the Derby colt Eleusinian were treated to long steady work. Dalesman ran a round at half- pace, while Broken Hill was credited with three rounds. Princess of Wales and Blodwen were coupled over a mile and a quarter, which they left behind in 2 min. 30£ sec. Bluff was given long useful exercise. Lord Salisbury and Taliesin spurted four furlongs at the back of the course, but made no time. THE OLD COCBSE. Playboy was the first to put in an appearance on,the Old Course on Tuesday morning, and finished up three rounds by spurting the last few furlongs. Lord Grenville was given long medium work, while Carmelite put in a couple of circuits at half and three-quarter pace. Juliet was bowling along, and left the last round behind in 2 min. 8 sec. Firelock spurted over a couple of furlongs, while Wahine and Dick Whittington were companions in a sixfurlong flutter, the watch registering 1 min. 26 sec. Helena's mission was a round, which she left behind iu 1 min. 5Si sec. Conscript and Gipsy Queen took 2 min. 57A sec. to negotiate a mile and a half, while" De la Volta slipped over six furlongs in 1 min. 25 sec. Confidence was given long work at threequarter pace. All Fours and Angler were together for three rounds, the pair getting over the last mile in 1 min. 581 sec. Havelock ran a round in 2 mip. 5 sec., while The Royalist and Dianthus made even time in a mile galiop. Jack Sprat negotiated his last round in 2 min. 2!t sec. and Strike put in good useful work. Recoup arid Regent traversed a mile in 1 min. 5 sec., the latter finishing in front. Radiant and Gaillardia, who finished together, were ent for three rounds, the last one being got ver in 2 min. 4 sec. Bombastic did useful work, while Simple Jim put iu a couple of ircuits at three-parts pace. Kingfisn was reated to ~som$> long steady work, while igarette slipped over six furlongs in 1 min 4 sec. Sir George was given sound steeplehase work, and got over the last round in 2 min. 7 sec. Trout was given useful exercise. Kirkby was responsible for a mile run in 1 in., 532 sec., while Longbow took 44 sec. onger to get over the same distance. Home ule, The Ghost, and Jackeroo were all redited with good work. Snowdrift and singlass negotiated their last round in 2 min. sec. First Master slipped over six furlongs n 1 min. 26 sec., but Fund was not extended ver a similar distance. Conventioner ran a ound in 2 niiu. 3 sec., while Mompa took 1 in. S7i sec. to get over a "mile. Kake and lectric left six furlongs behind in 1 min 26 ec. Consequence and Eagleliawk put in some seful work. 