THE PRICE OF A LIFE. ; , Br FABIAN BELL, A \ Àothor of « The Maharajah's Diamonds," "After Long Years,". "The Latter îa . Pypher,""HeandBhe,"&c.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. [FOB THB MINK.] CHAPTER XXiy. ETHEL SEES A GHOST. Robert did not fail to keep his .appointment at Ey rall» Cottage on the 'following day, and even to his .mascu- line Benses it was abundantly evident that the dainty afternoon tea presented 1¡o bim was* considerably beyond the taste, and indeed the comprehension of the homely dame who admitted bim, «nd pointed the way to Eulalie's sitting room. This good woman had been a laundress io the old country, but was .destined to become a millionaire when her "old man" should return from the .diggings with "his pile," pending which she was kind enough to let . shabby rooms at exorbitant prices to tenants who " did" for themselves, swept their own rooms, cooked their own food, and' generally paid a big price for a poor article. .Eulalie, received her visitor with some embarrassment, which did not wear off until she forgot it in the hospitable duty of preparing tea by the aid of a little spirit lamp, in a dainty equipage brought from the Old C juntry. With great tact Grimshaw occupied himself with the child, and allowed the mother to wait upon them both, divining by some subtle instinct that it pleased her to do this, and finding it very sweeb to be ministered to by thu fair woman. It gave him a strange, homelike, feeling, which eVded in a bitter pang of jealousy, to sit with the child on his knee encircled by his left arm, while his right hand held the dainty cup and delicate cake presented by her mother. Afternoon' tea wasn't much in his line, but from that day forth it symboled toi his mind the fabled feasts of the gods. V " It's delicious," he said, " I never tapted anything like it before." "I'm glad you like it. I brought the whole service with me from Eng- land. The tea tastes better in these cups, I think." ;"It is perfect," he replied with enthas.iasm, but the remark probably extended farther than was apparent. The ice thus broken, they talked freely, Robert revealing quite uncon- sciously' the simple goodness and honest) of his nature,. Eulalie could not help remembering the line, "An honest man's the noblest work of God." She, thought she understood what the, poet, meant, and was well inclined to agree with him. ? Contrasted with the dark, subtle nature of Hardcastle, the ; transparent natura of her present com- panion was striking as it was refresh- ing. Yet he, too, could keep a secret : he did not tell her anything about Charles Hall. He left early lest he should weary her, and it was Rita who begged bim to return. Eulalie did not wish to second the invitation, but without actual r rudeness she could scarcely refrain from so doing. So a few weeks passed by and Robert was in danger of forgetting the duty which had brought him to the Antipodes, > when he was suddenly awakened from the dangerous dream of bliss by a ohaace meeting with Raymond, who asked him whether he had found Charles Hall- Tbii led to further explanations, and he learned that instead óf siiayiDg in the larger j townships be ahould have prosecuted his inquiries further afield. "Diggers ara a very uncertain set, here to-day and gone to-morow.- Even ina good field they soon get restless and want to move on, and they won't waBte time over a poor one. Of course, fiall is not'a digger, except by faooi .dent j but the party that he joined are diggers and prospectors by trade. No doubt they have gone further afield to some new rush or private discovery of their own." The result of this was that Robert resolved to go up country again with- out further loss of time. But he could not go without saying adieu, to his friends in Ey ralla Cottage. As it happened, Rita had been some- what feverish and ont of sorts all day, and her mother had put her to bed early. . She had just fallen asleep; and seeing the visitor-pass the window " * J . 4 -'!. Eulalie hastened to meet) him at the open door, laying her finger on her lips. »Rita is asleep; she's not very well." " What's wrong ? Shall I fetch a doctor 11 By no means. I think it is just the heat ; she is not accustomed to it. I have given her a little'dose, and she will probably be all right to-morrow. Bat we must speak softly, these wretched'wooden houses carry every sound/' . ^e -followed her into the sitting room. " I have come to wish you good-bye for a little time," he said. "Ihope you áre right about the child," be added, "and that she will soon be well. Give her my love, and this toy to remember me by. You must not let her forget me when T am away." "You are very good, too good. I wish you would nob give her such expensive presents ; something far simpler would please her just as well." Robert shook hÎB head. " Don't interfere, please. Bita and I understand each other." " You are very kind, and she ia de- voted to you, but you must not spoil her. Yon spoke of leaving town, and we shall miss you very much. When are you going V "To-morrow." "Ah." She, drew a deep breath, and looked bim straight in the eyes, r", Where are you going Î" " To Ballarat, and probably beyond. I do not know yet exactly how far." "To the diggingsV "YOB." ... Another4 question trembled on her lips. She hesitated for a moment as if seeking words in which to clothe it. " Do you still think that my-that Sf r. Hardcastle is living V The blood surged through bis red brown skin to the very roots of his fair hair, and his blue eyes had in them that light which speaks of hidden fire under a calm exterior. "Yes-yes-I fear so." "Oh God!" she cried, leaning against the table for support. " You're on the track at last, is it not BO ? Tell me, I must know." He would have given the world to put bis arm round her and snpporb her trembling figure, but he bit his lip instead and spoke with unnatural calmness. Don't excite yourself in that way. I may be altogether mistaken. I was before. I have no certain knowledge." " Mr. Grimshaw, you are deceiving me. " Indeed I am not. I see cause for inquiry, but I know nothing." " You are cruel." " You do me an injustice. So far from being cruel, I would give my life to serve you or your child." >The low tones of suppressed passion thrilled her to the heart. " Don't speak of the child. Do you forget that the man you are hunting is her father!" "Forgetit. No; I sm nob likely to forget it," he cried, bitterly. " Do you think there is a day or hour of my life daring which it is possible for me to forget that he has claims of which he is utterly unworthy, and that I have none." Eulalie shivered, and drew back. " What do you mean Î" "Oh yon need not recoil. I do not wish to offend you. I only mean that I love that child, and you yourself con- fess that she loves me. Yet I have no claim on her, while a man who has never seen her, who does not care for her, who is unworthy to touch a curl of her sunny hair, may appear at any moment and exercise absolute parental authority over her." .'He's her father," murmured Eulalia " All the worse for her'and for you, bub no virtue on his part that I can see. Don't let us discuss this subject. We don't think alike on it Perhaps it is scarcely to be expected that we should. In my eyes he is a bad man, without a single redeeming qualiby, a slayer of the innocent, an oppressor of the poor. I've Bworn to bring him to justice, or ab leasb to make him dis gorgè some of his ill-gotten gains, and if indeed he is still alive I mean to do sp." Eulalie shuddered. "I am. sure you do him an in- justice." "If sp he has nothing to fear, and," he added in a lower tone, "I have nothing to hope." . " And even if be should be guilty," persisted Ealalie, "you are not the the judge," " That is sophistry. It is not I who condemn him, bat his own actions. They carry with them their naturally resulbiug punishment. I wish bim no evil ; if he ie innocent, thab innocence will be easily proved, but his actions have not been those of an innocent man. If indeed he escaped the wreck of the Danbar, his duty was to com- municate with you at once, to relieve your anxiety, and provide for the dis- charge of his jost debts. Has he done so ?" Ealalie shook her head. " Yoa know that he has not, and I say again, that if he is still alive, he is self-condemned." " And yet. Even if he be guilty, I entreat-I implore you-for the child's sake, spare him. Think what a dis- grace it would be to her in after years should ber father be a convicted felon." "Tho disgrace would be the same under any circumstances," said Grim- shaw, sternly. " To my mind ib would be a greater disgrace for ber to be called upon to love and honor such a father than to have the tie between them legally severed. Nothing from without can really defile anyone! Do you mean to tell me thab you would wish the child to be contaminated by the daily and hourly presence of such a man. And yourself, too-could yoa endure it ?" Ealalie grew white to the Hps. Robert's words seemed to probe to her yery soul. She had .tried to believe in Conrad's innocence, but it seemed no longer possible. At this moment a cry {rom the adjoining room made the mother spring to her feet and fly to her darling's side. The child was awake, and wanted to know who was there, and then insisted that Robert should come and see her. Accordingly he was soon by her side, kissing the flushed cheek, and smoothing the tumbled hair. "Dear Rite, dear little one," he said, and his voice trembled with j emotion. She imprisoned his strong right hand between her tender trembling fingers. "Stay with 'Ita, 'Ita love oo," she lisped, and he drew a chair beside the cot and sat down. Eulalie watched them, and mar- velled as often before at their perfect sympathy and accord, for though the one was a strong man and the other a little girl-child,. the Jink between them was without a flaw. Hitherto she had imagined that women alone care for and understand children. She wa3 now beginning to learn that the best men have always an element of the child in their composition. If Robert had been kind to the ehild merely to . win her mother's regard, he could not have taken a more certain means to that end ; but the paternal instinct was strong in him, and he loved the child for her own sake. When at last he rose to go Rita was soothed and comforted. " You have done her as much good as a doctor," said the mother, grate- fully. At the door she laid both hands in his, and murmured, " For her sake, spare him." Robert trembled ; the touch of her clinging hands sent the blood coursing madly through his veins. "Cannot you trust mei' he said hoarsely. "Oh, that I could, but I fear, I fear." " What do you fear?" "I scarcely know. You are so hard." He smiled bitterly, holding her hands in a firm grasp from which she did not try to free them. " So soft, so foolish, so weak, you mean, as to let go -what I think right for a woman s smile. Is that it ¥' "No, but-" "Do not tempt me more than I can bear. If you knew what your friend- ship has been to me, and how terrible it would be to lose it. And yet-I cannot do what you ask." "Whynot?' He dropped her hand suddenly, as if it hurt him. "Why do you always plaad for him-?" he cried, hoarsely. " What has he been to you? The'worst husband a woman ever had. Would yen take him to your heart agaia ? Is he fit to be your husband and that child's father ?" Tt was now Eulalie's turn to recoil. "What do you mean? panrad was not a bad husband to me." " Ob," he cried desperately, " unless a man beats or kicks, or personally ill- uses a womat), she will never confess that he is a bad husband, and even then she is full of excuses. Of course, if you are satisfied-if that ia your ideal of married life." Eulalie drew herself up with dignity. " I think, Mr. Grimshaw, that you are forgetting yourself," sae said. I am sorry that I have asked you something that yon cannot find it in your heart to grant, and I beg to withdraw my request. Good-bye." " Stav, stay a moment, and I will explain." But she had already returned *o the child's room, which she did not quit again that evening. On the following day Grimshaw left Melbourne, and a week later Ethel Rainbird, returning from a walk ia the town, rushed into the room where her mother was sitting quietly at work and cried, " Mrs. Hardcastla's presentiments were right after all. Her husband is still alive." "¡How? Why ? What has'happened ?" "Conrad Hardcastle is alive. He is in Melbourne. I hare seen him." (To be continued on Thursday.) 