"A ToIfflCL‘0;F^::MAQMLANIl • (coryntGin.) ]nc I* ON TEE WAIKATO. |;; nr- S1 ATIIA WEST BURY\ E CHAPTER I. tl It was quite unnecessary for the worthy Dr. Cranium of bump reading notoriety, to elevate his shaggy eye brows after he had run his fingers oier certain portions of my head, to inform me that 1 had the proclivities of the \- vagabond strongly ^FrltfifiWlg niiaCifeim&SwSwe; and a lighter heart, and with a thorough hatred of anything in the shape of work. Sitting here, in the cozy parlor of the “ Black Swan ’■ Hotel, on the Cres cent, Auckland, New Zealand, I, Frank Leigh, feel that I am indeed a rover, as untiring and as restless as the wan dering Jew. I have done the grand tour of the {I known world and have pulled up here at the antipodes for a spell. On the opposite side to that on which I am seated there is a large mirror, which reflects a tall, muscular young fellow of . eight-and twenty, face oval and darkly tanned; eyes brown, keen and honest in expression ; brow, bold and open, with just two furrowed lines upon its _ smooth surface : hair dark and inclined to curl, with a fair-sized beatd. Such am T, as I look at myself in the mirror on this November night, iS~. . In the fire which blazes and crackles in the grate before me I can sec again • many faces that have come and gone during my wanderings. Now it is a black countenance, anon a white one, which instantly changes again to a color neither black nor white, that _ looks at me from the coals; while ‘ domes, steeples, pagodas, temples, mountains and landscapes come and go between. “ If ye plaze, what time are we to start in the morning, eh ?” The individual who presented him self and interrupted my reverie with the above interrogative was not a hand some fellow by any means. Picture to yourself a low-sized youth about six teen, with a skin the color of mahogany and a head that would have graced a giant, if the appendage of a thick mop of unkempt wool upon it could be ac counted a recommendation. This gen tleman, who assumed to the refined ■--~~-AvAtui)tgj3fJEloxy. was none other the Pakeha without attempting their virtues. -i Floxy, otherwise Hapo Tuki, had a: •devil-may-care “boy” from the Eme rald Isle for his Padre, his mother be ing a Maori woman. . How poor Floxy come into the world no one could say; but one thing is certain, viz., that Barney M‘Blatheri gan (the aforesaid Padre) brought the wee coffee colored bundle of humanity hopre to his hut on the Waikato; and here, amid choice language and whisky tippling, the half-blood was nursed un til he was able to run about and scratch for himself. Floxy learned two things while be neath the paternal roof—-to drink like a fish and to speak in the richest ol brogues. Of course, there was a certain dignity about the lad, but when he did unbend and condescend to open up a conver sation, it appeared the strangest of all stiange things to listen to "the dusky rascal chattering in true Irish “patois” and with a tongue that a Dublin Jack een might have envied. For a consideration, Floxy—who, by the way, was well acquainted with every Maori settlement in the Waikato country—had agreed to become my guide and servant on a tour I had de cided to make among some of the more important tribes of the Maori race. The “ consideration ” consisted of five pounds, one suit of blue serge and a double-barrelled gun. For these arti cles Floxy had bound himself to serve me for twelve months, with the under standing that I allowed a pint of whisky and some “ tobaccy ” every week, when procurable, during the term. The half-caste had one quality which shone conspicuously above his other from the same quarter it had been well I for him. V. 1 Turning to look at the rogue, as he ^ stood in the open doorway with a grin on his dark face, I could not help wTsh- F mg that his wardrobe had been in keep- e ing with his effiontry. A female’s hat, n without the ghost of a show of ribbon, a in shape a mushroom, graced his head: while a well-ventilated' coat and trou sers, which originally had been made 8 for somo person of three times the v . guide’s build, clung lo him for bare t: life. - p “ Did ye heat what I axed yez ?” n • “ Of course." n “ Well, it’s waitin’ I am.’’ “ Waiting for what ?” “ To be lould whin we arc to shtart,” cried Floxy, taking off his hatandrub bing his .flax. “ Bother you! I’ve told you twenty times already. Npw, be off and shut the door ” The half-caste obeyed, but the next moment his uncouth profile appeared again at the open doorway. “Shure there’s an oufd frind down shtairs that hasn’t set an eye on me these- three’ years before to-day. Per haps it wouldn’t be convaynient for ye to advance one of thim pints of whisky which ye promised, sur ?” “ No, it is not convenient, Floxy.” V'Thin the divil a toe will I budge wid ye, mark that,” replied the monkey, boldly. I felt inclined to hurl the decanter at him, but thought better of it and gave him the contents instead. ,1 was le th is! oi •si; ni «F ar; mi Ti gr< tw lin CO’ Th cer bre the SCri me natives can ine nuiuiciu “Te Ika Mani," the fish of Mani. Mani, according to their traditions, is a hero—the very Hercules ot their my thology, who achieved many wonderful exploits. He was their first instructor in boat and whare building and the in ventor of the art of twisting flax into cords and snares; he killed the sea monster Tuarua; he is lord of fire and water and likewise of air and sky. To Mani is due the honor of fishing up the land out of the ocean; hence its name, the fish of Mani. The hook on this occasion was the jawbone of one of his ancestors. The fish was hardly above the water before the bro thers of Mani fell upon it to cut it up. Thence originated the mountains and valleys and all the irregularities on the surface of the country. Strange to say, the outlines of the north islana actually resemble the form of a fish and the Maoris even designate the localities corresponding with the respective parts of the fish. The sou thern portion is the head, the north western the tail, Cape Egmont the back fin, East Cape the lower fin. Wanganui, they say, is the salt water eye of the fish; Wariaropa the sweet water eye. Ringoronga is the upper gill, Te Rimurapalhe lower gill. The active volcano, Tongararo, with Tape Jarpo at its base, forms the stomach and belly of the fish. This was certainly an interesting -nmnf-.of the correct knowledge the the ± presented on a map. Crossing the narrow isthmus between Onehunga and Otathahu, I struck out on the Great Southern Road, now the great highway of the interior, then ex tending little further than Drury, small township about thirty miles from the city. Of course there was an extensive trade carried on the broad bosom of the noble Waikato River, which is navigable for several hundred miles but the settlements of the Pakeha did not extend beyond the Papakuri Range, The King Chief, William, had fixed the limit of the white man’s land to this spot and" had issued the mandate, “ so far shalt thou go and no farther.’ Beyond the range there was no vestige of road. Instead of the cozy farms, the fenced meadows, with cattle graz ing therein and the cultivated squares of green and brown that had met our gaze on the other side, there was no thing now around us but a wild and vast panorama of hill and vale' and mountain, thickly strewn with trackless forests of gigantic kauri pines, which made the light above almost darkness to us beneath their towering heads. In other parts of the world I had made most of my journeyings by rail or steamboat, but I soon discovered that a trip up the Waikato meant toil and hardship of no light order. Paths practicable for horsemen were not many on the other side of Papakuri Indeed, the difficulties arising from the nature of the country to be travelled had been mentioned by the guide, who told me plainly that the horses would be a hindrance rather than a help. This -I discovered to be correct before we had gone a score of miles from Drury. ^ theMaori led along -the ridges, honeycombed, wlthv holes and' loose boulders. X Acting on the advice of Floxy, who proved a very excellent guide, I barter ed the nags for a stout canoe from some natives at Kiki and took to the river as the better mode of travel. I had decided to pay my first visit to His Maori Majesty Hold, at Man-' gartouorta, the capital of the various' Waikato tribes. From Kiki the dis tance was only forty-one miles, so we pushed on that day and-part of the night in hopes of reaching the Maori metropolis the next morning. if Fii 