WHEN THE WOKM) WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF M1RRIE ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, Author of 'Ishmael,' 'Dead Men'a Shoes,' 'Lady AudleyV Seoret,' 'Wyllard's Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. Chapteb XXVIL— Bringebs op Sunshine. It was December and the fields and pas tures were white in the tardy dawn with the light frosts of early winter, and Sir John Kirkland was busy making his preparations for leaving Buckinghamshire and England with his daughter. He had come from Spain at the beginning of the year hoping to spend the remnant of bis days in the home of bis forefathers and to lay his old bones in the family vault ; but the place was poisoned to uim for evermore, he told Angela. He could not stay where he and his had been held in highest honor to have his daughter pointed at by every grinning lout in hobnailed shoes and scorned by the neighboring quality. He only waited till Denzil Warner should be pro nounced out of danger and on the high road to recovery before he crossed the Channel. 'There is no necessity that you should leave Buckinghamshire, sir,' Angela argued. ' It is the dearest wish of my heart to return to the convent at Louv^in and finish my life there, sheltered from the world's contempt' 'What, having failed to get your fancy you would dedicate yourself to God ?' he cried. 'No, madam. I am still your father, though you have disgraced me, and I require a daughter's duty from you. Oh, child, I so loved you, was so proud of you ! It is a bitter physic you have given hie to driuk.' She knelt at his feet and kissed his sunburnt hands, shrunken witn age. ' I will do whatever you desire, sir. I wish no higher privilege that to wait upon you ; but when you weary of me there is ever the convent.' 'Leave that for your libertine sister. Be sure she will finish a loose life by a conspicuous piety. She will turn saint like Madame de Longueville. Sinners are the stuff of which modern saints are made. And women love extremes, to pass from silk and luxury to 4 o'clock matins and the Carmelite's woollen habit. No, Angela, there must bo no convent for you while I live. Your penance will be to suffer the company of a petulant, disappointed old man.' 'No penance, sir; but peace and content ment, so I ara but forgiven. ' ' Oh, you are forgiven. There is that about you with which one cannot long bo angry — a creature so gentle and submissive, a reed that bends under a blow. Let us not think of the past. Youweroafool — but not a wanton. No, I will never believe that ! A geuerous, head strong fool, ready with thine own perjured lips to blacken thy character in order to save tho villain who did his best to ruin thee. But thou art pure,' looking down at her with a severe scrutiny : 'there is no memory of guilt in those eyes. We will go away together and live peacefully together, and you shall still be the staff of my failing steps, the light of my fading eyes, the comfort of my ebbing life. Were I but easy in my mind about those poor forsaken grandchildren I could leave England cheerfully enough ; but to know them mother less — with such a father !' ' Indeed, sir, I believe, however greatly Lord Fareham may have erred, ho will not prove a neglectful father,' Angela said, her voice grow ing low and tremulous as she pronounced that fatal name. 'You will vouch for him, no doubt. A licentious villain, but an admirable father ? No, child, nature does not deal in such anomalies. The children are alone at Chiitorn with their English gouvcrnante and the prim French woman, who takes infinite pains to perfect Henrietta's unlikeness to a human child. They are alone and their father is hanging about the court.' ' At court ! Lord Fareham ! indeed, sir, I think you must be mistaken.' 'Indeed, madam, I have the fact on good authority.' ' Oh, sir, if you have reason to think thoso dear children nogleoted is it not your duty to protect and care for them ? Their poor mis taken mother has abandoned them.' ' Yes, to play tho great lady in Paris, where,' when I went in quest of her last July— while thou wert lying sick here— hoping to bring back a penitent, I was received with a trium phant insolence, finding her the centre of a circle of flatterers, a princess in little, with all the airs and graces and ceremonies aud hau teur of the French blood-royal. When I charged her with being Malfort's mistress, and bade her pack her traps aud come home with me, she deafened me with her angry volubility. I to slander her — I, her father, when there was no one in Paris from the Palace Rovale to the Louvre more looked up to. But when I ques tioned my old friends they answered with enigmatical smiles and assured me that they knew nothing against my daughter's character worse than all the world was saying about some of the highest ladies in France— Madame, to wit; and with this 'cold comfort I must needs be content and leave her in her splendid infamy.' 'Father, be sure sbe will come back to us. She has been led into wrongdoing by the art fullest of villains. She will dmcover the empti ness of her life and come back to seek the solace of her children's love. Let us care for them meanwhile. They have no other kindred. Think of our sweet Henrietta— so rich, eo beautiful, so over-intelligent— growing from child to woman in the care of servants, who may spoil and pervert her even by their very fondness.' ' It is a bad case, I grant ; but I can atir no finger whore that man is concerned. lean hold no communication with that scoundrel.' ' ' But your lawyer could claim custody of the ohildren for you, perhaps.' 'I think not, Angela, unless there was a criminal neglect of their bodies. The law takes no account of souls.' Angela's greatest anxiety— now that Denzifs recovery -was assured— was for the welfare of these children, wh»ra she fondly loved and foif whom she would have gladly played a.mother'ja part.' She tad written in secret to.; her cfebjr entreating her to return to England former children's sake and to devote, herself to. them in retirement at Chiltern, leaving the scandal of her elopement to be forgotten in the course of blameless secluded years ; so that by the time Henrietta was old enough to enter the world; her mother would have recovered the esteem of worthy people as well as the respect of the mob; . ...' Lady Fareham's tardy answer had not beett encouraging. She had no design of returning toahonsein which she had never been pro perly valued, and she admired that her sister should talk of scandal considering that the scandal of her own intrigue with her brother in-law had set all England talking and had been openly mentioned in the London and Oxford Gazettes. Silence about other people's affairs would best become a young miss who had made herself so notorious. ' - Ab for the children, Lady Fareham had no' doubt that their father, who had ever lavished more affection upon them than he bestowed upon his wife, might be trusted with the cars of them, however abominable bis conduct might be in other matters. But in any case her lady ship would not exchange Pans for London, where Bhe had been slighted and neglected atl court as well as at home. The letter was a tissue of injustice and egotism ; and Angela gave up all hope of in fluencing her siBter for good, but not the hope of being useful to her sister's children. Now, as the short winter days went by and the preparations for departure were making she grew more and more urgent with her father to obtain the custody of his grandchildren and carry them to France with them, where they might be reared and educated under his own, ere. Montpelier was the place of exile he had chosen, a place renowned alike for its admir able climate and educational establishments, and where Sir John had SDent the nrevious winter and had made friends. It was to Montpelier the great Chancellor had retired from the splendors of a princely mansion but jast completed — far exceeding-his own original intentions in splendor, as the palaces of new-made men are apt to do — and from a power and authority second only to that of royalty. There the grandfather of future queens was now residing in raodesb state, devoting the evening of his life to the composition of an authentic record of the late rebellion and of those few years during which he had been at the head of affairs in England. Sir John Kirkland, who had never forgotten his own disappointments in the beginning of his master's restored fortunes, had a fellow* feeling for ** Ned Hyde' in his fall. ' As a statesman he was next in capacity to Wentworth,' said Sir John, 'and yet a painted favorite and a rabble of shallow wita were strong enough to undermine him.' The old knight confessed that he had ridden out of his way on several occasions when he was visiting Warner's eick-bed in the bora of meeting Henrietta and George on their ponies and had more than once been so lucky as to eee them. ' The girl grows handsomer and is as inso* lent as ever; but she has a sorrowful look which assures me she misses her mother, though it was of that wretch, her father, she talked most She said he had told her he was likely to go on a foreign embassy. If it is to France he goes there is an end of Montpelier. The same country Bhall not hold him and lny daughter while I live to protect you.' Angela began to understand that it was his fear or his hatred of Fareham which was taking him out of his native country. No word had been said of her betrothal since that fatal night. It seemed tacitly understood that all was at an end between her and Deuzil AVarner. She herself had been prostrate with a, low nervous fever during a considerable pnrt of that long period of apprehension and distress ia which Denzil lay almost at the point of death, nursed by his grief-stricken mother, to whom the very name of his so lately betrothed wife was hateful. Verily the papistical bride had uiuujjui u, yrciiuci bi'uuuiu vu bunt iiuusti man even Lady Warner's prejudiced mind had anticipated. Kneeling oy her son's bed, ex hausted with the passion of long prayers for his recovery, the mother's thoughts wont back to the day when Angela crossed the threshold of that house for the first time, so fair, so modest, with a countenance so innocent in its pensive beauty. ' And yet sho was guilty at heart even then,' Lady Warner toid herself in the long night watches after the trial at Westminster Hall when Angela's public confession of an un lawful love had been reported to her by her favorite Nonconformist divine, who had been in court throughout the trial, with Lady Warner's lawyer, watching the proceedings in the interest of Sir Denzil. Lady Warner received the new3 of the verdict and sentence with unspeakable indig nation. ' And my murdered son !' she gasped ; 'for I know not yet that God will hear my prayers and raise him up to me again. Iu his blood to count for nothing — or his sufferings — his patient sufferings on that bed? A fine — a paltry fine— a trifle for a rich man. I would pay thrice as much, though it beggared me, to see him sent to the plantations.' Oh, Judge and Avenger of blood, Thou hast scourged us with pestilence and punished us with fire ; bub Thou hast not convinced ub of .sin. The world ie so sunk m wickedness that murder scares counts for crime.' The day of terror was past Denzil's con valescence was proceeding slowly, but without retrograde stages. His youth and temperate habits had helped his recovery from a wound which in . the earlier stages looked fatal. He was able to sit up in an armchair and talk to his visitor now, when Sir John rode- 20 miles to see him : but only once did his lips shape the name that had been so dear and that occa sion was at the end of a visit which Sir John announced as the last. ' Our goods are packed and ready for ship ping,' he said. 'My daughter and I will begin our journey to Mentpelier early nexjj week.' It was the first time Sir John had spoken of his daughter in that sick room. 'If she ?should ever speak of me in thb time to come,' Denzil said, speaking very slowly in _a low voice, as if the effort, mental and physical, were almost beyond his strength, and holding tho hand which Sir John had given him in saying good-bye, ' tell her that I shall ever remember her -with a compaB* Bionate affection— ever hold her the dearest and loveliest of women— yes, «ven if I should marry and see the children of some fair and chaste wife growing tip around me. She vrifll ever be tho first. And tell her that I tnow she -belied herself in the court end that she waa he innocent dupe of that villain— never big . ?? - : f canBenting companion. And tell her that I pi Jg- her even for that so misplaced affection ?roWadi tempted her to swear to a lie. I knew, bu;, always that she loved him and not me. Xra, from the first Indeed, sir, it was but too easy to read that unconscious beginning of unholy love, which, grew and strengthened like some fatal disease. I knew, but nursed the fond hope that I could win her heart in spite of him. I fancied that right must pre vail over wrong ; but it does not, you see, sir, not always — not ? ' A faintness came over him, whereupon his mother, re-entering the room at this moment, ran to him and restored him with the strong essence that stood handy among the medicine bottles on the table by his chair. 'You have suffered him to talk too much,' ehe said, glancing angrily at Sir John. ' And ITl warrant he has been talking of your daughter, whose name must be poison to him. God knows 'tis worse than poison to me !' 'Madam, I did not come to this house to hear my daughter abused ? ' ' It would have better become you, Sir John Kirkland, to keep away from this house.' ?' Mother, silence ! You distress me worse than my illness ? ' 'This, madam, is my farewell visit. You will not be plagued any more with^ me,' said Sir John, lifting his hat and bowing low to Lady Warner. He wa3 gone before she could reply. The baggage was ready— clothes, books, gun:1, plate, and linen — all necessaries for an exile that might last for year3, had been packed for the sea voyage ; but the trunks and bales had not yet been placed in the waggon that was to convey them to the Tower wharf, where they were to be shipped in one of the orange boats that came at this sea -on from Valencia laden with that choice and costly fvuit, and returned with a heterogeneous cargo. At Valencia tho goods would be put oh board a Mediterranean coasting vessel and landed at Cetto. Sir John began to waver about his destina tion after having heard from Henriette of her father's possible embassy. Certainly if Fare ham were to be employed in foreign diplomacy Paris seemed a likely post for a man who was so well known there and had spent so much of his life in France. And if Fareham were to be at Paris Sir John considered Montpelier, remote as it was from the capital, too near his enemy. 'Heha3 proved himself so bold a villain,' thought the knight. ' And I could not always keep as close a watch upon my daughter as I have done in the last six weeks. No. If Fareharu be for France I am for some other country. I might take her to Florence, put the Apennines between her and that daring wretch.' It may be, too, that Sir John had another reason for lingering after all was ready for the journey. He may liave been influenced by Angali's concern about his grandchildren and may have hesitated at leaving them alone in England with only salaried guardians. 'Their father concerns himself very little about them, you see,' he told Angela, 'since he can entertain the project of a foreign embassy, while those little wretches are pining in a lonely barrack in Oxfordshire.' 'Indeed, sir, he is a fond father. I would wager my lift: that he is deeply concerned about them.' ' 01), he is an angel on your showing ! You would blacken your sister's character to make him a saint.' The next day was fine and sunny, a tempera ture as of April after the morning frost had melted. There was a late rose or two s,till lingering in the sheltered Buckinghamshire valley, -though it wanted but a fortnight of Christinas. Angela and her father were sitting in a parlor that faced the iron gates. Since their return from London Sir John had .seemed uneasy when his daughter was out of his sight ; and she, perceiving his watchfulness and trouble, had been content to abandon her favorite walks iu the lanes and woods and to tho 'fair hill of Brill,' whence tho view was so lovely and so vast, on one side reaching to the Welsh mauutains and on another commanding the nearer prospect of the great fat common of Ottmoor, as Aubrey calls it, which in some winters is like a sea of waters. For her father's comfort, noting tho sad wistful eyes that watched her coming in and going out, she had resigned herself to spend long melancholy hours within doors, reading aloud till Sir John fell asleen. nlavinc backgammon — a came she detested worseeventhanshove-half penny, which they played sometimes on the shovel-board in. the hall. Life could scarcely be sadder than Angola's life in thoae grey winter days ; and had it not been for an occasional ride across country with her father health and spirits must alike have succumbed to this monotony of sadness. This morning, as on many mornings of late, the subject of the boy and girl at Ciultern had been discussed with the knight's tankard of home-brewed and his daughter's chocolate. 'Iudc-ed, sir, it would be a cruel thing for us to abandon them. At Montpelier we shall be a fortnight's journey from England ; and if either of those dear creatures should fall ill, dangerously ill perhaps, their father beyond the seas and we, too, absent— oh, sir, figure to yourself Henriette or George dying among strangers ! A cold or a fever might carry them off in 'a few days and we should know nothing till all was over.' Sir John groaned and paced the room, agitated by the funereal image. 'Why, what a raven, thou art, ever to croak dismal prophecies. The children are strong and well and have careful custodians ; and I can have no dealings with their father. Must I tell you that a hundred times, Angela ? He is a consummate villain ; and were it not that I fear to make a bigger scandal he or I should not have survived many hours after that iniquitous sentence.' A happy solution of this difficulty, which .distressed the knight much more than his stubbornness allowed him to admit, was close at hand that morning, while Angela bent over her embroidery frame and her father spelt through the last London Gkzettc that the post had brought him. The clatter of hoofs and roll of wheels an nounced a visit ; and while they were looking at the gale, full of wonder, since their visitors were of so small a number, a footman iu tho Farehcm livery pulled the iron ring that hung by a chain from the stone pillar and the bell rang loud and long in the frosty air. The Fareham livery ! Tiviuo Ix-foro the Fareham coaches and liveries had taken that quiet household by surprise ; but to-day terror rather than surprise was in Angela's mind as she stood in front of the window looking at the gate. ' ?' ' Could Faroham bo eo rash as to face her \- father, so daring as to seek a farewell inter view on the eve of departure?' No, ehe tolc herself; such folly, was impossible. The visitor could be but one person— Henriette. Even assured of this in her own mind Bhe did not rush to. welcome her niece, but stood as if turned to stone, waiting for the opening of the gate. Old Reuben, having seen the footman, went himself to admit the visitors with his grandson and slave in attendance. 'It must be her little ladyship,' he said, taking her young mistress's view of the case. 11 He would never dare to show his deceiving face here.' A shrill voice greeted him from the carriage window before he reached the gate. 'You are the slowest old wretch I ever saw,' cried the voice. 'Don't you know that when visitors of importance come to a house they expect to be let in ? I vow a convent gate would be opened quicker.' 'Indeed, your ladyship, when your legs are as old as mine ? ' 'Which I hope they never will be,' muttered Henrietta, as she descended with a languid BlowneBs from th« couch, assisted .on either side by a footman, while George, who could not wait for her airs and graces, let him self out of the door on the off side just as Reuben succeeded in turniug the key. 'So you are old lleubeu ?' he Baid, patting the butler on the shoulder with the gold hilt of his riding whip. ' And you were here, like a vegetable, all through- the Civil Ware, and the Commonwealth ?' 'Yes, your lordship, from tho raising of Hampden s regimont.' ' 'And you shall tell me all about it over a pipe and a.bottle. You must be vastly good company ! 1 am come to live here.' ' To live here, your honor?' ' Yes; sister and t are to live here while my father represents his Majesty beyond the seas. I hope you have good stabling 'and plenty of room. My ponies and Mistress ieuriette's Arab horse will be here to- morrow. I doubt I shall have to build a place for my hawks ; but I suppose Sir John will find me a cottage for my Dutch falconer.' ' Lord, bow the young master do talk !' ex claimed Reuben, with an admiring grin. The boy was so rapid iu his speech, had such vivacity and courage in his face, such a spring in every movement as if he had quicksilver in his veins, Reuben thought ; but it was only the quicksilver of youth, that divine ichor which lasts for so short a season. '.It made me feel 20 years younger only to hear him prattle,' Reuben said afterwards. Sir John and his daughter had come to meet the children by this time and there were fond embracings, in the midst of which llenriette withdrew herself from her grandfather's arms and retired a couple of paces in order to drop him the Jennings curtsey, sinking almost to the ground and then l-ising from billows of silk, like Venus from the sea, and handing him a letter, witli a circular sweep of her arm, learnt in Loudor from her Parisian dancing mistress, an apprentice of St. Andre's, not from the shabby little French cut-caper from Oxford. 'My father sends you this letter, sir.' 'Is your father at Chiltern ?' 'No, sir. He was with us the day before yesterday to bid us good-bye before he started upon his foreign embassy, :l replied Henriette, struggling with her tears, lest she should seem s\ child and not the woman of fashion ehe aspired to he. ' He lrf t us early in the after noon to ride back to London and he takes barge this afternoon to Giavesend to embark for Archangel on his way to Moscow. I doubt you know ho is to be his majesty's ambassador at Muscovy.' ' I know nothing but what you told me t'other day, Henriette,' the knight answered, as they went to the house, ;where George began to run about on an exploration of corridors and then escaped to the stables, where Hcm-iette stood in front of the great wood fire and wanned her hands in a stately manner. Angela had found no words of welcome for her niece yet. She only hugged and kisstd her and now occupied herself unfastening the child's hood and cloak. ' How your hands shake, auntie. You must be colder than 1 am ; though that leathern coach lets in the wind like a sieve. I suppose my people will kuow where to dispose them selves?' she added, resuming her grand air. 'Reuben will take care of them, dearest.' 'Why, your voice shakes like your hands ; and, oh,' how white you are. But you ave glad to see us, 1 hof.e'r' 'Gladder that I can say, Henriette.' ' I am glad you don't call me Papillon. I have left off that ridiculous name, which I ought never to have permitted.' ' I doubt, mistress, you who know so much know what is in this* letter '-' said Sir John, staring at Fareham's superscription as if he had come suddenly upon an adder. ' Nay, sir, I only know that my father was shut in his library for a long time writing and was as white as my aunt is now when he brought it to mo. 'You and George and your gouvernante and servants are to go to the Manor Moat the day after to-morrow,' he said, 'and you are to give this letter into your grandfather's hand.' I have done my duty and await your honor's pleasure. Our gouver nante is not the Frenchwoman. Father dis missed her for neglecting my education and walking out after dark with Daniel Lettsome. It is only Priscilla, who is something between a servant and a friend and who does every thing I tell her.'' ' A pretty gouvernante.' ? 'Nay, sir, she is as plain as a pikestaff; thatiB one of her merits. Mademoiselle thought herself pretty and ar.gled for a rich husband. Please be so good as to read your letter, grandfather, for 1 believe it is about us.' Sir John broke the seal_ and began to read the letter with a frowning brow, which lightened as he read. Angela stood with her niece clasped in her arms and watched her father's countenance across the silky brown head that nestled against her bosom. 'Sir— Were it not in the interests of others who must needs hold a place in your affection second only to that they have m my heart I should scarce presume to address you ; but it is to t\\-e grandfather of. my children I write rather than to the gentleman whom I have so deeply offended. I look back, sir, ar.d repent the violence of that unhappy night ; but know no change iu the melancholy passion that im pelled me to crime. It would have been better for me had I been the worst rakehell at Whitehall than to have held myself aloof from tho modish vices of my day, only to coucen trate all my desires and affections there, where it was most sinful to place them. ' Enough, sir. Did I stand alone I should have found an easy solution of ? all difficulties, arid you and the lady my madnesB has so insulted would have been rid for ever of the dospioable wretch who now addresses you. ' J had to remember the dear innocents who bring you -this letter and it was of them I thought when I humbled myself to turn courtier in order to obtain the -post of ambas sador to. Muscovy — in. which' savage place I shall be so remote from all. who ever knew me in this country that I shall be as good as dead, and you would have as much compunction vn withholding your love and protection from my boy and girl as if they were de facto orphans. I send them to you, sir, unheralded. I fling them into the bosom of your love. They are rich and the allowance that will be paid you for them will cover, I doubt, all outlays on their behalf or can be increased at your plea sure. My lawyers, whom you know, will be. at your service for all communications and will spare you the pain of correspondence with me. ' I leave the nurture, education, and happi ness of these, my only son and daughter, solely in your care and authority. They have been reared in over-much luxury and have been spoiled by injudicious indulgence. But their faults are small faults and are all on the surface. They are truthful find have warm and generous hearts. I shall deem it a further favor if you allow their nurse or nurse povernante, Airs. Priscilla Baker, to remain with them as your servant and subject to your authority. Their horses, ponies, hawks, and hounds, carriages, &c;, must be accommodated or not at ypur pleasure. My girl is greatly taken up with tho Arab horse I gave per on her last birthday and I should be glad if your stable could shelter him. 1 subscribe myself, perhaps for the last time, «ir, 'Your obedient servant and a penitent sinner, ' FAUEHAJr.** When he had come to the end of the letter, reading slowly and thoughtfully, Sir John handed it to his daughter in a dead silence. She tried to read, but at sight of the be loved writing a rush of tears blinded her and she gave the letter back to her father. 'I cannot read it, sir,' she sobbed; 'tell me only, are we to keep the children V'' 'Yes. Henceforward they are our children ; and it will be the business of our lives to make them haginy.' ' If you cry, tante, I shall think you are vexed that we have come to plague you,' said Henriette, with a pretty womanly air, 'I am very sorry for hi9 poor lordship,* for he als'o cried when he kissed us; but he will have skating and sledging in Muscovy and he will shoot bears, so he will be very happy.' Chapter XXVIII. —In a Dead Calm. The great bales and chests and leather trunks, on the filling whereof Sir John's house hold had bestowed lv week's labor, were all un packed and cleared out of the hall to uialce room for a waggon-loiid of packages from Chiltern Abbey, which preliminary waggon was fol lowed day after day by other conveyances laden with other possessions of the honorable Henrietta or the honorable George. The youug lady's virginals, her guitar, her em broidery frames, her books, her 'babies,' which the maids had packed, although it was long since she had played with them ; the young gentleman's guus and whip3, tennis rackets, bows and arrows, and a mass of heterogenous goods ; there seemed no end to the two children's personal property, and it was. well that the old house was suiiiciently spacious to afford a wing for their occupation. They brought their youvernante and a valet and maid, the falconer and three grooms, for whom lodgings had to be found out-of-doors. The valet and waiting- woman spent so'aiedays in distrusting aud arranging ail that mass of belongings ; but at the end of their labor the children's room looked more cheerful than thuir luxurious quarters at Chiltern aud the children themselves were delighted with their new home. 'We are lodged ever so much better here than at the Abbey,' George told his grand father, ' we were so far away from father and mother and the house was under a curse, being stolen from the Church in King Henry's reign. Once, when I had a fever, an old prey ruouk came and sat at the. foot of the bed, between the curtaiuR and wouldn't go away. lie sat j there always, till I bepan to get well again. I Duly the fever made me see him ; but I know it v.aa the ghost of one uf the monks who were [jiiug out to star\c when the Abbey was seized by Cromwell's men. Not Oliver Cromwell, jrandfather; but another bad luan of tho name, who had his head cut oif afterwards ; though I doubt he deserved the axe less than the brewer.' There was no more talk of Montpelier ov of sxile. A new life began in the old house in the ] valley, with new pleasures, nnv/ motives, new duties— a life in which the children were para mount. These two eager youn£ minds ruled at the Manor Moac. For them the fish-pond teemed with carp and tench, for them hawks flew aud hounds ran, and horses and ponies were moving from morning till twilight ; for them Sir John grew young again and hunted ; fox and hare aud rode with the hawks with all the pertinacity ot youth, for whom there is no such word as enough. For them the happy grandfather lived in his boots from October to March and the adoring aunt spent industrious hours in the fabrication of flies for trout after the recipes in Mr, Walton's agreeable book. The whole establishment was ordered for their comfort and pleasure, but their education and hapro\ement were also considered in every thing. A Roman Catholic gentleman from St. Omcr was engaged as George's tutor and to teach Angela and Henriette Latin and Italian, studies in which the niece was stimulated to industry by her desire to surpase her aunt, an ambition which her volatile spirits never allowed her to realise. For all other learning and accomplishment!? Angela was her only teacher and as the girl grow to womanhood aunt and niece read and studied together like sisters rather than like pupil and mistress, aud Angela taught Hen riette to love those books which Fareham had given her and so in a manner the intellect of the banished father in fluenced the growing niind of the child. Together, and of one opinion iu all things, tiuub uuu iij£i;tt vitittu uuu lumistereu to the neighboring poor, or entertained their genteel neighbors in a style at once friendly and elegant. No existence could have beeu calmer or happier to one who was content to renounce all passionate hopes and desires, all the romantic aspirations of youth ; and Angela had resigned herself to snob, renunciation wlic-n she rose from her sickbed after the tragedy at Chiltern. Here was the charm of the convent without its restrictions and limitations, tho peace which is not of this world, and yet liberty to enjoy all that is fairest and noblest in this world, for had not Sir John pledged himself to take his daughter and niece aud nephew for the grand tour through France and Italy floon after George!e seventeenth birth day V father Andrea, who was of in.orett.tki6 birth, would go with them, and with suob a cicisbeo they would see and understand allrthe' treasures of the past and the present, antique and modern art. , :: v ? . Lord Fareham was still in the north of Europe; but, after three years in Russia, had been transferred from Moscow to Copenhagen, whore he was in high favor with the King of Denmark. Denzil Warner had lately married a young lady of fortune, the only child and heiress of a Wiltshire gentleman who had made a considerable figure in Parliament under the Protector, but was now retired from public affairs. And all that remained to Angela of her story of impassioned love, sole evidence of the homage that had been offered to her beauty or her youth, was a letter, now long grown dim with tears, which Henriette had given to her on the 6rat night the children spent under their grandfather's roof. 'I was to hand you this when no one was by,' the girl said simply, aud left her aunt Btanding mute and pale with a sealed letter in her hand. 'How shall I thank or praise you for the sacrifice your love made for one so unworthy— a sacrifice that cut me to tho heart ? Alas, my baloved, it would have iit-i-ii better for both of us hadstthou given me tiiyhelf rather than so empty a gift as thy good aarac. I hojxd to tell you lip to lip in one last meeting all my gratitude and all my hopeless love, but though I have watched and hung about your gardens and meadows day after day you have been too jealously guarded or have kept too close, and only with my pen cau I bid you an eternal farewell. ' I go out of your life for ever since I am leaving for a distant country with the fixed intention never to return to England. I bequeath you my children as if I left you a rag of my own lacerated heart. ' If you ever think of me I pray you to consider the story of my life as that of' an in vincible passion, wicked and desperate if yon will, but constant ns life and death. You were and arc, and will be, to my latest breath, my only love. 'Perhaps you will think Bomctimes, as I shall think always, that we might have lived innocently and happily in New England, for getting and forgotten by the rabble we left behind us, having shaken off the slough of an unhappy life, beginning the world again, under new names, in a new climate and country. It was a guilty dream to entertain, perhaps ; but I shall dream it often enough in a strange land, among strange faces aud strange manners — shall dream of you ou my death-bed and open dying eyes to see you standing by my bedside, looking down at me with that sweetly sorrow ful look I remember best of all the varying expressions in the face 1 worship. 'Farewell for ever, 'F.' While- her son and daughter were growing up at the Manor Moat Lady Fareham sparkled at the French court, one of the most brilliant figures in that brilliant world, afrequent guest at the Louvre and Palais Royaleaud the brand new palace of Versailles, where the largest court that had ever collected round a throne was accommodated iu a building of Palladian richness in ornament and detail, a palace whose offices were spacious enough for two thousand servants. No foreigner at the great king's court was more admired than the lovely Lady Fareham, whose separation from her black-browed husband occasioned no scandal in a society where the husbands of beautiful women ware for the most part gentlemen who pursued their own vulgar amours abroad and allowed a wide liberty to the Venus at home ; nor was Henri do MaUort's constant atten dance upon her ladyship a cause of evil speaking, -since thc-ro was scarce a woman of consequence who had not her cavaliere ser vante. Madame de Sevigne, in one of those budgets of Parisian scandal with which she cheered a kinsman's banishment, assured Bussy de Rabutin that Lady Fareham had paid her friends' debts more than once .since her return to France ; but constancy such as De Mai fort's could hardly be expected were not the. golden fetters of love riveted by the harder metal of interest. Their alliance was looked on with favor by all that brilliant world, aud even tolerated by that severe moralist the Due do Montausier, who had been lately rewarded for his wife's civility to Mademoiselle de la Valliere, now duchess and reigning favorite, by being made guardian of the infant dauphin. Everyone approved, everyone admired ; ai»d Hyacinth's life iu tlie land she loved was like a long summer day. But darkness came upon that day as suddenly as the darkness of the tropics. She rose ono morning lighthearted and happy to pursue the careless round of pleasure. She lay down in a darkened chamber never again to mix iu that splendid crowd. Betwist noon and twilight Henri de Malfort bad fallen in a combat of eight, a combat so savage as to recall that fatal fight of five against five during the Fronde, in. which Nemours had fallen, ehot through the heart by Beaufort. The light words of a fool in a tavern, backed by three other fools, had led to tin's encounter, in which De Malfort had been the challenger. He .and one of. his friends died on the ground and three ou the other side were mortally wounded. It would henceforth bo fully under stood that Lady Fareham's name was not for ribald jesters ; but the man Lady Fareham loved was dead and her life of pleasure had ended with a pistol ball from an unerring haud. To her it seemed the hand of fate. She ecnrcelv thought of the man who had killed him. As her life had been brilliant and con spicuous, eo her retirement from the world was not without eclat. Royalty witnessed the the solemn office of the church which trans formed Hyacinth, Lady Farcham, iuto Mere Agnes, of the Seven Wbuuds, while, seated in the royal gallury, a king's mistress, beauti ful and adored, thought of a day when (she too might creep to this asylum in sorrow and deep humility, seeking refuge from a royal lover's inconstancy and tha world's neglect. Tub End. We have received the Australian Journal for August, which is full of very interesting reading mutter. Wciyil's Journal of Fashion for tho Eamo month is also to hand. Wo have reo'aived from the publisher, Mr. A. T. Hodgson, of Flinders-street, a copy of the third edition of the first series of the ' Colonial Al Reciter,' which contains a good assortment of pathetic and humorous selec tions in prose and verse, culled from the best English, Australian, and American writers. An index to all twelve parts down Jo the pre&wit; date is included in the volume. .. 