THE BATTLE OF YALU RIVER. "It wns ou the morning of September 17th, 1S94," said Captain M'Giffin, " that' we first sighted tho Japanese fleot. Our squadron—under Admiral Ting J u Chang —had arrived at tho uiouth of the Yalu River, in convoy of trans ports, the day before. The disembarka tion of the troops, which took place fifteen miles up tho river, occupied the whole of the night. Next morning— Monday, the 17th—eaeh ship went to general quartere, and wo were busy exer cising the crews at the guns, when the Japanese fleet came in sight. It wus a beautiful day, with a gentle breeze, and wo could see and count the number of their ships distinctly. As soon as wo saw the enemy, and before they sighted us, we up anchor and started after them. As they were steaming ahead, and wc were lying still, they made more smoke than we did, and so wo got sight of them before they perceived us. But when wo started in pursuit, they were immediately made aware of our presence by our in creasing plumes of smoke. For a while they seemed to hold off, reconnoitring. They must have knswn that we had six torpedo boats and four gunboats, besides our regular: squadron, and they con sequently thought we were ovcu more formidable than we really were, bocause tho torpedo-boats and the gunboats wore up the river; and of the lot only two of the former joined us during the battle— and that when it was half over. "While thus reconnoitring us," con tinued M'Giffin, " thoy were going parallel to our squadron, and, to the | eyes ot Commodoro Lin, seemed to be i steaming away from us. I shall never forget the effect the sight had upon the poor fellow. We were on the bridge to gether, and upon seeing them,' as be thought, move awav, his face became beaming, and ho cried out, in English he had previously been speaking i Chinese—clapping his hands together and striding along the bridge as he did so, 'Goddam, they retire I Goddura, they retire !' I said, 1 They do not mean to go away, captain. We shall have our fight.' " I was 011 the bridge taking the range when the action began, and all through the action I had little chance of seeing what was going op beyond the fighting of our own ship. I hud time to admire the enemy's lino of battle. But there was hardly time to admire the beauty of the scene before 1 was made aware that the action had begun earnest by tho Ting Yuen opening tire. We followed suit a minuto or two j afterwards, and the Japs soon replied to our music. It was curious to see the I c-ffect upon our officers. A shot passed ! over us : it was only a ricochet ; but it j was enough to put all the fight out of tho , major part of them. Indeed, I may say ! that hardly ope was seen after that. I I saw our navigating ljoufonaut, a Foo : chow man—all a cowardly lot—disappear, j pale as a ghost, from the starboard ; turret at the second shot. 1 had ooeasion j to give him a bit of my mind, or, rather, ■ of my foot, a little later. Something had I gone wrong with the training engine of I one of the turrets, and J was obliged to : go down into tho armored place below to ■ put it to rights. As I was getting down, ; somebody caught hold of my legs and i fried to stop me, shouting out, ' There's no room for any more here—you must go i somewhere .else to hide.' I looked down ' and saw the navigating officer and some | half a score more crouching tliGre in | mortal fear. I was so triad with the navigating lieutenant that I let him have one in the chest with my foot, iniocking all the wind out of him. Tbey let me go down after that, and so I was enabled to put the engine to rights." No wonder the Japanese were victori ous with such a foe. But even this was not tho worst, for Captain M'Giffin found Commodore Lin—commander of tho right wing, and his senior officer on tho Ciic.ii Yuen—iu an eyen still more de grading position than his officers. " Every now and then I heard a strange noise in tho conning-toH'or, below mo," said the captain ; " It was more like tho howling of a dog than anything else I can liken it to, and I was very curious to know what it could be. Itowever, I bad not time to inquire then, But after a whilo I had occasion to go down into the eouiiiiig-towor, in order to fight the ship when, to my astonishment, who should I 6ee but my worthy captain ! He was lying grovelling on his stomach, jabber ing as fast as ho could in Chinese—pruy ius. in fact, "prating and cursing iu tho ' same breath—and every timo a shot struck the ship ho howled like a dog. I shall never forget the sight, nor the sound, as long us I live. I felt inclined to kick him, although I didn't. But all through the engagement, I know when a shot had struck us by his howls, though otherwise I was too tnuch taken up with the fight to have noticed the impact of the shots. "As to the fighting of the Chen Yuen," said Captain M'Giffin, " the worst risk we ran was when she got on fire forward. I was in tlio conning* tower, from whence I had been issuing orders, when a fire broke out in the super-structure over the forecastle. It had made considerable headway when I gave orders for a line of hose to be run out. IVe were then in the hottest of the fight, and the men refused to go unless an officer led them. There was only one willing to undertake the job—the gunnery lieutenant in the port barbette, a fine plucky fellow; but we could not spare him on account of his knowing so many of the Chinese dialects, and so 1 had to go myself. A number of men volunteered to follow me. "We had no sooner reached the forecastle than the awful fire of the enemy's guns began to tell upon us. One after another my men were fairly torn to pieces. A shot from a rapid-firing gun actually passed between my legs, wounding both wrists in its passago, and carrying uway the tail of my coat. I was bending over pulling up a hose at the time. A shell hit the tower, and as it burst a piece struck me. I had just removed it when I received another wound in almost the same place, and from the same cause. " At this time we were being popperod by three of the enemy's ships at close quarters—one on the port side, one on the starboard, nnd one right ahead ; but the one on the port side was doing the most mischief, nnd so the men at the two starboard guns had been ordered to turn their guns round and try to silence the ship that was pressing us so hard on the port side. To do this, of course, they had to fire across the forecastle. When, ihercfore, I and the men who bad volun teered to go with me to put out the fire were about to go forward, I ordered tho head gunner at' tho starboard battery to cease firing at the vessel on the port side, and direct his guns at the ship right ahead, otherwise they would fire upon us. But the instant after I had turned iny hack, a shot knocked the head gunner to pieces, nnd the man who took his place did not know that wo bad gone for ward, and, keeping the guns directed to wards the ship on the port sido, fired. The explosion blew all of us who were left off our legs. The man by my side, indeed, was killed. At the same time, a shot from ono of the enemy's rapid-firing guns ripped across my body, cuttingquito a gash, but not doing any serious injury. I was rendered unconscious, however. Fortunately, I had fallen upon . a hose that had been torn by a shot, ond the water spurting from the rent fell upon my face nnd revived mo." Captain M'Giffin here explained that the two guns were six feet apart, and ho was lying ten feet in front of No. 2 gun when No. 1 went off. " The flash of it," said the captain, " was like an intense flush of lightning. It rendered we un conscious so quickly that, though 1 was so near, I did not hear the report of the gun. When I opened my eyes, I saw thnt I was right in front of the muzzle of the other starboard gun, and that my head was directly in the line of fire. I watched the training of the gun for a second or two; then, realising that .in another instant it would go off and I should bo blown to pieces, I throw my self over the side of the super structure on to the deck below, a depth of some eight feet. As I fell the gun went off. I fell heavily upon my chest, and a lot of blood gushed from my mouth, so that those who saw me thought I was dead, and left me where I was. I managed, however, to get round into the superstructure, near a shell hoist. I hadn't been there long before a shot entered and smashed into tho uptake, I then asked two of the four men at the hoist to carry ine farther aft, so as to got away from the stench of the sulphur, for I could not walk. Wo had not moved far from the spot before a shell burst just where we had been, blowing tho other two men at the hoist to pieces. You will see tho hole the shell made in the superstructure by this photo graph." Captain M'Giffin is still suffering from the wounds he received on bonrd the Chen Yuen, and he thinks that he will continue to suffer from them as long as he lives. When in England there were still pieces of shot lodged in the flesh of his left side and leg, which kopt the wounds from healing. Within the circumference of about a foot ho seems to have been struck by at least from forty to fifty* pieces of shot or shell. How he even came out of the engagement alive is a miracle. " Our men," said he, " con sidered that I had a oharmod life," In addition to the wounds, his clothes got on fire, and one of his eyes was badly injured, so that during the latter part of tue action he was nearly bund. Magazine." 