SPORTING. SPORTING NOTES. [By TAEQUDT.] Looking at the results of last Saturday's racing. on the Old Coarse one may easily vender faov it was he did not back all the winners. It can be seen now that on paper all those which were successful hud.chances sufficiently good to warrant support, with perhaps the exception of Iluree, whose credentials were not of the highest order ; but it is easier to be wiser alter the event than before, and doubtless there were as many who balanced up on the afternoon on the wrong side of the ledger as on the right. Fine weather materially assisted to make the inaugural fixture of the new year a success, and in spite of the increased stakes subscribed by the A.K.C, their Secretary's financial statement will show another profit. The Stewards were not called together, though it was remarked there was one case which might have required investigating. Owing to the dull light the horses in the last race of the afternoon were not very plainly discernible on the far side of the course except by those with powerful glasses, and it was pointed out that the patrons of the club would not have .had to complain on this score had a commencement of the programme been made at lo'olock. Welter Handicaps are decidedly popular in Adelaide, and it is rather surprising that our olubs do not taore often include one in their bills of fare. : No less than nineteen candidates ranged themselves before Air: Cornelius on Saturday afternoon in the opening event, and of these Supposition had a slight call. She was reported to have held her own with Foliage and Nomadic on the track at Morphettville, and as the opposition she .was encountering here was not of the strongest it was thought she would.be equal to scoring. How she would have fared had she got off the mark on favourable-termB-can only be conjectured, but as it was she was one of the last to leave, and she could not make -up her lost ground. Staffa, too, . was. another who was handicapped at the "start, - but he might nearly have won had he been more judiciously handled. Everett, however,' dashed him through his field going along the baok, and he was actually in front on the hill entering the Btraight. He battled on well, but the effort was too much to ask of him, and he was oomfortably beaten in the last furlong by Iluree, while he had also to give way to Nackara, who came on the scene with a late run. Mir. Haimes'deserved a win with Iluree for the patience he has displayed with the gelding.'. It was exactly three years since he won the Welter Handicap at the same meeting.. Soon after scoring in this race he injured ids off hind pastern so badly that he had to be .turned out, and be enjoyed a spell for twelve " months in the Weetunga a paddocks. On being brought in again i he was prepared for xatters&U;'s October Cup, but he pufled up very lame two days before s the race, and he was in retirement for another d o twelve months. His next appearance in d Sublic was. in the Selling Kaoe at theA.R.C. iirthday Meeting won by Fund. Though Black Flag held his place in the market for the Grand National Hurdle Race, ho did not- leave off such a warm favourite as he was expected to. This was owing to the strong support accorded to Conventions, who , found fresh friends when he was "stripped. His trainer had him in capital condition, and those connected with him did. not . seem , in the least to fear Black Eltu;. It is, fortunate, however, for the backers of the South-Eastern horse that the Victorian was present. Had he not taken part in the. contest Conventioner would not have paid more than 2 to 1. Not very much danger was anticipated from Patterson on this occasion, as Jack Sprat was decidedly sore, and it had been found necessary to ease .Radiant in his work. Ensign was hardly ready, bat the Mantbettville division somewhat fancied The Golden King. So far as the actual race was concerned, it can best be described by saying that Blacdc Flag's defeat was proclaimed a. .mile from home, and that at the seven furlongs the only ones with a possible chance were Nalpa, Flood bird, and Conventioner. Nalpa at this stage was going so strongly that his friendB thought he would score, but when the other pair ran up to him on the hill it did -not require very strong s glasses to observe that, bar accidents, Conventioner .would win. floodbird stuck to the chestnut pluclqly, but he was no match for t hinreitherin paoet)r in jumping, audit may. safely be said that the winner is one of the best mirdleraoers we have had for some time. Black Flag gained third honours, but it -was only on sufferance, and of the others The Gulden King, who fenced badly in the early' put of the contest, shaped the best. The Oooee appeared to be travelling nicely when he came to grief, but Haveloak cut a sorry figure. The race cost Mr. Melrose Radiant, the grey receiving such severe injuries as to cause his death. It does not appear very clear how Radiant met with his accident, but it is believed became into oontact with a post with such font that bis whole hip was smashed in, and a post-mortem examination revealed that the cause of his death. It is real hard luck for Mjv Melrose that he should have been deprived of the services of so valuable a hqrse as Radiant had proved himself. The grey was a: first-class jumper possessing plenty of .and had he stood his preparation for and Conventioner. He was reported to have been equally as clever over steeplechase fences as he was over the smaller sticks, and it was the intention of his owner to have raced him over the jumps later on. Mr. Melrose, however, does not intend to allow his loss to stop his racing, 'and I am pleased to say that we shall see the bine'maroon Bash -and blue cap again at no distant date. These colours will in all probability be carried next time by The Star oy JEtohin Hood, 'who is to be given to Fatterson to prepare* Cur tin, who was on Radiant on Saturday, says he Was going capitally at the time- of his accident, and he did not despair of riding him in a winner for the fourth time in succession. There should be no monopoly in horseracing, but it certainly does seem to exist in eonnection with the Fulham Park Plate, and without any blame being attributable to the Hjmdicapper. C. Quinn appears to have a very heavy mortgage over the race, as during the last seven years Foon is the only jockey who has been able to wrest the prize from him. Is it that the Plympton trainer is better [ualified to ride the youngsters, or is it tS at those he pilots are superior animals? "Perhaps both, but in tile case of the latest Fulham Park Plate it is quite certain that for speed Security stood out head and shoulders . above those opposed to him. Nothing whatever had a chance with him from the rising of the "barrier, and had Quinn chosen the time could, I think, have been made equal to Ragamuffins. It is a pity that' Taliesin jumped back from the ropes when the word " Go" was given, as Mr. •Tames preferred him to Lord Salisbury, but he would require to have been considerably better than "his stable companion to have overthrown the winner. If he is as good as reported he should be fancied on Saturday, as he meets Security on no less than 19 lb. better terms. Of the two-year-olds which started in the Fulham Park Plate, I should say Respond will be found the most susoeptible of improvement in time. Security's success' should be encouraging to Mr. H. G. Barnard, whose colours were being carried for the first time, and it was worthy of note that Mr. W. A. Blackler also started his career as an owner with a victory. Referring to Port Admiral's win, it may fairly be set down as a meritorious one, as he finished in his very best style, and it was a treat to watch him shake off the desperate challenge Foon made on Kirkby. The brother to Porcsea ran more prominently than was generally anticipated under his increased impost, and those who pinned their faith to him just missed being rewarded with the tidy little dividend of £13 odd, a splendid price in such a field. Port Admirals price, oy-the-way, was not a bad one. thanks to the support accorded to 'Viking, Nackara, and Foliage's stable companion. Supposition. Viking was prominent for a mile, but ' he took no part in the final struggle. After Sfcaffa's display at the big autumn meetings, it was only a question of time as to when he would score. Many thought that it would be a little later on, but he had done so well since he liad been nnder the cafe of F. Bailey that his friends were in a position to put the money down for him on Saturday. His meritorious performance in-the Welter Handicap under adverse circumstmces caused him to be enquired after .for the ^Lightning Handicap, and he carried a fair amount of metal. Here again he was one of the last to leave the post, and he was not seen until the distance, when Rogers brought him with a brilliant run, and being fortunate enough to get an inside berth he caught My Novel and beat her by a length. By-the-way, I understand that Staffa too is owned by a new racing man, and so many successes will doubtless encourage others. Doubloon showed a lot of pace, and he should be troublesome in the Selling Race on the second day. Young Lucifer has displayed a bold front in several steeplechasos until he has come to grief, but on Saturday he got round without a mistake, with the result that he won. The favourite. Rorke's Drift, put himself out or court by clouting a fence in front of the Grand Stand heavily, but under any circumstances he could not have given Young Lucifer 401b. -Mr. David James tells me that Auraria is doing splendidly in his paddocks :ioar Kapunda. Slie is quite sound,- and we shall probably find her competing in the weight-forage events at our next big autumn meetings. The A.R.C. Grand National Meeting will be concluded on the Old Course on Saturday afternoon. The Selling Race would have read a pretty good thing for Doubloon after his Lightning Handicap performance had his owner taken advantage of his fuU allowance by entering him to be sold for nil instead of for £10, but even with 7 st 11 lb. he will nearly win. If Wahine runs as well as she did in the Trial Stakes at Tattersall's Meeting she will have to be reckoned with, and so will First . Master and Cigarette. However, the places may be filled by DOUBLOON ... 1 FIRST MASTER 2 WAHINE 3 In the Second Hurdle Race Conventioner has been raised 15 lb., but he is so good that it is doubtful whether this will stop him, more especially as he will only meet Floodbird on 9 lb. worse terms, and Nalpa at a disadvantage of 12 lb. Nalpa was very prominent for two miles last Saturday, and he will have something to say in this finish, but another dangerous customer is Gaillardia, 9 st. 9 lb. The last-named ran Conventioner to a length and half at Tattersall's Meeting, and now they meet at a difference of 21 lb. compared to what they did on that occasion. The lot mentioned should supply the situations as follows— CONVENTIONER ... ... 1 NALPA a GAILLARDIA 3 Foliage and Kirkby have both been taken so well care of in the Mayor's Mile that the winner should come from lower down, and I like them— NOMADIC or VIKING j PECCHERY ^ STAFFA 3 The only scratchings for the Grand National Steeplechase since the acceptances have been Rorke's Drift and Havelock, and thus there will probably be some fifteen or sixteen runners. The following is the list, with their riders:— Horse. Weight. Rider. Black Flag 12 7 H. Howie. Banjo 11 12 t-. Ferry. All Fours 11 a J. McGowan. Cataract 10 Mr. T. McFie. Woodfield 10 7 1 Tweedie. Juliet ... 10 5 W. Lee. Taradale 10 3 M. Burns. The Ghost ... ... 10 2 H. Holmes. Doric 10 0 F. BusbelL Confidence 12 O. Hughes. Simple Jim 10 3. Harper. Bombastic 9 a Young Lucifer !) 3 H. Hopwood. Repetition P. Devenev. Sir George _ ... H. Hiscutt. Fishwife... 9 0 J. LyalL Banjo and All Fours are pretty sure to dispute favouritism. A rumour was freely circulated yesterday that Banjo would not start, but as Mr. Ferry seldom announces his intentions until the course is reached it was impossible to verify the accuracy or- otherwise of the report. However, assuming that Banjo will ran and that he is alright, he will be a hard nut to crack, as he is a safer jumper than All Fours. Still, if the mare, who is to have the services of McGowan, be only in the same form as when she ran second to Dungan she ought perhaps properly to be preferred to Mr. Ferry s representative. Cataract will carry Mr. McFie, and he may create a surprise, while Black Flag will have opportunity to make amends for his failure n the Hurdle Race. The Victorian, who on this occasion is to be piloted by Howie, was chooled again over the big fences on Wednesay afternoon, and jumped better than he did n Monday. Juliet is very well,and so isTaraale, but if Young Lucifer again goes straight he may beat them both. The Ghost is talked of as something likely to upset the favourites, but I shall vote for BANJO ... 1 ALL FOURS ... 2 YOUNG LUCIFER 3 Security won the Fulham Park Plate so easily that the extra weight should not stop him from annexing the Dequetteville Stakes. If he is to be beaten it may be by Taliesin, who got off very badly on Saturday, and who will meet him on no less than 19 lb. better terms. The Judge should hoist them— SECURITY 1 TALIESIN . 2 RESPOND 3 There are several with a chance in the Corporation Stakes, but the following result may not be very far wide of the mark :— MARRYATVILLE 1 THUNDERER 2 ALVEARY or KASE 3 Rorke's Drift, who ran in the A.R.C. Selling Steeplechase last Saturday, has been purchased by Mr. Oliver Aiken. No less than sixty-six new members have been elected for the Adelaide Racing Club ince August 1, and applications are still coming in. Postal, Gipsy Queen, and Conscript were ried over the schooling hurdles on the Old Course on Wednesday afternoon, and jumped welL The Wellington and Lake Albert Racing Clubs have dissolved partnership, and the Wellington Club will nold their annual races in January on the West Wellington Course. Owners of dogs are reminded that nominations, with qualifications, for the Morphettville Stakes, _ thirty - two dogs at £3 3s. each, in connection with the Plumpton Company's Coursing Meeting to be held on August 28 and 29, close with the Secretary at 12 noon to-day. In the event of the stake overfilling the ballot will take place at the office of the Company 23, Waymouth-street, at 5 p.m. THURSDAY ATORNING'S TRAINING NOTES. MOBPHETTVTLLE. Kiely was the first to start the proceedings on Thursday morning by sending Miracluai and Thunder Queen for useful exercise. Thunderer and Kosedale were coupled over five furlongs, which they covered in 1 min. 8 sec. Pitchery, looking well, was sent over A mile, Anglo-Saxon accompanying him for the first five furlongs. Fleet Admiral put in useful exercise, while Respond finished up with a spurt over a few furlongs. Wrangler was not extended. Taradale did good work over three miles. Floodbird and Playmate were coupled for a round, the watch registering 2 min. 45 sec. Bloodstone, Surefoot, The Golden King, Supposition, Security, Scutum, and Mermaid only went steadily. Hear Hear, Viking, Nackera, and Concussion were sent together for a mile, which they left behind them in 1 min. 54A sec., Nackera finishing in front. Broken Hill put in a couple of rounds at half - pace. Blodwen, Princess of Wales, and Wlensinian were asked a question over the Derby distance. Princess of Wales and Eleusinian finished together, the time being 2 min. 38 sec. Foliage cantered over Nomadic in a mile spin run in 1 min. 56 Alveary, Trentalto, and The Idler slipped over five furlongs in company in Imiu. 7i sec. Taliesin spurted four turlongs in 53 sec., while Lord Salisbury was 3 sec. longer getting over the same distance. THE OLD COUBSE. Young Lucifer and The Ghost were the first to start, and they put in good work, getting over their last round in 2 min. 6 sec. The Royalist and Home Rule ran a mile and a half in 2 min. 55£ sec. Lord Grenville did long hall and three-quarter pace work, while Black Flag was sent at a sound pace. Dianthus got over five furlongs in 1 min. 12£ sec., and Handover ran four furlongs in 57 sec. Helena was bowling along over a mile and a half, the once round taking her 2 min. Juliet and Gipsy Queen got over two miles in 4 min. 3 sec., and De la Volta left a mile behind her in 1 min. 57 sec. Confidence put in good work, but Doubloon was not extended. First Bolt worked steadily, while Carmelite ran five furlongs in 1 min. 11 sec. Firelock and The Doctor spurted half a mile. Repetition did long strong work, and Barter was bowling along over a distance. Mompa left a mile behind in 1 min. 57 sec. Galliardia and Bombastic came home their last round in 1 min. 59 sec. AU Fours went well over three rounds, the last being negotiated in 2 min. 2$ sea Cigarette wasrestricted to three-quarterpace work. Strike was sent over a distance. Recoup and Regent took even time to run a mile and a halt'. Conventioner was not extended, but Angler put in good work. Longbow and Holly left six furlongs behind in 1 min. 25 sec. Encounter worked steadily. Fishwife,. Hatulet, and Snowdrift were together over a couple ol roundsata sound pace. The Count did useful exercise. Sir George, Woodfield, and Jackeroo put in good work over a distance. Kirkby and Trout were coupled for a mile spin, which Kirkby, who finished in front, ran in 1 min. 51 sec. First Master had a sliehfc advantage over Electric at the end of six furlongs in 1 min. £1 sees. 