There is an ancient journalist in Sydney who spins wild weird yarns of his newspaper experiences. "Once." he prattles, "I had an enemy whom, with all the word-twisting cunning at my command, I continuously maligned in'my paper. But he took no notice. One day, however, his son, dressed in deep mourning, came into the office to insert the advertisement of his father's death. This was my opportunity. I wrote an obituary vicious and villainous with the long restrained vials of my vindictiveness and vituperation. It was a lying, libellous death notice, calculated to make the corpse squirm. I published it, and that same morning mine enemy stood in my doorway. " Ha, ha," I cried, " so you — I have made your — ghost walk, have I ?" He said nothing, but beckoned to a companion. This was a policeman, carrying a criminal summons for libel. I got two years." All of which is a fine upstanding, picturesque lie, only spoilt by the circumstance known to any journalist who knows his craft—tliat even if the libelled man had actually been dead, his relatives would have had grounds for action. De mortuis nil nisi bonum is a legal axiom as well as a sentimental saw, and the man who libels a corpse with alert relatives is.just as liable to an action for slander as the man who libels a live 'un. * * " # # " Hop's " BULLETIN tribute to the memory of poor old Partes was an artistic triumph. It may stand as a master-piece of obituary oblation. # # * # The recommendation of the Lorrner Board against blind persons being appointed magistrates, has been the subject of a good deal of comment. As well it might— "Why should a man not be An excel ent. J.P., Bees use lii* fate unVind Has lelt him void of sierht J It gives him better right. And makes him more than fit Upon the Bench to sit— .For is not Justice Hind There are.many curious cranks in the world, men who collect things, especially. Stamps, "autographs,photos etc., all have had their . turn, but tfye most curious object of aggrega- • iaon is istoihachs—infante' stomachs. Dr. -Neild, Melbourne VNestor of critics and cohnoi^euit^hasji niiique..collection" on .this line. ' He lias made it liis specially, and has 'pickled: specimens ofAgastric developments ; ranging from one to. fiveyear- olds. They are the aftermath of 30 years' post-mortem experi- ' tnces. • - Phil. May has introduced a novelty in the way of "at homes" at his swagger London abode. On these occasions his visitors, who are almost solely of the artistic profession, are expected to bring their sketch-books. Host and guests then take it in turns to pose s model while the rest of the company sit ound and draw, smoke, and chat. The sketches are then exchanged and preserved as mementoes. * * * * A POET'S LIMITATIONS. "The limitations of inspiration vary with the limitations of the writer—a proposition that may be commended to the theologians." —I. Zangwill in the April PALL MALL MAGA ZINE. Since Mrs. Grundy ventured forth Upon this worldly scene, The poet of nude woman's worth Is counted most obscene. I idolise my darling's eyes, Sing praises to her lips; But dress won't let me rhapsodise About her rounded hips. I praise her long and shapely arm, My muse extols her finger, Convention shrieks with wild alarm, If on her form I linger. Her bust at balls meets every eye, In theatres you view it; But prudery demands that I.-;• j . Should carefully eschew it. ~ " * • In fact I'm bound by prudish law. Since decency is meet; And if my muse is chaste 'twill draw A veil from neck to feet. TIT.WILLOW. * * # * The following from a London journal is quoted as showing that the Boers are not all boors :—One of the partially-released prisoners in the late affray was talking- with a Boer commandant in the lobby of a Pretoria Hotel. A Hollander, chancing to be on the 6pot, made some insulting observation to the Englishman, upon which the commandant banged his burly fist in the man's face. " Take that! you Hollander," he shouted, and over the Hollander went. * - * # * Credit is a mine that bottoms on the slate, # # * * A young man married is a young man pa'd. ' - "Vic. coroner Toul lays it down as aii axiom that ".there's nothing so deceptive as eyesight, e'xespt hearing." . \- *'* l*T- * - «. ' * " Too many- cooks spoil the policeman." • - # . # . . *. . gome .expended titles *. J.P.—judiciously packed ;ked : M.P.—Mag-Pie : K.C.M.O,—Eawlonial ' * Cad Mother-Grundied : C.M.G.—Colonial Made Grandee. " Girls are brought up for the marriage market like fatted fowls."—SARAH GBAND. Svengali in his dirtiness of attire is in danger of being outpaced by a well- known Melbourne musical man. Since the coming of Trilby the local celebrity has entirely abandoned himself to the apparently easy task of getting dirtier day by day, and in the event of Fax's costume becoming entirely unwearable this pap8r recommends him to apply at once to the other man for his now well prepared " altogether." Much is being made of the preliminary experiences of the lady rneds. at the Melb. HospitaJ. But no man will be worthy of the name if he does not give these pioneers in female assertiveness a fair show. Apropos of this, during the American war, the soldiers in hospital had an experience of feminine solicitude, uncomfortable perhaps, but characteristic of woman's amiable enthusiasm. One lady, coming to a cripple's bedside, said, " Well, comrade, can I do anything?" "Thank you, no miss." he replied. " Oh. surely," she persisted. " I can wash your feet?"" " Wall, yer ken, if you like," said the soldier, resignedly, "they've already been washed eight or nine times, 1)ut I reckon they won't mind another scrub or two if it gives you any pleasure." The lady passed on, but her fault was on the right side all the same. * '.# . # * ONION" IS- STRENGTH. Outward'from the dance Came the music's sound, . In'her tender glance . All ;iny soul w^s drowned. Music, moonlight, -flower,— In a time like this, Why, with visage sour Did I fail to kiss? Hear me!—All too blind To my evening role, Lately I had dined Tout a I'E&pagmrl.; \- . . \- Hence my loveless mien. Could I melt and stoop, * 'Knowing there had been WYVIS. • * - #:•. # ; The latent from London:—The Chinese of Australiav^when they take a notion .to marry, write to a/matriuigiiial agent in Hc^ig Kong spjnethiJig as-follows-. I want a wife. She inust be* a maiden, under twenty years of age, and must not have left her father's house. She must also have never read a book, and her eyelashes must behalf-annnchin length. Her teeth must be as sparkling as the nearls of Ceylon. Her breath must be like unto the scents of the magnificent odorous groves of Java, -and her .attare jimst.be from the .ejlkeii weaves of Ka-la-Ching. which are on the banks of the greatest river in. the world—the overflowing Yang-tse-Kiaug." Imagine Wun Lung, cabbagee glower of BHton, or Ah Stink, of Lilly Bulk stleet, asking for such a paragon—and getting her ! ; A. J. Dawson, who poses as an Australian story-writer in London, is bringing out a new yarn called "The Beachcomber," the scene of which is laid in the Australian bush, which \- Dawson is alleged to know well from rough experience. He is 30, and claims to have been on a back blocks journal in Queensland for some years. # # # * Th® purest gold requires refining. Pariss Nesbit, Q.C., who has been again rejected by the electors of Barossa, S.A., is a real absinthe-drinking, woman-loving, tobaccoenslaved, keen-witted Prince of Bohemia. He is a man who could have achieved distinction in any sphere, and, although one of the ablest of barristers, is perhaps adapted for the law least of anything. Among other things he is an accomplished linguist, and a poet of more than minor capacity. He has an ardent affection for Adelaide, which is to him the "hub of the universe." Once during a London visit, London PUNCH Burnand, knowing Nesbit's weakness, innocently asked, "By the bye, old man, what Colony is Adelaide the capital of ? " The query made the big barrister apoplectic with indignation, and, while he was struggling to get enough breath to carry a retort, Phil May, with twinkling eye, said soothingly, "Of course, if it is a secret, Pariss, Burnaudi'm sure doesn't wish to press the question." Then Nesbit exploded. • * * # # The fatal faculty of gushing sometimes tangles up the gusher in unexpected difficulties. An instance occured the other night ^t the tea-table of a prominent parson. There were many guests, and talk turned on the acDouchement of a friend of the family, " Oh " exclaimed one lady, "She is having a terrible time. The nurse is a perfect horror." "Dear me. dear me." purred a motherly dame, " it is alw&ys; so hard to get a good nurse;' " Yes," gushed a sweet seventeener. " but my sister got hold of a perfect love—Nurse Dorman. She is in such demand. She is often engaged three, six, and twelve months in advance." Then a fearful silence fell, and was only broken a minute later when the curate asked for some more.tea. i H. C. Bagot, the colour steward of tfie L.Y.W. has warned several cyclists against the continuance of breaking the color regulii- _tions. It is quite timp.spme ajptjon was taken i W. H. March appeared in unregistered colors twice on Eight Hours' Day—different each time. . 1 . • The compensation spoken of as having been paid to ex-Priv. Sec. Wallington is said to tot up to ,£3000. A SCRATCH JOKE. 1ST DOMAINITE—" "Wot yer got there ?" 2ND DOMAINITE—" Flea." 1ST DOMAINITE—" Leave that 'un, an'chase th' crowd.' 