VIVIEN'S RESCUE. She wrenched her band savagely from his msp, and drew a step Or two away. "You brute !" she paid, in a low, intense ; tone, apparently filled with loathing and disf gU6t, " And you call yourself his friend !" | Time, noontide; place, ft yew-enclosed, j box-edged Dutch garden, flooded with sunlight. A strange time, and a strange place or passionate and unholy love-pleading. t " What do I care for li'im, by . the side of I you ?" replied the male actor in what had at {fitst been comedy, but was now rapidly tip- [ preaching, tragedy. "; Ajnd,whatdo I care for you, by. the side liiii ?,'' retorted the woman, quickly. 1 Of Course, you will say that as a salve to _jour conscience," he said smiling; '• women nuways lie; they can't help it. I daresay, gMien we are just stepping aboard the Water iTitch, you will say the very same thing, and eclarc you won't come, even while you are |oiDg down to your cabin!" " How dare you talk to me like that?" she {flashed out. " I have given you no reason No think so lightly of me." Then with a sud- |den .break-down of dignity, she flung herself I upon 'the garden-seat close by, sobbing [bitterly, "I.hate you!" she . stormed; "I ] bate you, and I hate him, and I wish I were jdeadi" "Thought you said a minute ago you loved | him," raid he of the? yellow moustache, pull- 'ingihat appendage complacently. " What • a little fool you are, Vivey ! You give yourself away. I don't believe you have the | ghost of an idea what you are talking atout." •' Yes, I have," she said. " All right, let's hear what it is, then, suggested her lover, cheerfully Of-cpur»e, as Coayers calmed down and . dropped love-making. .Virion became angry. 8he hsjd started with a feeling of annoyance —half Teal, half pretended—at his worship of herself, a married woman ; nn^ now, alas Tehe was becoming indignant because he {tppeared to be so easily able to put it ail on one side, Had he only been playing with her' all those weeks ? Had those . tender glatjces, those whispers all afite with passion, meant, nothing ? Furtively she raise 1 her head and glanccd at ;hiin. He was leaning nonchalantly against the , idosely-clipped ycW hedge: the dS^ jgreen forming a striking background for his fresh, fair fyee, golden'hair, and summer clothing—a fact that Conyers Germaine was perfectly aware of. He was quite conscious, too.of that essentially feminine glance, though not a muscle moved as he completed rolling a cigarette, aud then, regarding it critically, proceeded to light it. Mrs. Chard waited. Surely, when it was alight he would resumib the conversation. No; he still lean§l idly against the sturdy growth of centuriefc, watching the dainty smoke wreaths float-away on the .-oft summer breeze. To til appearance, Vivien was completely forgottM.«!i ,-•>• "IMSl'iJenniuife i" in 9. reiy low, hesitatiftgtohe;- No 1 ' answer. >'-••• «• Mr. Germaine!" A liitle louder this time. Calmly kicking away a morsel of ash Which had fallen on his sleeve, he glanced carelessly in her direction, and vouchsafed an equally careless Yes ?" She bounced abruptly to her feet. Not much dignity about Vivien Chard ! " I jio think you^are a } brute," she - said saidbcfOTe.'' •.','. ,V : ' v^ell, so^you are," with femUiine iij^istcnce "on an undisputed point. "But—but— won't yotl talk to me, Connie ?" The liist Vftrd was uttered in a tone calculated lb bring .any ordinary It orny-roused Con auay bis ci garctte, ; flitting his hand beneath her chin, ho, raispd 1 her face aiid gazed into it till the telltale colour globed in every line, and the blue eyes, innocently bold - in general, dropped beneath his . , «• jph, my darhng !" he murmured, all his piision^-jiwatened.. "My Viivien 1 Shall itbeso, lriy dearest? Mine for ever and CTejr ?" . She murmured a faint, low Yes —so ifahit that he could scarcely hear , it. It was, IfflBieritrtHou^h; - «nd; flinging his arms »und faer. he istrove.to strain her to. his: breast : Only 4br 'orie brief, • tantalising netot did she yield to him; then, tearing Jdtiirnm his embrace, fled lightly out - of ISe old-fashiouod garden, with its shielding 5 ufr.Geraiaine! Conyers! Conyers 1 I lust speak to you for: a moment. Why are bu«O]Ipki^d t0 me?" pnyel's " Germaine turned toward the jeer with-an ugly frown, . . kf Look sharp, then ; I'm in a hurry,*'he id, roughly. And yet the fair girl who had Men to him was not by any means the kind '" . man would regard as one to be uiiwu. She was very small, with the den hair and blue eyes that so often aeipany a. migopnne figure ; » bright, piquant little facc, usually all Bmi'es and mirth, though now it wore a'lrtraaj^lsafrave ^ and troubled expression. Juft Jhe land of little girl most men would feel« ^esir$ io pet and fondle, like a pet lamb. J, % Btroll by. He leant against the trunk of a tree, regarding her with a somewhat contemptuous expression.' Connie Germaine had a faculty for lounging : indeed, it appeared to be his especial forte. Apparently, Sybil Sylvester found it difficult to commence the conversation she had sought. She raised her large,blue eyes to his.Jfrce, with a mate yearning for sympathy ^struggling through all the wretchedness bo vividly expressed' by her sensitive features. "Connie!" she faltered at length, "have you no thought for me ? what I am enduring ?" , , . -- ' A s-l li Can't you guess "Pangs of jealousy, probably, because I talk to Chard's wife," he responded, carelessly. " Oil, Connie, do you think that is all ? Do you thiuk that is what is making, me so wretched ? Can't you guess what I mean ? marry me ? . Now—at once ?" Then, at) she read the pitiless negation in his eyes, she flung her hands wildly above her head. "Oh, my God ! And I loved you so ! I gave you a]l y 0 u won't give me even the protection of your name !" 'ihc man laughed, coarsely, brutally. Very line.piecc of Acting," he sneered.. V I wonder you never turned your thoughts to the stage. Let me know when you make your dfcbut, and I'll send you a bouquet!" The girl's face gicw hard. " I ask you once again, will you marry me?" she said, in a voice contrasting strangely with the pent-up emotion that had vibrated through every tone a few moments previously. "And I reply, No!" And Conyers Germaine, the Society Gentleman, passed on his way without another work or look. , Captain Chard ! Will you give me five minutes in the music- room after dinner ?" Captain Chavd turned and regarded his fair questioner, Sybil Slyvester, with a look of amazement. Certainly, delighted, Tm sure!" he stammered, wondering internally why thegirl wanted to make an appointment with hi m> Sybil brilliant glittered . trace of the emotion and despair of the afternoon remained. Fate had been kind in placing her next to Captain Chard at dinner, and as he replied, she shot a triumphant, look at Germaine, who, faultlessly attired, the image of polite boredom, was languidly trifling with the contents of his plate. Chard was' a man 0f few words. If all brevity may be regarded as the lotl of Wit, the gallant Guardsman was positively scintillating with that commodity. " What time?" he asked, briefly, regarding* her complacently from the altitude of his • " v ; Oh, will aqutuicr of ah hour after we ieayfe thfetable suit you ? Iiady Dunnottar is going to teach them some new Ainericfrn iardgame—nfcw to us, I mean—and the musip room is sure to be deserted " 'S^bil hntl made a happy guess. When Captain Chard entered the long quaint room, with its parquet floor and deep cushioned Windows, it was quite «mpty, save for a little White figurersitptfli with an air of deep dejec ; WOil at the ; untouched piano. She > rose blowly as the Captain's heavy tread reached htr ear-^-rose, and stood facing him. It was almost the first tiihe his attention had ever been drawn particularly to her; the moment his oyps fell upon her, he was struck by a change in her costume since dinner,iachange which strangely accentuated her figure, and subtly suggested something which for the moment eluded the Captain's 'menWi grasp, When at length the meaning of what he saw came to him, he was for the time completely thrown off his balance. " Good God 1" he ejaculated, under his breath. Sybil blushed. " Yes, Captain Chard," she said, tremulously: " My secret is safe with you, I know. Can you guess who the man is who haB ruined my life ?" ' A sudden wave of inspiration passed over the Guardsman's brain. pot usually too perceptive an organ. '" r. ' • •- • " Germaine ?" he breathed. She nodded. " Yes." You may wonder why I am letting you know of my disgrace— you, to whom I never spoke a dozen words before to-night, It is because I.am sorry for you." Captain Chard stared: "No*" he said, slowly, "you have made a mistake. You mean it is because I am sorry for you." The girl shook her head, sadly. " No," she Baid, "I made no mistake. Oh, Captain Chard, are yoa EO blind that you do not tee that (kmyers Germaine. intends to elope with your wife ?" ; / • The Captain starters though he had been struck. His hcalthy.Jbronzed conntenanec became a livid white. "My Vivien ? Elope in the path immediately outside the Dutch garden this morning, and overheard them, Yon know Connie's yacht, the Waterwitch, 'is lying off Beaumaris ?" The Captain nodded. " Well, they will go on board to-night, Stop!" as the Captain turned abruptly round, and started for the door with tremendous strides. Wait a moment! What are you going to do ? Don't make a scene, and let everyone in the house know. And don't think your wife guilty. She is not am certain." I _ • She nL. is only 1 guilty !11U of having 1... listened to him; and there is not a woman alive who could resist Conyers Germaine." Her tone of intense sadness recalled her own uwlul position to Captain Chard's mind. He stood for some minutes in deep thought, "I will believe in Vivey, and forgive her jeu!" Sybil shook her head, and told him of Conyer's refusal that afternoon. " I am not resourceless," she added. " You are a soldier, Captain Chard, and therefore prefer death to dishonour. May not a woman feel and act likewise ?" There was a moment's pausp. She went i. .1 1.-1-. .. XT /»!, oh steadily, " Now, Captain Chard, go to your wife this instant! Tell her what I have told you about myself—and do hot lose sight oi her for a moment—till the Waterwitch has sailed!" Captain Chard walked straight from the music-room to the dining room—a most unusual 1 proceeding J: on his T " part. * Usually, 7 """"~ the billiard and smoke rooms claimed him for their own after dinner. Conyers Germaine was already at Vivien's side. Calmly ignoring him, Chard walked up to his wife, and bent over her. " Vivey," he said, " I have splitting headache. What was Theresa doing for your head the other day? Bathing "it with Cologne? Come and bathe mine, Vivey, dear; it is horribly bad!" Those who were sufficiently close to hear were rather ainused at the Captain's sudden ebullition of mtirital tenderness; for, though in the depth of his soul hp worshipped his — ^ ^ t ,. . to retire Obediently, and devote hereelf to her Guardsman's needs, which became strangely numerous and pressing as time flew" by. At lengthy as the clock apprqached midnight, Vivieifs made a desperate Effort to escape, " My head aches, Kefegie," she. murmured, (which, indeed; it did, from oer fUCting emotioni). " J mdst have a few moments in the fresh air! FU—I'll be bade' In a minute, dear!" The Captain passed his artn atound her \raist ant] drew her down t>n the couch beside him. " Wait a ntomeiit, Vitfsy dear, I want to tell you something I have found out about , Vivien lookcd ip wOnderipgly. " Yes," she said. , " Vivey, she is iii terrible ttoublj?! She— she--Vivey, you refnembftr ohr poor little lad ?•' Vivien shuddered, and csept unconsciously closer to him. 'VVivey, she is going to hafe a little ehiljn Arid—and—list father '^--Conyers Geitnainfc!" . 1 There was a long, long silence, liow long, neither husband nor wife -knew. Captain Chard said no more ; he le,tthe fact sink, in all its ugliness, into his wife's mind. After a time.he became award that she was creeping closer to him—and in a moment more she was clinging nound his neck, weeping tears of mtngled horror and relief, while she sobbed out a complete confession of Conyer's attempted villainy and her own weakness, Sbe.had scarcely completed her recital when the sound of a pistol shot rang sharply on the still summer night. Captain Chard started to his feet. " Good Cod 1 What is that?" he cried, hoarsely, straining his trembling wife closer to his breast. Another, and yet another rang out! By the light of the moon all was revealed. Near the very spot where he had taunted hi:; victim that afternoon Conyers Germaine-l&y;, a bullet wound through his breast, and close beside him Sybil Sylvester, both alike despatched by the deed of a maddened and ruined girl into the endless void. . 