A WAGftU "FOR DIAMONDS. I " Dries Signora P. live here ? " inquired a genllenmn of the hall porter of a fashionable set of lb:fs, the other day. " Y'es, sir." " Is she at home now ? " " Don't know, sir, hut I will inquire." And after a short, iiiM-va! !,'e gentb-mari, who v,a« no other than Mr. X., the well-known Westend jeweller, was asked to step into the drawing-room. " Signora P.," said he, " I have come 011 a very pleimnt ernmd —to ask you to choose one of throe diamond necklaces, which is destined te vie, but vie in vain, with the charms bestowed upon you by nature." " What do you mean ? " asked Signora P., • cantafnc.e of great renown, w hose countenance had assumed the form of a note of interrogation, " I menu that Lord O. has been choosing a necklace for you ; that he has carefully scrutinised all we bave in stock, and, having selected these three, asks you to suy which of them you prefer." " Lord O., did you say ? " " Y'es, Lord O. You know hi-n, of course !' " Not I, I never spoke to him 111 my life." " Strange, very strange ! Here is his card. I dare say he is an admirer of your delightful singing, and intends to give a tangible shape to his appreciation ; and, if I may say so, lie ha* given proof of admirable ju Igmcnt in selecting a diamond necklace. He has just left out establishment, and from what he said I expected to see him hers ; but this is, perhups, the harbinger of his vi.-it," "Yes, that mny be," answered the lady, looking admiringly at the glittering diamonds. " I have often heerd oi him. He is slways in the opera, and docs, I know, take a great inlaws*, in music." The jeweller then invited a careful inspection of thft three, necklaces, pointed out the lw».,>.nti<\s of each, and leid special slress on the best, of the three, which, of course, wns the most expensive in the lot. Half an hour passed in this way, but the young nobleman failed to put in an appe:»rn rice. "What do you intend to do ? " asked Signora P. at Kit. " "Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. As it is not by any means the first time I have the pleasure of seeing you, 1 confide the three nerkluccs to vonr s»fe keeping, Signora ; I know they v>iil be as well looked alter here as at our sh<'V>. And when l.oi'.l O. does call, and you have selected one of them, he will come to ur> and settle, up. It will not last longer than to-morrow, for he has promised to come in the morning in any cose." And air. X. took his leave rejoicing. It never once occurred to him th:;t he hod left any loopholes in the arrangement through which a mouse, not to say a swindler, could squeeze himself Mr. X. had not left the bouidor a quarter of an hour, when a young man rushed in gn at excitement into the room and vehemently demanded the three dinnonct necklaces. " Mr. X," he said, " has sent me this moment to say that they were left, here by mistake—n mistake which he deeply regrets and apologises for." In reply to the lmiy'h questions, he further expinm d that Lord O.'s instructions had bei-n misunder.-tood. He wanted the necklace for Siguonv L , who lived in the same block, oniy one r'-torey higher, and a mistake had been made in the name. Signora P «as not, in the lea.~t surprised, and handed the man the precious parcel. He expressed his profound thanks and hurried away. Next morning the jeweller was announced, " Well, Signora, I ho;x; you bave followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recommended ? It, is by fur the best of the three ; a"d as for the stones, 1 can assure you that Princess L., when she saw them a few in ei.s ago " "Yon si em to he in a very joucuhir mood this morning, Mr X. 1 thought from the beginning t-hit the necklaces were not meant for me, and it was you who suggested that ihev should remain in my keeping. But the matter has gone far en ugh " '• What do you mean, Signora ? Has Lord O. not yet calh d ! J " " Oh, please stop that ! You know as well as I that, the necklace was intruded fur Signora P. on llie next (bit, and your shopman took it to her last ni . lit." " "What do you mean ? Where arc my diamond necklaces ?" And Mr. X. turned a« pale as a ghost, as lie askfd the question. Sicnora P., c-qua'ily astonished, tel<l him all that, bad t'.ken place after his departure thcevenim; b'-fore. " Uh, heavens ! I have been victimised by a clever swindler !" lie, exclaimed. " Signora, will you kindly accompany me at once to the shop ? I want you to tell your story to the police, and to put them on the track of the scoundrel at, once. It may yet be possible to recover the property, but we must be very quick." Signora P. ungraciously assented, i-nd thf pair hurried oif to the shop with feelings toe stormy for words Mr. X. opened the door, aud to bin utter stupefaction beheld the "swindler :: standing at the counter with some necklace? displayed before him. The jeweller pounced upon him as atiger upon its prey, but the young man smilingly pointed to the precious stones, and said : " There are your necklaces. Now, listen— " Sir, you are a—" " Now, do he calm, please, and let me finish what I have to say ; then yon may talk as much as you like. 1 have to compensate you for the little joke I perpetrated. 'The fact is I mad'- a bet with Lord S. that I would go to one of the best firms of jewellers in the West End, and deprive them of the possession of a lot of jewellery for at least one night—of course, solely for the purpose of winning the wager. I have now scored a brilliant success and w r on the stakes. It only remains for me to express my profound thanks to Signora P., who so ably, if involuntarily,seconded my efforts. I beg the-lady will kindly accpt this bracelet as a souvenir of 'AWacer for Diamonds.' " —"Modern Society." 