TRUE AS STEEL. (BY MARION HARLAND.) CHAPTER XX. ' GUILTY.' ' Good-evening, gentlemen ! Wo are likely to have a heavy storm to-night; I hope you will all be safely honsed before it sets in.' He touched his steed wilh the spur, and hastened to overtake Max, who had not paused or bowed. The wayside 'fences had ceased, and tall pines, \- .hoarsely prophetic of the coming tern peBt, Iin«id the narrow track, made dreary twilight of the waning afternoon. They were alone at last, beyond the view and ken of the rest of their kind, and the father clutched the son's bridle with a suddenness that threw the mettled hun ter almost upon his hauDches. ' Why did you not thrust the lie down that scoundrel's throat ! What is the meaning of this dog-like submission 1 No man of spirit should endure such in sult... The wretch who offered it should not have left that place until he had re-, ? l tracted every word upon his knees !' 'I could not deny what he said. It was no lie, taken as a whole, although false in pa'ts. I did not lie in wait with the intention of inflicting the hurt, but ib happened as he said. I do not know ' how he gained his information. You ought to have hrard the whole s'ory years ago. I regret, for your sake, that it was told when and where it whs.' ? Not another word *as exchanged dur \ Ing the ride. The pine-tops lashed one . another, and were entangled, and hissed and groaned in breaking loose, and the ' wind tore madly down the road at every . break; in the covert, bringing, when they were yet three miles from the Riverview gate, stinging showers of Bnowy rain. ^Fhe mnte riders recked nanght of the outward storm that soaked their clothing and frosted their beards Side by side ???they . entered the avenue, Bide by side dis mounted in the lee of the portico. Hadassah had opened the door, as they alighted, and stood awaiting them, pallid as a -ghost -with suspense and fear, yet \- striving-.._to smile a 'welcome. Judge Humphreys bad his foot upon the lowest step, when the fierce wind that smote the four corners :of .the house bore to him, ' with terrible distinctness, the savage bellow of the imprisoned maniac. Thf parent may not have known that his l]orse'whip was in the lmnd he shook ' in his son's face, but the gesture only matched his countenance in passion and menace. ?= 'That is your work, is it? May the curse — ' . . 'No ! O, no I' ' With' a cry of irrepressible love and horror, Hadassah sprang forward and threw herself upon her husband's bosom. He. held her as if he would never let her go; bowed his face upon her head, and a mighty convulsion. shook his frame. But nothing was said until, raising themselves, they saw there was no one else upon the porch. The Judge had strode by to his own room ; the servants had led away the horses. The finr, cub ting spray poured in upon them from the north-east; the darkness was shutting closely down- about the homestead. It was,an evil nightfall, and Nature's frown heightened the inward desolation they felt, standing there alone, condemned, forsaken, without redress and without ^ hope. Max broke the dread pause. ''Everybody has turned against me but yon, my poor wife. I cannot say, ?All is lost, rave honor!' That went first, and long ago !' She got him to their chamber, mad* him change his vet clotting, (*nd, set him in his own chair by the blazing fire ; poured out ft glass of brandy-and-frattr, and forced it upon him. Then, drawinc her stool ploie to him, she tcok his right hand, Icisssd it, fcnd raised it to her fore head ia^antomimic affirmation of un changed devotion and respect. ' Now, tell me all About it !' \j. i.He had- not- thought, ib would be a relief, but ib #fts. To her, , and to. her only, could he recount the downfall which was to hate no retrieval. ' Had the chargt been false, he could have livefl it down. Had the discovery of the bloody deed and tho perpetrator beon immediate, yoftth and hob blood h-td pleaded i» extenuation. Concealment had betiife'hiB' rnlft. ' We eef;kt «et to repine that this is so,' he certeladed. ' We have known from the b«ginning how it must b'. There is *othing left for us but to sit still-, fend bear whatever may be the further consequences of our tremendous mistake. Hadhsmfc had bfcen over the ground too often, that day, to gainsay the con clusion. She had her story in return for. bis. Ib was characteristic of her, that in place of going home' to bewail herself in seoret, she had repaired to the fountain-head of this newest calamity. Now that so much was discovered, Bbe would learn all. ' I came home by way of the Cross Roads I' she narrated. 'Laura was at Elena's, and Mother was alone. I told her I Had learned, no matter how, that .she' 'had made certain disclosures to -1 Naylor which were intended to compro ' mis'e you j'.that I was there for the single r'. purpose of hearing from her lips by what means she had gained tbe information she had lodged .with him— that I would not stit- until I did. I was peremptory, and I suppose harsh, for she was cowed by my speech and manner. I had less difficulty than I had expected in getting possession of the truth. {To he continued.) 