'cumWMCS. I " - - i /Vith .regard to tlic bootmakers' tijoiilo,. it: is intoi'estiug„,to note , another instance ,of( the inoonsistoiicy of tlio men. For a con-i sidorablo 'time tho smaller shops liayo boon, .cutting, prices bqlow thpse.of, tlio. larger' juauuf aoturers. . There is obviously , only ono way by which, this could bo_,aecoihplishcd,l and that is; by. a ,. dovico theoretically: condemned by!.. -trades, unioiis; but un-| doubtcdly , -winked at', in . this caso , by . tho; Bootmakers' Union.. . This device, -.is .tlio' omployinont of .ohoap labour. In tho; matter, of cheap bopts./ it „is.Timpqssibie for; ,tha. .largo , shops _toj out: prico.s pny,.finpr! without cutting wagos. -The .world cannot! compote with Australia, in tliis fino. . .Yet' in., order- to ..undorsell. tho,f.larga, shops paying, . , union. ,, .wages,, tko... „ emqllor"; sliops liavo 'systematioaily sweated their; jvprkmon, and4.this -t. is, .well jknown,: jjaft Ijeon .ncquiescqjl.H1 % Sb.(<-5l?otmakojs' I .Union,, . .It -is-obvioiis, liowovor, .that. tho! larger employers cannot go - on -paying tlio ' higher yatp of wages, and successfully com pote .with these, shops.,,',, Thp boots tgrned out are for tho most .part the .strong.gom- mon, article worn exclusively .by working: men, and thg resqlt qf.the lower wpges in the small, shops, is that .workmen, may obtain tbeir footwear for about . 3d , .the .pair less than the big shops can afford to produce at. .But.tbis igBignifioant reduction means' tho infraction, of the union's rate ..in the tra'do. How- can the union fairly expect tho more .considerable shops to. pay "statomout" jmutes when it doliberatoly oonnivos at a stato , , of / tl/irigs by whioh the produot of the shops paying those rates is necessarily undorsold ? Until this is ex plained tho Bootmakers' Union cannot dome into tho , great court of publio. opinion with" clean, hands, . 'and, the pifebt of, publjb opinion on tho result of a strike cannot bo ignored by tbo strongest trades" union. '" »; - A.- 1 r.„ The "influx " of Victorian farmors to.-New SouthWaiea'ishailed tvitli' "sati'sjfactiOh.by tlio/ "freq-iiradc press, 'bocaiisp,., by jgnfi tangled and, utterly, bewijdoredproifc'ss of reasoning, it is 'assumed .tliat thi inimi- miat'iqn. "is "a victory "for " frcd-tHfdd." Eye'ytjuqggjint ,oociu;svj j j Jipre or ldss fts- ' s'umcd as a. \rict9ry for his.thqoripsipy t Ko.t&o; complacent f ree/trador. In' trupll, protec- libmsts bavo" every reason 'to welcom'e tlio'sd Victorian farmers as a potent accession to tlio'strenglli of tlio jiroto'ctionist phalanx in Now South Wales. Thoy. are not froo- traders, as our free-trado contemporaries rashly . .'assert, . , but ono and all ard - - pfoteo&pnistl.; ' Tiiey - ard - tiio growth of tho protectionist. syBtom in ;tho adjolningv colony, , gnd wo welcomo ;thcm as an initanco of the skilled farming jtypo that this fiscal' system producos. jTliey-aro simply . .trekking ,.in .search of wider - areas of ldnd tllan cipseiy setllod Vietoria can , afford. Tlio. laud area that Ijvas sufficient - f ot. ;a faruiei: twenty iyeors ago. when hq. topic., his 'young wifo into the wilderness is not enough now when (tno' prodiibt of liis loins tiro growing' into Sturdy men and woindn.' in this colony there is plenty of, vacant arablo land. If tho Victorian settlors avo lured by froo- fradd and by tlio lio'po of escaping protoe- tion, why havo tiiey waitVd so long? For a gehcraiipn noiv tlio .fi's'pai pdiicios of the .two. preimidr /colonies lmvo boon autago; nis'tib. , fot it is only to-ciay tiiat tiio pb'ohompnqn ; of prdtsciidnisfe farmers mi-grating across, tlio hdrdor into tiio trpo- ti'hdo paiudiso is occurring. This surely ,re'4jiires explanation. It is npticoamb; too, tliattlip now arrivals arp npb in a very had way as a consoquenco of tlioir, lengthened (rdsidohco in protectionist Victoria. Tho idesbrijption of their caravans is impdsirig. -Thoy "havo their agricultural implomouts, stock; waggoii land families, and the whore- |Witliiil to buy shod, omploy labour, and sup port , tbemsblves. .until .'such tiino , af tlio virgin gi- ouhd tlioy ai-o occupying give's up, its harvest. Tlioy cannot, it obvious bp. rained by protection. Ann aTIm. -ill '1.1. V.. A ...1 J-A I n uii t wiuy t uro uui/ vurniu tu| »> iu.u 10 commercially part pf Victoria. .Tlio com mercial' inon of that province havo again annexed the trade and custom of Biydi'iiia; ! aiid. tlio. migrated yictdriaii fiirmpr ivill still buy from the Victorian siiopkeoper. Thebe is room, for doubt wliotlior, after all; ;tbo Maxim gun, and tho Lob-Mbiford rifip ,and smokeless . pp.wdor, pnd nil tlio horrid implements of war tliat scienc'o lias MoVoloped of late aio really as di'badful as 'tb'oy jliiiyo , boon depiotb'd by tho. .colourful pens jpf ,a . wholo. tripo . ,ot writers. ,'Tlib pen, it sooiiis, is liiiglitior (thfiii tho Ma-xini guii.. Dr. Jim's .force ,of raiders poured 'a'porfeet hail of jijillots fro.111 tlio. fearful tiibo oi; IIuiasi Maxiii; on to-tlib Boor positions at Hrugorsdorp. , But & this hellish fusilndb, oiidiiriiig for, many ; wild.lioip's, it is redordpd .tiini only tlirpb or foui' "of Joubebt's followers lost theiy lives. To-day's, cable, npws. informs us of a .fiorcp ..conflict hotwoon !MAcFA;iiANE!s ' troop of 60 mon , and a forco of 1500 AlqtiibelP., Tlio white soldiors vroro equipped with Maxiiii'guus, and, ai-incd with theso .weapqhs, 60 whito., mcn vsliould liavo beon moro than a inatch for 1506 nakod savagos assegai arniod. In fact, if tlio Maxiip,. "is . . all ...that fancy/, paints it.; tho,. .1500 nogroesv should t liavo been blown away -liko siuoko; and thoir fra'giiibhfs distributed far and .wide over voxcil' Bhode'sid. .Yob. . .it js lYrittpn.ihat after two hours of fighting, during which tlio Maxims. woro hard at work,. a triilo of only. 50 Mat'abblu woro slain,- with r'tivo ' now-made wlilto -ghosts to accom pany., them to. tho eternal shades. And MaoFaklanf.'s forco retreated, evi dently in dpfoat/ with one of tlio Maxims jammed. If this slaughter, and tliu niini,- bor given, is only an English guess', is 'all that- tlio Maxims can accomplish under 'such ' conditions 'tlip "noxt?gi'eat(wnr" may hot he' s'lioh a droadfulaffftir after all. I Having; beon / sovorely di'spiiiiiiiod by tlio free-traflo ptoas on jiis i'eeoht incpndiayy uttoranco with regard to malpraotico in the land laws, the' Hon. ' J. II. Cabbutiiebs to day. makes '.reply. Mr. C'AKBUTiiER3 created a flutter of niahy exalted dovecots .by,- a "threat, to. punish dummmyism and similar swindling in connoctiou -with land Settlement, oven if tho wrongdoing was lis old as tho Land Act of 1861. Ho lias boon 'told to. lot sleoping dogis lie, and that such interforonco with titles , lis ho contemplates .would result in untold disorder and ox- pouso. His reply to this is very dolihito. lie quotes himself thus :— " The titles uro safp boydncl all. cavil; but tho offondprs themselves may yot.bo made to,. answer to the law." " ThouBaiids of (dummyiu'g) ,',easjs undoi'.tliq 18(ll and, 187" Abts arostijl. ,'beforo tlfp/ Lands Ddparhuont.aud, I .wish to know if in ono of theso eases a clear orinio is 'disclosed "ainj I to "shut my oyos Io Tilib oyidencb, and .'stay hiy .lia'h'd gainst tlio criuiihal, wliilo; I onforco tlio , .law , against offenders . under . more recent Acts." I will not do, so." This -is iilli VAUltUlAIlHiD jAVj,'Vt WW . Wl 1B.WO paper of his own party that took him to task'for his stern proclamation of justice to como. At. whom is lio. shooting his ..thunderbolts ? Probably thero iB( many, a jnagnato... resting oh,. lu'xuriquB., cushions in a palace ..liomo to whom Mr.. Oar- 'RUTiiEBB' wild threat brings constbrnii- /iion,''ancl ..ampng," the f,i.nnpi' cotpripp ,of ; . great fthanbial, , institutions< ,;thbro 'tire douhtlpss. wllisperihgs of fear and rago "at this, surprising mahifp3tatipn of rigid "vii'tuo on thb hart of tiio, Minister for .Lands, jjrhoso new , motto ;, is _ apprqntly 1 that justiob must be done oven if Heaven falls. .Those tremblers and their jouraiil- .isric guardians may/howeve'r, he at rest. It .is ou|y an idle raroat, Tho. coffers ,of. the country could not! stand a series of prose cutions like thq Morcadobl case; and, evei 'if they ooiU'dj Mr. Parruters' qollbaups wouj'd nbt'nilow him to drag th'oip into perdition because I10 has suddenly ' de veloped a mania' for justice. The Minis- tbrial'barqiio has qlrbddy to carry ope J'oifAH in tho" pbrspn of .Mr, AVan't, and itrbmains,' to he seen whether it has not carried diim too' long, Thb interests Mr. Car!, ruthbrs threatens would politically stifle him in a month, and even now ho has aroused a nesji of sbofpibilS that will pro bably sting' him to doatk unless lib is a stronger man than friends or foes have yet imdginpd-lnm. . ' ThB';ote'dl'.figffrbs/ of.' tlib' dolpify'.. itfil, ports' 'and'' oxpbrto' Sinc'e". Jatitial-y/l shdw's. Qiat" lbcaV pi-oditbtion lids'1 dfcdi-e'ased By Si'jdCspjriVS'j- ' . . ; .- oatTi, is ' anribuftbbilj off Jit deon Sajq tn'e'Brgfi'cK'sfatdsmah'antl eb'ohomist. , , . St,;VincqhFsiHpspital,: hall rbs'uited in a hot amount of over' J34DO. . BSCvvbbd; JqIfuii¥y..l''.aiid, April; 18.' tlio; ; import trade of Sydney tnoVe'aHefl' ,byi ! 8968,793, afid- the export- tradd" deoreasod by. .£520,686. ' 