POLITICAL KERNELS. Mr. Lonsdale: We are told that if we have free trade the price of sugar will go up, and as a con sequence the manufacture of sugar on the Clarence will decline. I cannot understand that. If sugar increased in price I should think that that" would assist the sugar industry at the Clarence, and make it botter than it is now. Mr. Lonsdale: When hon. gentlemen speak of the compe'ition of 22,000 tons with an importation of if6,000 tons governing the price I cannot understand it. If the sugar industry in this country will die because the duty is taken.off, after having been in operation thirty years, it appears to me that it is time the industry was given up, for it shows con elusively at any rate that it is not natural to this colony. Mr. Hacsall: Thoese blackfellows (employed on the Queensland sugar plantations) are engaged at £0 per annum wages. Does the hon. member for Armidalo mean to tell me that he desires to see the white men of Now South Wales or Austrulasia brought down to competing with men tunder con ditions sictilar to those ? The bulk of the food given to those men consists of yams, or what we call sweet potatoes. As for luxuries, they do not got any, and you do not see any of them walking about in a dress suit. Mr. Rose: Undresssuit! Mr. Hassall : The hon. member may well call it an undress suit. A coloured handkerchief would be a dress suit for any of them. All the " collar" they get is the harness collar which they have to put on in the morning when they go to work They go into the plantation at 6 in the morning, and they have to work a good many more toau eight hours a day. Mr. Rose: If it is wrong to tax through the Custom-house it is wrong to burden posterity by advancing money to erect sugar-mills. If it is right to erect sugar-mills for the sugar-growers it cannot be wrong to erect butter-factories or boot-factories. Mr. Rose: If rabbit extermination in the back country cost Now South Wales £1,000,000, it must be remembered that ton years' revenue collected from imported sugar paid £1,,000,000 for the exter mination of rabbits. That is not an absolute loss. Mr. Haynes: who paid the money? Mr. Rose: I admit the community paid the money: but I go further, and say that there is an industry represented, and more that that, there has been a disbursement of the revenue, and many of those who paid the duty got bread in return. Mr. Rose: Let us suppose that 1500 of the sugar-growers turn their attention to the production of butter; will not that compete severely against the existing butter factories? We must have diversity of industry if we are to protect ourselves against over-production. I say that the removal of the duty of 2d per lb. from butter is not so real a danger to the butter producers as is the removal of the duty of £5 a toUon sugar, which will bring a large number of competitors into the field. Mr. Rose: If we push this question to a vote to night every labour member and every freotrader will say that it is perfectly right that black labour outside of Sydney Heads slould produce sugar to be imported into Now South Wales. But when it comes to a question of importing the black labour itself these men try to dazzle the oyes of the working meltn. Mr. IHaynes : That master of twaddle, that master of delusions and sophltry, the hen. member for Argyle, talked about the introduction of the yellow akin, and the black skin, and asked what free traders would do in respect to this matter. But he did not tell us how the protectionists protected labour when they introduced machinery, which machinery threw out of employment tweuty times the amount of labour coloured labour displaced. Mr. Nelson: That wan the march of progress. Mr. Iayneso: Yea; to the cemetery. What does the working man of the country care whether he is thrown out of employmenot by a black man or by a machine. Mr. Haynes : Hoe. gentlemen talking about the sugar industry put up this great delusion, this old ghost, that in consequenceo of the inflhotion of the duty, sugar is cheaper. To this I have always re plied, why not make the duty higher, atd thus imaoke the sugar cheaper still? The fact is that sugar has gone down in price because of the iuvrc ionse which haver resulted in the enorlmous produoe tion of sugar from bqot. Mr. Nelsou : The warders in Darlinghurst Gaol at the present time are doing duty to the extont of eleven and twelve hours per day. This has only been the case recenttly, and it seems to mc a very great hardship. Not only are the met on duty duiring those lhour, but they are compelled to walk constantly utip and down the yards or upon the wall, and to carry a rifle at the shoulder. If these men have to be on duty for such a long period, there should be no objection to their being allowed to seat thomselves, as they wore allowed to do in times gone ty. Since the now governor of the gaol has taken chargo a now rule has been made, and the seats have been removed, so that the warders must beoon their feet for the whole of the eleven or twelve hours a day. Mr. Nelson: I say without hesitation that the warders at Darlinghuret Gaol are, under exieting circumetuneces more ground down than are the prisoners. It is a noted fact that when the officer has been passing through the prison, and the priso. ners, as has been customary, have risen to salute him, he has frequently been heard to say, "Sit down, men." But if an unfortunate wardershoild pass by that officer and fail to salute him, he is immediately reported for disrespect. DMr. Nelson : The governor of the gaol, or other officer in charge, is only human, and may have his friends or his foes; and it is possible that one man for a certain ant may be fined one day's pay, and another man for the same not may be tined ten days' pay. It is absolutely necessary that some scale should be laid down whereby these men whocommit any breach should suffer exactly the same. Before the Publio Service Board came into power the warders were allowed one day in the month. We know their duties are very arduous; they have to keep olose guard of their prisoners, and sea that they perform the various duties laid down. The practice of allowing one day per month is now discontinued, and they are given seven consecutive days in the year. Mr. Nelson: Formerly when a warder was r.o ported sick two warders performed his duties, and there was no stoppage of pay. Under the noew regulations as soon as a warder is reported sickhe has to discontinue duty, another man is placed in his position, and whether he is one day or twenty days absent the whole of his pay is stopped. Mr. Nelson: The fine is unreasonably heavy for neglect of duty. The officer in charge has no sealoof fines, he simply fixes the fine according to the charge which is made against the warder. We know that recently the civil servants have had their salaries reduced, and the wardershave also had tbeirnalaries reduced to a considerable extent. Their salaries are quite inadequate for the work they do, and that ought to be quite sufficient without watching every move of a man to obtain the means of still further reducing salaries. Mr. Nelson: I admit that the officer who controls this department is an extraordinary good man for controlling boys: there is no better man in the whole of the colonies. But when he is placed at the head of the gaols he is out of his element. No one would attempt to treat his fellow.men in the umne manner as this officer is doing. Hon. members have the same means of obtaining information as I have, and I am not giving ono-half of the informa tion given to me by the warders in the gaols. I have met men who could scarcely stand on the ground owing to their exceaeivelyloug hours of duty, and I feel that 1 amn perfectly justified in bringing the matter before the House. 