MR. JOHN KIRKUS. VISIT. AN EVANGELISTIC ADDRESS. [published by special arrangement.] At the Shearer Memorial Hall on Friday, he 29th October, Mr. John Kirkup, any A Evangelist, now travelling in this colony, r delivered the following address : After reading through the third chapter of the second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians, the preacher said they would all re ber last week-the last address he had given in that room. They then looked into the fifth chapter of this Epistle and dwelt with five points, viz. . What it was to be in Christ, -that it was to live to Christ, What it was to live for Christ, what it was to stand before Christ, and what it was to be with Christ. Before he touched upon the chapter under review, which spoke of two ministries -the ministry of the Gospel and the ministry of the law he would like to show what these people were when God sent him (Paul) amongst them. For that purpose he would turn to the First Epistle, sixth chapter, and read two or three verses beginning with the ninth verse. " Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the Kingdom of God," " Be not deceived : neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, and abusers of themselves with mankind, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revisers, nor extortioners shall inherit the Kingdom of God. And such were some of you but ye are washed but ye are sanctified, but ye are -I justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, k\¿Ijd by the Spirit of our God." Now they "saw what the people were to whom St. Paul' was addressing himself. He first gained those who would not be permitted to inherit the Kingdom of God, and then said, " Such were some of you." The sins which characterised them were all set out in the words of those verses ; but then there was something else, there was what God had done for them, they were first washed, next 1 sanctified, then justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of God, and fourthly, he might add, they were sealed, for the 19th verse says, " Their bodies were the temple of the Holy Ghost." He wished to impress upon them that night that those four things must be true of every one of them before they could be Christians In the Scriptural sense of the word. He would like to ask everyone, were they washed in the blood The precious blood of Christ, the blood that flowed from His pierced side on that Cross and could wash away every stain of their guilt. How blessed it was to be washed from every thing that characterised them in the verses read in this sixth chapter as followers of Satan and sin ; children of a y fallen head driven out of God's presence. He thanked God that he could speak for all Christians and say that they were washed in the blood of Christ. Next they were sanctified; that was, set apart for something. They were set apart for God. Then they were justified before God. When justification before men in the world is in question, then works are necessary to prove our faith (see James ii., 20-26). But here it was that God could not impute anything to one whom He had justified ; they were just as clear of imputation as Christ was before God. How happy it was to get hold of this truth. To do so was to yet what I would call a good start in the path of faith. They were not only cleansed, washed, and set apart for the glory of God, but justified in the presence of that glory and not only were they justified, but the Spirit of the Lord came down and sealed them, and it was a most solemn thing to interfere with God's seal. It was no light thing to interfere with man's seal in these days, how much more terrible it must be to interfere with God's seal. He wanted all the Christians present to remember that they were sealed What were they sealed for J For God. For how long? Sealed until the day of redemption, until they got a body like unto the glorious body of Christ. See Eph. iv., 30. He could not believe for a single second that a person who was sealed and had eternal life could be lost. People talk about losing eternal life My life is in Christ and not in me, how then could I lose it if it is in Hun. I never found eternal life, because it was never lost. He told them that they could not lose a thing that was not in their keeping. He would tell them who were lost. They were lost and Christ had found them. Eternal life was not a thing to be found, because it was a gift (Romans vi., 23), and they could not talk about losing Christ, because it was Christ who found them-not them Christ. The first thing then which marked these people was that they were cleansed ; the second, that they were sanctified, or set apart, as he had said before, for the glory of God. There were two sides to sanctification there was the absolute side, which meant being once and for ever set aside (see Heb. x., 14) ; then there was the progressive side of sanctification, but that was an everyday thing, that was a practical work of God in the believer, for, as they no doubt knew, a good many corners had to be knocked off them, for they were all rough stones when first they were hewn out of nature's a quarry. Like a stone being dressed for the ; building, they had to be shipped, and the more shipping they got the brighter they would look in the Kingdom of Glory. All (believers are sealed with God's spirit who know their sins are forgiven. " God years. where he sees faith in the blood" Acts II, 38? x., 43-44 verses. In the chapter that he had read (the third of II. Corinthians he wanted to point out what characterised the law. There was a great deal of misunderstanding about the law in the present time. People talked about keeping the Law of Moses with the object of obtaining eternal life, but the law did not promise eternal life upon obedience. They remembered the \- lawyer who came to Jesus and asked what the was to do to inherit eternal life. What was Christ's reply ? It was not, " Do this twnd thou shall inherit eternal life, but it was this, "Do this and thou shalt live" Luke x- 25-28). That meant he would five down on earth and be blest here according to the Law of Moses. Now we will look at the things that characterise the Law of Moses. The first thing to observe is, it was written upon stone that was the second time Moses received the saw as referred to in the chapter. Moses' face did not shine the first time he received the law, because the people of Israel Sere worshipping their idol at that time. they had thrown their gold into the fire, and brought out a calf which they worshipped. They said, "These be the gods, ph Israel, which brought thee up out of Egypt." Paul refers to this as Idolatory. A when Moses received the law the second time, his face shone, he reflected the glory of God, and when the Children of Israel saw him they were filled with terror, their consciences condemned them, and they were not able to look upon his face. They could not bear the strong light of the glory of God. It was repelling, and so they asked him to put on a veil, and Paul speaks of this to show really what characterises the law. What was the meaning it its being written upon stone? Well, Bone in its very nature is inflexible, would never yield to man, he must come to it, if he is to profit by it. The law was written on it to show that it would never yield. It wasinflexihle,_md if they were under the law they ought to know what the law was. It was-God claim- ing from man; the law was not given for the righteous man and therefore could not be the rule of life for the Christian. The law was given for the lawless, we are told. Man for his disobedience was driven out of Eden, and when the law was given he put himself under that, and it became the rule of life for the creature but it was never the rule of life for the Christian. It was a toerfectrule for the creature here below; it brought out what was in him. Men Was fallen and the law showed him that But what was to be done to the man who broke the law? The Scripture is plain. '"Cursed is everyone who. continue to not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them " (Gal. iii., to). If a man failed in one point he was guilty of all If a chain Was suspended from the Ceiling and one link was severed-it-wonld faU-the chain was a broken chain, so it was with the law. If they broke any one part of the law, then the law was a broken law and they might as well have broken all. The law had internal as well as external application to man, it prohibited last, so says Romans viii., 7, and now where the man who has not lusted ? To got away from the curse of the law they had to die. The seventh of Romans was as clear as day on that point. If they became dead to the law by the body of Christ they were free from the law, but if they died under the curse of the law without that substitute they would be damned, but if they had died in their substitute the law had no more claim over them. In the fourth chapter of Galatians it was set forth that He (Christ) was born under the law that he might redeem them which were under the law. That is the only possible way to get clear from its curse; but He went further than that, we are told He was made of a woman, and we know that she first came into the world through a woman, and. He came in that way in order that He might be able to meet all the sin, the misery, the degradation, and all the sufferings which came in through the woman. It was at the Cross he accomplished all this. The second thing in the chapter he wished to draw their attention to was that the law was not only written upon stone, in- flexible, immovable, so that God Himself could not stoop to the creature on the ground of Law. The Law would not move I aside one inch; it was written with ink, that is, in contrast to being on the fleshly tables of their hearts by the Spirit. The third thing is the letter killeth. The fourth thing it condemns, and the fifth thing it put up a veil. That was what the law did. He might add another thing, it was introduced with glory, which, however, only made matters worse for the people, for they found that they were utterly unsuitable to the claim put forth under the law, and observe here, that to mingle grace with the law changes nothing in its effect except to aggravate the penalty that results from it by aggravating the guilt of him who violated the law, inas- much as he violated it in spite of the good- ness and the grace. Christ himself was obedient to the law in everything, but He went beyond its claims, He glorified His God in every step He took on this earth, and His every thought harmonised with that of His Fathers. He was the one obedient man among the disobedient, and He did fulfil the Law in every respect, and, as I have said, went beyond its demands This law, then, was written upon stone, and with ink ; also it killed. " The letter killeth, but the Spirit giveth life." The fourth thing was that it condemned the person it killed. If they were under the law, therefore, there was no help for them. "The letter killeth, but the Spirit keepeth alive." The law was God exact- ing, and on the ground of law he repeated, they were unfitted for glory, they were eternally lost. He knew a man in England who was troubled about his sins, and went to a man for help who was trying to keep the law, but he could get no help from that man. That man lived under the law, and had no idea of what Grace was, he was living under the curse. "For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse, for it is written : Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things that are written in the book of the law to do them." They must not think because they kept the law to the best of their ability they were safe from its curse. I have already noticed that the person who failed in one point was guilty of all. The sixth point was that the law was introduced with glory, which only served to condemn the people, as I have already said, and Moses had to put a veil upon his face. All that spoke of distance. If a veil was put up, then, it meant that God could not come out to the people, nor the people come to God, and that is exactly what it was when the law was in force. God never came out to them. He could not do so till the barrier was removed. We read of a new covenant being made in Hebrews viii., and if a new one is brought in it makes the one in force before old, just the same as a new time- table would do away with the old one. When the new things came in with Christianity the law and the things connected with it were looked upon as old. Thus it was that the two ministries were spoken of in the chapter. We have first the things that characterised the ministry of the law-it was written upon tables of stone with ink -it ministered death, it condemned, there was a veil and a glory that was to pass away. There were also the new things of Christianity, which he would deal with presently. If they tried to keep the law of Moses, they would find that it was utterly impossible while they were in the flesh. It was best to be plain with each other. Had they in all their travels ever met a man who did not last ? He would say they never did, and on the ground of the law, then, all men that did so were eternally lost. Then the law said that they should love God ; but that law never gave them the nature to love God. It claimed from man what was not in him naturally, and it did not give what it claimed, namely, love. Could they love God with the flesh ? Another thing, man required an object, and the law never provided him with an object. Then he must be cleansed to be in God's presence, but the law could not cleanse him. Then the veil was up in the Temple all the time that man was under the law. Man would have removed that veil if he could, but then he could not do it. The veil had to be torn from top to bottom. God Himself had to read it and remove the barrier which kept God from coming out to man, and man from going in to God. There was no access even in Abraham's day. He received blessing on the principle of faith. See Gen. xv., 6. But Abraham was not only blest ; he was made a blessing. See Gen. xii., 2. "And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee and make thy name great, and thou shalt be a blessing." He wished all the Christians present to remember also that God had also blessed them, and meant them to be a blessing to others. When they went to their homes that night he hoped they would bear that in mind and endeavour to spread the glad tidings amongst their neighbours. To return to the veil which had been placed between God and man who was to remove it Under the law they could not have it removed, for there never had been found a sufficient sacrifice of sufficient value amongst the untold numbers that Israel offered to God during that dispensation. He would like to say that the verses from the seventh to the sixteenth inclusive formed a parenthesis. (The preacher here read the verses.) Now, he wanted to direct their attention for a little while to what characterised the Ministry of the Gospel. He left out the contrast of God writing upon the fleshy tables of their hearts and writing upon the tables of stone. The first thing that characterised the Ministry of the Gospel was life, the second righteousness, the third the Holy Spirit's indwelling, the fourth liberty, the fifth a subsisting glory, the sixth Divine intelligence (6th verse, 4th chapter Corinthians. "For God who commanded light to shine out of darkness hath shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.) The seventh was a divine object. (Verse 18.) The first thing I would say a few words about is life. Did they all know what it was to have life? The Spirit quickened but the letter killed. If they took the mere letter of the word is God it always kills for instance, take the follow ing words: Wherefore, if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut it off. And if thy ey offend thee pluck it out." To act upon the letter of this scripture would be acting in a very unscriptural way, indeed. But there was no royal road to learning God's mind, if any one wished to know it he would have to dig for it in His word, but He would say it was well worth searching for. When obtained, too,itrequiredtobe divinely arranged in the soul by God's Spirit, every bit of truth must be put in its proper place, a Christian could not be said to be " perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works, if this were not so. The Preacher instanced the house of-a newly married couple, taking their furniture into their house, getting it rushed in in all haste, it would be all confusion. The articles that should be in the kitchen were in the parlour, and vice versa. If an old experienced housekeeper came into that' house, she would be disgusted, shocked at the state of things, and the arrangement of the furniture, and so Christians should look to that every bit of truth they have received from God was its right place in their hearts and held in its right order ; what he called a well furnished man was one in whom the Spirit of God had had its own way, and, if that was so, He would not apply at the Jew what was meant for the church and vice versa. We learn the truth little by little and it comes very slowly too. He had been 19 years a Christian and he was ashamed of the little he had acquired. Now a few more words about life. It was presented in the word of God in more ways than one. The Believer has Eternal life now, that is, possession. " These shall go away into everlasting life, that is more the sphere of life. Then we have the water of life that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life, that is life in the power of the Spirit welling back to its source in the form of worship. Then it speaks of laying hold of eternal Vfe, for Timothy. He had a shilling in his pocket, but he did not possess eternal life as he possessed that shilling, because that was a thing separate from himself, but he had it in the same way that his finger was united to his hand, the same life that was in the head was in the finger, but God had said it, they had Christ and He was their life. They could never lose it because it was in Christ. When Christ who is our life shall appear then shall ye (that was all the believers) also appear with Him in Glory The second thing he would speak upon was Righteousness Righteousness was a different thing to life, and the presence of the Holy Spirit was different again to righteousness, and liberty was a different thing to all three, and it would not do to mix them up. Righteousness was ministered in the ninth verse. "For if the ministration of con detonation be glory much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory." Did they not see that there was the ministration of righteousness as well as its being established ; it was ministered, and that is the point here. It was true that righteousness was established, but where was it. It could not be found on earth, they could find Law here, but not Righteousness, for the two things are very different. Where was Righteousness then ? Turn to John xvi.-" And when He (the Comforter) is come, he will reprove the world of sin and of righteousness, and of judgement. Of sin, because they believe not on me, of righteousness, because I go to my Father and ye see me no more And of judgement because the Prince of this world is judged." There they would see that righteousness was connected with Christ in Heaven. It was here He was at the right hand or God as the result of the wonderful work of the Cross. While it was true, as he told them, that there was a well connected with the Law, yet, in the ministration of the Spirit it had gone for while Christ suffered on the Cross outside the City of Jerusalem, something also occurred within the city. God having been glorified by the Lord's sacrifice did something within the very Temple. What was it Why the veil was rent from top to bottom. God could not wait a minute longer after he had been glorified through the one offering. In answer to the work of His Son He tore down the barrier and said in plain words, " I have come to you in righteousness and have come out to take you in." The work was finished to God's satisfaction, and righteousness was established, aye, and also ministered. Righteousness was at the right hand of God then, and when they had righteousness they had more than life. Righteousness was established, more than that it was ministered, as I have already pointed out. It was the ministration of righteousness in contrast with the ministration of condemnation under the law. Christ was made to the believer's righteous- ness, in fact He was their righteousness before God, hence the believer had a fitness which was consistent with God's character and nature. Not only had they life, and righteousness, but they had liberty. Liberty, as we have seen is connected with the Holy Ghost. " Now the Lord is that Spirit and where the Spirit of the Lord is there is liberty." He would like to ask everyone present in that room, "Have you peace with God? Do you know what it is to have liberty?" There was great confusion' in people's minds about the Holy Spirit. He asked them to look at the 21st and 22nd verses of the 1st chapter of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians, " Now He which established us with you in Christ, and hath appointed us, is God, who hath also sealed us and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts." There were the three things-the seal, the earnest, and anointing-and it was a very great mistake to confound them. In connection with the earnest, he would tell them what it was by giving them an illustration. suppose there was a flock of sheep in a paddock, and they had eaten it have, the farmer intends to put these sheep into a clover paddock where there is plenty of feed, but previous to letting them into the clover paddock he orders his man to take them a few cart loads of clover-that would be an earnest, because it was a fore- taste of what they would get when they got into the clover field. Every joy they now got from the Spirit of God was an earnest, or foretaste, of what they would get when they reached their Home. Sealing was when God placed His mark upon His sheep, and the anointing was more God fitting them for His own service. So that not only had they the earnest (a foretaste of joy that would be their's when they got Home but they were God's property, as I have said, He had put His mark upon them and they were His. This is the Spirit's indwelling, and where He is there is liberty. Just a few words about the subsisting glory into which they would soon be ushered. "For if the administration of con- demnation be glory, much more doth the ministration of righteousness exceed in glory." It was a glory that excelled that of the law ; under the law it repelled. Had they got liberty ? Where the Spirit of God was there was liberty. That is a wonderful thing, and the one who possesses it has got past the groans of Horan. vii. Had they got the Spirit that night ? If they knew their sins were forgiven, he could answer for them they had it. The mark of those filled with the Spirit is given in Acts 7, 55 "But he being full of the Holy Ghost looked up steadfastly into Heaven and saw the glory of God." If they had the Holy Spirit they would be able to look upon the unveiled glory of God, because they could not have Him unless they had first rested upon Christ's work. But had they the Holy Spirit as one who was aggrieved within them, and were they free from themselves ? . If the Spirit of God was there they had liberty, and I doubt not that is in contrast to the bondage they had under the law ; but He could not dwell within them until every stain of guilt had been removed from before the eye of God by the blood of His beloved Son. I would like to ask again : Are you free from yourselves ? Could they say that the Spirit of Life in Christ Jesus had made them free from the law of sin and death. Then there was divine intelligence referred to, and that is connected with the Spirit's presence in the Believer. See chapter iv., verse 6, In this chapter we get a divine object. Christ in glory was the object bright and fair to occupy their souls and take them from everything here below. Had they any other object to look to If they had their heart was divided, and the Lord had not His place. He could tell them that it was a wonderful thing to have Christ as an. object in Glory. Can we say, in the words of the hymn Be Thou the object bright and fair, To fill and satisfy the heart; By hope to meet Thee in the air, And «»Termore-from Thee depart; That I may uadirtracted be. To follow, him, and wait for Thee. Man always becomes like his object, he is formed by that object. If money was his object, then he would be a money-lover and if pleasure was his object, then he would be a pleasure-seeker. The only object a Christian has is Christ in Glory. You are only able to behold the unveiled glory of Christ as you maintain an. aggrieved Spirit, for the flesh would never look up. . What he wanted them to do was to ever I have Christ before their hearts, beholding with unveiled face the glory of the Lord. Then they would become like Christ in the world that cast Him out. If they wanted to be like Him, to have moral conformity and likeness to him now, the only way to produce that waste he occupied-with Christ, the object. They could never get holiness in any other way. It is the Spirit's work to occupy my heart with Christ, not where He was so much as where He is. What the Holy Spirit wrought in their hearts was Christ, and if people wanted to see Christ down here they must look to His Epistles and His people were His Epistles known and read of all men. They had, therefore, to be careful and see that Christ was clearly visible in them ; they must not be come blotted Epistles so as none can read Christ within. They knew that if they took a seal and filled it with dough if? would not be possible to see what was en- graven thereon, the engraving was there but it did not show. Many Christians were like that seal, but they had to remember the world should read Christ in them. Let us take heed to our ways. St. Paul could say : " For me to live is Christ, and to die is gain" (see Phil, i., 23). Can I say that, and let me ask you, can you say it in truth ? What a change this occupation of heart with Christ's works. "Changed into the same image from Glory to Glory, even as by the Spirit of the Lord." May He vouchsafe His blessing upon the Word spoken. 