For The People. ; , IMPORTANT FOR COUNTED READERS. (By John Haynes, M . £.) v *' A BIG BOON TO COUNTRY RESIDENTS. It is not a Very difficult thing to prove ; 'that '.the Land Tax is a big boon to country i- 'people,- farmers,- squatters, and business men1. In point of fact, the passing of this measure of direct taxation was the first ' signal 'victory of the country districts over the lich metropolis of Sydney, which for .years, has ruled the political roost in New South Wales. v In dealing with the matter, on the plarform', I have always, in the Very first place, asked any of tb6 opponents of land' tax to explain whv land in the cotmtry districts, is after all the years^ of- toil and labour upon it, worth only ahotit £l per auro, while land in the city, without any toil or expenditure on the part of the lucky owner, was worth up £2,000 per foot. (In some parts of Geof-ge street £3,000 per v foot would be refused). I have never been answered adversely, for there Was only one explanation,- namely,1 t'io.t the vast values of ...Syd.uey. city, property . were given by ;p,ublic, expenditures. of the peoples' money j 'that, as the expenditure of the public money |Twas 1 centred in Sydney, all the lucky old v - ^owners of ]ri'operty; had fo do' was to / sii Wown^ and lee the needs' of the' community Trush up the values. Eect?nily some heirs cf an o'd ...family sol^. a po'rtion of t|reir ' ©state i n Sydney at the rate of £l,200,00r0 pes?' acre (near'y one and a quarter million pottfids - pel- ere),- and there aie scores of in stances where the lucky owners di-aw at the .rate^f 4/^per foot rental peryear, on 21. year leases with the' con venant that, the occupier t must ^ttild at his own expense. Let any None consvder the reverse picture of the inland: farmer or Iftjid owner; He goes on slaving, . ^and whea: Ins hair is grey and his back ...doubled J'r.om toil, he finds his land of the .. same value 118 when he, started.- All the . ? time, under the old system of free trade and [protection; he has been paying taxes to .make up: the annual revenue and pay . -interest on loans expended, for the most \- part ;:to, enrifih the city mail's land.- To balance all this, the liberal politician' has -fo.ught ;to hring about a direct tax on land values'. Thu« the farmers gets hack the money screwed out .of him by the powers in Sydnej- — tor a universal land tax uieane ? that a man in the country districts pays one penny in the £ on land worth,- ap'art from improvements, only El per acre,- while .the .city land .monopolist,,. is forced to 'pay :a penny in the,.£ on land worth up' to ;ii3'000 -per. foot. ..T-]^ country ' districts ? made ' Sydney. ; now, a , land tax forces the city t,o :.?? make, th'f country. L find! that one man .alone in Sydney,, a typical fandtiaonopolist, » will pay as much to , the revenue as an -entire country (lis rict. This man previously went. scot .free, while his fortune, was every ?^day .increased . THK.l^NJD' M ILLIONAI11E AND IIIS SCOUTS. People i reading aud reflecting on the .aboye facts :w'll i, m mediately understand -.why theiliberald in the Sydney Parliament have fijUi-'ht so. velicmenily for a land tax, _,ftnd they will. also quick ]y see why certain -pplitjcians . fiji lea. ue with the rich land -.BipuQpoli.st).are,s-;:oui,ing the country, utter ;.ing;;vdire lamentations over the fate of the .-'?'.poor, fanner'' under laxd tax. These jg^ntry nevftr say a wor,d as to how the land ?tax ilias- ,p ;t ;the rich .cit.y ,man on the grill. jNo;! -thai l;ict \is kept. ,in the dark. T'^ey ,strive rto ah rm the farmer, qj';the country rjlufldowi ;ert-; ith'e.y .shriek for him, -they shake .him, ;and , fight for hifti, fb,\it it. is .the big ;;:man: ;of the, city: or the rich holders of un ' . q\ilti.y.attd lands on our river and raj) way' v^rontagtr's who all the time find the .needfⅈ . i'pr ,the sell'- ming. The tax is operating in: -t?he,coun.ry as in the city. Wher-* splendid jlAPdsr; en. our .rivers and railroads; : as i-n ^Sydney. streets, have been teld for risi;ng \^,(-v,es;ilthe J,and tax compels them to look : . j^ound, ;:4;or- ibjUj.ers. or tenants. JNo .longw T -the ,,t ^n.ipts i# search of landlords fl'h.e ore in search of tenants, ai^d t;he -ifor the first-time ,are put in the way good land near to water, ??railj' or $$£rket, at,, a fair figure. Soon, when a -man ${A?s-(to .§, country town^ he wilj not needit.he ,%yrvjc;)s , ' of a black.tracker !-to '^nd the ^?mer's/ home: JNo it will Jbe unar train, ,kp\n, watey, or market. But, ab,ov.e ,ajL , Metr.opojis of . Sydney; will pay kiridneds \- )f. {thousands - to , the ? gvOnei al- revenue for i x&id;, making , ajqid- bridge ? hu.ildin'g inland : /IJl this work, is embracad in the policy of ' decentralization— that pojicy which I- pur b*|,Ojn 'the people first of'Mudgee in 1887',:' a,ggl ever since kept to tj^e front wti til,' jh* In session of Parliament, jy# jscojped for J,t. ; a pj rg?.} aijid Jawing v^ctovy,. . . ? ;? ? ? \ ' : ' ? ? ' tfHE GHOST THAT STARTLED* THE FARMEK. Splendid old ghost that has long done duty for the' rich monopolist in1 startling the jfsar'mer is; the ghost of fr6'etrade.- And now when the1 /'.poor farmer' is b6ing plundered (as the say), by a latid tax,- the famous ghost' has been whitewashed and trotted out again. Say the sdouts of the big man — ' You've gone' and taxied our lands, and flow you've taken1 ofi: the duties and le£ in the i'oreiirner to complete with1 us,' their object being, of couirse, to g6t the farmer to vote dotvn land tax and vote up protectionist taxes.- B:iit the fact is, our farmers are kept in beggary so long as they are prevented from trading with the Ivorld, and trading between nations is done only by exchange of goods. If we shut out goods from abroad, there is a corresponding decline in the- purchase of our goods or products. There is no such thing as sending money of the country, except,- of course,- whSre ex cessive pTofectio'n prevents exchange and exportation. Ifor instance,- in N.-S. W., twenty years ago. wei had1 about eight millions of monpy coined for the ulse' of the people, but ? though ife have imported millions' \vortht of goods and solid! millions' worth since then,' thore is only about the same arrtquiut of uio'ney in the Country. No mote is required.- Now and again some thousands of sovereign's are sent out fr.om Sydrfey to London,- hiit most of it is (Jneesland gold minted at Sydney, arid the balance, a fe'w thousands,- go'^s t(y square up transactions between us and the outside world!, and Which ^transactions amou'ut to many millions srerHng,- We all remember the old ghosts's cry, 'Let us haVe'pil'otection and keep the money ih the country.' ?.???There never was any money going out of the country/ It was only school - boy talk. ' The only country' which lias5 had to send money out heavily to balafice a badly top-sided trade is pro'teetiohist Victoria,' and a few particulars on the point will be given in next week's letter. A PEW GENERAL ITElfS. The Dimboola .^correspondent of the ;M «! bourne -Argus write's Emigration fo New South Wa'eC! since the beginning of the ye'ur a large number' of, farmers' residing between: here and the border have left; On Wednesday no fewer than six teams, repre senting four families, passed through here from Kiata. en route for the mother colony, taking a quantity of machinery and ,a large number of horses.' So it seems that pro tection is making exiles of the Tietorian farmers. In New South Wales, during the last five months, nearly 3,00$ new homesteads have been established ; and 1,8'50,999 acres taken up for occupation and cultivation f in small areas. What a revolution there has been in politics in: New South Wales in three years. In 189.3, Sir Henry Parkes was King, and S'ir George Dibbs was h eir apparen t . Now the ; former is an unknown quantity i& politics,- and the' letter is in a Government billet. An otd Scotch couple,- residing at Wel lington , recently, went round the' Colonies on a sea trip for health. They started from Sidney. They visited New Zealand, Hobart, Melbourne and Adelaide. After leavirig Sydney, and as they entered each harbour, - tiie.old lady asked ' Where's the shipping.' and then they agreed that they saw more' s!fiinping in. one portion alone of Sydney Harbour than tit ej' had seen in all the other ports put together. There is only one meaning from this : A country without a developing maratime trade is on' the fall. Nothing can save it fioin internal collapse. Ships . trade to a country only when they are sure of return cargoes. 