IS THERE ANOTHER LIFE 1 Da Goldwui SiruH in* tttr ct Xew Yobk _ Foauit." The doctrine of a future life with rewards j :or the good and punishment for the wicked, ■ 12 we *11 know, pervades the New Testa nent. That this world is evil, and Christians J nust look forward to a better world, is the { leaching of the Founder of Christianity and j >f all the Christian churches. It could not- j tail to be fostered by the state of the world, and especially of the subject provinces under '• the Roman empire. The Christian martyr- | Ioels are a signal testimony to the same ; belief. Yet the doctrine can hardly be said | to be so distinctly stated in the New Testa- j ment as its overwhelming importance might I hare led us to expect. It is in fact rather assumed than stated. The passages concern ing it are rather homiletic than dogmatic : ; they are enforcements of the infinite blessed- i new of piety and goodness, of the infinite curse attending wickedness, rather than enunciations of an article for a creed. Nor is anything explicitly said as the manner in which the mortal is to put on immortality, or as to the state and occupation* of the blessed in the next world. White robes, harps, palm branches, a city ot gold and jewels, are not spiritual; they must be taken, as material imagery ; taken literally they provoke the derision of the sceptic. In all the churches there is now a revolt against the belief in eternal fire, which nevertheless, if the Go*pel is to be taken literally, it would seem im poesible to avoid. Such a belief in fact can ^7 ?*Q thought ever to have iraiDed a practical hold on the mind: if it had it would almost have dissolved humanity with terror. .Nor ia there in reality any such line of demarcation between the" good and tbo wicked as that drawn in the homiletic i language of the Gospel between the ; wheat and tho tares, between the sheep { and the goats, between those who enter bv the wide and by the narrow gate. Between the extreme points of goodness and wicked j ness there are gradations of character in number infinite and fluctuating' from hour to hour. The Roman Catholic Church tries to meet this difficulty by tho invention of Purgatory, which, it is needless to say, is a creation of her own. In this case also the j difficulty is enhanced when we take in ehil- i dren and those on whom circumstances have ^ bpme so hardly as almost to preclude volition, j Kor are the passages in the Gospel concern ing the future state, if Dressed literally, altogether consistent with each other, at least with regard to the mode of the transi tion. The idea generally presented is that of a final judgment in which the good are to be separated from the wicked, the good entering into eternal joy, the wicked into eternal fire, and of a period of sleep or unconsciousness which is to last till the Judgment Day. But this is not consistent with the parable of Dives and Razaros, with the preaehing of Christ to the souls in prison, or with the words of Ghost on the cross to the penitent thief. These variations become more important when we consider the unspeakably I vital character of the doctrine. Resurrection of the body is an article of the creed. It presents insuperable difficulties : not only are the particles of the body dispersed, hut "thoy must often be incorporated into other bodies. Resides, is a babe to rise again a babe, and is an old man to rise with "the body of old age. Dericesfor meeting such difficulties may be found, bat they are derzeesand not solution". A beliei in the immortality of the soul has been a part of most of the religions, yet not sR- It is absent from the sacred books of the Hebrews, desperate as have been the efforts to import it into them : and bold as is the statement of Anglican articles that botn in the Old and !New Testament ever lasting life is offered to mankind through Christ. An exception such as that of the Hebrews, an eminently religious nation, is enough to bar an\\- argument from universal consent, even if nmversal consent, where it can be explained by natural deshe, -were sufficient to prove a belief innate. The other world has often formed the lucrative domain of priests, who have pretended by nrvstie ntes to provide the dying with a passport to celestial bliss. Egypt seems to have been pxe- eminent in the deliniteness of her belief and the minuteness of her mortuary ritnal whileshe was also strangely pre-eminent in the effort to protract the existence of the bodily tenement, showing thereby, appa rently, an absence of belief in the separate existence of the soul. The Persian faith in . futnre life appears also to have been, strong though mixed with degrading absurdities it philosophically worthless. Buddhism is a philosophy rather than a religion, while upon any hypothesis as t° J™! meaning of Nirvana, the hope of the Bndohist is not personal immor tality, hut escape from personal existence. ^ -est oa 1116 presumption that fob sit suffering, at least for all unmerited suffering here, supreme justice must have provided compensation hereafter ? Is there not an infinity of suffering among animals ? Are not many of them by the verv constitu tion or nature doomed as the prey" of animals to suffer agonies of fear and at list a painfal death . Are not others fated to be tormented by parasites ? Yet where will be their com pensation? Where will be the compensation of the hapless dog which writhes beneath the knife of the yivisector,-and which not only is innocent hut is an involuntary bene factor of humanity r That a survey of nature drives us to one of two conclusions, either to the conclusion that benevolence is not omni potent, or to the conclusion that omnipotence is not, in onr acceptation of the term,"purely benevolent, has been proved with a super fluity of legic. What may he behind the veil we cannot tell. Bat in that which is manifested to us there seems he nothing ^ that _ can warrant us m looking for immortality as . the certain gift of unlimited benevolence invested with unlimited power. Is there any voicera our nature which distinctly tells bs that death is not the end ? If there is, there seems to be no reason why we should not listen to it, even though its message mar be incapable of verification, such as in re'-rard to a material hypothesis is required0 by physical science. That the intelligence o"f onr five senses, of which science is the systems tised record, is exhaustive, wa have it must once more be said, no apparent ground for assuming; the probability seems to be the other way ; it seems likely that our senses, mere nerves even if completely evolved, are imperfect monitors, and that we may be living in a universe of which we really know as little as the mole-which no doubt seems to itself to perceive everything that is perceptible—knows of the world of sight. Now, there does seem to be a vrnce in every man which, if he will listen to it, tells hrm that his account is not closed at death. The good man, however nnfortnnate he may have been, and even thou-h he mar not have found integrity profitable,feels at the end of life a satisfaction in his past and an assurance that in the sum of things he will find that he has chosen aright. The most obdurately wicked man, however his wicked ness may have prospered, will probably i wish, when he comes to die that he had lived the life of the righteous! It may be possible to _ explain the sanctions of warnings of conscience generally as the influence of human opinion reflected in the individual imzid, transmitted perliaos bv mneritanee and accumulated in "trans mission. But such an explanation will hardly cover the case of death-bed se]f. approbation or remorse. There seems to be no reason why we should not trnst the normal indications^ of our moral nature as well as the normal indications of our kodilv sense ; and against the belief that the greatest benefactors and tlie greatest enemies of man kind rot at last in the same grave our moral nature vehemently rebels. Not much, it is to be feared, is to be gained iu regard to this or to any other question respecting man's estate by taking mystical or transcendental views of the moral lair. 