A Launceston Ghost Scare. Jompldns has been to the P.D.8. smoke social at the " Cri'„" and was zigzagging across Windmill Hill towards home. He was perfectly sober of course. The night was dark and the fog banks drifting up from the flooded flats of ihe river hung round the historic hill in strange fantastic shifting walls of blackness. It was'after midnight, and the electric lamps in the Bleeping town down in the valley shone feebly through the misty atmosphere; Jumpldns feIt lonely and mentally resolved to agitate for an arc lamp right in the middle of the Reserve. , "A man might fall over a'eeat and break his neck, or bump his forehead against ja fencp," muttered the wayfarer, ashe fiteadied himself against a tree-guard to take hie bearings. He wished the hfll -was not so steep, as be was very tired. He had serious thoughts of retracing his steps so as to reach home by a better lighted if more circuitous route, but decided that the sooner he 'got home the better. So he continued the toilsome ascent. Down the dope of the hill to the left a yellow splash of light from an incandescent lamp, threw a ghostly glaze slong the : high fence Buirounding the residence of the Police Magistrate. Somehow it reminded Jumpkins ol the fact that there used to be an old buiying ground jnst there. This thought suggested ghosts, especially the Hobart ghosi. Perhaps the Hobart apparition was a real ghost. Who knotvs? thought Jumpkins. Perhaps it is the shade of some unfortunate convict done to death in the olden time. Wonder if they used to bury that sort on Windmill Hill in the bad old days. Veiy likely. Anyway, It I was the Police IV' agistrate I wouldn't care to live just there. . Cogitating thus and wishing lie was safely home, Jumpkins tolled up the Viill. A sudden scratching noise made Inm start. The sound seemed to come from a shadowy form outlined in the darkness. Jumpldns felt his inborn bravery compelling him towards the shadowy form. Grasping hie stick firmly and drawing a long breath, he advanoed at a elow walk. But the then to the left. Again the scratching, noise was resumed, and Jumpkins felt bis heart bump against his ribs. He stood BM, and the shadowy form also stood stilL More" scratching, then, flop 1 and some heavy object landed on his shoulder. He "felt the touch ol fur on his face. Hoo! ugh 1 he ejaculated, and grabbed at the dreaded object. Tbe awful shadow was a tree guard, and the assailant a ringtail possum, which, when Jnmpkiiis grabbed, sprangawayand scattered off among the grass. JumpUns wiped his clammy forehead, And laughed. But the laugh sounded fearfully hollow and unnatural. "Wonder what makes me so deuced nervous to-night," he thought. "'Must be those cigars old Kirky made we smoke. Wish I was home anyhow." Pulling himself together, he started off again. Only a few yards more, and he would be on the crest of the hill, and sear to the houses. But, what's that ? For, suddenly, a strange and mammoth figure appeared on the brow of the hilL And, there was no mistake about it, it was moving! Jumpkins felt a cold sensation of horror creeping up his spine. His scalp contracted, drawing up his eyebrows, and causing the lmir all up the back of his head to slowly rise and stand out at right angles. He seemed unable to breathe. Slowly and noiselessly the gauut apparition glided towards him. Outlined against the black sky, it towered above him in dreadful majesty. His tongue clove to the roof of his mouth, and his lips grew dry and parched, while his whole being was paralysed with a nameless dread. Still on and on the monster came; but, oh, so slowly and silently. Jumpkins almost wished it would hurry. As the fearsome object gradually drew nearer it assumed more hideous proportions. Jumpkins tried to cry out, but his vocal organs refused their office. All the ghost stories, and all the psychological wonders he had ever read of, crowded into his brain, but none of them that he could remember could be likened to this frightful shadowy namelessness. Horror upon horrors I It was sinking into the earth, slowly but surely. Or was it crouching tor a spring at him ? Presently the apparition emitteda hollow groan, which seemed to Jumpkins to come from beneath his feet. Involuntarily he looked down, and stepped aside as from the brink of a yawning abyss. The movement brought him back to the consciousness that he still retained the means of locomotion. As he looked np to turn and fly, he saw four great long arms shoot upwards from the black object, and wave spasmodically' against the «ky for a oment, then a clatter of hard hoofs in id-air, accompanied by further groaning howed Jumpkins that his apparition was a horse enjoying & roll on Windmill TTiiit 