St. JAMES' . CHURCH. Memorial Tablet to the late Hon. Jas. Taylor. Unveiled by the Bishop of Brisbane. The Bishop of Brisbaso (Right Rot. Dr. Wcbbor) preaohed in St. James' Church on Sunday morning last (Flrat Sunday in Advont), and during Lho service the mnrtdo toblst, placed on tho Eastern wall of the Church, in memory Of tho Iftto lion. Job. TavIm- rent. nnvitllnti. There was a vory fair congregation present, notwithstanding tuo wet woathor. At tho conolusion of tho Litany tho Bishop announced that ho would now unvoil tho tablot, aud occompanled by' Sir. Mscinichaol, ho ad vanced to a position opposite tho' tablnt. Mr. Macinichool removed tlio. voil, and as ho did so llio Blolinp said, " To tho memory of tho lato JamoH Taylor I dedicate this memorial in lho name of the Pother, ' lho Son, and lho Holy Ghost." Tho tab'ct contained . tlio followiug inscription In grateful momory of tho IIoh. James Tarum, M.TjC. For many years a churoh warden ana representative to synod, the donor of tho aito upon which this church is built, and' nno of its ' roost liberal bonefactors died Oct, 19th, 1605, Agod 75 years, erected by parishioners and frionda. Subsequently tlio Bishop preached tho ser mon, taking for his toxt tho 11th chapter, and part of the 28th verse, of tho- Goapol according to St. John, "Tlio Master is horo, and caltoth for thoe." On thoeo words tho Bishop based an oloquent aod forcibto diacoorso, applying them to the spocial Advent season, upon which they had just ontorod, and torinihg thorn a very Aumirablo Advent motto. At tho conolusion his Lordship specially referred to tho assistance given by tho lato Hon. Jas. Taylor to tho Too- woomba parish. A vory short timo boforo tho deacanod gentleman was striokon down with ill ness ho wroto his Lordship a lottor promising him £1000 towards a Catiiodral in Driebano ; tlio exact words wore as follows:— "I fully intend to carry ont my promiso as rogards my subscription towards the Cathedral, promised yoa in ray lottor somo timo ago." .Tho execu tors wcro unablo to deal with that which did not appoar in tho will, though in timo to como there might bo a possibility of their doing that which really was his will, his intention, though not expressed in its legal form. Thoso present know hotter than ho did what the lato Bon. Jas. Taylor had dono for their parish. It was all well for somo to say, " If I had each means I would bnvo dono this, that, or tho other," for perhaps if thoyhad they would vory likely havo dono less. None oould toll what diffloultioa and temptations beset thoso who had groat .re sponsibilities. It was not for them to say how their lato brother's stewardship had boeh realised ; they were responsible for their own stewardship. During the sorvico lho hymns 11 Tho Advont of Our King" (48).' "Lot Saints on Garth in Concert Sing " (221), and Freely Ye Havo Iteccivod, Frooly Olve " (805) woro sung by tho choir. Miss Marlav presided at tho organ. Tho memorial tablet is of white marble", inset in black marblo. It is vory simple in dorian, according to lho wishes of the rolativos of tho deceased gentleman. Tho work was carried ont by Mr. Bruce and is a orodit to his establish ment. 