THE CHRISTIAN CITIZEN. 'There is a sense in which the reception ?of Christ vastly enlarges a man's life. 'The moment a man receives Christ as a conscious Saviour, the Saviour not of the world merely, but of himself indi vidually, there arises within him a new sense of ownership and responsibility. He is no longer his own, he has to consider the supreme will of another whom he delights to call Lord ; and from that decisive moment of his life, he becomes personally interested in ?whatever effects the welfare and - pro gress of that great kingdom which Christ founded among men, and over which He reigns to day, and must reign .as King for ever. It is impossible to be a Christian and have no interest in the extension of Christianity, both at home and abroad. A Christian life is an ?enlarged life, because it always brings .new duties, new activities, new hopes, desires and inspirations ; whilst its ?outlook is immensely widened, because it refuses to be bound by the ordinary limitations of life, and looks away beyond the world's narrow horizon to the immensities which lie beyond. A peasant who is a Christian indeed, has .a wider range of hope, desire, and emotion, as well as a keener insight into spiritual things, and a larger range ?of soul vision, than a philosopher who has never been brought into conscious touch with spiritual realities, and to whom the name of Christ is historic rather than Divine. These- claims- which the new life .always brings, are imperative ; they have voices which cannot be silenced, and in some cases they are so imperative, and , .are recognised as so supreme that a man gives himself up wholly to their influence. To such a man, the claims -of Christ are so real, and the results at :stake are so great, that he' seems to live .above the world, he does not breathe its tainted atmosphere and he has no more -desire for the fashions and follies of society life, than had John the Baptist for the vanities of Herod's pleasure loving court, cfuch a man, and thank -God he has many representatives, will in all probability become a butt for a certain class of people to fire sneers at, jhe will be regarded as an impracticable ?dreamer, he will be taxed with other worldliness, with society's unpardonable sin of neglecting this present world for ;a mere contingency of the future. And .moreover, it is sometimes asked with an air of triumphant disdain, how can such :a man be a good citizen when he is absorbed with h s dreams of the unseen? If the world were composed ?of men like him, where would its march ?of improvement be ? The question is one of great import. «Can a man be a downright, earnest ?Christian, full of faith and the Holy ?Ghost, and yet be an active, enter jprising and capable citizen : giving time :and thought and trouble to' civic duties, ;and if needs be wearing civic honours and adorning them with the moral heauty of a consistent Christian life ? To such a question we return an ?emphatic Yes. It has been too much the case in England, in .America, and :in these colonies, that earnest Christian men have concerned themselves com paratively little i^ the affairs of the State ; and they have let politics drift into the hands of time servers, and self seeking monopolists. They have dreaded being mixed up with the hurly burly of elections, and perhaps what little they have seen of them has not been inviting ; so they have sat quietly down and let the prizes of civic life slip away from them. But who will say that this is a right course of action ? The fact is, it sometimes seems to savour of cowardice or of fear, lest in mingling with the strifes and agitations of civic life, we may stand in slippery places and perhaps bring disgrace on religion. If a, man feels like that, by all means let him keep out of danger. But it is a poor compliment to religion, if God cannot keep us, when we go to serve Him and our 'fellows, in the realm of civic life. The time has surely come when Christian men should go forth fully equipped and clad with the whole armour of God, to do battle with every thing that is wrong in the civic life of the community. Bribery, cor/uption, fraud, gambling, drunkenness, impurity, profanity, and base living, -are the enemies of God and righteousness wherever they are found ; and we want men in our Legislature and in our various civic councils ; who are not only proof against these things them selves, but whose influence will be against the domination of these evils in our land. 'We want not only Christian men, but Christian citizens — men who dare to take God, and God's righteousness with them into every sphere of civil and political life. . 