A ROMANCE OF MAORILAND. (COPYRIGHT) ON THE WAIKATO. ATHA? WESTBURY. CHAPTER I. It was quite unnecessary for the worthy Dr. Cranium of bump-reading notoriety, to elevate his shaggy eye- brows after he had run his fingers over certain portions of my head, to inform me that I had the proclivities of the vagabond strongly developed. The information was not needed, inasmuch as I knew I was, and had been from my cradle, a careless, rambling Bohe- mian, with a light purse and a lighter heart, and with a thorough hatred of anything in the shape of work. Sitting here, in the cozy parlor of the "Black Swan "' Hotel, on the Cres- cent, Auckland, New Zealand, I, Fank Leigh, feel that I am indeed a rover, as untiring and as restless as the wan- dering Jew. I have done the grand tour of the known world and have pulled up here at the antipodes for a spell. On the opposite side to that on which I am seated there is a large mirror, which reflects a tall, muscular young fellow of eight-and-twenty, face oval and darkly tanned; eyes brown, keen and honest in expression ; brow bold and open, with just two furrowed lines upon its smooth surface; hair dark and inclined to curl, with a fair-sized beard.. Such am I, as I look at myself in the mirror on this November night, iS----. In the fire which blazes and crackles in the grate before nme I can see again many faces that have come and gone during my wanderings. Now it is a black countenance, anon a white one, which instantly changes again to a color neither black nor white, that looks at me front the coals; while domes, steeples, pagoda;, temples, mountains and landscapes come and go between. "If ye plaze, what time are we to start in the morning, eh ?'' The individual who presented him- self and interrupted my reverie with the above interrogative was not a hand- some fellow by any means. Picture to yourself a low-sized youth about six- teen, with a skin the color of mahogany and a head that would have graced a giant, if the appendage of a thick-mop of unkempt wool upon it could be ac- counted a recommendation. This gen- tleman, who assumed to the refined namo-de-plume of Floxy, was none other than a reprobate half-caste Maori lad, who had learned to ape the vices of the Pakeha without attempting their virtues. Floxy, otherwise Hapo Tuki, had a devil-may-care "boy " from the Eme- rald Isle for his , Padre, his mother be- ing a Maori woman. How poor Floxy come into the world no one could say; but one thing is certain, viz, that Barney M' Blatheri?- gan (the aforesaid Padre) brought the wee coffee colored bundle of humanity home to his hut on the Waikato ; and here, amid choice language and whisky tippling, the half-blood was nursed un- til he was able to run about and scratch for himself. Floxy learned two things while be- neath the paternal roof--.to drink like a fish and to speak in the richest of brogues. Of course, thee was a certain dignity about the lad, but when he did unbend and condescend to open up a conver- sation, it appeared the strangest of all strange things to listen to the dusky rascal chattering in true Irish "patois" and with a tongue that a Dublin Jack- een might have envied. For a consideration, Floxy----who, by the way, was well acquainted with every Maori settlement in the Waikato country--had agreed to become my guide and servant on a tour I had de- cided to make among some of the more important tribes of the Maori race. The "consideration " consisted of five pounds, one suit of blue serge and a double-barrelled gun. For these arti- cles Floxy had bound himself to serve me for twelve months, with the under- standing that I allowed a pint of whisky and some" tobaccy" every week, when procurable, during the term. The half-caste had one quality which shone conspicuously above his other attributes, and that was impudence. No doubt the boy inherited that from his father; and I am of opinion that if Floxy had imbibed nothing worse from the same quarter it had been well for him. Turning to look at the rogue, as he stood in the open doorway with a grin on his dark face, I could not help, wish- ing that his wardrobe had been in keepin- ing with his ciulontry? A female's hat, without the ghost of a show o ribbon, in shape a mushroom, graced his head; while a well-ventilated coat and trou-. sers, which originally had been made for some person of three times the guide's build, clung to him for bare? life. "Did ye hear what I axed yez ?'' " Of course " "Well, it's waitin' I am." " To be tould whin we are to start," cried Floxv, taking off his hat and rub- bing his flax. ' Bother you! I've told you twenty times already). Now, he off and shut the door " The half caste obeyed, but the next moment his uncouth profile appeared again at the open doorway. "Shure there's an ould frind down- shtairs that hasn't set an eye on me these three years before today. Per- halps it wouldn't ie conv illtllent for ye to advance one of thim pints of whiskey which ye promised, sur ?" "No, it is not convenient . Floxy.'' "Thin the toIt a toe wi'l 1 budge w'id ye, mark that," replied the monkey, boldly, I felt inclined to hurl the decanter at him, but thought better of it and gave him the contents instead. I was not certain I had done a wise thing in in- dulging the debasing propensity of my quandamn friend on the eve of our de- parture. In the morning, however, the young imp was stirring betintes? Before the sun began to gild the peak of the Great Muleer seaward, the horses were sad- died; and, having settled my bill, I bade adieu to. the buxom hostess of thec "Swan." The New Zealanders style them- selves Maoris and consider all other races as far beneath them, Whether the word Maori may be derived from the root uri (dark) or considered syn- ontymous with moor (negro), I leave others to determine. With the natives Maoli simply signifies indigenous. or peculiar to New Zealand. The origin of the Maoris is shrouded in profound obscurity. Mysterious legends and traditions seem to convey vague historical reminiscences. Their history of the creation of New Zealand is given in the form of a legend by one Te Papa, a fisherman, corresponding well with the notions of the people whose abode is surrounded by the sea and whose chief occupation was fishing. The natives call the northern island "'Te Ika Mani," the fish of Maui. Mani, according to their traditions, is a hero-the very Hercules of their my- thology, who achieved many wonderful exploits. He was their first instructor in boat and whare building and the in- ventor of the art of twisting flax into cords and snares; He killed the sea monster Tuarua; he is lord of fire and water and likewise of air and sky. To Mani is due the honor of fishing up the land out of the ocean; hence its name, the fish of Mani. The hook on this occasion was the jawbone of one of his ancestors. The fish was hardly above the water before the bro- thers of Mani fell upon it to cut it up. Thence originated the mountains and valleys and all the irregularities on the surface of the country. Strange to say, the outlines of the north island actually resemble the form of a fish and the Maoris even designate the localities corresponding with the respective parts of the fish. The sou- thern portion is the head, the north- western the tail, Cape Egmont the back tin, East Cape the lower fin. Wanganui, they say, is the salt water eye of the fish; Wariaropa the sweet water eye. Kingoronga is the upper gill, Te Riaurapa the lower gill. The active volcanos 'I'ongararo, with Tape Jarpo at its base, forms the stomach and belly of the fish. This was certainly an interesting proof of the correct knowledge the Maoris had arrived at regarding the island, long before its outlines were re- presented on a map. Crossing the narrow isthmus between Onchunga and Otathahu, I struckc out on the Great Southern Road, now the great highway of the interior, then ex tending little further than Drury, a small township about thirty miles from the city. Of course there was an extensive trade carried on the broad bosom of the noble Waikato River, which is navigable for several hundred miles; but the settlements of the Pakeha did not extend beyond the P'apakuri Range. The King Chief, William, had fixed the limit of the white man's land to this spot and had issued the mandate, " so far shalt thou go and no farther." Beyond the range there was no vestige of road. Instead of the cozy farms, the fenced meadows, with cattle graz- ing therein and the cultivated squares of green and brown that had met our gaze on the other side, there was no- thing now around us but a wild and vast panorama of hill and vale and mountain, thickly strewn with trackless forests of gigantic kauri pines, which made the light above almost darkness to us beneath their towering heads. In other parts of the world I had made most of my journeyings by rail or steamboat, but I soon discovered that a trip up the Waikato meant toil and hardship of no light order. Paths practicable for horsemen were not many on the other side of Papakuri. Indeed, the difficulties arising from the nature of the country to be travelled had been mentioned by the guide, who told me plainly that the horses would be a hindrance rather than a help. This I discovered to be correct before we had gone a score of miles from Drery? The narrow paths of the Maori led cent and descent, rarely in the valleys. honeycombed with holes and loose boulders. Acting on the advice of Floxy, who proved a very excellent guide. I barter- ed the nags for a sout camel? from some natives at Kuka? and took to the river as the better mode of travel. I had decided to pay my first visit to his Moari Majesty Hoki? at Man- \V,1 -' ttibha In, , ,iki the di:, tance was only forty miles, so we pushed on that day and part of the night in hopes of reaching the Maori metropolis the next morning. CHAPTER II. "Toki, King, of all the Maories , se- the fitLlte caitl iL the titheliti islatid. 'The t ityal itrsa lcite, a:. ii attn If the niutti: oleI, et, lhutitlltn d Itilei t:st of the tit y of Auckland The .1aii city lay liithet down, in ,t gtreit vatley, attd e-itsisctid of about two score at ge \i]hates ill lIa.ggliitg litses, with stuatler ones betwccn, attil coveting a space of abotit forty acres. The pennant of Ilis Majerty had a centre piece of white, surtounded by a broad crimson border; on the white there was a blue cross, beside the in scription, "Nuitircuo" and three dia imolnd-shaped figures. In front of t he palace a warrior, armed rip-,a p',, stallked to and fro, after the manner of tihe Guard sentinels at \Vildsor. A lmore lovely spot could iot have been selected in the 'whole of New Zealand than this name hapu, or dwcll. ing-place of the Maj.esty of Nlatotliland. On a wide, verdant slope, oc,:..lokin; the streatmi, sttood the city, while IetCe, in the intervening space, a kind of natutral Coliscum, iungedl in with tall kauci pines, served the tiases f(o a gi gattic council hall al/ ,'s , a. The rear of the scttlement was pro. tccted by the high MalnakuI lills,while a fine stream of clear fresh watcr,calle-l the Meri Meri Creek, meandered with mnany a curve and screcntine twist through the heart of the valley. irrie.t ing the cultivated ptatches of potatoes and sweet yamns in its vicinity and whose banks wtce runged by long lines of peach trees,; planted at the suggcs tion of the King's Prime Minister, of whom more anon. It was a Inumerous but somewhat motley guard of honor that escorted Floxy and myself from the landing place to the door of the King's man, Ston. r \ithout any further ceremony than. a kind of grunt, I was ulshcred into a long, narrow apartment, in which were assembled more than thirty persons (including several ladies). In the royal Maori I found a squab fellow, about sixty years of rge and robed in a blue coat with red facings and shining brass buttons. Ils lower extremities were cased in a long pair of seatnan's boots and he had a beard and mnoustache, which imparted to his fca totes a Moorish look. Squatted round his majesty in a cir cle were four Maoris, whose faces riv etted my attention. The foremost of these was a noblc-lookicg savage of I ierculian proportions, in the prime of his manhood. Unlike most of his race, this Maori had a clear olive skin, straight, prominent nose, with eyes as keen as those of a hawk; the lower portion of his face was horribly tattoed, which completely disfigured his other wise bold and handsome features. IHis hair was ornamented by a single moho feather and he wore a toga, or cloak, of white mnuka flax, unsullied by any tag or emblem whatever. This was T'e Puki, tie bravest and wisest of his race, who perished with seven hun. dred of his warriors six months later, while defending Patcrua against the volunteers. Seated next to To Puki.was an indi vidual totally different, both inl person and costume, This was a boyish chief, thick-set as a prize-lighter and with a round, bullet head, not unlike a pro fessional bruiser. Ilc seemed at least twenty or thirty years the junior of his neighbors. His eyes, which by sotime freak of nature were placed very wide apart, never rested on one object a moment together, but roved round and about with a sly, susplticiouts glance, which displayed the double, trcachetc tOns dispositionl of te own, r 'r., .,t tempt to js.v his look w.., oult of tile question, but the moment you turned your glance fromt hint you instinctively ftit that he was examining yout, " 'Ite forehead of this youth wa. lowland overhung to to he brows with thick, ta.t ted hair, but in spaite of the thick cov ering thereon one could clearly dislternl three distinct qualities standing proI mninently forth in T' Kouti, namely, crielty, firmness and the sublety of the devil. On the other side of Te Kooti sat the one-armted chief, 'T'e Iluna. IIut. headed, ignorant and stubborn, he held the Gate I'alh with onlly two huLn dred half-armed warriors against a whole Imperi.l regiment for six d.ays, when he eventually perished, togthelr with his unfortunate companions. The fourth -laori of the group presented a different aspect to the others. A wvell-lnade sava;ige, with a tattoo mark upon him statidin. Ioldly up; with folded arms, the datI:, Moor. ishslooking head fixed ithmly upont broad atd ample sholuld.; antl tlhe swalrthy, open face, manly .alld ttltight. forward in its every capsL.. iunt. Rest, The Eagle, will nevot lhe ToiI:tcllt by our geilc l.lthllns of New l;tts~lihcl. cether Malor or Iakeha. Able alike b th it, the cunctil and ill the field, this gteat t ebel leads r has been a thlm in the sile if the anti .Maori patty since hie wa 5t l;.tect, )catis old. l'cctro hiof tIs certify that the Whole Mlitsan t.sintly l?ey ha ctaln isInlllnu t f . t'iislty is t llliol toIwautI ls e,.'h t,'her, , S hLe tine sIsy et. In iy' ,., I c ris e. 1 fela t dlrasen with |lilsil' tehs; lwards this yottttg chll, elis'h a lllich,: its the toutrac o c n\ssl: , I t unsth \sits e tc ut Ilal, ll ie < onli sigik t sh ,It tilently atd ssituoiust tilt let I it'tu'lve lpiiceted to iv' l t ie ai ,t Ihe i sis oitmatiot it his p ?;se 5 ,btousst sit peojle. Asu si.itin.; I, tile Kin enCquired if wrue I',t lhu .;h t hitc Iel'stay t'co t ,d , mt Vn}i .! 5 ly cii thi treg itive,t 5l55 I.iii:Jt l d siltl dte d Ii ots lVt. tIte 5 l s.u.t, tIhe ? ise bic Ie Cable, the lts iunt rof ti.,te ;tt the Ccuut cit SAt , i, .t tiIutitWy ;:itor fisutl osh t" t the, wat sihis jieviously statt.ioned ,nl ths .oas:, shot i.td ,i.u e his way sito the \\\'ikats st o ttry, taiutte .st \leusst \womnti at:d ttleid d,,wis icn the csltnd ,s lt lie t' i lvtd with set and so 1 'c.ci' ,se ac tatusss l. _d MLasoi and a '1 t' i'residct had a jolly-looking face, t. tedllstied it ttc tO'1t Ot tci esuc y; ty ion gt cy wefsthk cs, which tscest uIsdter the lhin like a coil of I p-. A st,,od-hu tirs ed face osn the ic.s;le, etmout intg a tnuscular, thick-st fs.nte, wratpled in yts ket alnd trou.tets of ci ca flax, lie w.cs tatcdl ott a rintc.t.,k, with a news tailes, whls+tIt he lied btett leading to hlis toyal master. lien C.sable greeted aty companioer warttly, yet w'cth a t cttain e!y .isd prt nonce. To me he bowed stily, but invited us to his house by the river bank.-To is Continued. W t 