The Living Christ (BY THE REV. T. BYNON DAVIES.) And iii the'fourth watch of tho night Jesus went unto them, walking on the sea. And when the disciples saw Him walking on ¡.he sea, they were troubled, saying. "It is .1 spirit;" and they cried out for fear. . Tlien they that were in the ship came and worshipped Him. saying, "Ot a truth Thou are tho Son of God."--St. Mau. xiv , 25, 28, and 33. The disciples of "Christ were twice caught in storms on the'Sea of Galilee. Most-ot. the public life of- Jeeuswas spent in the v*cinlty of this lake. This is the second memorable storm. Let nie show you how the second differed from the first. In the first storm, the disciples 'lad Jesus on board. At'leep, you say; yes, i know, but He was there. Christ was there, a sleeping Christ, but the sleep- ing Christ took away their fears. Even though asleep Christ was a, guarantee of the safety of the. ship,-. - At tho .time oL the'sëcôni.Btorm Christ was miles, away In 'the solitudes 'of the mountain. Ip: this storm it was three hours before the dawn of day. It was only six. miles across the lakè, but af- ters night's hard rowing they had only half, cross- ed. The night was dark,and th en Jesus was ab- sent, which mado the darkness ten times darker, as it does in.every storm. Only a few hours after the grandest day they had experienced, when 5000 had beer fed, here they, were out on the sea. drenched by the rains of heaven and driven by the winds in the dark, surrounded by gloomy hills and valleys. . And do not these twelve men in the storm present us with a faithful picture of hu- man life? To-day the feast, to-morrow the storm ; Olivets one day, Gethsemanes the next; corona- tions one day, and crucifixions the next. And does it not explain and illustrate the saying, "No cross, no crown." This is the way the Master wont, and it was at the Master.'s command that these men launched into the deep In the dusk of this eventful day. THE PHANTOM AND THE REALITY. In my te_xt there are two opinors of Jesus CL Hst described. The one describes a phantom Christ, and tho other the real Christ. "It ls a-( spirit; and they cried out for fear." . . . "Of ' a truth Thou art the Son of God." A Christ far away from men/is still unreal. "It is a spirit," they say. More than that, a Christ far off is not only unreal, but alarming. Now, ou the other hand, a Christ at hand is a reality. "Thou art the Sen of God." A Christ at hand Inspires lové. "They worshipped Him." And-now I ask this question, a question I want you all to ask;your sclves: "Are not men still foolish in this way, that they still deal with a Christ that ls far away from them, that they are still dealing with a phantom Christ, still dealing with that hazy figure on tho waters, instead of dealing with .a Christ eic se at . hand?" . Before we can understand Christ he must pass into our boat,, when all "at once we shall chauge- our opinions and. fall down and worship Him. ' Christ far away , from men- is ' unreal! "It ls a spirit." In some versions you have .the words phantom, spectre,, apparition; .ghost. Now, can you imagine anything less real than a ghost? A ghost has no existence outside the covers of a few magazines. . It;has »neither body or soul," taste or dimensions, father or mo- ther; it cannot be burned in the fire or drowned iii the sea; it has no existence outside the imagi- nation. Theso men, however, shared the popular belief of their day in ghosts. When they saw that gleam in the darkness, that something in the hu- man form which moved on the waves; they drop- ped their oars and screamed . "IT'S A GHOSTÎ" ' It looks very childish,.but can we afford to laugh at these men? Are wo not.niakihg the sáme mis talft? in regard to Jesus Christ? We know the Christ of God, most of us, merely as a figure that walked this world nineteen centuries- ago. We know him merely as a martyr or saint, a sort of sacred Caesar or glorified St. Paul. That Christ is no more than a ghost walking on tho waves. If : we have never felt the act of the personal re- det m lng Christ, then he is to us only a spirit walking on the waves. . Christ at'a distance from any man, now as then, is not a reality. , Christ far away la alarming. These men were terri- fied, when it was their best friend. There is, of course, room for the element of fear in religion, reverent fear, what we call awe; but there is fool- ish fear. . Thero is a kind of fear, a lawful, admlr-' able, excellent' fear," fear due from creature to Cre- ator, subject to king, child to parent. . This fear is no bondage. This fear is for our discipline. There is a fear the result of ignorance. - When it «i-rings from superstition or a guilty conscience, that fear is bad. There is no room for terror in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Slavish fear never troubled man in the days before the Fall! ItSvas sin that Introduced fear into the world, and per feet love casteth out fear.. There ls uo room in ; Ihó rellgioiOf heavenly love fer Ibo dwelling of fear. Iii the case of. thé Apostles, however,-you are dealing with fear of the commonplace order, simple terror. The storm hp d something'to do 1 -with it. Mon have shouted to heaven .on tiré sinking ship who 'have never offered prayers to God on terra firma. But 1 do.not know that they ever proceed beyond tho masthead. Man is ever tho'same, a marvellous mixture of hope and fear. To-day we trust, to-morrow Ave tromble. When Peter approached hid Lord on the waves, he was K-afe and his step was Arm so long as he had faith, .but when he took his thoughts off the Saviour, wbeu he listened to the roai's of the waves around him and t^,howling of the AVind, crash Avent his .. feet tnroiigh thc crystal pavement. Beginning to fear, he began to sink. Ve get into deep water '.when Ave take our eyes oft' tho Saviour. Doubting times are sinking times; as Avith Peter, so Avith all men. . -- CHRIST FAR AWAY IS UNREAL. '.J . Nearer at hand He is a blessng indeed. You vyill find that in verse thirty- three. "Then they that Were in the ship came and worshipped Him, say- ing. Of a truth Thou art the So;i of God." Where will you And a nobler, true confession? The spectre on the waves has become- the Son of God. Tl ey, heard the music bf the old ;fanillar voicethat quelled .the storm. A moment before they thought that they Avere'at the mercy of the Avaves, but the Bonrid bf that voice came" upon tliem, and all at once the Avind ceased and, Uie storm .was calmed. Tho choicest things of ^Jesus Christ are spoken by Him across the waves of trouble. The sweetest whispers of Christ are spoken to ; His o/vyn' children, and IIOTJO 'are ; sweeter' than these: . "It 'is l; bc iibt. afraid;'.' ItfAvas.no.t.a spectre; thc great I AM Avas He not au apparition. The great storm King was out on the deep. The tempest kijeAv His voice, and Avas hushed to sleep like tho babe upon its mother's breast. ".'-/..' Some people refer this particular storm to the Evil Ono It is not fair. It is not true. Even yet, however, there is a Avidely spread belief that there is an intimate connection betAveen fate and moral evil, and any natural calamity is regarded as the result of moral delinquency. But it would be A'ery Avrong to measure a inan's guilt by the meesure of his individual calamities. Every man is not dealt Avith according to his sins and mer- its. Old John Milton-so it is said-Avas visited in poverty by Charles IL", and he was reminded of his blindness, Avhifli AA-.as'imputed to him as a judgment. "Nay," said the poet, "If I have lost my sight through God's judgment, what about your father, Avho lost his head?" THAT VIEW OF PROVIDENCE IS TOO COMMON. Did this man sin or his parents, that be was born blind?-blindness being looked upon as the direct judgment bf God on sin. And I am old en- ough to remember the.time Avhen in the country if a farmer lost a horse or a cow, the people used to say that it Avas a judgment of God. They were all. Avrong, and an old .Welsh preacher used to an B-Syer them well: "If. God Almighty punshed our sins by taking away'out'" cattle you wöuld . find neither a hoof nor a horn from east to west, from north to south." The Lord sent His disciples into the storm. These were his very own disciples, the noblest dozen of men then on the face of the eal th, and yet he sends them into the heart of the Ydack tempest." No sooner do they get into thc :-hip than tho storm breaks. Now had this been a boat of Pharisees, and had the whole thing collapsed, and the men lost their lives, the world would not have been much poorer. But herc you have the tv.elve apostles, the flower of the earth; if these men had perished,"~\vhere would you find their suc- cessors? But Jesus knew that they would not perish. Man is immortal until his work is done. God's way is not easily seen. Weeping may en- dure for the night, but joy cometh in the morning. Christ here inspires love'and worship. Wonder passed into worship. By the Avay, He was never confessed as the Son oí God before this occasion. Wcrship is the expression of our highest love, so high and holy that God alone bas the right to re- ceive it. Men are still concerning themselves with . " THE ABSENT CHRIST, tho ghostly Christ, the unreal Christ, the far- away Christ, instead of the Christ who is near to them. Men will come to Chirst as teacher, as prtphet, as reformer, as saint. But they keep away from Him as the living Christ. The Christ of the Unitarian is not the Christ at all, but an- other Christ walking upon the sea. Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father. Your merciless cynic is glad to condemn Christ and: Christianity because a poor specimen of Christianity has brought the name into disrepute. He does not condemn all the sovereigns, because now and again a false coin gets into «ircuiation. He does not condemn,the science of medicine, be- cause he meets now and again with an unskilful (lector. . He does not condemn lawyers because he has met one dishonest lawyer. BitUhe points to a bad bliri'stian" as "a* proof that something is rwrong with the Christian faith. . He docs not judge Christiánity'hy ;its Divine power or by its best disciples. - He goes 'away discussing in his mind, not the real Christian,- the real Christy but the phantom Christ, the ghostly Christ. Move- ments should be judged by Jhelr best men and not by their worst. I shall .-be told that the strength of a chain-is measured by the strength of its weak- est link. That may be true of chains, but it is not true of men. Christian men should be judged in the spirit of Jesus Christ. Many á bitter foe Avruld become a sturdy defender, if he gazed not at the distant Christ,, but at the peerless reality. Men often attack, not the prophet of Nazareth but a caricature of Him. THE GREAT LESSON" TO ME ' .from the whole story is that we who bear the m.me of Christ,; whether as preachers, teachers, fothers or mothers, : should pray for greater ^strength and more grace to show forth the real Christ to the wide world, and.in this connection I must confess myself tó bo of the optimists. I do not look behind for the golden age. The present times are far, far better thau "the good old times," and the future times are best of all. The day is hastening on when the whole earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the Saviour. To know tba real Christ we, like His disciples, must launch into the deep. Christ is out on the stormy waves bf the nineteenth century/ out on the sea of mod- ern life. He rides on the storm. Do not for a .moment suppose that storms and troubles, which, are divinely sent, have no meaning,- and do no good. Möst of the Psalms were:written in the wil- derness, the best Epistles were' composed behind' prison bars. , We have .to thank: Bedford Gaol for, the "Pilgrim's Progress.!' ;The.sea onJwhch wo are launched is a sea of trouble.'. . There are over pWhelming waves. ; But I.have good news for you. CfcriBt .is still upon the waves, and the. storm is ! quelled by His yoice. Ile calmeth the tempestr If He is «till out on the wave; what shall we do, what shall we say?" Shall we ask him into the ; ship, or are we content that he should always re- main a distant ghost walking in the haze? Let us ask Him to share with us the boat. Matthew Mark, and Luke say the storm was calmed, and John adds that they were soon at the harbor. Let us be like Peter, and grasp His hand. We grope our way from dark behind to dark before. The night will become day, and there shall be darkness nevermore. -_ _ 