Ilaptisiii. TO TUB KDITOI1, gir,— Ono ? can .yrapathlso with tho Illiterate, hut when buoIi a loarnod .man a. iiJohnKnox' coniloaoeml. to mako auoh .tatoraont. a. hi. third, epistlo on till, sub loot contalni, thoy call for tho .ovorcat com ment IJta quibbling iu regard to the emu of Lydla l« «nrpil»ipg. H' »iy» ?'— ' If ' N. No a' underttood tho II rat rudlindnt. of deUto ho would not ask nny opponent to prove » ucsatlvo,' and nlno challenges mo to Erovo LjiTIh'i household wore 'liollevors nrior to baptlim. or f«lllnn to noknowlcilgo K jofcat.' 1 fnll lo «eo whero tho negative comcaln, and nin nlso aitoniahnl ataman of leainln;, connected with Ilio Grand Anostollc 1'rcsbyterlan Ohureh, asking for fav furlhcr proof than that which hn hat rrcul vial. In addition to tho answer given lohlsqueillon I would ask him to consider the strong clroumstanlinl evidenoo surround [pp. tho caio In point j nnd having done so io con ouly .uppose that tho houauhold of I,uli«, with one exception, wcru unbelievers Urn. ill. lie stippoics they wore vnbrlltten, toil I tuppoM tuny were ociicrer*. uere woaro tiiual, but when wo put the convcr ?Ion of Lydla and her bnptlsm on view, my contention remain, trlumphnut. Thus far m havo advanced, and I would like to know who would wish to keep nn ordinanco, or torn a rellRlous rite, on a Buppoalllon. To uln i,|, point ' John Kuox ' would have to innpoic thiy wore unbollovcin and that Paul vriiilil have baptised them, and my point li italnol bjr quoting the Lydla .convCTsiori, etc anil (to strong clrcurnstnnlinl cvidcucu raanllng tho household. Your rendurs can judge from this whether I havo been do 'jl, reply l0 hinqnory No 2 'John Knox ' sirs li Mi aliolute failure, and that ' neither of them containn a Bolilary commaml for bsllevcrs' iMptleni only, nor for bollovers1 uiiitlimntall.' Like many moro poor un iortunotcs who jump nt conclusion, wo ?te him trying to emerge from the sea of absurdities lutu which hu has fallen. -- Go yc, therefore, and teach nil milloiiB, baptlnlng them (meaning bcllcvois) in the name of lhe Father, and tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost j teaching them to observe all lhlng- whatso ever 1 have commanded you,' were the wonli Jcsui spoke unto his disciples. Here we have n command, mid ono which applies lo Dallons. Now 1 would ask docs ' nations ' Imply every Individual/ If so, havo tho Apostle* done as thu Lord told them to do— btptin every individual of nil thu nations. The answer la 'No,' because there were numbers of unwilling ones. Then 'all nations ' docs not meau every Individual creature they may contain, and hence the porilou they were to bnpllse were believers Un the fnce'of this whoever beheld such a tpcclmrn of lemoning as ho puts forth in his third illusion. The quotation used Is from Matthew, not Mark, and it norijitiin. The concluding pmtion of his last letter is quite In keeping with the beginning, nnd to (lie clear minded it must, appear nought but nonsense, especially where be says : — ' Here 1 stand, nnd 1 defy all tho ? dippers ' in Tin mania to dUlodgo me.' Who would be foolish rnough to try nnd dislodge him from ' a foumlathin of supposition / 1 must now ! nrcrrid to 'John Kuox's' level to deal with - his aiserllou regarding lhe Devil, and he I king a lit subject Tor bapiimu. Hlsques- J tlui on this blou', brought forth my answer ? —Yes: any believer was a (It subject for - Inptlsm ; and no one would suppose that I meant nny other than those who believe to the saving nf the soul. In James II., IU, wo have recorded— 'Thou bcllovcst that there Is one God ; thou docst well ; the devils al-o belletc, and tremble,' But wilt thou Snow, 'John Knox,' that belief without ivorkl»dcad.Therefore,hl8l-elitfftbo Devil's) avails him nothing, nB it is without' works The to-called commi-«loi of Mark, stating ' he that helloveth anil Is baptised shall be savul,' prvsciittqultcndllTurcntaspcct when lhe proviso Is luForlcd, ' Observe all things nhatioever I have commanded you.' Under thwe circumstances 'complete annihila tion' must be the portion of 'John Knox ' My third question ' What is Baptism ' has not oecn answered yet. Why / In conclusion I will quote him a chapter and verse which will no doubt astonish nnd convince him, despite his challenge, that the household of Lydia were believers. That of Acts xvl., 40:— 'And they went out of the prison, and cutcied Into the Iiouko of Lydla ; iiMtmlivntltnj hail , ecu the ircthrcit, they eomfurtol them nnd departed.' What can he Iho only meaning of such language?— Yours, etc., ' NoscoxronuisT No 2.' rWcwonld remind our correspondents of the stipulation madn when this controversy was .tailed, tl nt the lettors were to be 'brief and to the point,' and would aak Ed^'Wr'''1'''' closely an possible.— 