THE SENFREY .MYSTERY OR A BROTHER'S VENGEANCE. A letective Story. Br iErloIy HIEasrs,. PE. 4cd by special arrangement with I esos Ward, Lock 4' Bowdcn, Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED] CH&PTER; IV. " BINGE AND LOOP." Before I left Eaton Square I took Morton into my confidence. "I suppose you were very fond of your master, Morton?" I asked. " I shall never get another like him, air," replied the man. "I would have gone thrmugh fire and water for him. I tried all I knew to sa.v him; but I assure you, sir, it was impos eible." "And I suppose," I went on, "you would be very glad if the man, or the woman, for all I know, who murdered him were brought to justice ?" '"I would that, sir," Morton replied. "I'd give all 1 have-and I've savel up a pound or two-if it could be done." "I think it will ba done, Morton. Don't doubt that, though you will not be called upon to help towards it, except by your good-will. I'm a private detective." "I know that, sir," said the man with a smile. "I've heard all about you, sir." "Well, since you know it," I retorted, "it's all the better. I'm going to try and diecover who is guilty of this awful bu3i. ness, andyou'll help me, if you can, won't you, Merton P' " You may rely upon that," said Morton, determinedly and bitterly. "You can call oc me early and late, winter and summer. I'd walk from here to Sootland barefooted if I could do anything to further it." "That being the case," I said, " you can tell me the truth about one thing, beclas, it will be of the utmost importance. Had Lodr Senfrey anything to do with that Italian girl ? ' "Nothing whatever," was the prompt rc ply, " I assure you, except introducirg her to a theatrical manager, and lending her money." "Of that you're sore?" I asked. "Quite sure." he replied. "I knew all s bis his little affairs. He'd no secrete from me you see, sir, and he'd no more to do with that girl Oiano than I had." "You're telling me the exzuc unvar aisbed truth ?" I asked ; " hiding nothing 1 You're not thinking of shielding your dead master's character I'" I'm telling the absolute truth, Esr. If I were put upon my oath I couldn't say a different word." "I believe you," I remarked. "Have you any idea how that girl came to poison erself, then F" "None," was the man's quick reply. "Do you know whether or not she had a lover ?" "That I don't know. I never saw a man talk to her except once, and that was one day when I took a letter to Miss Anderson at the Sheridan. You see, my lord got Maria Orano taken on at the Sheridan, and while I was waiting for the hall.keeper to bring an answer from Miss Anderson, I saw the little Italian girl come I out, and a moment afterwards C)unt B-odie come out, too, and they walked down the street together, talking to one another i as if they knew each other quite well." Count Brodie again. He evidently had the entree of the Sieridan stage-a not very diffi.ultmatter, and not an occurrence upon which to found a suspicion of the crime. "That was the only occasion." I asked, "on which you saw Maria O:ano and I C.u',t Brodie together F" "The only one," was the man's rep y. "' Did you ever see Count B:odie speak to Mis? Anderson F' "He might have done so for all I re member," Morton replied. "Hs used to be regularly at the Sheridan at nights duzing the short time my lord went there." "Thank yLu," I rejoined. "L:t me give you one bit of advice, however. Don't say a word about what you have said to me to anybody. It might get to the C. nt's ears, and it might prevent me from fol lowing out a clue I have in my m:nd." " You can rely upon me," said the man. "I'll be as silent as a mouse." "It's a case of dierchc: la femme," I said to myself, as I was wa!king along from Eaton Square to the Sloane eq oare Rail way Station. "A woman is at the bottom of it, that's certain." Who was the woman P That was the question. I ran over in my mind the names of the ladies who were in any way connected with Lord Snfrey. There wea Lidy Georgins Rlowdon to start wits, but naturally she wre out of the question, one of the most lovable and loving girls on earth, pure-m'nded and simple, and always moving with a languor which by itself made crime and is attendant violence im possible. Then there was Mrs Alfred Neymer, now Ldy Bentrey. She had been as poor as a church mouse two or three days ago. Now a fortune had dropped upon her as from the clouds. She was heartless among the heartless. Money washer god-not money for the lve cif itself, but for what it brought. She loved to fling the gold into the streete." Could she have been the instigator of the crime or even the actual criminal ? Her husband, weak, boneless, purpose-less, was like an india-rubber ball in her hands. Suck a woman, if driven into a corner, might play a deuperat cuard, and risk a m?nime. Then there came three names, with all of whom, as I now found, Count Brodis was in some way connected. Thee wre Maria Orano, whom Morton had seen in converse with the Count. There was Dorothy Anderson, engaged at the theatre which he regularly frequented; and there was, last of all, Lady Bent. whose particuar favorite he seemed to be, and over whom I had little doubt, he had some kind of ' hold. I was turnming these things over in my mind while I was seated in the railway carriage going towards Charing Croes. 1 was alone in my frat-class compartment. It was one of those in which the partition runs nearly to the top and barely leaves an aperture curved above, and straight below, and barely a foot at its highest. A sudden jar cf the canige, as the brakes were being spplied when we reached Victoria, startled me from my thoughts, and I heard two gentlemen enter the next compartment. The train steamed away towards St. James' J'ark, and before I could fall into eelf-communion again my atten tion was attracted toward the men in the next divisio. One of them wu a cotchman by his dialect ,Ah tell ye.' e was usayig, "et was jst a piece o' luck sent to earrth from the sy for him. Ah'd a bill of his for twa th-saPnd pcm sad" - here the voice dro a tll,, but as I listeed at teively I onuld still follow it-" et was supposed to be endorsed by Lord Senfrey, ad Land eSarey's segnatre waes a "You don't mesa to my so F" said the Et's true as the G spel Ah'dgi'en him tell the next day at noon to pay at and the n0at day at ron he brought me the mosey sad got the bill" "Yo- .r.pibs u" said the other ma " I always thet Alfred ?eyIm, to be bIrPyea1,spJ iWUr J kLug fr him, f:: ah'd told him that ah wouldprosccute him. Of course, ah wouldns la done so en the end, but he didna know tint." Here was a discovery. Alfrl Neymer hid not only been over ins shoulders in debt, as I knew, but he was actually threatened with a prosecetlon for forgery on the very day when Lord Senfrey was murdered. In such an emergensy that wife of his might not have hesibted, and, placed between Scylla and Charybdis, might have fought for her hunband's liberty by mur dering his brother. I sat still until we reached Coaring Cross. There, as I got out, I looked into the com partment where the two gentlemen were dtting, and I recognised the Scot as Mr Muir Macrre, the well-known money-lender of Dake-street. The mystery was darkening. It would require a great deal of skilful ferreting out When I got home, I todo the little scrap of paper which I had found at Eaton Square from my pecket and exandned it carefully by the aid of a magniying glass. Toe letters had been formed by some one who used a " J " pen, for mostof the side strokes were thicker than the up and down strokes. The paper was smooth, stout, white writing-paper, probably tarn from a sheet of letter or note paper. The quality was good. It was ribbed creorways, and water lined straight up and down. Oe water line was visible on my plete. I could find no other water-mark, except in one corner, where a little, nearly triangular mark was barely visible. I looked carefully at the letters. They were formed by an expert writer endeavoux lng to disguise his or her identity. Some of the letters were exceedingly well-shaped, others were straggllng. and certainly in tentionally distorted. The first letter on my scrap-the letter "S "-was such a one. It was a letter which a child In Its first attempt to write might have formed. But the oriminal had apparently lost sight of his or her purpose when making the last letter on my scrap-the letter " R." There the first up and down stroke was very thin, ani the rounded portion at the top and the portion at the end were both made with vigour and self-assurance, f r the loop was beautifully rounded, and the bottom of the " B" out off sharp, showing that the letter had been made with swift. uess and decision. The writing seemed to give no indication either of a female or a male hand. I in. olined towards considering it the writing of a man. But, then, I argued that very few men nee a "J " pen in the manner that this perdbn had uses it, by holding it with the broad part of the point sideways. "It is mostly women," I said to myself, "who use a J' pan in this fashion." Bat, of course, a woman might have written the word', and a man might have schemed out the horrible business with her. I was thinking over the affair when my glance fell upon Lady B rnt's letter, which I had received that morning, and which was lying on my table, and my gaae fas tened itself upon it as upon a snake; for that letter, to be sure, had been written with a " J " pan held sideways. I compared the paper of tie latter with my scrap. There was no similarity. I tried letter after letter on my ecrap with letters in her note. There was no reoam blance, ani of corse there could be nons except the similarity resulting from the writers of the two holding their pans in the same manner. Bat the fact remained -that diabolic scrap had been written with a "J" p!n held sideways; of that I had no doubt, and Lady Bent wrote with "a J " pen which she held sideways. Teat was also patent to anybody who saw the letter. My first busines? would be to obtain rpeclmens of the handwritings of all the people whom I EuspcLed. For that pur pose I wrote a short note to Lady Senfrey, asking if it would be convenient for her to nee me on the followisg morning. I de spatched this by express messenger. Teen \- sent, by my clerk Weatherby, a short missive to Miss Dorothy Anderson, simply asking a question relating to a friend, then in Africa, whom she knew. In the first instance I was quite baffi ,d; !or the time, at any rate. Lady Senfrey tent her reply by telegram. My note to Miss Anderson came back, simply with the words scribbled in the :orner: " Busy rehearsing. Eon't know. Excuse scrawl.-D. A." That, of curse, ~uld give me no indication of what I wanted, as it was written with pencil. and noet likely while the writer was standing ip. I should have to try there again as well. That same afternoon Morton brought ISrat to my chambers. He had combod the little doggie's long hair ani had- tidied him; and, in addition to his little silver :ollar, had tied a blae silk ribbon round his neck. He had tears in his eyes and :ould barely speak - when he put Sprat lown on my sofa. "My lady has been at me again," he said, " about poor Sprat, and I thought I'd better bring him to you at once." There was a gasp and a break in his voice. "' I my lord knew it," he ssid, " he'd turn in his "- He was evidently about to say "in his grave," bat he arrested himself. I went up to Spat aad sat myself down by his side and stroked him. Toe little Icggie looked into my eyes coldly, bat allowed me to go on without remonstrance. I took him up and put him a little closer to me, and he heaved a big sigh, such a a ittle dog is sometimes known to utter, and curled himself dowa by my side, look ing up at me all the while; and after a ittle epace of time he put his cold muzze to my hand and gave one gentle lick. This wan, I suppose, as a tokun that he recogniscd me as a friend. To me it seemed that, if a dog could speak, poor iprat said, "It does't ,matter what be comes of me now. My poor master is dead, and you can do with me what you like," Morton hal brought a little basket with biscuits and some chicken bones, and he spread them all out in a corner for Sprat to eee. But the dog was not to be temp:ed, and remained on the sca where he lay. "Yon'll take care of him, Mr Grey " he said, half tearfully. " You will, for my poor lord's sake, won't you p' "' I will take cre of the dog as if he ' belonged to me all my life. You can rely upon me for that," I replied. , Thank you, sir, kindly," the man said, and without a further word went oat. ' Toere'e a true serrant for you," I said to myself. "If that man can asmist me in my taok he rill-that I know." Sprat and myself came to be great friends before the afternoon had far adi vanced, but, try what I might, I could not get him to eat sytbhing. I had made up my mind to start my zsearoh that very day. Therefore I garve to my clerk, valet. secretary, mesnenger,and general factotum, Weatherby, all necessary iastructions about the dog's keep sad tratteat while I might be away. "I shall have to begin at tie beginning," I said to myself; "and the beginning of all this trouble lay with that gil, Mari Orano." I set out, therefore, towards nams-treet, Bedford Row. I was not long In finding the house in which the girl had poisoned herself. The number wa 132, amd it had the dark, dingy, haltfqualld apparanoe of the regular Holborn lodgig-koues. It was an ugly, four-storey, brown friok buildlng. totally guileless of orsamtaiio., the kind of house that abounds I the dintros about Gray's Inn ioed The windows shorne like the sausoie ef a stagnat pool with the dust andgrime ef months. The knooker on the d?o? was r-sy, the iron ralings of the are snmered from a simUlr doay, ad up in the smeglonas usa? the sky at lres two windows were mended with pper. In the sheet of glass over the doorway a time-nsill card ,anounoed to all and every eof Her Majty's lege, and alien to boot, that funished apartmuan and bedrooms were to he let. I looked round the street. It was of that multitudeof In' I on sh .asghburheod people ,f all kinds, lr, ad natenalite rwold onur egate. No e.-ewr ate ?lo?ld he ? a ded be- the eaeriu s of the oeharaes of the Inahaits wla. Nobody, it was true, might suspect that a nobleman or a millionaire lived there; but, at the same time, the occupations of the residents could be surmised only here end there from little bran. plates underneath the bellse. No 132 was neither much better nor much worse than its neighbour.., and might have harboured a fledgeling Milton or a dying Chatterton, or, taking a more pessimistio view. might have concealed a murderer, or given shelter to a profeeslnsil housebreaker. I knew that the police would by this time have thorougly examined the room in which Maria Orano had ended her young life; but I knew equally well that the late gleaner In the field of enquiry often gathers a rich straw. I kncoked, and the door was answered without' much delay by a sallow.faced, elderly woman, dressed in the slovenly remnants of what had once been a decent cashmere gown, with a small black worsted shawl tied crossways over her chest and shuldere, and with her hands cased in ragged black mittens. A black cap, adorned with dingy blue ribbons, sat upon her head; and she kept one hand upon the latoh of her door, as if ready to slam it in my face at the slightest provocation. "And what may 't be you want, sir2" she asked ganirly. " I see you've spartments and rooms to let," I answered very quietly and the lady. thus peacefully addressed, relented, and opened the door a little wider. " Come in, sir," she said, "and I'll talk to you." I entered, and for a moment or two the passage, lit only by the glass aperture over the door, looked to me like a dark cell. The lady threw open a door at the side, and ushered me into a sitting-room furnished in the regulation lodging-house fashion: green and yellow striped rep curtains, chair and sofa covers of the same kind, long faded out ef recognition of the original oolours, half broken, cheap china ornament., and mahogany furniture that had lost its lustro and, here and there, its regularity of con struotion. " You must excuse me, sir," she said ; "but I've been so bothered lately that I don't know whether I m a standing on my head or my 'eels. Is it a bed and sitting-room you want, or a bedroom alone; and is it for yourself, sir, or for anybody else F-not a lady, I 'op', sir, because I won't stake another lady in again, not if I know it; not if she was to pay me three pound a week. No, nevar no more-not while I'm keeping lodgings." I admitted that I wanted ro:ms for my self, but I expreased myself to be content with a bedroom only. I knew very well that Maria Orano had lived on the third fior, and to get into that room, or near that room, was of course my obj act. "I've got a bedroom to let, air," the woman went on; "in fact I've got two One is nine shillings a week, and one is seven shillings; and if you don't mind coming upstairs, I ll show 'ec to you." I followed her, and wan shown t) a back room on the third floor, the ono for which the lady demanded a weekly rental of nine shillings. From the description which I had read in the papers, I knew that Maria Orano had killed herself in the chamber opposite. "Is this the only bedroom to let P" I asked. The woman hesitated for a moment and then rap'fed " You sace, sir, it's a hard living one has to get by letting lodgings, and you look a respcctable young man, and if you was to come and lodge here, I'd like to keep you. I don't like to 'ave lodgers coming here, staying for a week or two, and then go away,.so i'd better tell you the truth, and the whole truth." "I've got another room, the one in front 'ere, and I've been offering to let it for all sorts of pricos, but I'm afraid I shan't be able to let it, because there's been a wretched girl living in there and killed herself-took poison; and the pollte have been 'ere, and the Coroner's ofioer has been 'ere, and Heaven knows only who's coming here next; and they've been worrying my life out, and asking questions, and put it all ;down on paper, so as I don't know what to say next and what I shall be asked next ; and if you're not afraid of living in a room where a girl and as nice a girl as ever you might have seen for the look of her-'as been and killed herself, you can 'ave the room for seven shillings a week, and it's a cheap room, can tell you. It's a front room, and lcely urnished." " Very well," I said; " I'm not afraid of ghosts, and I'm not afraid of people who kill themselves. Deal people on do no harm. I think I'L 'have a look at the room." It proved to be as pleasant a chamber as one might have expected to see in that house. Two flBwerpots, which the dead girl had evidently bought, still stood on the window shelf, and the furnlture-covers and hangings being of bright, if half washed out chintz, made the room look a little lighter and more cheerful. "Ithinkthis willdo,' Isad. "I'lltake your room; and to make sure that you shall be all right and come to no grief," I added, opening my purse, here's a fortnight's rent in advance." The promptly proffered coin was probably suficient evidence of my character ua a desirable lodger, for the sallow - faced lady immediately volunteered the state ment that her name was Matilda RMooney, and that her husband, dead and gone these ten years, had left her with seven children to support, and one of them a cripple that never could walk from its birth, and that she'd a hard struggle in the world to make both ends meet and get a hot jIlot on a Smanday; and that she'd be glad to know when Id brirg my luggage, for she'd have the room tidied up a bit. flow long the peroration might have lasted nobody migaht have told; but I stopped Mrs Rooney's fl w of speech by telling her that Ihad walked a good deal that day, and that if Ihe did not mini, I would he down and have a short rest, and later in the afternoon I would sally forth and return in the evening with my belongings. " Q site au you wish, sir," Mrs Rooney replied with an old-fashioned curtsey. " You've paid your rent for a fortnight, and for a fortnight the room's yours, though I do 'ope, sir, ua you'll stay much longer,for all my lodgers, when they once come here, don't seem to be in no hurry to go sway, though some of them do owe me a mint of money, ir, more than you'd ever beheve say man with a 'ert in his body would owe t' a poor widow with seven children to support, and one of 'em a orippe from his birth.'" I took off my coat and hung it upon the peg behind the door, and thin movement seemed sfficient indication to the lady to take her dipirture. " All right, sir," she said; " a wiak with a coal hamner'll do for m·e. I'm off. You go and have your nap, and then go out and fetch your trunk in the evening. Good ay, sir, and pleasant dreams to you." 1 was installed in the very room where Maria Oranmo had killed herself. I looked abouot the place, but of course it bore no signs of the tragedy that had taken place within it. I was about to go to the chest of drawers to open that, when the tramp of a man was heard on the staircas?, and I stepped to the door and gently and noise lesly- lcked it The steps approachel, ad for a second stopped on the landing outside my room Then they peaed on, seemingly, to the door next to mine. I could hear the man try tho handle. "Ces mnoi," he aid, in a quiet voice, the soand of which I seemed to know, and somebady within the next room rose, went to the do0r, ualocktd it, and the man out-i side enterd, I could act heer the opavertiom, but tha ring at that voles remaised sa my ear like the echo of ne I had heard before. I crpt to the wall and litened, but could hear nothing. After a while a slight noise reached me as of a man in the next room I dressing. Then lootsteps, this time of two mea, could be hard on the lading onu side. The men, whoever they were, went dowuntirs. I could hear the ball door slam, and then I stole back to the window sad raised it, keepig my head elre my After a few semr d I Ioohie out guardedly. The two men were strolling leisurely sling the pavement away from the house. Toe figure of one of them was quite familiar to me; but it was only at the next crossing, where they turned at right angles, that I recognised him. He was Count Gyffa Brolie. (To be Continued). 