? One is :u i"iis1onii'd to announcements in 11n 1 v4cg»s of things that don't ever happen ; hut the intimation that L^adv BKASSEY is contemplating tlie foundation of a Children's Protection Society in Melbourne, mar nevertheless he true, for it is quite in accord with her English reputation of intelligent philanthropy. There is infinite need for such an organisation, ancl tlioBe ivlio are blessed with the superabundance of this world's goods will give an eager if not n very intelligent support, to any scheme which eomes forth under Viceregal patronage. In withdrawing his amendment " that Mr. RICIIAHU SrEionr, late of the Bailway Commissioners, shall be the first coiuniissioneB under the new Act." Mr. .1011N HANCOCK made this very significant remark :—" T very much regret that we have not got a system of voting h\ liullot in the Assembly, because I feel perfectly certain that the decision on a question of this character wouid be considerably different if honourable memlicrs could record their votes by ballot."' The CHAMPION doeE not join in Mr. HANCOCK'* regret. It has no strong belief ill the incorruptibility of the Victorian Parliament. Indeed, when the Totalizator Hill was under discussion, it had good reason to regret that no division was taken, because ugly rumours of improper influence, which the division-list would have silenced or confirmed, were abroad. Similarly this conspiracy to restore SPEIGHT to the position from which he was dismissed, would have reached an infamouB consummation had it been possible for the conspirators to record their votes under the kindly cloak of the ballot. The country may well rejoice that it was not possible, also that the conspiracy was not strong enough, as in the Totallsator instance, to gain its object " ou the voices." That there is a conspiracy the moBt superficial student of local politic* can see. " It is well-known," said Mr BEAZI.EV, " that members have been approached in regard to the making of this appointment." II is also well known that months ago a certain Saturday morning meeting of members was held, at which the move was decided upon. Much more was within the knowledge of members and the public, which mode Sir JOHN M'INTVHE'S preliminary ingenuous remarks altogether " too thin," and quite justified the Premier's description of his attitude as that of " sparring for wind." Any surprise expressed at the HANCOCK amendment was chiefly hypocritical. The only circumstancc exist - ing for astonishment is the fact, that the nobblement of members should have been so effective, that it brought such a ourious crowd as MUUBAY SMITH, HANCOCK, HARPER, PHENDEHOAST, and STAI'GHTON, all to eliirp in harmonious chorus. TWRNER'B anger was the one healthy sign in the whole debate, and there wus decidedly more of vulgarity f lian of sincerity in Sir JOHN MCINTYHE'K remark that " there was no need for the Premier to ' get. his shirt out..' " There was considerable need, and well did Sir .Ions and his chameleon following know it. LONGMOKE wrapped up in a parable one of Iiie strongest reasons against SPEIUHT'S reinstatement:— There was a very painful side to the railway question. When he wan in the Dejuirtment he canned it to be known that if any driver of an engine was fonnd to be in any degree the worse for liqnor, and anything went wrong with bis work, he wonld lie dismissed instantly without redress. And what the country wanted in the workers on the railways it wanted in the managers of the railways. He knew that the managers of the railways were not always fit to take charge of the men, and he qnestioned very much if they wonld be fit to do it now. The Government had no right to pnt in the position of a manager a man who was not always in his best form. (Mr. Hancock: Then we ought all to be teetotallers.) It would be no harm to the Assembly if all its members were teetotallers. He did not want to press the matter any farther, bnt he maintained that the greatest mistake ever made by the Assembly would be made that night if it determined that Mr. Speight should go back to the lailways. Probably no man in the House can appreciate this better than the sarcastic Mr. HANCOCK. I)r. (TBESWELI. and liis fellow workers on the Board of Health might turn tlieir attention in a spare moment to the rubbish heap question. If prevention is better than cure, here lies a promising field of labour. If a private individiuil de]>osited piles of decaying vegetables, dead dogs, and feu] smelling rags, in a public reserve, the arm of the law would quickly have a hold of him. That could be but an incident.; when the same ojieration is performed officially, extensively and year after year, the Board gives the assent of silence to what is then euphemistically termed making the soil. For an illustration turn to a delta of land onclosed by the Marine Parade and Acland-street, St. Kilda, where the corporation dust carts daily deposit loads of filth unshakable, brightened by empty jam tins. Some day this will either lie turned into a reserve where people will go to recuperate in the sea breeze, or be the site of houses whose dwellers will be deliberately poisoned by exhalations rising from the foundations. Nothing seems to be known of the politics of Mr. .1. N. MCAHTHIH, who is spoken of as likely fo take a wulkover for the vacancy to be caused by the retirement from Parliament of Mr. SCOTT, MX.A. for Villiers and Jfeytcsbury ; hut failing evidence to the contrary he may be assumed a Conservative, lie is a brother of the barrister and 60n of old I'F.TEH MCAHTHI'K, of Mcniugoort, near Cnmperdown.and lias himself been for some years at Laurenny, close to Caranmt.. He is a keen sportsman, owns several racehorses,, serves on the committee of the Warrnainbool Racing Club, as master of the Hamilton hounds, etc., etc. If is extremely desirable that the second generation of thoee who have done very well out of this country should feel the obligation to pay back to it something in the way of public service, and this paper is going to applaud every such one who enters the lists against the carpel-baggers, and so extends the Bpherc of selection for the v oters. But if docs not follow that Mr. MCAHTHI H is the best man available, or that he should not have to show his worth in a contest. Mr. .1 ACK MIHRAY is, we are sorry to learn, suffering from domestic aflliction, but he should be able to assist later on in bringing out a candidate who would " extend " the squatter, no matter what his local influence, and give a good run for the money. The Age on private and public morality as to the payment of interest oil indebtedness gives another opening for " the deadly parallel." AGE, 22nd January, I89G. Act:, IStli December, 1895. E.S. k A. Bank Scheme. Preudergost and Bepudiatiou. The proposals (for payment The British creditor ]JJIH Jem of interest) should meet wifli us Lis money on condition we genera) approval. Money call- paid liini a stipulated interest uot-earn the return that if did, for the use of it. "We have smd lience to continue the at- used it, uud our obligation to leiupt to pay the high rate hiin amounted to a debt, while promised only hampers the in. our repudiation of it wonld lie stitution niid prevents its pro- .lownnVM theft (frees. We do not advocate the suicidal policy of repudiation by the State, hut morally t.he repudiation by the Banks is equally wrong and almost as ruinous to the country. There are of course great differences between the two cases. One is that Mr. PHENJIEHOAST does not advertise largely in the daily press, while fhc reconewindled insfil.iil.ions and the class interested in bolstering them up, do advertise very largely. The latest shriek " from the Argvs comes in the shape of a long leader by one of the staff of that modern and very melancholy Cassandra, a leader which is a contribution to the local literature of politics of real though unconscious value. It is a tirade against Socialism, called forth by the failure of tluit ill-advised, ill-placed, and ill-managed attempt, to found a Communist Colony in Paraguay. The value of the article is the conclusive proof it gives of the ignorance and poverty in reasoning of these Tory opponents of a gospel which they do not understand. A writer who uses as identical terms the words Socialism and Communism, wlio says that under Socialism the idle man would be paid as ivell as the industrious man, and the fool honoured as much as f lic sage, knows nothing of the A,ll.C. of Socialism, nor of the economic truths on which it is based. The casuist who, to make a point., talks in one place of " the half-savage settlements in the mosquito-tormented forests of Paraguay," and "a little furfclicr on to suit his next shriek says that " the settlers werfc placed on fertile soil beneath genial skies," does not call for serious refutation. The Paraguay Settlement was doomed to failure from the first, but from causes which have nothing whatever to do with either Socialism or Communism. Editor " CHAMPION,"—Your open letter to HARPER contains further evidence of the complete lack of organized public sentiment of any kind in this province. Nobody seems to care what our public men do, and the result is that capable and self-resjiecting men hold aloof from |iolitics and public life. The whole thing is ehamclessly brazen and futile. The lack of comprehensive statesmanship is only equalled by the need of it, and the only thing more striking than the tofal absence of clean public morality is the good work which .the existence of vigorous sentiment in that direction could accomplish. The province never has been peculiar for sturdy enterprise. The Boom was not enterprise bul simply a mean, disgusting financial shamble:, with a profit-greedy public for itt oxen, and a lew "representative" men as slaughtermen. The existence of an honest, fearlessly outspoken paper such as youris really taking people's breath away. Everybody hit* lived in dread of offending everybody else, and the " Gospel of IfiiBh " has been supreme any lime these twelve years past.—" " NATIVE BOHN." Dear " CHAMPION,"—The thanks of the eommunifv are due to you for the scandals that you have brought to light and for the ventilation that von have given to many wrongs of many kinds. Now, there arc many institutions in town that systematically compel their clerks to work at night without extra pay some even without tea-money. I suggest that you ask your readers to furnish instances. Then when you have n list of sufficient length, have a more made to render is illegal to compel clerks to work at. less than a rate of. say, time and a half. If uight-work could be made more expensive than day-work none would lie done un- less absolutely necessary.— XiiiiiT WORK. New Zealand has such laws in force, anil there i„ no good argument against thcni. But this paper lives in vain if it docs not persuade people that legislation n- head of public opinion is likely to be futile. In our belief, that public opinion is here and only wants direction and inspiration to achievc great tilings. If any clerical worker, who is unfairly treated iu these respects, will pluck up confidence enough to communicate with the ICditor, he will undertake to make the offenders ashamed of their peculiarly mean form of filching from the pittance of the poor. The clerk, " the intellectual proletarian," has as much to gain from the intelligent application of socialist principles to our laws and our commercial usages, as any one else, for to the burden of poverty is in his case added the curse of " keeping up appearances.' 1 From a letter in the Age, signed " One of the it appears that, 22 out of 24 grocers ill North Melbourne desire to have a half- holiday on Wednesday, " whieli the Council have power to grant," and through the influence of one councillor, " who is a grocer, and one of the two who refused to sign the petition," the mutter has been shelved. If one of the 22 will forward the name of that one grocer-councillor the CHAMPION will have much pleasure in publishing it. for general information. Caveat Emptor— that is to say " cheating allowed " is a rule of the game in the Kiiglish commercial system. Thence come adulteration, over-reaching bargain*, false marks, deficient measures, misleading advertisements, and all the spooky misrepresentations that hover iu the borderland of fraud in the commercial world. Sweep raveat emptor away, annul this swindler's puternostrum, and compel the man who knows most, about an article (the seller) to be resjionsible for its genuineness to the man who knows least about it. (the buyer). On rent venditor was feasible in tiie Roman market*, why should it not be in the Melbourne shop Democratic members should look to this when the Sale uf Goods Bill eomes before them. An ex-Mayoress who acquired " tone " while her husband was iii office, seems to think whom she is pleased to honour now honoured indeed. A spirited youun bride in due course returned her call. The ex-Mayore.-- remarked in her best refrigerating accents :—" I think you have made a mistake." The bride, somewhat taken aback, recovered sufliciently to reply, still standing, " You certainly left cards, though, of course, you may not have intended them for ine. Under which circumstances," etc., and indignantly withdrew. The lady of the houBe came after her, saying:—" I believe you were right after all. 1 think you nitisl be, because I remember calling on three brides the same day." The bride, however, continued on her wav, and now (lie ex- Mayoress is wondering why her invitation to her next garden party was declined with such unequivocal directness. "DOMINIE" writes of the jwsition of secondary teachers " Our kindly Government has sent out into a hungry world some scores of well-pensioned professionals, who have at once commenced the scramble for the email crumbs of the scanty feast. In Brighton a man with a pention of Jt500 u year has been fighting the battle against the miscrablcs linfuvoured of Government for years, and now another gentleman has entered the list witli a reserve behind him of £400 per minimi. It is too much tliat I should be taxed to subsidize iny own competitor*." Mrs. MOVLAN, who murdered her little boy at Black Flat, has been committed for trial oil 17th l-'cbruarv. Tlie newspapers state that the case will probably never be called on, as the woman, who has been declared insane, will !>c committed to the Yarra Bend Asylum as* soon as she is fit to be removed from the gaol hospital. Wo do not know the authority for this, but if correct, it indicates a remarkable departure from recognized methods of dealing with presumed murderers. The CHAMPION'S humanitarianism has never led it to suggest that such eriuics should be utterly ignored and the perpetrators handed over to uiedical treatment without even the form of a trial. Dr. SHIELDS may be perfectly correct in his diagnosis, but neither expert nor Executive can deal with a prisoner in this oflliand fashion. That is the sort of order we might expect the Sultan of Turkey to issue. A crime has been committed, aud a thorough legal investigation before judge and jury is necessary to decide the fate of the accused, alike iu her own interest and that of society. Volumes remain unwrittcu on " The Lunacy Act as it is not administered." For instance, Sec. 8 of the Acts directs that " every constable who shall have knowledge that any person nundcring at large is deemed to be a lunatic shall (not limy) immediately apprehend such a person, and take him before a justice." Yet private departmental instructions have been issued to the force not to moke any arrests for lunacy, but to charge the supposed maniac w ith vagrancy or insulting behaviour, or any vague seini-criminal charge. 'J'liie actually takes place every day. We have u mere departmental bye-law overruling the statute law, the expressed will of the people. Jliis infringement of the law involves yet another. Under Sec. H, magistrates have no power to commit to gaol lunatics, arrestod for lunacy only, and as yet guiltless of any crime, tlioy arc to be sent to a hospital for medical treatment. The luw, more merciful than its administrators, regards the lunatic as one needing to he guarded against himself, and in sore need of skilled attention. Hut we have seen that nobody ever is arrested for lunacy. By the terms of the charge sheet the man or woman of unsound mind is dubbed a criminal, and sent to gaol for the crime of being sick—and also poor, for these incidents don't occur in the guarded lives of the rich. Last week "GOIIIVA " called attention to an advertisement of a " Quiet comfortable home ofl'ered to young lady willing assist all duties in small family ; one useful with needles, musical, 15s per month. Fidelity, l'.O., Horsham." One of the applicants has sent us the details of Fidelity's answer. It is written on a gorgeous gilt-edged card, aud runs as follows :— Dear Miss . In aniswer to yonr letter, wo live in town of Horsham. Have 4 children; eldest is 7. Two go daily to school. Wish for young lady who would take an interest in and be treated as one of the family. One who would be able to teaeh little girls first lessons on the piano. I would pay half the fare, and if well satisfied £1 nor month. Wc live quietly.—Yours truly, A. LAUH. Address, Mr. C. E. LAUII, "The Exchange," Wilson-street, Horsham. 'J'liie paper has no comment to offer, and proceeds to quote from Saturday's Age :— GIRL, useful, wanted; 2s. week, sleep home, 188 Liardet-st., Port Melb. According to the Melbourne Directory, 1896, just published, the occupier of tho house with the above address IB one Airmen TYBKEI.L. l'he CHAMPION knows many persons tliink the poor owe gratitude to those who will employ them on any terms, and so suggests Mr. ABTHUR TYBHELT, as a proper object for their admiration. What a lot of employment he could give with one sovereign ! Dear CHAMPION,—The apologetic letter of "ANTJ- SWKATEH'S " in your issue of 23th, in answer to your request for name of church wanting an organist with testimonials (honorary), covcrs more ground than 1 feel called on to walk over. What I would like to know is : Why any organist is called on to give his services to an Impoverished church with a large orgnn debt- contracted by a wealthy class of people ? Why not a layman (honorary) ? us liiiuister for a year, and save his salary for the debt. This would possibly lie £200. The organist's salary is about £40. Surely the debt on the organ can't be more than £24<). In the application of a text as given, would the minister not join with the organ-builder and the organist and apply the principle all round ?—Yoiirc, ete., ANTI-SWKATKH, No! 2. Dear " CHAMPION,"'—It givcB me pleasure to enclose a half-dozen books for the Leongatha Ijabour Colony Library. Should these prove acceptable to the toilers, I would muk'e one to respond to any subsequent call for literature.—Yours, AEIIOLITI:. [Received ami forwarded. -Hi).] Dear CHAMPION^—The letter to HARPKH only touches lightly on one of the main grievances of depositors against thaL gciitlcmuu iind his pals on the board. The directorate steadily and of set purpose vetoes the expressed desire of the Preferential Shareholders for direct representation. The disclosures that the cables bring day by day about other banks only tend to increase the anxiety of the gagged preferential shareholders. Would disclosures follow HAUPUH'S acquiescencc in their wishes ? - " Hr.su." Ml'ui'HY, M.P., who made the savage assault on the Age the other night, holds perhaps the safest scat iu Victoria. Hungarce (or Wurrenheip, as they call it) is solid R.C., and votes solid. Once upon a time, iu DAN Biioi'iiv's day. Dungaree was an annex to Ballarat F,ast, which returned two members. Hallarat East proper then favoured two Wcsleyans, JAMES RUSSELL and JOHN .IAMHJ, who ran together. The war-cry at Dungaree was, " l'lump for HHOIMIV and tip over l!i'ssi;j,),'s cubs." As easy done as said. The canvusscrs for RI'I-SELL and JAMES generally had to leave their convcyauecB and make, for refuge across country. Another light, gentlemanly avocation has been otlicially banned in X.S.W., aud there will be corresponding increase of applicants for Mind- shifting billets under the encouraging auspices of RKIII. Steainsbipowners lately discovered that they were being injured somewhat by the counter operations of unauthorised passenger-ticket vendors. Then the railway authorities awoke, and prosecuted, having a nice little bve-law ready-made for the purpose. So the private vendor of railway return tickets no longer flourishes. It is sinful to argue against the ingathering of State revenue, but there is something iu this question which places Government on much the same footing as a bushpublican, brigand, or an exorbitant cabman. Why doesn't some humorous snip, for instance, label his sixteen-and-sixpenny pants " not transferable," and prosecute the first customer who rc-sells them to ail old clo' dealer. The principle iB identical. Stipendiary JOHNSON'S decision in the Sydney cruelty case against cabman DAHWIN is only in accord with the dominant instincts of Botany Day justice. Father DAHWIN leg-chained his refractory offspring. Dutany Day originally moved iu chains, lie laid round the child with a licit-buckle. Dotany Day is the headquarters of the cat, and the scrcaniB of butchered boys still mingle with the clank of chains. Had cabman J)AII\VIN gone a trifle further and slaughtered his child out-right, then Dotany Bay would have shrieked for vengeance; for the ghosts of its doud haunt the l^aw's administrators and demand increase of their goodly company. Next time the police desire to prevent eruolty they hail better wait until the victim is adequately martyred, and then produce his body as a guarantee of good faith. Every day of the year Melbourne Banks receivo a painful reminder of the panic of '93 in the almost invariable demand made by customers for gold in place of the greasy note. Before the crash the languid. teller was in the habit of putting the enquiry—only as a formula—" llow will you take it ? " whilst he had begun to finger a parcel of notes. Now, he waits, if he docs not anticipate the client with a laconic " Gold ? " pointed by a confident note of interrogation. The change in public taste for u " gold currency " is not distrust, but habit - so niOBt Bank tellers will tell you. The memory of the public is, indeed, delightfully short. A lady advertising for a home near the city got a reply from Albert Park. " No boarding house style but just your own home. Terms if yon would share a room with another ^business lady —plain waBbing, breakfaBt, <> o'clock dinner, bath, piuuu, etc., 7B. per week." Curiosity led to an examination which proved that the establishment was apparently run on the lines indicated, aud live persons supplying each their quota of 7s. seemed to find the wherewithal. How is it done 'i It is liot gcucrally kuown that the German colouists iu South Africa are there largely in consequence of England's own action. When the Crimean War was finished the Cajic Government made large grants to the members of tlie German Legion which fought in that campaign, and these have iu their turn introduced other settlers of the same nationality. Dear " CHAMI'ION,"—In your article on "Usurious Money Lenders" you remark that "Sir FIIEUEIIICK SAKGOOD'S attitude throughout the investigation is a source of marvel." To those in the know there is nothing of marvel or mystery about it. The large wholesale houses - and especially the soft-goods —swell their profits considerably by usurious rates of interest they charge lor renewal bills. A vaBt number of the retailers are completely under the thumb of the wholesale houses who finance their vicLims in a way that pays them often better than the sale of their mcrcliaudise. This probably explains Sir FUKDERICK'S plaintive plea that if legislation were directed against usury " he didn't know where the thing was to stop.— "ONE WIIO KNOWS." A passage of the last report of the matriculation examiner in physiology ; " The May examination of 1806 "ill be the last trial conducted on the present lines. . . . In future candidates will be required to possess . . . . an outline practical know ledge of the anatomy of the frog." Then follows a reference of the only sound method of instruction possible, " namely, by dissections or demonstrations." The " dissections and demonstrations " arc to be given by the teacher, but w hut about the " home lessons l'oor froggie ! 440 matriculation candidates for physiology probably mean tiOO or 700 persons studying physiology. They are mostly young, lietwecn fifteen und twenty, and have pro'uably numerous brothers, sisters, etc. Perhaps the University authorities, or failing them, the Humane Society, or the police may take steps to prevent the appalliug cruelties that will he (to a considerable ex-' tent, uselessly) indulged iu by the above horde. 