BIDDY McEEEN'S SMILE. Remember Biddy? Why, yes, I should rather think I do ! She was wit h ns when we were stationed in Liverpool, and had yon oomfortable house in Prince's Road, She wws one ef the nicest servants I had ever had. Besides being a good eook, the kept everything in apple-pie order, and got on so well with the other domestics. AH, ahe was a perfeot treasure I It was an III day for me when Biddy smiled. Yes, we took Biddy with ns when we were transferred from Cork, She never bothered about nights out or holidays. If she got ont once a week to early mass, from which she wis atwajs home in time to prepare oight o'clock breakfast, and onoe to ohapel on Sunday, she was content and happy. Jim had got his leave, and was going north for a big shoot at Bame'eze, and I had arranged to have painters In to do up the drawing-room during his absenoe, when Biddy asked if she oould have a week's holiday to go down to Cerk to visit her awn people, and attend her eldest brother's wedding at Carrigaline. " Sure, mem, if it was to be after putting ye about at all ifs not for going I would be, but seeln' the master Is to be away, and thlm painters oomln' messin' atoniid, so as ye can't have a bit o' dacent oompany to divert yonrsilf, thinks I ts meself, * Sure, Biddy, just ax the missus. If it Is not to her mind she can bnt refuse, for sure.' " I was only too pleased that things fitted In so wall, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore imagine my surprise, when, just that day week, Janet, our Ml prim Sootoh table-maid, opened the morning-room doer, and said— " Please, mem, here's Biddy 1" I was surprised to observe the ghost ef a smile horer around Janefs Dps, a most unusual ooontrence, as Janet was not given to mirth There, anre enough, stood Biddy, be' docked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black Velvet mantle, bonntifnlly bespangled with gee-gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold, with ribbons the oolonr of the rainbow and a perfeot garden of roses of divers hoes, while above them wiggled a bird of paradise. For a moment I gazed in astonishment j then I said— " Well, Biddy, yon are what the Scotch call * onco braw' f I hope that yen have enjoyed yourself. We did not expect yon before Friday, It was good of yon to oome baok as soon as yon oould!" " Flase, mem, I've not oome baok," uid Biddy, hanging her head en one aide, and looking very red and rather guilty, "Not oome baok I" I cried, laughing. "Why, Biddy, ifs a self-evident foot Oat yon have oome baok 1" " Yes, mem," says Biddy meekly; "bnt not to stop, if ye plase." "Why, whatever de yen mean, Biddy t' asked I, utterly at a loer. Biddy looked down at.the floor, then np at the celling, and then'down at the floor onoe more; twisted a voluminous white muslin pocket-handkerchief—muoh bestarohed—Into a round ball as if ahe were making dumplings, then blurted ont the attenuding information— " Sore, mem, I can't stop wid yen, far I have tuck a man 1" "Took a man I Biddy, de yon mean to tell me yon have gone and got mauled I' " Yes, if yon plaie, mem." And Biddy looked prepared te dieaolve into tears. «• Biddy," said I wrath fully, "I am disappointed In yon I Te go ted deceive me in this way] Why did yon'not honestly tell me yon were getting married ? I oenld have been looking ont for someone to fill your place." " Ob, mem! I never went for to deoave ye. No, plase hear me. Sore, I got married unbeknewn- like to meself." "Nonsense, Biddy I Yon should be ashamed of yourself," said I, angrily. " By all the blessed saints it's the truth I am after telling ye, mem! Sore, I never seed Terenoe O'Malley before I left this house last week, as sore as pigs is pigs 1" There was no doubting the girl. She was downright in earnest. "Come, then; sit down and explain matter?, Biddy." " Yes, mem, and thank je kindly." And Biddy mopped her eyes ahd the whole of her good-humoured oonntenanoe, and commenced— " Sure, then, I was just after taking me tloket for Cork, and some rough, ooaiae drover-hoys were squeezing me ont of their read—bad look to their ill-mannen I—when a well-pnt-on young man afore me, says he, ' Young woman, here ys are; slip in and be after gettin' yer tloket, and Til keep they cattle-boys off ye I' Sure, glad was I to do as he bid; and as I gathered np me change I looks over me shonlder. 'Thank ye kindly,' said I wid a smile. Sure, could I do less, I ax ye, mum I" " No—oh, no." '" Bore, then,' says he, at me baok, 'I like yonr smile,' aays he. "So I looks round, and J smiled agin I Ye be going to Cork!'add he. " * Fsrsure,'sayB I. «" So is meeelf,' says he. "'Indeed I* says I. "' Yes; then onto Carrigaline,' eays he. «'«Indeed?' sayiL To me sister's widdin*. She Is gettin' one Mat McKeen,* Never]'says I. "«For sure I' says he. «< Why, he Is me brudder,' aays 3. "' Never 1' says hes "'Yei/aiysl. "' Shake bands I' aays fac. "• With plaasnre/«qraX 'And sure, Is not that all abont tt,mem ? We was yesterday" 