? ' • • By Jessie: t'oi-jj iergill : It was the middle iof June, and the : London, tseasoii :was at its • heip-nt Amongst,,tlie most;bi;igbt.and fashion -'..:. . able,ofi-the,: London houses had been .(.-ufor'several-}'ears that of Sir Theodore v . and Ladjr'Trevor—-a house whicli tins particular season had. for . reasons to "-be'hereafter explained, not dealt out. ,---itsvhospiUli;ties with auite'-so lavishia nand as ot yore. • In fact," 'there. had > ..'.perjiaps..the, Trevors .anight-mof; come up at all—a riiuiour whiclvkad caused'. . mucli'disappoiutineui; to a.-good' ruany 'persons' as love jdancing. ; Humour had not been altogeilieft correct. . y T.hey did -.come',to: • "town; but 1 it was :.mit"ti!l later 'than . Usual 1 --^uit'e' th'c middlo of May-rr-and, ''"Ss'flli^ad}' .said,^their en restricted on ,a'ccouii('.v said;, the Trerprs. ,s.and their iweiids, and-Society-in gene- • ral, of Sir.' Theodore's ihe'ailth''.". $et' having,recovered shock M his:nervous:sysieiu^ and the. •loug';aija;da.ugej"ouS'• "i'l J« ess "'..-•iyli icli>": si-x- •c'lnoitttll s ago:h ad- f o 1 lo'w Sd'uybji'kdiu-Hig. ., and.most ' Jifp;'the.-mthoi's of, -.-which had never . .yet been .traced. . For Sir Theodore Trevor-.bad -it/hefortune or'SiiisfortuTie to be.-hot.,only an English but an Irish landlordone of the better kind—whose wellmanaged estates, liberal behaviour, , : 'aiid"careful attention to the needs of , their tenants form a groat stumbling block in the path of tho=e who would fain do away with landlordism, aristocracy. :md properly iu general ,as things inherently vicious. . It .,wa.s nearly noon on a brilliant , June moruing; breakfast had breu over for some time, and the li.usbu.ud and wife were waiting for their horses to be brought round, for their us;i;:.r ride in the Row. He was- a statelylooking, middle aged man, with a dark, rathei' severe face, and grizzled hair. She was many years his junior —a beautiful woman, justly renowned for her powers as a social leader, She enjoyed that society Jn which she shone, but the passion of her hc*:U' was her husband, and next to him their two lov; ly little daughters. They were looking over some letti-rs, and discussing them, as they waited for the horses. " Hero they are ! " said Lady Trevor, starting up as the door was opened, aud the butler came iu. " The horses ready, Farriuf<ton 1" she asked. " No, my lad}'," replied the man, coming forward, and hauding her a visiting card ; " it's a lady aud gent leman who wish to see Sir TheodoLtj. They say their business is very important—that they know you don't know them, but they beg most earnestly to see yon." Lady Trevor's face darkened, and a look of aJ.'.nned displeasure crossed it. Since the attempt on her husband's life she had suffered nervous terrors Without number, and every stranger who wished to see her or her husband was an object of suspicion to.her. ' As lie was a busy and; popular member di Parhament;, as well as .a man o wealth -and high position, it may. be imagined that Lady Trevor's fears: were just' now seldom suffered to slumber. ' "Oh, what is it? Who can they be, Theodore?" she cried with vexed impatience, going to him and showing biui the card. It was inscribed—:«Dr.'. ;aud Mrs: Dobbs,; Piercy Lodge, Bostonlea." Now, Bostonlea ivas a large: aiid' imporUnt town ill the Midlands.! " What cuii thoy want ? Dr. aiid Mrs.,'Dobbs—who wants, to see Dr. apd'iMl's. Dobbs ?: ..Perfect strangers ! f -at\tliis ; hour! It is inost'intrusive-and; impertinent. I should send word that y bu.' are engaged bey ond.'all possibility of seeing them." " Bat, as it happens, I am not. I can very well spare them a few minutes. Where are they, Farringfcon?" '.;• " Tn the little drawing-room,, sir. Both the gentleman and lady look very armless.';' s'aid'3?arringt.op; reassnrihgly, " and so fluttered and nervous, I think they are quite afraid of you, sir, but they arc very urgent about it." " They had better: come m here," : said Sir Theodore;.' • '• ; : : : " Then.": said. Ins wife with. heroic resolution, " I remain with you. So do not ask me to go." . ;•'.':.-•• •' My dear. I don't," said her hus- band, smiling.; • ';• " A-ndyl<!arrmgtou,";she added, turning towards.hrmjf' do you waifcin-the anteri'oom before :.the , little ; drawingroom, and if I ring, fly hero without • losing amoment. Do you understand?" " Yes, my lady." In a very few minutes JTairmgron ushered 111 .Dr. and Mrs. Dobbs, and, having done .this,: .lie closed the door . behind him* and departed, perhaps .. to the ante-room, perhaps- not quite; so ; fu :: In spite of all her nervous terrors, > Lady Trevor could not feel afraid : when she beheld Dr and Mrs. Dobbs Honesty , and .innocence , .were: writteni ir everyone, ofitheirfigures and coun- - tenances—" country cousin " m every -;shred of their iclothings- Theircoloui': •washigliwithnervousnessaiidBoleraii ... excitement ;; they were evidently verymneh more -af^aid of, the fashionable' lady and gentleman than the latter ' - needhe ofithem v. , They .were assuredlyno —ou 1J H- i-sassihb—neither agi tators IS ih Lists social democrats, nor apything but a very old fashioned., shy, and nervously excited country doctoi and his wife So • much must have been'patent to the Cleanest com prehension * j r Sir Theodore rose, and courteously a,dvance,d to meet his visitors "Lady Tievor remained a, little to one side, „ awaiting the development of events ' You cashed to -see me ? said Su Theodore " Pray be seated, and let me tknow an what way IT .can seive y<on 1 i * i' Most kind—very handsome in* I'yfeed ' said Dr Dobfes a JlttJe^stoni ^ ^an^wath anlionest, j iar fronzishand - u pome eounienance, 'and hei •fumbledf jf ilL/a-tiBaBEj with the jhat - " We -are'complete strangers to_ you^' t anc['°onr vasit ; -nnmtrodticed and unap jJomted rbiglit well -giav^ejn- |6n ^sidgrefi^an intrusion 3 jiiut afdSdanot even tooweyoMtE^drgss; went on spasmo djgaily^tilljm 5 * i ^ ^ with the visitors. \- She bowed and j.smile'd^mdstjraew came :- :tated Mrs. Dobbs, whoseliusband now pioLceded 5: " My ivift, Ijkes in The Qucqti, th Jjn.dies\iNewspaper': •"La'dy-^Trevorptgssed a, s.mile^'.andisbe read in-the. news oi the Uppei Ten Thousand thai, Sii Theodore and Lady Tievoi had arrived iii towh'fi'-om '.Bally.whishton.: and had at o.nco gone to the i- resideuce—here you know: It gave the addt^ssv":'-?^- ; .?• V; vA:'v}.' ! . " Oi a note to the House of Commons would always have found; me-;"-', said Sir Theodore, m his pleasant, deep voice. " But, in any case, you have found lhe in, and--—" • " !Yes, .1 merely, wished to explam !' said Dr. Dobbs; " and now 1 will proceed to' iny business. 1 think you wilFagree^witl.ivihe.t he 1 a'mere coipcidehce,' : it :ii/one:.bf ' tlie strangest that ever" took : place- The: matter about winch 1 called, ! con tinued J3r. Dobbs, 1 growing -ever more solemn • iii 'his;'excitement,"" j'elaies, Sir Tlieodore, to the dastardlyattempt upon 30111 hie, oi which we all lead with-sueh pain and horror, ^about six - '' montlrt )go." Ah ! ': : exclaimed . Tiady -Trevor sharp! Vi "• .n.weyouanythmtj.to tell lis iliout that 1 A• A.iS®" I have.soihiithing to tell you," said Dr. Dobbs ; : "sonieihiiig which I have :inly learned within the iast feu- davs, and':which .will not let'me rest, day or night,-, till I have told it to. yon. It is for you to -judge whether yon' will liake any use of-.my 'information. I Avish' to ea;se my -inind of its present load of/responsibility, aiid then to wash my hands of the whole matter." Well said; 1 Peter,"saidMrs. Dobbs, nodding with portentous solemnity. At tliis moinent the door was birrst open, and the whole company started, 0 excited were they, • one half from the,telling, the other half from the tening to: the tale. A child of about eight rushed into, the room, crying: Papa and mamma,, the boms : tire there !Be quick, arid iefc us-, sec you. start before Mademoiselle takes us ut." "Ah!" ejaculated Mrs. Debbs, with apparent ii-reie-ance, "the same little girl—0110 oi' them ah any rate." ... Close u ;pou the child's . heels'followed the butler, with the official anhomicement that the horses 'were waiting. ' " They must go back," said his master, " I think we shall hardly ride this movuing' ? " he added, looking at his wife. "Certainly not. Send the horses back, Farriiigton; we -are engaged. Eun aiway, Evelyn," she added to the little girl; "your father and I are busy, and' shall-iiot go out this morn- ing." The child pouted a little, but obeyed, looking at Mrs. Dobbs with a smile as she Trent out. " I believe;' sir, it was never discovered, who your assailants were on tliit dreadful ' occasion," contiuued Dr. Dobbs, when they|"were again: alone. ' "" "'No," said : Sir. TlieodoreA " They got clear .away," Pd'haps partly because I did not pursue the .matter very keenty, or " 'v .. . . : . . .: . " No, you never '.'would • pay any at- * tention to me," said his wife, reproacbfully. " Tboy ouglii toiiavebcen tracked out find brought to justice, in the interests of humanity, as well as oh account of ihat:pa.rticiilai' crime." She was agitated. She always became agitated in speaking of that dreadful event. Her husband made no reply to her except a look, but he turned again to Dr. Dobbs, and said, half jestingly : " They got pfi,-as I say. Have you come: to put nie on their track ?" • That-.I don't know. You will decide. As I said, I have come to tell my tale; To begin. Your children a short time: ago had a governess called -Somers, I thmk-—Norah Somers ?" . " They had," replied Sir Theodore. Lady-Trevor looked startled, and asked quickly : " What about her, pray P" " We made her acquamtancej my wife and I, about nine months ago, in the autumn, when she : was m charge of your little daughters at Ashton-on- Sea" " She was there with the : children then—yes" " My wife, who has one of the kindest hearts 111 the world," said Dr. Dobbs, with an affectionate, glance at his consort, " took a great fancy both to the little gjrls and to Miss Somers. We have no.childrenj though we are very fond of them, and we like yonn children and their society.." •. •AAh ; " said Lady Trevor, lookihg compassionately. at Mrs. Dobbs, while the doctor proceeded " Aud she invited JGss Somers to come and pay us a visit the, next time she had a holiday. I must say to speak truly, that I iwas not as much taken with the young lady as my wife was We even had one or two disputes about it; but I'did not uhmk, that a visit from her could do us much harm^and " | " What did you dislike in her ? " asked Sir Theodore. "It is rather .- difficult to s^y- : " thought a 1 good deal of her sweetness, was put on, that she was really thinking of other -things than her duties,', andthat:som.etimes- ghe'got'iiTi-ta.ted.' m trying to reconcile the two 1 don't 1 think-rIir had-' • but! she was preoccupied, and once I heard her speak very sharply to one of the little girls, and threaten 'hei with a' punishment if she %as not le=s troublfe ' fiome ' -> '•"Yea, yes! ' interposed Lady,' Trevor, -with a heightened eolorn But what made me really sus -picious about her was that one ought whenIlia,ppenedtobe out walking quite late op the promenade—it was eleven; <? clock qc aftei 3 I was smoking my pipe, and enjoying tue mild -sea bre^fe' Inalinost ran into two'^gures^-wlio] svy«re pacing about, aim^n arm, mnst confidential conveisatibni ?®hfy| iod^night jtS^us^ic^a^^^gurl ago because she saidWe^sSsoftiredi that .. _ . ^ c Ihe mitir pnusLd JTis nub 0 ffie'fou] t.— s> -J Jt^g WJ oeeol3 -1 i-or of him, and told us that she had often heard him: speak with hatred of Sir Theodore Trevor, amongst others, this did seem to me a very strange thing," continued Dr. Dobbs. "I ran e •up against them,: as I say, and 1 was 're-- so-surprised -that I did, what was per haps indiscreet.I., exclaimed, .'Miss. Somers,!' She made no answer, but turned . her: face, away: Wilbraham said, rather roughly, ' You are mistaken. Be good enough to mind your own -business, ; will, you'? T Alter that I said no more. I went back to the hotel. : But I was not mistaken-." "Well?" " Well, Miss Somers and her pupils left a little time - before we > did, but not before my wife lmd renewed her invitation, and Miss Somers had accepted it and promised to come as soon , as.; ,she possibly , could.. : Sure enough quite late in the autumn, not very long before Christmas, she wrote to , my wife; . reminding her of what: she called their friendship, told her that she had left the Trevors, as they h ad treated lior in a disgraceful way —in the way which only rich people could treat poor ones,:. whom they knew. to. be unable to .retaliate." v. . Abominable.• , girl!". exclaimed Lady Trevor^ indignantly ' My dear," observed her husband, ^-we-know that "t^ srirl and it was well we got rid of her. She was dismissed by Lady Trevor for exactly that which you once surprised her in," he added turning to Dr. Dobbs, " because it was found that sheihad been .neglecting and- intimidating the children. We were .very much shocked about it, for we had had excellent, testimonials with; her-from her last situation. At the same time, I observed her often, and -much more closely than -she/ supposed 1 did, and I agree with Dr. Dobbs I am qmte sure she was under some outside bad influence—that- something was -preymg-on her mmd.; sometimes I. thought she was ; being led (partiyi against her will. I know nothing of tli at. But "she neglected my daugh -, ters, and behaved . harshly to them,: and of course was dismissed at once " " Yes," Dr. Dobbs nodded. " Of course, she did not tell us that. She said she had been working hard for ten years, ever since she :was sixteen, and.that now she meant to take - a i r-st and a holiday. She thought she had earned them. She did not intend at once to seek a new situation. She reminded my wife of her invitation, as she felt that they; were true friendsj and she knew . sheshould eel better and hap pier for be-- mg with her. . My wife was delighted," continued Dr. Dobbs, with •a smile. " I am afraid I was very unlrind. I did not want Miss Somers m my house. J did not believe one : word of her blarney, and I .went so far as to say ' Bosh! " . .. Mrs. Dobbs sighed deeply, shaking' her head mournfully from side to side:: The Trevors were half amused, half touched at the little by-play which; went on between their visitors, who; reWdently-?elt' •^his';t'o' I iie^, : gr^tVeyent: in their lives. There was a moment's; pause. Then -Dr.. Dobbs went on .-—• " You may suppose that that . 'Bosh!' didn't help me much. It .wasn't likely thatati.should. I got a :proper/ scolding for ,my-,suspiciousness,i and iUncharitablencss—:didn't I,. my: dear ? ;•:•: And of coiu'se, by return of post. Miss Somers was told to come when she liked, and stay for as long as she liked. I made the best of it. There was nothing .else for it. I even went.to the station to meet her, one miserable, raw afternoon, at rthe end of ITovember—an afternoon which I shall never forget. It was dark and cold, and a horrid sleet was blown about by a north-east wind. Vile it was," the doctor continued, with, energy. " The tram—the Irish mail —was late,: and ,1 -waited an d lacked' my heels till I was sick of the whole; thins;. - .1. wanted-. to rgo -to my: cluh. j At last the train appeared.m the dis- j tance, and at the sight of it a group' of young fellows who had been waiting nearly as long as I had set up a kind of cheer and became very noisy' and excited. I asked a porter whom : I knew who and what they .-were. lie' told me they were from the Socialist' •Union, and that they had come to | meet a certain; Wilbraham who was to: lecture', on . different subjects of thati kind. I whistled to myself, not because of the,Socialism and the lectures, of course, but because of the coincidence." : His auditors murmured assent.;' •. ; The train was a long one, "but, as it happened, when it stopped I was exactly opposite: the carnage from winch Miss Somers got out, or,! rather, from. which she was:-.handed! out," said ,Dr: JDobbs-, with slow s ;im- i pressive emphasi s v "by. - Wilbraham, • .who rtook;oJf,:lnsihat,. wished her good : afternoon, and joined his friends ' Almost theAst mords^shefsaiditoiinei werehowodiousit.h ad-been-toiherto: have to travel with that mail all the way from Holyhead: the most disagi'eeablertcOTiicidence-that'had-everJ happened "to her I said very little about it sui prjsed "though-jljwaa :put her into: a cab Hand drove to'my?' house with her 3 wheie she leceived' the Kindest of welcomes fiom my' wife, as you may bo suie Then I went away and walked to my club,, and' as 1; -.went/I' saw'' the! :wa]is; covered with posteis to the eiSect tbit Wilbraham was to "lecture 031 diffeient subiects—capital and labor, tiades unionism, social demoei-acy, and many othei things All the way' 1 asJLed myself 'Is it a mere ac 1 ' cident oris theie something Jielnnd; all this P How much is she under "his influence ? I felt uneom/oitaljle,' I must Srty but I was unwilling to make my -wife u lliapjn b> telling hex^hatl'Jiad an ldea-ihat^her .guest -v^sjatf-ad^ntttress, and 'by speakmgj of-suspicions to yhieh I couli haidly^ m ^ivaaynkme "Ml I could do^asVo •resolve to^atch Miss Somers,"and( if; 1 t^SSy^S I mean; suflpicious —<[ "wis jdftei mined peak to''hri of it and no%1o Sv-! /e' B11 tlnnTR Jl^we'ttt/on^L „ moothly v-t£oi |-some^time jSteT'she that they get more good from mj treatment thanfromthatofotherniedical men-^quite ; unfoundedj:quite ; but gratifying. Miss Somers often told me that she would, have liked to be a doctor; she liked nursing, and she •liked attending to; 5ffoundBj ,and everything connected with surgery had an interest for 'her; When I looked at her in surprise, she. laughed hoi little, gentle laugh, and said, " Yes, and I have nerve enough .for it, ,Dr. Dobbs, though I look so dehcate. ? I am considering now whether I will not rather become a hospital nurse than a governess again." ; •:•-.---•-. " Things went on in this way .quite, pleasantly :, ,until, ;.after Christmas^ which she spent with us. She was" : rather sad at the time, and said she was almost alone m the world. . She had no one to go to but her brother, and of him she: did not speak much. - I gathered that he was a - bit " of a, ne'er-do-well, or perhaps & good deal) of one. She said it was so delightful to be m a house like ours—a house where every influence was soothing andgood. Itallsoundedvery-:welli and I'm sure, thereiwas . some'trnth-in it How much she was playing the hypocrite^—how far she iWas -niaking: -fools oi>us—11 cannot -decide,::; v, pretty Avell of.^ach. I.am^sure;" J^ut. of^oge; tbmg I am- certain^-tliat " J 6hcw%aa not. happy. Only, one .thing,;Koccta-re*di during, all this time to rouge my suspicionsj. and that was ..that; one evening I was coming home from my club, and, passing a lamp-post quite close to my own ,front door, 1 met :Wilbraham, and was more ..astonished than I can-tell you to see linn. His lectures had not succeeded; at all, and I was under the impression that he had left the town long ago. He stared at me as we passed each other, and as ho stared I thought to myself, " Where have I seen someone uncommonly like you ?" It quite bothered me, this likeness to which I could not • give a name. But it: was not meeting him that , roused -my suspicions^ it was : that, running quickly . up,the steps and into our porch, 1 fonnd the door being just opened to admit.Miss; Somers, who looked at me with very startled -eyes, and then, m a moment,' I saw where the likeness was. It was she whom Wilbraham resembled or else she resembled him—anyhow, that was tho likeness. I. heard, her almost m a dream as she said that she had been- out alone for a - constitutional after tea,: my wife having a headache, and wishing to keep quiet, whereas Miss Somers had felt the need of a breath of fresh air before dinner. .1 said- jokingly, ".And haw; you been with your friend Wilbraham'?. \- I met him just at the gate." " Wilbraham she repeated^'- im- - possible 1 Did he not go away long ago ?" " It was either lie or his ghost," said I. " I don't believe 111 ghosts," she replied, and ran, up stairs.:; said -no more, about it. I fancy Wilbraham did go away soon after that. I was persuaded that our visitor knew him, and was in some way. mixed up with him, but I was not much; surprised that she did not care: to have it known, for he was far from a desirable character. " The next thing that, happeneo was^nst ;befoEe::,the,Kew®Yea'x;;:f{~J^s:,.- ©obbsL-always, has : an ; Atf-Homef ?oii: New Year's. Eve. It is the only • thing in the . shape of a large party - that -we -givej because we are ndt rich. On this occasion it was moru important to her than usual, as she was; counting upon introducing Miss Somers to a good -many of our friends whom she had not yet met. : Everything was arranged. The invitations had been accepted, when, the day before the party - was to come off* Miss Sorners, after reading a letter winch .was on her plate at breakfast, said,,. m. great apparent distress, " Mrs. Dobbs, this is - most unfortunate:; I shall have to leave you to-day..": My noor wife ,was T aghast. The (hsappomtment was very severe, and she could hardly - speak, but 1 at last.: she. said, " To-day—do you really mean to-day ?" " Yes, to day," said Miss Somers, looking again at her .letter.' I wish I could explain. It. is busi-i nessr^rwretched, lsnfortunate business' ^—connected with my brother. I have told yon my brother is not all -he ought -to be." Tears stood in her eyes. My: -wife .• said; 'of course, in? that case, and all that sort of thing, you. know. But she - was dreadfully disappointed. And; to cut i.t short, 1 it:',was: settled; in-this-.^vay,-thatn-MiSisi Somers, who said...she. on.ly .had to:go as iar.as Chester, -should..set:off ;tliat very morning ..aad r: i l etnrn': tlie .-next' day -in time for the "at home." This settled matters beautifully. She said she would not mind :tbe.: fatigue ;a bitj,;; and w.oufld., rath er-.do.. anything thab - miss the pai'tyand' .disappoint my wife So she -went away by the Irish ruail. whach' of course ^tops at- GhesteronitsiwaytoHolyhead~-and, ! : true .to'her -promise r,'she turned 'Tip again the next day, also by the Irish mail—the one from Holyhead—the very one she had arrived, by when shehad:;coaeito-- visitus.i;sShetol&.us that her errand had 1101 'been a" pleas- '^^n^^anaW ^Mt^^h'feJ^at^ very much worn out, even- sfSjl^T'SSpleasantjbusinesfi-v.Sherfwasjpale.and had dark lings round 1 her ,eyes, ahd said she had not,~slept at all 1 well tlie njglit Jiefore, which I could see for myself. 'Neyeisthe'less^he dressed aiid ; did something toe her face^ -which' made her "look less tiied (Lady Tie vol smiled), ]piaedrthp company, aiid made herself Veiy. agreeable all round 1 ;; The evening ^as a very sfieeessful. one Of coiirse Miss SomeTs -was; "very taed £>he -went iOjbed. the mH stant onr visitors liad gone, and did: not come dow^i to ^breakfast the next morning She was going away^tb^l esses wei ^ F i ^ t k 5 ^ Theodme" Is it possible for anyone to {rot a \- of it ?" 1 Before Lei bifband could reply, f.atly Trevor, w«i a very pale face, bj.d risen,,.and w th a small key which Liing-tpf hei-- vrate,-.v ehain^unlocked a- drawer in a seotc^uie, pushed back some slilo-. splines, and took something >u.t Ii she brought to Di Dohlv Hei e^tli weie set, her hps had gon 0 wh ite- . she v whispered: -r-athBr thau spoke, '.' Have you seeri'it 7 befoie ?" Tne Doctoi rook the knife in hip hand,: amidst. .1: p:-ofoiiiidi.silence; examined it all over, .toucheditbe-edge,: • looked at the l;ack :of it,., and . at lastj" returning-it "to Lady Trevor;, said; iti ; a voice as low as her own.: " Madam, J lia\ e." . - She,smiled slightly, put it back in its keeping-place, - and sat down again, - very . near, the Doctor, Facing him, and foting-lnni with/her eyes; , ;Mv wife told Miss Somers of this, dreadful . occiHTencej ^.and , she: -was naturally .horrified ; t hat: did not sur- :prise us/, for she had- beer, m your,.aer-, vice; and; though she: said -she. had' quarrelled - with y.o.u, it, was none the less dread/til to he,u o f ^ui'-I: a thins; ln connection .witli people,.wliom she hadknowuGOwell. Shewasdi'essniK her hail when my vife In'd bet nid Mr's t -Dobbp—saiui-Aslie snddenlv sit dp,w»; • -Tery. pale,, oxciaiining 'Oh, Mrs:- "Dobbs;. what a frii(1it [u : i;sfcory l This quite unnerves me. My wife fully understood. tin s, . sy 111 p:i tn 1 se with her and petted her. and bci?ged. her to give up the idea of leaving us that day, to -take at any rate another, night's rest, before beginning to travel again. She would not hear of-,anything- of the kind, said, slie, was.: expected in London, vind must ',vb« slntcly go there. She promised to v/i-ite, but said slie wouhl .give us 110 advln-ss,. as she was not ' sin e w henv she would be:.staying 'iff,.-^^Lbndoh.; Shc,-liift'. :,us: that morning. . ITor some time she did not. write: as. she had, proimi--ed, : but after more than- three-months my wife had a letter from her, dated from Liverpool, in which she smd:my wife was not to "judge her harshly for not having written before ; that: she had wished to do' so ni-iiiv a time, but had,not had the-courage; That she ; was a very unhappy girl, her circnmstances were-miserable, not -so much 011 account of povei'ti" as :: because of other things which: she could not explain. She wished llrs. Dobbs to know that she had always appreciated her kindness: and would never forget it. It would recur to hcr iuiud -many a time when she was. far away ; she was now on the eve of starting for America with 'her unhappy brother,' whom she "could not make up her. .mind to forsake, 'httle t.hongh she.ap-: proved", of' his conducty.m any way. She gave no address. That was the •last we, heard of. her directly.. It .was a day or two later that L read 111 newspaper that, Mr. H. Somers Wilbraham, lecturer, agitator, etcetera, :,not finding his views ap^i-Rtaatecl in: England, had embarked for America, where he intended to reside for; the, •future, and: devote his time to the propagation of his- peon liar religious, political;' and,, social doctrines.. He was accompanied; by Iuk sister.. • The- ; instant I read'it I thought, ' Noiuh Somers--H5—Somers; Wilbraham '— •aiid the likeness between tlieix fl;isherl' liito my Mind .and. was-.-. explamed -mW, moment. I felt, we had b.een duped, and that we had- had to. do with, an adventuress—whether one who pursued her calling because.: she, liked it or because she was forced into it, wo could not say. I tried to tlnnk as, little as possible-about it; : and indeed, we were not much inclined to talk about it. Last week, however, something happened which brought..up the whole tllir.g again, which would not -let me rest till I told you this story,, and which: made me ask yon, Lady Trevor, to see that amputation knife." ; " An d that, was——?" asked Lady Ti evor Just this. I was ready one morning to set out into - the. country for .as day's angling, and was m my study collecting a few, things I /wanted, wh en • one of my servants came 1 n wi th a note, saying, a boy had. brought it and was w,dtmg for an. inswer It was from Dr.,: Perkins, a .colleague and friend of mine, and this is what 1 e said " The Doctor took a sheet , of paper from his pocket-book, and read : . .1, "Dear Dobbs,—I wnte fiPir the huspital m haste. Will you send me down your amputation knives ? A case is just in which must be attended (o at once, and l lent nime last week to that dnffei Jones, who is out of rowii, and has; not.-returned them.-^ Yours ever, Feed " "Ofcoursel-was.-gladtoiobbgeniy fuend Perkins. L went straight to ,(he table on which, along with other things, lay the case with my amputa tion knives. It had been theie evei fince.Ihad given . up active- practicei 1 opened it, as a matter of form, jas) to see that they were in order, even put my hand to take one up, and beheld—an empty case The knives were gone, as utterly as if they had -nevec been theie" J » •'wiping?-hiS'i'Brow Lcitement and fatigue jsf lus^unprecedentedly long di'seourse. Hi^ heaaers 'drew a long,--deep sigh, and looked Hntently at him, but spoke not. Presently he'resumed— / < 1 «^+«„=f ail l T t.lt Mink J as- •omshnient at seeing the empty Jiol i lows "where tlie knives used to jre'st Then of com se^i I began to) wonde^ who could "have J talceu-,them I di,d ; not u pect our'ow 11 sei v»nt It was: ^^MlikcVtKalFgirJ? "w ho 1 had? beep! "'with us'f or years hbth of ^whom ^audj '^eir-r/familira^we^knejr thoiou%h y, SihTuld^veVdSne Cuch an %i«lless) ^pieceSitmischief J Then who wkI j ( ^ulprifP^When had FJast fseen^tlic finives ^--iVemcinTjeierl^ t>T. m J ^Wii " The^fastitime"!" hid fee^h? she .wasx.under his influence, aiid iu eommumeation ,with him;--rrhecher she' was his sister, his cousin, liis sweethearty,or his wife; ,. .It is a very queer affair jal together.,, Ttie only thing -fot me.fci do waB- to eome and teU youi l have done so. and no w my amnd is at * iest." " There was a pause. At last Sir Theodore saidj-'Wilbrahamwasnever accused of having a hand m the business." :, "Deat Theodore, no one was accused, because no.one was caught. No cluc was ever obtained as to who perpetrated that outrage. But you know that 1 do wn in yoar-"heart.you 'are-aware -that Wilbrahamhatedyou.-ThisiBaclue —a very strong clue—which Dr. Dobbs brings us." '.•'•Theevidenceisentirelycircumstantial;" said rhe; doctor; " In.' tactj one might, say inferential. Mnclr investigation would be needed before anythiu could be proved for or against;! • f Still; as' 'Lady Trevor says; it is a elue " -Again a silence^ --while everyone •looked ~\rit!L;,!avdiffereut'expres8ion ;i at Sir: Theodorei.ii. He: and he alone^could . decide: v- His;wife'stlook ^jcsoiight'hini itiipuj- suetliethingtotliebitterend: Mrs.Dobbs',, expression-was-|terriiied and uej- vous; rDespite -tins. dainnin^ | -itoi y, tlie-gir 1 35fon.li SorneTs had been, .and still,was,;-dear tohei'. - ;She;was fln; the verge; of,:hysterical'itears:- ivHer. hiisband:,tried: to maintain an expression ot impartial calm -and dignity;,' n hut succeeded only m glaring : fright-: full} at Sir Theodoie. it was many minutes ^before-the ar-: •bitor: of- the case spoke. At last, lifting; his; eyes f torn tlie ground; he looked at' the company one, and all, and said, giavely, gently, and slowly , " As Di'. Dobbs says; the evidence at, the best is ^circumstantial,- whatever: conclusions we may in, our own minds draw from it. As ray wife says, it is: a clue-^—undoubtedly it is a clue :; andj I say it is:aclue which I shall not follow. Let it drop. 1 am afraid of nothing but a bad conscience, and I am thankful to say that mine does not. trouble: me 111 .respect of , either" Wil- : braham or of this-unhappy, fgirl, who, : . I quite agree with Dr. Dobbs. was cloaely bound up witli him -in som» way. If .she, under pressure:.from: some outside >source, took your ampu-; tation kiuves aud loumeyed to Dub!ui; with them to deliver them to; someone; who was to use them: against my life,;' all I can say,-is; God help her ! She -was unhappy .'when she - was with us. [ She litis:evidently: been very unhappy; since. Possibly-she, is very unhappy ,110w. If she-is in Wilbraham'shands at all. either .as sister,, wife; : or mistress, she is in bad and remorseless hands. If I could save her from him I would. Most assuredly I shall not pursue. her to her punishment. So far as I am concerned, let her go her own way .with.what peace: she may A I think. Dr. Dobbs, you with agree with me that this is a matter which need never be alluded to beyond our four solves, unless some most unex-; pected circumstance should : render it necessary for. one ot us to speak." . . " Fully, fully do I agree with you,' exclaimed the Doctor^ growing purple; with excitement, as he seized Sir Theodoi.'e's.hand/and wrung.rit.i "rHtrn J"* hoped joii4 L would decide nthuslyetltelticouldnot'blame.you had-: you- decided-: otherwise.; Why, what in God's name must you be crying and going 011 m that way for ? What a gooi,e you are 1 " l p oi- Mrs. D obbs had indeed quite: given way, and was sobbing aloud be-; hind her handkerchief. i Lady Trevor alone did not express^ any exuberant delight in the decisionj arrived at; but she looked at her hus-: band wiih a certain glow on her cheek, a certain „ spark, of. exultant! pride in her: eyes, which : said- more! than.volumes .of words; She was- notj the woinan.to speak out her thoughts; ••before strangers. , But she,, rose slowJ ••ljjr',' and going to the wntmg-table,.' once .again, took : out the knife, :and; brmging it to Dr. Dobbs, said gravely,] " You had: better take it away- 'After; what :my:'husband says,: I have: no: moie use for it" * * # # * Thus was one. of iDrs- Dohbs', ampuA tation knives restored; to ."him,, How: and -wheii lie heard,-of thei-second .onej| and by what? meansw.it: came into. ,his; possession, it is .not:the; obiect" of, this, narrative^-to: relate; •J-Weeily ^ispaic-hn 