THR PRIMACY OF THE ROMAN PONTIFF, fcECtXjRE BY AUCHBISHOP CA.RR. ?In St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, last Sunday aiight his Grace the Most ReV. Dr. Carr, Archbishop ?of Melbourne, delivered the first of a series of. three lectures, entitled 'The Primacy of the Roman Pontiff.' The lectures are itoteteAed as a rejoinder ti a lecture by Dr. Stacey Oliapman (subsequently issued in pamphlet form)* in which objection was taken to the contentions of Dr. Carr in a previous discourse. Archbishop Carr, in introducing his subject, said icnaxne am not regard controversy as suited to the ?spirit of the season of Lent, but it had been forced upon them. He then proceeded j— What I under take to establish is the Catholic doctrine regarding the primacy of the Roman Pontiffs Before proceed ing to proofs it will be useful to devote this lecture tu exposition, and to such prefatory matter as will serve to clear the ground and allow a fall view of the subject to be obtained. In dealing with the primacy of the Roman Pontiff it should not be necessary, at the outset, to explain what every well informed student of ecclesiastical history is supposed to know, namely, that primacy is of two kinds — primacy of honour and primacy of jurisdiction. Primacy of honour implies precedence in rank and dignity, hut confers no real authority or jurisdiction over others. Such a one is said to be primus into' pare?, first amongst his equals. Primacy of juris diction, on the other hand, is a prerogative which ?Confers not only precedence in point of place and dignity, but also authority over others. This, it is needless to say, is the primacy, or, as it is sometimes called, supremacy, which Catholics claim for the Roman Pontiff. The authority which is involved in his primacy is an authority to teach, to rule, and to correct. The limits of that authority are as ?wide as the Church of Christ upon earth. The doctrine of _ the Catholic Church is clearly formulated in the decrees and canons of the Vatican Council. Catholics then maintain — (1.) That St. Peter was invested by Christ with supreme authority over His Church. (2.) That St. Peter finally fixed his See in Rome. (3.) That the Roro.an Pontiffs are the successors of St. Peter in the See of Rome. I know that some Protestant 'writers deny, or doubt, that St. Peter was ever in Rome ; others assert that though he visited Rome, and preached there, he never was Bishop of the See \- ' of Rome, and others again that even though St. , Peter held the primatial office, and was Bishop of .. Home, still he had no successors in the primacy, in asmuch as his primacy was temporary, and ceased with the admission of the Gentiles to the Church. I am, at present merely stating, not proving, Catho ? lie 'doctrine, but in regard to the first of these asser tions I may remark that it is a dangerous and dis creditable thing to deny, for controversial purposes, what involves the denial of the earliest and m ost important facts in the history of the Christian Church. ' That St. Peter worked in Rome is a fact,' says Dollinger, ' so abundantly proved and so deeply imbedded in the earliest Christian history that whoever treats it as a legend ought in consis tency to treat the whole of the earliest Church his tory as legendary, or, at least, quite uncertain.' In the whole range of Early Church history there are few facts better authenticated or more satisfactorily proved than St. Peter's visit to Rome, his founding the Church in that city, and his martyrdom there. After quoting Dr. Cave, the distinguished Pro testant writer Dr. Robertson, Professor of Eccle siastical History, King's College ; Bishop Ellicott, Dr. Lardner, Farrar, and other authorities, the Arch bishop said further, Protestant testimony in proof of St. Peter's residence in Rome would be wholly superfluous. If required, it may be abundantly found in the works of Hammond, Usher, Whitby, Blondell, Schaff, Scalliger, Le Clerc. We may thereiore, on exclusively Protestant testimony, put aside the assertion that St. Peter was never in Rome. After dealing with the assertion that St. Peter was not Bishop of Rome, and quoting strong autho rities, the Archbishop proceeded : — : To the third misstatement, namely that St. Peter had no successors in the primacy, we may oppose the testimony of eminent Protestant writers. Some of the most illustrious minds which Protestantism has produced have fully admitted the absolute need and actual existence of the Roman Pontiff. Gro ? this and Leibnitz, for example, were, as a great writer says, admittedly conspicuous among all their fellows for their great ability, their love and know ledge of theology, their blameless and honourable lives, and the philosophical character of their mind, and this is the testimony of Grotius, which, as it covers the Catholic position so fully, I make no apology for quoting at such considerable length. [Dr. Carr quoted at length from vol. 4- page 658.] And now I pass to the testimony of Leibnitz, of whom it is no exaggeration to say that for keen ness of intellect and vast and varied learn ing he has probably no equal amongst Pro testant writers. But over and above his vast learning, he brought to the consideration of the question of the Roman primacy a mind as free from pre-conceived opinions as earnest effort could effect. Like Grotius, Leibnitz argues from both fact and principle. Beginning with the sacrament of orders, he traces the various grades of the ecclesiastical hierarchy up to the office of the Supreme Ruler of the Church. Protestant historians tell us how the testimony of the first three centuries of the Church is in favour of the opinion that St. Peter was Bishop of Rome. No one ever charged -Milmau with Catholic ten dencies. Yet he tells us how in the purest ages of Christianity the beliofjwas universal that the Popes were successors of St. Peter. Neander testifies to the antiquity of the Papal claims, to a primacy of jurisdiction-— , M Very early, indeed, do we observe in the Rotnan bishops traces of the assumption that to them, as successors of St. Peter, belonged a paramount autho rity in ecclesiastioal disputes.'* His evidence is hot the less valuable though, like other Protestant controversialists of far less note, he writes of what he calls ' the assumption*' of the Eos\ian Bishops. We arc not to forget that he is dealing with those very ages in which, according to the generally- received Protestant teaching, the faith of the Church was pure and the sanctity of the Roman Pontiff conspicuous. Little as we may admire the methods of Rationalistic writers, we must at least regard their admissions in favour of the Roman primacy as the irresistible outcome of the facts of history. And back beyond the clos& of the second century* to the very dawn of Uninspired Christian history, we can trace the primacy of the Roman Pontiff. The nearer We get to the lifetime of the Apostles the ttiofce valuable and authentic does thfe teatiniony become. Hence it is that Protljstant writers have Used every effort arid resorted to every device to de preciate the Value of the early ecclesiastical records when they witness to the existence of the Roman primacy. Of these, the first in point of time is the letter of Pope St. Clement to the Corinthians. According to the most reliable authorities, it was written about the year a.d. 95 or 96. It was ad dressed to the Church in Corinth by the Church in Rome, and was intended to put an end to dissen sions which had given grievous scandal on all sides. It would seem that a few unruly members had driven out probably thsir Bishop and some of his priests) and the Church of Rome Came to the rescue. Though the authorship of the letter is not disputed, it is yet the constant effort of Protestant writers to transfer from St. Clement to the Eoman Church the claim which the letter clearly sets forth to authoritatively interfere in the affairs of a distant Church. It would be fatal to Protestant theories of primitive church government to allow that St. Clement, as Bishop of Rome, should assert his right to sit in judgment on the question whether the Bishop and some of the priests of the Church of Corinth should be deposed, and should actually pass judgment on this matter; that he should lay claim to submission and obedience on the ground that his words were the words of God, and were dictated by the Holy Ghost; that he should, after making a most solemn appeal to the three Divine persons, promise on the one hand Benediction on the part of God to those who were obedient, and threaten on the other hand with the Divine disjjleasure those who resisted his sentence ; that he should remind the Corinthians that it was better for them to be humble and approved in the sheepfold of Christ than to be in high repute, but cast out from His fold or forfeit the grace and promises of His Gospel ; that he should teach the absolute necessity of Apostolic Succession for a legitimate ministry, mentioning explicitly the threefold order of Bishops, priests (or presbyters), and deacons ; that he should, in fine, acquiescence of the Church of Corinth to his will, send his own legates in order to secure the We need only read the letter to see how thoroughly the Pope, St. Clement, or the Roman Church, exer cises the primacy of jurisdiction, and insists on the necessity of Apostolical Succession. [Dr. Carr quoted the paragraphs on the question from St. Clement's Letter.] He then went on : — Exception has been taken to the translation of the words priest and fold and to the argument based on the latter word. As to the use of the word priest, 1 consider this is a correct translation, as I believe in a Christian priesthood, and if one is to credit the Book of Common Prayer, Anglicans profess the same belief, at least so far as the terminology is concerned. A s far as the word in Pope Clement's letter goes, I believe it may be indicated by priest or presbyter alike, as in his time bishops as well as priests were included in the term presbyter. As to the argument from the word fold it loses nothing by substituting ' hope ' in its stead, as in both cases the disputants are threatened with the severest punishment, namely, exclusion from the ' Church,' or from the 'hope' and promise of Christ. In translation I followed Allnatt, and have since con sulted other works. The Archbishop quoted a number of Protestant writers on the authoritative character of Pope Clement's letter, and concluded ; — Thus viewing the letter in its parts and as a whole, and taking account of the circumstances in which it was written, when, as we have already heard from the Saint's own lips, he was constantly expecting the fate of his martyred predecessors, and wrote with the calm dignity that belonged to one conscious of his world- wide jurisdiction, I now with even greater emphasis ask the question which I asked in a for mer lecture, ' Is it possible to have a clearer evi dence of the Papal supremacy in the very first century of the Church's existence?' 