Major Vandefeur's Trust. BY JOHN STBANGE "WINTEB, CHAPTER I. Two men were smoking under the brilliant stars of an Afghan sky-the one, George Vandeleur, major of the White Lancers ; the other a mere boy, by name Geoffrey Main waring, a lately joined subaltern of the Cuirasseurs. Major Vandeleur was a man of little more than forty-a handsome man, but with a cloud of care over the eyes, which ought to have been full of life ? and energy. Young Maiawaring was scarcely more than a boy; long and lithe and strong, with a mere shadiog of dark brown on his upper lip, and still the gay laughter that he brought with him a few months bafore. He looked aside at his companion, as a sigh-an tmmistakeable sigh-fell upon hia ear. . " Major," he said, " you're down in ihe month to-night, sir. I. hope yon had no bad news by the mail to-day ?" The older man shook himself to gether. "No, not that, Mainwariog-qnite the contrary, in fact-for my home news was most cheering. Bat I feel somehow -well, I've got a sort of presentiment hanging aboat me, and I can't shake it off, try aB I will." "I don't thiok, major," said the lad, respectfully, " sitting out here is ;? likely to help yon to get rid of it-I don't, really." 11 Ho, perhaps not. Let us go in," said the major. Before either of them rose from their chairs, however, the major asked the snbaltern a question "Hare you any sisters, Mainwar iog?" '. No, sir; nor brothers," he replied. ..." Ah 1 And your father/ of coarse, is living ?" a tl No, major. My father died fifteen years ago, when I was qaite a little chap. My mother died when I was born." " Then you are qaite alone in the world?" That is pretty much aboul.it, sir," in a tone of one who did not find the position a particularly trying or hard one. "Ah, indeed I Yes, yes; but it's not so bad for a boy to be left as a girl." " I should Bay not," feelingly re marked Mr Mainwaring; '' but, for my part, sir, it's so long since I had any relations that I've get pretty well used io it.". - And your guardian ?" " Oh, my guardian's an old dnfEer!" the young man answered promptly. " It's no fault of his that I didn't go to the Jews and make daoka and drakes of my property years ago. As it was, how ever, I got along on a rery beggarly allowance, and put the time in till I be came of age, and also my own master." v "Oh, then, you are of age?" said the senior. "Yes. . I am nearly two-and-twenty, sir. Late in joining ? Well, that's so ; hut you see, major, I had to do the military grind, for my old fool of a guardian had what he called scruples . about my going to Sandhurst. Yes, it was a nuisance, bat it's Drettv much the same now." "I don't know why I Bhould tell, Mamwaring," he said, Oiling his pipe with slow.bat steady fingers, "but I hare an idea that I shall never get oat of this alive " "Indigestion, sir," said the young man promptly. He did not sailer in that way himself. " Never had it in my life,'* answered the major, with eqaal promptitude. "No, it's something quite different and the thought of my little girl at home clings to me like a ghost." " You* little girl, major ?" exclaimed the young man. " Why, I didn't even know you were married!" " Ho more I am-nt least, my wife died five years ago," Major Vandeleur answered, "and I'm like yon, Main waring, I haven't got a relation in the world; not one, except my little girl. Ah, poor little woman ; it goes to my heart to think what'll beconce of her if anything happens to me !" " Oh! but nothing will happen to you, sir; at least, it's very unlikely," cried the young man, with a great deal more oheerfulness than he felt. " And, you know, thinking about it is the yery worst thing possible, and the most likely to bring it about. Y ou oughtn't to do it. . major, really." " Mo, I know," smiling faintly; " so PU go indoors and see what the rest of them are after." He got np then, and went along the half mined verandah towards the large room which was the temporary mess room of his regiment, and young Main waring followed him in, going straight way in search of an " iced .peg," feeling more than sorry for the handsome fellow who seemed to have taken such a fancy to him since they had been thrown to gether in this dreary land, wherein all linropeans became as brothers in their feeling towards each other, and yet, though sorry, he was glad to get away . from his immediate vicinity. "By Jove!" his thoaghts ran, as he pat the glass down after draining its contents, ((bat I should feel dencedly Tincqmfortable if I had that sort of fore boding. And he has a child at home, jisor old chap!" Well, the following day there was a sortie from Cabal, and some of oar men wertf-filled and several officers dange rously tfoundedi among them Major Vandelear. And an hoar or two later, when the fighting ms over, young Mainwaring got back into camp, some body came to him and said " By-the-bye, are you Mr Mainwaring, gf the Cuirapsiers f' i( Yes," he replied. "Major Vaodeleur, of my regiment, h8B been brought in badly wounded-I believe mortally so-and he is asking for yon. Will yon go and Bee him ?" ' "To be snre. By Jove 1 Poor chap, he was expecting this!" he exclaimed. .' 'Pon my word, I am sorry I Go to him 1 By Jore! that I will 1 Where is he ?" " In his own quarters. I'll show yon," said the other, and in less than three minutes Geoffrey Mainwaring, all dirty, dusty, and battle-stained as he was, was shown into the room where George Vandeleur lay dying. Qe went up to the bed as softly as he could, but the Mojor heard his foot tsteps and opened his eyes, unmistakably ho eyea of a dying man. " Major, I'm so awfully eorry-" the younger man began. "Yes,'' said the other, faintly. " All (up with me now. I knew they'd get me. Wanted to see you." And there he stopped and closed his eyes, and Mainwaring looked round anxiously for the doctor, thinking that the poor fellow was on the very point, as be put it afterwards, of slipping hie cable. The major, howerer, opened his eyes again. " No, don't call anyone. I shall hold out a bit longer. I want to ask yoa something." uYes, sir, I am listening," young Mainwaring answered. " What is it, sir?' " My little girl," said the major, with a look of appealing angnish ; " she's all alone in the world, and I've-I've never made my will or anything." " Then make it at once, sir," said young Mainwaring, promptly. " Yes, I know. I've told Vickers." Vickers was the chaplain. "But a guardian- she must have a guardian and, Mainwaring, I want yoa to be her guardian. Will yon ?' " Of course I will, sir," said the young man, instantly. At that terrible moment he would have promise! anything which would have given or seemed to give the dyiBg man a moment's peace of mind. " Thete will be a few handreis a year -enough to bring her up properly," the major said more feebly. «. Then will yon-tell -Vickers ?" So Mainwaring went and fetched the chaplain, and the major told him that he was to put down the name of Geoffrey Mainwaring, of the Cuirassiers, as guardian and sole trustee of his child. Mary, then in the charge of Mrs Tem pleton, of No. 17 Sonth Kensington square. "She's at sohool there," he said faintly to Mainwaring. It was very soon done, for Mr Yickers had got the will ready, leaving only the name of the child's gnardian to be inserted. Then the major, who was rapidly sinking, scrawled his name in the place where the doctor indicated; the chaplain and tbe doctor both added their names as witnesses, and the dying man closed his eyes, feeling that after all it had not been too late. They had not a very long vigil, for before the dark fell George Vandelear had entered into rest and the light which knows no night, and Geoffrey Mainwaring went ont of the quiet room with a new burden of responsibility upon his shonlders. 