fOrr*rff!TT.1 TALES OF OUTLAWS. VIVID AND REALISTIC PICTURES the PAST. Wcctetl from the Diary and the Correspondence of an Obi Colonist. TUB GilIM CAPE OUT LAWS. UX SM'EA' PARTS.) I'ART 1L I'hillips carried a (listol, and with the .utnjitii of ik-sp-iir tfi'orts were made to i!L-t .n it, but without avail. A dark inist swam before his eyes and soon the ?iiriiK,tries of the strangled man became less. Not so the grip of Stuart, For the limn he was a maniac, and the one idea which possessed htm with such ttrribUs persistence was to kill the man whose throat he clutched. It was nearly ten minutes later when Hodgson, with one of the assigned ser vants and his daughter, came with lights to search the garden iti quest of Phillips, and only then did (he tall form of Stuart rise up from the ground and look about. The figure on the ground was motionless, and the black ened features, wide-open, staring eyes antl protruding tongue told but too surely the (ate which had overtaken Constable Phillips. "Stand there, you scoundrel, or I'll fire, ril put a bullet through your un worthy carcase if you attempt to run away T; cried Hodgson as be advanced to tbe«pot *nd thought the figure be sayrwaa that of Phillips. . The motionless man was silent, and a» tbe settler flashed tbe light on his lace he did not at first recognise him. The, dose-cut hair and shaven face Buttle k Very {great difference in the ap Barance orStusrt, but as soon as Amy * bis face »be knew who it was. Al most' «t the tome moment tbe dark fikote bntbfccround was noticed, and jitter kneeling beside it for a few seconds the settler toseahd said .?This is a bad job, Stuart. The fellow U dead, and I suppose you have done it This means death to you if jfaught, and I'm sorryyou let us see yotfhere; (Jet a*ky as quickly as you Wliliieii wknttorutn lis also." ' ^AhiTforgOt kboutthat 1" exclaimed Stuart, Waking as though from k leth argy, "Ofcourse, what a fool I am. What can I do to prevent harm now? He deserved drstfc, ys» know, and I'm not sorry my band dealt it opt, but I see now awkward it will be for .you, Mr.Hpdgson. m give myself up and tKat*Ulakveyou.w . "Von will not Why should you place yourself on tbe hangman's hands for * wretch like that? If you have any «ga«l f<* don't do what you f -i: It was Amy Hodgson who spoke, and her demeanour showed how firm she was in the resolve. Her eyes fairly blaced with determination *nd she cast ? fc ^titef^ttous j^hce'at tbe still form on the grass. j%ere was neither re gret nor compunction in her manner. "You must save yourself, and I will give you all the help possible. Perhaps yotl will be able to get away from the colony, and in tbe meantime can you not get » safe retreajt in the ranges. You know that&eat;*T|eHn"the Eliza beth1 and I will try and ''ItMpydu in-food," tbe girl Said, coming' 4s tmliide and whispering to him. Thkiovecf^ife was strong in tbe rbreatt iof .{he- yoUtig man, and be »jWidily kealisedtbatjt would not be wise to^tuftnder .without a struggle. . .ftp^ejir tjbp J»nges wpU.'but the jsoli ,; ;tu<ie ^he life which he must follow ' wumcns$^rejl i>y, him than human foes. EyefJ.at the moment he recol lected wtiutiAyers, Mid a desperate re-, >, abltre Entered his tnln'd. Theassighed siWantlhad been at'once sent bade to thi h6tase by ihe Bitl, and he could hfcr and her father to tbe' ut most," " t will take to the bush," he at length said, "but I must try andgetmyfriend at thestationto go with me.. If I put on tfoecibiahd jacket of this fellow/' looking oowh at the body of Phillips, 11 Lroay be able to carry out a plan I have formed to liberate Ayers, At any rat?, .it is worth trying, and even if I fail there jsriU not be much lost; Better the scaffold than a solitary life in the bush, afraid to go to sleep lest capture overtake one It will be best for you tn say that I killed this man, Hodgson. ,, it not,suspicion may point to you and the situation will be made worse. _ Yon can state that 1 escaped. It will be ', better fjpr all of us." The settler was: certainly in an awk w£rd pbsition. "He did .not clearly see What^Vas best to be done at the hwment. There was no doubt his own |>osiuon was not an enviable one. It , went against his grain to tell the authorities that Charles Stuart had murdered Phillips, and if he did not do so suspicion would point to himself. The body being found in his garden after the insult to his daughter, and the well-known fact that he (Hodgson) had denounced the constable a month pre viously would all tell against him. " It's a bad case," he said, in a help less sort of a way. " Why didn't you try and keep your hands o(T, or stop short before you went to the end/ '* Nothing but trouble and ruin will come : -of it, I'm sure. Vou must get away at once, and C suppose I'll have to go to the station and tell the authorities tbe story." "Give me two hours. Will you? j asked Stuart " Yes." : "That will be enough," the young fiian replied. " By that time I will be cither under lock and key or starting for the bush." Then in a lower voice Be spoke to the girl die purport of the] conversation being his visit to the station and also a request that she would prepare iiira-if he returned-a few articles of clothing, some food, tinder- box, and other usefui things for a bush life. It was some time before the father and daughter left him, but as soon as they did Stuart removed the uniform jacket and cap from the dead man and donned them. He also took the pistol and ammunition, and though the coat was rather small for him, it was not very noticeable at night The daring scheme which he proposed to put into execution was ol the most desperate nature. It might work, but the chances were terribly against it unless the offi cials at the station were neglectful. The young man meant to personate Constable Phillips, though he was not at all like the dead man. Stuart had a pretty fair knowledge of the station and its regulations, and he meant to turn it to account. At night few of the con stables were on duty as the warders had the felons under lock and key. A por tion of Phillips's duty was to go round the cells and dormitories about nine o'clock and see that everything was safe. As a rule he did the work alone, and the keys were given to him for the purpose by the chief warder. Without delay Stuart made away from Hodgson's farm to the station, which be reached in about an hour. Walking boldly to the outer office he ; asked the warder, in a voice not unlike 1 that of Phillips, for the keys as he wanted to take his usual round. They 1 were handed to him without a word, and then the young man directed his steps towards the prisoner'* barracks where, of course, the great danger would be. The first difficulty which confronted him was the locale of his friend, Ayers. Of course through the machinations of the dead constable, the convict after his punishment had been removed from the position of servant and placed in one of the gangs. That included his transference from the hut to the main barracks which were rather extensive. Luck was decidedly on the side of Stuart, A couple ol warders were in the long room, bat not a constable was to be seen. As the latter would, of course, know Phillips at a glance their Absence was almost providential, and, with more than usual Assurance, Stuart began operations. One after another the doors were opened, and his keen glance wandered around in scarch of Ayers. In the third dormitory the convict was found, and in a low tone Stuart told him to dress and follow him as the chief wanted to see him. Tbe first look which the convict gave was enough to satisfy him of the identity of his visitor, or rather to give him the impression that the constable was no other than Stuart. He considered that his former friend had joined the official ranks, and a sense of satisfaction filled him as he reflected that he would have at least one man at the station who would treat bim (airly. Leading the convict out the massive door was shut, bolted and locked and the trap thrown open. Walking boldly up the long room with Ayers following, the two warders were passed and the barracks left. The keys were left with the chief warder, and (hen the two men hpaded in the direction of the officer's quarters. When a sufficient distance had been traversed Stuart egtfoguished the light, and shid " I suppose you know me, Ayers ?" "Yes. What does this move mean ?" came the answer. . " That you are free to escape, if you care to. I've killed Phillips.and mean to take to the bush . Will you go with me?" The proposition was a rather startling one, and nmetf-nine men out of a hun dred would have refused acceding to the request. The life of a bushranger was scarcely a whit better than that of * cotivict, and often it was far worse. It usually led to the grave, and unless aeian ha4 potent reasons for making such a change he rarely took the step. There was no hesitation, however, about William Ayers. His mind was formed in a moment "Yes," be answered, chivalrously, *' ril go with you. I can't be worse off in the bush than here, and I'm glad you've put that scoundrel out of the way. You have saved me the job," Ayers fiercely concluded " Let us get down by the wharf and then cut across to the farm of Ijfodg son. I've made arrangements to get a swag there, and it is on our way to the Tier, . We 11 not be noticed along the ' river-side, and you must get a change as soon as possible." 1 In five minutes the two -men were dear of the station, and one of the simplest yet boldest Escapes ever planned and carried out on the island had been achieved. Of course it gave rise to an official scandal and " Ayers's Escape," as 'it was termed, was the means of completely altering certain of the regulations in the discipline of the prisons. Attired in the convict clothes as he was, care had to be taken by Ayers not to be seen, but the risk was a slight one as the two men speedily left the station behind and headed for Hodg son's farm. It was reached within the hour, and the settler was found on the point of taking his departure for the station. It would be fully two hours before he would return, and that was considered quite sufficient start for tht fugitives. The settler did not remain many moments with the two but set off on his hateful mission. Miss Hodgson had not been idle since her sweetheart left, though her heart misgave her that he would not re turn. He had briefly told her of his in tention, and the idea seemed hopeless to carry to success. Gloomy as the future was the girl could scarcely re press her joy as the tall figure of Stuart strode up to the homestead, and she was amazed to see that the convict, who was supposed to be under lock and key. was with him. A change or clothes was got in a few minutaa, ttd then the two swags which had been prepared were brought <m There was food enough to last nearly a nwnth with that which could easily be obtained in the bush. Two muskets and a plentiful supply of ammunition were handed to Stuart, and with the other articles quite a suitable kit <.vas gathered. t " I will see you this day fortnight at the ' Black Falls,' near the Tier, and bring you further supplies," the girl whispered to Stuart. " Be very careful, or they may follow you. You must be as cunning ai a fox," said the man. u I don't see how they can suspect me, but I will take care not to lead any one to you. Perhaps I may be a day or two later than 1 say, but you'll know there is good cause for the delay if it should occur. You must get away now, or danger may come," Amy said, and in a few moments the fugitives leaving the farm-house and cue west. The three assipnedservants «ert well disposed towards Stuart who wher working with them had shown every kindness that lay in his power, ir fact only one ot them was aware of th( whole particulars relating to the traced) of the night, and he was not disposed to be loquacious on the subject. He would rather far have assisted the young man to escape than have led the pursuers on his track. It was nearly eleven o'clock when Hoduson reached the station, and commandant was considerably asiuv ished at thestoty he had to tell. " Why, man," he said, " Phillips was on duty an houi or so since. How could he have been killed when you say ? There must be some mistake Here, Stevens, go and tell Sanders 1 want him." Sanders was the head-gaoler, and that official informed his chief thai Phillips had paid the usual visit of ex amination about half-past nine and re moved one of the prisoners. " Removed une of the prisoners, eh! Who gave him authority to dr that? Who did he remove?" askec the chief, suspiciously. No. 841, sir. 1 concluded he hac authority Irom you as he generally has, ar.d, of course, did not interfere as I had no right to do so," answered the head- gaoler. " You should have seen the order at all events. I don't quite make thir out. Hodgson here says Phillips wai killed to-night about eight o'clock, anr if so, it was his ghost you must have seen.'' " I didn't see him myself, sir. Wilk' and Jones saw him." " Send them to me at once. There is something wrong. Don't delay z minute !" exclaimed the commandant. In a very short time the two turnkeys were in the presence of their chief, and when they began to explain the per sonal appearance of the supposed " Phillips" the head of the civil de partment jumped to his feet, with a half suppressed oath, and started to pace up and down the office in noaimable frame of mind. "Who do you suspect of killing Constable Phillips?" be asked Hodgson j at last. " I am sorry to say I suspect no one, for I know who the murderer is. That misguided Stuart killed him. We caught him just after the constable was dead, but he got away before we quite knew all that had happened," answered the farmer, reluctantly. " Ah! That is pretty smart work. Why, he only got out of gaol this after noon. What was Constable Phillips doing at your place, Hodgson ?" asked the chief. " I don't know, sir. My daughter was coming through the garden about dusk when he intercepted her and be haved very badly. He wanted to force her into promising to become his wife, but she managed to get away from him and ran screaming to the house. Her cry must have attracted the attention of Stuart, for when we searched the place with lights to try and secure Phillips we found the constable dead and my late workman standing over the body. He did not deny his guilt, but made off as quickly as possible, and 1 knew it would be useless to attempt his capture myself," replied the settler. " Yes; he is a powerful ruffian and your lite would not be worth much if you came to close grips with him. He cannot' get far away, and we'll soon run him down. Bat who could have come here to-night under the guise of Phillips? Why, surely to goodness the scoundrel would not have had the cool daring and cheek to personate the con stable and liberate Ayere ? Yet, con fusion 1 it must be. Of course, 1 bcc it now. He was sailing in the same boat with the convict and wanted com pany in the bush. Well, it is the coolest thing I have ever heard of, and there will be a deuce of a row when the news gets to headquarters. What on earth were you fellows thinking about not to know whether or not it was Phillips you saw in the long room ? You know he has a beard and the man to- night had not," he added, turning to the turnkeys. " He mightf have shaved during the day, 6*ir, and we don't know the con stables very well. Indeed, we had no suspicion at all. He had the master keys, and that was proof enough for us, sir. Besides, he had on uniform," te p ied oi-.v J the men. .' Uniform, eh ! Where could he get in a' ?" queried the chief. " He might have returned to the body of Phillips and taken some of his clothes while I was petting ready to come here," suggested Hodgson. This was quite possible and probable the commandant saw, and as action was necessary a parly was at once fitted out and ordered to proceed to the settler's place This was under the command of Henry, and the partly stripped body of the constable was prool ihat the missing uniform had been used to iffeci the lirj-iatitm of convict 841, named in the register William Ayers. (TO BE CUMTIRUCa) 