The Bloed White Rose ? » L_ ' _ CHAPTER T. | 'Let me hare ? grood look, at yon, Philip. 1 To think that it should be three years sines wa met ! Three years, old boy, and you faoe multiplies it. At true as we stand hare v1 - Sheffield has put ten years nppn yon. A | t grey hair, by beareo ! And others, I have k | bo doubt, the thie»M ! lurking .behind ! Do 1 ( yon keep ? pair of tweeaers in your pocket ? . I Yob have aged, Philip, yon hare aged. Ah, '|j why cannot we be lor ever yoang !' I! 'It would pall upon as Maurice,' I said ;. . | ' eternal sameness would be eternal misery. ?% i hars aged, bare I ? I don't wonder. There '?' ; is a osnse for it.' ?Trouble, Philip V \ i ' Yes, bnt I hate sent it to the rightabout; Yon shall hear all in good time — not to-night; ' I it ii not of sufficient importanoe. ' I lookei f j 1 at him more aloiely. ' Neither have you i1 j grown younger, Maurice.' \- i j 'No ? Then it is rsally time I got married. I j We used to joke about it rarely, did we not ? ; : ! ' There's no joke about it now, Philip. It is a ?j ' stern reality.' \ ' An agreeable reality you mean.' 'Of course. How many timei did ws to w to live for ever in*a atate of single blessed ness I ' I swear,' said you. ' I swear,' said I. ' Let us drink to it ; no heeltraps !' Ah, well, never prophecy unless you know. A , sound maxim that. But, „ Philip did I mis ! read your letter? I understood you were I coming up to-morrow night.' ? 1 ? So I was, but certain business which I 1 - had in hand got itself completed earlier than than I expected, and tbe ohanoe of an extra day's holiday was not to be ?. thrown away. So here I am, Manrise. Tbe last daya of your bachelor life shall be passed in the company of a friend who loves you.' t 5 ' Faithtnl old boy !' he said, pressing my hsnd. 'Bnt what on earth,' I said, looking ? around,' is the meaning of all this litter V, Everything in the room had been turned tops y-tnrvy. Drawers and desks were open, arid , their contents scattered on the floor j pioTares, pipes, cards, portraits hundreds of . ? ', letters, souvenirs of heaven knows what, lay ' ' in oonfnsion all around. It was summer time, but a fire was blazing in the grate. * * A tidy mess, eh, Philip t' ssid Maurice. 'Are you searching for a lost treasure?' I S asked. ' I'll help you, Maarioe. Qifemea ^ knife, and I will, rip open the ohairs and coaob. But in sober truth, what does it all mean V 'Tbe damb memorials you behold,' said , Maurioe, with a gravity partly humorous, partly pathetic, 'are skeletons, ghosts, dry bones that once ran riot. My oopboards, my ? drawers were full of them. If Beauty invaded theae chambers— as Beauty will before we are mnoh older — what awful - .discoveries might she not nuke to ' bring despair into her lovely faoe ? Though that might be the precise result, for Beauty has the reputation of being worldly. What a slander it is to give utterance to a thought so mean 1 Philip, I am digging a grave.' ' ; ; ' Nonsense, nonsense, Maurice.' ' ? ' Is it P Well, perhaps. But do yon really A ' nead enlightenment ? Does not the situation explain itself V He laughed sadly as be i gated at tbe ashes in the grate. ' I am '. turning over a new leaf, and upon the altar of the future I am offerinsr ud as a sacrifice. in tears and peoiisnoe, now with a smile of aoorn, now with a pang of regret, the records of the past. Would not a man be a fool to ^ y ? keep snob rubbish ? It is awful to think of ? what would ooour if these et cetera* fell into Beauty'a hands.' ; 'I understand now, I said.' Maurice paused before he spoke again. ' I was never one of your careful sort. There are men who shudder at the thought of keep ing a memento, and who, if they .'?' Sv*s. died in their bsds to-night, would , '-, ^-^ leave no incriminating evidence behind. ''Tnitjs the way to live a blameless, virtuous life— to be very,very careful that you are aot found sat.' . ' Come, come,' I said, ' you must not grow morose on the eve of a new and happy departure.' v, ' Not gow morose,' he ezolaimed, ' when I I ' look on these t I must be something more or hue then human, then. Kneel down, Philip / i —let us continue tbe sacrifice. See here, these / two paokets of letters, all written on roae oolorsd paper. There is a djing perfume in them even now. Into the fire they go. What a bleze 1 Almost as fierce as the flame in my heart during the days they were received ' ? and read. I uses1 to rush to the letter-box 1 ; when I expected one ; and when the tender colour and the perfume greeted me, I would read,, and] read, and apostrophise the walls, poetised and cxslted by a passion I believed waa tbe genuine artiole. Philip, old boy, can you tell me what is false and what ii trne in this world of ours P' ?,.. ' I can tell you one thing that is true, , Maurioe.' ? f ' Out with it.'v ' Friendship— suoh as ours.'. There was a strange expression on his face as he turned towards me and said, ' Alwaya to endure, Philip V « For ever, Maurice.' ' Ah,' be said, with a little tremor in his voice, ? during fair weather.' \- ? During atl weathers, Maurice.' ;-,. ' How. if I put tou to the trial V r- 'Do soP' c . , * ? It may be that I shall. But enough of that for. the present. Into the fire with these letters. Look at them. Love, that ~ was so glowing and fervid that worda could not express it, is shrivelling and dying; there, with a mooking glare ia its eyes. Do you hear it crackling ! I could interpret the de structive sound. Now it burns again — how bright it is for a moment 1— to sink for ever and for ever into the grave of oblivion. Be hold t it is burnt out : only aBb.es remain. ' The body has gone. Has it a soul ? A text for a homily. Stand on a chair, Philip, and pieaoh it to me, and I will throw money into ': \' your bat. But you must be hungry, old i}. -[- fellow. We j will have a bite' and a glass, ^ ,., and then we will go on with the work.' 