WITHIN HER GRASP. By MART H. TENXISON. Author of "Friend Perditus," "Love Will Find Out the Way," " Paid in Full," "The Mvstery of Hslmleigh," &c.; CHAPTER X X I L B On reaching home and letting myself in with my latch-key as usual, I wss a little surprised to see Morris come forward, and, an action enjoining silence, beckon me mysteriously into the dining-room. "Talk softly, Mr. Res," he said, in a whisper; " I don't want master to know I have bad any conversation with you." The old fellow's manner startled me. "Where is Sir Robert?" I asked anxiously; " is there anything wrong, Morris?" " Oh, no, Sir, 1 hope not; but master is a bit over-excited, and is lying down in hi3 room." "Why, wjhat^hashappened?" " Well, Sir, that's wnat master will tell you himself; I only called you in to give you a warning. Master has had some explanations this morninsr which have altogether altered his opinions on certain subjects. I am glad of it, for I nsver believed what he did; but what I wanted to say is this, Mr. Rex. Don't you ask master any questions; hear what he's get to say, and be satisfied with what he tells you. I know you are not inqaisitive, Sir"'—this was true, indeed, having each a horror pf -being questioned myself I never took the initiative this way— " but still when young folks are interested nothing is mere natural than for them to ask for an -explanation of what they don't understand, and this won't do with master. Isow j?o up to him at once." "Well,'' I muttered, as, much perplexed, I walked slowly upstairs; " it seems as if to-day were to be a day of revelations; but whatever it is, it is fortunate something has occurred to distract my uncle's attention from me." Sir Robert was lyraj* on his sofa, but his chfcek was flushed and his eyes shone with the old feverish light. " Ah, lad," ne said, stretching out his hand, which trembled visibly. " I thought you would never come. What time is it?" "Nearly 5, uncle; don't you feel well this afternoon?" At once I recognised the wisdom of Morris's warning. Even this innocent enquiry on my part fretted and irritated my uncle's overstrained nerves. " Why should you take it for granted that I am ill bimply because I ask the time?" he said peevishly. " I fancied it was later; but there is nothing wonderful in that." I did not answer; I never did when my uncle's constitutional infirmity affected him in this way; and by-and-by the an^ry contraction of his brows relaxed, and, with a sigh of regret for his own want of control, he continued— " I won't ask yon to forgive my ill-temper, boy; "I have tested your good- nature often enough to take it for granted now." " I have gamed a reputation for good-nature very easily, uncle, I am afraid," I answered with a smile; " if I am never tried more than you tiy me, I shall come off very well." Here I stopped, for I' saw he was not listening to me; be had closed his eyes, and the anxious pucker had reappeared in his forehead. Scarcely daring to move, filled with the keenest curiosity, I waited, nntil at last he fixed his glittering eyes on me again, and with nervous hesitation recommenced. " Rex, J have had a great surprise this morning." " Indeed, uncle," I responded; " a pleasant surprise, I hope." " Well, yes, " he went on with a hea^y sigh— "it is pleasant when we can reoeive a dear friend into our hearts again, even when doing so we are obliged to hnmble ourselves by admitting that we have been guilty of cruel injustice towards him." " Uncle," I said gently, " the wisest man on earth js mistaken 'sometimes. I am certain that your injustico has arisen from a mistake," Ho pressed my hand in his. "Thank you, dear lad," he murmured affectionately: "it was a mistake indeed. I cannot fell you much about it, Rex; the subject is too painful." "Don't tell me anything, uncle," I interrupted hastily; "why should you distress yourself?" Again, quite unwittingly, I had fallen into the error of administering my consolation in the form of an enquiry, and my uncle tossed his handsome head as does a sensitive wellbred horse when it perceives something obnoxious in its path, as he answered-r- " Why should I distress myself?" you I shouldn't, yon may depend, need- Then, quieting down again, he, continued— I received a letter this morning from a man I have injured terribly in my thoughts. You know, or no doubt you have surmised—that my married Jife was a most Unhappy one" I hent my head in acquiescence, but I thought it safer not to speak, and my uncle continued— " I fell into the fatal error of marrying a young woman when I was past sixty years of age. My wife was twenty-two, and I was forty years her senior. You see I must have been a fool to expect any diSereut result from •such an unequal match. For some years my wife kept up a semblance of affection for me, and then she left me. I shall enter into no details of that miserable affair; it would do neither you nor me any good to drag them forth. I will only tell you that a year before I communicated with you my wife died, and as a crowning act of deception she sent me a letter, written at her dictation while 6he lay upou her death-bed, instilling into my mind poisonous doubts of a young man I had always held ij» the warmest affection. Heaven forgive her! what she wrote sounded platksible, and I, believing her, shut mv door,? and my heart- against the offender, refusing to see or hear from him. This morning iny eyes have been opened. Under cover to Morris, this man, my godson, has written entirely exculpating himself, and proving his innocence of the gross charge which had only just come to his knowledge." "Heaven be thanked for that!" I cried heartily. " What a relief it must be to you to be able to take him into favour aeain." "You are a warm-hearted, impulsive fellow, Hex." he said kindly. " A less unselfish lad would have been occupied in thinking how this alteration in my feelings might affect him." I raised my eyebrows in surprise, for the moment T did not follow him. And, speaking with more difficulty, Sir Robert went on— " I have told you all this merely as a prelude to what I feel bound to say to you. You must know, Rex, it was my original intention to make this godson of mine my heir." I could not repress a start, though I would have given ten years of my life to have been able to maintain an immovable face. My uncle noticed tbe movement, and a look of pain came into bis eyes' as he proceeded hastily— It was my intention, I say, but I promised him nothing." To be brief, what I wish you to understand is this. My godson's presence will not make any difference to the arrangement existing between me and your mother." This was absolutely the first time my mother's name had been spoken between us, and my heart thrilled as I heard it. "In the letter I wrote to her," he continued, shading, his eyes with his hand, " I made certain promises; these promises L, will fulfil to the utmost. Under any circumstances, therefore, my godson will be told clearly at once that he has absolutely nothing to expect from me as regards the future." " It is hard for him," I said. " I know it," Sir Robert cried excitedly; " but it cannot be helped. I have given my word, and I mean to abide by it." I was about to apeak again, but he raised his hand with an imperative action. "Say no more, dear lad, but leave me now. I shall not be down to dinner. My godson is coming this evening. I shall keep quiet till then. Remain at home. Rex, in case I want Vpou. God bless you, dear boy. I have had so much to think and talk about of my own that I have never asked you now you fared. Are you happy. Res?" Casting my eyes down with a flushed face I answered— " As happy as I can be, uncle, when I think how I am standing between you and this gentleman." " You must not let that make yoti unhappy. Res," Sir Robert said very earnestly. Jack will do wrfl in the world, I hope, without my money; but if he does not it is no fault of yours. Sew go, I have talked too much." Surely hours never passed so slowly as they did. that evening. The excitement of the day had rendered me nervous and restless, and the devouring curiosity I now felt to know more of the antecedents of tho man to whom I was about to be introduced tended to increase my agitation. My food wss sent away untast-ed, notwithstanding all Morris's efforts to tempt me, and bv 8 o'clock I was back in my ! own room, and almost immediately after-] wards a vigorous. knock at the front door j warned me that the dreaded stranger had • arrived. , am certain, and yet f feel the strangest horror of meeting- this man." j 1 opsned uiy dosr just a crack, and listened. In the distance J could heir a low convereation, anda curious trembling, for which I could j not aczonnt, seized upon me. Supporting myself by the door, I opened it yet a little ; wider, and as I did no the murmur suddenly died away, and I heard my uncle's door elesed gently. . For,half an hour I paced my room excitedly from end to end, but still thoy did not s^nd , for me. At last I felt I could bear it no ; longer, and I went in search of Morris, whom j I found wandering aimlessly about the hall, I his ordinarily calm, precise face flushed and j anao'j*. "Is my uncle's friend with him, Morris?" I asked. " Yes, Sir; he's been there for more than half an hour. I'm afraid that master will be overdoing it, and yet I daren't go without being sent for. But there, lor' bless my heart, Mr. Hex, you look as whits as a ghost. What's the matter with vou, Sir?"' " I don't know, Morris," I answered. " I don't feel well. I am not in good condition, I think, and the heat was terribly oppressive 'on the river to-dav." "Ah," he said, nodding his head symDathetically, " very likely it is that. I was afraid, perhaps, you might be feeling lonelv, and out in the ccld like; there's nothing makes a young cheek so white as a heart- ache. And," continued the old man, with natural tact, " if that had been.so I would have taken th9 liberty of saying; don't you fear, Mr. Rex • master is constant and true. Once he takes you into his heart you remain there, unless you turn yourself out by deceit or other wrongdoing." I nodded my head to show my appreciation of his kindness, but I dared not trust myself to speak nor to look him in the face. I knew that my voice would falter and that my eyes were full of tears. For the second time that day I had nearly broken down. "What will become of me." I thought, "if this weakness should increase?" Startled at the mere supposition, the hysterical inclination passed away for the time, and I managed to say calmly enongh— _ "If I had something to do I should feel better no doubt, Morris; but Sir Kobert wishes me to stay at home, and I am too restless to settle down to reading." " And very natural,* too, Sir. Rex ; reading is poor work after all; I don't hold with too much of it, but what do yon say to going into the music-room, a bit! We could light up there in a minute." I felt that it would be the very tiling of all others I should like at that moment; for in all moods I could find relief and consolation in music, but I answered hesitatingly— "They would hear me, Morris. I should be interrupting them." "No, youwouldn't, not the least in the world, Mr. Res," the old man answered promptly; " you can't hear a note from the music-roam where master is." I knew I could trust him, so I made no farther demur, and when they had lighted three or four of the lamps I dismissed the servants, aud, taking my guitar, commenced at once to pour out my troubles and grievous doubts and fears through the medium of my sa Idest and most plaintive melodies. As I lifted up my voice the heavy burden which lay upon me seemed to grow lighter, and at length a strange warmth began to creep into my heart. How long I sang I know not, but very soofl misty visions conjured up by the power of music came between me and tho realities by which I was surrounded. I was no longer playing, a oart; I was myself, Marjjery Howard, and round mo were grouped all those I had ever loved. Then a curious thing happened. I did it unconsciously at the time, but I am aware of what I did now. _ So thoroughly had the music taken possession of my soul that I closed my eyes, and chaunted my own thoughts in a weird mu&ical; rhythm. "Mother! Lucy! You are there! you are there! Stay with me a little longer; lay your cool hands upon my brow, and press your lips to mine. Oh, let me lean my head upon your breast, mother, for there alone shall I find peace and rest. I am starving for your love. John, John, why do you stand aloof? Have you no word for me, not one, and my heart is so sad and lonely?" But all at once my cEaunt ceased, and I sat motionless and breathless, gazing straight in front of me. I dared not lift my eyes, for an awful dread had seized upon me. The very air seemed full of home; had the spirit? I had invoked come to meia vary truth? Wiping the dews from my forehead, at last I forced myself to turn my head. Then with a stifled shriek I Sung my arms wildly in the air, and dropued fainting upon the floor. In the centre of the room, with both hands outstretched towards me, and his face quivering with emotion, stood John Murray! C H A P T E R XXTIL My swoon could not have lasted a minute. Almost immediately I became aware that my. head was supported on some one's knee, and that thiB person was trying to unfasten my stiff linen collar. With a desperate effort I sprang to my feet, and, still half-dazed, shrank away from John, crying piteouslv— " Don't touch me. Oh, John, if yoa have any mercy don't look at me! iefc me ereop away and hide myself. If I had thought that we should meet I would not have done it, I would have died sooner. John, have pity on me. You cannot hate me so inuch as I hate myself, but it was not for my owu profit I did it; it was for them. The temptation was too great for' me. Oh, forgive me, forgive me. If you take your love from me my heart will break." In an agony I flung myself on my knees before him and hid my face; for the time, in my overwhelming humiliation, I had forgotten everything; but in another instant I awakened to the full horror of what I had done. I had betrayed myself beyond all hope. One weak moment had shattered the edifice built up with so much pain and sorrow. " What will he say to me?" f thought with a shudder; "will he spurn me from him in his righteous indignation and disgust?" If be had done so I believe I should have died then and there; but instead, after a momentary pause, John laid his hand gently on my shoulder, and said, in tones which trembled with emotion— "Rex, dear friend, you are blaming yourself without cause. Far from thinking badlv of you, I admire and honour you, knowing you so well. You need not tell me that what you have done has been done for others. You have sacrificed home, and love, and everything that makes life worth having, and you fancy bccause you are the innocent <Sause of my disinheritance that I shall lay it at your door. Why, 1 should be unworthy of the happiness, which one day, please God, I shall compass, if I could harbour such a thought for an instant." Taking courage I lifted my eyes timidly to his, and then with a sigh and a sen3e of blank unreasoning disappointment, I rose to iny feet, and stood facing him. My worst fears were quieted. There was no suspicion of the truth in John's kindly frank eyes, but where was the lover-like warmth which used to shine from them and which filled me with a strange bewildering happiness? 1 "Gone, gone for ever!" I murmured inaudibly, as, motioning him to follow me, I led the way to one of the window-scats, "gone like my innocence—gone like all my hopes in this world!" Seeing that I was still terribly discomposed, John did his best to give me confidence by selecting topics of conversation which were not of too agitating a nature. He told ine of his astonishment when he found the nephew Sir Robert had adopted was his dear friend Rex. He had always known, he said, that my parents came, from the old country, but Howard not being au uncommon uatne, he had never associated us with the old bartnet; and then he reminded me of his reticence about his own past. "It seems almost as if fate had arranged that this should come about, Sex. does it not?" he said cheerily; "therefore, if ws blame any one we must blame fate. If I had told you the name of the man who I believed had cast me off so heartlessly the chances are with your delicate sense of honour you would have declined your uncle's offer.'" I tried to smile, but I could not do it; nor could I shake off for a moment the dreadful weight of Ehame under which I laboured. It seamed to rae as if a great crash had come, followed by a cruel glare of light, which laid bare before me all the black swots in my soul, and in this awful light I trembled with a sickening horror of myself. Before this, according to ray own" distorted views, I had simply been acting a deceitful part, and moreover, my deception had appeared to me quite pardonable. " " It is our rights that I am struggling for," I continually repeated to myself. " I cannot surely be blamed for taking this means oi savinpr my darling sisters life, and I injure no one, for the heir to the baronetcy is already very wealthy." But now for the first time I recognised plainly the fallacy of such '.arguments, and my conduct appeared to me perfectly inexcusable. Then, again, my disguise, which hitherto had not been a serious difficulty to me—I presume because my early bringing^ up and inclinations had been of such an entirely boyish order—these, new circumstances became utterly hf^eful to me. Under my lover's eyes my i xlings 03 this subject underwent a sudden and terrible change, and his unconscious glance seemed to scorch and burn me until I could have shrieked aleud in my misery. xfor was it alone my fraudulent scheme which tortured me; every time John called me by mv dead brother's name my heart was riven within me. • > with everything T held dnar, seemed to probe >e afresh the wound I had suffered when Rex died, unci , • my a irony becoming unendurable at lart I falterod— ' . ; "John, I know mv reception of you must seem very Ktra:;ge; but I have not besu well for a few days, and your joining has upset me altogether, in time I may reconcile myself to our position, but at present I am overwhelmed. Leave me to myself now; I feel ; utterly unnerved." "Rex!" lie cried, " I cannot go yet: don't ask me. I cannot go without hearing of her. I was waiting for you to recover yourself. Rex, how is my darling? How is Margery? tell rae everything." He spoke so tenderly, oh, so tenderly! Mv eves filled with tears, tears of t>ity for myself. " " ' "Poor wretetlT'I dried inwardly; "your heart is craving for love! 'Here is love, earnest, passionate love, and you must thrust it from you!" . "Tell me, Rex!"he imp 1 red; "what did she thiuk of me when I left her? Even now I can see her sweet startled eyes, and feel the clinging of her fingers. What does she say ot me? t«fi me." " I know nothing of Margery," I answered brokenly. "Do you not understand? It is part of my compact with Sir Robert that I should neither write uor receive letters from home." With an impulsive action he seized my cold hand and squeezed it hard. " I had forgotten." Then in warm sympathy he went on— " Xo wonder you find it difncult to speak of them. Sir Robert has been cruel in that; and what must it be to them, to your mother and Margery? My Margery worslups you. Rex. Sometimes I have been almost jealous of you." " Oh, merciful heaven?" I thought, turning away; " I cannot bear this;" he tears my heart witti every word." John sat quiet tor a minute, and /then he continued— "It must be terrible to those dear loving souls not to hear anything'of you. II only I dared write." With £ start of dismay I clutched his hand, but I could think ot nothing to say, and he went on— "But I can't, now, more than erver; I nrast adhere to my originai resolution." " What do you mean?" I faltered. " Don't you see, Rex," he said sadly, "-Margery's position and mina are very different now. If I thought it incumbent on me beforeto withdraw myself from her life until I saw the prospect of being able to ask her -to be tnv wife, how much more imperative is it now"? Margery will be a ricti woman in a few months, for 1 know what you will ,do vhen yen get the money, while I have still mj way to make. Surely if I hesitated to speak when she was poor, it would be dastardly of me to do so now." What I suffered when I compelled mysalf to appear to see reason in these remarks of his nobody can imagine. It would have ruined me entirely if ho had written, but even now the recollection of his involuntary sigh of disappointment when I suffered his argument to pass unchallenged lives in my mind with the most vivid distinctness " " Tho punishment for my crime in finding me out," I thought. " I am obliged to hoapo'ostaoles in the path of my own happiness. What must he think of me?" At length, to my unutterable relief, John rose to go. " We shall not meet again until we come to Beckworth, Rep;" he said. I looked at him enquiringly* • • "Sir Robert has asked me to join you there," lie' continued, "and when I have arranged some rather important business I shall follow you. I should have declined his invitation if it had not been for your being there. For I leave England in a few weeks." ft would be hard to say how this news affected me; to lose John now that I had found him again, even though I -was a comparative stringer to his heart, was agony to me, a->d yet I could not deny that his absence would be a relief, and I experienced a dreary sense of comfort in the toiowledge that my present time of purgatory would not be long drawn out. Somewhat strengthened by these reflections I was able to show a culm interest in John's affairs, and he informed me he had almost con eluded an engagement with a well-known firm of engineers, who had just patented a new invention, which it would be his work to try and push in various foreign countries. His extensive knowledge of languages had obtained him this appointment, which was very remunerative for the present and opened out good prospects for the future. "Altogether, Rex," he said cheerfully, " I am well contented, with my look-out; the work will be hard, and I shall have to rough it, but the life mil suit me; I have always had a taste for travel and adventure, and the spice of danger in it only makes it more attractive." "Danger!" I cried, starting. . "Well, yep," he replied with a laugh; " I don't mind admitting to you, l&ex;, that there is a distinct element of danger about my undertaking, though if I were speaking to your mother or my darling I should deny it emphatically. My work will lie principally in Spain and the southern parts of America, and as I hear there is a prejudice against this invention over there, and there's a possibility I may get my quietus from the fiery-tempered gentlemen of those parte. However, the danger IB fully taken into consideration in my salary, and I am bound under my circumstances to accept it. Without means, . you know, or very special talents, it is so awfollj difficult to make a start." I hung my head, and turned away with a shudder. Through my fault he was going to death, perhaps, and I would gladly have given my life for his. Seeing my distress he put his arms round my shoulder and said^affectionately— "Fora-ive me, dear old fellow, for speaking of my want of means to you. It slipped out in spite of me. Don't you trouble yourself for me. Rex; I feel cenfident of success in this affair, and if I do succeed there is a bright future before me. Before the three years are out I have good reason to espect this engineering firm will let me become a junior partner on very easy Jterms." "If, on the other hand," he continued gravely, " I am mistaken, and luck should turn acrainst me, then I consider that a sudden death would be a merciful ending, for unless I cam do so . honourably I will never ask your sister to marry me, and life without her would be unendurable." With no further delay he left ne, and thfen bidding Morris excuse me to my uncle, who I learnt had fallen asleep, tired _ out with pleasurable excitement, I went straight to my reom. The night was hot and oppressive, and scarcely a breath of air seemed stirring. Laying my weary head upon the pillow, I closed my eyes. " I will sleep, I will not think," I murmured. " I must forget lay troubles, or I shall go mad!" But it would not do. All nifrht long I tossed and turned,.my eyes burning m my head, and my lips cracked and parched with fever. " I am trainer to be ill," I panted. "Oh, heaven help me, what will become of me now?" Trembling from head to foot, I tottered from'my bed to a great chair which stood near the window, and then I flung myself down npon my knees, and burst into a hysterical paroxysm of tears. The great choking sobs seemed to tear me to pieces, but in some sense they brought me relief. 'Then I tried to pray, but in vain. When I would have lifted my heart in supplication, an awful mocking spirit seemed to stand by my side and taunt me. " Wharf; are you praying lor, Margery ?"it said, while loathing myself I crouched _oy the chair, and buried by burning chee s in my arms, "what are you praying for? Are you praying that the Almighty may assist you to pursue a ,course of vile unwomanly deception? Henceforward your life will be one continual torture to you. " The man you love and resnSct has been a witness to your degradation. Sow can you fa-ne your lover's eyes when he hears the truth? If you pray at all, rather pray for death." " >'0, no," I cried in an agouy, "not that. I will not die yet. I must go through with it to the end; I will not have sinned for nothing; mother and Lucy shall reap the benefit of uv wickedness, and then I care not what happens." Utterly worn out, I gradually sank m o a sitting posture by the side of the chair, and then I laid my aching head against its soft cushions. The dim, peaceful, morning light was already stealiug into the room, and a cool, refreshing breeze began to stir the leaves of the plants, " Violent fires soon burn out themselves." The tempest of my grief and shame was over for the time, and by-and-by mif heavy eyelids drooped, and with the twittering of birds in my ears, and the scent of tlie awaking flowers in my nostrils, I fell into a fitful, disturbed sleep, whicl: lasted until Morris's knock at the outer door a-rdteed me to consciousness. Stiff and unrefreshed I rose to ray feet. "Oh, that I had never wakod!" I moaned, and then walking to the looking-glass I regarded myself steadfastly. Where was my healthy colour, and v.-heresiy bright eyes? Wan and haggard I stared at my reflection; I seemed toTisrve aged ten years in one night. / "Poor creature!" I murmured: "poor, unhappy creature! You have dug the pit beneath your own feet; yoars is all the blame. Submit to your punishment; it is well deserved." 