Bowral Christian Convention. SIR, -rIt is not often one meets with such a display of ignorance of a given subjcct as appeared in your issue of Saturday last over the nom de plume of " A Resident," who takes exception to the testimony of the Rev. Allan Welili, who testifies to his having received a ." Blessing," separate and distinct from conversion, which he (A Resident) with an evident sneer terms "the Blessing." Here let me ask why does the writer hide himself behind a "nom de plume?" Evidently he is ashamed to own the Saviour he professes j to serve, and well he might be, seeing he j has made a-stab in the dark at the cause of. Christ. "A Resident" thinks Mr. I Webb is a mistaken man. Now Jet us compare Mr- Webb's testimony with the , teachings of the .Bible and wa shall see.that "A Resident" is really the mistaken man. In John xvii,.which is in itself a wonderful and comprehensive prayer uttered by the Lord Jesus Christ himself, iri which He prays for certain persons as are described in verse 6, viz., '- I have manifested Thy nams to the men which Thou gavest me out of the world," and in verse 15, "I pray not that thou shouldst take them out of the world but that thou shouldst keep them from the evil." Now, are not these men for whom He prays justified before Him. Undoubtedly they are, as they have been given Him by the Father. In verse 17 He prays " Sanctify them through the truth." Now let " A Resident" observe that those for whom the Saviour prays are already justified, and He (the Saviour) prays that they may be sanctified. When a soul is first converted he is justified be fore God inasmuch as his sins are for given, and when he is sanctified the very roots of sin are taken away. " The old man " .which is the carnal nature is ut terly destroyed, and the Holy Ghost is in full possession of the wilJ, and through the will He guides and controls the whole man, and thus saves him from both the' guilt and power of sin. Did not St. Paul pass through the experience he so graphi cally describes in Romans vii 14-25 after he was converted ? and was not that a "Blessing" separate from and greater than conversion. Did not John Wesley, the great founder of Methodism, teach and preach the same glorious experience ? and does not William Booth, of the Salvation Army, also preach and teach it ? And I gladly and gratefully testify that I have passed through both experiences and am Jiving in the. blessed and dailv enjoyment of the second, viz.', the'Blessing of a clean heart " A Resident" concludes his epistle by saying in the last sentence but one, "I know of no blessing greater than that of conversion," and I may add that an open confession is good for the soul. Thanking you in anticipation, I am, &c;, WM, GUTHRIE, 10/2/96, . ? - Marulan. . 