The Mystery of the Inn; Or, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMBER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. CHAPTER XIX— CONTINUED I, therefore, paused when I reached the last step above the platform, and listened intently before proceeding further. There was no noise; all was quiet, as a respect able house should be at two o'clock in the morning. Yet from the hall below came an undefinable, something which made me feel that she was there ; a breathing influence that woke every nervous sensi- bility within me, and made my heart beats so irregular that I tried to stop them, lest my own presence should be be- trayed. She was there, a creeping, bale- ful figure, blotting the moonshine with her tall shadow, as she passed, panther- like, to and fro before that closed door, or crouched against the wall in the same at- titude of listening which I myself as- sumed. Or so I pictured her as I clung to the balustrade above, asking myself how I could cross that strip of moonlight separating me from that vantage-point I longed to gain. For that I knew her to be there was not enough. I must see her, and learn if possible, what the attraction was which drew her to this fatal door. But how, how, how ? If she were watching, as secrecy ever watches, I could not take a step upon that platform without being discerned. Not even if a friendly cloud came to ob- scure the brightness of the moon, could I hope to project the dark figure into that belt of light without discovery. I must see what was to be seen from the step where I stood, and to do this I knew but one way. Taking up the end of my long cloak, I advanced it the merest trifle beyond the edge of the partition that separated me from the hall below. Then I listened again. No sound, no stir. I breathed deeply and thrust my arm still further, the long cloak hanging from it dark and impenetrable to the floor below. Then I waited. The moon light was not quite as bright as it had been; surely that was a cloud I saw careering over the face of the sky above me, and in another moment, if I could wait for it, the hall would be almost dark. I let my arm advance an inch or so further, and satisfied now that I had got the slit which answers for an arm- hole into a position that would afford me full opportunity of looking through the black wall I had thus improvised, I watched the cloud for the moment of comparative darkness which I had so confidently expected. It came, and with it a sound— the first I had heard. It was from far down the hill, and was, as near as I could judge, of a jingling nature, which for an instant I found it hard to understand. Then the quick suspicion came as to what it was, and, unable to restrain myself longer, I separated the slit I had spoken of with the fingers of my right hand and looked through. There she was, standing before the door of the oak parlor, fitting keys. I knew it at my first glimpse, both from her attitude and the slight noise which the keys made. Taken aback, for I had not expected this, I sank out of sight, cloak and all, asking myself what I should do. I finally decided to do no- thing, but would listen, and if the least intimation came to prove that she had succeeded in her endeavor, I would then spring down the steps that separated us and hold her back by the hair of her head. Meanwhile I congratulated myself that the lock of that room was a peculiar one, and that the only key I knew of that would unlock it was under the pillow of the bed I had just left. She worked several minutes; then the moon came out. Instantly all was still. I knew whither she had gone. Near the door she was tampering with is a short passage- way leading to another window. Into this she had slipped, and I could look out now with impunity, sure that she would not see me. But I remained immovable. There was another cloud rushing up from the south, and in another moment I was confident that I should hear again the slight clatter of the key against the lock. And I did, and not only once, but several times, which fact assured me that she had not only brought a handful of keys with her, but that these keys must have come from some more distant quarter than the town; that indeed she had come provided to the Happy-Go-Lucky for this nocturnal visit.. She did not succeed in her efforts. Had she brought burglars' tools I hardly think one would have been able to open that lock ; as it was, there was no hope for her, and presently she seemed to compre- hend this, for the slight sounds ceased, and, presently, I heard a step, and peer- ing recklessly from my corner, I per- ceived her gliding away towards the front stairs. I smiled, but it could not have been in a way she would have enjoyed seeing, and crept noiselessly to my own room, and our doors closed simulta- neously. This morning I watched with some an- xiety for her first look. It was slightly inquiring. Summoning up my best smile, I gave her a cheerful good-morning, and then observed: 'I am glad to see you look so well this morning ! Your daughter seemed to be concerned about you in the night be- cause you had left your bed. But I told her I was sure all was right, that you were feeling nervous, and only wanted a breath of the fresh air you would find in the halls." " You understand your own sex," was her light reply, after this short study of my face. " Yes, I was very nervous. I have cares on my mind, and, though my daughter does not realise it, I often lie awake at her side, longing for space to breathe in and freedom to move as freely as my uneasiness demands. Last night my feelings were too much for my self- control, and I arose. I hope I did not seriously disturb you, or awaken anybody with my restless pacing up and down the hall ?" I assured her that it took more than this to disturb me, and that after quiet- ing her daughter I had immediately fallen asleep ; all of which she may have believed or may not; I had no means of reading her mind, as she had no means of reading mine. But whether she was deceived or whether she was not, she certainly looked relieved, and after some short re- marks about the weather, turned from me with the most cheerful air in the world to great her daughter. As for me, I have made up my mind to change my room. I shall not say any- thing about it or make any fuss on the project, but to-night, and for some nights to come, I intend to take up my abode in a a certain small room in the west wing, not very far removed from the dreadful oak parlor. CHAPTER XX THE STONE IN THE GARDEN.. October 11,1791. This morning the post brought two letters for my strange guests. Being anxious to see how they would be re- ceived I carried them up to Madame Letellier's room myself. " The ladies were sitting together, the daughter embroidering. At the sight of the letters in my hand they both rose, the daughter reaching me first. "Let me have them !" she cried, a glad, bright color showing for a moment on her cheek. "From your father ?" asked the mother in a tone of nonchalance, that did not de- ceive me. The girl shook her head. A smile as exquisite as it was sad made her mouth beautiful. "From—" she began, but stopped, whether from an instinct of maidenly shame or some secret signal from her mother, I cannot say. " Well, never mind," the mother ex- claimed, and turned away towards the window in a manner that gave me my dismissal. So I went out, having learned no- thing, save the fact that mademoiselle had a lover, and that her lips could smile. They did not smile again, however. Next day she looked whiter than ever, and languid as a broken blossom. "She is ill," declared madame. "The stairs she has to climb are too much for her." " Ah, ah !" thought I to myself, "that is the first move," and waited for the next development. It has not come as soon as I expected. Two days have passed, and though Mademoiselle Letellier grows thinner and thinner, nothing more has been said about the stairs. But the time has not passed without its incident, and a serious enough one, too, if these women are, as I fear, in the secret of the hidden chamber. It is this : In the garden is a white stone. It is plain-finished but unlettered. It marks the resting- place of Honora Urquhart. For reasons which we all thought good, we have taken no uninterested person into the secret of this grave any more than we have into that of the hidden chamber. Consequently no one in the house but myself could answer Madame Letellier, when, stopping in her short walk up and down the garden path, she asked what the white stone meant and what it marked. I would not answer her. I had seen from the window where I stood the quick surprise with which she had come to a standstill at the sight of this stone, and I had caught the tremble in her usually steady voice as she made the inquiry I have mentioned above. I there- fore hastened down and joined her before she had left the spot. " You are wondering what this stone means," I observed, with an indif- ferent tone calculated to set her at her ease. Then suddenly, and with a changed voice and a scared look into her face, I added: "It is a head-stone; a dead body lies here." She quivered, and her lids fell. For all her self-possession—and she is the most self-possessed I ever saw in my life —she showed a change that gave me new thoughts and made me summon up all the strength I am mistress of, in order to preserve the composure which her agita- tion had so deeply shaken. "You shock me," were her first words, uttered very slowly, and with a trans- parent show of indifference. ' It is not usual to find a garden, used for a burial place. May I ask whose body lies here ? That of some faithful black or of a favor- ite horse ?" "It is not that of a horse," I returned, calmly. And greatly pleased to find that I had placed her in a position where she would be obliged to press the question if she would learn anything more, I walked slowly on, convinced that she would fol- low me. She did, giving me short side glances, which I bore with an equanimity that much belied the tempest of doubt, re- pugnance and horror that were struggling blindly in my breast. But she did not renew the subject of the grave. Instead of that, she opened one of her most fas- cinating conversations, endeavoring by a her whiles and graces to get at my con- fidence and insure my good-will. And I was hypocrite enough to de- ceive her into thinking she had done so. Though I showed her no great warmth, I carefully restrained myself from be- traying my real feelings, allowing her to talk on, and giving her now and then an encouraging word or an inviting smile. For I felt that she was a serpent and must be met as such. If she were the woman I thought her, I should gain nothing and lose all by betraying my dis- trust, while if she felt me to be her dupe I might yet light upon the secret of her interest in the oak parlor. Her daughter was waiting for us in the door-way when we reached the house. At the sight of her pure face, with its tender, gray eyes and faultless features, a strong revulsion seized me and I found it diffi- cult not to raise my arms in protest be- tween her beauty and winning womanli- ness and the subtle and treacherous- hearted being who glided so smoothly to- wards her. But the movement, had I made it, would have been in vain. At the sight of each other's faces a lovely smile arose on the daughter's lips, while on the mother's flashed a look of love which would be unmistakable even on the countenance of a tiger, and which was at this moment so vivid and so real that I never doubted again, if I had ever doubted before, that mademoiselle was her own child—flesh of her flesh, and bone of her bone. 'Ah, mamma," cried one soft voice, "I have been so lonesome !" "Darling," returned the other, in tones as true and caressing, "I will not leave you again even for a walk, till you are quite well." And taking her by the waist, she led her down the hall towards the stairs, looking back at me as she did so, and saying: "I cannot take her to Albany till she is better. 'You must think what we can do to make her strong again, Mrs. Truax. " And she sighed as she looked up the short flight of stairs her daughter had to climb. October 15, 1791. That stone the garden seems to pos- sess a magnetic attraction for madame. She is over it or near it half the time. If I go out in the early morning to gather grapes for dinner, there she is before me, pacing up and down the paths converging to that spot, and gazing with eager eyes at that simple stone, as if by the force of her will she would extract its secret and make it tell her what she evidently burns to know. If I want flowers for the parlor mantel and hurry into the garden during the heat of the day, there is madame with a huge hat on her head, plucking asters or pulling down apples from the low-hanging branches of the trees. It is the same at night-fall. Sus- picious, always suspicious now. I fre- quently stop, in passing through the upper western hall, to take a peep from the one window that overlooks this part of the garden. I invariably see her there ; and remembering that her daughter is ill, remembering that in my hearing she pro- mised that daughter that she would not leave her again, I feel impelled at times to remind her of the fact, and see what reply will follow. But I know. She will say that she is not well herself ; that the breeze from the river does her good; that she loves nature, and sleeps better after a ramble under the stars. I can- not disconcert her—not for long—and I cannot compete with her in volubility and conversational address, so I will continue to play a discreet part and wait. October 17, 1791. Madame has become bolder, or her curiosity more impatient. Hitherto she has been content with haunting the garden, and walking over and about that one place in it which possesses peculiar interest for her and me. But this even- ing, when she thought no one was look- ing, when after a hurried survey of the house and grounds, she failed to detect my sharp eyes behind the curtain of the upper window, she threw aside discretion, knelt down on the sod of that grave, and pushed aside the grass that grows about that stone, doubtless to see if there were any marks or inscription upon it. There are none, but I determined she should not be sure of this, so before she could satisfy herself, I threw up the win- dow behind which I stood, making so much noise that it alarmed her, and she hastily arose. I met her hasty look with a smile which it was too dark for her to see, and a cheerful good-evening which I presume fell with anything but a cheerful sound upon her ears. "It is a lovely evening," I cried. " Have you been admiring the beautiful sunset ?" "Ah, so much !" was her quick reply, and she began to saunter in slowly. But I knew she left her thoughts out there with that mysterious grave. 12 M. Another midnight adventure ! Late as it was, I must put it down, for I can- not sleep, and to-morrow will bring its own story. I had gone to bed, but not to sleep. The anxieties under which I now labor, the sense of mystery which pervades the whole house and the secret but ever present apprehension of some impending catastrophe, which has followed me ever since these women came into the house, lay heavily on my mind, and prevented all rest. The change of room may also have added to my disturbance. I am wedded to old things, old ways, and habitual surroundings. I was not at home in this small and stuffy apartment, with its one narrow window and wretched accommodations. Nor could I forget near what it lay, nor rid myself of the horror which its walls gave me whenever I realised, as I invariably did at night, that only a slight partition separated me from the secret chamber, with its ghastly memories and ever to be remembered horrors. I was lying, then, awake, when some impulse—was it a magnetic one?—caused me to rise and look out of the window. I did not see anything unusual—not at first—and I drew back. But the impulse returned, and looked again, and this time perceived among the shadows of the trees something stirring in the garden, though what I could not tell, for the night was unusually dark, and my window very poorly situated for see- ing. But that there was something there was enough, and after another vain attempt to satisfy myself as to its character, I dressed and went into the hall, deter- mined to ascertain if any outlet to the house was open. I did not take a light, for I know the corridors as I do my own hand. But I almost wished I had as I sped from door to door and window to window ; for the events which had blotted my house with mystery were beginning to work upon my mind, and I felt afraid, not of my shadow, for I could not see it, but of my step, and the great gulfs of darkness that were con- tinually opening before my eyes. However, I did not draw back, and I did not delay. I tried the front door and found it locked ; then the south door, and finally the one in the kitchen. This last was ajar. I knew then what had hap- pened. Madame has had more than one talk with Chloe lately, and the good ne- gress has not been proof against her wiles, and has taught her the secret of the kitchen lock. I shall talk to Chloe to-morrow. But, meantime, I must follow madame. But should I ?" I know what she is doing in the garden. She is wandering round and round that grave. If I saw her I could not be any surer of the fact, and I would but reveal my own suspicions to her by showing myself as a spy. No, I will remain here in the shadows of the kitchen, and wait for her to return. The watch may be weird, but no weirder than that of a previous night. Besides, it will not be a long one; the air is too chilly outside for her to risk a lengthy stay in it. I shall soon perceive her dark figure glide in through the door-way. And I did. Almost before I had with- drawn into my corner I heard the faint fall of feet on the stone without, then the subdued but unmistakable sound of the opening door, and lastly the locking of it and the hasty tread of her footsteps as she glided across the brick flagging and disappeared into the hall beyond. "She has laid the ghost of her unrest for to-night," thought I. "To-morrow it will rise again." And I felt my first movement of pity for her. (To be Continued.) Real Friendship is a slow grower, and never thrives unless engrafted upon a stock of known and reciprocal merit. Few, without the hope of another life, would think it worth their while to live above the allurements of sense. It is sometimes pleasant to consider the different notions which different persons have of the same thing. 