A BRIGHTON GIIOST. A weird story of the appearance of a ghost at Brighton, England, is told by Mr. Thomas Lucas Smith, who writes as follows from Mansion House Chambers, E.G.: " On Thursday I was stopping At the house of a friend at Brighton, and, having re mained up reading for some time after the family had gone to bed, I at last, it being nearly twelve, prepared to retire to rest. In going upstairs I seemed to catch a glimpse of a patch of moonlight on a wnll by the window on the second landing. As I drew nearer, to my utter astonishment, this gradually took the shape of a woman ! The ghostly nature of this form was apparent, for the wall was clearly visible through the figure. The shape was that of a woman of about thirty, tall, well-formed, and clothed in some plain gar ment, which might have been a shroud. She was gazing earnestly into the grounds through tlie window, a very sad expression upon her face. Suddenly she gave a deep sigh of such utter lament that it startled me more than even the first sight of the appari tion. Then her form grew indistinct, and in a few seconds vanished. I examined the wall, but found no trace of anything ab normal. In the morning I related the strange adventure to my host, who was remarkably upset at my narrative. At his request I re frain from naming the precise house, as the property is for sale, and publicity might do it harm. He .stated there was a family secret he could not reveal, and contented himself by asking me to inspect a certain picture in his possession. I was astounded to find the ghost and this portrait- to exactly tally. The latter must have been at least 70 years old. I await an ' explanation ' from those scientists and conjurers who laugh at spiritualism. I know that my experience is real." Tiff: Kaisku AS Coinvr TAILOR.-The versa tility of the German Emperor knows no bounds. A new statuette of the Kaiser has just been designed by Prfet/.ehiner, to be cast in bronzy. The Emperor is represented as standing, ££un.'n hand-a sportsman on the alert. The particular shooting costume of hi.; Majesty which is to bo thus perpetuated is one designed by himself a conglomeration of militarv and sporting fashions. It is saiil that the Court tailors are in raptures with this costume. ^ ell they ve got to be, of course. Unfortunately, however, the Kaiser's genius does not end with designs for male attire. He has also designed a cos tume for the Empress to wear when she accom panies him on his shooting expeditions. The -ourt dressmakers are, of course, wildly c-nthu iastie in their praises of this costume, and verybody is delighted-except the Empress; 