FIRST MAN- ;IN .. A BRAVE DEED. Among the many negro nations, dif fering widely from one another in speech and physique, who obey the rule of the White Queen, as she Is termed through out the West African littoral, there are none more remarkable in their manners and customs, nor harder to manage, than the tribes who Inhabit the limitless swamps and little known forests of the Niger delta. They are all men of 1 huge stature, with arms and chests splendidly developed by constant labor at the paddle, for they practically live in their dug-out canoes, but with the weak lower limbs of the negro. A little while ago, King Shaillu of Hioba, not having the fear of the Government before his eyes, and disregarding what had hap- 1 pened when the strong-hold of the river pirate Nana went down before the wrath of the Protectorate, built himself a strong stockade around his city of mud walled huts, and took counsel with his Ju-Ju men as to how he might most easily acquire power and riches, and make a name for himself, as did his fathers before the coming of the white men. Soon afterwards mutilated corpses of unfortunate slaves commenced to draft down the rivers with every fresh et, and inland traders, arriving at the scattered coast factories, told strange tales of men buried alive -among the foundations bi new houses or stockades. At last it was determined that Shaillu should be made an example of. Silently file by file, with scarcely the crackling of a twig or the rustling of a leaf to mark their passage, the To rubas moved down the steep bank. for they had been trained in forest warfare from childhood, and had held their wild land with spear-blade and flintlock gun' against the fierce tribes of the Western Soudan and the Arab raiders from the northern desert. Captain Cranton watched them flitting like ghosts through the shadows, and abused the clumsiness of his subaltern, who tore his way noisily with nervous haste through every obstacle, until he heard their feet sucking in the soft mire.- Pre sently there was a splashing by the edge of the ford; then the sound melted into the gurgle of the river, and the last dim figure disappeared into a drifting cloud of mist. . "Get on there, this is no time for rest," said the Captain as the leading files halted; and he hurried forward only to sink breast deep in a steep-sided hollow, and to wonder if they had blun dered and lost the track across the ford. While he hesitated there was another roar of flintlock guns and a shower of Jagged potleg sang past overhead and splashed along tlhe surface of the river. A Toruba dropped his rifle with a splash, and clutching at his side col lapsed, a limp heap, into the stream. A comrade dashed forward, but it was too late;-there was a choking gasp, and with an oily gurgle the muddy current closed over a ghastly face, and the Yoruba was gone. The soldiers stared at one another for a moment, and a few of the Snider butts came home to the shoulder with a rattle, but Captain Cranton said sternly. "The man is dead; the first who fires without my order dies also. Forward there!" Then, with set -teeth, the Yorubas went ahead, floundering and splashing, struggling shoulder deep against the power of the stream with uplifted rifles, while the sickly Doctor gasped for breath as he was half carried, half dragged, wildly througil the water. Just as they came dripping out of the river, a long trail'of fire streamed upwards across the midnight sky, and a deto "nating rocket burst into a cloud of crimson stars far overhead, to show that the landward gate had gone down before the attack of the flanking party. -While the evil-smelling vapor was Still eddying and drifting along the face of the stockade, with a yell. the Yoru ,baarushed- forward, stumbling and bliindering over shattered logs and glowing cinders, half choked by the sickening odors of the explosive, and swept down the main street of the vil lagedrivlng the river-men before them at the bayonet-point like a flock of frightened sheep. Some one had hurled a blazing torch into a hut, and the roar ing flame leaped forth from thatch to thatch, throwing a" lurid light on the crowd of naked figures flying for their lives betwieen the lines of mud-walled hiuts,or scaling the palisade andflinging themselves over into the darkness out side. Dripping "with perspiration, and scarcely visible through the stifling smokt-wreaths. Captain Cranton dash ed along at the head of his men, swing ing his revolver and threatening, in hoarse breathless gasps, all kinds of penalties on the man who fired without his order; for he knew if the Yorulas once got beyond control there would be no human being left alive in the town. While the doctor wondered what he should do, a chorus of yells, hisses, and whistles rose froni behind a cluster of huts, and presently a handful of black soldiers came into sight, giving way slowly before a wild mob of naked river men.' ,There was no time to load or fire. Spear-heads and the brass-bound butts of the trade guns rattled and crafshed among gleaming bayonets and brown Snider barrels, for the Yorubas were fighting desperately as they went, four of them bearing what appeared to be a shapeles heap of tattered karkl uniformnupon a layer of woven palm fibre, torn out from the side of some headman's house. " 'Stop them-stop them-one time '" shouted the doctor, but his men needed no telling, With the wild shout of the northern raiders ringing out above the clash of spear and rattle of Snider butts they drove forward, arid as the bright steel filled up the narrow way the foe were held-in check Tfor a few moments. Staggering up to the side of the rough litter, Surgeon MIarsland felt the grasp of the big Yoruba sergeant on his shoulder?'and heard a voice in his ear: "Officer-mani live for die, Sah; river man chop-him with spear. Say, carry me first' through stockade, - alive or dead." "Never mind what he said, let me get at him. For, hea'en's sake keep those brutes back; he's bleeding to death," shouted the doctor, shaking off the grasp and bendlng down over the still form, Young Liscombe feebly raised his head."'ood-bye, I'm about finished; but I was-first man : In," he gasped. Without a word the doctor slit the tunic from the arm, and wrenched open his instrumen~ case as he saw the bright bloIod pulLng lu:ieta fromta.te ?fYred artery. ." , obfor two minutes; just two -minutes!" ,e.?groaned, as he slipped a rubber tounintquet around the white skin:.but even as he did so, the crowd -of river-nien surged madly forward; there w-as a clash of bayonets and spear heads, andthough the Yorubas parried and lunged- desperately they staggered and yielded,ground before the dead weight of nbmbers. Never turning his eyes, the -doctor ient quietly on lwith his work, in a grim race to save his comrade's life. Just as the thick rubber, biting into the firm flesh, choked down the spurting blood, the Yorubas broke away, and a huge naked river-man swung a gleam Ing matchett back to the full sweep of his right armn todelivertheresistless cut the West African knows so well at tihe doctor's head. Alnlost instinctively Surgeon MIarsland closed Iis eyes. Then he felt himself hurled on one side as somethlng rushed past him, and, glanc ing round again, saw the red bayonet of Sergeant Koffee shoot past at the point from belhlnd the shoulder and slide into the negro's naked flesh, until the socket clashed against the breast bone. Almost simultaneously he heard the Yoruba's shout, and the swarming foe split up and melted away into thy ing groups as, swinging his spitting re volver right arid left, Captain Craoton swept past a? the head of his men. Then his.overtaxed strength gave way, and he .collapsed ,a limp Unconscious heap across the foot of the litter. Before morning Hloba was a heap of smoking ruins, and Shalllu a prisoner fast bound with titi creepers.--"Mac millan'." 