'THE UNCTION OF HOLY THE ONE. Undoubtedly that was what the minister was waiting for when a messenger was sent ~to him to tell him the congregation was waiting for him. The messenger returned 'to those that sent him eayiDg, 'There is some one in the room with him, and I heard 'him say, ' I will not go without you.' ' The minister soon appeared, and the other One was with him. 0 believe me. it it is the ' other One ' we need to see and .hear 1 I have never forgotten the young minister who went to his presiding elder with muoh -satisfaction and told him that the church was bo crowded he could hardly get through to his pulpit. The old man looked at him and askod him in his blunt way, ' ' Was any body converted ?' ' No, but the crowd vraa a sight.' 'Did anybody get mad ?' said the elder. ' 0, no,' said the young man, ' they seemed delighted.' The old minister shook his bead. ' No one con verted, no one mad. There's something ?wrong here,' he murmured. Peter had an traction from the Holy One \ find 'they gnashed on him with their -teeth.' No one awakened ! No one converted ! ' No one saying, ' I must be holy 1' And they oome in and they go out. As I heard a Scotohman in a pulpit in London say as 'he leaned over the pulpit and looked at a ? fashionable audience, 'Ye look very fine ? in your gay clothes, but I fear in the sight ? of the angels ye are not fit to be seen.' I wish more ministers had the courage 'of the young man who received a call immediately after he left the theological ; seminary. He had graduated from his -college with honors and then prepared for \- the ministry. He was very much elated at Ihis call to fill a pulpit so soon. He started ? on Sunday morning with his manuscript to preach his first sermon. As he approached 'the pulpit he saw the words, made with ?scarlet pinks on a bank of white pinks ''behind the pulpit, ' Sir, we would see ? JeBus! ' The Holy Ghost did his work on 'the conscience of the young preacher. ?' The „ jpreaoher gave out the hymn and the con rgregation sang, and then before kneeling jfae said, 'I answered your call. I am .your minister. I came to your church this .?morning with my sermon, but I cannot .read it. All that I can see are the burning \words you have placed for me to look at — * Sir, we would see Jesus.1 0, my people,' .he exclaimed, ' how can I show Him to -you when T have not seen Him myself? .But bear with me. I will seek Him. I ?will see Him, and then I will show Him to ;yon.' And then he prayed, and the people wept, and they all prayed, 'Show me Thy ' .self! I beseech Thee, show me Thy glory.' : Need I tell you that that young man ^preached Jesus, showed Jesus, and that the people saw Him ? 0 how hungry the people are for Jesus, and if the ministers ifcnew Him (not about Him) the people would see Him. : I shall never forget the time when one of -the sweetest women of our Methodism was :so hungry for a pure heart, a full salvation, ithat she could hardly, eat or sleep, and she passed out of her tent at a camp meeting to hear the morning sermon. The subject was, ' Christ a complete Saviour.' Before the preacher reached the close of the sermon she said to herself, with her heart breaking with longing, '0, will he say that he has found Him a complete Saviour, that he knows it all by experience ? ' The sermon was ended, and then the minister, laying his hand on his heart, said, ' He has been and is a complete Saviour to this poor heart of mine,' and in that moment the woman, whose name was as ointment poured forth for years after that, appre hended Christ by faith as her perfect Saviour and was filled with the Spirit. Christian Advocate. 