THE SHIPPING; THABE. . Nearly every other day since the last general election one or the other of the. morning papers has informed, its rea ders that the fiscal question -has beeu settled, so far as New South Wales is concerned', 'for good aitd all.', 'And. near ly every other day one ' or the other of them has published "an attack' upon pro- tection/or protectionists, thus convey ing that iu its opiuion the fiscal ques tion is very much alive,- - These pro-; ceedlugs imply that the; papers alluded to know that the fiscal policy they fa vour is falling into ruins. Nobody is more convinced of the existence of a ghost In a graveyard; than the person who walks .through a graveyard and declares at every. step that there is no ghost there, . If our 1'ree-trade contem poraries really believed that the free-- trade cause in this province was hot in great danger they, would not' trouble' themselves to discuss the subject. im its issue o£; to-day; one. bf the morn- lug papors has commented upon an av-: tiele of its own upon tho shipping trade for the purpose of "proving that in con sequence g£ .the R.ehl policy ;tho trade in' New South ;)Vales has .pi'ogvessed by leaps and bounds, and tlifit the country is therefore Iii a state pf quite excep tional prosperity; ' More tonnage comes to the port's of : this province .than, to those of Victoria, therefore, l'ree-trado of the Held pattern is justified: and pro- teetloh condemned. The, ' public . tire pretty familiar wltii tills kind of logic, but they have no respect for it. Hun dreds of - Ships visit; Newcastle every year to get coal, and wliat" the 'readers of the free-trade jbiiruals;are;expepted to believe Is that the coal measures are a result of the free-trade -policy. If the coal measures were in Victoria Instead of in Newcastle the "Herald"; -will pro bably admit that more tohnage would pass In and out .ter colony than, in and,, out '.of those of New South Wales. .If, It were to make that admission its; arguments in - to day's issue would bo knocked on tlio bond. But . npart ffom. that tlie fact may bo stated that 'since the establish ment , of the Reid policy, whilst, our 'im ports have -largely Increased our ex ports iiave.; fallen;, off to 'au ' enormous extent, and 'the total trade Is not. so great as It wtis when Sir George .Dlbba was iu offlcei neither; are.; the wharf- labourers so busy as they were In tho period preceding tariff reform. Even Hunter-street should know that things cannot be in a very flourishing condi- tion when the exports are steadily de clining. . Our contemporary states that protec- j tlonlsts regard as evils all the benefits | that are! conferred upon a community by tlie. shipping trade, and it adds :"Our protectionists, could thoy have tlieir way, would reduce our exports by bur dening the genuine Industries of : tbo country- with taxation in the Interest of pampered monopolies in the town." ; .Those statements are vile slanders— as vile as any slanders that have been printed in any Democratic paper In tlie United States. They are so detestable that a reply to them Is not necessnry. The- charges come with ill-grace from a paper that approved the policy of burdening the primary industries of the country by means of- land and In come taxation; it professes to believe that the land tax will facilitate farm ing and squatting operations and; re duce the cost of producing wheat and wool. If -the truth were known It would probably he, found that the jour nal under notice hates Rekllsm as much as it Is hated by tho public generally.'. Since it began barracking for Reid it has become an object of contempt to the class whom it used to rega!rd as tlio pillars of ;the State, and the signs are that the feeling will increase.. Mean while it will not "injure protection by its abuse of tlie believers in that policy. 