THE NOVELIST. TIME SHALL. Hff. By tha Anthor . of« With ? 'i'/ws JMn^'J CHAPTER X. ' Oh, serpent-heart, bid with ft flowering face,' Tho drawing-room at Worowood was a long, low room, with panelled coiling and Gothic -windows, and on tho walls a picture ortwo by eoino forgotten band. a case of dooIcs, a oabraot of old ohinn and hero and thero n brnokot holding aomo antiquated vase or Dresden shepherdess — nothing rich, or rare, or luxurious, but ovor all un atmosphoro ot tort and comfort, tho outbreaking of * calm and loving home. In this room tho sisters Bat towards tho closo of tho day, both with a shado of sorrow on them, Kaohel wna anxious for Bora, and Dora waa grieved that sho should bo so. ' Thoro is a silver lining to ovory oloud,' said Dora. ' I shall not fret, oi« paint my airy aa hopolesaly blaolt, bo csusoafltonn has como upon it. If Harry can lonvo mo thus, I shall aay lio waa not worth a loavo talcing. Ho lias acted oruolly in quitting hig fathor and mother iu this rash way.' 'If Cordelia could only como this evening,' sighod Rachel, ' there would still bo timo to explain it all and call Harry book from Loudou.' ' But wo cannot expect anyone from thereetory,' Dora answered. 'There- will only bo Mr. Brandon hero, and I fear it will bo hard to outortain him.* She sighed a little, and fell into silence. A 'fire waa ou the hoarth— for all through tho aumuior Mr. Musgravo loved fires of an evening — and no lights were in tho room except tho uncertain gleam rising from the oraokling wood. Tho Gothio window had no sunset raya flashing on it, for it looked eaat, and tho light without waa crav and noutral-tintod. It ahowod dimly tho quiet villngo and churoh at Warewood, with birds flying round tho steoplo.and circling flocks of roeka hastening homo to the groat olins, whose loug shadows lay on road and lawn. The beeoh-troe avenue waa growing dim, and away to the right dark groups of evoi'groeus shelter tho garden duskily, making a mystery of its long winding, bowery walks, ita Bunny parterrea of flowers, and ita quaint old world arbors xoofod with honoyaucklo and rose. ' How early it has grown dark this evouiug, and how cold it is,' Baid Rachel. Dora stooped, and stirred tho embers of tho wood fire together 5 a flame . shot up, and flashed lights on tho Bistera' faces, showing in both tho same dear complexion, the honest blno eyes, the profusion of brown hair, whioh mtulo them so wonderfully alike, but showing also the diatinotivo character of each face, whioh made thoir unlikonoss. The eldor had tho younger, sunuier look. She seemed ono who could bear sorrow bravely, if sorrow wad a neccoa sity but if it wore a gronndlosa grief, sho would Bhako it from her soul easily. Not so Bfichel. Although her lovo ?waa happy, and seemingly not a oloud rested on h'or path, yot there was a shadow ou her young faco, and in her d00E-S0t 6V0S a look of fnai* nnri i\nin Sho rested her oheok upon her hand and gazed out steadily through tho ; window, and saw tho beaoh trees wave and the shadows in tho evening sky fly silently and darkly over the waning light. Dora followed hor gaeo with quickly divining eyes. ' Papa and Eugone cannot bo hero an hour yet, Rachel. It ia a very long drive to Padstow, and papa had so many people to see — you know that is why he ordered dinnor to bo put off till eight.' ' I thought it was that now ; it ia so dark to-night,' Rachel said, romoving her strained gazo from tho window ' Do you know, Dora, I feol aa if some! thing terrible had happonod, or wna about to happen.' 'And what thon P' asked Dora brightening as her sister saddonod. It ia but a mood— a fancy. It will nil pasawben they return. I ought to be tho molauoholy oue~not you, Kaohol.' And Dora laughed n tiny, ohoory laugh, ehowirg her pretty white teoth in tho firelight. 'Hark! I hear thoin coming |' 3!aohol cried. Then, with & suddon lovely color flashing warm upon hor paloness, ahe run to tho window. ' It ia onha a bey on horseback,' bIio said, her ton&drooping; into weariness ; and, with tliiu, sho cama back and sat down by tho firo again. ' Wo had better rouso ourselves and dress,' said Dora, 'or wo will have pupjk, and Eugene, and Mr, Brandon all hero before w© are ready,' . Aa she spoke the door was opened, nnd tho one eolitary piece of magnifi cenco appertaining to Warowoodr*tho butter— cutored, ' ' If you please, ma'am, here Is a tele gram, and'the boy waits to know if thoro is an answer.' Dora's slender fingors tore open the yollow onvelopo somewhat nervously. As sho did this, and spread the papor opon, Kaohol drew closo to hor siBtor'a sido, and both tojjethor by the firelight read tho mosaago. ' Thoro is no answer, Trewin,' said* Dora. ' There is nothing the matter, I hope, ma'am P' ' Nothings I am happy to say. Only Miss Martock will arrive here almost immediately, and hor uBtial room must be got ready at once.' Dora's voice waa a little unsteady Rachel was silent. She knelt on tho huge hearth-rug} tho flickering firo gave her face a strange look of suffer ing. Old Trowin swung the door in his hand and paused a moment. ' This ia rather unexpected, isn't it, ma'am?' ho said, in a tono which showed ho folt himself aggrioved by Miss Marfcoek'o proceedings. ' Vory unexpected, indeed, Trewin.' 'Thon people shouldn't ought to tako their t'rionds unawares — that's what I say, miss. And sartinly Mis9 Martock might have givou longer notice.' ' Perhaps not, Trowin. I darOBay wo shall find it is not all hor fault.' With a shako of his head, the old privileged sorvant closed tho door - and now, for tho first time sinoo thoy had road thoir cousin's hurried ruessago tho si9tei'B looked in oaoh othor'a faco. ' It ia just liko Milly to bo solfishly cweleaa of anyone's convenience ox oopt her own,' said Rachel, bitterly. ' I detest tho thought of her coming hore now.' 'Surely you are not going to bo jealous of Milly ?' returned Dora. 'Think what a flirt sho ia ! Think how beautiful aho ia !' Baid Eaohel, shrinkingly. ' What are wo, compared to hor?' S .'? I have answored that question many times,' answored Dora, quietly. ' And I tell you, Milly ia tho very last girl in tho world of w,hom I should be jealous.' ' Thon, if you were engaged to Harry and he wore here instead of Engeno- you would not mind her coming ?' 'Not in the least. I wish I had tho chance of showing you how little I should mind. A man who oould love either you or mo, Rachel, would nevor be fanoinated by Milly Marfcock.' ' Havry was with her for a weok, at tho rectory, and did not admire her, I know, but Eugene ? ' ' If you think him so fickle, Raohol, givo him up at once,' interrupted Do,ra, slightly impatient. 'But I toll yon again that no man who had doliboratoly chosen you would fall in lovo with Milly. Why porplex yourself with fanoies and jealousies ? For my part, I never intend to be miserable till misery uornuu. ' Somehow I am so heavy-hearted to night,' said Raohel, ' That ia my only excuse.' Dora had picked up the telegram from rug and was roading it again. ' Why, Rachel,' sho cried, ' Milly ha3 positively arrived. She will be hore directly. The telegram wna sent oft' in tho morning and has boon do layod. I did uot notice that before.' liaphol rose hastily fiom her knees and walked to the window. 8ho waa just in timo to soe tho tall whito gate at tho end of the avenne swing baok on its hinges to admit that ugly vehicle culled a fly. ' llore is Milly nrnveu r sno muii, speaking with all hor old calm. 'I shall go and dross now, Dora. I have only just timo. Milly will keep mo so loug if I begin to talk to hor first.' Sho loft tho room by a small arched door leading to hor father's stndy.and almost at tho same moment tho clang of tho boll and tho noiso and hustle in tho hall annouueed tho arrival of the now guest. 'Miss Martook!' said old Trowin, with his grandest air, aa ho set tho door of tho drawing-room wido open, Then thero ran in lightly a protty alondor figure, and a email, sweet voice criodout— 'Is that Dora or Rachol ? I foel like, a bat fluttering horo in tho darkuessi and cau scarcely make you out.' Doraonmo forward and kissed hor cousin, and relieved her of hor cloak, ' Are you very tirdd, Milly P' ' I am half doad, my dear. What a journoy it ia down to this darling old tnmblodown place ! Every time- 1 como I vow it shall.bo the last, and yet, like Dunquo's ghost, I am appearing at un oxpected timea.' ' That is cortainly true this evening,' remarked. Dora. Miss Martook laughed, ' You don't mind, I hope ? And I am suro my dear old uncle won't mind. How is ho?' ' Papa is well, thank you. Will you hiwo a glaBs of wino or some tea before you go to your rooin P' ' Oh, I am so tired ! I will have wine,, please.' Tho wine was rung for, and mean while Milly drew nearer to tho firo. Tho flames flashed light on her beauti ful face and danced in hor gleaming black eyes. Sho looked round the room: and smiled. (To be continued.) 