Political. THE LOBBYIST. Ash ton, M.P., is reading for the Bar. Lyn« is now leader of the " Propputty" party. The present Parliament will run its time out oat. Queensland has dropped out of the Federal movement. The black labour ele ment is too strong. It is said that R. D. Meagher opposes W. P. Crick for West Maoquarie at the next election. Wburoo I Mr. Reid: I have never had a sixpenny sh u-e of any kind in my life." He has more th n his share of brains. R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., the brainiest mnn in the Upper House, will run for a euourban constituency at next election. Hon. W. J. Triekett: " Every vegetable on the Parliamentary refreshment-room table to-night was grown by Chinamen." The total revenue per head of the popu lation in N.S.W. is £7 6/1, and the taxa tion £2 2/3; in Victoria the former is £5 18/10 and the latter £2 6/. The Assembly on Thursday night threw out the clause added to the Factories' Bill, permitting Jewish manufacturers, &c;, to keep their establishments open on Sundays. In the Assembly. "I use brains-which is more than the hon member does." "The only brains the hon member ever had was when he went to an eating-house, and got them served up to him on a plate." " Telegraph" says that in firing the Referendum Bill out so unceremonsly, " the Legislative Council throws away one of the best chance* of its own constitution al survival." The New South Welshman is the most lightly taxed of all Australians, paying £2 2/8, South Australian next, £2 8/10, Vic torian £2 6/, Queenslander £8 3/8, and the New Zealander £8 7/9. Mr. Rose at Windsor: " The Bogan scrub-cutting industry is the only one brought into existence by freetrade. And no sooner is the scrub cut than it grows again." The same remark applies to a man's hair. South Australian Assembly has included a clause in the Licensed Victuallers' Bill abolishing barmaids. Any woman, other than a publican's wife, found selling liquor in a bar, will be liable to a fine ®f £10, the licenses also being fined. Hon. Alexander Brown's strongest argu ment against the Referendum Bill when it was before the Upper House was: "We don't want the Bill." Perhaps not-he don't want any reform, but he'll have to swallow a big dose of it later on. The day before the Presidential election, the " Star" said that freetrade and protec tion did not enter into the contest. Two days after, when McKinley won, the Bame paper claimed it as a viotory for protection. How the ghosts of the past rise up before our politicians, to be sure. In the As sembly a few years ago, Mr. Joseph Abbott asked how protection would assist the squatters. Mr. 0* Sullivan : "By saving them from a land-tax." Now the party won't be drawn on this question. If the Parliamentary Opposition can rais® enough " wind" to send cablegrams to America (to congratulate McKinley) why don't they pay the printer for the pamphlet they published last election, entitled " Roid the Wriggler ?"-" Australian Workman" A well known Cumberland fruitgrower advises his fellow orchardists to get the idea out of their heads that the Protection ist party will repeal the land- tax, as he says by getting a Protectionist Government in they would be only adding fuel to fire. " Review of Reviews" says :-" Mr. Reid, who is a convinced and highly com bative freetrader, iB clear that Protection discharges the office of a poison, or, say, a cholera microbe, in the blood of Victoria, and he expressed this view in a striking speech delivered at Windsor on October 11. The recently deceased J. E. Kelly, of Dubbo, at one time represented the Bogan electorate in the Assembly ; was proprietor of the notorious newspaper, the " Stock whip," which cost him in libel actions much of the fortune he had previously won ; theu he took to squatting again. Mr. billies, M.P., says the Rosebill rail way should be called <" Jacob's Ladder." Ihe "Cumberland Argus" says this is the first joke Mr.G. was ever known to perpe trate. Not so. Speaking the other night, , . Jack remarked : " I want to get the Min ister's (for Works) ear, or bis head." Mr. Young: "You'd have a better one than you've got now." Mr. Gillies : " Probably \--if I wanted to use it for firewood*" 