CKICKET. BOHEMLASS V. HAMTLTUK. Adrettedly foe atraogret team tieBcbamaas have ffejed daring ibeir amnultaorieeti tores ccmBKaced a two dayv rekk reriatt End toe yatesday. Mebdle bavmg wae tie tore bmuMaai bad auree diScabw ia deridmc. That the wieket would pfey lyti first w re cextaaabnthis bsirencter bad shoved tfaeap- preadi afa change. On thi. fas tcbed, went in fiutt aod re tie seqoeldwwed.fais barometer was eooect, tie change wiring in when tbr visitor were half through thriTimnogs. Oeeeagma oar local men eommeseed badly, 3. KTellaa being bowled by thetbedbsll of the dy rent down br Omaka. TT. Wititom. ft Rm end Mercer were til ont with tie sere t ten, endvfareR. Bretiifcitoat ton not for tongas a22bewre Ud,df s etnugbt drire. Mri- vsDe'a Irliinp inrlniled a fiae drive for 3 isd tiB finer one for 4, bat, oafortoesadty for Mm, not in tie are direetire. He retired at St JfBwen joined A. Trvrvwitk, wba, dreprir hw Isinrme, was faattiag very awndily. These two marie a fang stood, bat at 54, Learreorth, wbs bad gooe in first wicket dawn, aadmsde 28, totally ansjadged a somewhat niain ball frees X-Esenaa. At 65, H. Bippoo was cirra Lb.w. before be bad got guiag, and ties came a rereaiksbte standby Hunt and ITEvat The farmer fasxaa witb case, bat ccee be "got fab eye In," be "jested "aB loose bowiing without eserey, never taking Hertio, bat pleying cricket re obkex riredd be pfayed. Ia M'Bven be foondaa able colleague, tins |inreiirr yotmg hi Winn Maying wsb tie tfsdilwvs of a veteran, aad Hunt giving Imn a useful leeeoa ia tbe art of jadgmg nan K'ot tmtil 137 bad bam reached was tins profitable r— nnvhip dieadved by MEwia being run ont. He con bitting, aod tie only ghost of a »— wae a ! very bard bit to K. Mwkinnna off Iempriere, ! wbicb tiat rebable fielnem>n foaod too hot to bold. Cavensgfa bad got 5 when be jnet ' esicked a fast ball sent down fay 3. Oderae. ' aad was beld at tie wicketa, 19 — 3— 146. and J Letrmootb joined tbe old lancasbire tdayec j EHsdly tbe increased to 187, i Huet, after playing a rraod inninxi inrfrrd f<e - 80, bit ax a ball from 3. TjZT ! tow, aad wrebowied. J. > Obtained U wbhoot a fclemeh, eweJ oat be ! beb- The bowliag dCkoofavu vay S at foe start, but Heat sppesred to lifa hhj y "yyttiber big hi'a, get two for five off ; \-- .1 KMgMI UUWLL- oot, and these two tocA til tie wickets. ereS one bsgged by J.Oefaarnesndanmoat. He fiddmg of the risitorv was good, sod, as asnti, Maun was facSe prisuxpt aa a wicketkeeper. Feor byes are down in foe aoorbw book, bat three of these sbonld have bora ewaTii—l to J Otboroe a. widet. Kereer and M bora started tie bowline for Ham ilton. foe first Bfoetunn btismsn being Xsan aod E. Bofo treated foe bowling wifo respect, nererlheles. rant kept coming until 31 had been reached, when Mann, who should base been stamped daring foe tianl over, -« bowled by. gQ tomtit ball that seemed Maria little m the an, but went straight from pitch to wieket. For a score of 19 be waa looked upon aa a very cheap bargain indeed. Still dtoaper weot that great Ufrireuofty bat, K. for 12. tbe beiti J. Xackunon pulled a full pitch round to Woodborn at short on, Leopriere gave Meroer an opportunity for making a brilliant catch xa foe riq K. Dc Ifttle tried " loog-hop and missed it, and Grooke was tievre 3y mmgbt between ! third man aod cover by Hunt. Wrth six rnch good men aad trae out for 51, there was .great advance in Hamilton stocks, and when Friday's Wieket fell at 53. fox foreign were joSSt Tbe lain, wbicb bad been threatening for time, in fact Islfo abgbtly, began to tumble aomewbat heavily, and a short adjoarament wae found arirereij. Tbe bruthera Osbome tatted Steadily up to 70, when Hnnj, whTtad hosn excellent fomt for 14. was bowfadby a mmpteooe rent down by Wooiburo, much to the bowier'a surprise, as foe same batsman bad ted very mtob tntae dfficalt ones wifo vreuronaeree: Upon X. Fairbaira jtaniiig 3. Ofoorae, band fnttiag became foe order of tile day, but die new corner, at MJS mcepuon Of His rare a. stance to MTeBas, who was standing the Wires at lo-.g-on. Tbe fiddsman tried to bring off a br-llispt one-handed catch, but did not get fofo held, and foe tatamaa scored 4. Hie bowling at bofo ends re unmemfnllT trrated bj both batsmen, and Meroer, who had tired, might with advantage, Jure been with, drawn. At 80 tius re done, and G. Bippon qmeUygot both wieketo, Fairfaiim tnaWll by hud driving, and Osborne playing well for 27\. Tbe total was 11£ or 71 nma to foe bad. 4 tavfen. Woodbam and Merger both seemed to bother foe tatomcn entil tiu-r had tired and the fielding of foe local mreWs a m improvreneot on that shown by foem on Satar- fTl H "nil top tins When rata pat a atop to pfoy had aoored 30 runs with no wiriut down, CtTmgb Itatiag out with commendable vigour for 25, and M'Bwen being not out 4. amdty 1, tbe bowton, thanks tofoe motearm not befog able to get a fair grip. Ftdtowfogare tbe fcores Bamwtos. FitBt InamgE. Secuod Inning W. Woodbarn, c OoofcE. bJ.Jfaefcmiiorr 0 M'Leflan, bOooke .. 0 A. jjnmwrih, b J. ' Mereer.bJ.Xactenea'" o Smith, c De little, b Crooks — ._ ..7 MelriDe,bfoooke .. 11 ICEwro, rem ont ..9 notont 4 Lb.w, b " Huut,bJ. Maddnnon!. SO earmsgh, c lUim, b \-- - 5 notont .. J. Ixannonth, not oat.. 14 . I4® .. 7 Bye .. .. 1 Total .. ..1SJ Xowktefor ,."i) fiti Innings. Mm, bWoodbttm 13 g- Markhmon, b Meroer 12 J. Mwtiiuvsi, c Woodbezn, b Mma 7 LemprrlfororoXwJoar 3 ADeUtkblfamr a ;; I 2f i. Osbome, cWoodburo,b Bitmn ' T-FtiriMta.bBippoT .77 ;; ii MTtenar, notoct 3 wsae ;; ;; ;; j aoexntB For Hamillnn Ffikl t— ta- t 1%7 fSfj 52 3?.ba'a8 it —? J. Osbcvne, tg talk, 1 