BAITING BENT. ? ♦ ? Thomas Bent, who is running for Mel bourne South, tried to address a public meeting of the electors in the local Town Hall on Wednesday night, and had more sorts of a sheol of a time than the hoary old ex-Speaker could Bhake a stick at in a week. Being utterly unable to obtain a hearing Tommy put himself upto answer ' questions,' and he got some of the queerest it was ever mortal politician's lot to reply to. One genius asked tbe perspiring candidate 1 Are you in favor of imported iron being manufactured in the colony.^ (Loud laughter.) Mr Bent : In answer to that, I may say that I am in favor of making Ballarat a sea port town. (Renewed laughter). Others followed in this strain, and the spectacle of a solemn Speaker of the House of Assembly out of work, facing such a bombardment is sufficient excuse for a re production of a few more of these questions and their erudite answers Are you not brought out by J. S. White to strengthen Dr. Owen's chances? Mr. Bent : No, I am not supporting Dr. Owen. A Voice : Your support would not keep up a tin fence. (Loud laughter.) Does the candidate think he has got a ghost of a show. (Laughter.) Had he not better go and grow cabbages again 1 Mr. Bent : Two more meetings like this would put me in for any constituency. (Cheers and laughter.) A Voice : Will the candidate, if elected, do his best to discover where the mace went to. (Loud laughter.) Mr. Bent : The mace was not taken during my term of office as Speaker. 1 will give yon a sovereign to look for it if you like. A Voice : Did Tommy Bent 'strike' the mace? (Laughter.) Mr. Bent : 1 don't understand rough phrases like that. (Loud laughter)} I was not billed to play a farce, but yoa seem to like it. If I bad charged 2s 6d admission, I would have made a fortune at it. I think the farce has gone on far enough. A Colored Gentleman : Are you in favor of allowing colored gentlemen to join the police force? (Loud laughter.) Air. Bent : I don't want any colored men here at all. (Renewed laughter.) Are you prepared to make an apology to the electors of South Melbourne for insult ing them by coming here. Mr. Bent ; I don't think I have insulted them. I have submitted myself to this meeting, aud h.-ive answered all your qnes sions courteously, and that is no insult. In addition to that, I may tell you 1 am a man e V'.Ty iu.:h of me. (Cheers and laughter.) At this stage a drnnken man caused a diversion by getting on the platform and squaring up at Mr. Bent. The man was re moved to the back of the platform, where several or the electors sat on him. Are you in favor of abolishing free rail way passes to visitors Mr. Bent : I am. 1 may tell yon I stopped a lot of the press passes and saved thousands of pounds by that. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen said to me : 1 The press will be down on you for this, Bent— (laughter) — the public will forget it, but the press never.' (Re newed laughter.) 