THE TRINITY IN UNITY. (To the Editor of The Church of Enaland Messenger.) Dear Sib — Not being a philosopher or a metaphysician, or indeed in any true sense a ' scholar,' it would be as idle as presumptuous in me to attempt to follow your recent contributor through what are to me the intricate mazes and apparent mystifications of his 'Original Article' on the abstruse metaphysical doctrine of the Trinity in Unity, or to profess to understand all the up-to- date terms, phrases, and ideas with which that article abounds ; and I am afraid that his paper will not throw much light upon the subject, or make the under standing of this mysterious doctrine of the Holy Trinity any easier to men and women of only common intelligence and average acquire ments, who constitute nine-tenths of your readers. If the meaning of the so-called creed of St. Athanasius, which treats of the same deep subjects philosophically, metaphysically, and exhaustively, is in great measure a sealed book to so very many of us, the attempt of your contributor to explain the doctrine of the triune God to us on the lines of his article is not likely to be successful. To the average mind and intellect the explanation of this dogma, as given in the Athanasian creed, perplexing though it be, is far less obscure than that of the writer of the article, except to himself, because it uses terms and phrases which are familiar to us, and which are current in our popular theology. That, as well as Scripture, speaks of the ' personality' of the Christian man as consisting of 'body, soul, and spirit,' and not of 'a subject, an object, and the relation between them;' of the triune Jehovah as' Pather, Son, and Holy Spirit,' and not' as ' mind, idea, and connecting thought'; of the ' Divine Person' as the Original Existence, the: I* Am, and not as the 'original consciousness' which latter is only a condition or quality of the self- existent I Ana. Scripture teaches us that God ' manifests Himself to man' as Creator, Bedeemer, and Sanctifier, and not as 'creator, creation, and creating,' which the writer explains to mean ' as subject, object, and relation between them,' whatever that may signify. It also teaches us that God, as the Father, He creates and rules ; as the Son or Word, He redeems and saves; as the Holy Ghost, or Spirit, He enlightens and sanctifies— three distinct names, characters, manifestations, epiphanies, and offices of the one self-same personal God — three ' personas' or sub sistencies in one Godhead ; just as the material sun, although one and indivisible, presents itself to us in a threefold aspect, in. three different and distinct manifestations or offices, by imparting to us— first, light ; second, heat ; third, colour, the three combined constituting the one solar globe. Your contributor admits at the conclusion of his article that if his theory of the exact analogy between the triune personality of man and the triune personality of God, each consisting of a ' subject, object, and the relation between them,' be established and. accepted as true, it can after all only ' point towards' the mysterious doctrine of the Trinity, and only moves in the direction of the con ceivability of its truth. If this be the only value of the theory pro pounded to us, it appears to me that it would be more satisfactory to content ourselves with the old-fashioned Athanasian creed, which, although regarded by many as 'a series of metaphysical conun drums,' seems to be the most able, probable, and scientific explana tion which theology can offer of the great doctrine of the Trinity in Unity or Unity in Trinity. — Iam,&c;, H. N. Wollaston. 