ABOUT RINOS. -o A ring has always been associated with marriages from time immemor able. The hard sings of his love for his "fair ladye" being as "endless as the ring." The engagement ring is, perhaps, the most genuinely interest ing bit of Jewellery a woman can wear, and then there is always the strong possibility of her having a variety, though as an emblem of marriage it was not Introduced by the Christian church, as many suppose. Before the introduction of coinage, the only circulation of Egyptian gold was in the form of rings, and the Egyptian, at his marriage, placed one of these rings of gold on his bride's finger, as a token of entrusting her with all hitsprdperty. In our marriage cere mony we but follow this custom. Some of the birthday rings are won derfully unique, the various lucky stones being set lightly on tiny wire of gold. Friendship rings are less popu lar than of yore, though occasionally one sees them worn by a loyal devotee of, the pretty old custom. The lover's knot is the most common, being either in silver or gold and very slender. The Fede ring presents several fea tures of interest, being composed of two flat hoops, accurately fitting each' within the other,. and kept in place by a corresponding projection on either ex treme edge, so that the two form, to all appearance, one body. A name is engraved on eachb.'or a line of a distich in old French. The idea being, should the two friends sepa rate, each could wear a single hoop (as they are easily separated), and thus be a means of recognition when again' compared. The quaint, old-time hair rings are no longer seen: their oddity was more noteworthy than their beauty; they are "heirlooms" in every sense. It would seem odd in so small a thing as the' wearing of gold rings, yet in the olden days there were various laws held by the Romans as to' the wearing of these Jewelled baubles. Tiberius made a large property qualification necessary to thier wearing; the right was giver to old Roman soldiers by Severus. The only ornaments worn by the knights under Augustus were ancient rings of Iron. which were later held as a badge of servitude, an express decree of the State being necessary to rightfully wear a solid gold ring. Ambassadors to foreign missions were invested with golden circles as a mark of great respectability; these were is sued by the treasury with much cere mony, not even the senators being al lowed to wear them in private life. The earliest use of rings and the form which they most generally took was of the nature of a signet, and was used to give authenticity to documents be fore the art of writing was known to any but professional scribes. But they soon became symbols of power and au thority, and we remember the Duke in Twelfth'Night sent his ring by V'ila to his mistress Olivia, as a token that all power was designated to the holder of the ring. This signet was used by mer chants as their own private mark, equl valent to our trade mark, and, more over, was the only form rings took for a very long period. A form of signets introduced into Egypt to the Etrus. cans was a gold swivel ring, mount. ed with a scarab: A curious form of ring found in Greek tombs are for the dead, a pro vision never made in these days; they are hollow and light, and set with round convex pastes: many of these were so thin that it was necessary to fill them with mastic varnish to pre serve their shape. Poison was inserted in the hollow rings of the Romans. A story is relat ed by Pliny that after the golden trea sure had been stolen by Craseus from under the stone of the Capitoline, Jupi ter, the custodian, to escape torture, broke the gem of his ring in his mouth, expiring immediately from the effects of the poison secreted in it. have been worn on ceremonial occas ions) is the Jewish `wedding ring of the sixteenth and seventeenth centu ries, being an elaborate structure. The bezel bearing a conventional 'represen tation of the ark, a temple with in scriptions in Hebrew characters on either side. A highly elaborate forn? of Jewish wedding ring has projecting sockets, from which hang small rings, a very cumbersome finger ornament. The cost of these rings must have been great; not only from the amount of metal used, but the exquisite work manship, on which account one would have been loth to see them consigned to the melting pot, as did the women of Prussia during the war of liberation In 1813, who, in lack of other coin, contri buted their wedding rings, receiving Int return those made of iron, bearing'the legend, "Ich gebe geld fur elsern;" The puzzle rings are ingeniously con trived, the four hoops comprising the ring being separate, and fall to pieces when removed from the finger.' These were the work of the old Indian gold smiths. Much of beauty and symbol ism is shown in the peasant rings. - Innocent III., in 1194, settled the fash ion of the episcopal ring, who ordain ed that it should be one of gold and set with one precious stone, on which no thing was to be cut. The annular 'n ger of the right hand is the one to bear this singularly symbolic orna ment, and bishops never wear more than one, though the portrait of .Pope Julius II. is represented as wearing six rings. According to Durandus, the Episco pal ring was symbolical af perfect ide lity, of the duty of sealing and reveal ing, and, lastly, of the gift of the Holy Ghost. A massive ring of bronze gilt. the square bezel ibeng set. with a 'green chalcedony and emblazoned with St. Marks in relief, on each side of the shoulders shields of arms, repesents a papal ring of the fifteenth centuiry, and was given by popes to new-made cardi nals. Another most interesting ring was the property of Alhastan, bishop of She borne, and was found at Llysfaen, In the north-east part of Carnarvonshtre, in 1773. It' is gold. and very massive, the hoop being formed of eight divi sions, alternately circular' and lozenge shaped, nielloed and inscribed "Albeta,." A ring. said to have been given by Charles I. to Bishop Juxon on the day of his execution, has the seintiment, "Rather death than fals fayth"' en graved on its bezel. ' Falstaff bojsts that in his youth he was "slender enough to creep into any alderman's ring," which shows that this style is dated from the fourteenth to the seventeenth centuries. Everyone knows of the poison rinrg of Demosthe nes, and the one by which Hannibal killed himself, with its hollow bezel fill ed with deadly poison. A ting used as a charm to ward off disease, and worn by the South Ger mans of tihe sixteenth century, is quaintly set with three wolves' teeth, the shoulders chased with two roses in relief.-"New York Mail and Express." 