The Storyteller. A PEARL BEYOND PRICE. Continued from Saturday's Issue.) CHAPTER Lin.r-{CpiUinut-iJ. _ «' Are you ready ?' whispers a voice, and the horribly incongruous:looking clerk comes bust ling out of the vestry, a* the smiling pew-owner dabs tbe ..hassocks about, and then ?smoothers herself down, aod smirks at everybody, as she wonders how much the wedding will be worth to her. ' Shall I tell them to come ?' says the clerk again, smiling so mat you can see me two yellow teeth in his top jaw, and tbe one and a half below. '? They're waiting to come and begin !' Thtee remarks, of course, relate to theclecgy men in the' vestry, who are warming their boot toes as they sund in front of the fire, like tbree ghosts in white, and discuss tbe amount of the Vininps' fortune, and talk of Laura Bray's lucky hit. But as the questions are put in a general fashion by the clerk, no one conceives it to be his duty to answer, and consequently there is a dead silence ; and now Laura feels, as it were an icy hand slowly passing towards that heavily throbbing heart of hers, nearer and nearer, as if about to clutch it, only holding off for a few moments to add to her torture in that dreadful pause, broken at length by an ominous whisper that runs through the length and breadth ofthe church : 44 Where is the bridegroom ?' That pause roust have lasted some thirty seconds ; but to those in waiting it 6eemed an hour. Laura's eyes now were not cast down, but flashing fiercely, and tbe hand at her heart — the icy cold hand — bow moved as if to clutch it, when she drew a long sighing breath of relief; for though hurt at the apparent neglect, she was once more elate and proud, for a voice at the entry was beard to cry : t4 Here they come !' and overbearing the whispers of the expectant crowd, could be heard the rapid beat of gallop ing horses and the whirl of wheels. ' They're a coming down the road as hard as ever they can gallop,' whispered a man at one of the windows which commanded the way to Blandfield. ' But is it them ?' said another, aloud. ' Them S Of course it is \ chariot and four ; blue and silver. And, my word, how they are going it!' It was an insult, certainly, his not being there in time— a cruel insult to hi6 bride elect ; but Laura would forgive anything, for he had much to forgive in her, she whiRpered to herself. 'It's all right,' said Mr. Bray, nervously, looking at his watch.' ' *' Blandfield time is always correct ; but this church clock is a perfect disgrace, although we are so foolish as to set our watches by it. Here he is. though !' . P.hAAvinlrT frnm thf» hnrc ? rrnllnnmrr hnrsps: Jjexvillc as fast as four well bred horses could tear. Away it went, swaying from side to side on its springs faster and* faster as the horses warmed to their work, and those nearer to the door ran out into tbe churchyard. 41 They've taken fright and run away ?'The horses were too fresh : they've done no work lately.' *? Why didn't they have post-horses from the Lion ?' ' Sir Philip and Master Charles were both in it !' ' They weren't ; there was only one J' ' I tell you the chariot w&sempty; !' ' Them two grooms have been at tbe 'a'l ale, that's about It !' ' Tbe carriage most be smashed !' Remarks jn a perfect, or rather imperfect chaos, succeeded one another as opinions were passed. But at last tbe news was taken to where, with the icy hand now clutching her heart, stood Laura, not fainting, but stern, pale, and erect, tbat there was nothing to fear, the grooms bad evidently been drinluog, and the norses had taken fright, but that the chariot \ras empty ! -» yes— yes, it'6 all right. Here they come cried a voice at the door ; and two bridesmaids about to faint, refrained—4' here's the barouche, and one, two ye3, there's four inside.' And once more there was a buzz of expecta tion. Such an accident coaldn't have been helped, of course : borses would be restive some times ; but it was hard on the poor bride. But, , ail the same, those who took mote interest in the smashing of a carriage than tbe linking together of hearts, set off at a brisk ran down the High Street. CHAPTER LIV. RESIGNATION. There was a look of calm resignation on Charley Vining's face as he met his father at their early breakfast that morning, to which be bad descended without a trace of excitement. He was certainly carefully dressed, his dark blue morning coat and vest, and gray trousers fitting his fine figure admirably, while the utter want of constraint displayed, told of breeding as plainly as did his well-cut handsome features. Well might Sir Philip gaze with pride in his son's face, lit up now by the pleasant smile of ; greeting; and even be, the smooth, cleanly shaven old courtier of a bygone school, owned to himself that it would be a sin and a shame to cut off even a hair of the crisp, golden beard t rnt swept down upon his son's breast. Charley's face was paler now than when we first met him. I he ruddy tan had disappeared to leave his skin pure, fair, and soft as a w iman's ; but there was no 6hoiv of effeminacy t tere. His firm look of determination swept that away, and he was, indeed, that morning a b 'idegroom of whom any woman might havebeen proud 41 A good half-hour yet,' said Charley, referr ing to his watch. '4 1 shall bave a cigar in the s'irubbery be/ore we start, dad.' And he nodded to his father and the friends who were to accompany them. ' Shall you have both car riages?' 44 Yes, my dear boy— yes !' nxdaimcd Sir Philip, nervously, as his snuff-box came out as if by instinct. u But, Ch irley S' he said, in a whisper, 'you won't —I don't think I'd smoke this ?? orning!' 44 Kot smoke, dad !' laughed Charley. ' Why not ? Perhaps as soon as the knot is tied I may fafi forbidden.' 44 Stuff, my dear boy ! But this morning, think 'f the odour— the ladies, Charley — the ladies !' ?? My dear father,' laughed the young man, t\u'\ vs Wrrily, 'suiely you are not going to sprinkle thut elaborate frill.~with snutf. Think, -la»i, dm Indies— the ladies!' 44 Go and have your Hitvannu,' laughed Sir Philip. ' I daresay the li«:sh air will take off the smell ' *? You'won't sinokc, of course?'' said Chaitay to his friend*, 44 Oh. no— not this morning, thank you,' said one. ' WVJJ pay attention io your boxes when we coine hack. Charley nodded carelessly, strolled out in his wedding trim, 6tood upon the broad facade, and lit a cigar, and then walked slowly down towards the avenue. *? Mind, Charley, at half-past ten precisely. Don't forget the carriages !' cried Sir Philip; throwing? np a window as his son passed j ??All light 1' said Charley, quietly; and the j next instant be had disappeared amongst the j trees. * I (To he continued in Saturday's issue. ) j 