THE STORYTELLER. 'PWIP ATTfTnWKT ATP1 TWTi!' ,: ??;?. - ? spTjTHf:;'--V.' ..'?' CHAPTEK XXYII.. ' It was the Sunday night after the dis covery of the murder of the unfortunate watchman at Charliou House, on the previous one. . The manufactory, as we have formerly observed, was built near an old mansion of that name. The family resided in tb,is house, whichi was separated by ornamental grounds and a plantation of verv ancient trees, from the buildings erected for the paper mill. Beyond these there was a tract of wild common, bordered by the hop plantations of an extensive grower who farmed under the Sidneys. Corn had for a , long time period been superseded throughout the district by the culture of this more valuable bitter. Bat in the midst of the acres of hops that extended a good day's ramble round Chailton, still stood the remains of a windmill that had once, found full employ mnt in converting the harvest of the neighboring country into flour and laieal. Its occupation bad now been gone for nearly, half a century, and the place had been so long untenanted by beings of .flesh and blood as to have acquired the reputation of being haunted by others of less tangible and substantial make. Black Mill was its name, and there is more in a name than, the enamoured Juliet could bring herself to acknowledge. ; The first proprietor of the mill.. doubtless either pitched or painted his timbers of that color to bring it boldly out in relief as a point of attraction to the surrounding farmers. Time and decay contributed to keep it quite black enough to preserve its visible claims to the epithet. But if half the country-side stories were true, Black Mill had also a moral, or rather immoral, claim to the designation. . ? The ancestor of the family was declared to havej-een*a poor cottager that suddenly enriched himself by the murder of a pedlar who unadvisedly ventured to accept bis hospitality for the night j which pedlar carried an untold treasure in a stocking foot about hia person. . 'With the money thus acquired Leppard the first built the Black Mill. Ifr was never proved in any legal form, but the last possessor of this ill-got property was said to have ex perienced the truth, of the jingling proverb in style, Ill-got was indeed ill-gone, if — as was currently reported in the neighbor hood for many a long year after — the last old Leppard, Jeremiah John, was cast into the machinery of his mill while in -full whirl, by conspiracy of his own wife and children, and literally torn and ground to pieces. He was, however, a honible old wretch, if the stories told of him were to be believed, and richly deserved his, doom, but not from the hands that inflicted it. Perhaps this fearful parricide was merely a version, bestowed by country credulity and love of the dreadful, on an accident that might have befallen the old man, pro bably enough, without the aid of any such unnatural violence. He was a noted drunkard, and might very easily have fallen into the works while superintending their operation. His family unanimously witnessed that such was the case, and that he was alone at the time of the oatastrophe — else certainly there was no very clear reason why he could not have been saved, or at least rescued, before being literally pounded, flesh and bones, to the mass of hideous pulp which was all of Jeremiah John that remained to be interred in Brook churchyard. Bat people's suspicions inclined to the belief that a fearful crime had been com mitted, however incapable of legal proof. Under the pressure of that conviction, and of the changed cultivation of the district, the Leppard s were driven into exile, and not one of the same -now remained in that part of the country* They emigrated, it was believed, to a southern state of the American Union, where it was reported they turned slave-dealers on a large eoalo. But the pkco they had inhabited oou tinued long afterwards to be held as one accursed. It was shunned by all whom necessity did not take that, way ; and they were few, for Black Mill was remote from any high road. 'When the wind wao high on boisterous nights, it was said to set in motion a soli tary vane that still clung to the mill, and thereby the whole rusty internal machinery. Then shrieks as of an old man in a fearful death-struggle and suffering wero audible amidst the clanking and whirr of wheel and cog? hoppor. and clapper j and tho whole parricidal tragedy was believed to be tef enacted, with a continued, accession: at damned spirits, according as those of tha miller's unnatural children pissed, in tha process of time, from this, into the futu.ro state of existence. . , It was not every inhabitant of those - parts who would have known how to make his way to this evil spot through the ms?ea of the hop plantations surrounding- it. But a person who took himself thither on the evening we have mentioned from Oharlton —although; he adopted a very considerable circuit— seemed perfectly familiar with all the windings of the labyrinth. Young in years, but old in hypocritical villiany, Augustus ; Pophly had already found the desolate place an appropriate scene for some of his performances. '. It was lie who now stole, like a young fox already- craftier than his sire, through the brushwood, by a long roundabout, to the Black Mill. It was about three miles from Charlton. . Augustus started after nightfall on his ex* cursion, telling his mother , and the family at home that he was only going to the viU lage to learn if there were any news. It was dpik night when he arrived, if we except the scattered light shed by the stars. There was no moon. v Augustus reached the congenial soene, looking very pale, and panting as if hunted by some pursuer, a cold perspiration bath ing his visage. ' It was not very strange, either, that a coward should have done the brutal deed that placed him in such jeopardy. , He got over a stile in a half-fallen wall of rubble-stones, that formerly enclosed t&e; , mill-yard, and found himself under the shadow of the ruin. Euin it was ; only one of the vanes remained, which projected like some gigantic black finger pointing up' ward, and as it were menacingly, to the heavens. A portion of the lower founda tion—the mill was built on cross piles-^— had decayed away, and the whole struo« ture leaned on one side, and seemed .to in* tend going ' over some day bodily in that direction. Koofless outhouses, a garden choked with hemlock and other weeds, completed the dilapidated scene. ^ A wicked species of desolation was around the murderer indeed. ^ After a careful survey, Augustur began to whistle at first in a very timid pipe. Rather by habit than purpose he favored the silent scene with tbe blythe notes of ' Whistle, and I'll come to you, my lad.' It had _pfteu been his signal with poor, trusting Mary Eourke. There was. little cheerfulness in the present performance, however. But it was doubtless still meant as a summons. Augustas looked fearfully- around as he whistled, and seemed dismayed and puzzled at the silence that alone replied. 'Where can the drunken wretch - be 1 The whole day drinking at Jollie's beer shop they say. Can he have forgotten one appointment?' Etflecting thus, he was startled by a noise resembling the lifting of a wooden bolt in the interior of the mill. Looking towards it, he was still more struck with a red gleam that shone round a square wooden pane in the upper part of the. ruined structure, probably an aperture need of yore to admit air and light. It dis appeared almost before he could make certain it was really to be seen. ' ' The mad villain, has he taken up hifl quarters regularly, and intends to call attention by kindling a fire in this old murder-hole1? I wish I had a chance of setting him and the whole mill- in a blaze together. It would make a proper bonfire for him. Eourke,' he continued raising his voice in passion; 'why don't you come ? Here I am. What do you mean by playing at hide-and-seek with me?' ' Oh, Mr. 'Gustu8, is it you ?' exclaimed a coarse voice, and Augustus started to find that his ruffianly accomplice bolted up, close behind him, on the other side of the wall. 'Why, who elao did you expect it could be ?' returned the younger criminal, peevishly. 'The devil, -for anything I know-r-or . the ghost of the old murdered miller, which they say haunts hereabouts. I didn't like to come to over close quarters until I saw somebody.: else of flesh and blood to the fore,' eaid Eourke. Augustus thought in his own mind that he lied. He was convinced, from the light ho bad seen, that tho discarded overseer had taken up his domicile in the ruin, as a good place for prowling and concealment. He knew Rourke bad received a peremp tory notice to quit from the cottage in Brook where he and his daughter lodged. The latter only was permitted to remain' Until her father provided himself and her with another asylum, at the earnest request of her youthful patroness, Mies Sidney. The younger desperado conceived that it x- would be a good occasion to retrieve some credit with the bolder ruffian, who he was aware held a very slight opinion of his resources in that respect. . ?'» Well, I am solid enough, I should sup pose, to satisfy you. Let us go nearer the mill, that we may make certain no. one overhears us,' he said. 'Be haoged, if I don't think we are quite near enough, Mr. 'Gustus,' said Bourke, whose brawny frame quivered as he spoke. ' I have already bad a turn to night, for as 6ure as my name's Patrick Bmrke, I saw a long, lean figure dressed ell in white like a miller go up them steps into the mill, or may the nest drop I swal low choke me.' . 'You have already had one too many, and see visions, man. . You taunt me with want of nerve ; lot us see now which of us has the . stouter heart, afcer all.' And Augustus descended from the stile and Walked deliberately up to the mill. '* Nerve — what the -devil's that ? Bat I'll go as far as the best man in England, waB it into a furnace of fire,' said Rouft?, in, a hoctoring and bullying tone, that nevertheless did not quite conceal a quaver ing of resolution. Bat; making an effort he jumped the shattered wall, and stumbled drunkenly over the loose stones and rub bish to where Augustus had stationed him self. -?? ? .- This was direotly under the wooden flap or shutter the latter had seen lighted up in the mill. ' Well, now, Patrick, where's the ghost ?'' . eaid the younger villain, 12 rather a soof \- ?'. fing tone. He felt proud of his moral ? , superiority (such he flattered himself it was) ~ , over the burly ruffian atbis side. ' I can't say, as lone; as I don't see 'em,' replied Patrick, gruffly. ' I think we may be certain no one in the flesh can creep up and listen to our conversation without our seeing him, here ; at the; same time the shadow of the mill *'-.* prevents any one from seeing us,' said ? „- Augustus, and the conveniences, pointed \- , - out, spemed certainly . secured by their ' - position. They stood now under the slanting cross piles on which the windmill was raised, with the decaying beams and timbers _., ready, as it seemed, to fall upon them overhead. ' I- don't suppose anyone oan,' said Bourke, regaining bis usual savage tone. '? Well, now, Patrick, listen to what I am going to say to you.'. ' Bnt how about Mary, first 1 Are you a-going to .marry her?' interrupted the ruffian, in a hoarse and threatening voice. 'Certainly X am. But don't you see how necessary, itf is at this moment that her condition and maltreatment should seem to be Frederick's offence ? No one will be lieve him to have become a complete wretch all at once — so they tell me that old fopl, Parday, said. And unless wo can show that be has done other things nearly as bad, how ever oan we get people to be lieve he has committed the murder ?.'' 'You. want to fix it upon him tbat you may yourself marry your rich cousin, and let Mary go to, the work-house 1' 'What a strangely suspicious man you , ' - are, Patricks— I tell you I love Mary, and I don't care a pin for Caroline ! Even that little vixen, her cousin, I should pre fer Ao her— she is too superfine a young * lady for me. And to let you into a secret, she has refused me already, I don't know how many times, almost from the days when we were children together. Now don't get excited — I never cared the least about her ; but she has a large fortune, and my mother -insisted on my trying to ~ - keep it in the family. It is that which will put her so outrageous if she hears a breath of ray fulfilling my promise to Mary —which, however, I solemnly declare I in tend and will;' .' We also used to say that on rent day, in Ireland, - when we meant a shot from a ?.hedge-side instead,' returned Patrick Rourke, with a brutal laugh. ' Won't do, \ MaBte.r' Augustus — must have a better bond tb^an your word for it.' .'You shall have all you can possibly re- \- quire. Let Mary go to London secretly — aerif she had .tramped off to join him — and ? - I ;will follow her there the moment I can without exciting suspicion, and marry her.' ~'Fair promises— but what dependence can be placed on you ?' V'I will give her — give you fortoer — a written promise of mariia«e,'said Augustus,' confiding in the fact that he was a minor. *.'*Arid if you will assist me in baffling the possibility.: of a discovery J wjll fulfil 01; ...il...^,iT1«-iiin.mrijiHiiiiim'riNHM,iiniiiiiir^»»{i»Mi»apMOMWlw»a»Ma^mMM promise as surely aa I would shun the rope.' ' How now ; what ie to be done now ? Is there any danger of discovery?' said Bourke, iu a considerably mollified tone. ' Not at the moment. Bat, don't you see, my dear fellow, if Frederick cornea back, he will put down all our inventions by the sheer force Of truth. You know he paBsed us as we were entering the cn oloBure at the manufactory. He will be sure to remember that, and who we were, when he hears what happened afterwards.' ' ''? It will do him no good j we can easily say he only pretends all that to get himself out of the scrape.' 'But there is Caroline's testimony in his favor — and there are other things. I can't easily get rid of my great coat, you know, just at present, and the sleeve is a sad sight — quite sopped in the poor old devil's blood. I have locked it up in my mother's plate-room, which she never al lows anyone else to enter — but if Fred -were to make a story up, search might come to be made, and all discovered. And don't think I'll hang alone, Patrick. It was you that in a manner forced me to do it, and depend upon it you shall ba in for your share of the wbole reward ' ' It shan't come to that, Mr. Pophly ; don't put yourself in such a fanteeg Hasn't Master F/ed gone off, and won't he be afraid to think of returning, when he hears what he's suspected of?' said Bourke, not a little alarmed at the declaration. ' It's the very thing he will do, at once return to clear his character aV every risk. Bat if I could put you on his track, don't you think, Patrick, you could- ? -' '* Cut his throat to hinder his blabbing ? Do you want me to do that for your old schoolfellow?' said even 'his ruffnn, with manifest disgust. 'No; but I want you to place about him evidence that will convict him, in spite of all that he can allege; so ihat if he dares to return to vindicate himself, or is brought back by the police, he may not have a chance at extrication,' returned the young assassin, whose hatred of Frederick wa3 now further stimulated by the neces sity of sacrificing him to his own preserva tion. ' How can I do that ?' ' You must manage to place these bank notes in his possession — they are a portion of the plunder of the iron safe at Char It on you assigned me. John Purday (the cautious old miser !) knows the numbers, though Frederick forgot to put them down, and they are of no use except to detect the robber. You have all the hard gold, you know, and ought to do much more for it— - besides securing such a wealthy son-in-law as I shall some day prove.' ' Well, you're a knowing lad, to be sure, if you are not a very brave one,' said Pat rick, with a grin. ' But how the dickens am I to do it? How am I to find out where he is?' -' Go to Dover after you have set Mary off. I am very much mistaken if you don't find him at Simon Neil's cottage there. Simon Neil is an old fishermau who has a hut under Dover cliffs, and I have heard, is suspected of being in league with Jerrold's smugglers. Good heavens ! what noise is that?' 'Only a piece of the old wood-work giving way above, with your loud talk,' said Rourke. ' But how do you know ho has gone where you say ?' ' Shanks, the waiter at the Warden's Arms, often wondered what Mr. Claridge and Frederick could have so much to talk about— and so did I — and I instructed him to listen. So on one occasion he heard Claridge say, if ever his young friend was in any difficulty he was to have recourse to him, and that he could always hear of him at Simon Neil's. Shanks, like a fool, was going to put the constables at once on the track ; but I persuaded him (he is a very greedy raaoal) to wait till there's a reward offered. However, now ho is turned off in disgrace by old Piioj,' most likely, as he is a bitter, bad- blooded man, he will think re venge sweeter than money, and tell what he knows. So you see we have very little time to lose.' ' None at all, at all,' muttered Bourke. ' But won't it be a pity, too, to lose all the value of the notes ?' ' „ 'Why, if he could be got well off, made to ruin himself by j lining the smugglers, for example, we . might still try what we could do with them abroad,' said Augustus. ' That would complete the destroying of bis character, you know, and Jerrold's vessel is very likely on the coast just now. I heard some revenue officers telling old Price so 'the other nigbk ,1 know yon cm't frighten or cajole him into running for it j but you may his friends, if he hjig got any, into taking bits, even against hfa will, oat of the way of danger. In any case, Bourke, you must find some means to put the notes in his possession. Perhaps you might pretend they were sent for his use by John Purday, taking care that no one else hears you eay so. Or, stay ; it will drive him more desperate if you give out that Caroline sends them as the price of her letters which he has returned, and of his releasing her from- the promise of marriage. For, do you know, the beggar had actually got her to make one to him; — the wealthiest heiress in the county, Then there's the watch, the old man's wretched silver frying-pan ticker, you know, you can say that .'Matthew Price looked it up as a keepsake for him/ and he'll take it with joy. It can ba of little value to you, or if it is, I'll pay you the utmost you can think it worth.' ...???' ' I've buried it, at leas'', shoved it into a haystack that's not likely to be cut for a good while,' said the older conspirator. 'Very well; you can easily take it out again. And you can induce him the more readily to trust in your representations,' continued AugU3tus, bitterly, ' because he knows you are 'Mary's father, and thinkB you must be my enemy ; whereas, forsooth, he took upon him to be her champion, and lectured me at a fine rate on my behaviour to her.' 'Did be, though ?'\ said Rourke, rather remorsefully, but the better feeling only prevailed for an instant in his thoroughly debased nature. ' Well, I don't much like him myself; he was always pretty high and glom with me, though I don't think he split about my being drunk those two or three times he found me insensible in the press-room,' he observed. ' But he told me I was more of a brute than a man, and that he only spared me for my children's sake. Drunk as I might be, I remember how contemptuously he looked and spoke at me. Well, sir, for Mary's sake, and for the sake of her poor child, that it may be born a rich young gentleman or lady, and not be forced to get itself hanged for a living, I'll do what I can in the way you mention.' ; 'There is not an instant to be lost; then,' said Augustus, with ill-disguised impatience. ' Ay, but don't think you're a-going to do me, Master 'Gusty,' continued Rourke, with insolent familiarity. 'I must have the written promise of marriage.' ' To give to Mary— yes.' 'To show to Mary, that I may get her toco to London; but to keep about my own person, to make sure you won't play me any clever trick of your own, Master 'Gusty.' Rourke was clearly of opinion there was not very much honor among thieves. ' Oh, for that matter, you can arrange it between you as you like best,' said the younger rogue, striving not to seem vexed br disturbed. 'Here is the packet of notes, worth fifteen hundred pounds in any other hands but ours.' Rourke stretched out his hand eagerly, and grasped the parcel. ' She shall go at once, and she will be best at a distance in reality. She takes Mr. Fred's part like a wild cat, and says it is impossible he could have done it. Be hanged, if I don't think she suspects me a precious sight more. than the accused party.' The ruffian grinned quite gaily as he said these words. He evidently thought himself rather jocose. ' Well, then, we had better part com pany now,' said Augustus, secretly dis gusted with the familiarity of his low asso ciate in crime. ' But where's the writing ? — the pro mise of marriage, sir ??' ' I have no means of writing one here, you know — and there is no time to be lost in the other affair.' ' But Mary won't go unless she sees the bond. She'll think its only a trick of ours,' said Rourke, pausing suspiciously. ' JNo. I must have it in black and while before I stir a stump.' ' How is it possible, Patrick ?' ' In black and red, then,' exclaimed Rourke, struok by a sudden thought ' We have paper— for you cau write on one of the bank notes; and its nuajber in old Purday's day-book .will be as good as the kingV etaj .to the contents. You i won't like a bond^ on such a parchment to be produced against you in a court jofjusr tice, Master. 'Gusty.v i As for a pen,! saw! a dead crow lying hereabouts,, and I al-, ways carry a good; sharp knife -with me, that would shave a mouse asleep, let alone make a nib to 0 quill. And we won't be to 6eek for ink either, and of the best quality, for. I'm a gentleman of; Morale *?'—' — ~»- ? ir ? ' *; jtt'*t- t''' blood in my own eounthry, and you shall have as. much of it as you'll want fop writing, if it was as. long as a chancery process. Here it is.' It was chiefly when excited by what he considered a brilliant idea that Rourke spoke with much of the Irish brogue, as on this occasion. Augustus was extremely unwilling to comply with his demand, but afraid of ex- ? citing suspicion, he acquiesced in it with- ,. out expressing any reluctance. Perhaps be hoped that Rourke would find his materials not easily adapted to . the pnr- . pose. But he was' mistaken. The extra ordinary pen, ink, and paper, were pro cured, and Rourke kindling a light by a ooatoh-box he always carried about him, burned half a dozen of the brimstoae'dips to aid Augustus in his task. ,' The latter rial on a stone, using his hat for a desk, while the ex-overseer knelt before him holding the flickering spills. What would have been the sensation of both, if they had observed the pair of straining eyes^that glared at them from a long, lean, yellow visage, like those of a '.' vulture stretching its neck for a downward swoop, which protruded from the hatch' ?- ' door in the mill above them. / J 'I promise to marry Mary Rourke ' sometime before the birth of her child, of . which I acknowledge myself' the father; on my faith and honor as a man and a . gentleman, making no excuse because I am under age. So help me God. Augustus . Pophlj.' . ' Rourke dictated the terms of the. . covenant, and dared to add tbe sacred. formula of an oath, by which it is probable he bad himself been already several times forsworn. At a future period it was ascer tained he had been convicted for perjury some years previously, respecting the lease of a small farm, on several counts of an in- . dictment. ' And now for the witnessing. There ought to be two — but one is better than none,' said Rourke, facetiously, and tak ing. up the pen in his turn. 'There are two,' said a dismal voice .'. from amidst the ruinous flooring overhead.. The pen dropped from Rourke's hand. ' ' The Lord in heaven preserve us ! did you hear that?' he exclaimed. ' s Augustus was speechless. ' fs it a human voice, do you think, sir?' Baid the Irishman. 'If it is — -' and he drew his inife. _ A deep groan interrupted him, and on a sudden the solitary vane of the windmill began to s'ir, and a lumbering creaking1 noise announced tbe commencement of the supernatural phenomena of the haunted mill. ' Mercy on us, there's another of them Leppards gone, and come to keep up the ' old charter,' exclaimed Rourke. ' Villain ! have you concealed some one there to betray me?'' gasped Augustus. ' IN 0, sir, but — — ' an appalling yell cut the ruffian short in. his asseveration— a yell that sounded like the ecreech of one in the direst agony and despair, about to be hurled to some terrific doom. And the cry was— Murder ! Murder ! . ? ??' . But before the second repetition of the horrible word vibrated on the stilly air around the haunted mill, the tweaccbra plices had scattered themselves as; it were to the winds, and fled in differeat'direc- ? tions*— neither knew whither.' '. . CHAPTER XXVIII. i/ ^ A few months before the tragical vbc« carrence we have detailed took placeuiu Brook, a rather remarkable it cident diversi fied the relations between Walter Graham. ; and his alienated father. Mrs. Graham was a lady whose mind was altogether above tbe prying and gossip not unusual in families whose near con nection has not drawn them together in bonds of friendly union. But she could not help taking notice of a piece of infor mation that came to her concerning Sir Richard Graham's movements, which she al so thought advisable to communicate to - her husband; Mrs. Graham was very well aware that' the entailed estates of her h riband's father had a lawful heir, in the person of Captain Graham's 'only son. But Sir Richard was the possessor of great wealth' besides, and being a mother, she had never ceased to ! hope he would at last frel his injustice to J his- younger son, and -restore him to his 'rightful share in his inheritance.' What she now learned seethed to place this ox pectation in more doubt than ever. 'Walter, love,' she said to her husband 'one evening when they wera sitting to : gather, after tbe lalo dinner Ins business . i engagements in tovrii rendered necessary, ;~ although they no longer lived jn Graen-i -V:- ?wich. They had a neat little box in St. John's Wood, elegant and comfortable in every respect, but entirely unostentatious, as ,befitted prudent people, of good income, but with a growing-np family. 'Walter, love.' . ' 'Well, Fanny, dear ?' The. husband aud wife were alill as fondly attached to each other as op their wedduig-day. True lovo is lasting. ' Mrs. Frampbon has had a visitor to day.' *? Sha is quite welcome, my dear. The no-followers rule don't apply to her, you know.' 'I was not thinking of that, Walter, of course ; I was thinking of something else. But perhaps I had better not tell you just now about it, it may be only silly servaut's gossip, and you look fagged enough already, dearest.' ' I am quite equal to sustain the shock of any intelligence from such a quarter, Fanny. It's nothing very dreadful, I suppose.' 'Well, no. I suppose it ought to be considered very cheerful news, as it is about ft wedding. I own I don't much admire i'., for the children's sake. They say your father is going to get married again.' 'Nonsense.' ' It seems so, but really they do say ao.' 'Why, you are dreaming, Fanny, surely,' said Walter Graham, considerably startled. ' At his age ! why, he is nearer seventy than any other figure in the mul tiplication table j and in my poor mother's time used often enough to be bo uncivil,. to say' the least of it, as to rail against matri ' mony, in general, as one of the most irksome institutions invented by man to enslave his own free will.' ' ? ''' 'The bad old fellow,' said Fanny with ?warmth. ' But those talkers are just the people to do what they pretend to. blame and repudiate the most. I own it does seem preposterous, yet I can't but think my information is to be depended upon.' ' Why, yon really seem serious, Fanny ; ?who can have told you such an absurdity ?' said Mr. Graham, with anxiety. ' I'll tell you, Walter, just how I heard it, in order that you may not attach more importance to the report than perhaps it deserves,' replied the affectionate wife. ' I am all attention.' ' I told you Mrs. Frampton had a visitor \- to-day. It was Sarah Hopkins, who used \- ' . to be housemaid under her at your father's Dulwich residence. Sarah, it seems, has lived in two or throe places since — spoiled, I suppose, .for other people by your mother's kindness and generosity— but at last she has settled more to her mind with a lady and gentleman who have a very fine ; villa at Kensington.' 'You don't mean to say that my father «i ** ' No, no, I am coming to the poiniin a minute, but these are necessary prelimi naries to understand the stcry properly. Besides, you know we ladies have a pre scriptive right to beat a very little meaning into as much gold leaf as possible, provided always, I am willing to admit, that what we expand so immeasurably is a grain of gold to begin with. Well, shortly after Sarah became housemaid at Colonel Camp down's the next-door vil'a was let, and it was taken by a widow lady of the name of Snodgraes.' '' Snpdgcaes ! Well, a nice smooth name it is, at a\l events. A widow lady ! Yon don't mean to say ? ' 'But I do — I am coming to it in a mo ment. The villa, It appears, is a very handsome residence, quite n't for a person . ' ' - of three or four thousand a year. Mrs. Snodgrass took it, and furnished it magni ficently. There was no end, Sarah says, of the vans and vans of goods arriving. And the furniture was all new — all from a celebrated West End upholsterer's, who also newly decorated the house in a most superb style It was quite the talk of the neighborhood — especially a fine pavilion which Mk. Sooiigrass added as a wing to the villa, for the purpose, it was said, of amusing herself with private theatricals, of .- which she is wonderfully fond. She keeps six servants, including coachman, footman, and page, and a very fine carriage, with two spIeadM greys, in silver harness of the most dashing description; and, in short, completely takes the shine out of the Camp down establishment, which, before her ad Tent, was looked upon as the glory of Fitzhauton Road.' '?Well, my dear, the?e may ba very in ? teresting articles of intelligence in that district, but really the ebbs and flows of Hamilton Terrace, or St. John's Wood Park, would be subjeote of more rational curiosity with us,' said Waltet Graham, gervQusly peeling an. ftl$Qpd »U the while. 'Oh, you don't know yet fiow the case stands,' replied his wile, who, notwithr standing the playful tone of her narrative, was visibly agitated. . ' Tell me, then.' 'AH thiB, of course, attracted a good deal of attention towards Mrs. Snodgrass. Sarah says she is a very good-looking woman, of about thirty, excepting that Bhe is a little meagre, and that her hair is a trifle more red than auburn. She is a very brisk, lively personage, and sharp as a needle, with remarkably bright eyes, and a quick, intelligent way of speaking. She speaks like a play actress, says Sarah, who, I suppose, imagines the fine language put into stage people's mouths — which half of them don't even understand sufficiently, when it is manufactured for them, to de liver correctly — is their proper and natural way of expressing themselves,' ' Well, my dear, but what is this fasci nating Kensingtonian to us ?' ' A very great deal, I am afraid ; at least, she may prove so, Walter,' said his wife, dejactedly. ' I can't well make out from what Sarah says — but it is given out in the neighborhood that she is the widow of some diplomatic gentleman, just come home from abroad. Yet I never heard oi a Snodgrass that was much distinguished that way. Did you ?'' ' I don't remember anyone, certainly — but perhaps he was a consul, or something of that sort ? '' 'They aro seldom so rich, I should think, as this Snodgrass must have been. Consuls are not allowed to be traders or merchants, are they, to make so much money?' ' No, bat they have all manner ef per quisites— in some out-of-the-way places, where there ris no one to .look too sharply into things.' ; ' Still this Mrs. Sno'dgr'asa don't seem as if she had ever lived in any hot country,. I hear ; and those wealthy snuggeries are seldom very far norta,' observed Mrs. Graham, a woman of. observation and muoh good sense. ' Perhaps the report is only raised to Rooount for Mrs. Snodgrass not being much visited. She lives iu her great house with her sis servants, almost alono, and is the sole performer in her pri vate tho^ricalQ, if she. has any, J( eliQ did'nc drive out every day for two or three hours in the park, and go twice on a Sun day, in state, to church, Sarah can't im agine how she gets rid of her time except ing in the evening. And every evening, it appears, an elderly gentleman, also in a very grand equipage, pays hei* a cere monious visit ot two hours' duration pre cisely—who is understood to be paying his addresses to this extraordinary Mrs. Snod gross.' ' Indeed— who is he ???' 'Sarah thought from the very first she knew him, although be is dressed op now quite like a young wooer, and she thinks has even had his grey hair dyed. But she is now convinced that it is your father, Sir Richard Graham.' ' My lather ! — his hair dyed !? — dressed up like a young wooer! What prepos terous nonsense.' ' Sarah is certain of it. It seems that Mrs. Snodgrass generally receives the old gentleman in her garden, and spends a good part of the time of each visit with him in the open air, in order that every thing* may seem quite correct and proper I imagine. There was a great, number of fine, shady trees on the widow's premises, but Colonel Campdown's back windows of course partially overlook her grounds, so that Sarah had plenty of opportunities of satisfying herself she was not deceived. But to puj the matter out of all doubt, it appears she made the acquaintance of one of' Mrs. Snot'grass's female servants. It would seem sho is not very popular in her household, as she is of a tyrannical and haughty temper, and wonderfully precise and punctilious in her requirements. From this girl, who is the lady's maid, Susan learned positively that the visitor is Sir Richard Graham, the great banker, and that he is courting her mistress — and has even made her an. offer, which she has ac cepted. Tn fact, they are only waiting until Mrs. Snodgrass has completed two years of widowhood, which she considers due to the memory of her late husband — which will be the case in a month or two.' Walter Graham could hardly bring him self to credit this intelligence. 14 It must be impossible, my dear ! How old (Jo you eay-tbie Mf9, ffoodgraeg in ??tlflligbMQ ?!»??' ???: V u About thiity.' j ' Quite a' young woman— and good looking, you day ?'? ' With the exception of the color of her hair,' said Mrs. Graham, whose own -was - the finest glossy auburn in the world. ' '-' ?„? , ?! ' And rich — five or six servants — a oar- - ' riage and silver harness —young1; ricti, handsome, and gay— think of marrying a L '- ' morose old man like my father?1' ' - Jj ' He is so excessively rich, you know — or at least she will think him so, not knowing about poor Frederick having been left an heir to the entail.' ' But Fanny J I can't bring myself to believe it. What should she want with more money than it appears she must have already ? Has she any children ¥'? ' None whatever ; she has bad two, but they died.' 'Dear me, can the ridiculous old man ' think— does he really intend to disinherit our children, Fanny, for the sake of a ' , stranger 1 Frederick's son he cannot. It is a just retribution upon him. It was the price he paid for the destruction of my poor brother's earthly happiness.' ' ' But, Walter, taking all things together, don't you think it more likely this .widow is some artful adventuress, who has con trived a plan to cheat your father into a marriage with her V - . 'Whatever makes you think so, Fanny r ' ' '?' Several little things, not worth detail ing to you, which Sarah gleaned from the other girl; trifles, you know ; but we women are great calculators in bur own style, and can weigh mountains from hand fulls of the earth as well as you profound - - « , mathematicians of the male sex. I can't help thinking there is something — not quite the thing about this Mrs. Snodgrass.' ' Well, if my father don't know better than to make a fool of himself at hi3 - - . age ? ' ' But remember, Walter, our children will be the chief sufferers,' interrupted Fanny Graham, with warmth. \- 'How can I prevent it, my dearest? You speak in a tone as if I really had the power,' said Mr. Graham, rather pettishly, ' for he was much vexed with what; he had heard. . . 'You might, at least, leave Sir; Richard no excuses for his conduct, perhaps satisfy, him that the object he may have in view cannot be accomplished,' replied the wife, laying her hand soothingly on her husband's arm. 'His landed property has already an heir, whom he cannot deprive of it, and you might let him know of it. Young Frederick only wants a few months of. hia majority, and from what I have seen .'and. heard of his character, I am sure . Sir Richard can no longer exercise any eyU influence on his career. The revelation- ' will become absolutely necessary In a. Very short time, and why not now, when it may - ' be the means of turning Sir Richard him self from the absurdity he meditates ? Or if this woman is in reality a person of good . fortune and position, willing to sacrifice herself to establish both on a more exten sive basis, she will be induced perhaps to retract when she perceives for how muoh less considerable a price she was about to yield her independence- to a man old enough to be her father, and for whom it is impossible she can entertain any regard but such as is prompted by mercenary and ambitious motives.' ?'; ' But how can I communicate with him % The only letter I have written to him since our marriage he returned to me un opened. And' as to seeing him — after the uncalled for and most unnatural maledic tion he cast upon me when I was In hia presence, Baving as a stranger, when wa have happened on any publio occasion to cross each other's path — my dear girl, I really don't think I could muster firmness . '? enough to go and tell him coolly, and calmly how I have beaten him at his own game, with Frederick's heir.' ' It would not be easy, indeed, Walter, : but ? ' 'Besides, how do we know but Sarah may be mistaken?' lam sure it is quite impossible my father would ever be bo ab surd as to dye his hair to please any woman ?' : 11 Men, especially old men, dear Walter, . 5 do many absurd things to please women) .- you know. We are such absurdities onr- ?: selves, it is often the only way, perhaps,' '?* imid Mrs. Graham, playfully. (- But I ' have thought of a moans of ascertaining the fact. Your father always arrives punctually at 7 o'ciook at this widow's, after business hours, you know— and I al most recognise him in that formal piece of ; preoision alone. Now, it so happens thatl - * one of my pehoolfellows at Turnbara Groan married ft Mr. SaodgjoBs, yrija. wae a Item yA\ that he died on a remote service, and I \ ? ?* have entirely lost sight of poor Matilda r,V- evit since. Couldn't I oasily pretend that r-'' I thought ib possible the Kensington Mis. ^~ ' -Snodgrass might be my Mrs. Snodgrass, ,*', ' and call, just about 7 o'clock, to request '-/' ' ' 'the honor of an interview with her ? ' „? ? ' ' Why, perhaps ib might be your Mrs. -V'~ . -BnodgrasB, Fanny ?' eagtrly observed her ,y ? JiPflband. ^ '' 'Ob, no, that is quite impossible; \- . . neither she nor her husband had any -*' - money, nor the likelihood of any — ours was pot a very grand seminary of the sciences, ; ~ you are aware. Besides, she was a tall, roay-eomplexjoned girl, and had hair that was almost as jet black as our own little Fanny's. And to suppose that, on the other hand, she could have become a worth less intriguant and an adventuress in the I space even of twenty years — -is really al ? ? most a personal affront to me, Walter, for :- - * Bhe was one of my dearest friends, and the ? ( .' ' honestest and best hearted croature I ever knew.' i - „ ' Well, but if even you get to see the ?I ~ ' Mrs. Snodgraes who can never have been your Matilda, and my father,, fcoo, what result will follow ? You don't know him personally from the one or two casual glimpses you have caught of him, do you V . ' No, bat I shall fiad whether it really '- , is Sir Eichard — see how they Jjehave to each other a little, perhaps, and form my own judgment from everything I see. It is of some advantage after all, that he so much disdained our association in his . family. He will not recognise me, and I can annoucce myself as a Mrs. Belton to the Widow.' \- Walter Graham felt rather averse to this r.eumptiou of a name which had oeased 1 to !. be that of his wife. He had a still stronger ? r - repugnance to exposing her to the possi bility, of contact with a woman who might ,► ' - jnove very unfit society for one of .virtue atidJ characttr. But he had every con '^ fil'ence in the discretion of his wife, and felt 'the importance of ascertaining as -,- '___ speedily as possible how much was well founded in the suspicious circumstances *' brought to his notice. ( ^Accordingly, on the followiug day, with ', the-tfull .permission of her husband, Mrs. (graham set eff, in their modest one-horse , ^ bjrbugham, on her excursion to Kensington. {To be continued ) ' 