THE BATTLE OF YALU RIVER. TERRIBLE COWARDICE OF CHINESE OFFICERS. —Strand Magazine. It was on the morning of September 17th, 1894, said Captain M'Giflin, that wE first sighted the Japanese flest. Our squadron—under Admiral Ting Ju Chang —had arrived at. tho mouth of the Yale River, in convoy of transports, the day before. The disembarkation of the troops, which took place fifteen miles up the rivor, occupied the whole of the nights Next morning—Monday, thp 17th—each ship went to general quarters, and. we were busy exercising the crows at the ; guns, when tho Japanese fleet came in sight. It was a beautiful day, with a gentle breeze, and wo could seo and count the number of their ships distinctly. As soon as we saw tho - enemy, and before they sighted us, we up anchor and start’d after them. As they were steam ing ahead, and wo lying st : ll, they made more smoke than we did, and so we got sight of them before they perceived us. But when we started’ in pursuit, they were immediately made aware of our presence by our increasing plumes of smoke. For a while they seemed to hold off, reconnoitring. They must have known that we had six torpedo boats nod 1 four gunboat*, besides* our regular squadron, and they consequently thought wo wore oven more formidable than we really were, because tho torpedo-boats, and (he gunboats were up the river; and of the lot only two of the former joined us during the battle—and that when it was half over. While thus reconnoitring us, continued M'Giffin, they were going parollel to our squadron, and, to the eyes of Commodore Lin, seemed to bo steaming away from us. 1 shall never forget the effect tho sight had upon tho poor fellow. We were on the bridge together, and upon seeing them, as he thought, move away, bis face bo* came beaming, and he. cried out, in English—he had previDasing been speak ing in Chinese—cl *pping his hands to gether and striding along the bridge as he did so, Goddam, they retire ! Goddam, they retire! I said, They do nob mean to go away, captain. Wo shall have our fight. I was on the bridge . taking the range when the action began, and all through the action I had little chance of seeing what was going on beyond tho fighting of our own ship. I had time to admire the enemy’s line of battle. Bub there was hardly time to admire the beauty of tho scene before I was made nwnre that the action had begun in earnest.by the Ting Yuen opening fire. We followed suit a minute or two afterwards, and tho Jnps soon Replied to our music. It was curious to see tho effect upon our officers. A shot passed over us : if was only a ricochet; but it was enough to put all • ho fight out of tho major part of them. Indeed, I may say that hardly one was seen after that. I saw our navigating lieutenant, a Foochow man—all acowardly lot—disappear, pale ns a ghost, from tho starboard turret at the second shot. 1, had occasion to give him a bit of mind, or, rather, of my foot, a lit 1 le later. Some thing had gone wrong with the training engine of one of tho turrets, and I was obliged to go down into the artnoured place below to put it lo rights. , As I was getting down, somebody caught hold Of my legs and tried to stop mo, shouting out, There's no room for any more here— you must go somewhere else to hide. I .looked down and saw the navigating officer and some half a score more crouch ing there in mortal fear. I was so mad with tho navigating lieutenant that I l«-t him have one in tho.chesb with my foot., knocking all the wiod’out of him. They lob me go down after that, and so 1 was. enabled to put the engine to rights. No wonder the Japam-s) wore victori- ’ ous with such a foo. But evmi this was not the worst, for Qap'ain M‘Gilfia found Commodore Lin—commander of tho right wing, and his senior officer on the Ch**n Yuen—in an evemstill more degrading position than his officers. Every nowand then I heard, a strange noise in the conning-tower, below me, said the captain; it was more like the" howling of a dog than anything else I can liken it to, and I was very curious to know what it could be. However, I had not lime to inquire then. But after a whijo I had occasion to go down into tho conning- tower, in order lo fight the ship when, lo my ton is h moot, who should I sec but my worthy captain! He was lying grovelling oh his stomach, jabbering as fast as he could in Chinese—praying, in fact praying and cursing in the same breath—and every time a shot struck the ship he howl-d like a dog. I shall never forget the, eight, nor tho sound, as Ipng as I live, I felt inclined to kick him; although I didn’t. But j althrough' the (n,agement.JL knew when'a shot had struck us by his howls, though I otherwise I was too much taken up with the fight to have noticed tho impact of the shots. . As to the 'fighting of the Chou Yuen, said Captain the worst risk we ran was when'she got on fire forward. I was io the conning tower, from whonco 1 had been issuing orders, when a firo broke out in the-supor-structuro over tho fore cast lo. It had made.a considerable head way whon I gave orders for a line of hose to-be run but.. We were then in the hottest of (ho light, and the mon refused to go unless ian'officer led thorn. There was only one willing to unde; take tho job —the gunnery lioutmant in tho port barbette, a fine plucky follow; but we could not spare; him on: account of bis knowing s© many Cainese dialects, and so I had to go myself. ’ A number of men volunteered to follow m°. We bad no sooner reached the forecastle than tho awful fire of tho enemy's guns began to tell upon us. Oho after another my moo were fairly torn br pieces. A shot from a rapid-firing gun actually passed between my legs, wounding both wrists in its passage, and carrying away the bxil of my coat. I-was bending over pulling up a boso at the lifne. A shell hit the towpr, and, as it burst A piece’struck' mo. I ha£ just reraovcd ifc when I received another wound in nlmosttijesame place, and from , (he sattib cause, * ,.Ab we were being peppered by three of the enemy’s ships at close quarters on the’ port side;- one on the . star-, \- .board,and 'one right ahead ; but the one on the poit side, was doing the most mischief, and so the men at the two starboard guns ordered to, turn their guns round and try'to silbnce the ship that was pressing us so bard on the pot t side. To do, this, of coarse,, tboy bad to fire across the fbrebastle. When, therefore, I and the men ;wbo had volunteered tb’ go - with ; me to put but the fir.o , were v about to go forward; I prdered tjhe head gunner at tbe T starhoard/battery to ooase Haring at the vessel on tne port side, and direct his guns : at. the ship right ahead, otherwise they : WQuld .firbjupon us. But the instant-after I bad turned my back, a shot jcnocUed ,thq head gurifmrfcp.pjbctfy''an^-'..Vjhe,niiauT;wb<r: , know:' that'-we/had: gone forward, "find, ! kbejaln]g bis" guns' [ directed (o^artla^tfie ; ship pnstltoijsorb side/: ,bli&wHalj; r '|b^-)a« : were left off man '1>y my aide, indeed, was killvd. - At the - same time, a shot from ono of tbo enemy's rapid firing gone ripped across my body, cutting quite a gash, but not doing any serious injury. I was rendered uncon scious, hbwQ\or. Fortunately, I had fallen upon a hose that had been torn by n shot, and tho water spurting from the rent fell upon my face and revived me. . Oiptain M'Gifiln hero explained that the two guns wore six feet apart, and ho was lying ten feet in front of No 2 gun when No 1 went off. Tho flash of it, said the captain, was 1-ke an intense flash of lightning. It rendered rao unconscious so quickly that, though I was so near, I did not hear the report of tho gun. When I opened my eyes, I saw that 1 was right in front of the muzzle of the other starboard gun, and that my head was directly In the lino of fire. I watched the training of tho gun for a second or two; then, realising that in another instant it would go off and I should be blown to pieces, I threw my self over the side of tho super-structure on to tho deck below, a depth of some eight fact. As I fell the gun wont off I fell heavily upon my chest, and a lot cf blood gushed from my mouth, so that those who saw me thought I was dead, and loft mo where I was. I managed, however, to got round into tho super structure, near the shell-hoist. I hadn't been there long before a shot entered and smashed into tho uptake. 1 then asked two of the four men at tho hoist to carry mo further aft, so as to get away from the stench of tho sulpher, for I could not wolk. .We bad not moved far from the spot before n shell burst just where we had been,blowing the other two men at the hoist to pieces. Captain M‘Gifiin is si'll suffering from the wounds ho received on board the ■Chen Yuen, and he thinks that ho will continue to suffer from them as long as ho lives. When in England there were I still pieces of shot lodged in tho flesh of his left side and l-*g, which kept tho wounds from heeling. Within the circumference of about a foot ho seems to, have been struck by at least from forty to fifty pieces of shot or shell. How he oven cabao out of the engagement alive is a mibacle. Our men, said he, considered that I had a charmed life. In addition to the wounds, his clothes got on fire, nnd ono of his eyes was badly injured, so that during the latter part of the notion ho was nearly blind.- 