THE MAIN SHE FOUND. /When Violet Lingard announcd that she was going in for literature there were those among us who scoffed. Violet was so alarm. ingly pretty, one would never suspect her of possessing brains. She was one of those girls with alluring faces-the sort of heaute-du-diable of which Ouida is always writing, eyes of most unholy blue and lips which could smile a man's enol away. A fascisting minx with the most !graceful and winning manners ; a being of moods, tender, repellant, kindly and icy by turns, she had created havoc and strewn devas tation wherrver her dainty feet had Irod. j Boddenly she wearied of the endless round of giety and fashion to which from her terns she had been accustomedl aod mazed her 'coterie by declaring her intention of writing Jealistio novels. Of course everyone said it was nmerely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it. I Her first novel attracted more than passing nolice. the was commendod for her original and audacious style, her clover plot and a cer tain dainty feminine touch. hoe was written about, interviewed ; her beauty and her talent were praised by the paragraphers and all the details of her luxurious life were brandished about the country. Fro:i being merely a typical society girl, a young wolnan of eleganre snd fashion, she suddenly became a somebody to be pointed out and stared at and raved about. '"T?his spasmodic adulation pleased Violet. She had always feasted upon flattery but now she revelled iu it. She threw herself into a life of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, land thought of nothlng but her miserable ambition. .-- /Local colouring came to he an absolute 'mania with her. She was always prating of " atmosphere" and "realism." One eso stand a lot of infernal nonsense fron a pretty woman, but really poor Violet often groew nactually tiresono with her endless rhapsodies almut " the divinity of realietm." / It was just after publishing her second novel, a combination of ingenuity nued wickedness, a smartish, brackish story you wouldn't have liked your sister to write, that the girl decided to go to the far We at in search of "local colour" for her next attempt. " Yet," she drawled with the fine lady air of disdain she had oesumed since her success, " yes, I asn going in search of local colour and a hero. I may take a cowhoy for the latter who knows They'h tell inn those fellows are delightfully original and as breezy as the winds from the Rockies." .- .. SShe made up her mind sho hadl not been misinformed when a month later, she met Jack Weatherby. ta I Weatherby was a child of the plains. He had never been east of tile Mlississippi andt had an inflnite contempt for the Irnd of the rising sun. ' lie had hunted for a living; he hadl been a cowboy and raised as much of a rumpus itl mining cnamps as the next fellow. Now he owned his own tanlch and herds ; had settled ldown sonlewhat and had begun to think lihe would like a wife and home. He was hancldsome fellow, as fiery as the murstang he rode and as tender hearted as a woman-some women. tL His ranch lay in the shadow of the Sangre de rChristo range, next to that of the Atherton's, whorm the New York girl w.s stlopping. Its aerem stretched to the shadowy foot hills and ever them ronmel the sleek, well-fed creatures of which he was so iproud. It was two days lf ter her arrival that he saw her first. He had ridden over to see Tom Ather toll, the big muscular Engllshman, who was his ,particular crony. and had come down the trail with his customary "lHark" and " Whoop." As * though ridirng the sightless eouriersof the air,lIe (dashedI up to the little flower-garden, spurs and 'chains jingling, sombrero lapping, and letting out a yell which could hlave been heard in Den ;er. And there by tire side of pretty Mrs. (Ahtrton, sat a stranger, a vision, al angel. Ti-'he aslonished ranchman blnvltl anso stam soered like a school bey as he bowed awkwardly stand l apologised for is Apachelike descent. Vho was this divinity in palest pink, this radi ant creature with hair lke gold and eyes like 'heaven's own blue P " Mly friend, Bliss Lingsrd :rom New York," Mrs. Atherton said. Pl'haw l She wees a celestial being straight from Para idiso. I have always pitied Wealherhy. Never for one moment could I blame him. le was a Iprimitive man with savage instructs lurking in his breast. Brave, loyal, straightforward him 'self, how could be dream of the treacberous cruel blows one little soft white hand was capable of dealing. Violet found this sturdy,. brwny ranchero a delightful study, and decided that he should be tho hero of her next novel. Ilis quaint wit and !poetic fancies horn of the mesas of the moon tain, his forcible and often ungrammatical Ispeech was faithfullly nted : his emotions were iplayed uporn, his heart was probed. And he never dreamed he was being experimented on. !Ie loved this exquisite creature, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, as he loved his lilfe. Hto coveted her apd longed to shut her close to his hig, Ieithfurl, honest heart. At last came tile night when Violet carried her passion for " anltuesphere " and " local colouring "to its climnax. They Iar gone for their customary evening stroll, and had climbed iup a lofty butte to a broad ledge of rocks. At (their feet yawnled the canon, tremendons,awful, iblack, save where the moonlight touched the opplosite wall with ghostly fingers. Back of ithem loomed the range like the battlements of ia phantom city. Through the pines in the canone the wind camet sighing in mlournlel cadence. 'While far, far below sounded the faint rushing of water-the river tumbling aud foaming along over its rocky bed. . " What a weird place,"cried Violet with ll prelty litteo ahudlder, " and what a ghost.like lright. Why did we never conme up here before, iJack P What a scene !" I' W?etherby wsa lying at her feet whete he rhad thrown himself to rest after their climb Ile turned his face, white in the rmoonlight, toward her, and fixing his dusaky, unfathum. ableo eyes upon her, solt I " I kept this place for thils Lotr. I tmeant Ite ,ring you hero when I got my corago o to the phurt whlere 0 routl say all that is it ly Ihearot. Mnilrry a time doull thcre,"' iittlitng to the ranchl lying below, "I have looked ul helro anid tioleught of the time II would briltg you up to loll youen how 1 love 'you." F Vor one ilstant Vlrlet felt a quser little thrill. 'ths simple dignity of his declaration lal most moved the worrllh, colhllbluohdlr' girl. l'lhnr she lrhollgllt of hier local eelourlng. I I Irhat a situatiuon for ny Ilovul," she sail to hlrsell I then nlueld geeitly Ir " o you really 'lulse nle Jlck P" \- II l.ove you p" he vuIoul plnssloenatlly, as he goros asld sat duwnl he rle ier, " Violet, lohok," haking 'her Ihalnll, " ly heart lien hiere il this 'dear littleohasl." 'T'Inrll thrrwing all reservo to the wlrndsl, Ihe erlerd her atd kissed her Intdly, lemlsrtulron sly, I lte stlruggled r i fren heraelf anl at length ottcreedlrl. " Honl der'e yeou P she drlsrtlldmdl " Slew I ira I P" Ihe cried. " Whiy dearest, I lOve you-- lvl yio , n y ou he r nr P Andl 'yOrtI )l toto Ino ae littit, yI rru nrut P" lln nas llilrn ing lhr'Isler a ,ehIn, wh sltn sho lit CUrt. temlltrurntrly 1 " No, nrt ia it. I have srlmply lIMit attirryl li l yliUr " r I,' nit slrit iI turtnrt It sitou i ' itrlyihrg lne,"'he alt'I, 111 o tp'lper iltiie tir1 ushnit)ln Ini.t-isyh tt eU I utire bti Y tIt'lllnl llll ilrII l i t oiti srree err rlrl '' I, 'it s Irt' fonller l', ol ii ttlr Ii tt Irl i e hl'lr' i I'I tly It I 'll a, d I h o lriew Ily'i for iny ,.ihili knoirw. I stlerlsi illl h(irtll ypr I lirnl ',reht -. I Art elneilit ly iiitrllllll' I i o h k e rpr ej 1 riet 'Wr'telllrr nuI int'. " N' ,' hl,, sso l +u 0t lIrltr that. to tiur wl'iti hiuoolte Ann ?oU wantod to put me in it-?as that t P Aonwel me, answer me." " Yes," hbo murmured faintly. " And that was all I You never loved me never meant to marry me P'' " Why, no, how could IP I am to be married in thbo fall to a man in New York-" A snarl like that of an infuriated beast inter rupted her. Livid with rage he sprang toward her. Once again he crushed her, shrinking and trembline, to his breast, then dragged her to the very edge of the ianou, gaping like the bottom. less pit to receive them. And as her agonised creams pierced the soft summer night, Weatherby, still holding her against his out. raged heart, stepped off. They found them next day in the bottom of the canon. Violet's lovely face was past recog. enion, but on Weatherby's lingered a smile of such awful triumph as would have pleased the arch.fltnd himbelf. 