SYLYIA MONK'S CRIME. 'There are lodgings to be had in the neighbourhood, Miss- plenty on 'em,' re plied the soopkeeper; " but references are generally required. Some lodging- house keepers may be willing to take pay in advance instead. A young girl like you ought not to be huntings lodging by herself. There's dangers and perils lurking on every side for a beautiful young creature like you,' and she looked with compassionate interest at the pure, pale, high-bred face, lit up by dark, sorrowiul eyes. ' Why, you are a real lady, Miss. You surely, ought to have friends somewhere.' ' My friends are dead,' said Bernice, her lips quivering. ' My father was a minister of the Scottish Kirk. I am alone in the world, madam, and am come here to earn my own living. I want to get lodgings while I seek a situation as a governess.' The shopkeeper meditated. She was an elderly woman, with daughters of her own. She saw that Bernice was a stranger to London ways, that she seemed like a pupil fresh from a convent or place of equal seclusion, and she trembled at the pitfalls that lay before one so innocent, so unsus pecting and so guileless. ' I believe in you, Miss,' the woman said, abruptly, after a long, searching scrutiny of lovely half-shaded face. ' I'm not a person easily taken in, as people will tell you, but I believe in you, and I'll tell you of a respect able lodging hcuse where you may get a room. It's around the corner in Victoria Road. It's kept by a very good customer of mine, a woman that's made a pretty penny. She's a little queer, Miss, but her lodgers are all respectable, and the house is that neat you might eat off the kitchen floor. The woman's name is Mrs. Sharp, which sharp is always her nature. If you pay in advance and tell her I sent you, which my name is Gsbboos, I know she'll do well'by you-as long as your money lasts. And you can't expect strangers to do for you no longer, you know, Miss.' Bernice assented, and obtained the address of Mrs. Sharp, and then thanking the shop. keeper, set out in search of Mrs. Sharp's lodging-house. Turning the adjacent corner, Bernice found herself in Victoria Road, a dingy street lined with rows of dull brick houses. Here, as elsewhere, were plenty of apartments to let, .but young Lady Chetwynd pressed on to number forty-two, Mrs. Sharp's residence 'The-stone steps were very clean, the windows were all spotless, and the brass knocker was polished like gold. Bernice sounded the knocker twice or thrice heavily. A servant maid admitted her into a very <narrow ball, and Bernice asked for Mrs. Sharp. The maid ushered Lady Chetwynd into a small parlor, and hurried away to her mistress. Bernice's gaze wandered about the room. Its aspect was chill, cold, barren and prim, a'id the .very essence of respectability per vaded it. A heavy step was beard in the narrow, oil :clothed hall, and Mrs. Sharp entered the '-presence of her visitor. ' Bernice rose and bowed courteously, stating the object-of her call. Mrs. Sharp listened till Bernice completed her statement, and then coldly said: . So Mrs. Gibbons sent you to me, and y have no references? I pride myself, lViss, upon the respectability of my house, a?' I shouldn't feel justified in taking in a young persoqp.without references.' ' Bit I am a stranger in London,' said Bernice, with gentle sweetness and a shadow of pleading in her fresh young voice. 'I am very tired, madam, and I long for a place in which I can rest. My father was .a minister of the kirk. He hasrecently died. . I must earn my own living as a governess, a1t it will be of advantage to me to give as Fikaddress a respectable lodging house. I . i-- pay you in advance.' * 'I prefer gentlemen,' said Mrs Sharp. showing signs of relenting. 'They can get :their meals out.' .,I am willing to get my own meals.' 'If you can wait on yourself and cook ,your own meals, and can pay in advance, and have no company, and are not out evenings, why, then, I don't know but I'd consent to :take you-in. But one thing must be under stood: When your money is gone you must Sgo away quietly, without a word. Is that a ' bargain ?' ' Yes, I agree to all this.' : Then you can come this evening. There is a grate in your room, and you can buy a spirit lamp to make your coffee on. You can :get meat roasted at the pastry-cook's. Will you look at your room.' '' If you please madam, I-I should like to stay now,' said Bernice, bravely, though her cheeks flushed. 'Indeed l' exclaimed Mrs. Sharp, sus piciously. Where is your luggage.' ' .All I have is in this bag. -' I am poor, madam-' ;HumI 1 Ishould think'so. My room is :.sixteen shilling a 'week in advance, and no honey no room. That's my motto. Now if 'jyou want to see the room, came up.' · Bernice assented, and Mrs. Sharp led her up-ihree narrow flights of stairs to the fourth floor, and usnered her into the front room, which contained few comforts beyond the barest necessaries of exislence. But bare as was the roomn, Bernice lo:,ked upon it as a very haven of refuge. 'It is all in order,' she observed, Why may I not remain here now? Here is the first week's rent.' She 'produced her pocket-book, and took from it asoyv.reign. Mrs, Sharp saw that more money remained in the purse and con sented to allow her to remain 'I don't know where to get a spirit lamp,' said Bernice, hesitatingly. I never went into a shop alone. Would you kindly send a servant upon a few errands for me? I am willing to pay for the favour.' 'I don't want any pay for allosing the maid to go, but if you choose to pay her, that's your affair and hers. I will send her up to you,' said Mrs. Sharp, with unwonted graciousness, and then retired, soon sending up her housemaid. This young woman had an honest, trust worthy face, and Beroice liked her. She consulted with her in regard to her wants, and gave her a sovereign to expend for her in materials for housekeeping. The young woman departed, and was absent an hour, but finally returned with hgr arms full. She was followed by a small boy, who carried a basket full of stores. The suaid emptied the basket and dismissed the boy. 'I've got everything you mentioned, Miss,' she observed, ' and some things you did not speak of. There's the Times as you was so particular to have. I did not buy it; I hired it till evening. It's been hired out all the morning, and was just brought back. Here's fagots for the fire, and I'll kindle a little blaze-you look so cold and tired. I have ordered in a bushel of coals to put into your closet yonder. And here is bread, and a cold roasted fowl, and a tea-kettle and a spirit-lamp. And here's nine shillings left.' Bernice bestowed a liberal gratuity upon the servant, who hastened to make up a bright fire, and to wheel up a big chair before it, and to fill the tea-kettle and set it on the hob. Beroice took possession of the big ghair1 and read over the columrs of Wants in the Times. She had imagined that a situa tion as governess would be readily found, but she found no advertisement in the paper that seemed intended for her. ' I'll advertise, myself,' she thought, sud denly, the idea striking her, as she believed, like an inspiration. ' I will write out an honest advertisement, saying what I can do. Surely, among all the millions of English people, some one will want me.' She brooded over the idea while tire house maid made her tea and placed the few edibles on the bare table. When the girl was gone out Bernice drank her tea and ate her bread and jam, and a portion of cold fowl, and then wrote, with the small gold pencil on her chain, upon a piece of wrapping paper that'had enveloped the sugar, a notice that ran as follows : 'WANTED-By a young lady wilbout refer ences, an orphan and a stranger in London, a situation asgoverness. Understands English, French and German, music, drawing and dancing. Would accept a very small salary. Address Miss G., Times office.' It seemed to Bernice that this advertise ment could not fail to secure the situation she desired, and she decided to put it in three of the morning papers. In the course of the afternoon she called up the housemaid and unfolded her plans to her, and the young woman undertook to procure the insertion of the advertisement in the newspapers. When the housemaid bad retired, young Lady Chetwynd counted over the contents of her purse with a sigh. The sum she had thought so large only that morning was slip ping through her fingers with unpleasant rapidity. ' I must get something to do before it is all gone,' she thought. 'At'any rate, I *have found a safe and respectable shelter. I will economize in my food, and make my money go as far as may be. There must be'no more fowls, no meat; and whatever my privations and poverty, I am not dependent upon any one now but myself.' Day after day passed, and no satisfactory response came to Bernice's advertisement. She consulted Mrs. Sharp as to how she could become a governess. ' You will never be one, Miss-n.ever ! You are too young, too ignorant of the world, too beautiful. Your life is a mystery. You don't know who you are, nor whence you came. It ain't in nature for a .young girl like you, who have been so tenderly nurtured and educated like a fine lady, who are a lady, to be wandering about so utterly friendless;' and Mrs Sharp looked severely upon her young lodger. ' And no one will engage a young lady to educate their children who has no one in the world to speak a good word for her, or to say that she is a respe?table young woman. People don't trust their children to any and everybody without making inquiries. I advise you not to waste any more money in, advertising ' ' Is there anything I can do without being called upon for references ?' ' Are you a skilful milliner? Can you make dresses? Have you any trade? Do you understand any kind of handwork? No? Then your chance is a slim one. A genteel, fine lady without a trade,and wiihout money, and without friends, is a helpless object, in deed. I'm sure I don't know what-is to be come of you. -You can't expect me tos keep you no longer than your money lasts:' ' Certairly not' 'I work hard for my mdnny,' pursued Mrs. Sharp, in an aggrieved voice, ' and :I won't pay for a root to shelter them as is too fine or too lazy to work. That's what I won't.' There was a light in her cold hard eyes before which Bernice shrank back afraid. She saw that the woman did not- intend to lose money by her, but she. did not retesnt Mrs. Sharp's manner. On ihe caotrary she sp :ke in a subdued, sorrowful voice' as she' answered : ' I want work, madam, and am.. willing and anxious to work.. Can I not learn !a trade ? Can I not learn to inmake bobhetss or dresses ?' ' Who is to- apprentice .oun and:pay the necessary premium ? I don't, sa-e anythling before you but to become a"matd-of-all.work; and what lady would want a finer lady in her kitchen than herse f? I advise you, to write to your friends, and have them take you away. Your meney'll soon be gone,-and then will come the almshouse- r .re:uirn tCo. your friends, if you've got any. You casn think over what I've said, and wh;en your: funds get low you can decide what you can do.' ' I would like to pay for' my lodgings la month in advance.' said Bernice, her face very white, and a brooding anxiety in her dusky eyes. ' I would like.to make sure of a shelter as long as possible;' - She paid the necessary anmount, and Mre', Sharp wrote her out a- receipt, writing materials being on the table. : The landlady then withdrew, and Bernice was left to her self. And now began for young.Lady Chet wynd a struggle for existence, such -as is endured by many a high:bred and educated young woman, and which involved so much of suffering, of 'hope deferred,' and of bitter anguish, that one recoils Iromn recording it. During the three weeks of her stay in the house, Bernice had not made a single friend. Her fellow-lodgers seemed scarcely aware of her existence. Her landlady lookrd upon her with growing coldness, knowing that Bernice's funds were running low. Mrs. Sharp knew-well the contents of the small parcels which Bernice now brought in for herself. She knew that her young lodger was growing paler and thinner day by day; she noticed that the elastic young step bIegan to flag, that the girls tread on the stair grew daily lighter and slower; she saw that the dusky eyes grew larger antd brighter, shining w.th a lustre as bright as' unnatural. And knowing and seeing all thisv, Mrs Sharp be gan to fear that her young lodger would fall sick in her house, and she grew anxious for the monh to terminate, that she might send Bernice away. During all this time Bernice had seen no one whom she knew. Gilbert Monk had ob tained no trace of her, although he had set Mrs. Crowl and Flack to search for her throughout London, where he was convinced that she still remained. He hid ?gone down to Cbetwynd Park, and was waiting and watching for her these, knowing that sooner or later she would return to the old home and the dear presence that held such fascina tion for her. And thus the month had gone by, and two days only remained to Bernice before she must become asain homeless and shelterless. She had but a few shillings in her purse. She was weak, tired, anxious and sorrowing. And now came upon her the longing Gilbert Monk bad anticipated-to look once more upon Lord Chetwynd's face, - 'Imaynot live long,' -she thought. 'I must see him. He need not--be must not -see me, I have my burial dress still. I can pass for a ghost as before, if danger of discovery arises. Gilbert Monk has long since given over the search for me, and is no doubt in London reading law. I must see Roy once more before she claims hint. I am in no danger of discovery. I shall be very guarded, But I must learn when the marriage is to tak place. I am dying with my yearning for Roy--my husband.' She could not withstand that sick longing of her soul. She persuaded herself that she would incur no risk ol..discovery. And on the very night before her rent was to expire Bernice packed her travellicg bag afresh, and stole out of her lodgings late in the after noon, unseen by any inmates of the house, and hiring a cab, proceeded to the railway station. And soon after dark, closely veiled, she was seated in a second-class railway coach on her way to Eastbourne. She alighted on reaching her destination, secured a fly at the station, and pursued her journey to Chetwynd-by-sea. Here she dismissed the vehicle, bidding the driver wait for her at the village inn, and in the dark, cool May night, with only a few stars gleaming through the azure dusk, she pursued her way on foot to Chetwynd Park-her lost home. CHAPTER XXII. NEARLY DETECTED. AT the very moment when the wronged young Lady Chetwynd stole like a shadow into her husband's house at Chetwynd Park, and crept up to a lonely attic to don her ghostly robes, in which she believed she.might steal to her husband's very side, and still pass for a spectre, or an illusion-at that moment Lord Chetwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone to gether in the music-room. Miss Monk had been playing some brill. lant fantasia upon the grand piano, and her jewelled fingers were still softly pressing the pearl keys, evoking disconnected sounds, while her densely black, half-open eyes rested in a longing, absorbing gaze upon the fair face of the young marquis. Lord Chetwynd was walking slowly up and down the length of the room, his arms folded across his breast, a thoughtful shadow on his face. The mellow light filtered down through pale tinted globes upon Sylvia Monk's dark East Indian beauty, and Lord' Chetwynd, looking at her, noticed for the first time the pale terror and anxiety in her face and eyes. 'What-is the matter, Sylvia ?' he asked kindly. ' You are looking ill.' 'There is nothing the matter more than usual, Roy,' said Miss Monk, her fingers still dropping softly? on the keys. 'I am not quite well of late, and you have been too absorbed in your memorial school and your. tenants to notice the fact; that is all.' Chetwynd looked startled and anxious. A deeper gravity settled upon his delicate mouth and upon his white brows. 'Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvia?' he asked, in tones of relf-reproach.- 1'I have been absorbed in my school, I know. I have never concealed from you that Bernice dead is more to me than any woman living. But I love you also, Sylvia. I appreciate your unselfish devotion to me, your gentle sweet ness, your earnest love. Believe me,.sorrow ful and hopeless as I am, I am not insensible to the great. gift. of your pure, warm heart. Intime, perhaps, I may learn to love you as you deserve to be loved. But now, Sylvia, be patient with me, and let the mantle of your love and charity cover all my short comings.' She whirled around upon her music-stool. Lord Chetwynd felt for her a sudden pity. He moved towards her and took her in his arms. And just then a light soft step came noise lessly along the flower- bordered aisles of the conservatory, and approached the door of the music- room. whence the sound of voices issued. The newcomer was Bernice, in her burial robes. All unconscious of the near proximity of the wife whose death he mourned so despairingly Lord Chetwynd bent in pitying affection over the false hearted.being who hadwrought him so much woe. He toopk Sylvia's head in his bosom, and the swarthy.face lay on his- breast, and the black eyes look:.d love at him. And just then the sliding doors slipped noiselessly apart at a "oicha and Bernice looked in upon them. Neither s w her. Chetwynd -was gazing down into the black, fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all but him and her love for him. Beritice stood transfixed. Ali, indeed, she thought, her place!was filled. The caresses that lhad thrilled her soul were lavished now upon 'Sylvia,' A low smothered cry burst from her lips. k Chetwynd heard the sound, and turned and beheld her. For a moment he stood transfixed. Then ,with a' wild cry, be dropped Sylvia from his hold and bounded towards her. : Brnice fled before him like a vision. Sylvia caught a glimpse ot the white robe, the whiter face framed in masses of floating, dusky. hair, and with a shriek came rushing into the conservatory. Bernice flew on down the long aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She was light and fleet. At the .junction of another aisle she tripped upon a misplaced flower-pot. Chetwynd now gained on her. Her panic increased. She could not see the way before her, She stumbled again -and now Chetwynd reached out his hand to grasp her. She was away again like a.flash, but he had caught the lace frills of her' short eloow sleeves to his hand, and the yellow film gave way and remained in his clutch, while she flew on and out at the open door. He was at the door the next instant, but the seeming spectre had disappeared. There was a faint starlight, and he could trace the forms of the clumps of trees and shrubbery dotting the lawn, but the shining vision was nowhere in sight. He searched the gardens and lawns, the cliffs and the beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the piach covering the garden entrance to the house. But there, on the deep garden-seat, Bernice had crouched until he hbd rassed on toward the.cliffs, and then she hurried into the hodse' and up the private stairs to the attlics. Her escape had not been made an instant too so:,n. She had scarcely disappeared, when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her steps, to the porch where the young marchioness bad been hidden. The door is ajar,' muttered Sylvia, with a baleful gleam in her black eyes.. 'She has gone into thehonse. She evidently intends to hide. As she does not intend to reveal herself, I am so far safe.' She closed the door, that Chetwynd miglht not be tempted to enter it on his return from his search about the grounds, end slowly re entered the conservatory. ' I shall pretend that I did not see her,' she thoucbhts, halting in the doorway and look. ing out into the dim, fragrant night.. 'It is best to treat her appearance as Chetwynd's illusion. She is in the house. Gtl ert must not know of her presence here, and 1 must warn Ragee at once. My old ayah may find means to remove her forever from my path this very night.' Miss Monk returned to the music-room, and thence proceeded to her own apartments. She found the East Indian woman crouching before her boudoir fire. She told her briefly what bad occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute caution and silence. 'Leave it all to me, Missy,' said the Hindoo. SMy lady shall not trouble you after to-night. I think she is gone up to the attics to change her gown. I will go and search for her. Go back to my lord with an easy heart, Missy. After to-night no ghost will haunt Chetwynd Park.' The old woman spoke with . h subtle menace which her mistress fully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing- room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret drawer within. Then, with the face of a smiling demon, she concealed the articles in her bosom, and stole away out of the room, and crept stealthily up to the attics. Miss Monk paused to take a sip of her soothing draught, and then set out on her re turn to the music-room. In the hall, just outside the door, she en countered her brother, who was in dressing. gown and slippers, and appeared just aroused from slumber. ' What's the row, Sylvia ?' he asked. ' What does all this skurryidig up and down stairs mean ? What has happened ?' 'Nothing l nothing l' cried Miss Monk, with an eagerness that aroused his suspicions that something was wrong. 'I came up to my room for a piece of music. Go back to bed, Gilbert. I must return to the marquis, who is waiting for me.' She moved away as she spoke, and hastened to descend the stairs. Monk caressed his beard whileehe looked thoughtfully after her. She said she bad come up to her room for a piece of music, but her hands were empty. Mr. Monk, being very astute upon occasion, whistled softly and went back to his room, drew on his coat and boots, and also hurried down to the music-room. His sister was in the room alone, and greeted his appearance with a black frown. 'Do go back, Gilbert I' she exclaimed, ' Roy and I are having a private interview. He will not like this interruption. Go, or you will regret it.' ' Hum !' said Mr. Monk, flinging himself into a chair. ' I shall regret it if I do go, no doubt.. I know you, my amiable sister, and I choose to remain here until your lover comes. Some. game is afoot- Ha ! what's that ?' There was a sound of hurried footsteps in the conservatory, and Lord Chetwynd rushed into the music-room, pale, wild and dis ordered. Monik leaped to his feet in amaze. ment. The marquis looked past him with a wandering gaze. 'Has she. been back?' demanded Chet wynd. 'I have missed her.' ' Who?' cried Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, in a breath, the former pale and' the latter eager. ' Beroice-my wife! Did she come back this way ?' repeated Cbetwynd. ' My God I Have I lost her again ?' 