Nash Benefit Concert. THE above entertainment took place on Thursday evening, the 5th inst, and was an unqualified success, the hall being well filled with an ap preciative and representative audience. The various humorous situations which occurred during the progress of the entertainment were received with outbursts of hearty applause. The circle looked very neat as the curtain rose to tfcje company standing. Mr H Pitt (as Interlocutor) looked quite too nice for anything. The end men were Messrs Tom Abbott and Harry Broods (Bones) and Joe Meyers and Fred O'Brien (Tambos). The Opening Chorus ' Black Sports in Town,' was a lively piece and well sung. Mr E Dunstan followed with ' Summer's Sun will Shine Again,' and was well received. ' Bunk-a-doodle l-do,' by Mr Fred O'Brien was fairly well handled for a novice, and gained an encore. Mr G B&rnett; was next with ' She has Fallen by the Wayside.' This item was not so well rendered as some others this vocalist has given us. 1 The day I backed a Winner' by Mr Joe Meyers, was a good song with a rollicking chorus, and the facile contortions of the singer were the cause of much merriment; this number also scored an encore. Mr V Nash then sang ' Be kind to Mother Dear,' and was perhaps as good as any of the evening. ' I can't change It.' by Mr Harry Brooks, came next, and being sung very well, secured an encore. Mr A Hunt, with ' You'd better stay at Home, Lad,' had picked a rather difficult song, but did fairly well. The last item of the chairs was Mr Tom Abbott's, ' Where I am Lodging Now,' which was well sung, and received an uproarious encore. Then came the lion of the evening in Mr Kirkley (who, by the way, is the best comique We have had in Windsor for many years). ' The Difference Between East and West' had beconM rather threadbare in town, but, served up with good biz-it proved a decided hit, and' was suc ceeded, in response to an enthusiastic encore, tjy 1 Oh, What a Day,' and yet the audience still clamoured for more, but upon Mr Kirkby remind ing them that he was down for another turn later, and that other items of the lengthy programme were still unperformed, quiet was again restored, and Tom Abbott essayed to show that ghosts bad no terrors for him, but collapsed ignominiously at sight of a denizen of the church-yard. This closed the first part. After the intermission .Mr C. Westall opened the Olio with ' I'll meet thjse in the Lane,' in good style. Mr E. Dunstan nerft took the boards with a ditty relating to the adven tures of the Potts' family, which was well received. Mr Kirkby appeared again, and sang " Close" in a masterly manner, and followed this up with a grotesque rendering of " When the Robins nest again," singing part in double voice in splendid style. Still his bearers were not satisfied, and be oblige>! them with a comic version of " The charge of the Light Brigade," and then thanked the audience on behalf of the management for their attendance. Mr. Harry Brooks sang "Trinity Church," and after him came Professor Ashley's ventriloquial act, which was a clever and finished performance and vastly amustfd the audience. Messrs Tom Abbott and Joe Meyers then faced the foot-lights in their sketch, " Take it,, don't take it," and their smart witticisms and general " business" were much enjoyed. Tom Abbott's attempt at ventriloquism at the close was simply immense, and fairly brought down the hp^sd. " Old and New," Mr George Barnett, brought the Olio to a close. The farce, " Guy Fawkes ye Twoth," was then produced the characters being Joe Meyers (as Mr Knowall), Tom Abbott (Peter), E. Dunstan (Pelucinda), Harry Brooks (Jemima), and supernumaries by the tull company. The different characters were well-sustained, and the fun was fast and furious. The " Bogie Man," by Tom Abbott, and chorus, was well done, and brought the show to a close, and the audience sought their homes, fully satisfied that they had received full value for their money. Messrs Abbott and Meyers deserve all credit for their able management of affairs. Mr E. P. Walker's services as pianist assisted materially towards the success of the entertainment, as well as the kind assistance he rendered Messrs Kibkby and Ashley. The proceeds have been handed over to Mr Nash. All who took part are to be commended, for the amount of pains that was taken in the production of the entertainment shows that the feeling of brotherly regard is not dead in our midst. 