OLD CBOOKES' BEQUEST. (An Original Tale of an Unexplored Portion of the Snowy River.) (FOB THE ' BOND AT TIMES BT -SURGEON B— .) \- (IH.— Concluded.) iilfi/ c^)X^W'ELL' 1 resolved / -Ml, to abandon the l^'^^^VO)l^8earc'1 *or J I packed the gold \ / 'n two small can 'A N \ /. / vas bags, and was ' \C/w about to quit the r )'l \ old 1Torkin's - f, perhaps never to ^ VJ2|1L- return — when I *-ethoufirht mo to see if the ooasfc was clear. I climbed up a spur which dipped into the gully, and ascended the nearest hill. Within the circle of my vision all was motionless and silent as the tomb. Not a bird — not an insect even — raised its tiny voice, and not a living creature could I see. I descended into the gully further up by ft different spur. Scarcely bad my feet touched its bed when-I recoiled, and with back to bank and riflo at nay shoulder glared right and left. Upon a strip of moist clean sand a number of freshly-formed footprints pointed up tho narrow bottom of the rift. Oh, mine enemy ! Thrice had he attempted my life. Twice by the bullet; once by poison mixed amongst my tea and sugar. I was growing very weary of the stealthy ferocity which dogged me with the pertinacity of a fiend. £ would run the track of these ungainly footprints to the bitter end ! For footprints they most certainly were, despite the uneven splodge they left upon, the moist sand. The imprint of a human heel was unmistakeable, and with finger on trigger I traced them at intervals for more than a mile. Then they ended abruptly at the mouth of another gully which branched from this. Down that dry watercourse led a long lino of footmarks, the prints of man's nailed boots deeply in dented in the line gravel ! Close at my feet lay a pair of clumsily-made green hide goloshes, broad aud bulgy, and starting from them and leading straight ahead I saw the marks of a woman's naked feet here and there partially obliterated by the deeper footprint of the man 1 Both had been running, and in another moment I was running also. I ran wibh such eager haste that, sud denly emerging upon the top of a steep bank, I fell headlong to the bottom. Lying there confusedly, my eyes fell upon a curious pile of limestone rocks. I looked a/ain. I was in the nook of the three hills described by Crookos 1 I sprang to my faet like one electrified. At the foot of one of tho mis-shapen stones grew a fringe of bright green plants almost identical in appearance with the 'pretty Corea,' or native fuchsia. Forgetful of everything else in my burning desire to tast the properties of the mysterious herb, I plucked two or throe of the leaves and ato them. In a few moments a delicious glow of exhiliration began to steal through my system. My bodily frame became in vigorated, my perceptions grew clearer, and my mind was pervaded by an unusual sense of- buoyancy and hopefulness. Glory 1 I had found the potent herb, and the con ditions of old Crookes' bequests were ful filled. I stuffed one of my pockets with the precious leaves, and then walked over to another of the rocks in which I thought I saw a hole. There was a hole in it — a dark opening, almost as large as the entrance to Crookes' drive. Perhaps this was tho ter mination of that underground rift through which he had escaped from the blacks. Still grasping my rifle, I thrust my head andshoulders iu aB far as I could and tried to peer through tho darkness. For one instant I caught a fleeting glimpso of two fierce eyes, in the next a pair of long, lean hauds shot upwards out of tho gloom, clutched me by the throat, and dragged me down wards. Instinctively I gripped my rifle wibh convulsive fingers; there 1 was a loud report, then all was darkness. ' 1 heard the noise of the gun,' tho eager, trembling voice weut on, 'audi crept up the ledge of the precipice there, withiu a few feet of you, and I found Millar lying dead with a bullet- hole in his forehead, and you iuseuBible, with blood streaming fi-oin a dreadful cut in your head. I washed it and bound it up as well as I could — I can see well in this sorb of dim light — and then you woke up ; and oh ! it was such mUsic to hear a human voice once more, and to have someone to speak to after all those weary, weary months of dreadful silence ; and so my tongue's been rattling on, and I ought to feel so happy, and yet I am not; aud I feel so anxious — aud I'm frightened of that Awful Thing over there (pointing at Millar's body) — and (dear me, you aro so like poor Frank !), and I do feel so lonely — ana — and — oh, dear ! oh, dear ! ' And the poor thing began a-sobbing with all her heart in such a distressful way that a big lump rose in my throat, and I felt ready to cry too. She sat a little way off, and by the murky light which streamed from above I saw her drooping — hor long hair hanging loosely, aud her face buried in her hands. Poor, dejected, desolate lass ! Her sobs wrung my heart. I pulled out of my pocket two or throe leaves aud began to chew them. My headachnd very much, aud my sight seemed dim, but otherwise I felt strong and right enough. I got up as quietly as I could, and rolled the dead body of my enemy to tho edge of the narrow gulf which cleft the cavern in two. I toppled it, over aud looked dowu. Deop and dark as the valley of Styx ! Tho sound of a faint splash crept slowly upwards; It was the funeral dirge of 'Murdering Millar.' I sat down by the girl's side, and gently taking one of her hauds in mnio, I held it. From the moment when I had seen the track of her little feet on the sand it had come into my mind how I should speak aiid act, for I was acquainted with the poor girl's story ; but I had a certain test in view by which I was determined to abide. ' Listen to me,' I said. ' Your name is Ruth. You are the daughter of M — ie — , of Blank Station. At the age of 17 you ran away from home with a strolling gold miner, iu order to escape from a hateful marriage with Morgan Millar, into which you were being forced by your fathor and governess. Is that so ?' ' How did you know P Who told you P Hbw did you come to find ifc out?' the girl broke in excitedly. ' I heard it all from old Mr. H., at whose station I remained a week before I came here.' ' Did he tell you how shamefully I was treated? Did he tell you what a master ful influence Millar possessed over my father ? Oh ! if you begin to blame mo whatever shall I do P' 'lam not blaming, little woman ; but ifc is necessary, if I am to bo your friend, that there should be no reaervo between vis.' Ruth made no reply in words, but gradually she edged oloeer to me, aud pre sently I felt her head pressing lightly against my arm. ' Concerning all that has happened to you since yoti left your father I have my Burmises. Perhaps you will tall me, my dear P' Without raising her liead the girl spoke. ' Frank told me that he had heard from an old man of gold buried in these hills. Before he, came to our station for supplies he had been searching here and h&d; him pel t found good gold. With ' suoh fow J things as I could gather together he brought me direct to this place, and for a time all wont well and happily. But he had often to go away for rations, or to look for the horses, and then I used to feel very lonely and frightened, and so I used to spend my time in soarching for some hiding-place where I might feel quite secure, and it was in that way that I came to find out all these curious caves and underground passages. ' But tberecame a day — about six months ago — when Frank went out after the horses never to return. I looked and longed, but he never came, and then I nearly went mad wibh grief and loneliness and fear. One day wheu I was out scouring the hills and gullies in search of Frank I almost stumbled over Millar, who was lying asleep urfder a bank. I think he must have found ?my tracks, for from that day to thiB he has made my lifo a hell. Repeatedly he has chased me, and this morning he cer tainly would have caught me here if he had not thought that I had thrown myself over the precipice. ' Oh, think of ifc and pity mo ! ' she j cried, clasping my arm ; 'a young girl (I am not yet 19) crushed and hopeless, i living by herself in these dreadful hills, with insufficient- food aud clothing. Her heart aching for the sound of a human voice, and yet terrified beyond expression to meet the only human being who fre quented this desolate tract.' ' Were you so very fond of Frank ?' I asked. The low reply came hesitatingly. ' I thought I loved him very dearly, and 1 missed him dreadfully, but— but — there wore times when 1 fancied ho grew weary of me — and — latterly — my heart begins to teach me that — that he wasn't — wasn't.' The low voice bogan to quaver very tremulously, aud hot tears dropped on my hand. ' Como,' said I, cheerfully, ?' it is nearly 2 o'clock. Lead tho way out of this accursed cavern, and let us get out into the sunlight.' Holding me by the hand, she guided me along perilous ledges and through dark and winding ways and caves, until we emerged from behind a rock into the broad sunshine. Then wo halted. The girl leant wearily against a rock, and I looked at her. A slight drooping figure in a frayed and scanty grey sergo frock. Her faco was sweetly pretty, bub oh, so thin and worn ! She raised her large brown eyes to mine. Tho heart-breaking 3adness of her ! face, the beseeching, forlorn, melancholy of her gaze caused mo exquisite pain. I longed to clasp her to my breast, but ? ' Now, young lady, what do you propose ? to do? Have you no friends to whose j home I can escort you ?' 'My father would not receive me, and I am friendless. I — I thought — that — per- haps — you would — be my friend.' Tho almost whispered words fell painfully from her lips. Then, with an agonised light in her swimming eyes, she seized my hand between her little palms. ' Surely you don't mean to leave me here p Say you don't mean to forsake me, to leave me to die of hunger and madness in thiB ghost-haunted wilderness. Speak, or I will die here at your feet 1' and she fell upon her knees and burst into bitter lamentations. My heart ached with love &nd; pity. I raised her in my arms, and with all my soul promised her there and then to love and cherish her. ' Come with me,' said I, ' and in a few days you shall once again sleep under the shelter of a friendly roof. Tho memory of these doleful hills will Boon fade in the happiness I will bring you, and like an ugly dream thoy will disappear from your mind for over. Come, let us be going !' [Concluded.] Dentists recommend the Phosphates of Lime and Iron for teeth and bone formation. Ask for Wild Cheery Phosphates. Chemists soil it at Ib per bottle0 ? 