-BEYOND PARUDON. BY BERTHA i. OLAY. OKHAPTETI LVIIIL--( Continued.) ' Stoned to death! She would not live long, for the shower of stones would grow heavier. Perhaps the strong, stern men who threw them grew sorry for her, and would kill her soon. Oh, sister, do you think that, of all those who stood round to slay her and to see her die-do. you think there was one without sin ? And, oh, sister, I wonder-I wonder where is the justice of Heaven ? The sin is the same sin; it wants the same punishment; the God who punishes it is the same G(od. Yet in those days a woman was stoned to death, and in these she is laughed at for being found out, and forgiven. The laws of men may change, but never the laws of God. Let them look to it that break the law which bids husbands and wives be true to each other. I have never forgotten that picture, and in my own mind I have always called the kneel ing figure-the woman stoned to death -the beautiful bleeding creature with the bleeding brow and bruised breast, Vivian, Countess of Lynn! No; I have not forgotten her. 'No. If she had taken from me my last farthing-if she had robbed me of my fair name-if she had stamped out whatever beauty God has given me-if she had done me the deadliest injurv--I would have for given her, I would have taken her even to my heart of hearts. But having stolen from me my husband, let God punish her. No men will throw stones at her; but every tear she has cost me will become a stone in the hands of the angels. Oh, sister, do not cry so! 'I will tell you the rest of the story that was my death. Then my hus band left, and went away with Vivian, Countess of Lynn. Since then I have been a heart-crushed woman-the shadow of my former self. The ghost of Elinore Gordon has taken my place. For me all life ended when I lost my love.' CHiAPTER LIX. ' You must not think,' resumed Lady Rydal, 'that I bear actual living malice and hatred in my heart. Per haps if ever she asked me to pardon her, I might do so; but she never will. I shall never see 'her in this world; we shall meet before the bar of Heaven in the next. 'I will tell you the rest of my story; you will see that it is sad above all others. When I quite understood .and had brought home to my mind the force of the truth, I sent for my father.- You can imagine his grief: he had loved Lionel so entirely, and had trusted him with his whole heart. ' He came; the lawyer, Mr. Norton, came. But there was nothing to be done; my father heard no word from him; we have heard no word since. *'My husband had acted as he thought most generously to me-he .had divided his income between us. He wished me to remain always at Dunwold, until Gordon came of age, so that it was clear enough when he sent these directions he never intended ;to-return.' 'They were written before he left England ?' asked Sister Marie. 'Yes, they must have been; he wrote to the unhappy lady's husband, .Lord Lynn. There was nothing to be Sdone. The lawyer, John Wilson, of Lincoln's Inn, could tell us nothing. He was more astonished than we were; but he knew about Lady Lynn. He said she was very young and very beautiful; that.her husband was old and stern. She was half Spanish, half English, and had for two seasons been the queen of beauty and fashion. \- But he could not tell me why she had lured my husband away; no one knows that. 'I had ?.-long illness then, and I was recovering. Lord Lynn came to see me.' . Sister Marie could not repress a start of surprise. 'Lord Lynn!' she cried. But Lady Rydal did not seem to see anything unnatural in her surprise ' Yes; was it not strange ? Do Jou know, Sister Marie, when I saw him and-and thought of Sir Lionel, I felt a little sorry for her. He was old and he looked stern; he had an angry face, and I thought how different it was to the face of my hus band. I could imagine how he would crush the life and happiness of a bright young girl, such as they pic tured Lady Lynn. Still, it was no excuse; he was her husband, and she was bound to him, no matter what he was.' ' No,' said Sister Marie gently. ' It was nsexouse. But why did he come to see you ?' Do as she would, she could not re press the curiosity .she felt. What could possibly have taken Lord'Lynn Sto Dunwold? 'He came,' said Lady Rydal, 'to consult me. I felt sorry for him; there was a dignity and courtesy about him which I admired, and I am sure he had loved his young wife very dearly. He wanted to know what I was going to do-what I had thoiiught of it-and I told him "Nothing." He said that after long thought he had come to the same decision.' Sister Marie listened eagerly now. How she had longed to know this. 'Lord Lynn said the greatest punishment that could be awarded to them would be to take no steps. He said also that if we went through all the miseries of the divorce court it would only result in their marriage. Can you imagine anything one-half so horrible ? 'If Lord Lynn had applied for a divorce, and I had done the same, the two who had inflicted such pain and anguish upon us could have been mar ried. Lord Lynn said that society was so corrupt that if they returned to England married, the chances were that they would be received into the world again. That seems to me hor rible !' 'It is horrible,' said Sister Marie gently. 'Lord Lynn was very kind to me,' Lady Rydal continued. 'He could not have been kinder; and one thing he said pleased me. much-you will think I am a weak, foolish woman. Speaking of his wife, he said, "She is very beautiful;" he added, "but she is no fairer than you;" I cannot tell how it was, but that comforted me. 'The one thing that puzzled us was this: Some friend told Lord Lynn that he had seen Sir Lionel Rydal at Alexandria, and that he was quite alone. That was a mystery. If he could leave me, the children, home, friends, and all in the world, for her sake, why were they parted? I have never believed it. I think, instead of his being alone, that Sir Lionel kept her from everyone's sight. Then, sister, weheard no more. I do not know in what part of the world my husband lives; the only thing I do know is this, that he must be living, or we should have heard of his death; that seems certain.' But Sister Marie was just as puzzled. Why had he not returned? Since they parted on the Calais sands she had heard nothing of him. Where had he gone? What was he doing? She longed to know; she would have risked almost anything to know. But his wife was in the same position. Why had he not returned ? 'It seems strange that during all this time you should have heard nothing of him,' said Sister Marie; 'strange he has never written to ask you about you or th`e children!' 'Do you know,' said Lady Rydal gently, 'that I often think it is shame which keeps him from writing or sending. He must be terribly ashamed when he thinks of us; for naturally he was most honourable-the very soul of honour.' 'Perhaps he was terribly tempted,' said Sister Marie. 'That may have been; but why should men and women differ so? No man could have tempted me. I need not tell you how impossible it was for me to live at Dunwold after that. The place was haunted for me; I saw my husband in every room; I started up constantly, thinking I heard his voice, thinking he called me; nor could I bear the kindly ex pressed sympathy of my friends and neighbours. Let a deserted wife be innocent as she may, let her put the best and bravest face te the world, let her be pure'as an ange.l, guiltless, free from all blame, perhaps the victim of a bad, wicked man, and she is still lookeduponwithsuspicion aniddistrust; she is still the object of unkind re marks and ridicule; that is what ex perience has taught me.' 'It is a cruel lesson,' said Sister Marie. 'It is a hard one to bear,' replied Lady Rydal; 'but I am quite sure of one thing-it is strange. to say, but I am quite sure of it-the world in these cases always takes the part. of men. I cannot imagine how it is; one would think that the weakest should be protected and defended.' ' Hardly,' said Sister Marie; 'that is not the way of the world. The weakest, as a rule, find fewest friends.' 'I have not much more to tell you, Sister Marie. When I found I could not live at Dunwold, I asked papa to find me a home somewhere far away, where nothing could remind me of the past. Fortunately, we heard of this villa, and came here.' 'But you cannot remain here always, Lady Rydal. As the children grow you must give them an English education, especially your son.' 'Yes, that is what puzzles me. I have thought sometimes of trusting my children with my father and mother, but I could not bear the separation from them. You see, life has nothing left for me.' 'Yes, it has-your children. No one could take your place with them.' 'Before my illness,' resumed Lady Rydal, 'I was always thinking what I could do about Gordon. You see how intense the child's desire iesto see his father. Sending for him seemed like an overture on my part -one that I could not and would not make; yet to let his only son die longing for him, yet not seeing him, would be wrong, I am sure. So, after long thinking,'I wrote and told him that GQrdon was danger. ously ill, and longed to see him. I wrote that letter on the very day Iwas taken ill. It went, I suppose.' 'It would be sure to go,' said Sister Marie, not daring to add that, seeing it on the table, she had sent it her self. 'And there has been no answer ?9' said Lady Rydal wistfully. 'None that I have heard of, and I think the squire would have told me if anything so important had hap pened,' was the answer. 'What do you think yourself, Sister Marie? Do you think he has ~received the letter ?' 'I cannot possibly tell,' was the guarded reply. ' Tell me another thing,' said Lady KRydal; 'from all that I have told you, do you think if he received it he will come ?' 'I think he will,' replied Sister Marie. ' You say he loved the child most dearly; you say that you be lieve shame for his own conduct keeps him away. I see no reason why he should not come.' 'It's three weeks since I wrote nay, more,' said Lady Rydal. 'True; but perhaps the letter may follow him half round the world. From what you have told me of him, I feel quite sure that he will come.' And when Lady Rydal heard those words she was silent for some minutes. She had great faith in the judgment of Sister Marie, and it semed to her that this decision was final. 'There is one thing,' said Sister Marie, 'it is certain he will come! According to your description of him, Lady Rydal, your husband cannot be a bad man. It is quite possible that sudden temptation assailed him-that reckless passion took possession of him. You will, perhaps, know in the future; but he cannot be a wicked or a heartless man. It is not likely that he should leave such an appeal un answered.' 'He loved Gordon,' said Lady Rgydal thoughtfully. 'I am sure he will be greatly distressed over him. I remember when he was quite a baby he had an illness, some simple childish malady, but Sir Lionel never slept until he was well; he could not bear to leave him. I think of the two, he was more anxious than I was. He cannot have forgotten the boy. Sister Marie,' she added suddenly, ' there is one thing makes me afraid.' 'What is it, dear ?' ' My father. He was so passionately angry, so indignant, so thoroughly aroused, that I am afraid if he ever sees Lionel again there will be murder. I am certain that if, in the earlier days of our sorrow, my husband had crossed my father's path, he would have slain him. 'The squire will be more reasonable now; time softens anger. He will think what is best for you first.' 'What do you think is best for me, Sister Marie ?' asked Lady Rydal.. 'The best thing for you, my dear,' said the sister gently, 'would be for your husband to return to you-to implore your pardon-for you to for give him, and go home with him.' But Lady Rydal shook her head. Who could give her back the happi ness of old? CHAPTER LX. A beautiful dreamless sleep had come to Lady Rydal; gradually the blue eyes had closed, the fair face re-* laxed, and the slumber that was full of live-giving strength and health fell upon her. Then Sister Marie went to rest. Lady Rydal had relieved her heart of its long heavy, sorrowful burden;. someone else shared it now; it had comforted her more than words can tell, to trust in another woman, to hear expressions of loving sympathy from a woman's lips; and, for the first time almost since her trouble came, she slept without dreams. The other sister took Sister Marie's place. As she looked into the dark, beautiful face, so white and worn now, she said : 'If you do not take, care, Sister Marie, you will have the fever your self. How long is -it since you have slept ? this makes the third night.' ' But Lady Rydal is better; we shall not have much more sitting up. She is better, and she would not have made such good progress without in cessant care.' ' You have come to the end of your strength, Sister Marie,' said the sister, Eulalie by name; ' and,' she added, laughing, ' if you do not promise to 'take care of yourself, I shall write to the convent "and ask them to send for you. If you could see your own face this moment, you would be frightened at yourself.' ' I am glad I cannot see it,' said Sister Marie half sadly. That was the same face men and women had crowded to see, the bril liancy of which had been on the lips of all men; the face that had won and lost a coronet. She was glad enough to get into her own room, and to think of all she had heard. It did occur to her to wonder why' she had been so heavily punished; other people had done worse than she had done, yet they had been happier. She had been sent to rest, but no rest came to her. It seemed to the hopeless lady that she had never realised her full position till now. These words rang in her ears: 'Beautiful, beloved wife, I go good-bye!-I go out into the dark ness of death.' .'To Ie Continued.) 