NEWS IN BRIEF R.M.S. Rimutaka, from London vpa ports, reached Hobart yesterday after a fairly good passage. She lands ten passengers for Tas mania and 150 tons cargo, 26 for Aus tralian ports, and takes 80 on to New Zealand. "Trilby" will be presented in Laun ceston for one. night only-July 27. Stanbury and Harding row over the Thames cou ise to-day for the champion ship of the world. Dungan won the V.R.C. G.N. Steeple chase on Saturday, Timoni second, and Dondi third. The steamer Rotokino, which arrived from Sydney yesterday, brought 10 cages and 11 loose Merino rams, Tas manian sheep puchnlcod at the sales. Steamer Oonah took 385 tons of fruit, 091i tons silver ore ,and 43 tons of staves from Hobart to Sydney on Saturday among other cargo. Messrs. C. B. Grubb and E. D. Law rence's ra.m President reteined from. Sydney yesterday, and was landed in fine fettle, notwithstanding a rough trip. The first meeting of the I,,unceston branch Board of Agriculltne was held on Saturday. Papers were read .by Mr:,srs. John Christensen and G. M. Barnard on the "Butter factory system" and "Berk shires" respectively. Several other topics of interest to the farming community were touched upon. Australia. won the match against tho Players by an innings and 137 runs. Unusually large number of country people in Launceston on Saturday, and business in the shops was brisk as a consequence. James D. Walters, aged 83, an old Hlobart resident, died suddenly on Fri day night. The "ghost" is still the reigning sen sation of Hobart. Winners at Tattersall's races on Saturday:-Pony Trot, Commodore; Tattersall's Handicap., Ivy; Open Trot,. Xmas; Elphin Handicap, Arbitrator. At Hobart on Saturday the Railway footballers defeated the North Hobart team, scoring six goals six behinds to their opponents' five goals four behinds. The Mayor of Newcastle has informed Premier Reid the strike is virtually over. The foundation-stone of the new North bridge in Edinburgh was laid lately by the Lord Provost. It will take the place of one built in 1772, and will consist of three spans of 175ft. each. Enormous skeletons, supposed to be those of prehistoric giants, have been unearthed at Handsworth. The skulls were of great thickness. Excavations are taking place at the Roman camp at Ardoch, Scotland.. Among a mass of charred material were discovered some grains of wheat. in a wonderful state of preservation. An elaborate building, to serve as an Agapomenite Temple, has been opened at Clapton. The Agapomenites are followers of a man named Prince, who claimed to be the Redeemer, and who: is still living, aged 84. Some years ago he was left £80,000 by two of his lady, converts. Several hundredweight of honey was found in the roof of an old house at Dover. The whole interior of the slop ing roof was covered with honeycomb. A fashionable bicycle gymkhana was held at York. All the events were per formed on bicycles, including a ladies' thread-and-needle race. The competi tors had to go from the starting-point to the gentlemen by whom they were nominated, the latter threading a needle carried by the nominee, who then went to a table, sewed on a button, and re turned to the winning-post. A London magistrate recently granted a summons against a well-to-do wife for refusing to maintain her husband. A count lately purchased for five francs a dirty old painting in a bric-a brac shop in Burgundy. It turned out. to be a Madonna and Child by Raphael, and the purchaser has refused an offer of 300,000 francs for the painting. Sir H-enry Irving has netted nearly £10,000 on his American tour. The Ada Delroy Company will tour in New Zealand after their South Aus tralian season. Mr. Bland Holt gave a London florist an order by cable to p]lace a wreath on Sir Augustus Harris's grave. Mark Twain goes to England at the close of his African tour. He will lec ture a little, then settle in a seaside village, and finish his book of travels. Miss Annis Montague is after all to emerge from the retirement brought about by the death of her husband, Mr. Charles Turner, in New Zealand 18S months ago. She has accepted an en gagement to open at the new Hawaii Opera House. Commandant Herbert H. Booth, the new Commissioner of the Salvation Army in Australasia, left Toronto on June 11 for London. He is expected to sail for Australia about the middle of the present month, and should reach Melbourne about the end of August. Miss Marie Carelli has dramatised the "Sorrows of Satan," in collaboration with Mr. Herbert W\oodgate. Any the atrical manager who secur'es the Auls tralian rights shoulld make another, "Trilby" fortune. There is a pretty little story told of Raul Kaulowski, the Polish boy who is court pianist to the Czar. At the close of one of his late concerts all the women pushed eagerly to the front in order to kiss him. The little fellow stood there gracefully, receiving it. Finally, one woman who could not reach him threw, him a rose. This act inspired another to throw him her breast-pin. He took the rose, and smilingly kissed it; but, picking up the jeweled pin, with a po lite bow, he passed it back to its owner, 