Short Story THE MILL OF MINNONY. The Mill of Minnony existed only in name. It had once done work, and characteristic traces were left. The old wheel at the corner stood half dilapidated and wholly picturesque. On windy nights it creaked and moved fear- fully round, but for the most part it realized that its part was played. The mill-lade that led to it was rotten, and the mill- pond that fed the stream was drained and grew weeds and flowers and rushes instead of providing water for the mill. Joan MacLeod stood at the little window of the mill kitchen on one of these evenings. A crescent moon was in the sky. It appeared to hang in the gray mist. She turned a penny in her pocket, as she looked mechani- cally out, and thought of a wish. ' Dinna ye, lass,' said her mother sharply from the fireside. ' Things gang wrong o' themsel's wi'oot fairly temp'in' Providence you wye.' ' Which wye ?' said the girl, still staring out of the window. ' Yon's the new meen, and ye are looking at her thro' glass,' said the woman severely. ' Ye winna get your wush, and ill may happen o' it.' The girl laughed. ' It disna mak',' she said. ' It wasna muckle of a wash, ony wye.' ' Had it to do wi' George ?' The old woman asked it sharply. She was a withered old woman, with sharp features and bright eyes. Her gray hair was tucked away under a white cap. A shawl was pinned across her shoulders. She wore a stuff apron over her short woollen skirt. ' Ye mark my words,' she repeated im- pressively ' ill wull come o' it. I wouldna trust any man.' Joan smiled in reply. She was used to the pessimistic utterances of her mother. ' Ye are aye hintin' at that, mither,' said Joan lightly. ' And if onything is guan to happen, it'll come wi'oot sic nonsense.' ' I wouldn't promise,' said the old woman obstinately. ' I hae a notion o' making things siccar, and nae deleeberately trying to upset them. Life is gay chancey.' She shook her head, and added : ' And George is but a man.' Joan turned from the window and sat opposite her mother on the oak settle by the fire. She knitted placidly. The old woman rambled on. ' Your feyther often tell't me if it hadna been for me he wud niver have thocht of ye. I pit the notion into his heed, and syne I keepit it there. Noo, it's this and it's that, and I tell ye it disna dee. I dinna haud wi' notions o' that sort, and it's time ye tell't George to sattle things.' The girl looked up. ' I winna,' she said. Her tone had the sharp, incisive ring of determination. It cowed the old woman for a moment. ' Weel Joan, gang your ain gait. Mony hae deen that afore you, and found them- selves left I hope it winna be too late, or that I'll hae the satisfaction of seeing my words proven.' There was silence after that. Old Mrs. MacLeod deftly wove colored scraps of material into a mat. Gray double dahlias and magenta roses grew out of the remnants of flannel and stuffs, surrounded by lesser flowers of nondescript hues. ' It's gey lonely here,' she said with a sigh. ' If ye wae stir yourself, Joan, it wad be better.' Joan looked up from her knitting placidly. ' It's nae different to general,' she said, and went back to her stocking. Her mother snorted. ' And ye are as happy there ; and wad be, if ye were gaun to sit there and knit all your life. It niver seems to strike ye that we twa lonesome bodies here might be murdered in oor beds ony nicht, and naebody ken for days. It wad be different if there was a man aboot. It wad be mair shortsome, and the mull micht be set a going again. In your feyther's time there was aye cairts of corn coming, and the mull aye grinding, grinding, and the watter Splashing. You wasliviog.' ' I ken thinking on't winnia add or tak' a cubit from oor stature.' Mrs. MacLeod was wont to say impress- ively : ' But it wad dee a lot to mend matters. It's only a weel-faureh face can dee wi'oot thinking. And a new hat dis wurk wonders.' It had been a great surprise to Mrs. MacLeod to find that Joan had found favor in any man's sight. The fact of her engage- ment to George Alexander had given Joan's mother endless subject matter to reflect on. George was a sort of connection of their own. He had knocked about in Australia several years, and had come back at twenty-eight with an affectation of indifference toward his native land—the result of thirsting for it every day of his absence. He had returned in late summer when the barley harvest was in full swing. George had sauntered into the field. Joan was among the gatherers. Her hair was gathered up into a knot tightly twisted up behind. Her sun-bonnet had fallen off. Her sleeves were turned up ; she looked a strong, capable woman. She stood apart, resting for a moment. The sun shone in its full force ; the heavy ' swish' of the ripe yellow barley as it fell formed a framework to her as she stood there. George stood idly looking at the reapers ; they threw jests to him, and laughed as they moved down the field. Joan alone said nothing. She smiled at him as she passed. Her smile set him thinking. He still stood there, for a momentary glimpse of an ideal had come to him. It was one of those moments that come at least once in a man's life. It was the touch of a home atmosphere, the simple labor, the sunshine and a woman's smile that prompted it. It did not last long, but out of it grew an idea that dominated three lives. ' They're gey ahin' the times here,' was what he said, and be sauntered off the field. The result of the idea was that, several weeks after, George had asked Joan to marry him. She had said' Yes' quite simply, and matters had remained like this for about eighteen months. George and Joan both showed philosophical calm about their engagement. Old Mrs. MacLeod was the only one agitated over the matter at all. She began to be afraid that, left to them- selves, they would drift apart, and that Joan would do nothing to prevent it. One evening George came in after Joan had been peculiarly aggravating on the sub- ject of their marriage. ' It's a fine nicht,' he said, as he sat down and looked at the fire. Joan nodded. Mrs. MacLeod tossed her head and coughed. It did not occur to either of the others that a reply was neces- sary, so this passed unnoticed. Mrs. MacLeod coughed again, a little louder. ' It's nae wonner, ye hae a cauld,' said George affably, ' wi' a climate like this.' This was too much for Mrs. MacLeod. ' Cauld, indeed ; I niver was better in my life. Fat I meant was if a fine nicht wis a' ye had to say, there wasna muckle ees of ye coming to say it.' George stared. Joan looked up quickly. ' Ay, I mean it, and I hae meant it some time,' continued Mrs. MacLeod. She had made her start and she was determined to have her say. ' I hae nae wish to meddle, and ye needna heed me ; but I wad like, George, to ken if ye mean to marry my dother Joan ?' The old woman shut her mouth and looked at the young man. It was an opportunity she had been thirsting for, and she meant to carry it to the end. George and Joan both looked at her ; they were both too astonished to say anything. ' Div ye, George Alexander,' asked Mrs. MacLeod. Her voice rose shrilly ' I had thocht o'f ?' said George slowly. ' Had thocht o't !' repeated Mrs Mac- Leod. This time she fairly shrieked. ' And you sit there and say that to my face ' I didna say I wasna still thinking o't,' retorted George. The idea that it was pos- sible to break his word struck him tangibly for the first time. He repeated more firmly, ' Nae, I'll stick to my word.' ' Hoots,' said old Mrs. MacLeod, in a more modified key. ' Then mabbe ye wad like to gie a little proof. Words are fine enough, but they winna marry Joan ; and it's nae likely she'll ever hae anither chance.' George laughed. ' I'm nae a man to gang back frae my word,' said he, loftily. He began to feel pleased with the sacrifice he was making as he glanced at Joan, who was sitting up with a face as determined and set as her mother's. She certainly looked rather a forbidding woman. Her hands were clenched, her lips were compressed, her eyes were hard. ' Your mother is richt,' said George. He spoke cheerfully, for he felt distinctly pleased with himself. Joan had sat silent, and there was a moment's pause after George stopped speak- ing. Suddenly she rose. She had guessed the fact with a woman's intuition. Her knowledge of life came to her through her lover's careless tones. She grasped the truth at once, as only a strong type of woman can. ' There's nae need for ye to keep your word, George,' she said. There was a de- fiant ring in her voice, otherwise it was hard and expressionless. ' I dinna want it.' ' Lord's sake, dinna be such a fule,' gasped her mother. ' Ye shouldna play wi' men. They are aye kittle, and ye nivyer ken.' George started good humoredly ; then he laughed. The idea seemed to him pre- posterous. ' Weel, weel, Joan, we winna quarrel ; we'll fix the day instead.' ' I'm no seeking to quarrel,' replied Joan, doggedly, ' an' I'm nae joking.' ' Mercy !' breathed Mrs. MacLeod. She looked anxiously at her daughter, and re[ peated in a loud whisper. ' Dinna I tell ye. He'll tak' ye at your word, maybe.' Joan sat down. Her features had relaxed, but there was still an air of determination about her. George fidgeted uneasily. The old woman kept up a steady murmur of re- monstrance. ' There's nae need to say mair,' said Joan, sharply. ' A' body mat's mistak's at times. George and I hae made een. I hae made up my mind noo, and George is free.' ' And if he heeds a silly lass like you,' put in her mother, hastily, ' he's a puir thing.' Then she began to cry, for George was silent. ' Maybe ye dinna want her,' she said sud- denly, her tears vanishing. ' Mebbe ye'd rather hae somebody else younger and bon- nier ? There's Janet McLaren ; she'll be glad enough to take ye.' She spoke at George, but she glared at Joan. She felt rightly enough this was her biggest obstacle. ' If Joan's nae willin', I'm nae gaun to force her to it,' he began slowly. ' It's a' ower,' said Joan. ' There hisna been much, noo there's nae thing ava'.' Joan got her way. ' Deed, it's nae winner he should be ta'en,' said Mrs. MacLeod. ' It's no that she's bonny. That aleen disna dee it, but she lats him see she thinks a hantle o' him. Noo it's a' for him, and he kens it. Sich wicked ex- travagant folly. I wish, Joan, ye'd stir yoursel' and dee mair that wye. Ye micht get him back. The mull is worth his while. That wad aye coont agenst you lass' chances.' Joan needed none of it. She outwardly pursued her placid way. Inwardly she was consumed by a fire of jealousy. Janet McLaren, admitted that George had not said anything about the wedding day. ' But I'm nae carin',' she said, gaily, ' I'm no prood to come after you, Joan, and I'll hae mair sense to keep him.' ' There's nae body blamin' you for that,' said Mrs. MacLeod. ' There's nae body could hae less sense than Joan, unless mebbe it's George,' she added to keep the balance even. Joan sat through these conversations quietly. Once she broke through her re- serve. ' Has George tell't you in words he lo'es you ?' she askel Janet. Janet blushed and frowned. ' I dinna ken,' she said. ' But he's aye comin' and comin', and he kens fat a folk are sayin'.' Joan sighed. She looked out one night as she was going to bed. She shivered as a gust swept round the house. Then a silence came. ' I's a fearful night,' she said hastily. ' I hope nae one is out in the storm.' She was shutting the door when a sound struck her ear. It seemed a wail. She staid still to listen, but it did not come again. ' Joan !' it had seemed to her to come float- ing through the storm. For a long while she stood waiting apprehensively. Her heart beat at the unexpected feeling of suspense and fear. ' If it wis a human voice it'll cry again,' she said, to still her own fears. Nothing came. The wind swept round the gables with shrill moans and cries. ' It was the wind,' she said, and she shut the door. In the night she woke. The same sense of apprehension seized her, and a feeling of dull reality came to her. ' Joan !' the voice seemed to wail. It had a human ring about it, to her excited mind. ' God forgive me if it was a voice,' she murmured, ' for noo its's a spirit's voice that's crying. I couldna hear any one in this storm.' She got up and dressed. He room was upstairs, her mother slept in the box-bed built into the wall in the little kitchen. Softly and quietly she groped her way down and got the lanthorn. She opened the door softly and stepped out. Her teeth chattered and her heart sank. ' I'm too late,' she kept saying. Still she kept on. The conviction was forced upon her that she had not been dream- ing that some one had sought her aid. She tramped up and down the path ; the wind met her and nearly whirled her off her feet. There was no sign of anything. ' The bridge has gone,' she said, suddenly, as a gleam of light showed her a dark mass of woodwork which had floated down the river. ' They aye said it wad the last five or sax winters, and noo it's fairly gone.' She lifted her voice and shouted. No answer came. Gradually her fears subsided. She even laughed at her own exaggerated fears. ' I winna tell ony soul fat I hae deen this nicht,' she said, as she shut the door and crept back to her room. She woke in the morning with a strange feeling of dread. By degrees the night's occurrence came back. Outside all was still and bright. She felt the same instinctive feeling that a tragedy had happened which she had had it in her power to avert. She went about all day with a foreboding at her heart. That afternoon she realized the truth. There was a tramp of feet past the window. ' Fat's yon ?' asked Mrs. MacLeod, eagerly. ' Rin oot and see, Joan.' Joan sat still and fixed. Her breath came in short little gasps. ' I canna, mither. Bide a wee.' The old woman hobbled to the door and opened it. ' Fat s the stir ?' she called shrilly. George Alexander left the little group that were passing the ' gale end of the cottage. ' There's been an accident,' he said solemnly. ' Last met, after gloaming, Janet McLaren was coming hame frae her sister's. She was drooned in the river. The path's aye slippy, and, beside, the auld bridge has gone.' He passed on, and the thud of the foot- steps died way. Mrs. MacLeod was silenced in the presence of death. Over her shoulders Joan gazed. ' Joan ! Joan ! Joan !' the air seemed full of her own name. ' Joan, save me !' She had let it pass unheeded. Her rival was dead, drowned in the thirsty river beside the old mill dam. Neither woman spoke all that evening. Later on her mother said simply : ' I'm glad ye didna try and win him back. Lass, it's a heavy hairt ye'd have had this nicht if ye'd done so.' ' Eh, mither,' said Joan, ' it's heavier than ye ken.' She put her arms on the table and laid her head on them. ' Weel, Joan,' said George Alexander. She started suddenly. ' I was in yon field, and I watched you up the brae. I came after you.' The past months had told upon Joan. She had grey hairs, and there were little lines round her eyes. Her mouth had taken a little tremulous droop. Altogether there was more womanliness about her looks. ' We niver seem to meet noo,' said George Alexander. He was looking at her, curiously re- minded of the day he had first seen her in the harvest field. ' I hae lang wished to see you,' said Joan, simply ; ' I hae something to tell ye—and I canna !' she almost wailed. An inspiration seized George. He leaned forward. ' Are ye seeking to tell me ye liked me better than ye kenned ?' he asked, smiling. Joan drew back hastily. ' Na' na,' she said, ' onything but that. Let her hae it a' still, George, for she's died.' ' Fat div ye mean ?' asked George, stupidly. ' It's Janet,' said Joan, simply. ' I hae deen her enough hairm. I lat her dee.' George still stared. Joan repeated the episode of that terrible night. Her face was set and stern. ' Puir thing !' said George pityingly. ' Puir thing !' This time he took one of Joan's cold, un- resisting hands. ' Ye couldna ken, Joan. And things are ta'en ooto' oor hands files.' It was George's first attempt at philoso- phy, and it did not soothe Joan. ' And sae I hear her crying on me a the time,' she said simply, as if it was an or- dinary fact she was stating. ' And ye hiv borne the weary weight all the time, Joan, and tell't naebody ?' ' Naebody,' said Joan briefly. ' I hae wushed to tell you, but I was feared ye'd cast it at me, and I couldna bear that, George.' ' I hae noe richt to cast it at you, Joan,' said George solemnly. ' She was your sweetheart,' said Joan. She put her head down and moaned. ' Na,' said George, solmnly, ' I never had ane. Nane, except yerself, Joan.' ' Folk said you were hers,' said Joan, lifting her head, ' and ye were aye there.' Somehow a little of the weary burden seemed lifted. ' Aye,' said George. Then he gave a nervous sort of laugh. ' I wasna gaun to be peetied by a ' body.' ' Then she had nane of your love,' said Joan, solemnly. ' Ye hiv it a', Joan, though I didna keen afore.' Joan put up her hand. ' George, dinna say that.' ' But I maun ; Hove ye, Joan. Will ye be my wife ?' ' Niver, niver, George Alexander,' she answered, at length. ' I couldna ; I should hear her voice crying, ' Joan,' and I wad feel I had stolen you frae her.' ' That's nonsense,' said the man, sharply, ' I niver loved her.' ' Then it's all the worse,' said Joan, with true woman's logic. She felt that somehow reparation must be paid to the dead—at whatever cost and sacri- fice to the living. In vain George reasoned ; Joan kept her point. ' I couldna be happy, George. It wouldna be richt.' He lost his temper at last. ' Weel, there's na mair to be said.' They rose up out of the heather. The sun had begun to go down behind the fir trees. John gave a little shiver. It was not many weeks after this that George and she met again. ' I'm off to Australia, Joan,' he said, sul- lenly. Nothing had happened in the interval to shake the moral force of Joan's arguments. She started. ' Must ye gang, George !' she asked, softly. George was still angry with her foolish woman's insistence, but his wrath suddenly melted. He looked at her downcast eyes and trembling mouth. ' Not if ye bid me stay, Joan.' The river still flowed on in its old course. The fir trees stood straight and dark at the top of the brae ; but the brae was ploughed up and grew in golden corn and the old mill dam was filled with water instead of the tangle of reeds and flowers, and all day the mill wheel splashed cheerfully round. The ghost of Joan's past was laid, merged into the happinness of her life. ' I aye said things were in the Lord's hands,' said Mrs. McLeod piously, ' and noo the mull is started aince mair I ken it.'—W. Grant. 