Notes by' Nationalist.* THE'sugar-growers will noon be .reaping the last harvest. . under-the ..present: tariff uncording ito Premier Reid and his Hvcopbauts. Tho Colonial Sugar Company advertidos for hand« to be engaged on the 17th, and I hear that Hons Mill takes on its quota on' the 10th, ouu week earlier. If Bous ouly possessed a witch as Kndnr did . in " olden timtt, or had a modem Mrs. Mollon to raise up the ghost of Samuel (Staines), . how this gentleman would he astonished at the present system'of , employing labour. In his day the men were treated as men, and the highest "wages wore puid. But alus .' those days are past and were not appreciated. The pre sent ooinpany know how to do things. better, they fully understand how-to. work their employees ian money- making machines, ouforuing 12 or moro hours work for one day's wages, and so that no time may be lust in cati og, insist upou ouch altern ate six hours for work. And yet, under tho pre sent conditions nf the colony, thero are plenty: nf applicants for the work, amongst those who boast they are free Australians. ? . ? . . . . . . . THEES is great agitation in vurinus parts nf tho dis trict, ulso tu Parliament, against the Hindou and other Asiatic races coming to th» colony, and of the blaok-labour-grown sugar of Queensland ;" but I, venture to" say there is neither Hindoos, Cingalese, Chinamen, or Kanakas in this colony or Queensland who would submit to rules similar to tbo*e in foroo for tho white Australians of Rous. Where, then, is the boasted Bight Hours Aot of the famous Labor party ?. Better seek it in-the refreshment room,. with eye-glass «' Georgy,", in- ilucquurio street talking shop. A ÏEW more days and we muy expeot to hear tho "mandato to the Bugar-growers ", from the Treu Bury;r<,th"b information- deputation, or- petition, or whatever other ñamo it may be called. I should name it "folly." . It ia but ono year ugo a deputa tion waited ou the Promier asking that the ^duties inight be retninod ou sugar, and wore quietly'given away by the representatives of this district (FAderrf lion Uwiug and Co.), nttd Lismore thought it such a glorious pièce of work that thoy neut, him buok unopposed tb repeat the operation, wishing to huvo un Intercolonial Freotrade ; and they ure now likely .to get it. ' . .0 « * * ^ ; GnAPTON has just receivod a quota in tho shape of a whola cargo of. produce, und there is'no reason why Lismore should'esoúpó. In fact a few vessels'urriv ing liero'níight'o¡>en ;tho' doctors' eyes to tho truo "value of Federation aud Mr. JSwtng's bluff. It may bo good enough for storekeepers, but how tho farmers will fare is imo th or mutter. - They will easily escape tip; income tax, but Muokny's assess ment and tho, laud tax is a horse of another odour. FLOODS are tho order of .Mr. Wraggo and our own Russell. ' Pions-- koép the ohain across to oateti our timber, it is gning to fetch, a high prico this time Iiexpoot.to have at least, one keg of r---. . I am forgetting that these are days of temperance, abstemiousness, or freotradu' or poverty, whioh is all tho same. Just imagine, tho colony has .managed tor export it million feet, and ia only importing hun dreds of millions. We shall soon .be tioli, in spite of ~what Mr. John CnrrieJhas written." .: Why, look boautiful foreign timber, brought ail tho way from Ainerioa, pr Bullio, or China, or Bomowhero oise. We only had to pay for it, and wo reserved our own bpoauBO it was handy and bettor. The Government baa also placed a Board (not a sawn one) to hawk ours , about the World for a raurket,- and thora has actually boen a million foot sent away. Don't say we uro uot progressing after this. A big order like this would irive Mr. ChaB. Dorrough nearly twenty'weeks' work and keen a.few.timber-gotturs and bullock- drivers but of a job in tho Centonuial . Park sandshiftiug, if it should ever rouoh tho Rioh ; -mond. But pertmpH lt its "as well that sotnb other river vote tho order, as we are : all a blooming lot of oapitidists ' (ritfo . G. H. Reid after a champagne guzzle.) .-'?. .;,-."' 'J- ?v -. .'?'. ;' ?' -'_i__.' ?? ?'?'.'? . jf-'T. ,. 