©ales and f hetthcs. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By MISS M. E. BRADDON. Author of ' Lady Andley's Secret,' ' Vixen,' ?'Iahnwel,' 'like and Unlike,' 'Hie Fatal Three.' 'The Day WHI Come,' tc. (UL SIGHTS BESEB.VED.J Chapter XXIV.— (Coniuuted.) While Perez and faia wife were laughing at Sardoa'a biting wit, Madame Qnijada was winning Louise Marcet'a naif franca by her astute and itndied play. Louise took no interest in the game — indeed hated all gunei of cards— and only played as a part of her dnty in that house where she was the shadow of everybody elw'asnnshine. They had played nearly an hour and a half when the elder woman threw down the cards with an impatient sigh, instead of dp*li'g them. 'We have played long enough for to-night, Looise ; I am tired of winning sach miser able stakes. How ghastly the silence of this house u ! Nothing bat the tick, tick, tick of that clock on the mantlepiece, and the crack ling of the logs now and then. Yoa may get me a finger of fine champagne I feel very low to-night. This house is killing me.' 'You ought to be much easier in your m-,i-J now tbat your daughter has been placed in an honourable position — now that your said !-?»?»». gravely. *? My conscience ! Don't preach to me about cmnHpt^. I hare done with all super atitious bugbears. I finished with them before I left Marseilles. I hare never entered a ?church since my marriage. I was overdosed with religion in my girlhood. I married a ?clever man, who soon tadght me to langh at the old fables.' ?'And were yon happier, do yon think. Tor abandoning the old pathways?' asked Louise, gravely, arranging the card's, with «yelida cast down, as if she hardly liked to meet her wnt'e eyes while she spoke of «acred things. *' Happier ! Happy— happier — happiest ! Those are idle words, child. I don't believe anybody is happy. I don't believe in the existence of happiness.' ' Oh, you are wrong, aunt 1 There are (moments, boors, days in this life perfectly and beautifully happy— days to which one Books back afterwards as to a dream of Heaven — days to which one looks forward after death hoping that God will give us back that happi ness in Heaven. Those brief days are fal»i)f!fd hj long years of misery ; but they have been— they have been. There is nobody ?on thk earth who has not once been, happy. Tbe suxd is not an idle invention-' 'Well, I suppose I was happy in my time— happy that Easter night when -jaij*da followed me home from the church door, and talked to me, while my mother walked on «head with my elder sister, your mother, Sittle fTwpp-T1TTig that I hi'1 mi g^rnir'* making lore to me under cover of the flarfcnm*. He ?mwM only clerk to a amuL but those who Iknew anything about him taid that he was ?one of the cleverest yonug men in Marseilles, «nd as my parents were only small store keepers they did not make many objections to ?my marrying him. We had only a couple of irooms to live in, and thirty francs a week to Hive upon ; bat it was all bright enough for tthe first year ; and then, and then, I found -oot tttsgs about my clever young husband. 'Xbere was more money, but it wasn't came by wery honestly ; and we had to leave Marseflles *ooe night in secret, nevec to go back there. ?we came to Paris, of course — everybody comes ito Paria— and Dolores wss born in a little ^street near St. Germain I'Auxerois where we igtmggled on somehow — till tbe end came for ?my husband, the bitter, cruel end. Are yon ?ever soing to get me that mouthful of ?cognac?' ' Yes, yes, aunt, but indeed vou would be Ibetter without it.' ** How dare you dictate to me ? I am sick «nd faint wi.ii thinking of my wretched past. ?Get me some cognac this instant !' Louise left the room and returned with a tfiny carafe, and Titania's Venetian goblet. She did all she conld to discourage her aunt's growing propensity for alcohol, hut cue was ?only a dependent. She might remonstrate, Ifaut she was compelled to obey. ' He was arrested at a low dancing place, among men and women of the vile3t character men who were like bad women, women who 'were like vicious men,' pursued Uadame Qaijsda, eagerly helping herself to the cognac with a tremulous hand*. 'Why dwelt upon those bygone troubles? I know all the sad story.' ** It does me good to talk — anything is better than the silence of this ghastly room— white *od gold— so white, so cold and cheer less, Kke a room meant for ghosts. It is relief to talk cf wfcat I suffered in those d*ya. He was amstet far robbery, swindling a long aeiies of fruJs, *od he was taken to prison. I never saw him atUre again. He hanged him self at daybreak, within two hours of his arrest, hanged himself .with a silk handker chief upon the iron tar.of the prison-erating . before ne even been ecami ed by the juge . cTuwtrudiott, and before bis jailers thought it i in 1 1 him v to take any special precautions .against suicide.' *' You were much to be pitied, aunt,' said 'Louise, quietly, patting away tbe neat litile (boxen of cards. She bad heard the story of herannt's marriage *very often of late, for Madame Quijuda had .grown more loquacious in proportion as she .indulged hi alcohoL i-he did not talk of these Tthinss to Dolores, who had been brosght up ?in ignorance of her father's character, had, jodeed been brought op to believe that ibe -def unct Qoijada was the scion of a noble Anda laaian family, whereas the lawyer's clerk of MAneiUes was tbe son of a pettifogging lawyer, and the name Quijada bad been only adopted by Dolores' mother when she went to Madrid. She found the name in a volume of Cervantes which she opened at random. ' Oh, I faave bad a dreadful life, Lonise. I hare been surronnded by criminals,' cried Madame Qoijada, after two or three little glasses. ' Don't talk of it, aunt,' repeated herniece, with a sudden vehemence. ' You ought to be wiser than to talk to me of the past, know ing how mnch I have suffered — knowing that I shall never cease to suffer from that bitter memory, that the very presence of that man in the room stifles me. I cannot breathe when he is near me. I feel as if £ roost fall upon him and kOl him, as he killed ? ' ' Hush, hush I' cried her aunt, looking apprehensively towards the door. ** You are right. We ought never Jto talk of the past It is dangerous, dangerous in every way. Heaven be praised, we have not heard of your brother for six months. We may never hear of him again.' 'Ah, I always dread him most, after an interval of absence. He will reappear as be has reappeared before— or, if not, we shall read of some crime that has been, committed in some foreign city, and we shall know that it is his work. He has neither heart nor con science. Can I ever forget, do you think, how be killed the man I idolised— the best and roost tjenerons of men ? Can I ever forget how he used my name — n&me; for evermore hateful to me — as a lure to draw that good, brave man to his death 1 And yet be dares to come into a room where I am — he dares to offer- me his hand, red with the stain of murder.' ' You have no right to fix that crime upon your brother,' Madame Qoijada exclaimed angrily. 'There is nothing to identify him with tbe murder, absolutely nothing. Your name might be used by anyone. The un fortunate man may hare talked about yon, boasted of his conquest in the presence of his servants— of some French or Italian butler perhaps, who, being in the house, would know all his master's intended movements, and all about the money which was to change bands that day. Servants are often agents — con- sdbus or unconscious — in crimes that mystify everybody. You have no right to associate Leon with that crime. 14 1 have the right of my own conviction. I know as well that it was his hand that struck the blow as if I had been standing by when the murder was done. I have no doubt about the murderer. What I want to find out is the identity of the murderer'* accomplice— before God and man as gufltv as the murderer himself. Who was the middle-aged woman who met Robert Hatrell in the street, and asked him to go to Antoinette Morel's death bed? Who was the woman who used that lure? Who wad the elderly Frenchwoman who changed the English bank-notes on the Riviera ? Can yon answer me thosequestion*, aunt, yoa whose bread £. have eaten— the bitter bread of dependence — and whose slave I have been since my P-p**** left me unmble to grapple with the outside world? I have been afraid to live anywhere else — afraid to be among other people, lest in some moment of lark thoueht I should betrav mv brother. He is of my own blood, and I have sworn to myself never to give him up to justice.' 'Give him up!' cried her aunt, con temptuously. ' Why you have not one shred of proof against him. There is nothing hat your own brain-sick fancies to connect your brother with that Englishman's death, Yoa are toqufe, child, about Robert Hatrell. Your poor brain has never got over the fever that yonr sick fancies brought upon yon ; and one ought to be patient with you, and let you talk any silly nonsense you like. Luckily for your brother the police are not influenced by lysterical women. They want facts, hard facts; and there is not one fact to connect yonr brother Clande Leon Morel, with the crime in Denmark-street.' 'Or you with, the jtnyBterious accomplice,' said Louise. ' Perhaps not. Yet if that is so why did you both change your names within a month of the murder ? Why was I made to change ray name from Mrrel to Uarcet, and to assume my second baptismal name in place of my first ?' *' Your brother had made himself notorious during the -Commune. He was not included in the amnesty, and be coold not return to have been shot with the others at Satory. His resurrection would have been dangerous.' ' Say that the false name meant nothing ; but bow do you account for the sudden change from poverty to wealth ? Vou and I were living in an attic in a wretched dirty street in one of the shabbiest, dreariest quarters of that great wilderness of brick, where we had taken refuge after the troubles here. One day you dissappeared without telling me where yon were going, leaving me just a line to say yoa were going away on business and might be some time away. Yoa left me pennfles3t except for the pittance I was able to earn by working fora Jewish tailoring house, ciuel work, which wore my finpers to the bone. You had been gone - a week when I heard some women in the court where I lived talking of a murder. I could just understand enough English thec to know what they were talking about, but I listened heedlessly enough until I heard the name of Hatrell — not pronounced as I pronounced it, yet a great horror came over me at the thought that it might be the same name. It was not he who was murdered I told myself. I vu an idiot to be so dis turbed by fear, and yet I could not command myself or keep calm while I questioned the women. They couldn't tell me who the murdered man was^-only that his name wee Hatrell. They said if I wanted to know more I had better buy a newspaper, t rushed out into the street like a mad woman, and it seemed to me as if I should never find a shop where they sold; newspapers, though there hundreds of shops in the long busy street. At last I found a tobacconist's where there were a lot of newspapers etnek in a rack against the doorway. I took three of them, haohazird. and gave the storekeeper the Ust ^k at di/papers UU I «? -f' -. I* ''? hole, like iwounded uimil; and then 1 bolted the door and sat down opou the bare boards and unfolded one of the newspapers. ' Why go over all this old ground, Lcofte J A little while ago yon reproached me for dweMng on theorist; and now you are na^SgoponoUsorel Yoa have toldme the atory often enough.' . Louise had begun to pace the room in an agitated manneras she talked, while Madame 'aijada sank deeper into her luxurious arm chair, and sat there looking up at her niece with an awe-stricken countenance, as if sbe had been Nemesis. Time was when she would have hare pnt down each speed. as this with a high hand ; but the growing habit of brandy andchloral had weakened her energies, bbe who once held so firm a mastery over daughter and niece was now powerless to control '''T'wOl talk of these things. You have kent me knur enough in miserable silence and submission. I have been your drudge-not because I feared you, or valued the home yon have given me-but because I care nothing for mf life, and would as soon be a servant as an empress. But there are times when the memory of the past is too strong far me. 1 want you to know what I suffered while I was alone in that garret. Ehe room comes back to me in my dreams sometimes with a hideous reality and I fancy I am sitting there in the hot summer afternoon, sticthing, stitching m hopeless monotony, as if I were a human machine. I must talk of that hideous past It is in my mind always ; itisa part cf me. She walked to and fro in silence for a Jew tnfrrates, and then went oa recalling ner misery, step by step. ' The first newspaper I opened was full of the Denmark-street murder— and the Den mark-street mnrder was the murder of Bobert Hatrell. I could read English mnch better than I could speak it, and there was not one word of the witnesses that escaped me. I saw my own name, and understood that it was the name of his poor Antoinette which had lured him to the shambles in which he was to be killed. Aod then I knew that the murderer was my brother — my brother whose face I had not seen since the first (ew weeki after we came to London. I knew that the pretended watch-maker in Denmark street was my brother, and the woman who asked Robert Hatrell to go to the death-bed of a girl called Antoinette must be yoa and only yon. And I know that, because Robert Hatrell had once been kind to me, and loved me a little, perhaps, in spite of the difference of our (stations, because of those (ew happy days of my girlhood, he had been trapped and murdered. It was not till afterwards that I read aboat the changing of the notes on the Riviera ; but when 1 did I knew well enough that the gray-headed Frenchwoman was you. I knew your shifty tricks well enough in the past to know that yon would hare no difficulty iu disguising yourself and aping tbe manners of a woman of quality. That waB two months afterwards, when I was well enough to leave the French Boepital, where I was carried raving mad with brain .fever after starving in my garret for nearly a week, trying to work from day break to dark, and spending sleepless nights in agony. But for the refuge that blessed institution afforded me I mnst have died of hunger in my garret, or been turned out of doors to die in the street. My landlord was a cabdriver, and had the humanity to put* me in his cab, burnt op with fever and delirious as I was, and drive me to the hospital, where he told them my story.' ' I sent yon money as soon as I had settled at Madrid, where I went in hope of getting kelp from an old friend.' «~ * » ' Yes, your letter telling me to go to Madrid and enclosing tbe money for the journey arrived after I bad gone to the hospital. The letter was given to me when I recovered my senses, and when I was able to travel I set out for Spain. In Madrid 1 found you eslab tished in very different quarters to our garret in the Minories. Yonr old friend had been very geoerona toyou. You whohad been nearly starving in London were able to make a very good figure in Madrid, able to send your danghter to a convent .school, you who were living on bread and water before Robert Hatrell was murdered. Do you suppose I ever doubted where your money came from ? I knew from the beginning that your money was the price of blood. You called rue mad when I refused to eat or drink with yon while your prosperity lasted. You laughed at me because I preferred a crust of bread in my garret to your dainty fare. When your money was gone and you were again reduced to poverty my mind was easier, I could better bear to live with you, and then I grew fond of Dolores— she at least was innocent of all evil —and so I learned to bear the life.' '.'Tf11 f' » fo°'-' muttered Madame Qnijada; hastily. 'I have heard nil this rodomonUd? oE yoars eo often that I neTer think it worth my while to argue with you. Just give me yonr arm to help me to try room, before Dolores and her husband come home from the theatre. These rheumatic knee! of mine will hardly carry me upstairs without assistance. You are a fool, Louise You might be a mflliner's drudge, loiliug among a lot of other drudges at this day if it were not for yon cousin Dolores and me.' 'I might have been lying at the bottom of the Seine long an. if it were not for Dolores ' answered Louise, gloomily. ' Her love has been the only bond that held me to life ' 