How Mr Btakey was De feated. Good morning, Mr Editor, I've come in to settle my account, Oh! Take a seat MrBlakely. How do you do. Take a seat. The wea ther still continues vet. I suppose vou feel dam*— J— . Bad on it I mean you had a bad night of it after polling day. By the way yon look all right on it though. It's a grand thing to be a teetotaller. Strong nerves, eh. Some men in your posi tion would have laid up i-x a week Buffering from swelled head, after Annd a. mental strain. I've seen suo Cussful oandidates oarried home, and unsuccesful one too by ? their ' supporters.' They didn't carry you home I know. You didn't hear how the other candidates got home I suppose. I havn't heard yet. God bless my eoul you don't seem to be any the worse for last night's experi ence. Tou evidently slept well. Thanks very much. Just wait awhile the clerk will bring in a teoeipt. Blakey — Thanks Mr Editor for the compliment. ' You've got the cash. I've got the experience.' I'd like to give the public the benefit of the ex perience. Editor— -Good. I'm Bore it will be appreciated, Mr Blakey. Let us have the truth, Blakey— Well, you know (I didn't know) about four months ago Mr Lewis ? what's his name Editor— O, never mind his name. ' There's nothing in a name.' M'Euff was as good a man as Hamlet's ghost when he was dead. Blakey — Weil Lewis told me to come out ? Editor — ' Outside.' Blakey — No t Come out as a can didate, and break up the 'click.' Well afterwards I met George Davies. Editor — Pardon me, Daviea is a. new south Welshman. He's the a coming mayor— th» white horse in the new race. Blakey (smiling)— The Governor will dip him in the white-wash dam. Well George Davis told me, W» met in the train you know. (I didn't know.) You know I'm not a scholar, so you'll have, to lick this into shape. (I know). Davies told me he was glad to hear I intended to ' stand.' tie assured me he had 60 votes for me. Well, 1 thought it was good enough, I owed Paddy a pound or two, and went in to pay. Editor— -I'm glad you pay your bills, Mr Blakey. Blakey— Oh, yes. When I went in — Paddy was expecting me — he threw up his arm savins: ' If rou talk of (the devil he's eura to appear.' He confidentially said, with bis hand on my shoulder, 'a gentleman juet this very instant left me, who said he was going to vote for you. So am I, and I'm really glad to hear that you intend to stand.' Editor — Did he say all that. Blakey — Those were his own words. Shortly afterwards I went out and me a banker. Editor — You mean you eat down on the retaining wall, and^fell in. Blakey — Well, he eaid, giving me the toe of his boot Editor—To take out West. Blakey — No simply giving me the toe of his boat behind, he said, ' Now Blakey if you don't beat the dootor I'll give you another.' Well* ? Editor — Not too much well. At well often makeB ub too white for this world. Blakey— Well— that's the end of it. Editor — What spark. It's time to suspend payment, and form a new solar system. Blakey — Well I : considered lit looked as good as 160 votes, but on polling day what did I find. Why, over 60 plumped for Kitch, and a lot of them were my pledged supporters. I was the first candidate to oome for ward to break up the clique, and and those who tried hard to break up the clique played the dog in the manger by asking the electors to ' plump' for Kitch. Anyway I'd rather 17 straight votes than 107 with 00 plumpers. I believe in fair Koinsr. Editor — I see there a bit of the white horse about you. You don't drink baBe elements. You take Adam's ale. The pure stuff from just « above the fall.' Blakey — No I'm not a elave to the ' otherside,' and that a clique of an other kind. Editor— One below the ' fall.' Ah itB the curse again. Don't have any thing to do with cliques, Mr Blakey. They'll rob you of every moral fibre in .your body. Good morning, and thanKo rjnjn for the cheque. The printer's ' mese'eDgar'in-waiting' will see you to the door. 