fliè Halloween Píiooca. Ali Irish Story of the Rebellion of 1798. :[BY GERALD BRENAN.] IT -wa« Halloween in Bal ly carney par Over the mountain came the hoarse win« .arly winter, shaking down the last le* from tree and hedgerow, and banging too doors left open in autumn evening fashion Ai Mehaul the aheannachie and a congei party passed up Killarney Glen toward ?worthy farmer's, (where there were to revelry and feasting), they,contmenced ss ly upon the weather, and- promised a b teri ng firat of November. Itwpnld be noti by the observer that Mehaul .and hi'a frie kept very cleBe together, as they toiled the glan. This fact is explainable when i recalls the occasion. Halloween, in Ireh -aa in Scotland, Brittany, and all Ce countries-has, since remote ages,- been grand annual playnight of fairy, wraith s hobgoblin. Just so soon as the twilight fi upon the last day of October, the ap world ia popularly supposed to possess limited sway^ among the green fields t wind-swept uplands of old Erin ; and woe tb» careless mortal who falls into the elate of these awful wanderers of the night! ' H indeed, until cock-crow .on the follow morning dp the mystic . merry-makers 1 their power. Hence, it is. still customi for old and young to carefully bestow the .elves within doors and there pass ' the ti .with song and story every successive H loween. Hence also tho very evident fi displayed by the group of men and boys n making for Fatm«r Connellan's cozy hous There had been trouble connected w the little expedition from ' ita very ontfi The path through the' glen is narrow, nee .itating a march'in single file. But the gi is dark and overgrown with thorn-trees, 1 sides being a notorious haunt of the " go people ", (as the fairies are called by, way flattery). Consequently none appeared uti iou« to march, at the head of the line. 'Ye'nTnot frightened o' the 'good peopl Mt ye, ; boys V asked, old Mehaul . with cunning leer. 'Maybe 'tis yersslf that's afraid,'retort great Con Hegau, the best hurler anil jump in the parish; '. If net, lead on. Age gc first.' 'tiure, ould age needs young hands clear the way, Con, avick,' said the «hean ach ie. ' Yarragil, start boys, or his riveren will be sayin* that 'tts stipoistitious we an 'Superstitious'!' growled the giant Co * A man can be a good Christian an' yet b lieve in ghosts on Halloween.' . The voyage to Killarney Glen'might n< have been made at all'had not Denny Co nellan,' the farmer's son, arrived with a me ?age from his father unking what had becon of the expected guests. « Dinny alannah,'said old Mehaul cm "tiingly, 1 go on ahead, an' keep a lookout f< ould stumps an' stones an' the like.' . 'Tis afraid o' the sperm ts, I am,'excluir ed Denny. 'Sure, I ran all the way dow the glen, and twice I . thought 1 «aw thinj -..in'white moviñ' down, by thu brook.' .. «I'll: tell ye a story, Dinny, if ye lead tl way,' plsaded tbesheaiuiacliie. Denny Co indian's dread .of the ' good ^people " was ou weighed by his intense, native love of romai tío fiction.' For a moment he wavered, gla ciug up at the moon, still low in tl sky. ' 'Tis early, yet,' he said, 'there won't I many of them out till later. You. start yi ?tory, Mehaul, an' I'll go first. But grab u ? quick, Mehaul, if you see the phoocu.' ' The phooca I' exclaimed tho now greatl relieved Blieannachie, while the tiinorot \- group fell into line. ' Sure 'tis about a phoot I'm gobi' to tell you-the most patriot ' phooca'as ever I heard tull of-the san , phooca as saved Master Geoffrey Carney froi . the scaffold in that y<'4ir o' blood'au' batt! '98.'. One by one the farmer's guests clara here ' over the style into the glen, while the sin aiiuuohie's sonorous voice repeated a tale < which Ballycamoy people never tire. tt appeared, accoiding to old Mehaul, th« . during the gory Irish rebellion of 1798, on Geoffrey Carney, a brother to tba then lor of the manor, had tieen induced, throug ' friendship with Lord Eil ward Fitzgerald an other patriot leaders to join the rebel cause After the end nf the war he fled into th mountains, hotly pursued by. Btitish trooper Had he been captured,; death without tris would assuredly have proven his por ti or For months he wandered through the Ideal r passes of Slisvecurnny, living on food suppliei .o him by the iieaHiiutry,. and on occasions dainties smuggled to hun from Oastli Carney. The manner in wliioh thesi latter ' good things were ? brought wai at least interesting. Geoffrey Oariipj had "¡a.. young ..nephew-also . his^ god Rnn-a fine, daring boy of 10, who, in aftei years became famous as " Black Sir Phillip'' But in those dava Phil Oaring was not .'.black exoHpt aa regarded his very fine eyes and in's ? raven hair." "How, Phil WUK accustomed) ¿(i ? ' go forth «for: voyages onr his' . pony .over'1 the luoiintairi. and'in .tho'saddle-bags'": hu' 'ctrried . many good things to. his uncle. None of th« .- dragoona or yeomanry1-:thought ? of <> urrestirig a "sumir boy, evideutly bent upon ''Rompplea sure jaunt. By imitating the mournful calli of thc plover Phil brought his undo .to'his side : and then a rendezvous for future usn having been fixed, he would trot with empty saddle- bags back, to Castle Carney;,. ! But treachery was at work, and it soon luí osme clpar that unless'Geoffrey Ournoy could be smuggled out of Iii« mountain hidihg place ami shipped to France hi» lite woulu not be safe.. ' Long and earnest consultations in Castle Carney resulted in no scliemo be ing devised. Winter approached, sleeping on the hills hogan to become impossibltV'iuid,' above all, the dreaded North Munster militia had1 been dispatched into Slievccaruey barony to hunt down poor Geoffrey and other fugi tiras. Thone North Munster soldiers'were all the more terrible because, being Trish, : themselves, ; they, had renegaded and fought' «gainât the rebellion, Av here the Bri tish sol dier* showed occasional., mercy, these Wu rriot-R ? sharing"the blood ujid ciMtou'is of their victims acted in. a;. most ,hl¿ódthirsty ¿uiaVuier.'-No wonder his* friends trembled 'for Geoffrey, Carney when. the vNorth, M linster regiment «ame to hunt him.down, a detachment of the ti<M>ppn:( Ujvaa a'cavalryL'i'egiment)riiindei> one Captain Patrick O'Murphy Waa quarter ed in Castle Carney itself, sud from the walla of the fine old house went forth to trap and shoot their host's brother. ' " But if all others abandoned Geoffrey to ibis fate, not so young Phil Carney. After ; waiting some days 'for caution's "sake, the boy started out on another expedition to visit his uncle. ' ' Return early, Phil, cried his father . re member this is Halloween.' Halloween 1 The words flashed across young Phil's brain like light down a dark tunnel. Here, at last, was a scheme by which his uncle could be released under the vary noses of the savage ' North Munster.' Canter ing quickly down to Bal ly carney village and pulling up under the portals of tba Carney 'Arma, th« boy made a hurried communication to the hostelry's burly . landlord, and the landlord quickly responded : 'AU right Mas ter Phil. The horse will be at the cross roads at fifteen minutes past midnight. She's a fine mara, an' will carry Master. Geo-him, ye know, to the seashore in.four hours at the farthest.'- , . ='- > '. - : '. ? ' i Phil Carney nodded, and away went the gray pony clattering up Bally carney .-street,, justas captain O'Murphy happened to be sauntering down. ? . ^..u/v.'.r¡r. : 'Wild young limb, that IV: observed the renegade captain, sulkily. ' Juat wait, though we're out over the hills tonight; an' 'twill go hard if we don't'catch that uncle rebel of his. Mighty dismal Halloween ¡this will be for my friends at Castle Carney. In spite of pressing invitations to remain at the castle, and partake of the usual Hal loween festivities, Captain O'Murphy resolu tely ordered - his' tuen but for'duty ' On- the mountains that evening. It has been stated that the ' North Mun ster' were Irishmen. They certainly shared all the superstitions of their race, and had no love for even the delectable sport of rebef huiiting upon the ' dreaded, ghost-haunted Halloween. -.' Sure 'tis tho fairies will set a leg afther us,''cried one strapping private. ' Aye,' grumbled another, ' the: phooca will catch us.' - ; - ' Here, for th« benefit of the uninitiated, it it iuay.be stated that the phooca (most ut terly feared of all Halloween goblins) is a weird creation supposed "to consist of .a hors« or bull, with the liead and shoulders of a human being, and pictured^ as gujloping madly but wholly'noiselessly onward, destroying all living things which' bar its putt). At the very meution cf the phooca there was a res ponsive shudder beneath the buckram regi mentals of Captain O'Murphy'* troopers. * But orders'were order«,' so thu detachment set fearfully "''forílf to "fake" the*bleak roHd which (woundup into Slievecarney.Mountain. Thé road was quite""deserted," for all decent people were sheltered, from . ghosts within - doors. The moon cast a pale,' watery light; upon the heather as the horsemen moved up- , ward and in the uncertain light keen eyes! were needed to distinguish objects at any: distance. ,. ?>??? ¡ Many a trooper that night wished himself: safe home in bed, instead of hunting rebels' among the silent.hills. Indeed, the 'valiant' heart of the.« captain,-.himself had begun-to quail. . Just as they reached the.highest,point of the mountain road (where in those, days a: 'huge-gallows swung its-ghastly load "of 'corp ses to the. wind) there came «cross the moors the unmistakable call of a plover. ; < So highly wrought, were the men of the North Munster soldiers that every horse was instantly .Veined in, without un order to that effect having been given. Tb» cap tu i II, how ever, did not seem to notice this gross breach of discipline. He had stopped himself 'and was gazing steadily in front of him over the mooil'.it stretch of bog and heather.'>The eyes of the'soldiers turned in the same direction; . Suddenly one of th«"men uttered a sharp; painful cry. . , .---- ' 'There was something comings toward »them across the mountain top 1 , ? ¿ . It was a strange, suggestive something-a something that shoun' ghastly white in tho .moonlight -a something that travelled at terrific speed. ?' In heaven's name,' cried the captain, ' what have we' here Y '? ¡ . * Over the ditch into the road went the np ploughing visitant at a bound. Clear against the moon the soldiers.saw what scorned to lie a monstrous torin--half horse, half hideous,' indescribable;.shapelessness. ¡Into . t|ie i hurd white rond Inaped'the being* ; and the heart of Captain O'Murphy delated fora second its functions, whon it was borne' upon him th ut the-hoofs of the now comer made no single sound upon the hard hill road. ' :.< ..-? ' T,he phonca.l yerragh, 'tis'tho phooca 1' he yelled in au ecstnisy of fear. ' Thou, us if by -magic,'the. hoads of-th« soldiers' horses we ie turned toward thc ditches On either sida 1 of the road,'and in a few minutes' the 'troopers of the North Munster detachment .'were frantically . flying i; across .:-corni try-utterly \- routed by the noiseless aparition of the moun tain: top.. But straight down th« hill rode'toward BullycHrney crosti'-- roads*went ¡the. ,' phooca.' : By. tho cross ^too'l H suiull «roiip-of men surrounding a - handsome bay lhuier' ready saddled. ..Curiously... enough this group did ' not fly us: thu noise I ess J presence' approached. Itistuad, a tull,mun,- thu inkeeper of Bally carney, rushed out and seized the ' phooca' by its 'steaming' bridle.-- ",<. ;.. ^ Then the white sheet was pulled off the phoo ca'8 buck, und tienen tb it- appeared Geoffrey O'Oarnéy..holding, iii bis urina -his nephew Piiil. Eager hands bel pud (JciillVey into the saddle nt tim buy mur." andi after n h urned adieu (for moinuuts -wete precious) -the young mau went galloping toward the sou-coast, from whence bu wax able safely , to -'reach Fr.inciv : : ». .. . *. .? ' ? ' But young Phil Carney was surrounded by tho eagnr crowd. : ..<-:;:;v- ? " ' Did ye scare 'em;. Master Phil Î'. LWSH the question on every side. . ' Scare 'em T repeated the deservedly proud Phillip, i ' Thriy thought 'twas' the phooca and run for thfir lives. They might to bu in the next barony by this time.' 'There was a arni,' us the bute heir,, of the Garneys stooped clown"to untie from the feet Of bin gray pony the thick'bands of .?Kin w which hurl rendered.,the feet of the . ' phooca' noiseless on the hiah road. \- As.for,OaptuirV,Murphy und his men, they nuvei'äwent rebel hunting any .moro'. Tim rid- - ioulu attached to their lust.exploit killed all i desire for.tliat spore in^beir bosom*. u * * * * * : * * Jnst as Mehaul the sheannachie ended the «tory, the lights oí the farmer's hospital cottage gleamed round a bend in the'glen. 'Well,' said tall Con, the hurler, ' 'tis a fine story ; but it doesn't prove that phoocas j don't exist ; 'an fer my part, 'tis glad I am to | see our journey's end so near. I'm not fond of dark, glens on Halloween night, d'ye mind.* 