" G L A D Y S . " A ROMAMGE OF THE SPRING TIME. PART I. BY M. II. B. A lovely morning in spring, when you ioom to sea the trees growing and the Holers opening to tho sun—-all nature ia •so bright around that you always fool a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and a song of thanksgiving rises to your lips, for the fact of life, 'and the blodaiuy of good health to enjoy it. A garden lies before us, sloping gradually to the river, and filled with all the aweeteat perfumes of bud and blossom— au old-fashioned garden—where the Lent lilies bent their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi .shared the honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of the cottage type, though built with plenty of space at command, and showing outhouses and stabling m its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed with this world's goods to live in comfort, at any rate, if n°ot in absolute luxury. Seated under a spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in'her hand, was a girl of surpassing grace and beauty • one glance at the pure oval of her face, the deep gray of her eyes, and the golden brown of her hair, " sunning over with curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands and feet, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had been "the beauty,"par excellency of the last three seasons. There was, however, a tinge (•*. melancholy in tiio wistful droop of her rusv lips which suggested the fact, that thouVh an heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not ennrely happy or free from care. Flitiing about from shrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone d elated, and gradually tilling the basket sho carried in her hand 'with all"the spoils of the garden, was another "irl. Tiie two were much alike, but this'one was younger, brighter, fairer, and evidently happier than her cousin, for such was the degree of relationship between the two. IJeatrice, the elder cousin, was the owner of the pretty cottage, where also dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affection existed between the two g;rls. Up to the present moment, Gladys had been the chief spokeswoman, but the conversation had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it difficult to remain long in one place, and gathering flowers aliofded a splendid exercise for perpetual ! motion. how, however, she came and j settled herself on the grass at her cousin's ! feet, and with a little sigh of content ' beean to anange her spoils. .. • L,i ' af - nc '' continued tiie conversation as ! U 110 interruption had taken place. j "it is all very fine for you to talk, ; G.auys, just because you hapnen to be engaged to the best fellow in the world— the best 'catch' of the season—a band- ! s.ome man, and one who, beside all those 1 advantages, is as madly in love with vou, | uttle cousin, as if these were tho clays of chivalry, arid you were an enchanted j princess iu a moated castle. He has only ! one, serious fault that I know of, and • there s 110 denying that he is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." ''It's the only thing that prevents our love-story being as common-place as a cook's or a housemaids," pouted Gladys, " but I am always hoping that something may turn up to arouse his jealausv, but you kno\v," confidentially, and with a quaint little sigh. "I'm so dreadfully in love with him, that I don't think it ever can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure I could never give him even the slightest cause—" "Oh, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin ; "but I trust you will never find this out, Gladys." " I don't mean to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued Glady's, as if she had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded tho interruption, and holding up a buncla of creamy rosea to see how they harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of parenthesis, "or that Claude is not the best and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, 1 know, quite too good for me ; but I am sure, Trisy," coaxingly looking up into the elder girl's face to try to get her to v.gree, " it would have been much wiser md much more romantic if he had happened to be an artist, and worn a velveteen coat, and—" "Yes," laughingly, "yes, my dear coz, much more romantic, but not one-half so convenient. It was because my lover, Denz.il da Lisle, was poor, that Aunt Catherine forced me So reject him. Don't srsff G-ladys my dear," speaking vsry tenderly, "that the most rornantia surroundings can ever reconcile you to saying 6 good-byo ' to one whom you truly love. I shall never forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again, I could then die happily." "Nonsense, love," said Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately, " don't talk about dying in this glorious weather ; let's think of : something happy and bright, like the sun- ; shine," gathering all the flowers into a big I bunch. "Claude said he'd be down about 1 twelve, and take us both up the river fish- { ing. Yes, Trix, as you say, I'm a lucky ; girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, j I don't think I shall ever want one of my own ; but, still, you must allow that j poverty—mind, poverty without rags, I i distinctly object to rags—poverty is so much more romantic than having all the luxuries of life and a few over. "My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have them ; you were made for the ! sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great : sorrow, or even a great love, although j doubtless you'll go through life quite respectably without either." This was said in a joking maimer, but when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth be- ! ginning to pout and the brown eyes fill i with tears, she drew her cousin tenderly 1 to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. "Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happiness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you— you musn'tmindme, dear. You will understand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. I am going into the house ; shall I bring your hat, dear 1 " "Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crow." " That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's 1" " 2sTo," with a merry laugh, "not at all ; and I don't think Claude would like a blackamoor for a wife, dear Trixy," watching the graceful figure till she disappeared into the cottage. "Well, I don't w r onder at men falling in love with Beatrice, I should myself ; it's quite a delight to me to watch her face, and I'm not a man, or I suppose it would be more so. I'm quite proud to be her cousin, and for people to pretend that they see a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. I would do anything in the world for her — only I'm awfullj' glad Claude didn't like her best, because I don't think I could give him up, even to Beatrice. But," with a puzzled look, " if h® had liked her best, I don't suppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well," with a shake of the head, " I don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if he had been poor, I could have proved my devotion by—" But the rest of her meditations were cut short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shriek of pretended dismay, Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, to right and left, ilor face looked very rosy as sho ha^.tiy released herself and stooped t o pick : .:p tho blossoms, exclaiming in tragic • rue::, -- ' 'h. Chu. oo, how you frightened me ! " " Frightened you, sweetheart 'I Why, what aelvunsy brute 1 must be. But there, never mind those Dowers, Ladybird, I'll take good ca-f; nobody else frightens you while I am here." He took her in his arms and bestowed a dozen kisses on her lips. .His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard and flaxen hair shone like threads of gold in the sunshine. Mis blue eyes rested withdeeploveand admiration on the dainty figure he held in his arms." After a few minutes given to lover-like demonstration, he seated himself on the grass beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by his side, possessing himself of one small hand. " And now tell me what you were talking about, when I came." Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she recollected the wish that was on Iter lips. " Talking ! Was I talking? What did'l say 1 " " Well, I only heard part of a sentence, it was thia : ' I could have proven my devotion by—''' " Oh," with a nervous little laugh, I suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude." " Private theatricals, indeed I Now look here, Gladys," in a very masterful tone, "I won't have you talking about your devotion to any other fellow but me. How do I know if you talk about it but what you may feel it, and then," lugubriously, "what is to become of me ? No. 110, sweetheart, talk as much about devotion to me ^ as you please, 1 am open to as many confidences 011 that subject as you like to make, so fire away, I'm ready." [ "Nonsense. Claude,"said Gladvs,laughing in spite of herself, ' as if one could make love to order, like dress, or a coat, | or boots." " Well, nonsense or not, private theatricals are the very mischief, and put nonsense into girls' heads. I hate all such exhibitions ! " " But, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you know—" , " Charity be hanged ' Charity, should begin at home, and I believe its vanity that makes all you women so ready to exhibit yourselves to bo stared at at so much a he.id, ui.d r tho guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard lines if you'd got to do it for a living." "Now don't be disagreeable, You know Beatrice has promised, and you know all the places are booked at double prices to see the lovely .Mi s Cameron, ' the beauty of the last three seasons, in all the latest confections that Worth has promised to semi for the occasion—" "All well and good, if Beatrice likes to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, sees no objection ; but recollect I you are my properly now," looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. " And I won't have other fellows staring at you, and talking about you— discussing you as if you were a piece of statuary, or, the hist new picture. N >w don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't bear to see that dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladys, we'll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling," in a low, tender voice., drawing ; , her to him, " you can't think what pain it would be to me to hear my own little love discussed at the clubs as I hear so many other fellows' sisters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me (Jlaay'R, to find that you had eT«r had a secret from me. I know I should never forgivo you, if I found you had deceired me." He -was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on 30 slight a cause, but Gladys remembered for the first time since their engagement- how she had heard in the early days of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before he inherited his uncle's wealth, had been jilted by a certain lady, and how he had only then returned from his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when she answered him. " Deceive you, Claude—why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don't be silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way —not a little bit." " Because I know you like having my way best—now confess you de ?" "I shan't confess anything of the kind," said Gladys, perversely. "Ah, but I know you do," with a wise shake of the head. " Well, of course, if you know, there's no more to be said." "Where's Beatrice ?" he lazily inquired, after a slight loverlike pause. " Oh, Claude," she continued, in a sorrowful little voice, "she's just been telling me the very saddest love story I ever heard ; and, what is sadder still, it is every bit true." " Her own V' queried Claude, more interested in picking the bits of moss from Gladys pink dress, thanin ever so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. " Yes ; that's the reason she has never married, and "—in an awe-struck whisper —"she never intends to be, because she can't forget D—" At this moment a loud ring was heard, at which Claude jumped quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. " What a nuisauee ! 1 forgot all about it, but I asked a fellow to come clown today and go fishing with us—you know dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrice to watch us spoon, and she's very good to be so little obtrusive, buo yet sue must feel de trop, at any rate I know she is just one too many, so I thought I would get a fellow to join us, and make a quartette instead of a trio, or rather a couple of duets—don't j'ou think it is a good idea, pet ?" "Oh, capital! Only it's no good ; Beatrice will never love again." " Well, at any rate, Denzil will entertain her ; he's the best fellow in the world —only came back from India last week. I ran up against him in Bond-street last night ; we were delighted to meet again— we used to be the greatest chums in the world, Denzil and I." "Denzil ! What a pretty name ; it sounds strangelv familiar," murmured Gladys. " What's his other name ?" "De Lisle—Denzil de Lisle. Why, Gladys, what is the matter ?" for Gladys had sprang to her feet as if by an electric shock, and now stood looking, flushed and eager, at her tall lover. "What name ? Say it again, Claude," clutching at lii3 arm as he was turning aside. " Denzil de Lisle. Do you know him V' —this latter in quick, suspicious tones. " Why, how odd you look !" " Do I ?" laughing nervously. "No, I don't know him—I have heard the name —nothing more." " I don't understand ; what do you mean V' laying a detaining hand on her shoulder. "Nothing," disengaging herself, "let me go ; I will be back directly. I must tell Beatrice ;" with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her in angry amazement. He made a step to follow her, but thought better of it, and took out his cigar case, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing influence of a picked Havana. The following sentences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar :— "I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow— I repeat, if I were jealous," this last was very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a small pebble into the river, " I should swear this was some old lover of hers ; but it can't be. I'll never believe my Gladys, my little white dove, could so deceive mo." Here he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the river. "No, I don't believe it, and yet. how I j | j i ! ; I ; , 'else account tor iter sudden ngilation at i the mention of Denzil's name ? it was that J-which so affected her, I'll swear—ah, here comes the fellow himself; I'll tackle him ;" going to meet him. " lie's d need good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of an officer and a. gentleman. Ah, my dear i fellow," as the two men met a'id cordially shook hands, "you've found us out. The girls will be very glad to see you. What a jolly day for a vow, isn't it ?" " Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright." "Oh, the fish are only an cxcuse. There's one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh, you needn't shake your head and try to look solemn; wait till you've Been her. I'm sure Mrs. Conway—" 4 ' Conway !" interrupted the other man quickly. " Did you say Conway ?'' Claude's face grew somewhat shadowed, as he answered,— "Yes. Do you know her ?" "I knew Mrs. Conway once—a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter ?" "Oh, yes;" eagerly. "Gladys ia-" "That name—it must be the same." He turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said, "Do you know I have searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but have been unable to hoar of her ? Lady Catherine Lennox is her aunt." "She was—didn't you know that she is dead ? But, tell me, old fellow, what do you know of Glady's ? Where did you see her? When ?" " She is the only woman I ever loved," rejoined the other. "I love her still, 'though Heaven knows she treated me scandalously. We were everywhere together for a month. I followed I her like her own shadow ; she smiled but on me, though then I was poor and she snubbed others, men who were rich and titled—" "Gladys, are you sure it was Gladys Conway ?'' " Sure. Do I know my own face in the glass ? Not better than I knew hers. Why, man, though I have not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for feature, and lino for line, as fair as it was falsa. She fooled me to the ton of niv r>ent, and I. was mr.ri enough to think sne loved me, when in the spring sunshine aha pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us ; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did, saying she was already pledged to Hugo Bankside, that I must forget her ; we had been very foolish, but it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the day before I met you in Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still unmarried, and I made up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of tho seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her so soon, with the hope that yet sho 111:13- be mine. All, I felt she could never have been so cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, some—•" " Yes, as you say, there had been somo mistake, but you must excuse me—so sorry —just rec illect a most important engagement— 3 r ou will wait here and see her. Gladys, Miss Conway—give that to her, I must be off at once." During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a fesv lines in his pocket-book and then torn out the leaf ; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his face. ; " Are you ill, old man ? You look a3 if you had seen a ghost." I "No, all right, thanks, it's only tho shadow from the trees;" with a faint laugh ;" see you again soon. Goodby." And with quick, decided steps, ho ; was gone. I "Ileally, that is too good of him, to make himself scarce like this, good old fellow, but I fancied from a word or two that he dropped the other day, that I was : to be introduced this morning to the : future Mrs. Meredith, but I suppose I was , mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to | him, anyhow, to give me a chance of seeing her like this. I wish she would come, ! and yet, I dread to think of it, if I should i be mistaken again. Ah, my darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till the thought of seeing you again has so unnerved me ; but I must not meet her with a gloomy face. Ah, here she comes 1" And the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps he had heard was only Gladys, ! who felt slightly disconcerted to find a : stranger there, and no sign of Claude what- , ever. She advanced, however, in her pretty fluttering way, and held out a • tiny hand, which Major de Lisle took 1 and cordiallypressed, for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near her. "Major de Lisle, I presume?" said Gladj-s, in her bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinking what a goodly man thisloverof hercousin's was. He was tall and slight, with a wellproportioned and well-built frame, which looked remarkably enduring. The face was that of a man who had thought and suffered; clear olive skin, and waving dark brown hair,and heavy, droopingmustache, kindly, deep brown eyes, that women, little children and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. " Yes, that is my name. I came here by Claude Meredith's invitation, and now as he has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce myself. He left this note for Miss Conway." Gladys looked as he felt, truly astonished, but held out her for hand the letter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. | " Claude gone—without saying good-by. j How strange ! You don't know me, Major i de Lisle, although you are very familiar ; with my name. I am Gladys Conway, the ; second." j He started perceptibly. ! " Tiie Gladvs Conway you know is my | cousin, but you will never see her more. Ah, forgive me," seriously, "I did not mean to alarm you. You will see my cousin almost immediately, but under another name. Oh, how stupid lam ! No, she is not married, but has changed her name to Beatrice Cameron. It was a fancy of her godfather's, who left her a large fortune on that condition. Strange to say, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of coarse, I do not know your history, but I am quite sure," with a charming smile, "that one whom Gladys loved must be worth loving." " Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still free ?"' he pleaded. " As free as air—or rather, I should say, as free as a woman can be who is bound up in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, mere loving and more loved than ever ; but I am persuaded she will never marry—that is, I mean," with a little questioning look at her companion, "she will never marry unless you ask her again. I am certain there must have been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin—for Gladys' sake—I ask you straightforwardly, why you sent her that cruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truth." She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but ho answered her then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her tender ones. " Why, I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mistake, that I must forget her, as lie was betrothed to Arthur Bankside, on account of his wealth and position. What could I, tho penniless subaltern in an expensive regiment. reply to such an appeal ? Could I hold her to her word so lightly given, or even did I do so. would she consent fo bo so held ? It, almost b.'ok- my heart, and: totally shattered by b-liof in woman's di«- interesledne1 left, London tiiatnighl. md lano as soon as I eould mako the excliange. veb Can y hi fancy what feelings of Tantalus I had, v hen th" first let ters 1 received from homi : told me of my accession to -Wealth and e.- tatef! of which till that inoiiient 1 bad ne .'C.r dreamed." " But she —Gl idys- - never wrote that loiter you k of ; it must have been Aunt Kate i s. Lennox. You know sho was very proud of Glady-i in a way, and had determined she should make; the best match of the season ; but Dr. Bankside didn't propose till the dav after you left' town, and Gia.dvs refused him point blank' then, and has kept 011 refusing him ever, since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, and packed her oil', then and there, back to ns. to the old house in CornwaH, whor® we had lived all our lives, and continued to do so till two years ago, when old Squirt; Cameron died, and left his goddaughter, Gladys Conway—your Gladys, you know—ten thousand a year, and hia estate in Ayrshire, the only proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother—-Beatrice—and add thereto his own patronymic of Cameron ; so that ia the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the details ; but now—are you not dying to fee her? Confess now, "added the light- hearted girl. "Yes, indeed I am ; and can I see her —now—-at once ?" " Yes you shan't kept wailing long, I will go at once and htid Beatrice and send her to you, Will you come into the house, cr see Beatrice here ?" ! " Here, if she will come." ! !l I am sure she will ; so, once more, nil [ drtncrowhim," and with a happy laugh, 1 the girl disappeared. | A more serious look flitted across tha ! somewhat sombre face of Major de Lisle, | and then a look of hope came into tho I brown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were too many to remain there unuttered, and • came forth in dreamy musings. { His musings were broken by a voico j speaking just behind him—the one voico i in all the world to him. i "Gladys told me—• Oh, Denzil! at j last:." ! The latter portion of t'iYe sentence was 1 spoken 111 his arms, with her head, as ho j had so often dreamed of it, 011 his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein ail tha 1 love and longing of y^ars seemed to iind expression, and she lay quito still, with the tears coursing down her t face. In vain he tried to kiss them away; but she said to let hor weep, it did her good. ! The paroxysm of weeping soon spent itself, and Beatrice smiled up into her i lover's face. "Now tell me," she said, raising her head a little from its resting-place, and clasping one of his brown hands in her two little white 01103. " Now tell me, Denzil, how did you find me ? When did you come ? Why didn't you come before, 11 are wanted you DO much." " My darling ! and 1 you—all tho time. When 1 received that note from you—" " Note ! what note? I never wrote to you before you went.awayDenzil. Why should I ? we saw each other every day." "See, darling, this letter, with your monogram 011 it." " I never wrote it, Denzil—never," she interrupted. " But how was I to know that 1 I had never seen your hand writing even." " Oh, Denzil! And after 1 told you how I loved you !" "Ah, dearest, love. I was mad to doubt you ; but there can be no true love without jealousy, and did I not know everyono would envy me my pearl, my flower ? When I received that cruel note from you \--as I then thought—-I was stunned, 1 broken-hearted, andwentto India at once, and have been there till six weeks ago—r when 1 was invalided home." (To BE CONTINUED.) Respecting the capabilites of Russia a wheat-growing country, tho Farmtr says:—"Tho competition with America and the declension of values in the European corn exchange have not checked the progress of cereal production in Russia. It is to be inferred that the low-price level to which American competition has caused wheat to recede is inadequate to pay foe its production and commensurately remunerate the grower? We donotthinkso. Numerous complaints have arisen within the last two years, just as much in the assemblies of the zemstovs as in the smaller farmholds, of the dearness of manual labour and cost of transport and tha unremunerative sale of agricultural produce, but as at present such a state of things cannrx be altered, the proprietor is obliged to uzcept the low prices ruling in the market- So, then, the same complaints that the wheat-growers from all parts of Eu? - ope and America hear of *"he unnrofitable <ale of their produce resouncU eveo Russia, where they complain of realising nothing' at all, but, nevertheless, pursue just the same this, as it were, ruinous agriculture- It is thus that this system of culture is tho only mode practicable in the south of Russia, with its triennial rotation of crop3 as being the less costly to follow, and to modify which would entail an expenditure of capital which is not possessed and an object which is almost unthoughtof, what to produce instead of wheat ? Thus it is, in short, that as they cannot do otherwise, they continue to cultivate the soil as hitherto, perhaps indifferently, but yet cheaply, and however unprofitable the culture of wheat may have appeared for the last couple of years, it is said that low prices will not always continue, and a good harvest will compensate for losses of several preceding seasons, and they prefer trusting to the providential fall of rain and the succession af fine weather than modify a system of agriculture which stakes the fortune of the grower upon a single card, upon that of wheat. Here and there some wealthy proprietor has been known to change his mode of culture, who. whil e growing wheat and beets, fattens his. cattle and manures his land, but the number forms such a minority as hardly to be taken into account. Poisonous Honey.—11 Morgijn/a reports that at the last meeting of the Agricultural Society of Dresden. M. Fdey made a communication on the poisoned honey frequently imported from Trebi/.ond. Stramonium i:row's there spontaneously, and, beinir taken up by the bees, poisons the honey, which is afterwards exported. Resulting eases of disease some^ with fatal issue—have been ollicinliv certified. In American honev. also, some* poisonous principles have been found' ceiseminum esneeiallv. Utilizing Sea Weed. — An English chemist, has found a way of f.u: mntr to account the practically illimitable quantity of seaweed that tiie ocean supplies, or at feast as much of it as may be desired, lie boils the weed with carbonate of soda, and treats the filtered solution with sulphuric acid, obtaining from it in this manner a substance that has more viscosity than starch, or even gum aratiie. and that can be prolitably employed in stiffening various textile fabrics. It. is also said to tie excellently adapted fort-be making of synips for certain culinary uses, e'ronv the cellular and librons matter left of the. extract ion of that material — to which he has given the name, of alguina"—a very good quality of writing paper can be cheaply made.. A New Binding-—Vet; another application lias bewi found for metal, which is now being substituted for cardboard in bookbinding. This novelty is known as the " l'.ritish Pellisforf' binding, an 1 it consists in the use of thin sheet metal for covers The metal is specially prepared, and the cover may b- bent ami st.nib.'iitened auMin without perceptible. damage. It. may. in f ll'-dysubj. tosue.h treatment as would stroy or linary covets. T v: metal is. of the b"i 1 her u-eually employe, . covered -v:tb ,'i bookbindings and th» tinbhed bo <k presei no dilTerencereatcr in appearance except, in the thinness. of the covcr. It is well adapted for ftiblea Church Services, and other similar public* 