CHURCH NEWS. The Sandal school anniversary at Wesley Church is an event always looked forward to with the greatest interest, and this year the erjoyable nature or the celebration will prove no exception to the former one*, judging from the beautiful hymns to be sang, j the excellent training of the children, and the ability of the preachers taking part. . * b *““ rnl ?f Is the Key. H. Howard, who, in addition to the usual sermon, will give one of his attractive talks to the children. A flaril service will be conducted io the afternoon by Kev. W. Bur-idge, and thiß Cannot fail to be a Pleasant Sunday afternoon. At the evening service the Kev. S. r. Withington. an ex- president of the conference, will be the preacher, and the commit, tee of management nf the Sunday school nro to , congratulated on having secured three such able preiohers. According to advertisement, seatbolders have their seats secured till 10.40 in the morning and till 0.30 in the evening. Seats unreserved at after noon service. The usual tea will b e h eld on Monday, after which the concert and public meeting takes P'S services at Christ Chu-ch Cathedral to-morrow will be of a special character. At 11 0 clock there will be a choral celebration nf holy communion to mark the feast of Whitsuntide. In the alteration a children’s service will be held, at which the offertory will be in aid ol the Diocesan Sunday school Association. In the evening the semes will be com memorative of the Queen’s B irthdiy, and the cathedral will be drapeo with flags. Canon Ha} man will He the preacher at e>*cb service. _ , At the evening servicp, Ohri3t Church Cathedral, tomorrow, Mr Phi Ip Newbury will sing the beautiful solo from Handel’s Sel-me." “ Where’er you walk. The llev. J. C. Oatmichael will officiate morning and evening at St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill. Holy Communion will be administered at 8 o clock and also at the 11 o’clock service. Madame bpada will slDg “Angels ever blight and fair at morning ee Tne'servioes at St. Paui’s Churoh will be conducted on Whit Sunday by the vicar, Kev. T. Tapley Short, M.A. The evening service will include an anthem and an offertory solo, “ 1 know that my Redeemer liveth,’’ wbloh will be sung by Mad ima bpada, of the Newbnry-Spada Company, now visiting Baharat. Archdeacon Meioer will preach at Wyoliffe i.hnroh, Learmonth, to-morrow, at 11 a.m. and 7 o’clock p.m. In-the afternoon at 3 o’clock the archdeacon will preach nt Wnubra. . . , _ f A lim*? lleht entertainment waa given last night at the Peel street Free Methodist Church in aid of the school fund. A number of views were shown hy Mr A. Tolliday, descriptive of the ’ Life of Daniel, and the connective readings were given by the Kev. L>. j. H. Mitchell, lately ol Beaconsßeld (Tas.) has receive and nroepted a unanimous oall to Smeaton. On the 20th ult. a social was held in the Archer street Leeture Hall, Adelaide, to weloome the Rev. and Mrs Oowperthwaite to their new sphere of labor. The Kev. T. K. Oairna will conduct both services at St Andrew’s Kirk to-ranrrow. At the morning service his subject will be " The Bible-one attitude towards it,’’ anu Mr Phil. Newbury will Bing recit. and aria.’ “ Deeper and deeper still,’' and “Waft her angel" (Jeptha). In the evening his subject will be, "The Chmcb of the Apostles," being the first of a series of lectures, in chapters, from t he history of the chu«ch. Seats are free at evening service. At the Congregational Church on >unday evening the choir will render the " Hallelujah Chorus," and a solr will be sung by Mr J. Hhys Bodycombe. The pastor, Rev. W. H. Lewis, will conduct and I pr*acli at both services. It is hoped that Mr J. £»mp*nn, the choir conductor, will meet with much encouragement in the classes he is about to form for the promotion of sight singing. Such a class would prove an excellent nursery from which to replenish the choir. _ . . .. The Rev. Charles Cameron will conduct both ser vices to- morrow at Ebentzer Presbyterian Church. At the evening service he will continue the study cf “Old Testament scenes in the light of present day need.” from 44 Abrnham offering Isaac.” The high festival of the Holy Spirit will be duly observed to-morrow at St, Peter’s. There will be a double celebration of holy communion, viz., at 7.45 and 11 a.m.; the latter wilt be choral. The subjects chosen by the preacher are those suggested by the day, having special reference to the lirst outpouring of the t-pi-it upon the chutoh and His continuous work therein. . . . . .. „ The evangelistic mission conducted by the Kev. John M’Neil at the Dawson street Baptist Ohuroh was concluded last evening. The rev. gentlemen selected as his text. Acts vil., 51—" Ye do always resist the Holy Ghost, ns your fathers did so do ye." There wa9 a very large congregation. The Revs. X. T. Withington and Wm. Burridge are considering the advisability of holding a series of special evangelistic services at the Darkly street and >eil street Wesleyan Churches. The nev. J. A. Soper will preach at the Baptist Churoh, Dawson street, next Sunday. He will take for his Hjt-j-et in the morning, at 11, “The Beati tudes of Jesus ” An evangelistic service will be con ducted in the evening, at 7. During his concluding evaneelistio service at the Dawson street Baptist Church last evening the Kev. John M’Nell announced that if it avere so desired he would arrange a Christian convention to be held in Billnrat towards the close of the present year, on eiixiiar lines to the Geelong convention, and he would arrange for a number of tbe ministers who had identified themselves with the Geelong convention to visit this o'lty on that occasion. Avery large number of those present signified their desire for such a con vention, which will accordingly be arranged by Mr M’Neil. In connection with the celebration of the 43rd anni versary of the Lydjard street Wesleyan Sunday school, a very successful final rehearsal was held last night. The church is being deonrated by a number nf willing helpers, under the supervision of Mes-rs K. Q. Dimscy and T. Kifc, and friends are requested to fcenb flowers and evergreens to the church to-day. The'Kev. tv. 8. Mat-queen will commence a series of evangelistic services at the Alfred Hall to-morrow evening at 7 o’clock. These services were most suc cessful last year, and the l,rge number of persons who attended them showed that they were greatly appreciatei. In the morning Mr Macqueen will preach at St John's Presbyterian Church, Peel street, and will take for his subject “ The Widow’s Mite." At the nrij turned meeting nf the Psalmody com mittee of Si. John’s Presbyterian Church, held on Thursday evening to consider the application for the position of conductor and organist, it waß resolved to recommend to the congregation the appointment of Mr J. T. Vercoe as conductor, with Miss Gray as orgauist, in place of Mr K. H. Nicholas, whose resig nation has been accepted; consequent on his leaving for Kurope. 