? ? l ; -CHAPTER II, CÀPXAIN COOK'ST-ETTEB tf v BY ^lSt HE^ESSESYi n J vihor tyyhnumWMtes Dinner it tbelBnngalow, as. had-<node<>tly named bis commodions hachelor residence, was an: im{.ortont fonction, aiitd it wàâ an boar Land a half afterward when the verandah-chairs were 8gain -6ccupied, and ibe conversation resamed. :. " - _ • * My special difficulty . wiih- this matter, 1 e»1d Sir Charles, laughing, • is this ancient blackfell-iw. ' I thought that Australia wss much too new for anything in the, shape' of saperstitioa? bre. One expects when on the Rhine, or anywhere else in Eoropp, to meet with iasty old gobljnp, and banshees, atd wraiths, and g^oflness knows what ; bat to have alioary olddemcn down in Mor<-ton Bay, dating back to the time of Captvia Cook, is enough to take one's breath away. . Lrofc here, Buchanan, ' be said, placing his muscular-white hand npon the shonlder of the captain, a tall gentlemanly Bian of 'four-and-twéntjï" intr<iâaée as .jffîË^^^'^ifâ the " Fishers of Moreton Bay !'" ' You might not wish to go a second time,' laughed Hartley. ' Well, I don't want yon to doubt the evidence of my senses. ~ Old gold coins and a genuine diamond are very tangible witnesses ; but to have them jnysteriously connected with a jolly old ghost with a phantom canoes, supposed to be seen crnisiug abont Moreton Bay, is a pretty big thing for an agnostic like myselr to swallow. Bat let us have another look at the letter.' The three men went inside at this, and Sir Charles lifted an ancient looking docament up to the light. • Ah ! " he said, ' There's a 1767 watermark upon the paper. That favours the letter being genuine ; but wthout questioning the the facts, th'ey may all be attributed to natural causes. Cock was no doabt deceived. Singular disappearances of vessels through the sudden rising of mists, etc., are by no means uncommon at ses, and why n t In the Bay. But read it oat aload for as, Buchanan, and then we can discuss it further outside. The captain drew a chair up to the table, and slowly read as follows :— EMS" Endeavour," Off Cape Moretcn, Australia t May 16th, 1770. Having met with a very remarkable incident yesterday, the fifteontb day of May, in the year of ocr Lord 1770,1 feel it to be my doty to the possible fatare of Euro pean inhabitants of this newly discovered continent, and also to His Gracious Majesty, King George the 111., to place on record a trae and circumstantial account of the singular and well-nigh incredible occurrence. We decried ; esterday morning at dayligbt a long stretch of ldw sand hills which terminated in a sand spit with a bluff rock on the foreehore, Bounding tbe cape we cast anchor in eight fathoms of water in a broad, shallow bay. I have named the former Oape Moreton, and .the latter Moreton Bay. Later in the day I moved the Endeavour farther to the southeast, on which the Bay opened out, revealing a n - mber of islands covered with _ _ green foliage, and also the mootb of a crcek or -river I went with the ship's long boat, accompanied by Mr Green our astronomer, and Mr Banks, our botanist, and a picked crew to explore some of the islands, iu hope of adding to onr collections cf plants and animals, but being but partially successful we re- turned. I had been talking with the chief officer and Mr Green upon the quarter deck when the former called my attentin to a lârge native vessel, which seemed to have emerged from between the islands and was rapidly bearing down upen us. We all remarked the unusual size of the craft. It was fitted with two masts and carried large triangular sails,. seemingly constructed of some native cotton or grass, woven into cloth. There was high ornamental wood work at prow and stern, it was now growing towards twilight and partly on account- of this, but principally by reason of tbe sails and b:gh wood work of the prow and stern, it was impossible to oount the number of the crew. Several natives were seen, however, and at thB stem, guiding the vessel's coarse with a big sweep, which answered for a helm, stood a native of statnre and countenance never before met with by ase in these- seas. They slackened sail as they grew nearer, and tbe boatswain, by my direction hailed her, calling ont, ' - Ship ah^y ! what name ?" In reply, clear, wild,ringing sound, came, from the throat of the. huge steersman ; " Dé Fuchers" is the beEt interpretation I am able to give of the sound, which we all distinctly beard. I may say that Or So- Iander and Mr Green both support my opinion but the second officer and other of tbe crew believe the words to have been » The Fishers," which is, on the face of the matter, most unlikely, as although they might have followed the calling of fishermen it is impossible that they could have been acquainted with tbe English tongae. However, baying thus called oat,the native «suddenly turned and threw towards as one of their weapons of warfare,/ailed, I believe bp theni a> boomerat)g." It came whirling Âroogb ïthe air with great,force, «jpfeiiiif!^ -mystlfand tbe ' grocpaW sharpened Opon the edges and the doctor narrowly escaped injury. " Taking thi* to be an indication ^>f hostile intenVion, and in iignant at tbe weapon being directed at inysèlf, some of the .'marines fired small aims in the direction of the periagna. I regretted this, as Ï was anxious to maintain friendly relations with the natives. Bat to oar astonishment an4 consternation, im mediately after the discharge of firearms, we observed tbe vessel to be gradually dis- appearing before oar «yes. Many of the crew were watching from the.ship's side, and a score of reliable witnesses are prepared to state,; on oath, that she neither fonndered nor was envelcped in miBty but dissolved 'before our- eyes into air. The final.disappearance ibeing accompanied, by a wild, sad scream,: that soapded like a repetition of ihe previously ppofreo words. This nntowerd event hes, I regret to say, filled the crew with the gravest apprehension and alàrm 4 and I èonfess that «ay own mind is not withoat XDLÏsgîvings «b to What. warning the .phenomenon may have been contended to convey. The weapon which 4 fell o& the deck ib .constructed of & dàtk wood, and on onejBiâé is covered with lefcters or symbols of a eingalat form. Whatever may be ïhé lanjguage it îb bne ; lhat oeither Dr Solandër, Joseph Banks, nor myeelf uan in î^^ji^^éi^liWï^èi crew^ënë^lvk^wfâ itwith «aperstitious dread. and îttas been binJed to nje ibatit wojild rélie.Vje.:ibtir feelings if I weald thiow it overboard. - Indeed, some of tbem^ I nndeiz^tatid^avër that unless-itjsHirowo isl^ngaiflear'^ However, 1 «haU not yield té tiiem that ItWiljhè rpnM^tedjfcoAB^^ore^atft^ weapon or boomerang is jn thebox, whion will lessen their feaxB. ahd in » few days I bopei ^rèBtore Ibeir cquanimity, y l lntend to iidfe ^eéooméreBglb Earôpe. in bojpie 4hat Its imyst^noas'iasoriptibfiff may be Sphered and interpreted by-some, lèânieii jnsn, to the elucidation of ibe teyatërians phenomenon which is-at pment-so .inexplioafale and àwe inspiring to all .that'witaeisedit. " '•'; •.- : \- Given under my band and seal, this flzteenth day of May, in the year ot, oar Lbrdîeeventeén hnndred&nd; seventy.. ^ \- • : Witness : (Signed) JAMlSS COOK. JOSEPH BANKS. Attached tj tbe letter wssva further sheet of paper, on wbicb was the draw-: ing of a bcomerang, almost fnll size, and engraved upon it were à numberV-of singular cbatactere, which codld. not be represented by any letters comprised in printers' type. Buchanan, who was thé scholar of the party, said that the nearest approach to tbem which hë had seen was in the anical manuscript cf the Latin Bible, in the possession of the Budleian Library, at Oxford. _ The IdUo'wing trauyation"„of ;' th«s : 'From <he islands of the east, follow ibe broad flowing waters beyond' the snake coils to its source. South cf the setting sun, s cleft appears in the mountain. Beyond is the great country of many little trees, . Follow as the birds fly towards the setting sun of winter, beyond the broad plains, over the white mountains, and you reach tbe span longer than the arms of many men. Beware of the great waters ! . Beware of the white gates and the golden ! Beyond that fear not ; your eyes will see, and your hands may touch what all men love. The men looked at each other, and there was a pause after the Captain had finished ; broken at last by Hartley. : * I was reading all that over before you came in.' he said. ' Now come outside and bave a smoke, an 1 I will give yon the benefit of some information about the north-eastern interior of this con-, tinent, which I picked ap -out on my station on the Barcoo, and I think it will surprise you. The path of Zoo-zoo seems 1o me to have something i-i it, and if you don't go with Stoneham, I shall consider seriously whether I cannot make up a party to go there myself. I hâve a theory about that path of .Zoozoo.' C To be continued.\ 