PASTORAL LETTER OF THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUS TRALIA ASSEMBLED IN' SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL. To the Clergy and Laity of their Charge. {Concluded.) Catholic Young- Men's Societies. The Catholic school supplements the home and the Church in forming and safeguarding the child and the boy. The man who has taken upon himself the cares of home finds in these cares a like saving power. But young men for the most part are simply sent forth to do battle with the seductions of life as best they can, depending on the principles and on the good sense which they have gathered in boyhood. If they join any or the devotional associations, such as that of the Holy Family or the Sacred Heart, or some Catholic benefit society, they will, of course, have every necessary protection. But we think they ought to have the attractions proper to their age, and that these can best be found in Catholic Young Men's Societies. Such societies exist in several parts of Australia, and are exceedingly vigorous where they have received full encouragement from the ecclesiastical authorities. The mem bers have invariably evinced the utmost willingness to abide by the advice of their spiritual directors, and have been forward to avow their religious principles courageously and nobly. Young men have been found easy to persuade and willing to be guided. They are generously alive to the interest taken in their welfare ; and on the whole they will be found zealous to ?' bring the influence of the society to bear upon weak members in order to lead them gently to better ways. In dealing with this association it is well for the priests to bear in mind that its primary end is the religious and general improvement of the members ; and therefore that certain works, in themselves of a praiseworthy nature, may not sometimes be acceptable to some members. It will be best to adhere to the lines suggested by the aim and scope of the society. In the result, a well-worked, healthy Catholic Young Men's Society will inspire its members with zeal and disinterestedness, and afford the priest much help in his various undertakings. In some places the society moot annually at breakfast after one of their quarterly com munions, and such reunions, following immedi ately on the reception of tho Sacrament of Christian Brotherhood, have proved both attractive and inspiring. Benefit yooiETiES. ' It is better that two should g'o together than one; for they have the advantage of their society: If one fall ho shall be supported by tho other: Woe to him that is alone; for when ho falleth, ho hath none to lift him lip.' (Ecclosiastos iv., 9-10). The Church has ever encouraged tho poor to help themselves by mutual co-operation. The history of the guilds of the Ages of Faith shows how minute and far-reaching was the rational collectivism which she promoted. Every industry, every trade and craft, had its proper guild, the chief object of which was to defend the interests of its members against encroachments from without, and against one another by securing competence and skill as a condition oi! membership. The guild was in its entire life permeated by a thoroughly Catholic spirit. It had its patron saint, its chapels in the parochial and cathedral churches, its special holidays, its contributing for spiritual as well as temporal needs ; and when ever beset with difficulties it looked to tho Church for support. The Church was then a powerful patron. Monarchs and nations were effectually held in restraint by her. W he opposed kings and emperors courageously when she felt it a duty to cross their wishes; but she did not oppose the designs of the Commons when they united into municipal bodies for mutual aid and protection. She rather in curred the displeasure of liege lords by her sympathies with those steady, self-reliant workers. The relations of tho Church to the world are now different, but her spirit is not changed; she looks to the honest toilers for the best achievements of her civilisation, and is fain to see them unembarrassed by obstruc tions which are not inherent in the nature of things. She refuses to regard the worker as a mere producing machine; his dignity as man, his duties and rights as father, his wants spiritual and corporal, impose conditions which must not be wholly set aside by the operation of any economic laws whatsoever. Such laws must, indeed, bo respected. Im practicable schemes will be sure to recoil upon the workers themselves il! they daro indulge in them; but the advocates of economic science have not seldom appealed to it in justification of measures which experience has since proved to be as unnecessary an they wore mischievous. The workers stand, in need ol: dofenoe ; Jet them defend themselves. But let thorn bear in mind thai; a man's worst enemy may be of his own household, and that when they are led by incompetent or unscrupulous guides, they are sure to fall into evils worse than those from which they seek to escape. They cannot violate tho laws of justice and honesty with impunity ; but they can and ought to protect themselves against unscrupulous exactions. At present it seems impossible to realise in this new country the ideal which presided over guild life in the Ages oi! H aith, and which is urged in the Encyclical of the Sovereign Pontiff, viz., the amalgamation in one society of the interests of employers and employed. In time things may issue in some such har monious fusion. But for the present it appears necessary that the workers should combine amongst themselves for mutual aid ; and that they should be guided in their actions by strictly moral principles. We therefore desire thai; our Catholic people who have to live by their toil should form themselves into such a body, and perhaps it is best that they accept and develop those Catholic benefit societies which exist already in these colonies. It must be borne in mind that the members of Catholic benefit societies are bound to comply with, the religious ordinances of the Ohurcll. They will be expected to set an example of regular observance in attending- the Sunday's Mass and approaching tho Sacraments. They are not asked to do works of supererogation : they are simply called upon to comply with the laws which bind all Catholics. With regard tc the internal administration of the society, and especially its temporalities, the Church willuol seek to interfere with its workings. But the priest ought to ascertain whether the brancli under his spiritual guidance is 071 a sound barn's and whether it is being competently and honestly administered. He owes this debt oi charity to the members and to the Catholic character of the society. The Catholic Home. Beloved Brethren of the Laity, — The fore going exhortations which we have addressed to your pastors are prompted chiefly by the desire to promote your spiritual and temporal wel fare ; to see you grow in all knowledge and understanding, so that when we shall appear before oar Divine Master, who hath given you life, and sent us to minister unto you that you should have it more abundantly, we may be able to present you. 'a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a purchased people' (i. Peter ii., 9)' 'a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle, nor any such thing; but . . . holy and without blemish ' (Eph. v., 27). Hem ember your calling: You are fellow-citizens of the saints ; you are the domestics of God. No one can make unto himself a permanent habitation here below. Every man is a sojourner, and at most only for a few years. But on entering the Church of the Living God, here on earth, you are already enrolled amongst His children ; if you are not within the sanctuary where He reveals Him self, you are in the vestibule of Mis everlasting temple. His eye is upon you ; He has taken you under the shadow oh' His wings. Yon are His elect ; you are precious in His sight, for the price paid for your enfranchisement and exaltation is the life blood of His only be gotten Son. Great were the favours which Ho bestowed of old on the Jewish people, yei; im measurably greater has He wrought on your behalf. The words of warning and exhortation addressed to them como homo far more forcibly to you: 'Hear, 0 Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. Thou shalt lovo the Lord thy God with thy whole heart and with thy whole soul and with thy whole strength ; and these words which I command thee this day shall be in thy heart: And. tliou shalt toll them to thy children ; and thou shalt meditate upon them sitting in thy house, and walking on thy jour noy, sleeping and rising' (Deuter. vi , 4-7). We cannot belong to God by halves. He loves us, as He hath created and redeemed ua, dis interestedly ; but He will have us wholly and unreservedly. His service is not for the Sab bath only, nor for Btated seasons ; it is not confined to external rites ; the Catholic must have the words of God in his heart ; must tell them to his children ; must meditate upon them sitting in his house and walking upon his journey, sleeping and rising. The conscious ness of God's adorable presence, the light of His Divine Word, and the light-giving action of His grace, impart to the Church a heaveuly comeliness ; yet all her beauty is from' within. She is truly beautiful in the eyes of God and His angels, because she is made up of families and individuals that are tilled with the glory of the Living God. The Catholic soul and the Catholic homo are the first temples to be built up, Cathedrals, churches, schools are all but means j their end and aim is the Catholic home, the Catholic character. Within these pre cincts the Divine Presence is less miraculous, comes less ' with observation ' than in the economy of the Church ? but if our Divine Lord chose to manifest Himself to mankind at the Temple of Jerusalem rather than in the cottage of Nazareth, it was at Nazareth that He surrendered Himself to human guidance, to human control, and liugered for years under that Bweet yoke, as if unwilling to forego the joy of sanctifying one chosen home. Joseph, the patient, unmurmuring, toiling housefather, j was schooled and fortified in those silent years ) to bear the grandeur of his unique elevation as L Patron of the Church ; and Mary added grace b to grace, living an intensest life of holiness in j those years of merit when God was incarnate i amongst men as if almost for her sake. Here , we have set up for remembrance the pattern of i the. Catholic home. The child, be he talented, : learned and superior in whatsoever degree, is $ still under the law of parental subjection. He is not wiser, holier, more powerful than Jesus. To impress him with this fundamental truth, God has not only declared his commandment, . that we muBt obey father and mother j He has \- gone further still. In the mystery of the ( Incarnation He has contrived to interweave the . relation of home with the plan of the world's redemption, touching them with its divine ? virtue, and exalting them to,a heavenly dignity. The relations of parent to child and child to parent, of husband to wife and wife to husband, had been sacred from the beginning ; hence forth they partake of the divine. And hence it is impossible that what God hath so blessed and put together man may rashly part asunder. The vows of Christian marriage are sacramental. The Holy Ghost sets a divine seal upon the pledge of mutual lifelong fidelity which unites husband and wife in holy matrimony. Hitherto He gave them graces in accordance with their individual needs and dispositions ; henceforth He provides them over and above the former measure with special aids and sanctities. And i if they are obedient to Him and faithful to : each other as the years accumulate, bringing ] with them young souls to be educated for the - society of saints and angels and the divine 1 adoption of sonship, He will multiply His 1 blessings beyond their cares, filling their souls - with such abundance of spiritual life that, - being at length ripe for Heaven, they will find i it easy to detach themselves from earth. God is faithful to His word. They who enter holy matrimony in a state of sanctity and persevere in His love will infallibly be supported by His c right hand in all their trials ; trials and labours j they will accept. They will rejoice to be like 1 che patriarchs of old ; but their end will be, t like theirs, in peace, and their name will be j held in honour. s 'Why is it that so many homes are not happy ? c That wives are broken-hearted, husbands des- I per ate, children disobedient, contemptuous ? a Chiefly because the Catholic ideal is lost sight a of in the home life ; because the graces by j which God would purify every family relation 1 are wantonly rejected. How can the drunkard, \ how can the libertine, have a happy home or a respectful children ? How can the Grace of c God be upon a family who neglect the first 1 condition to obtain it — holy prayer ? Our j Divine Saviour has promised us that if we ask I in His name we shall receive ; but he has not ( promised to lavish grace upon us unless we ask. c Prayer is the condition upon which Our c Heavenly .'Father has vouchsafed to offer us h eternal life ; He desires to keep us always in c mind of Him during our sojourn in this life, d It is for our good that we must pray. And h what is of precept for the individual is no less fl so for the family. .Every Catholic home ought o to be a place of prayer. The father, being, in f a sense, ' appointed,' for the household, ' in t the things that appertain to God,' ought, after \i the pattern of holy Job, lift his hands to s Heaven, and with the morning light offer the g holocaust of a pure heart to God in behalf of s- the entire family. The mother is bound to a teach her children, as soon as they are capable c of it, how to make the morning1 offering and to s go through their morning prayers with devout fi attention, realising to themselves that they are o in God's adorable presence. As they grow up, s- it will bo the parents' duty to instruct them s; how to make a short reflection or meditation v on some one of the great truths or mysteries ii of our holy faith ; and this should bo o done each morning by every member of a a true Catholic, family. It is not for want a of time that so many persons omit it ; very few minutes out of their waking hours need be spent upon it ; and surely God has a right to some small part of the day, seeing that every breath we draw and everything we have we owe Him throughout the whole twenty-four hours. But the evening prayer in common ought to be strictly adhered to all the year. Certainly in Lent and Advent no true Catholic family will omit the evening prayer in common. If the father is not away it will be his duty to preside at this family devotion. In his absence the mother or the eldest son should do so. And for the evening prayer we would recom mend especially the Holy Rosary. Pive de cades will not take long ; and what a beautiful offering of heart and soul to Almighty God is implied in this wonderful blending of petition and meditation. The Eosary has come down through long centuries of Catholic experience ; it is recommended by the practice of devout millions, and by the prodigies wrought through its use. It is enriched with countless indul gences, and proposed to the faithful as the ordinary means of multiplying the hands and swelling the voices lifted up to God all over the world in supplication and thanksgiving. When the Catholic household unite in this devotion before retiring to rest, they are unit ing with thousands of other Catholic families who at that same hour are offering the self same petitions 'We have dwelt on the neces sity of family prayer, because if this duty towards God is faithfully discharged no other will be slighted. If, on the other hand, the head of the household is remiss in prayer, if bhe children and domestics are suffered to pay little attention to it, then the family has Iropped from its true Catholic level, and other luties religious and moral run a corresponding ?isfc of being taken lightly. Mixed Mareiagkes. The Apostle gives us the following picture -f a true Catholic home : ' Let women be sub ect to their husbands, as to the Lord ; for the msband is the head of the wife as Christ is ihe head of the Church. . . Husbands, love rour wives, as Christ also loved the Church, bnd delivered himself up for it. . . Chil Iren, obey your parents in the Lord. . . . Ind you, fathers, provoke not your children to tnger ; but bring them up in the discipline bnd correction of the Lord. Servants, obey '?our masters in the flesh, with fear and tremb ing, in the simplicity of your heart, as Christ, vith a goodwill doing service, as to the Lord ,nd not to men.' (Ephes. v., vi.) Here every rffice is perfect, because it is inspired from on ligh j the husband loves the wife after the -attern of pure, disinterested, self-sacrificing ove . which Christ has manifested for the Church. The father sees in his children a harge given him to be brought up in the dis ipline and correction of Christ j he feels that te must exhibit the firmness of the Christian onfessor, yet the gentleness which becomes a .isciple of his meek and humble Master ; that [Q may not yield to the weak promptings of iesh and blood indulging the foolish caprices f his children, nor yet may he spoil their un olding characters by provoking them to anger hrough want of restraint over his temper. The fife's lo'e-for her husband is sanctified when he is bidden look up to him as one who is iven .her as the representative of Christ hiin elf . The feelings of the heart are intensified nd endowed with a perennial freshness be ause they are nourished from a Divine well pring. The children look up to the father, or he is the Lord's vicegerent, claiming at nee their affection aud reverence. The 91'vants and domestics will be honest and tncere, because they supernaturalise the ser ice they pay to their earthly master by look ig upon him as one who stands in the place f their Divine Lord. Nor let us be surprised t this. Our heavenly Master has told us that 11 our charities to the poor and the afflicted. if done in His name, may be taken, and are taken, by Him, as done to Himself. He is the very life of the Catholic Church, of the Catholic home, of the Catholic heart. A heart that gives but a divided service to Him is not His ; a home that worships Him by halves or in contradictory ways is not modelled on His own peaceful, prayerful home at Nazareth ; it is not a Catholic home. We caunot, dearly be loved children in Christ, hold our peace and suffer you to run the risk of losing your souls and causing the eternal ruin of your children, by setting up a home where Christ is not the same to every member. We do not expect that those who are bereft of our faith should understand the force of our remonstrance. We do not address them. But you, dearly beloved, who are gifted with this vision and instinct from above, who would rather suffer the loss of all worldly goods than expose your faith to danger, you, surely, will appreciate the gravity of this appeal we make to you, to stand firm by the Church's discipline, and maintain in your homes, amongst your children, and in your conversation with the world at large, an unshaken loyalty to the spirit of the Church's discipline in regard to mixed marriages. We do from time to time grant dispensa tions for such marriages. But do not be de ceived ; it is always with misgivings and sore reluctance. Por although, happily, instances are not few of children who have grown up good devoted Catholics in such homes, yet it is but too sure that in many cases the results spiritual and even temporal are simply disas trous. We speak now of mixed marriages contracted even under the permission of the Church — cases, moreover, in which the Protes tant husband puts no positive hindrance in the way of his wife's and his children's religious observance. The worldly-minded will decide in favour of such a 'liberal-minded' husband, and cast the blame upon the Catholic wife ; perhaps upon the Church itself. But, brethren, does not the A.postle call upon the father to ' bring up the children in the discipline and correction of the Lord ? ' This age of wealth and pleasure worship would gladly leave religion to women, as beneath the attention of men. To teach the children their prayers and catechism and to take them to MaBS, and pre pare them for their first Communion, all this for a while may be permitted to women. By-and-bye, if the m.en are emancipated, the women will follow their example, and then the reign of Christ will be at an end. This frantic hatred of Christianity is not a new spirit come into the world in these latter times. The enemy of man's salvation has had allies of this description, active and unscrupulous, ever since the beginning. We are not alarmed or disheartened by what they say or do against our holy faith. We are strong in the con sciousness of its hold upon your hearts ; and therefore it is that we recall your minds to the position which the Apostle assigns the father in the office of training the child to Christian virtue and Christian knowledge. 'Pathers, bring your children up in the discipline and correction of the Lord.' And how can the father, who is not himself a Catholic, how can he, even if he wished to do so, bring up his child in the discipline and correction of the Lord, as it is understood and taught by the Catholic Church ? How could truths, so im perious, command the obedience of the child, who perceived that the teacher he revered above all others did not himself respect them. But we need not dwell upon this extreme con sideration. The Protestant father at the best simply lets things alone. And then what a contrast in the home to what the Apostle would have, to what the Church would have, to what common sense would have, in a Catholic household ? In all that makes for the edification and discipline of the home, he who is divinely appointed to be the head, the inspirer, the master, is absent from his post. This is, indeed, bad enough 5 but it is, unfor tunately, far from the common type of mixed homes. The Protestant parent for the most part does not conceal his contempt for his wife's religion j frequently he does his worst to make the children despise it as well. He collects all the stale calumnies of Protestant tradition j he dare not attack the Church as it comes under his wife's and his children's ob servation. But the Catholic Church is so ancient, she covers so many lands, and calumny is so hard to refute when it takes refuge in remote quarters ; hence the poor wife can do little else at best than possess her soul in patience while she hears her religion travestied and ridiculed. This is the assistance she re- : ceives to educate her children in the love and i fear of God ; this is the fashion after which their father helps 'to bring them up in the discipline and correction of the Lord ! ' The happy wives of Protestant husbands ! How many would be satisfied even if they had no further difficulty to bear with. They would put up with scorn and ridicule, and hope by prayer and instruction to form their children's minds and hearts to the knowledge and love of our Divine Lord and His Blessed Mother and of His Holy Church, the pillar and ground of truth. But they will not be suffered that small indulgence. The father, urged by a blind hatred of the Church, will insist on taking the children with him to his own Church, or if he be frustrated in this will have them attend no Church at all, and forbid them go to the Catholic school. The wife will perhaps for a time struggle for independence, appealing to his sense of honour, and to the pledge he had given at the time of their marriage. That day is past. The illusions and complaisances of that time are dead and buried. He perhaps regrets his former weakness in having yielded to the dictates of an alien Church. He knows he may now flout that Church with impunity, and he is determined its ordinances shall not cross his authority in his own house. And very often the poor wife yields sooner or later to his superior will, content she may worship Grod by stealth ; coming alone before the altar ; more lonely and more disconsolate than if she were utterly childless. Many a time such mothers have said that their only consolation was bound up not with the children who sur vived, but with those who had gone before them in the freshness of baptismal innocence. It may be objected that we overcharge the picture we have drawn of the evils attending mixed marriages ; that we ignore the large number of cases in which the children grow up practical Catholics. Would to G-od the evils we warn you against were not actual, and did not come under our observation ! It is from painful experience we speak on this subject. We feel that in what we have said we have been studiously reserved lest we should give offence to those parents who have been faithful to their marriage promise, and have been blessed with good and pious children. But so common amongst families of mixed religion are the dissensions, the religious indifference, and even the apostacies, against which we warn you, that we should be guilty of treason to our Divine Lord who died for your salvation ; of treason to yourselves whom we are charged at the peril of our souls to feed with sound doc trine and protect from danger ; of treason to your little ones who are so dear to the heart of our Divine Master, if out of regard to the wisdom of this world we forebore to denounce a custom which we know to be fraught with such grave perils. We put before you the teachings of the Catholic Church at all times and in all lands upon this subject. We warn, we entreat, we exhort you for the sake of your happiness of mind and your everlasting salva tion, and for the love you bear your offspring, to hearken to our voice. Catholic Sohools. Our Divine Redeemer has forewarned us that our loyalty to Him will be tested severely. To prove our discipleship we shall be called upon to take up the Cross. If we are worthy of Him, we must be prepared to face the scorn of the whole world, and forego every comfort — houses and lands, home and the love of friends. His commands have also proved prophetic. His Church has stood out through the ages, unique and unmistakeable for her devotion to His Cross. His enemies at one time strove to tear her away from Him, or to leave her widowed of the children she had begotten in the Gospel, by torments and death. They failed ; they only brought dis comfiture upon themselves and upon the powers of darkness. But the Prince of this world pursues his ways unwearedly, and suits his methods of attack to the genius of each age. He no longer incites to open attacks on account of religion, nor counsels confiscation or torments. His aim, however, is not less deadly. He seeks to poison the springs of Catholic life, the home and the school. Herein the entire growth of each generation takes place. You cannot dissociate them as agencies in the formation and development of mind and heart. Let but indifference to the claims of Christ upon our loyalty once get established in the home and in the school, and the charac ter of the new generation will be decidedly unchristian. We have spoken to you of the chief dangers that beset the home. Let us warn you of those which lurk in the school. You, Catholic parents, would not commit your children's education to teachers who made no secret of their wish to proselytise them. We can conceive of no Catholic parent so callous. But remember that there is such a thing as unintentional, unconscious proselytism — a proselytism which is more likely to be effec tual than when it is avowed. No child, no student, will refuse deference and credit to the teacher, if the latter is at all qualified for his position. Instinctively the learner trusts at once to the authority and the competence of his teacher. And is it possible that two minds can remain in active communication, in friendly relationship with each other, for years perhaps, the one submissive and receptive, the other authoritative, instructing and directing, with out producing impressions far more profound and lasting than what is ordinarily contem plated in the school course ? It is only right and proper that the teacher should so influence the child. It is his duty to do so. But if the teacher knows the Catholic religion but im perfectly, which unless he is a Catholic will certainly be the case^ — if, consequently, he views life and its manifold obligations from a standpoint which is not Catholic, how is it possible for his intercourse with his pupils, honest and conscientious aa he may be, not to result in predisposing them against the faith of their baptism? Wo have always insisted, and we shall always insist, that religion must be positively taught at school as well as in the home. Less than this will not suffice to secure the necessary instruction in religious knowledge. The exercises of school, like those out of it, ought to open with prayer, and ought to be leavened with religious obser vances throughout. This is essential to a true Catholic education, and Catholics will not rest content with less. But even were we to assume that non- Catholic teachers were scrupulously wary in avoiding attempts to undermine the religion of their Catholic pupils — and very many would make no such attempt— yet there remains much more than a negative disadvantage for the Catholic child ; he necessarily catches something of his master's religious tone. And, therefore, we are bound to admonish Catholic parents that in placing their children under teachers who are not of their own faith, they are in all cases exposing the faith of the children to danger. Men who have no definite religious beliefs will not appreciate this reasoning. They lack the principle which gives it force. But Catholici understand its meaning, and they have shown how earnestly it appeals to them. But, un fortunately, it is not true that all teachers in the public schools of these colonies are tender of Catholic susceptibilities. The Church has no means of excluding from the public school the sectarian fanatic or the still more fanatical Agnostic. She has no power to remove from the class-room that aggressive spirit, that contemp tuous reference to her history, her doctrines, and her sacraments, which has flourished un rebuked in high places. The entire genius of the public school system is antagonistic to that which the Catholics demand, and it is surely no wonder that public schools become centres of more than passive hostility to the faith of Catholics. Under guise pf fair play they are got up, unknowingly on the part of the great bulk of the people, but none the less effectually, as points of attack upon the Catholic religion. We do not charge our fellow-countrymen with deliberate intent to assail the Catholic religion through the system of education now in vogue. In point of fact, the system is held by Catholics to be inimical to their faith, and, therefore, it is unacceptable to them. And on this matter they alone are competent to judge. To take it out of their hands is simply to trample ,,011 freedom of thought and freedom of conscience. JSTo one dare pretend any longer that this opposition to the public school system emanates only from the bishops and priests. Twenty years of hard work in establishing and maintaining Catholic schools have scattered that fallacy to the winds. Catholics are solid with their spiritual guides on this all-important question, and the organs of public opinion have come to admit as much. But the Catholic child who is compelled to attend a secular non-Catholic school not only runs risks to his faith ; his morals may also be imperilled. 'We would fain pass over this topic were it not for the gravity of the interests involved. But the purity of mind, the chastity of life, which the Church endeavours to culti vate in the little ones of Christ, must be our justification. This is the jewel of youth, the pledge of a righteous life. The Catholic home is redolent of the chaste atmosphere of Nazareth ; so is the Catholic school : the sanctions of faith, the examples of saints, and, above all, of the Queen of Saints, the united prayer, the ejaculatory invocations of Divine help at each stroke of the hour — these are so many ever-recurring reminders to the young heart of things heavenly, they so leaven the entire waking life of the child that he comes to grow up under their influence, and with the confirming grace of the Sacraments acquires that Catholic instinct which makes him recoil from whatever is darkly suggestive. But remove him from these salutary influences ; cast him with his plastic, unformed, nature into the midst of companions who, at all events, do not review morals from the standpoint of Catholic faith ; whose homes have not a uniform standard of morals ; who belong to sects and communities holding very diverse opinions on most practical life questions ; and all of whom feel thai;, in the school, religion, with its sanctions, is more or less a forbidden subject, are we to expect that children of tender years, of immature judgment yet developing passions, will continue to observe stoical self- restraint from the beggarly motives supplied them in the moral instructions approved by secularists? They who think thoy will musli be singularly ignorant of what passes ; they who are satisfied to expose the children to such a perilous ex periment must sel; little store by the moral purity of the rising generation. Hence, Catholic parents are not justified by ordinary necessities in sending their children to such schools. Under extraordinary difficulties their efforts to counteract the ovil influences of such surroundings, as well as the special vigilance which the master may be supposed to exercise, will doubtless bo seconded by special graces from Heaven. The Holy Ghost measures His aids by the needs that cry out for them, but such needs must not be of our own choosing; when we unnecessarily expose ourselves or our charge to danger, we forfeit our claim to special grace. The Holy Ghost tells us that they who love the danger shall perish in it. And hence, whenever it is possible to maintain a Catholic school, there the pastor and the parents will be accountable to our Divine Master if, through inertness, they suffer His little ones to be scandalised, to be seduced from that saving doctrine which He came on earth to teach them, and from that holy conversation and that everlasting life which He died upon the Cross to bestow on them. His words should ever ring in the ears of those who have charge of youth. To pastors and parents they are a dreadful warning: 'He that shall scandalise, one of these little ones that believe in me, it were better for him that a mill-stone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depths of the sea. (Matth. xviii., 6). But it is needless, we rejoice to know, to dwell upon the duty of providing Catholic education for our Catholic children. Surely Australasia has by this learned that we Catho lics are of one mind on this matter, and that we are as resolute as we are unanimous. It is a singularly short-sighted policy in those who profess a patriotic concern for the future of this great land to encourage at this critical stage of its national development a system of administration which strikes at liberty of con science, and is an outrage upon justice. When Catholics protest against a form' of instruction for their children which has been devised con trary to their wishes, and when they declare that they may not, without doing violence to their conscientious convictions, avail of it, are they not warranted in so asserting their' political rights ? Who but Catholics shall be the judges of what are the religious convic tions of Catholics ? Or has it come to this that our age of progress and equality, and political freedom, is drifting rapidly towards an odious hypocritical servitude? Shall Catholics be told that they must not have religious con victions ; that they must not claim to save for their Divine Master the little ones who have bo en given them, who have been baptised into the Catholic faith ; that Catholic parents shall be deprived of one of the most sacred rights inherent in them, until they are able to sweep the polls by the brute logic of numbers ? Or shall thoy be told to rest aatislied and thankful for the poor permission to open and maintain schools of their own, even while the taxes they pay go to educate the children of others ? It is a little better than the arraugement of a century *iud a half back, when their fore fathers went to Catholic schools only at the peril of their lives ; when a price was set upon the head of a Catholic schoolmaster. It is better, but none the less is it a mockery of justice and liberty. Were the demands of Catholics impractic able or untried elsewhere, they might, with some appearance of reason, justify statesmen in declining to entertain them. If the Catho lics of Australasia had remained listless in the face of secularism, had suffered their children to go in a body to the public schools ; had they not erected their own schools and equipped them for secular instruction, so as to be in a position to court inspection and examination on those subjects which form the curriculum of the public schools j were they not satisfied to conform with the regulations which the State may impose as to the standard and quality of secular instruction ; they might perhaps be taxed with unreasonableness. But they are doing the work which, not they, but the general public should have to pay for, if their children were transferred to the public schools. They are doing it, we are confident, fully as well. At all events, they are satisfied to state their claim for a fair share out of the school rate upon the tests of efficiency which are applied to the public schools. They can point to precedents which ought surely to have weight with the people of these colonies ; they ask for nothing out of analogy with the system which obtains in England. There the volun tary schools are part of the system of national instruction ; and even Mr. Chamberlain (surely no friend of denominational schools) has con fessed that the voluntary schools of England are doing a great national work, and far more economically than the secular or board system, We should gladly welcome any supervision of our schools which respected the arrangements which we hold to be necessary for safeguarding the faith and morals or the children. We consider that a free alliance with the State Department of Public Instruc tion would tend largely to consolidate and systematise our educational establishments. In return, we should be able to infuse elements no less important to a system of national education. Such a system should be devised with a view to the practical requirements of life ; and who can claim to know the wants of the people as intimately as the pastor of the church? Can the Minister of Education, whom the chances of the hustings create for a season ? can the expert in school disci pline, whose study is the actual capacity of children during their school years ? can the teacher, who is hardly per mitted, even if he had the wish, to look forward to the probable requirements of his child in after years? — can any of these pre tend to understand from daily, personal, solicitous oversight of the people from youth to old age the character and extent of the instruction which will prove serviceable to the bulk of the children in the course of life? The nation, in committing the supervision of its educational work exclusively to a paid department, and ousting the Church from its councils, is closing its ears to invaluable counsel. It is not by hostility and separate ness that the forces of the commonwealth are combined and directed to a common develop ment, or that the various elements of power are knit ^ and compacted together. It is unpatriotic to the last degree to deprive the State of that influence which would result from respecting the free spirit of a people who put conscience before wealth and comfort. We are confident that the time is not far off when the intelligence and justice which distinguish, our fellow-countrymen will enable them to look at this great question from a higher standpoint than they seem to regard it at present ; and we feel sure that once they grasp its real significance no prejudice against the Catholic Church, no senseless appre hensions of Catholic ascendency, will prevent them doing justice to their fellow-citizens, and healing the open sore which is at present poisoning the national life. But in the mean time our course is clearly defined. We must push on the work which we took up with the inception of the secular system. We must extend the influence of our Catholic school work to the utmost limit within our reach. We took up the gage of battle more than twenty years ago, relying on G-od and on the sterling loyalty of our people to their con scientious convictions, and it is with profound gratitude and renewed courage we now review what has been achieved, and set our hands in concert to perfect what has been so happily begun. The prayers and sacrifices of priests and people on behalf of the souls of our children have obtained abundant graces from the Most High. And chiefly to be admired is the spirit which has been spread abroad amongst our native youth, calling so many of them to dedicate their lives to the religious state, in order to promote the spread of Catholic education. It is truly wonderful, now, how a seedling, which was dropped into the soil of Catholic devotedness only a couple of decades back, has already sprung up into a goodly tree, spreading its branches over every part of Australasia, and affording shelter to thousands of Catholic children from the blighting influences of godless instruction. In all the cities and chief towns of the colonies we have schools in charge of brother hoods and sisterhoods, which have again and again passed in triumph through the ordeal of public competition. In the remote settle ments we have schools conducted by excellent ' Catholic teachers, trained chiefly in our larger establishments ; and the poorest localities are tended with a spirit of self-sacrifice, beyond all praise, by the Sisters of St. Joseph. So vast, indeed, is the work, and so abundant the means of carrying it on, which G-od in His . mercy has placed at our disposal through the heroic devotion of the thousands who have thus offered themselves to our Divine Lord for the sake of His little ones, that we have deemed it opportune to undertake responsi bilities for a more complete organisation of our whole school system. Our chief sisterhoods will leave nothing undone to bring themselves into touch with the most modern improvements in teaching and discip line. They will appropriate, through certifi cated graduates of the best training centres in Great Britain and Ireland, not necessarily Catholic, whatever is deemed sound and pro gressive. From these main sources of our educational force the spirit and methods will flow outward to all our schools. Henceforward the people of these colonies can have no misgivings either as to the attitude of the Catholic Church towards the State on the place which the religion of Catholics must hold in any educational provision to which Catholics have a claim, or on the undoubted unanimity which prevails between priests and people on this important subject. Nor is it any longer a mere matter of conjecture what the future of the Catholic schools will be. That future is determined by the loyalty of Catho lics themselves to their faith, the solicitude for the spiritual safety of their children, and by the unique economies which the religious asso ciations of the Church bring to bear upon the practical solution of the question. Our schools are assured. Whether our fellow-citizens wake up to a sense of national justice or not in treating this issue, we will go on as we have begun ; we will not suffer our children to drink at the poisonous founts of a godless system of knowledge. Conclusion. Dearly Beloyed Brethren, — On account of the special solemnity of the present occasion we have at considerable length addressed to you these words of spiritual counsel. And yet we know full well your devotedness to the faith, your earnest ness in piety, your fervour in every work of charity. You are our crown and our joy. Tour good name is mentioned with praise throughout the Churches of Chris tendom. It only remains for us to exhort you in the words of the Apostle to persevere with confidence and with joy in the paths of virtue : ' Be not weary in well- doing. Hejoice, be perfect, take exhortation, be of one mind, have peace. And may the God of peace Himself sanctify you in all things ; that your whole spirit, and soul, and body may be preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.' Given at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, the 1st day of December, 1895. t Patrick Francis Cardinal Moran, Archbp. of Sydney, Apostolic Delegate. t Thomas J. Carr, Archbishop of Melbotorne. f IIobert Dunne, ArchMshop of Brisbane. f Daniel Murphy, Archbishop of Hobart. f John O'Reily, Archbishop of Adelaide. t Eudesindus Salvado, O.S.B., Tit. Bishop of Aclrana} and Abbot of' Neio Norcici. t James Murray, Bishop of Maitland. f William Lanio an, Bishop of Goulburn. ?t Elzearics Torreggiani, O.S.F.C, Bishop of Armidale. t John Cani, Bishop of Rockliampton. f James Moore, Bishop of Ballarat. f Stephen Reville, O.S.A., Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhorst. f Joseph P. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst. f Matthew Gibney, Bishop of Berth. f John Dunne. Bishop of Wilcannia. f James Corbett, Bishop of Sale. t Jeremiah J. Doyle, Bishop of Graf tooi. t John Hutchinson, O.S.A., Tit, Bishop of Maociini., and Vic. Apos, of Coohtown. t Joseph Higcuns, Auxiliary Bishop to the Cardinal Archbp. of Sydney. t Patrick Delany, Tit. Bishop of Lardndensis, and Coadjutor of Hobart. t John Gallagher, Tit. Bp. of Adrassa and Coadjutor of Goulburn. James Maher, JDioc. Administrator of Port Augusta. Anthony Strele, S. J., Administrator of Port Victoria and J?al merston. 