OBIOlNAtj STOIIY . J . - i '*4 — ' It® History of tbe Willow Faro. JX rAUL TWYFOED.) Jr III,— {OomHuro. « D**tbtttry back, but lot me have ju«t an , bom tmpC* HI don't bring back oco, at Uaat-Satis, II the ghoatbas not frightened tbaa» all away i' »»d fa Mfiag thlt be made ? grinuioo el Tom, who sat with hie ohln nm O® f-k pebns, looking stnightlato \ thorwiembes*. Joe *u - bora sportsman, and, wetor^ry. nothing ploaged him better loan Dealing the fcoab for guns of some ?Mt. ' Totn g avi a sigh of relief as Joe left the hooss whisging a comic air, and turned to wUtaoi^dnM. 'OUbhU,' he began, 'you'll think ma afrange— perhaps mad— when 700 bear wbat I hare lo my. It It batter that you should know It, for somebody else will— and thore'a bo knowing what ma; happen.' * Hen yon did aae somethingf* ' God help ma, 1 did ; and 1 abaU never rat again. When 1 thought yon were asleep, I pot op, and ran nearly all tbe way b«t., I fait the storm coming oo. I had | jut time to knock on a fin wliou it came OR id ml earnest — thunder, lightning, wind,, rain ; it amiimft ai if the end bad come — for tho roots appeared 40 ma to be full of mov ing tlilan, having neither nubetanoe nor tern. There followed a lull in tbe (torts , ana I aat looking in tbe fin and thinking o{ Mia. i' dear Zais ' * What '. ia that her name? what an out - landish name. Did ahe tell you f * Tea ; her father waa a Grerk, I believe, bat that U immaterial. While thinking of bar I felt a (light touch on my aboulder. I turned sharply round— there waa nothing : aid again I looked into tbe fire for her dear faoe. Again my ahoulder waa touobsd, and again I saw nothing. Then I determined to watch, and turned my face from the fin-, looking Into the gloom with strained i-y ? balls. Presently I began to see something moving, it dnn nearer and nearer, untii 1 oould soe a nuffl-d figure beckoning to mr with one band, while pointing with the other to another room -that room in there— (pointing to a doorway at the end ? ( thi' room in which we aat). I followed : I oouldn't resist . Outside the door is a short, dark passage, off which ia the room where 1 ?aw what will never be iffaoed from my memory. My muffled guide aeemed to carry an eleclric light ; yet 1 saw no lamp. The room waa lit with tho name pale bluo light — more like vapour than anything elne that I can think of — and though black aa jet all round, I oonld ace distinctly a bod, on 'Which reclined a man— apparently asleep— \- and by hia aide a woman. O God, how can I tall too whom ahe waa like ! no, not only like, but it vu she — Mrs. — — — ? , Zara ! oh* ww awake, ana presently rose on one ann and peered Into tbe sleeping man's faoe. For a time1 her faoe waa hid from me, then ?bo tarned; and U wu simply demoniac in its expression. From under bar pillow she drew a long, bright- dagger, and without farther hesitation, plunged it deep into the man** breast. He sprang op, in a spasmodic ?art of way, then fell took, while tho blood tpuyied ill over the white counterpane. Again and again the sharp blade was plunged into the dying man's body, and then the friend — the woman — Z*ra, raised her head and smiled straight at me ; her dark eyes seemed to pleroo me through and through. I aeemed to fall aoroa* tho bed, bat pickod injidf up from tho floor. It was all a phantasy ; thero was no bed, do murderess, no murdered man— nothing but a halo of bluo light showing a dark patch on the floo£ Mi waa blood, for I felt it — see, it ia on my hand now I* 'No, Tom, your hands are not blood* stained. It waa all fancy. Let us go and look at the room.' 4 No, no, no !' he almoet shrieked, 1 not for a kingdom !' 1 Then 1 wQl go,' and I groped my way to the which waa in black darkness, poaped all ronnd tho room aud felt nothing. 4 TTbore'e nothing there, Tom. I'm afraid yon'reinfora fever, or somothing ; you're gttite unmanned about something/ ' No, I swear L saw what I have described. Go and look again— bore, take this burning ?tick, » wQi light yon. I old as he desired, and saw nothing— no, I am wrong, for on the floor waa a big round patch of a dark oolonr. £ felt it ; it waa dry —ay *»»»'** were not stained. ' Did yon see anything, Phil f 4 Nothing— only a stain of something on Ihs floor— £ot that's nothing.* * Nothing t why what else can it l-e bat t^ood. Bee hero, Mrs. , Zara — my ?Zara — is a mnrdere^e — the man waa bcr bus band — yet she wean no ring. Is it net atraxie»»P* 'Well, yes, there ia somothing ftranjre abont that woman, I admit ; but m for the other, U is fancy. You are not well ; here*a Joe— with' two possums, I declare ; let ua jiow get back to camp.' Day was breaking, and Tom offered no objection. He went out into the road while Joe and I stood for a minute lighting our pipe* by tbe fire. * Joe, just a minute, grab that blaziug atiflk, ana follow mo.* Joe stared, out aia as ne was oia. uur blsjdng fire-stioks lit up the room »o that we ooaldui^eot it thoroughly : the walla were eoinpaot, no openiogs of any kind save Window and door, the former being closed with board abutters. jot ftoHftwl the black stain on tho floor, and wondered what it waa. * It ia hard to «&y; — rane aoddeat perhapa In the old dara ; possibly a man anot and Aid thare. Bo doubt that haa giren riae to { thirtbst yarn ? * k. 'Wbat, did Tom eee it r 4 Kptbl ; Wi awfully exdted, and I fear behap gbla tonefc of ferer. We will get away liwisfcora befor® he gets sick.* i Joe acqpieabed, and we joined Tom in the I road. Hb feav na amoking and felt for bia ' pipe, ikao ' altered hia mind, saying that 1 amoUnf WMa*t good for him. I IV. \ It WM fnUe light when we dipped into 1 onr nMrn- nvoWrTad a- I thought, for 1 Httbed^M$e^tMleef-. We alept late, until 1 we ?witS*jmr&Abf; oar Iriah friend, who 1 had jnatlnfaitafll Iran ? bathe, he told na: iSS^aT^Sri oiSJnete^-tete with ^ and a law mfanatM «flat iratJeB«b«t and! found Vmtn* itavAit Iwiitte tow* of oom, p«t Vam Kjmlne led jae faxtkar away owijwhihite ne; Mn. ?ngfukad Hubert withaoae tester, waa, «-eo madly 'Hal— hal— hal ?^?awtbtdmt.lMV* ! (MM f Poor boy I I muat tall(feldin.' 1 ?No, don't talk to him ; lnniila alone in hia fanciaa. Talking will do no good ; lat (handle out.' I ' Bat did ha ne anything T 'Than ia nothing there for him to eeo,' aaid I, evarirely. ?Of oourae not Ghoata! why, ghoata wnU» from oflF the faos of tbe earth at the end of the la«t oentary. Bot let ua go Dow, or they'll tbink we bare bolted ;* and he wbiaked me along through the rows of toll, dark oorn-etalka aa if I wore a feather weight. V. Bat little remalm to be told— and that I Avoid be able to till it grierea me much. It ia a myatery to thla day how it all hap Koed ; and gird aa 1 may, the aotaal perpe ttator of the damnable erime which wound ! up our holiday, la atill at large -that I*, ahe who waa the cause of it, neaped end Urea mauapeotcd by all bat myself, and, ponibly, JoeClemc nAhawe. Be that aa it may, 1 trill relate how that dreadful ended* i After luncheon the boats worn got ready, and several ham pen put aboard, itri— and Hooert were the ga^st of the company; the old lady wu pleasant, and the two young girls did their best to oheer Tom, whose I ue^poDocncy iney naa noutwa. Tbere were two boats —the larger seating tbe old lady, the two girls, Tom and myself; the other mas to be rowed br Hubert, Joe, and Rtchard, with the 'f&irladre;* aaoox I sw&in.; Bot when we were *B ready for a I start, Richard waa miaeing. We coo-ec-d, [ and coo-ee~d. bat the man did not tarn up, : and at the moment one of the maida c\me | down from the house and said ahe had *-en \- hiarowing about in a email skiff just before | we came down to the wharf. I * In that oaaeletua ko,' said Mm—-. 1 1 For he haa gone on auead.' S i sway we | went, laughing and flinging, all save two, my poor boy, Tom, and oyaclf . 1 -^rUiinl y hud no presentiment of trouble -1 foa r*. d ; only because of TomV rn'Oaruboly — which I attributed to his being uuu ell ; and hNothut »jmething might occur to r-mpp ^Jt»J»^?vl^ant- in-a Iwitwpeu him and 0'N« Wo arrirrd at the h'tl'- I ay rind !:uid- J . mnde&fiio; st»d bad tf*, ariil rim r- -rn | .*-5 *hout on thegraw unlii we w.-rrhll h'-t nnd tirvd. Then someone prfj-«N'i h bath^, H»d wv mm made f«ir the lwaU— win w I - ' almo-t in thf twinkling of an rye, T« ni wm mi» in^r, aud &lno; tbenmallor boat— }» .^ ftraTU' Jy, Richard had not yet turr.cl up. 1 f«-it troubled at Tom's going ufi hr him^lf, l-ut (?till felt do alarm. The three of un had --ur pwim, and then landed at a very promi»iug place to look for fern* for ' the ladies * — t*o O'Neill aaid. Hubert went in one direction and Joe the other, while 1 #at on a rock by the bank watching up and down stream for Tom — for I waa getting uneasy at hia ab son oe. Joe soon returned ; but after waiting for nearly an hour, and tho sun waa getting low, we began to ooo-ee for our big friend, Hu* tart. Getting no reply, wo followed tlie direction he had taken, coo-eo-ing aa we went. Still no reply, nor sign of him. Wt* entered the boat and pulled aloog by tbe bank, calling aloud hia name , but no res ponse. Joe than puggegted that aa the place we landed at waa on the same side of the stream a a where we had left the ladies, Hu bert had probably made for them in order to take them by surprise. Tho idea waa feasi ble ; and we pulled back expecting to And both Hubert and Tom there— but, alas ! we were sadly disappointed. Tho conatcmatiou of the women folk wan great indeed at our two frienda' strange disappcaranoe, and the old lady also thought it * very strange * that Richard should have kept away. * Never mind him— he's nobody*' said Mrs. ? ; but your two friends, Mr. Brown, whatever ban have happened to them V I was almoet speocmesa with dread, and for the life of me I oould not have spoken civilly to the woman had I tried. It was now dark, and Joe, ever practical suggested a return to tbe faroi, in order to organise search parties. We did so— Joe and I pulling silently— and I may say in re gard to myself, almost savagely—- for I began to hate the woman who sat facing me, with her fair Greek face and curling Up ; har blue black hair and dark blue eyes, melting in love one moment and blazing in anger the next. We had a lantern in the boat, and bv its dim light I caught sight of this woman fs faoe, and it was deadly in its palor and ex* presslon ; the poor old lady rocked her body and moaned, while the girls sobbed. Yet the woman most oonoerned sat silent, with com pressed lips and blanched cheek ; and 'twas only when the older woman made some piti ful exclamation, that she spoke— she fiercely turned upon them with * shut up vour whin ing, it is my trouble, not youra.' We aroused the neighbors ; and in a very short time half a dozen boats, and twioe as manv men, were engaged in sea rolling for our missing companion a. All night long we rowed about, and landed ; buut fires, and ooo-eed and did all that oould be done to dia oovor them ; but the oold grey morning csime without a reward, and we returned to the farm miserably dejeoted. Neither Mrs. — nor the old lady had gone to bed all nurht, and it was pitiful to see their grief-strioken faces — though the younger woman put on a bold front. Yet she dasped my hand oonvulsively when I approached her, and hoarsely whispered : 4 l-n you tmnk tnev are drowned ! * Madam, how can I tell f 1 replied in my severest tones. About nine o'clock, as we were making some ahow of getting breakfast, in walks Riohard, carrying a fine fish. He looked haggard, and bis foxy eyes were blood shot ; while his boots and trousers were muddy. Questioned, be aaid he had been fishing, but had met with an accident, slipped from a rook and sprained his ankle so xnuoh so that he had been lying out all night unable to move, it was quite feasible ; and aa for hia not joining us in the excursion I oonld quite understand that. He seemed astonished when told of thedisapnearanoe of O'Neill and xom ; ana eaergeacauy iea ue way co tne boats in order to make further search. Some words spoken in a low tone, passed between him and lfrs. — - — ; and I saw her dart a look of ineffable scorn at the man, while he enured before he. We were inet unmooring the boat, when we saw a iwghboar'a boat pulling into the pier, and a man in the boat waving us back. Hra. ? also saw the boat and ran down to tho landing to meet it. And old sail covered something lying in the bottom of the boat ; one of the men ltfted it, and there lay the body of poor Tom 8teinworth— wet and , eodoen, and hia fate all bloody. Mti, did not screen : but clinched her , bfnda and ?? ?????p— her lips, while her faoe i bore a look of greet anguish. | Poor Tom : his forehead waa smashed—' how, we oonld not tell. We removed the | bod) to the house ; and Mrs. ? called I Richard. He came; and a more hang-dog look I never saw on a man. \- Richard, ride to the Ferry for the doctor ; and tell him and the police to oome here/ . He had hardly left her ride when ahe called after him : * Merer ; here b Mr. ? (pointing to * neighbour) he will go; I ain't a pare had all just nt down to a late tea wben A lowl halloa waa heard at the wharf. u4jl£|irere ont in en inatant, and ran dotos JoBIm water bare-headed, the con atahk 'jMlnrins. A boat «u then, and aa Poor^Tom had foe. one aba waa 111* whole thin^ waa i noomprehaaaiUe ; Itanad to tell anyono whet I tbotgul ; i 1 deajrbl to spare tbe rejmcaUuuuf ioy two dead friends, and I had no proof whatever to snggeatanythingelM. The woman waa katoer for At knew more than 1 did -and uodoabt her aoapidotii wan wall founded— whatever they were. When Bichard reared to rat, hia root* door waa looked, and the polioeman pat tb( key in hie pocket 1 Mt by tlie dead all night— Xis. ? coming in i-t internals— while poor Joe, fairly worn nnt, lay down upon a verandah aoat aud elrpt. Where I aa£ and watched waa but a few (rat off the room in whioh Hiohard alept ; yet it waa out of my aigbt. Anyone oould haro entered without my seeing him : once tho poliomaa looked into the onamber of death, and I heard him atop at the door of Ricliard'a room — aa if listening. Next morning the man did not appear at breakfast ; hia room doOr bad been early, hot he could not hare left it without being seen, for tha polioeman was not the only one on tho watsh. At nine o'clock one of the maida knocked at the door ; at ten the old lady, and an hour latter Mra. ? ; and tboro being no answer to her appeal, die beckoned to me and the polioeman. ' Open the dour,' she aaid, with an air of pmnd authority. The polioeman opened the door; tho mau was in bed— dead. There waa no eign ot a struggle, nor mark nor bruise to nhow how he died. Tbe doctor said he bad died in his deep. Mrs. — stood looking at tho corpse for a minute, and then left th* bed side with a pesuliar smile upon 'prelate features. It was a era He of satUfaction — a -tup1, hard smile— and I wondered how the woman could smile at all/ Joe and I have met many time* #inrc tbnt terrible occurrence, and have rcligioatly drunk to the memories of our do&r; old clmm*. and aa bitterly curved tho*e who burriei th»xm to their death, be they living or dead. We bare discuft**d tho whole matter no of I en, and so critically, that we oupht to be able by tbi« timo tn see tight, but 1 nonlow that the whole thin* ia as dark a* «Tcr. Neither of can hMd Mrs. — blameloM ; hot fan we Miere th.it ahe waa not id«n»iili«d iu s--me w^y with the horrible apparition which i r ;jly forewarned p«x»r Tom of hi^ fat' ; nnd | w hnj wr ripoak of Richsrd'f- Nuiid-jn exit, j vi.iJo the IwnUee of our two frioud** Uy vet | iiiiburiM, we l»--jk into cach othor*-i cye-j aud j rr ?' trb other's thoughts oorrrctly. We dn o -t |;tjow ; bat wo both have the ftronffiM I Iwljt'f thut ono. nt Imat, of nurfri^?ud^diM by I thu han'U, ho being at the time mud ! with jt«'il-Mify. A_« for hi/* atmnge.' death, j there rnn l*e but one opinion aa to wbo.*»* ! han^f cau.M?d it. It is wrong to miajudge at | any time — but ?^rioua, iodoed, in a caae of a , PUj-piciou*lr sudden death, and where thrrv i wm so nuch mystery as we found pervading , the family at the Willow Farm. Tns Kjtd. 