_THE STORYTELLER. THE QUESN OF THE ,. SOTTTH. ?y-p-: \ u CHAPTER XLTir. .. Bat little more transpired of this intei* view than the resvilt8. Mrs. ' Wlldgopse reappeared in the kitchen after a very long interval with the jiyfal intelligence, that. ;ther lady had fully recognised .her claims !j|pon her, and had resolved to take her into ?'ner.8ervice as a personal attendant. Ward robe-woraan, 'sa^i the tifle Fanilda was pi- a3 »d 1 1 gv- e to ber p i on in the house boid, intimating that she was to relieve Polly of a portion of her duties with the needle. Her ladyship intended to qive a asries of private theatricals, and as F^nilda sta'ed herself to have great ta^te in decora iion, it was left to be concluded her time would be amply employed without inter fering with, the affairs of anybody else. In a very brief period, nevertheless, Mrs., Wildgoose abandoned all this moderation. She became established as a personal favorite with her mistress, and began to domineer over the whole household. This tyranny increased affcf-r shV had been honored as the mediate of. communicating to Sir Eichard the bappy' tidings of the probability .of his, 800n becoming a father again. Uutil \tiiX period she was not much of a favorit^,with:.him, though he made no open o^jjeotiojjg j0 njg lady's wish to retain aer- But at the period we have resched in t»ar narrative even the high . fated Orlando had learned to tremble before her. We mentioned in the previous chapter that immediately after Sir Richard's de C^Tture for Brook Mrs. Wildgoose was summoned to her lady's presence. .''.O'ose the door— very* carefully,' said L^dy Graham, as Fanilda entered, curtsey ing in the true style of a monthly nurse. She was not at all a bad actress in very low comedy parts, if the public had had sense to appreciate her. But the public only helieves in puffs, and Fanilda preforred to spend her money other ways, when s'le .had any, which was not often. The first part cf this sentence was uttered in the tone of a lady giving an order to a domestic, the latter in tint of an accomplice instilling the necessity of caution. 'That fellow, who wants to be called Orlando, is always pricking his long ears about on the feel for intelligence,' Baid Lady Graham, as scon as the tha request *'as complied with. 'I cannot make out what ho means by it, but I find him look tag at me occasionally, when he stands behind Sir Richard at 'dinner, in a really incomprehensible manner. Don't laugbj but without the slightest tinge of vanity on the suVj-ict, you may believr, do yon know I almost think the moony calf has fallen in love with me T' Bat Fanilda did laugh, in an undertone giggle indeed. ?' Fallen in love withyou,cMari8. Well, he certainly boasted the other day, investi gating some coffee grounds in his cup, that he saw a rich widow smiling at him iu tie n,' aaid Mrs. Wildgoose. ' We musli t ave him kicked out of the house before he gets too preposterous for mere laughter,' said Lady Graham indig nantly. 'D) you think the knave don't believe in me, Fanilda, that he dares to make such observations V 'I myself told him he had good grounds for the expectation — in his coffee cup,' replied Mrs. Wildgobse, still laugh ing inwardly almost fit to choke herself. ' But it was not to talk of this fool I sent for you, Fanilda,' resumed Lady Graham. ' I thought of suggesting to you — Don't yout think it would be the best thing possible to take advantage of the aaitating occasion of Sir Richard's absence to execute our project, and com plete his exasperation against this un known heir, by making (he discovery seem to oost him the one he ao fondly ex pects from me?' Mrs. Wildgoose changed at oace in manner, and became very business-like and attentive. ' I thought this was your plan, dear,' she said, after a slight pause of re flection, and filling herself a glass of wine from the table. ' But I'm afraid it won't do. No, it will never do, Rlaria.' 'Why will it not do ? It must do.' returned Lady Graham, with some warmth. \- ' Of course it would make 'Sir Richard in a fine rage at this beautiful grandson of his. Orlando says he is a very handsome, spirited young fellow — just the one to spoil all our little arrangements ; and so far it would be just the thing, I admit,' pursued Fanilda. ' Well, what more do we want ?'* ?'. ' Why, in olher respects the project strikes me as presenting several very great disadvantages. In the first pkca, poor Richard has quite set his heart on an heir to his old age, and it would be a pi'y a man of his money should be disappointed in anything he is willing to pay for^ — and rather handsomely, too. As his widow, he would no doubt leave you, Maria, a fine jointure. But if he had an heir he could fancy his own, he would be only too happy to endow him, with all his immense wealth, and wouldleave its administra tion, during what is likely to be a pretty minority, in your hands.' 'But it is impossible,' said Lady Graham, in a low tone. 'The sufferings and privations I underwent from Black ader's desertion and base conduct to me at the time Malvina was born render it im possible.' „ ' That's a bad job,' said Mrs, Wild goose, plaintively. 'And that's, I sup pose, the reason why Blackader looks so strange, and has such a lurking, vindictive sneer all over his ugly face when Sir Richard feasts himself at his wine with his hopes and expectations to him. The wretch listens as if he should like to blast all bis happiness and delightful calcula tions with some . puff-adder of a woid he keeps, in a proper enough cage, in his owe breast, but would like to throw on the table before Sir Richard and say, * There, do your worst.' ' ' Does he ?' said Lady Graham, with a dark flush of the complexion.: 'Well, now, and really, Maria, poor Sir Richard is a decent sort of a creature, and he behaves to you like a king. Hu knows what he has raised you from, yet he always treats you as if he had married one of the first ladies of the land.' 'No, he does not; know what he has raised me from — heaven forbid he should. But he is a very kind husband. Too kind, in fact ; he bores me to death- with his evei'lapving dotage and attentions.' ?' Would you have liked Blackader then better, who had hardly taken you from your home before he .left you to sink or swim by yourself in this remarkably kind world of ours?' said*Fanilda, helping her self to another glass of the valuable wine before her, which Sir Richard himself compared to drinking distilled gold. 'I should have murdered him, or he would have murdered me, bv this time. It is impossible to say how I hate the villain,' returned Lady Graham, with an energy that; bore testimony to the sincerity of her expression. ' Wflll, I know of a capital revenge we could take on him,' said the conspiratrix. 'I have one of my own in store lor him,' replied her lady, with exceeding bitterness. ' But we can never have too much of a thing we like, in spite of the proverb, Fan. Say what you think would do him harm ?' ' And please Sir Richard ? Poor old fellow. I declare it quite brought the tears to my eyes the other day to hear him telling Blackader what a pretty name he iatonded to call his boy. For it is to be a boy you know, .dear. After the hero of a fairy tale he read, it seems, when he was a boy — or else he heard his late wife telling it to her children— Fortunatus our little hero is to be called.' It vas strange, but Lady Graham was a little affacted by this, prospective tender ness of her husband towards the third, of that imaginary race she had mothered on herself. Perhaps she thought for the mo ment with regret. and fondness on the ab sent Malvina. ' It would be a pity to disappoint him.' ' But will you listen to my advioe ?' 'Certainly, I will listen— and if it be anything feasible I will take it moreover.' ... There was a short silence. ' 'Well, then, Maria,' said Fanilda, leisurely, picking the grapes off a bunch, and shooting the emptied skins from her lips into the fireplace as she spoke, ' don't you remember acting in a little afterpiece at Bristol called the' Fairy Changeling?'' ' 'When you nearly broke, your neck coming down from the roof of the stage on, a broomstick as a witch ?' 'Exactly, but that little cirenmstanca isn't much to the purpose. You were the mother, you know, of the piece— I mean of the child, with whom I exchanged my detestable little imp that played all the pranks so much to the delight of the upper gallery.' *{ I remember.' 'Well?' was all Mrs. Wildgoose re sponded, but she fixed her gipsy eyes on Lady Graham with «n expression at once ludicrous and detestable, for its gleeful sparkle was instinct with the suggestion of a crime. . ' Ah — well,' echoed Sir Richard's bride—and she started and turned very pale. ' Take a glass of Tokay, dear, it will do you good; though it was half a dozen glasses of ij the other day that put the whole thing into my head,' said Fanilda, quite coolly, and as if hospitably inviting a stranger to partake of the refreshing stimulant thus recommended. ,.'?-. ' What did the wine put . into your head ?' said Li dy Graham, with hesitation. 'Lawk, child, how dull you are— or rather you pretend to be,' returned Mrs. Wildgoose, with her expressive wink. ''' Would it not be too wicked— such an imposition? After aH, the oil man has behaved to me with extreme generosity,' Slid Lady Graham, witii a nervou3 shudder. 'And how caa you better show your gratitude than by g ving him his heart's desire V returned the depraved counsellor. 'By palming on him as his own j a stranger's cffapiiog? By introducing a false heir into his housa to deprive bis children of tbeir rightful succession ?' said Lidy Graham. She could think justly .at times, however rarely she acted up to her ideas. . ? ? . ...?'???? ' Nay, if you take it that way,-— but /I don't suppose it is ih^ first time the thicg has been doae — didn't they say it of tho young Pretender ?' said Fanilda, calmly. ' And if it is there must be a beginning for everything, though it is sometimes too far back to look for it. And pray what is Sir Richard's family to you, Maiia 1 Do you, think if they could brnlle you ott of tho first floor window here, they wouldn't lend you a lift with all pleasure in life over tho balustrade ] Bat what, if 1 were you, Z should en j '-y much mora than disappoint ing' them — though tbiHt would be worth the» trouble — would be Biackader's wonder andl vexation. He would feol that ha was gona out of confidence, used up as an instrument, and yet would not dare to say a word 6c utter a complaint whatever he might sus pect or fear.' '' Delightful indeed,' said L%dy Graham, laughing slightly. 'I hive even fmn'd out that though ha cares nothing for ma himself personally, it annoys him wonder fully to witness m? displays of tendernfsa for Sir Richard. I really sometimes almost Overact my part iu that respect, on purposa to'v«x him ?'? ' 'He hates m9 too, and verily that is reciprocal,' said Mrs. Wildgooae, also laughing; 'but how about our littlo drama ? Would a repetition of the action on a stage of real life strike you in tho advantageous light it does me ?' 'But the execution would be so difficult, almost impossible.' '* Why so 1 You have already told Sic Richard I was your solo attendant wbea your other darlings siw the light. And', indeed, I think if it hadn't been for me and that other woman in the ward you would h*vo died, Maria, when that lovely minx of yours, Malvina, came into this wicked world. Dim'fc you think so? And you have declared you will have no other, though Sir Richard protests you shall have half a dozen of the first physicians in Lon don — so sensitively delicate you are, you. know, my dear. Now we ha\e only to find out; some way to enable you to k?ep your word. And there ia a friend of. inuio, quito as muoh of an old witch '?as?ev*r; :?!?' couH protend to be— by tho bye, and of yours too—the Puchcss of Dairy Lane^ You haven't foigotten her ? She haa plenty of poor wretched creatures cotning to her place to be rid of the consequences of their own imprudence, and of men's cruelty and ingratitude, as our Mary Maunders would say in secret. And I'i) warrant we can easily secure a son and heir for tbe house of Graham and Holtwhistle among Mother Sollshore's unhappy cus tomers; They will be as glad to be quit of their youg Norvals as ever Sir Elchard can be to obtain one.' ' But the risk of disoovory, Fanilda. It would be terrible.' ' Til provide against that, never fear. I have never told Mother Sellshore that I have taken up my residence in this house, or hinted in the least at your identity. | She imagines you are much such a lady as j you give yourself out to be, with wbcm I j had made acquaintance in my fotmer1 oapacity of monthly nurae. And I will persuade her I am employed by a Por!n guase count and countess, out of hatred of his younger brother, who will else inherit his titles and estatf s, to play the very trick \- we intend upon good Sir Eichard. The Jews believe in anything againsi; the Portuguese, they used to grill them so in the time of the Inquisition. As to any other objections, you shall see I shall manage them as easily as shelling hard eggs for a salad ?' Nefariously wicked as this proposition was, Lady Graham had sot enough of principle or feeliDg left to reject it. Never theless even she hesitated. 'I don't say I consent, but you might make inquiries,' she said, rather Bhrink ' ingly. ?' I don't want you to consent unless I pnt'the matter before you in such a light that yon must see there is not the least ? danger in what I propose. I am sure I have no desire to be on the tramp again,' said Fanilda, well knowing how to interpret this di-abt. And after a much longer discussion of the subject, the younger and perhaps a little lees depraved woman finally gave a fall adhesion to the suggestion of her ally, provided it should be found sufficiently feasible in the execution. Accordingly the next day, probably about ' the hour when tbe inquest at Brook ter minated in a verdict that apparently com pleted the ruin of the youth against whom these machinations were direoted, without their aid, Mrs. 'Wildgoose proceeded on a ' .little excursion of her own to Westminster. She did not indeed start in that direction. \- She requested Orlando to see her to a ? Chelsea omnibus, where she said she had Borne relations whom her lady kindly ? allowed her an afternoon to go and visit. Lidy Graham was of course better in the morning. But once out of sight it was easy to shift from the omnibus to a cab \- which stopped at the end of Tothill-street. Fanilda found Mrs. Sellshore seated in her shop, puffing for breath like a landed porpoise, with a strong smell of rum or ' some equally aromatic stimulant diffused in the atmosphere around her. ' Well, I'm sure, Mrs. Wildgoose, the Bight of you would be go~d for sore eyes, though my complaint isn't in them, to be euro. Do you know, I seem to have to lift a blacksmith's bellows every time I take breath ?' said the owner of the old clothos store, pathetically, after exchanging greet ings with her friend. 'I don't a$ all wonder at that, duchess — you stick so to Dimness,' replied Mrs. Wildgoose. ' Business ; no it isn't that. I only wish it was — business is rooBt uncommon bad just at present,' returned the former, taking a tremendous gasp. , ' Well, don't quite swallow all the air, for I've come to have a good long chat r , with you, and I shall require a little for my own use, you know.' 'Oh, Mrs. Wildgoose, what a merry woman you always was, and is, and will ? ' be,' Baid the visited, brightening up con .aiderably. 'Pray take a seat; you won't ? ? mind the stool having no back, for you've a good strong one of your own. Hi, hi, , hi ! I am sure I never expected to laugh this morning, but whenever I see you I get as merry as a grig, you've always such cheerlul wayses about you.' ' But I want to speak with you, out of all danger of being overheard, on a matter of business,' said Fanilda, with mysterious solemnity. u Why, what's up now ? Any trinkets you don't like to trust with your uncle to dispose of?' returned the older wickedness ' Let's go down to your bedroom and talk it out there,' replied Mra. Wiidgoose, who knew that her friend, in consideration 8f he.r iafirKittefJ, k;\d taken up Lor quarters in tte kitchen, whither she could descend by a few steps. Mrs. Sellshore complied with the re quest, snatching up her dram bottle as she left the shop, and murmuring, whilst Fanilda burst out laughing, that she must not forget to take her medicine regularly. The two friends were soon closely closeted, and in the midst of a very in teresting conference. It was astonishing with what easiness Mrs. Sellshore fell into the notion that her assistance was required to forward the fraudulent plins of a Portuguese nobleman and his- wife, anxious to deprive a younger brother of his inheritance. ' There's nothing they wouldn't do for money or mischief, those wizene»i-up, vicious old monkeysof Portuguesenobility,' she exclaimed, when she had listened to Fanilda's explanation. No other obstacle to the design ap« peared to the old Jewess excepting the diffioulty. ' I don't know of anyone in trouble just at present,' she said, musingly. ' There was Lucy Watkins, but he*1 mistress found her out, and taxed her so severely that she went and drownded herself last week from Waterloo Bridge. But give me all the particulars, and I'll look out. Only, as I shall be put to a great deal of trouble, aad the baby will have to be parted with for good and all, I suppose, as it's to go abroad, I shall oxpect a handsome fee.' '?Of course. You don't th-nk I should have recommended you to a job not worth having? The count's as rich as any of your own Shylocks. What do you think would be about the mark ?'' ' Well, the mother will expect some thing ot course ; so, what with one ex pense and another, I couldn't engage to do tbe business satisfactory under a bun ? dred pounds.' ' A hundred pounda then it shall be,' replied the negotiator, with readiness. ' A hundred pounds, and all expenses paid,' said the Jewess, rajoiag hor dqmand. ' Well, I don't object to that even,' re plied Fanilda, laughing, ' provided you do everything in the cleverest manner pos sible, and keep tbe whole as secret as tbe grave till doomsday. You will set about it at once, then, and write me word at a lady's where T'm stopping in expectation hourly of a little event, you know. But you must only mention the affair as if it was all about a teapot I'm trying to get matched for a housemaid that has broken a fina china one of her mistress's, for fear of any accident with the letters. The Portu guese lady won't want her little purchase there for eight or nine weeks.' ' Well, we'll have a drop of something nice on the bargain, Mrs. Wildgoose. You used always to be partial to a little Old Tom,' said the hospitable mistress of the establishment. ' Oh, I can't bear that horrid stuff now; and that's how you have ruined your own health, Mrs. 'Sellshore. You fancy it's your lungs, but it's your liver,' said Mrs. Wildgoos9. ' But come, I'll tell you what, I'll stand treat. Hern's a sovereign, and let's have a couple of bottles of cham pagne, and a dozen queen oakes to eat with it.' This splendid invitation was accepted as cordially as it was offered, and the worthy friends were speedily pledging each other in draughts ol the sparkling beverage pro cured from a neighboring wine-vault. Cheerful conversation and reminiscences of mutual acquaintances and of their checkered fortunes diversified the repast. The gossips had finished their first bottle, and were looking at the second with preparatory glances, when Mrs. Sell shore was suddenly called from the shop above by her daughter Rebeoca, who was left in charge. ' Mother, mother,' exclaimed theyounger Jewess, in shrill and alarming accents, ' here's a woman come into the shop that's going to die. Gome upstairs to her, come Upstairs.' 11 Going to pteal things under prq^nocj of being ill. I've had that trick played on ' ' me before now/' exclaimed Mrs. Sellshore, and starting tip, she ascended the stairs with a rapidity of which her previous mo tions had given little promise, stimulated by the dread of losing her property. Mrs. Wildgoose, justly considering it was no concern of hers, and not very de sirous of being seen in that locality by any stranger, remained behind, and calmly proceeded to remove the lead and wire fastenings of the second bottle of cham pagne. But she too was startled from this occu pation by hearing Mrs. Sellshore screeching' ia her evil tones, ' Take her away i take1 her away, I tell you, woman. I know nothing of the creature, and she seems a* wretchedly poor drab, and I won't havener left on my charity.' ' Shure, and don't you see the way_ she'* in 1 and this is the very place she was directed to where I've brought her, as ye'Il see by the bit of paper I couldn't read that she showed me. And isn't she fainted all but dead, misthress? so that I couldn't ' ' carry her in my arms noway without a cab, and where's a poor cratur' like me to get the money from V a female voice responded in strong Irish accents. ' Take her to the workhouse. Take her to the workhouse, I say. I won't have her left here. I know nothing at all about her.' 'Why, Mrs. Sellshore, good heavens, what are you going on. so at ?. Don't you see the poor creature needs kind and womanly treatment,'' she interposed, and stooping down to the prostrate girl, she began chafing the temples of the desolate waif of destiny cast on that rough shore. 'The Lord reward you^ my lady, and give you a long life, for ever and ever,'* exclaimed the honest-hearted Irlsl w.--man. . ' Who is she V said Mr?. Wildgoose. ' And it's I that don't know,' replied the rough bnt kindly creature. «-I.keep a fruit stall round the corner, and she comes up to me all whimpering and deathly .pale like, and shows me a bit of paper; and askei me if I knows the name of the place or tiah person, to be so good asto tell her, b6&re-; / she lost her senses by the fright and . apise^ going on all around ua every whei©-. A-nd- she Bays something about her beiagtaypodrv girl out of place that had coma up over night by the coach and knew, nothing about-, her way in town. But tb^spsacbe le& 'herr '_ a3 she was afther spaking^.and IS nuns fata, the King's Arms to ask,- the maning *-f her* letter, and tould ms.it said as plain as talk ing, I was to, bring her. here to Mrs^. Sellshore's,. at the Black Doll,, where If bought the shawl I have on my back,, though she purtends to know nothing about; my being a respectable widdy now, and as* good as herself any day of the weekv' ' I am sure we oannot as human creatures; deny the poor girl any little assistance- ia our power, Mrs. Sellshore,'. said Fanilda, with an expressive glance at her friend that suddenly brought the sntject of their late conversation back to her muddled brains. ' And look, she really has a letter clenched in her hand directed to you.' -....-. The beldame mechanically took the epistle, which Fanilda took from . the patient's hand, a dirty sorew of paper that '* nevertheless bore sufficient resemblance to a letter to entitle it to the consideration, due to one. She opened it and read it half aloud, ia a discontented mutter. But her counten ance rather lighted up as she proceeded. ' It ia from a man of the name of Patrick Rourke, little better than a housebreaker, if the truth were known, before he gam ? moned the chaplain of the house of correc tion into the belief he had made a convert: of him from his own religion, so that he gave him a character, and got him into a decent place,' she explained after a perusal.. ' And is the girl — -what is she ?' ' 'No; she's his daughter, and he sends j her up to my care for a month or. so oa\ account of the misfortune she's brought on, herself, that ohe might not lose her charac ter in the country. She has plenty ofV money to pay for anything she wants, he-; says, and for the helD I am to give her.' 'It's a pretty plain case, then? And? besides she has no ring,' eaid Mrs. Wild goose, adding in accents of great oompast ion,. ' Well, I'll be her bondswoman, Mrs. Sell shore, that you are amply rewarded for your trouble. Come, let's carry tbe poos creature up stairs. She want's rest more than anything else, I dare Bay.' 'Lord love and reword you, my good! lady j and it'a the truth you say, I'll be bail, for oho tould me she couldn't make up he? heart to ride till she had nigh tumbled o{ the weariness on the road, and the coach came up, and ohe got on a top of it, wiotfal to save her money, no doubt, for a gceatetf noed-'caGiOD,' GGJicl the JsfohffQKian, , ^ ^ ' ? , yvr. '.'I couldn't ride-— I couldn't nde. The 'J i i .' - - ^.,'^money was all so red, the coachman ?would u . -\ -lhave seen it, and told the judges all about \'C-': ^ \ r-s.'it,' now wildly faltered out the unhappy \- ;--'?.,. ' ' 'patient. ?Vv ;^ ' r ' She's delirious, I should think?'' said , - ' '' ',; ? ^Mrs. Wildgoose, looking inquiringly at her ' ^ * ?' 'friend. : \- ' ? - - 'I ain't; quite 80 sure of that. Her Jj , v ' - father's a rum 'ua, and if she has got any '?'; - r- ?' - ' - .'money much, I don't snppose it's over T\ -' „ '.honestly come by,' retarned the experienced '?? *?- ,, ^matron. r. -, . ., 'Money! — I have money. Don't turn * „ ? ? T me out of doors to die in the street,' sighed , -° ' , -poor Mary, exhaustedly eiaking back onco -„_'''? . -more on her comfortless couch, but groping with her hand to her pocket in a manner '---, l , - 'that greatly strengthened the beneficent v . ' feelings arising in Mrs. Sellshore's heart, 'I r- ever since she had taken a calmer view of / -.the event, under Fanilda's guidance. -\ '' - 'Take comfort and compose yourself, ' 'my good girl. If you hadn't a penny in \- - ' the world I would never stand by and see -=. ,.-^a fellow creature brought to such misery *o and not lend a hand to help her,' ex 1 t! claimed the still more charitable visitor. '?' Well, don't touch my money — don't, ': l'- don't — it isn't good money — but you shall ~r'a\l be paid for whatever you do for me. A j young gentleman is coming up to marry 0 me, who will pay for everything,' said '_ ' r. -' Mary, still more bewilderedly, as it apr ? ' pearod to her hearers. Of the two prin * 1'cipal ones, each interpreted the words in '3' .her own way. -?'',.--»' Bad money I Has Rourke turned ?? coiner, then, by way of a finish ?' mat '^''tered Mrs. Sellshore. \- , %?. '? I like young people who like their \- - , i~mon-»y — it's always a sign of prudence and ? forethought,' said Mrs. Wildgoose, adding efejfnternally, ' the very one for us. One s1- -cbh always reason with a person that likes '►^?money — and is in want of it— even on the o- -most difficult points— such as a young Smother parting with her first-born for -„-'--. good and aye. Come, 6iBter Peggy, or .^Bridget — I beg your pardon if I don't .:-f*ezaotly know your name-— -let us carry this \- -r j ik-young lady up stairs to a comfortable bed ?:.l there is in the second pair back, and you, ^VMrs. Sellshore, will perhaps have the ^'goodness to bring up the wine, and give A»i£er a glass or bo to revive her.' ' ? t'-Gertainly,' said the party addressed, ?'Etching thr emphatic glance of' her visitor; \- and the applewoman, taking Mary in her /' Btout arms as easily as if she bad been an ?' infant, carried her up to the chamber indi ?-: cated. 1 '*''' It was the same Lady Graham had oc ''*'-jupied when she was in lodgings, in the humbler capacity of the Widow Snodgrass. 1 It was miserably furnished, but Mary '? .Rourke felt it a most delightful refuge ; L $vben she was. permitted to sink on the -'wretched pallet, where she relapsed into -'Tier Bwoon. :'?. We leave her surrounded by the atten tions of her -hostess and of Mrs. Wild goose while the good-hearted Irishwoman, : ' , 'jiaving received the gratuity of a sixpence, * Was reminded that possibly her deserted ~' ' stall would be in danger from the boys oi ' the neighborhood and recommended to re '' turn and protect it. Alarmed with this .notion. she took her departure with willing ness, and the accomplices were left in full ' ^possession ot their intended instrument. ';?.' CHAPIEtt XLIV. -iv ''.The wind was favorable, and the Osprey ' -j*aiade Portsmouth on the morning after ;- leaving the Downs. w , ?,* '' -?-,.-- A very explained his sudden departure -;.' - ' i. 'to his young lieutenant as soothingly to ? , his feelings as he could. ' I don't want to ? lose-a moment on our great enterprise that II can- avoid,' he observed, ' and therefore ? J thought it best to take advantage of the , , 'wind down channel. We can put this ~ _ „ friend of yours ashore just as well at one \- i place as another ; only I should be vexed ', : ' -beyond all endurance if he coaxed you on '„*-.- ' the dull laud without your ever experieno ' ' ing the joyous, tossed-about life we' lead on '„' \' ^the sen' ?? Thera is not the least fear of that,' ? '.mid our hero ; ' I have less liking for the .land than ever I had before, Captain Avery. I burn, I thirst to execute our . ''enterprise, that I may prove — it does not vmuoh matter what I prove. Yes, more vthan ever, I would give life itself to be , able to convince. her 1 love that I am not ? ' - the poor mercenary slave she takes me to ?? Vbe.' 'Have they not eont after you from ?; ^Brook ?' said Avery. ,_'.,_, ' Yob, but not to reoall me. They have \+ !'»- ;?' tfleot me a parcel of paper whiob may bo ,'/*i ^urnod, if I saa, fit, into, n heap pf yqflavy - metal. I mean to send it all back- — not by the bearer, for he vows he will not re turn among them— but by the first safe conveyance I light upon.' 'Right, my lad, right,' exclaimed the captain, much rejoiced at the explanation. 'When they see us again on English ground it shall be with the treasures ot Sultan Avery at command, in order at least that women may not suspect us of being- governed in our actions by the poorest and basest of motives.' Patrick Rourke, thuB entrapped into a voyage, was terribly sea sick all the way. And this man, who had so unfeelingly assisted in, or rather peremptorily promp ted, the slaughter of a fellow being, com passioned himself in the highest degree for his misadventure. ' It's the shabbiest trick that ever was played on a man, by St. Patrick,' ho exclaimed, as he lay writhing and wallow ing on the deok ; ' to bring one out; at sea in danger of ail the ilements for no rason on earth but the pleasure of the captain, and for the sake of a handful of wind in the sails. Oh, if I was only once on shore, catch me going off the dry land again.' Frederick afterwards remembered that his uninvited guest dwelt with curious pertinacity upon a variety of associations, all connected in some way or another with a violent death inflicted at the hands of the public executioner. Nevertheless, as they' approached Ports mouth, and the first paroxysms of sea sickness wore off, Patrick began 'to talk in another strain. ' After all, sir,' he st»id to Frederiok, who brought him some of the sailors' broth. ' After all, now I have got over the first to- do of it, I think I should make as good a sailor as another, and I have no wish at all to stay among the people ashore. It would be long bpfore they brought me a basin ofgood broth, any of them, if I wore dying of hunger. Don't the captain hnro waut a steward or a cook, or anything of n land sort at all, at all, for me to go with him on aB long a voyage as ever was Bailed, with the exception that I should like to come back again a year or two at the most.' 'And what meanwhile would beoomo pf your faraily, arjd of yo«r dwghtw j Mary?' said Frederick, in a tone that visibly stirred his hearer's attention. ' And what do you know about Mary, or care for the childer V he replied, peevishly, ' and she's old enough to look out for herself, isn't she ? ' . Frederick know not, iu his own youth ful simplicity, whether the Irishman as yet suspected his daughter's fall and deplor able condition in consequence. ' Well,' he observed, with some embar rassment, 'perhaps in your present condi tion you would be of no great assistance to your family, Rourke, and though I would notvaccept the smallest trifle Miss Sidney or her friends could offer me personally, I should have no hesitation in entreating her benevolence for poor Mary and your little ones;' Rourke was touched in spite of the ferocity and baseness of hi? nature. ' Ye're a good young gentleman, Master Frederick,' said he, after a pause, ' and I'll be shot if I do you ail the harm some people would be glad I should. Just you take my advice, and keep as snug to the ship as you can — and they won't be able to take you back, aud make a sort of a show of you for a runaway apprentice, as I heard say old Mr. Pophly would have it you ought to b9 trated, though I don't be lieve you ever signed articles.' Fiederick smiled incredulously. But as Rourke persisted with great earnestness in his desire to be received on board in any capacity except that of seaman, to which he could make no pretensions, Frederiok kmd!y made the suggestion to Captain Avery. The youth 'ielt as if he should like to have even so little estimable a memorial of the past associated with him in the long enterprise before him. ' He seems a strong-limbed fellow, a kind of laud- lubber we shall find good use for on our expedition. He may come if he likes. Can you guarantee his honesty, Frederick? If'so, I'll log him at once as steward. We want one.' \- Frederiok was silent. He knew that Rourke was strongly suspeote't of stealing iu his last employment, and tbat he was an irreclaimable drunkard. ' Well, we will make something of him, however,' said Captain Avsry, good lHHuiourodJy. ' fa wy pptaioQ tfio weret man that ever was might have been dona better with than twisting his neck with a rope, which seems to be the great '.remedy ; - our lawgivers have iound out for people of the sort.' , ' Rourke was thus permitted to stay on board the Osprey without farther question* But considering he evinced on most oc* -'-' oasions a particular dislike for the element -; on which his hard fortune only appeared t» have cast him for the means of subsistence* it was remarkable what a very little desira he manifested to go on shore. , * Even when the vessfel arrived in Ports mouth harbour; he still feigned to be ili- and kept to the berth whidh the Captain assigned him among the dailors in th& steerage, as if he felt himself too mticft indisposed to leave it. Frederick's kindness to this wretch/: in, the oondition in which he feigned to be, '. however undeserved, was not altogether unappreciated by him, ' Avery meanwhile continued to labour, under secret apprehensions that Frederick might yet be turned aside from the great enterprise he had in view, and reclaimed to the land. He set to work at victualling and furnishing his ship for her voyage with extraordinary diligence, and under pretenco of initiating the youth in the charge of the vessel, he left him on board for the first two days while be went ashore: on the necessary business connected jwith f^the arrangements for the long voyage he pro posed to take. ' Frederick himself was glad to be left for some interval of time to his own reflections. He had resolved to return Miss Sidney her notes, accompanied with a letter in which [He intended to express all the feelings of his 'heart) in bidding her adieu ipr so lon'g a period, under auapioas so1 unfavorable. J.\ He wished to express .af- once; grajsitude and humiliation 'at the generosity of her supposed gift, coupled with :at'seijteev.-*of unworthy treatment arid of unmerited de'r gradation associated in the notion that such a present could be acceptable to him. :*He desuedjo express tS her his belief thai&he; would some day understand bim in a nobler sense, without 'at' the same tirile distinctly alluding to the Madagascar expedition, which he felt conscious would seem to mdat sober- judging persons like a delusion of insanity. Finally, touched with compassion for the desolate condition of Mary Rourke, he sought to exhibit her distressing case, and her claims on the consideration of the relatives of Augustus Pophly, as delicately, and yet as warmly and earnestly as the '? could. /; ; ..-?-??-' It was not easy to unite all thesere quiaites in an appeal whicbi Frederick- also purposed should combine the deep yearning and tenderness for bis beloved one that still pervaded his whole being, with the dignity and reserve be felt due to his position. Moreover, in his capacity of representa tive of the absent captain, he was con tinually interrupted in his work, partly by Avery's contrivance, who was anxious that ha should not have much, time for reflection and regrets. ^ And thus it happened that Frederick had not been on shore at all, at Portsmouth when on the evening of the- second day of their arrival in that pork, the Osprey was hailed from a boat tbat made towards it with two seamen on board besides the rowers, as she lay quietly at her mooringa in the harbor. ? One of these persons was the Tanks© mate, Lszarus Leppard. The other, Nick Neil, the Dover fisherman's second son, who was left behind, pursuing a course of vicious dissipation in that town. It happened that Frederick was paying one of his usual kind visits to Patrick Rourke, who pretended to be laboring under a fie of ague which was probably chiefly owing to the effects of a dread of - , discovery and some awakening sentiments : -' : ?;' of remorse. \'*X'£\h ',£??'.„'???,', Frederick himself noticed something -yety^''^;^v-'^':* -''. disagreeable and sharp-twanged in the voice ' ^ .'? :£.£*£ that hailed for a rope at the moment when -'^ the boat approached with the passengers mentioned above on board. Bui he was surprised at the effect it h&d; upon 'Patrick, - Rourke. His hair ad'ually bristle'd up. ' ^ ' What's that 1 Dc n't you hear, screech* i ing in the wind, sir?' he exclaimed. - - /. 'I hear a man's voice — not a very \ delightful one certainly — what in the world ails you, Rourke ?'.said Frederick, a, good deal surprised at the; Irishman's agitation. v 'It sounds to me like tie yell of the ghost at the Black Mill,' muttered Patrick* ' You have had the good. fortune then to heap a ghost npeaki'' said Frederick, jestingly. M My good follow, torn ycus hvte just finished my letter, and I have recommended your — your children, Mary , Bourke in particular, to Miss Sidney's - . kindness, in a .manner which I am sure, i unless she is altogether changed from what I once knew her, will induce her to pay attention to their condition.' 'Have you, though, Mr. Frederick?' said Rourke, in a singular piping tone, as if he were moved almost to whimpering. ' Well, if there was any good iu the bless ing of a rogue like me, I would say, God bless you. Bat now do take my advice, yoang gentleman, and don't you go on shore anywhere till we are fairJy out at SGa. And don't be asking the reason either, but there is one, and a good one, too.' .' You don't suppose anyone would try and remove me by force from the course of life I have adopted ?' said Frederick, with a warmth. ' But I do though. I haven't told you half all yet, Mr. Frederick, but I will some day when we are out of danger of being interrupted. Maybe's I was only to try the money on you, and it that did not do both Mr. Price and Mr. Purday had made their minds to prevent you, one way or another, from throwing yourself away on the sea.' ' 1 will go ashore to-morrow and post my letter myself, and then we shall see who will dare to prevent me from follow ing my inclinations in the choice of a pro fession,)'- exclaimed Frederick. ' We ? orphans and scorned waifs of mankind have :;at least the privilege of owing no submission to a world which has conferred onus.no favors. But I must go and see what these people in the boat want ; Cap tain Avery is still on shore.' {To be continued) 