A STRANGE CLUE. Oswald declares (hat I have saved him.' I write the story of the most momentous episode in his life and mine, in order that this generouB delusion may ohce for all be correoted, and that the others, at least-for he is obstinate nwy understand how Blender and fortui tous was my share in that singular deli verance. It seems to me that my narra tive will gain in clearness and coherence if I begin with the day on which I first made Oswald Wardopr's acquaintance. . I bid arrived in town late and un attended, except by my maid. It was my expectation that upon the arrival ? platform I should find in waiting either ay ancle or Mr Hollinsworth, h's cMof clerk. But I was subjected to disap pointment. I scanned the many different groups of bystanders in vain, and was confiding to a porter information on the topic of baggage when a young man, whota 1 had observed inspecting the compartment nearer to the engine, ad vanced and lifted his hat. " Miss Craig, I believe he said. I was taken aback, for the speaker was a stranger to me, and I marvelled not only what his business might bo, but how he had obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, ?with fair curly hair, and grey-blue eyes .a frank and genial in thsir expression as the summer sunshine. I am afraid I was frigid and haughty in my affirma tive, which in turn was an interrogation. " I have come," he said, " in response to the wish of Mr GeoSrey Craig. Our principal has an engagement at this hour which he is reluctantly compelled to . fulfil; and Mr Hollins worth is unfortu nately invalided. You will permit me to see to your baggage, Miss Craig ?" . He WBB one of my uncle's staff, then -a hew-comer. " Thank you sa inacb; I shall be ex tremely obliged," I answered. My ancle's carriage was in readiness upon this point at least I need hare entertained no doabts. When seated within it, I soon learned from my com panion that his name was Oswald War dour. He was deferential, bat it was the deference of one bred to habits of cour tesy. There waB neither presumption nor servility in his manner. He was self-possessed and unasstiming. Simply a clerk ! ' It was hard to believe it. In my not very, extended travels I had met many a wealthy and titled individual who, to all outward seeming, was less deserving the title of gentleman. Even in the first hour of reunion with my dear uncle and guardian, 1 somehow found opportunity to turn the conversa tion in the direction of his messenger. He rallied me with the slightly elephan tine mirth which I knew to ba a sign of his content at my re- appearance. . ".You are as much like the daughter of Eve as when y)u teased your father to let you sit on the clockwork that moved the ship's compass 1 Ha, ha ! It was a favorite joke with FerJinaud, * poor fellow"- the laugh turned into a sigh. "And Wardour has bewildered . your girlish wits, has he ? Well, what the surface shows is neither more nor less than the fact. He looks a genlle nian, and he talks like one; and he is one. His people hare been rich in their day ; but a lawsuit has come on the heels of other disasters, and left Oswald \--their last representative-with but a barren patrimony-barren in the literal sense of the word, for it mainly consists of a few . hundred aores of miserable, half-reclaimed land somewhere in the north." I still wondered why it was tbat the young man had not preferred the open ing of a profession to the drudgery and humble status of a desk in a ship broker's office, and I made some careless remark of the kind. . A momentary shade of disapproval rested upon my ancle's countenance. By implication, though quite inadver tently, I had reflected apon his own choice of a career. " Let me tell you that, in my opinion, Wardour has acted wisely," he said. "'Mercantile pursuits are as deserving of honor and respect a3 any others, and they more frequently lead to compe tence. Wardour has gone the right way to work, in his effort to conquer fortune by the exchange of law for trade." Here, was a supplementary disclosure. The young man's ambition had at one time soared to what in my heart of hearts 1 fear I still regarded as a.higher level. With an apology, perhaps a little wanting in candor, on my part the con versation turned into another channel. This, as I hare hinted, was the com mencement of the reproduction of a story old but erer new. What woman can erer commit to cold, calloas paper the record. of her wooing, or even breathe the cherished secret into the ears of her bosom friend? I at least should find this task impossible. It is enough to state briefly that, during the engthening days of that blissful spring. Oswald and I met often, at first casually, and then by design ; that feel ings of mutual interest deepened into regard ; and, before either of us knew, it had undergone yet another and more momentous evolution, and had become -love. The awakening was brought about by circumstances which threatened to quench in miserable gloom the strug gling flame. It is necessary to explain something of the architecture ancTinterior arrange ments of the quaint, old-fashioned build ing. It is oae of the few in the city still pressing a garden-a green gem in the, grim, unsightly setting of encir cling brick and mortar. The counting house and business premises occupied an entire and commodious suite of rooms at the west earner of the edifice. They were carefully divided and made (listiuob from the still larger section of Raleigh House, which for forty ye*re had been my uncle's bachelor residence. There was a room built out from the main portion of the eastern pile, and connected by a covered passage with the conservatory, which was devoted to my own use. In it I set up my easel and gave free rein to the enthusiasm for art which my stay in Borne had quickened ; and it was the custom for Mr Qoliins worth an) Ojwald Wardour to leave the counting-house from the house-they were invariably last-aid sending in their keys by a trusted butler, a man who had been in my uncle's employ for a quarter of a century, to pass under the windows of my studio to the gate at the end of the broad path- I trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. It was excessively close for the last week of May-there was surely thunder in the air. I was tired of paiuting, and I bad retmted from the slowly slanting blaze of sunlight which had crept half way up my easel to a shady corner be hind the screen that masked the entrance to the conservatory. The steps "I knew so well soon sonnded on the asphalted path without. The window was open and I heard roices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked furtively in, and fan cied the room was vacant, whilst I smiled in my rogaish mischief at his error-a smile that quickly faded. " Yes, it is a round tiro hundred that I need, and that, by hook or by crook, I must have. Can yon accommodate me at a pinch, Hollinaworth ?" Oswald said. They had halted; and in my own despite I was forced to play the eaves dropper, to hear, with tingling cheeks, my own name brought into the discus ISIOD* "Possibly I can. Bnt you must answer a question before I give you a definite decision," said the senior clerk in smooth tones, that somehow made me shiver. "Do I argue correctly from observation in believing that you are aiming at high game, Wardeur-that you propose to win the hand of Miss Bertha Craig ?" Plainly Oswald hesitated, My poor foolish heart seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, in an outburst of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker's agitation. "You have-divined-very strangely -I regret it-my secret. I love Bertha. Yoa are the first to hear the confession." He little guessed that he had two listeners, " It will go no far ther I am convinced, from your lips, Mr Hollinsworth. What bearing has this on my request ?" The other gave a dry congh. " The fact constitutes a sort of secu rity, don't you see ?" he said. They had resumed their progress to wards the gate. I was alone in my new found joy. My heart went out yearning in a full and free response. Oswald sionld ask bat to have. Yet even at this stage there were storm clouds on the horizon. My ancle, who for so many years had stood to me in the place of both my dead parents and a mother could scarcely have been more tender, a father more patient and forbearing-would probably object, and consider himself victimised by those he had befriended. I was but a child in his eyes still, though my twentieth birthday was paesed ; and I had a conviction that he had formed quite a different plan for my future. Again, there could be no very cheerful meaning to Oswald Wardour's argent need of so consider able s sum as £200. My forebodings with respect to my uncle's opposition speedily were justified by the event. He drew me quietly one morning into the big, desolate chamber which was called a library, and so rarely used. "I have heard a whisper, Bertha, which I hope ^ has no foundation in fact," he said. " I will keep my own oounsel as to its precise terms. I have two things to say. Yonr cousin, Roger Hilton, is coming to England in" the autumn from his firm's branch at Hong kong. He will ba made a partner at Christmas. I want you to be friend!." He emphasised the word. " The other matter concerns Wardour. I would like to help him up tha ladder, bat you must not tempt him to presume. Ton and he hai better be practically strangers to one another. If there is any danger of mis take, I will at once fill Wardour's place with a substitute ; there are .plenty to be had." It was in every sense plain speaking. Twice I had attempted-in vain-to in terrupt, and when my uncle had finished he waved me sternly into silence. " Not now ; some other ; time. Bertha," he said, and was gone. Perhap3 it was well that my indig nant self-defence and championship of Oswald was ruthlessly suppressed. 1 am of an impnlsive temperate ent, as doubt less ha3 been disclosed, and might have pitifully blundered,. Bat my brain was in a whirl, and I was embittered against Mr Holiinsworth, who, beyond reason able question, had made traitorous use of the admission wrung from his too confiding colleague. This disagreeable episode was but the early muttering of the coming tempest Two days later the storm, broke in its fury. My uncle had b9en robbed. A forgery had come to light, and every atom of evidence combined to fix the guilt of the nefarious deed upon Oswald Wardour. "The chain of proof is complete and irrefragible, Bertha. I earnestly wish I could escape the conclusion to which it points," said my uncle, Bitting in his smoking-chaif and watching with a carious, troubled pity, my pale and pleading countenance. "Yon will forgive me that I have still faith in Mr Wardonr'a integrity," I said. Very strange, and far off my words sonnded in my own ears. * " Certainly. I wish I could share it. I knew Wardour's mother once; she was a noble woman, and pare as the driven snow. It was for her sake that I listened to the yonng fellow's applica tion. And the blow will kill her." ?ad I been less absorbad by the one aim which was now before me, I should hare detected in this outburst the echoes -jet reverbarating down the years-of an old romance. The interpretation was to come later. "Then at least you will refrain from pressing the prosecution ?" I said,' plucking up hope. Alas! for a girl'B ignorance! " It is the bank, not I, on whose ini tiative Wardour will be committed," my uncle answered, " and once' the charge has come under their cognisance, there is no option but to proceed. At the trial the incriminating circumstances black as (hey appear, I am constrained to admit, even to me-may be explained and W ardour may be acquitted ; bat until then-" I heard no more. They told me after wards that I had swooned. There were two dreadful appearance? in a police court, of which, like an epi cure in anguish, I studied all the detail? ia the daily journals. , I was not forbid den, for I think my uncle fancied that 30 only could my mind be effectually freed from the delnaion of Oswald \Var dour's innocence. The case was indeed dark against the prisoner, and there were momants wheD confidence reeled and I feared that I might have to drink my cup of bitter ness to the dregs, and with my own reasoning faculties acqaiesce in a verdict of condemnation. But the memory of many and many a quiet chat in which Oswald's high aspirations and upright character had stood revealed came back like a procession of mournful ghosts and reproached me with my doubts. Gathered into a narrow space, the testimony on which the charge was based waa as follows : Oswald Wardour had admitted to Mr Hollinsworth -the pressing want o! precisely the sam ob tained as the frait of the unscrupulous deceit. He had tried to borrow the amount and ultimately failed. To the trath of the greater part of this sworn evidence of the senior clerk [, too, coald hare witnessed, had the prosecution had any inkling of the circumstances; lcolcily they were in darkness. The cheque that bore the forged signature was one that had been drawn "to bearer," for Mr Craig's approval and completion, on the previous even ing; and as, contrary to expectation, my uBcle had not reappeared in the counting-honse after noon, had been left in a private letter-rack until th<> morning. But on the morrow it had mysteriously vanished-until a con fidential" warning sent to the bank had revealed that it had already baen negotiated by Oswald Wardoar. The fraud was at once detected. The prisoner's defence was declared by the newspapers to be " daring," which was their euphemism for im probable and unsatisfactory. Without equivocation, Oswald acknowledged that he had asked Mr Hollinsworth to loan him two hunired pounds for three months. He further affirmed that his senior had alternated between willing ness and unwillingness to grant his petition for momentary aid. But what was his meditated use for the money he refused to say ; and the silence was in terpreted against him. Finally-on the night in question he had casually met Qollinsworth, and had been recommended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morning at a coffee room in Canton-Btreefc. Su3p:cting no evil, he went to Torlenfci'a restaurant, and, met there a middle-aged man, with massive features, raven black hair and a hawk like nose-such was Oswald's descrip tion, and it fixed itself in my memory who said that he was a jinior partner in Wiltonwort and Company, a. new firm recently founded in the same line as the griat house of " G. Craig." He knew and respected Mr Hollins worth, and on his introduction would oblige Oswald. It was a surprise said the accused-to fiad the draft thus offered bore Mr Craig's name; but a plausible account of a business transac tion was carelessly given, and Oswald did not dream of treachery. Even when the unsigned cheque was missed, a vague sense of uneasiness was all that troubled him, until his feet were actually caught in the net. This tale pointed to a conspiraoy, of which no fragment of corroboration was forthcoming. Mr Holliasworth denied every word of it that inculpated himself, and was believed-except by one weak girl. I had never likoi this mm. although at one time or another and in divers ways I had seen mach ef him, and had been impressed by his great mercantile knowledge and his impassable demeanor. Still, my ancle had always implioitly trusted him. The case Bgainst Oswald as it stood, awaiting the last word of so-called justice, was currently held to 1)9 tested and determined by a single question : Where was the shadowy individual who played' so conspicuous a part in the prisoner's narrative? Wiltonwort and Company knew nothing of him. Let the acoused produce him, or put the police upon his track. . My uoc'e was very kind to me in thosedays. He could not help seeing tkat I was suffering, and the ciuse was not far to seek. But he refrained from harassing1 inquiries and from expostula tion. He probably reproached him&elf; for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My knowledge, of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitious; he had never told me that he loved me nor had he asked me to be his wife. " Loudon is not suiting you in these close days, Bertha," said my uucle gravely one evening, in the interval that was to precede Oswald's trial at -name of horror, and doom!-the Old. Bailey. " Suppose you run down to Edgerly's place in Warwickshire for a week or two; they'll be delighted to make you welcome." These were, the friends of my Italian pilgrimage, and I was sure that the suggestion was not broached at hap hazard. There had doubtless been a correspondence. I hesitated. Then " I! you wist it, I think I will go, uncle," I said. My preparations for.thejourney were not elaborate. Mrs Brett, the house keeper, was a person of forethought and resource, and a few hours sufficed to hare my travelling boxes isspected and packed, and my uncle saw me into a reserved first clas3 oarriage at Euston. Xhe train by. which I travelled Btopped at all the chief junctions from Willsden to its goal. It was immedi ately after pissing one of these stages that a. Beamingly trivial circumstance occurred, upon which, with a mental vision lees quickened by snfferng, I should perhaps have b3stowed no particular attention. Certain frag ments of tom paper fluttered in the breeze past my open window, an J one of them-somewhat larger than its com panions- became fixed between the mahogany slide and the blind cord. It quivered like an ensntred living thing. Suddenly I started, and a queer thought dominated my brain. The clear, fine caligraphy was wondrously like the writing of my uncle's chief clerk. I examined the scrap narrowly* and my suspicion was confirmed. The very paper had the waterline of that used in ay nncli*s office, and was of similai .exare. I read : -dour will be oon .-at number eight Toar street -letters will be sure A. whisper-which was the product, doubtless of my heated imagination, but which sounded as the voice of one even than languishing in prison-filled in the missing syllables in the first line, and I repeated mechanically. " Wardour will be convicted. lie shall not!" I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon the wiads this letter ? Could it be the trickster of Torlenti's restaurant ? This inspiration was justified by what my eyes beheld at the very next station. To scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the tmn was now my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly repaid. At Densford my glance was riveted, as if by magnetism, upon a man who answered almost exactly to the word picture given from Oswald's lips in the, columns of the Daily Sun. There were the ponderous features, the coal-black hair and the Boanty beard, the nose of distinctly Israelitish cast. I drew down my veil, and oblivions to my luggage and its fate, of every thing sare the imperative necessity of tracking the apparently unperturbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a difficult pur suit, or I might have betrayed my pur pose. My qaarry entered a third-rate inn at the bottom of the station hill; and as he was accompanied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side door of the bar, I had good ground for my hope that a stay was intended. I sought out the Densford post office, and immediately despatched a telegram to my nncle. I felt I had stumbled npon the trail of the real criminal in ibat dreadful business of the forgery; or rather I should say criminals, for as a sequel showed, the gnilt was almost equally divided. In the afternoon my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to my startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of his cogent representa tions a magisterial warrant was granted ; and, armed with this, the Deneford inspector of police arrested the man called Edgar Hollinsworth. Discomfited and demoralized by the swift suddenness of the blow, the victim threw himself on the clemency of the magistrate, in other words made full confession. It was a disclosure fall of pain for the upright merchant whose trust hai been abused. Agaia I will try to condense an intri oate narrative. James Hollinsworth, my ancle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow up in his heart a jealous hatred of Oswald Wardour. He feared that in due time Oswald might step above him into the partnership at which for so miny years he-Hollinsworth had aimed. Hollinsworth had a scape grace brother called Edgar, long ac counted dead, who had reappeared at one of these evil junctures which are the touchstones of men's characters. He had visited my ancle's clerk in the office at an hour when Oswald was away at the docks, and had tried to levy black mail. Then came the temptation, to which the elder brother had succumbed. Gould not Oswald's need of £200 be made the basis of a plot to ruin him ? James Hollinsworth told his ally what was required, and purchased at a heavy price his. assistance. How the scheme worked has already baen made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and one which did not redound to the man's credit, that, under pressure of these revelations, a waiter at Torlenti's restaurant had his memory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occur rence within his master's preoincts of the interview between E Igar Hollins worth and Oswald Wardour, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always believes that this waiter had been bribed to silence. It proved impossible to hash up the affair, and a sentence of penal servitude was passed npon both the brothers. , "And you saved me, Miss Craig," Oswald said, when, for a few precious minutes on the morning of bis release, we w*re alone. " Bat for you I might be in yonder sell yet," and he shuddered. «« Miss Craig-Bertha-ia my guess a right one-that you care-that at least you can care-for me a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life are yotirs?" Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know in what teroas he did reveal the secret; but I stand to what I have written. At least I am oorrect in reporfcingjny answ.T. "I can care-everything," I mur mured. A few months after, the one remain ing mystery was solve 1.. Coal had been discovered on Oswald's "barren acres in the north." It was for purposes of ex periments, in which he was sworn to secrecy, ^hat he had required the loan of the £200. But, even without the pros pect of this wealth, my uncle would now have withdrawn his opposition to Oswald as my suitor. " Your love, child, hai been tried in adversity ; may it be the stronger and more lasting," he said. We are gratefnl and content. 