Local and General News. Cr. Thos. Barton was unanimously elected President at the meeting of the Shire Council on Monday. last. . The councillors, officers, and members, of the press were invited by the new: President-to partake of a glass of wine with him at the Grand Hotel, when he was congratulate1d upon his attainment to the position. T; hhe healtli ofthe'.re tiring President Cr J M GreEtton was also duly honoried in omplimilent, ary terms: i The initial, experience of the "new blood" in their municipal career' iust certainly be said to have been some what .inauspicious, while the-first sit ting of our new President was any thing but a. comfortable one;'for the proceedings at the Council meeting -on Monday last were the " liveliest" ex perienced for many years. Of course a great deal more was said than we -could possibly make -room. for-and perhaps 'tis as well so. - - " The passenger fares as well as the merchandiee. rates are heing carefully: revised by the Railway Commissioner. A point to whieh he is giving special attention is whether the tourist tratfic cannot be encouraged by offering con concessions for Saturday to Monday jourriey's to such pleasure resorts as Healesville and Macdon. The matter is no doubt wort.hy of consideration, as :low fares may be the means of inducing many more city people to spend the Sunday in the country during the sum mer months. Mr. Mathieson is dis posed to recognise that some change is required to do away with the anom alous and sudden increase of fares directly the suburban radius is passed. The. present rates he considers ridicu lous, and he does not wonder that fric- p tion arises between the railway officials n and travellers through the rule against a breaking journeys in order that the a suburban fares may not be taken ad- a vantage of by'country passengers. It t is probable that some system of taper- f ing the fares at the outskirts of the suburban radius will be adopted to 0 place the scale of charges on a more ( reasonable and satisfactory basis. This is undoubtedly -the outcome of Mr. 1 Mathieson's. resent visit here and the a lucid way in 'which the matter was a placed .before him "by the gentlemen who received him. This is well indeed. I A moinument of departed glory ! Chalmers' Church, Eastern Hill, Mel bourne, is close upon a melancholy end. At the last meeting of the North Mel- t bourne Presbytery it was stated that the congregation were unable any t longer to keep up the ordinances, and it I would have to be closed. It was stated that' the send' of the present month would see the 43rd anniversary of this hietoric church, which was established in 1853 \- Dr.: Baird has :kindly supplied us lwith the -etlowiiigreturi- f 'the rain Sfall at -'Healesville : F:. :Fr --August, 3"4'15; . niakiig a total to 31st Auguist of this year of 22:355. Mr. Leslie J. Park, formerly secre tary to the Colonial Mutual Life Assur Sance Society Limited, *was, at a meet -ing of the general committee of manage ment, held recently, appointed Gen eral Manager of the society. - ' He has been acting general manager since the 1 death of Mr. T. Jaques IMartin. 1 r. t A. F. Crombie has been appointed assistant general manager and secretary \- to the Board in Melbourne. r The report from the Victorian .M'ount Morgan claim on the 22nd August is as follows:-" Sunk shaft shaft 5ft., ground sandstone, quartz, S bluestone, highly mineralised, carrying I gold.". \- There being no opposition to Mr. James Balfour, that gentleman was last week declared duly elected a mem ber of the Legislative Council for the South-Eastern Province. Nr. Balfour \- returns thanks to the electors in our s advertising columns. Mr. Thos. Harris, of the Glenfern hop gardens, Healesville, won the first prize and championship (£4 and a silver medal) at the Royal Agricultural Society's show this week for his exhi- bit of hops. This news well be heartily appreciated by Mr. Harris' many well- wishers as well as by every resident of the district, who must feel proud of the upholding of its reputation in such a meritorious way, while Mr. Harris is to he congratulated upon his skill in producing an article of commerce which can carry the prizes at the colony's great show. The second and third prizes were also secured, it is be- lieved by locally grown hops exhibited by F. Ellis and Co., of Collins Street. SThed'friends of Mr. H. Christie, r ailway :porer, hricit t`adri--to Euroa;_ will be glad to learn that be hhas got a transfer" to Yarra Glen, so .that he will again le close to the place k which:he.ahnost considers his home If IHealesville. A:.:six .nights evangelistic services Swere::held in.-the- Msthodist Church, Healesville, commencing on the 18th ult. .:The attendance on the first night r was small on account of another impor tant meeting being held on the same evening, but. an improvement was m' anifest during the other nighlts, 3 notably Friday and Monday. On t Thursday and Friday the Rev." E. j Turner; of Lilydale, gave two excellent sermons, which were much appreciated. RMessrs. -Brennan and Blanksby also r gave addresses, and the last night's \- meeting' was conducted by them. ) Although there were no professed con Sversions several confessed to having re ceived spiritual blessing, and the seed sown has no doubt in some instances i fallen oh good ground and will bear a fruit. to the glory of God in the i expdriences of professing Christians. SThe last monthly temperance meet \- ing at Dixon's Creek was well attended, Sthe Methodist Church being crowded t. and:several lhad to he content to stand Sround;;the door. The following pro r gramnme was gone through and appre ciated by the audience :-Duet, Ereline and MAiry Ann Ellis; solo, " No one cares for me," Miss Cunnington; reci tation,"!' Story of a drunkard," Master A. Goirdon; solo,'Mr. Hogga; recita tion,: !IThe inventor's wife," Miss HIowath; solo, Elthel Lyons; recita :tion, ."!Be thorough, boys," Earnest Brown. An address on the necessity of securing the young on the side of tenitperanice and.athe singing of one of Sankey's. hymns brought the meeting. tor:a lose : . -' - ; : ,:.: , . :i. .Th' Gra-d Quirterly-l Committee of the afrrYiairraDistrict M. U.I.O.O.F. C was held at-Lilydale on Tuesday last, c sa~nii:25 dele'gdtes heinb'present, includ- 1 ing ;B. WBI . Smith, P.G., of Heales- s ville:: The major portion of the busi- b ness w@as of an unimportant character, but a iit'm in the statement of receipts l ane pexinlditure,- heing a payment of a £10 to tlie Loyal Ringrwood Lodge for i, the fuieral expenses of a late brother's I deceased wife was the subject of much a heated discussion, as one of the auditors a had questioned the legality of the pay- d nient: . Eloquent speeches were made el by Dele ates Foley, P.G. of Kew Lodge, fc Flint, P.G. of Camlierwell Lodge, and F others, for and against the question; ti but eveitually the bIalance-sheet and tl report were adopted. After the busi- tl ness paper haled lien disposed of, the al menbers of the Lilrydale Lodge-.hos- pi pitablly entertaihed tlihe delegates and fC visitors, amonist which were Bro. W. Meader, P.P.G.M., Grand Master of in the obrder; who .in.replyinig to the toast in of his health talko'dcc'ision to conliratui- 0 late the District on the fact of its Prov. of C.S. (Bri Dalley), havin' been elected to tlhe horiorable office' of Mayor of the er Cityof Hawthorn. It was stated that A in all probability the Mlarch meeting tg nextyear would beheld at Realesville. C1 The concert in aid of the Mechanics' promises to.be of unusual excellence;.a number of notable professional arid amateur musicians new to Healesville audiences have proferred their services, and we trust their efforts on behalf of this deserving 'institution will be success fuil. A development which is likely,to be .c of some importance has occured at a Ghost Gully Gold Mining:Company, p Steel's Creek. A hody of decomiposed n blue slate was met with in the crosscut ii at a depth of 100 feet; it runs north p and suuth, underlying to 'the west. e Mr. Dowdell, the manager, has, had .a s parcel tested, with the result that it is estimated to contain 1 oz. gold, and 19 dwt. silver to the ton. Twelve feet a of this have been gone through without touching the hanging wall. The Cabinet on Monday dealt with f the question of building narrow gauge f railways, in accordance with the recom- c mendations of the Railway Standing e Committee. Ministers confined their t consideration to the four trial lines i which the committee suggested should f be built in districts which presented the strongest claims to a narrow gauge t railway- namely, the line through the 1 rWaiidin arid' Waruztnn disrict, there 1 is to sgay from Lilydale to Yarra-.Tune- 1 tion; :the line to serve the King River district from Wangaratta to Whitfield ; the line from Fern Tree Gully to Gem brook; and the alternative lines to serve the Beech Forest district either from Colac or from Forest. In order that'the Cabinet might have full infor mation as to which of these lines should be the first recommended to Parlia ment, it has been decided to have de tailed surveys made of each of the pro posed routes, and when the Ministery is in a position to decide which line should have priority the Minister of of Railways will bring down a motion to the Assemply that that particular line should be sent to the Railway Standing Committee for consideration. If the House agrees the motion, the reference will be a more formal compli ance with the act. The cmmittee will make a recommendation in favor of the line, and a bill sanctioning its con struction will be forthwith submitted. In view of the evidence laid before the Railway Standing Committee, and con sidering the large population that will be served, it is highly probable that the line through the Wandin and Warbur ton district will be the first recom mended for construction. 