The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, JUNE 27, 1896. In replying to a question in the House of Commons on Thursday Mr Chamberlain stated that the Government desired to divest the pro- posed inquiry into the Jameson raid on the Trans- vaal of a party character, and would consult the House on the question. Ministers entertained the hope that a unanimous agreement would be arrived at as to the form the inquiry should take. Sir William Harcourt objects to the inquiry being undertaken by a joint committee of the two Houses. The Standard says that it is expected that the Government will suggest the appointment of a Royal Commission to investigate the circumstances of the raid. The National Zeitung, of Berlin, says that if Great Britain ignores the demand for the prosecu- tion of Mr Cecil Rhodes for his share in the Transvaal raid, the declaration of the indepen- dence of the Transvaal is inevitable. It also declares that the trial of Dr Jameson in London is a farce. Portugal has sanctioned the passage of British reinforcements to Matabeleland through Beira. Osman Azruk, one of the Khalifa's com- manders, has warned the dervishes at Dongola that the Egyptians are very strong, and that their guns poured out bullets like water. The Paris correspondent of the Times states that Russia proposes the neutralisation of Egypt under the European concept. Mr. Trenwith, M.L.A., the Victorian labour leader, has had a successful operation performed on one of his eyes. Captain Henry Bremner, of the 20th Hussars, has been killed in a skirmish with the Matabele. It is stated that the Matabele rebels mutilate women who fall into their hands in such a shock- ing manner that some prefer to commit suicide to being captured. Mr. H. M. Stanley, M.P., the famous African explorer, is dangerously ill. Latest advices from Japan state that 27,000 persons lost their lives and 8000 were injured by the recent tidal wave which swept over the northern province of that country. Mr A. Chapple, of Adelaide, has gained a scholarship at Cambridge University for medi- cine. Its value is £50 per annum. At the match between Notts and the Australian Eleven, which was commenced on Wednesday, the Home team was disposed of for 269 runs. The Australians commenced their first innings, but had not scored when stumps were drawn. France is parleying with Turkey, her object being to secure the oasis of Ghadamas, in Tripoli. This action on the part of France has alarmed the Italian Government. Mr. Kingston, Premier of South Australia, who is on a visit to Melbourne, yesterday had an interview with the Victorian Premier Mr. Turner, on the subject of the prospects of federation and the action of the Queensland Government in de- parting from the understanding arrived at con- cerning the mode of appointment of delegates to the Federal Convention. It is understood that upon Mr Kingston's return to Adelaide he will wire to the Premier of Queensland urging him to adhere to the under- standing that the delegates should be elected by the people. Satisfaction was expressed at the fact that the Federal Enabling Bill was to be submitted to the Western Australian Parliament. The subject of the appointment of an Australian Judge to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was touched on. Mr Kingston strongly urging the claims of Chief Justice Way, of South Australia to the position. Details of the proposals for the protection of producers in London in connection with the Aus- tralian frozen meat trade will be found in another column. A meeting of women, over which Lady Hamp- den presided was held in the vestibule of the Town Hall yesterday to form a national council of women. The objects of such an organisation were ex- plained at length by Miss Windeyer, after which a proposition to form the council was unani- mously carried, and the officers were elected, Lady Hampden being chosen as president. Several societies were announced as having sig- nified their intention of becoming affiliated with the council. On Thursday evening the Redfern Municipal Council adopted a mayoral minute for the re- organisation of the staff by which an annual saving of about £432 was effected. A conference of delegates from the various Stock Boards in the country is to be held in Sydney on 6th July, with the object of forming an amalgamation of all the Stock Boards in the colony. At the Protestant Hall last night the annual public meeting in connection with the Women's Crusade was held under the presidency of Mr. G. L. Ardill. The meeting was very successful. A recommendation has been forwarded from the Cabinet to the Governor in favour of the release of the Mount Rennie prisoners. The business done in the Stock and Share market yesterday had a decreasing tendency in view of the close of the half-year. Nevertheless buying orders in hand were in excess of the sup- ply of stock under offer and quotations were, therefore, generally strong. A rather quiet tone prevailed in the Import market yesterday, and there were no striking features in regard either to prices or parcels changing hands. At Darling Harbour yesterday, 89 bales of wool were manifested. Ten bales arrived coast- wise. Although there was a fair amount of business transacted yesterday in the Mining market, there were no noteworthy changes. Broken Hill silver stocks closed with a slightly-improved tone but gold was quiet. The Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £4542. The reports written by the examiners on the results of the last Matriculation examination held in Melbourne have just been published. Were we to accept them too seriously the inference would be that in the sister colony there is little secondary education worthy of the name, and that the masters of the secondary schools are conspicuously unfit to teach. It would almost seem that the worst thing a proud father and a loving mother can do is to send their children to the schools which prepare candidates for the Matricu- lation examination. For a number of reasons, the first place among the grumblers may be given to the Professor of Music. Of the candidates who pre- sented themselves in this department for the honours examination there were only two who succeeded in getting a modest "pass". The others withered into that obscurity which is described in University circles by the word " plucked. " But the examiner adds bitter words to the hard fact. " The teaching of music," he says, " is conducted on wrong and even rotten principles, and that the money spent upon it by the parents is worse than wasted." The Victorian parent, of course, may lay the flattering unction to his soul that music is a sort of outside subject. But as soon as he has freed himself from this alarm he is beset and waylaid by examiners who tell a similar tale. Thus Professor TUCKER reports of the examination in Greek that most of the candidates had "failed to acquire any reasonable com- mand of the elementary grammar." This is a subject, however, that has less popu- larity in Australia than it deserves; and the obdurate Victorian parent may still look on with complacency. We pass accordingly to the story as it is unfolded by Professor ELKINGTON. In this depart- ment a few instances are given. We are told that "at Argincourt the English lost only 30 ships, and the French lost 10,000." Such an interesting statement, although it is a little inaccurate, might be pardoned on the ground that the can- didate, like the present British Govern- ment, had concentrated his thoughts especially on the British Navy. For the honours candidate who carefully wrote "submition" there can be no excuse. As for the un- fortunte who talked about the "Presbiterians," we can only hope that he has not fallen under the ban of the Church authorities, in addition to losing the honours which he coveted. But, how ever much we may condemn historical confusion and faulty spelling, the worst has not yet been told. It is reported that "the papers in arithmetic were on the whole very bad," and that a number of candidates were only saved by what ap- pears to have been the misplaced "leniency of the second examiner." To the Victorian parent who visits the Exchanges and the Flemington race- course the report must be crushing. "Arithmetic is not taught in the Public schools of Victoria," says this exacting examiner, "as if it had any educational value, but in order to enable the candidates to scrape through an examination." The subject is apparently treated, as it were, on the same level as the riddles which appear in certain newspapers. Addition seems to be taught in such a curious way that it can only be used for examina- tion purposes, and not in the actual business transactions of the world. This brings us at once to the reflection thal the reports are somewhat too condemnatory. It may be a good thing that the schoolmaster should occasionally be scolded, that now and then the cane should be laid upon himself. Like all men who occupy a pub- lic position, he is liable the plainest public criticism. In the long run the cause of education will gain by discussion, and the teaching profession will naturally be improved and benefited by the process. At the same time there is another side to the picture which the learned professors of Melbourne have drawn. We leave out of account the fact that some of the candi- dates may have gone up for examination against the wishes of their teachers, who expected that they would fail. Let us take such an assertion as the remark that the teaching or arithmetic the schools has no educational value. Every one knows that in this subject a certain amount of drudgery is required. What- ever the final benefit may be, certain figures and rules must be impressed upon the memory without the slightest regard to the use that may be made of them. They may make the candidate in after years in opulent investor, or they may pave his way to gaol as the director of a bogus bank. The teaching of arithmetic has nothing to do with the final result in the life of each and every individual. It is simply a necessity of a civilised com- munity that it should be taught in some fashion. The training may be imperfect, and susceptible of improvement. But the boy who has learnt arithmetic, even if it be only for purposes of examination, is in an infinitely better position when he steps forth into the world than the boy who knows nothing about it. The adaptation, the use, of his knowledge comes from experience, which is more potent even than examination papers. This is really the question that concerns the public. Although the training may probably be amended, it cannot be altogether faulty; for the simple reason that the present teaching of arithmetic is admitted every- where to be of practical use in the later life of the pupil. The same reasoning will apply to the other complaints. It is a pity, for instance, that any educated person should make mistakes in spelling. At the same time, there have been authors whose orthography was by no means as accurate as their thought. The youth who occasionally misspells a word is clearly more advanced than one who is not able to spell at all. If he has learnt enough to appreciate the spirit of litera- ture, and to understand the true meaning and purport of what he reads, a mere mistake in spelling is of comparatively little consequence. We do not say for a moment that spelling may be neglected. On the contrary, the writer who knows the value of the words that he uses generally knows also the letters which compose them. Accuracy in spelling is an aid to correctness in diction. But when examiners dwell upon a few mis- takes and hold them up to the ridicule of the public, we are bound to point out that much useful work is done by the schools, and that it is even to spell badly than not to spell at all. There is, doubtless, ample scope, and the best teachers will be ready to admit the fact, for reform in the methods of secondary education. But in Melbourne the system which the University recog- nises may be partly to blame for the faults of which the University examiners complain. When an educational standard is ostentatiously put before the public and when the intellectual capacity of the young people is judged by their ability to pass it, there can only be one result. The teachers will prepare their pupils for this standard; and even when they hestitate the parents will insist that their sons and daughters must make the attempt. And wherever and whenever a system of examinations exists, candidates will pre- pare specially for them. It is easy to say that much of their work may not be use- ful, and may be inaccurate. But the one aim which is useful to the candidate at the time is to pass the examination, and it my fairly be assumed that he will try to make his knowledge as accurate as pos- sible. This is one of the incidents of education from England to China. An examination paper may not be the best means of gauging a pupil's acquirements. The real test, as a matter of fact, is that sterner ordeal in the world which the great majority of the human race, whether learned or illiterate, have to undergo. But, in the meantime, nothing better is suggested by the critics of the present educational system. They write reports, but they propose no new method; they find fault, but they fail to show in what way the faults may be prevented; they blame vehemently, but they have no new ideas to put before the public. If a better way can be found, there are main people, not too much enamoured of the present educational system, who would be glad to follow it. But, after all is said, the existing method seems to be the only one that is possible and prac- ticable. The Rugby Union this week dealt with charges against a football club, arising out of a rough game played a few weeks ago. It is not necessary to go into the case further than to say that according to the reports unsportsmanlike behaviour was shown, and that the referee was assailed and had to threaten the crowd of players and barrackers to secure his retreat, after he had been hustled, pelted with mud, and coarsely vituperated. The governing body of Rugby football inquired into the case, and in hearing evidence was told that the captain of the club not in fault was intimidated from giving evidence. That was in its way a conclusive piece of testimony. The Union struck the club off its roll and disqualified all but three of the players who had disputed the referee's orders and assailed him. It will be in- teresting to see how the Victorian body will deal with a case even more flagrant, which took place last Saturday at North Richmond. On this occasion the umpire was badly hurt, the players had a free fight, while the police had to clear the ground of the foul-mouthed roughs who rushed the field. Significant as such occurrences are, they would lose most of their importance if they stood alone. Unfortunately this is not the case. Interference, more or less serious, with the officials of the game is now frequent. When a referee of an umpire gives some decision which is unsatisfactory, the side that considers itself aggrieved is at either to disobey or revenge itself by rough play. In this it is supported by its barrackers, who often urge the players on beforehand to "lay out" some doughty player of the other side. This conduct leads to retaliation, and by the end of the game players and spectators are would up to a pitch of excitement when they lose control of their words and acts. From indigna- tion at a referee's order to violence directed against the official seems a long step to people in a reasonable frame of mind, but it it is a very short one on the ground. Part also of this now spirit in football is the growing roughness of play. The season has not long been begun, but it would be possible to make rather a formidable list of injuries sustained at football. It is not inferred that these occurrences, or most of them are due to ill-temper and brutality. Still it is to be feared that smarting under a referee's warnings, and aggravated by the yells of barrackers, some teams make the play rougher than it need be, and somebody has to suffer. In all this, as a tendency and as an existing state of things, admirers of foot- ball must see danger. A properly con- tested game is no child's play, but neither is it a free fight. It ought to be a magnificent winter sport for healthy and active men, when skill, courage, strength and discipline should combine under a spirit of fair play. Accidents will happen, but they ought to be only such as cannot be avoided. Few would wish to see the game so hedged round with precautions and so over- governed that into it "no accident, no mishap, could possible find its way." Football is for the winter months the Saturday afternoon recreation of thou- sands of players and many thousands more spectators. A fast game is full of exhilaration in its display of high spirit and robust manliness. If the national love of outdoor sports is sound, then football justifies itself by the call it makes on the endurance, stamina, and self control of its players, and rewards them by increased health and vigour. It has its victims, but they are not out of proportion to the numbers engaged in every week. No other pastime on which so small a money stake is contingent could draw thousands of players and lookers-on to the fields in the short cold afternoons of winter, and these people count themselves rewarded by the brilliant individual play, the un- selfish and disciplined work of the ordinary men, the runs, the passing, the rallies, and the occasional scrums, all the incident anti the dash that make this game as thrilling for the spectator as it is full of zest for the player. Such is football as exhibited by first- class men. What admirers of the game desire is to see that standard prevailing all round. Every man who plays with skill, patience, and unselfishness is a strength to his club, and every club that has a majority of such men is the strength to football. On the other hand, it is evident that the man whose idea of football is ferocity, selfishness, and brute force at all points, who repudiates discipline in his team and to the ground officials, who can be goaded on by the clamour of his barrackers to mere ruffianism, has no business on any field. He is an enemy of football. The club made up of such players may win a few victories, but it will eventually find itself under the whip of the Union, or else sent the Coventry by decent clubs. But if the judicious severity of the governing body or the force if opinion among players does not check the growth of violence, then the deterioration of football is inevitable. The referees and the umpires are appointed in the interest both of players and of the game. Without them, the bully and the barracker might as well be left in possession of the field. Com- petent men, that is men who know the game, and fearless enough to exact obedience to their orders, will not act if they need revolvers or police protection from organised violence. There will cease to be any voluntary supervision, and the game will descend speedily to the level of a nuisance, which the police will be em- ployed to watch and to regulate by fear of arrest an imprisonment. It therefore behoves all who admire the great winter game, whether they are players, ex- players, or spectators, to come to the rescue. The first thing is to support the governing body in all reasonable measures for enforcing discipline and securing re- spect for its officers and the law, both the law of the game and the law of the land. Even some degree of harshness is not amiss in confronting the first out- breaks of a spirit which if let alone will surely injure the future of football. Next it is necessary for clubs to either get rid of undesirable mem- bers or bring them under control. A ruffianly player may be thought an acquisition, but he is in reality the worst enemy a club can admit. Then it would be well if the police and the clubs gave some attention to the "barrackers." These fellows, with their volleys of abuse, their ready recourse to mob methods, from showers of mud to hustling referees and opponents, need checking. People who attend cricket matches, bicycle carnivals, horseraces, or athletic sports do not think it necessary to encourage their favourites an to discourage the others by scenes worthy of pandemonium. Perhaps the youthful- ness of many ardent followers of football leads to much of this exuberance; but exuberance that is expressed in vile language and behaviour ought to lead to summary punishment. The removal of "Druriolanus" HARRIS, while it closes another chapter in the long story of "Old Drury," reminds us of the extraordinary part the King's Playhouse as the national theatre was anciently called, has borne in the literature and drama of the nation, and in the lives of successive generations of players and of "the town." It is well over two hundred years since TOM KILLI- GREW and his company of the King's Ser- vants in their royal liveries of scarlet cloth and silver lace first took possession of their house in Drury Lane; and though "Drury's lofty glory" has been brought low more than once since then, and the actual situation of the original playhouse is not covered by the present building, the traditions of the theatre and its neighbourhood have been continu- ous since SAMUEL PEPYS and his wife once kissed that "might pretty soul" NELL GWYNNE, in the greenroom, or the echoes were awakened by "hoarse FITZGERALD" bawling his creaking couplets in a tavern hall near by. Names and scenes and old traditions of Grub street and the stage crowd upon the mind at the mention of the familiar name — for was it not round "old Drury" that most of these grew up or became associated? Between this and the sister playhouse there seems to have occurred something like two-thirds of the incidents that old gossip- writers thought worth recording. Here SEDLEY and SACKVILLE fought the watch, and hereabouts were the taverns where GARRICK met that Dr. HILL whom he impaled in the neat epigram in which the public was informed that "his farces are physic, his physic a farce is." It was from a lodging-house in the neighbourhood that the glorified orange-girl whose name occurs so often in PEPYS, looked out one morn- ing on the diarist and charmed him at sight. It was behind the scenes of the original Drury that PEPYS was taken one day to see "the inside of the state and all the tiring rooms and machines;" and it is in connection with this visit that he presents posterity with the naive reflection on theatrical bedazzlements, that "to think how fine they show on the stage by candle-light and how poor things they are to look at near at hand, is not pleasant at all." Here the great kings of comedy and queens of tragedy trod the boards, making their triumphant first appearances or taking their not less brilliant farewell: and here for the first time were produced some of the finest dramatic classics of the language. The history of Drury Lane and the sister playhouse at Covent Garden is the history of the British theatre Stage art and dramatic composition may both be said to have developed and grown up together on this classic soil, and the long list of players at Drury Lane alone, whose names have become famous in the annals of the stage, constitute the theatre's best title to fame. It was here that GARRICK reformed the production of the drama, suggesting by his innovations that well-known remark of an older player, "If the young fellow is right we are all in the wrong." It was here that he purified the text of SHAKESPHEARE from the corruptions of CIBBER and others by intro- ducing what his critics called the "strange language" of the original. It was only through the accident of a difference with GARRICK that GOLDSMITH missed the gratification of seeing his fine comedy "She Stoops to Conquer" staged at Drury Lane — instead of wandering about the park in that plum-coloured coat one memorable night, waiting to hear of the fortunes of his piece, while good old SAMUEL JOHNSON publicly cheered it on to success from a side box in Covent Garden. and was it not when GARRICK'S death reminded "the town" of what they and their favourite theatre had lost, that the same great-hearted lexico- grapher announced in his rounded phrase and oracular way that the event had "eclipsed the gaiety of the nation, and impoverished the public stock of harmless pleasure!" The lack of poor GOLDSMITH in connection with his famous comedy — "Take the play, and make the best of it," he wrote to COLEMAN — recalls whole chap- ters of reminiscence of Grub-street and its associations, and of those variously-gifted creatures who peopled that strange under-world — from the genius who in his garret wrote comedies destined to delight successive generations, to those waifs and wastrels once apostrophised at —— the bailiff-haunted throng, Who reproduce in rags the rags ye blot in song! Those were the days when the prizes of literature and the drama were as dif- ferent from what they are now as the theatre itself was from that of to- day. In earlier times the playhouse was dimly lit by candlelight, the stage ran far out into the pit, and gallants with their flowered vesta an tinkling swords occupied seats on the boards and openly expressed their aversions of applauded their favourites when they were not raiding the greenroom or other- wise indulging the high spirits peculiar to the macaronis of "the town." If "old Drury" has been destroyed by fire it has also had its fame increased by the same agency. Much as SHERIDAN thought that a man might surely warm himself at his own fireside when Covent Garden was burning, so the management of Drury Lane thought that the incident of the destruction and reopening of that theatre might be made an occasion of public display. For that, literature is indebted to the inimitable parodies contained in the "Rejected Addresses." BYRON'S name associates itself with the fortunes of the old playhouse from the circumstances of his having written the real address, though, as he said at the time, he had such trouble in keeping the Phœnix out of his com- position. If "She Stoops to Conquer" went to Covent Garden, "The School for Scandal" is one of the glories of Drury Lane, with many other record of plays and players. Among these the name of KEAN is as inseparable from Drury as that of GARRICK himself,and it is one of the traditions of the vicissitudes of the life of a player how KEAN left his mean lodging in Cecil-street in a mood to commit suicide in despair, just before he achieved that glorious triumph as Shylock in Drury Lane one night in January of 1814. Endless are the stories and inexhaustble the reminis- cences that have crowded round the old walls and this ghost-haunted neighbour- hood, which has been through so many changing years the playground of the centre of the British people. The character of the national playhouse changes, of course, to suit the tastes and times, but tradition still accords it the pride of place in the time of "Druid- lanus " HARRIS it held its own as the home of splendid spectacles and dazzling pantomines which might have galvanised the remains of Manager RICH with astonishment, and in the staging of melodrama the late manager continued the tradition of the grand manager and the imposing scale. Now that his chapter is closed it is only in the natural order of things that such an incident should revive for a moment the glories of the place where he reigned with such popular approval, and the recollection of the famous men and beau- tiful women — those "poor players" of the past — who came and went like shadows on the boards of "old Drury," to strut and fret their mimic hour upon that time-honoured stage. NEW MACHINERY FOR "THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD." — In consequence of the greatly increased demand for this journal since its reduction in price, there years ago, to one penny per copy, and its still rapidly increasing circulation, the proprietors have found it necessary to obtain additional machinery. New steam engines of modern type and greater power have recently replaced the old, and a third Double Supplement Printing and Folding Press by Messrs. Hoe and Co. will shortly be erected. Each of these double supplement machines will print and fold 3, 10 or 12 page S.M. Heralds at the rate of 400 per minute, their total capacity being equal to 72,000 completed and folded copies per hour. LETTERS FROM ABROAD .— Our correspondent in his letter "Home Topics and Events " speaking of the accomplishment of the formation of the long-talked-of Radical party in the House of Commons, says its two great points are the abolition of the House of Lords and the principle of "Home Rule all round." Over the education question a quarrel has arisen between the Irish party and their Nonconformist allies. In Paris the latest craze among fashionable ladies is hospital nursing. Another event in the French capital is the formation of a league the main object of which is said to be to stamp out Anglicisms from the French language. Mr. Henry Lucy, in his letter this week writes of the English political situation and how strongly it is being affected by the education question, the strange invasion of Westminster by a section of political ladies, and a petition with a monster roll of signatures in favour of women suffrage, and the curious history of a massive chair among the late Colonel North's most treasured possessions at Avery Hill. In a "Lady's London Letter" will be found an interesting accounting of social and other events in the metropolis. In our American Letter the troubled political situation is discussed, and refer- ence made to Major McKinley and his chances in the coming election. VICE-REGAL NEWS.— This evening a party from Government House will be present at the compli- mentary concert to Mr Auguste Wiegand, the city organist. On Monday his Excellency the Governor is going to pay a visit of inspection to the Sydney School of Arts at 11 o'clock in the morning. He will be received by the president and committee. The president will read an address setting forth the progress of the institution, and it is expected that the Governor will make a brief reply, and afterwards be shown over the various rooms. On Tuesday the vice-regal party will be present at the Tempe ball, and on Thursday there is to be a dinner at Government House. On Fri- day, 3rd July, his Excellency the Governor, Lady Hampden, and suite, will leave Sydney on a visit to Melbourne THE MOUNT RENNIE PRISONERS:—As the result of the special meeting of the Cabinet held on Thursday, a recommendation has been forwarded to the Governor in favour of the release of the Mount Rennie prisoners. after they have served a sentence of 10 years. As the sentence in their case dated from the day of conviction, the 26th November, 1886, they will be released on the 26th November next. It will be remembered that William Hill, George Duffy, William Newman. Michael Donnellan, Thomas Oscroft, Joseph Mar- tin, William Boyce, Hugh Miller, Robert George Read, George Keegan, and Michael Mangan were tried before Mr. Justice Windeyer, at the Central Criminal Court, on 22nd November, 1886, on a charge of having on the 9th September, 1886, committed an outrage on Mary Jane Hicks. The trial lasted till the 26th November, when the jury acquitted Michael Mangan and Thomas Oscroft. The other nine prisoners were found guilty and sentenced to death, the jury making a recommendation to mercy on account of their youth. On the 15th December a deputation waited on the Governor asking for a commutation of the death sentence, and on the 16th December the Executive decided that Hill, Duffy, Newman, Martin, Boyce and Read should be hanged, and that the death sentence on Donnellan, Miller, and Keegan should be commuted to im- prisonment for life, the first three years to be spent in irons. The affair gave rise to much public agitation, and partly as the result of this, Hill and Newman were reprieved on the 6th January, 1887, the day before the execution, their sentences being commuted to imprisonment for life, the first three years to be spent in irons. The other four prisoners, Duffy, Boyce, Martin and Read, were hanged on the 7th January 1887. The prisoners to be released on the 26th November next are Donnellan and Newman, who are con- fined in Darlinghurst gaol, Hill, who is in the Maitland gaol, and Miller and Keegan, who are at Parramatta. COAL CARGOES FIRING COMMISSION.— The Premier states that arrangements are being made for pro- fessor Threlfall, of the Sydney University, to act as president of the Royal Commission to enquire into the causes and means of preventing the firing of and explosions in coal cargoes. Mr. Pitman, the Government geologist, is to be the other member of the commission. As it will be a purely scientific enquiry the Government does not con- sider it necessary to appoint more than two members. There was some talk of appointing a business man as a third commissioner, but the Premier says that the commission will be able to obtain evidence from business men by summonsing them as witnesses. APPEALS TO THE PUBLIC SERVICE BOARD.— The following regulation, made by the Public Service Board under the provisions of the Public Service Act of 1895, having been approved by his Excel- ency the Governor, with the advice of the Exe- cutive Council, is published for general informa- tion:— "Whereas by the Public Service Act of 1895 the Public Service Board is authorised and empowered to make, repeal, alter, and amend regulations: now, the Public Service Board under and by virtue of the powers contained in the abovementioned Act, both, with the approval of the Governor, hereby make the amended regu- lation following, that is to say:— Any officer availing himself of the right of appeal allowed by the Act shall, within the period of 30 days therin limited, forward to the Board, through the perma- ment head, a written notice of appeal, setting out shortly and clearly the grounds of his dissatisfac- tion with the grade or classification assigned to him. The permanent head shall, within seven days from the date upon which he shall have re- ceived the notice aforesaid, transmit the same to the Board with such observations as he may con- sider the case demands." RAILWAY BY-LAW.— In the Gazette issued yes- terday the following by-law is published:— Rates for wind manufactured in the colony: Wine manufactured in the colony, carried from stations south of Junee, including Corowa Branch, to Darling Harbour, in quantities of not less than two tons, to be charged "A" rates plus 20 per cent., maximum rate £1 15s per ton, unless it is cheaper to charge as for a five tone truckload at "A" rates. Rates for single packages from stations south of Junee to stations on the South- western and Jerilderie lines: the rate for the carriage of a single packages set forth on page 36 of the Merchandise and Live Stock Rates Book, approved by the Governor-in-council on the 31st day of March, 1896, will apply to this class of traffic sent from stations south of Junee, including the Corowa Branch, to Old Junee, Hay, Jerilderie, and intermediate stations. PROPOSED IMPROVEMENT OF COOK'S RIVER.— The Public Works Committee further considered the proposed improvement of Cook's River yester- day. Mr. T. T. Ewing, M .L. A., presided. Dr. J. Ashburton Thompson, deputy medical adviser to the Government, gave evidence as to the sanitary state of the river. He said that when he visited the locality in 1888 the whole of the surroundings were in a primitive state as far as the discharge of sewage was concerned. He had not subjected the sewage matter to an analysis. There was danger to the public health on account of the dwellings in the locality being surrounded by flood-water. The Government had never asked him to report on the locality, but he had made departmental reports. In a statement to the Board of Health he had pointed out that the matter was one which required a great deal of work being carried out, as the trouble arose from the flood-waters. Mr. J. M Small, Engineer-in- chief of the Board of Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage , was also examined with regard to the best means to be adopted for remedying the flooded state of the locality. HOMESTEAD SELECTION AREAS.— Recently the Minister for Lands set apart two areas on Pullan- ming Holding, near the village of Curlewis, in the Gunnedah Land District, for homestead selec- tion; one to become available on the 2nd and the other on the 23rd July next. These areas com- prise 10,263 acres of land of first-class quality, and have naturally attracted the attention of a large number of intending settlers. In view of the in- convenience that would result if an applicant who was unsuccessful in securing a block on the 2nd July had to make a second journey to the Crown Lands Office on the 23rd, the Minister has decided in the interests of intending applicants to postpone the date of the first area to the 23rd July, so that both areas may become available on the same date. IMPORTANT WARNING TO VINEGROWERS.— Vine- growers are specially cautioned against the danger of spreading phylloxera by planting vine- cuttings grown in the countries of Cumberland and Camden, unless disinfected by immersing them for 20 minutes in a solution containing 1lb. of sulphate of potash to every 20 gallons of water, the mixture to be made is an earthernware or wooden vessel. The Department of Agriculture in issuing this warning states that the above will not injure the cuttings, and will effectually re- move the danger of infection. The removal of rooted vines from Cumberland and Camden is pro- hibited, unless the same be specially sanctioned by an inspector. MAIL STEAMERS.— The Gera, in the North German Lloyd line, passed Gabo yesterday at 3 pm from Bremen and is due here to-day. Yester- day the Armand Behic, from Marseilles, arrived with 73 passengers. The steamer berthed at the quay and is to sail for Noumea. Her Sydney list of passengers includes Madame Kellermann, Mr. and Mrs Montague, Mr. Fladelle, Mr Weinnoltt, Mr Brial, Mr and Mrs Varley, and several wool-buyers. For Noumea there is a large party of military officers. THE ADELAIDE STEAMSHIP COMPANY.— This company now has in the coastal trade about the largest fleet of vessels sailing under any Austra- lian house flag, and this was yesterday further increased by the arrival of the steamship Indianapolis In order to meet the demand for passenger and cargo business, Mr. G.S. Yuill, on behalf of the company, secured this steamer, a vessel of 2500 tons, and nicely fitted up for pas- sengers. The steamer was built only five years ago by the Naval Construction and Armamenta Company, of Barrow, and is a vessel of 2500 horse-power, capable of steaming 14 knots per hour. FIJIAN SUGAR AND TOBACCO.— The Taviuni, last night arrived here from Fiji, brought some 4 or 5 tons of tobacco. It is what is known as "wrapper" tobacco, the material used chiefly for the outside finishing of cigars. The steamer Fiona took the first shipment of sugar to Auck- land from Fiji last monh. ARRIVAL OF A SHIPWRECKED CREW.— Among the passengers by the Taviuni, which last night arrived in Watson's Bay from Fiji, are 14 of the crew of the Liverpool ship, Scottish Dales. The vessel, on a voyage from Tacorna, Puget Sound, to Port Pirie, timber-laden, was wrecked on Tuesday, the 16th June, on Vunata- ratoa Reef distant three miles S. S. W. of Turtle Island, in latitude 19.53 S. and 178.15 W. the south-easternmost island in the Fiji Group, and 220 miles from Suva. No lives were lost in the wreck. AN ACTION FOR ALLEGED LIBEL.— On Thurs- day an action was commenced in the No. 2 Jury Court, in which the plaintiff, Dr. Prangley, of Katoomba, sued the proprietors of the Melbourne Argus to recover compensation for a libel which, he asserted had been printed by the defendants in their journal of the 15th October last. It appears that on the date named a telegram was published in the Argus stating that plaintiff had been horsewhipped in one of the streets of Katoomba, and that he retaliated by thrashing his opponent with a walking- stick; and he com- plained that the facts set out were not true, because though he was assaulted, he did not return the blows, but merely called for assistance until his assailant was arrested. In his declaration he set out that the statement in the defendants' paper involved the inference that he had been guilty of degrading and disgraceful conduct in public, and that his character had been injured thereby. Damages were laid at £5000. When the hearing of the case was resumed yesterday counsel for the plaintiff failed to prove that the defendants named in the writ were the proprietors of the Argus, and he therefore accepted a nonsuit on the under- standing that proceedings would be stayed until the end of next Term, in order that the plaintiff might appeal against the ruling of the Judge in rejecting the evidence tendered on the point. THE JURY CAUSES.— Although two part heard cases are to be continued next week, the regular sittings for the hearing of causes causes came to an end yesterday, and over 20 remanets go over to the August-September sittings. This result has to some extent been brought about by the extension of the terms sittings for a week, but several heavy cases also rendered the postponement of a number of actions inevitable. The progress made in two of the Jury Courts was very satisfactory not- withstanding that in one of them nearly a week was monopolised by three slander cases. In re- gard to these Mr. Justice Stephen last week re- marked that he wished the Judges had power to prevent actions of the sort being brought in the Supreme Court. They should have been tried in the District Court, and he could not understand why the attorneys had brought them in the higher jurisdiction, where so many suitors were anxiously waiting for their suits to be heard. His Honor added that in two of these slander actions verdicts with one farthing damages had been given, and in the third £5 was awarded, and no application had been made by the plaintiffs for a certifiate for costs. THE UNIVERSITY SENATE.— We understand that it is the wish of a considerable number of members of Convocation that Professor MacCallum should allow himself to be nominated for a seat upon the University female at the next vacancy that occurs. A committee consisting of representative graduates in the faculties of Art Medicine Science, and Law has been formed to place before Professor MacCallum the wishes of the members of Convocation. RESIGNATION OF ALDERMAN G .W. LANDERS.— At Thursday night's meeting of the Redfern Council, a letter was read from Alerman G. W. Lander, resigning his office as alderman for the Gol- den Grove Ward, which position he had held with- out intermission for 14½ years, and a seat as munici- pal representative upon the Water and Sewerage Board for six years, his reason being that he had accepted a position under the Water and Sewer- age Board. The Mayor (Alderman Parkes) and Aldermen Berry, Crowe, Howe, and Roche, re- ferred in highly eulogistic terms to the retiring alderman, and it was unanimously resolved that a letter of regret under the corporate seal be sent to Alderman Lander. RABBITS IN THE WAGGA LAND DISTRICT.— The rabbit inspector at Wagga reports to the Lands Department that during the month of May last he travelled over about 485 miles in the land dis- trict of Wagga, chiefly in the southern and south western parts. He saw a good many rabbits in almost every part of the district where his duties for the month brought him, but particularly towards the western portion, and he met with traces of rabbits still more frequently. He says: "No general system is being pursued with a view of checking the inroads of the pest of or exter- minating it." A LECTURE TO THE DEAF.— On Thursday evening a lecture was given to the adult deaf in connection with the Institution for the Deaf and Dumb, and the Blind Mtual Im- provement Society by Dr. J. W. Watson, on the subject of "Food and its Relation to Health. " The lecture which seemed to be much appreciated, both by the adult deaf and others, as also by the blind was interpreted by the superintendent of the institution, and at its close a cordial vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer by Messrs. Booth and Molloy, both of whom are deaf. THE A.M.P. SOCIETY.— The bonus certificates for the year 1895 will this morning be in the hands of the members of the A.M.P. Society throughout the Australian colonies, the issue being a little earlier than last year. The total certificates issued number 122,945, representing a cash dis- tribution of £432,522, or reversionary additions to existing policies of about £860,000. THE BRISBANE-STREET RAGGED SCHOOL.— Yester- day afternoon the prizes presented to the suc- cessful pupils of the Brisbane-street Ragged School, by Mrs. H.C. Dangar, Mrs. C. Smith, Mrs. T. Charlton, and others were distributed. There were present, in addition to about 40 of the children, the Rev. J. G. Hargrave (who occupied the chair), the Revs. R. S. Paterson, S. Wilkinson, J .G. Southby, James Buchan, Messrs. T. P. Reeve and Cooper, Mrs. H .C. Dangar, Mrs. C. Smith, and Mrs. T. Charlton. The children went through a pro- gramme of recitations and songs, and then the prizes were presented, the principal gifts being a suit of clothes to the best boy, and a dress to the girl who was best in Scripture. RETURN OF MR. AND MRS. R. R. TERRY.— Opportunity was taken on June 23 by the residents of Ryde and the neighbourhood to welcome home after a long tour Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Terry. In spite of the unpropitious weather the affair was very successful. Alder- man E. Terry was in the chair. Mrs. Darvall, at the request of Mr. G. H. Hunt, presented the the guests of the evening a beautiful address from the teachers and pupils of the Ryde Syperior Public school. The address was executed by Mrs. Hunt, and the taste and the skill shown in the elaborate ornamentation, and the various drawings of local places of interest, were much admired. Mr. Terry acknowledged the presentation cordially. NEW MUSIC.— Messrs. W. H. Paling and Co. forward two new pieces by Signor Lardelli (pub- lished by Edwin Ashdown, Limited), who is evi- dently getting on well in London. His "Rigau- don" (dedicated to Miss Lottie Hyam) is a well- written piece, demanding a firm touch and classic style, when it makes a good salon morceau. The running accompaniment in the bass is a fascinating point in the new "Rigandon." The "Gavotte," by the same composer, is a charming piece, and simpler to play. Of the songs for- warded by Messrs. Paling and Co., the beat is Piccolomini's "O Flow'ret Sweet," a graceful song, with a captivating refrain, which is sure to prove popular. "The Crumpled Roseleaf," by Fk. H. Cowern, does not bear the stamp of originality which the composer places upon his best work, but it is pleasing and vivacious. "Bravo Jack" is a dashing ballard, by Stephen Adams, in the "popular" style. "Over the Desert" is a dramatic song, suited to baritones, and is eminently vocal. Tito Mattei's "Pearls and Rubies," mazurks de salon is sparking but entirely conventional. Messrs. Elvy and Co. forward six songs of the second series of Rudyard Kipling's "Barrack Room Ballads." The music of the first five, "Troopin'." "Ford o' Kabul River," "Dandy Deever," "Shillin' a Day." and "Cells," is by Gerard Cobb, and of the sixth, "The Widow at Windsor," by Gordon Sutherland. These songs are specially written for camps and barrack-rooms, where men most do congregate, and with spirited music and clever verse, some of them can hardly fail to "catch on" with our own military forces. THE RAILWAY AND TRAMWAY AMBULANCE CORPS.— A series of theoretical and practical ex- aminations for money prizes in the manner in which first aid should be given to the injured have been conducted throughout the Railway and Tramway Department. The final examination for the metropolitan district was held last night at the Railway Institute by Drs. Woodward and Knaggs. Examinations had previously been held at Newcastle, Bathurst, and Goulburn. The fol- lowing are the results:— First prize, Messrs. Lyons and McCarthy; second , Messrs. Whitcoak and McFlynn; third, Messrs. Dodson and Peter- son; fourth, Messrs. Roberts and Purkis. A 'BUS ACCIDENT.— A man, whose name is not known, last night was getting on to the top of a 'bus at the corner of George and Market streets, when he fell, his head striking the blocks. He was taken to the Sydney Hospital in an insensible condition. SUDDEN DEATHS.— A labourer named Lawrence Brady, aged 60, was conveyed to the Sydney Hospital yesterday, suffering from a severe illness, and he died shortly after admission. A certificate of death from natural causes was suplied, and an inquest consequently dispensed with. An A. B. seaman named Henry Miller, who was attached to the warship Mildura, died on Wednesday from heart disease. DEATH OF A CHILD FROM BURNS.— On Thursday a child named Annie Taylor, aged 5, daughter of Mr. Alexander Taylor, Silverwater, Auburn, died at the Auburn Sanatorium from the effects of severe burning caused by her clothes catching fire. SUDDEN DEATH AT NORTH SYDNEY.— About 11.45 on Thursday night Mr Peter Milne Thomson died suddenly at his residence, Ewen ville, Walker Street, North Sydney. The deceased was a widower, a native of Montrose, Scotland, and was 34 years of age. It appears he left his home at 6 p.m on Thursday , in his usual health, for the purpose of spending the evening with Mr. Frederick Smith, of Belmont-road, Mosman where he was taken ill. He made very little of the circumstance and left with the intention of taking the train home. As he, however, continued to feel unwell, he was placed in a cab and driven home, reaching his residence at 11.15 p.m. He then was very ill, but said he would be all right in a short time. Here he had a fainting fit, and was placed on the sofa, and Mrs. Arnold, his house- keeper, sent for Dr. Kyngdon, who, on arrival, pronounced life extinct. Monday last was the first anniversary of the death of his wife, and he appeared to feel it very deeply. He had been under medical treatment in Sydney for weakness of the heart. Dr Rennie, at the request of the City Coroner, made a post-mortem examination, and reported that death wis due to natural causes, being hemorrhage round the heart. BURGLARS DISTURBED.— When Constable Quelch was proceeding along Cleveland- street last night on his rounds he noticed what he took to be a suspicious looking individual in front of the Charitable Asylum stores. He followed the man through the Albert Park for the purpose of getting a good look at him. The man seemed to have an idea as to the object of the constable, and got away from him in Castlereagh-street. Con- stable Quelch then went to examine the building and found the hinges, which were on the outside, taken from off the back door and a miscellaneous quantity of goods placed in bags. While the constable was crossing the park it appears a clerk in charge of the stores had returned for the purpose of doing some overtime work. A noise attracted the attention of the con- stable and he quickly pounced upon the clerk. Circumstances were very much against the official, bt after a time he succeeded in the somewhat difficult task of convincing the policeman that he was in no way connected with the burglary. As far as could be ascertained last night nothing of value was missing. Boxes had been arranged at the back of the building against the fence abutting on James-street, and every- thing was in readiness for the thieves taking their booty away. FIRE AT KOGARAH.— A four-roomed weather board cottage, owned and occupied by Mr. Rud- loss, in Ramsgate-road, Kogarah, was totally destroyed by fire yesterday morning. It was in- sured for £100 in the United Insurance office. The origin of the fire is unknown. THE New South Wales Sheepbreeders' Association Show will open for judging on Thursday next at the grounds of the Royal Agricultural Society, Moore Park. On Friday, the 3rd July, the Governor will formerly open the show to the public 11 o'clock. Lady Hampden will also be present. The sheep dog trials will begin at 11 o'clock on Friday, and will be continued on Saturday. There are 25 entries. There will be nearly 100 sheep exhibited in the main pavilion. In the carriage pavilion there will be over 200 sheep competing for one Government prize of £50 tor sheep for export. AT a meeting of the Dundas Council held on Thursday evening a resolution was proposed by Alderman Johnstone to the effect that the Erming- ton and Rydalmere Council be invited to confer with Dundas upon the desirability of re-forming the municipal district as formerly. IN a supplement to the Gazette issued yesterday are published bylaws of the Sydney Municipal Council regulating the Eastern Market IN another column an announcement will be found relative to the meeting of the Chamber of Manu- factures on Monday evening. THE Hon J. M Creed M. D M. L. C is an- nounced to deliver a lecture on " Cremation " at the Sydney Theosophical Society's Hall, 42 Margaret street, Wynyard- square. AT a meeting of the Political Labour League held last night at the trades Hall, it was decided to form a social club under the auspices of the league. AT a general meeting of the Eight Hours Com- mittee held last night at the Trades Hall, it was resolved that the next demonsration take place at Rosehill on Monday, 5th October, and, as usual, the Government be requested to declare it a holiday. CAPTAIN WEBBER elsewhaere reminds persons who are enitled to certificates of the National Shipwreck Relief Society that they must sent in to the office of the society proof of award, when the certificate will be made out. A DEPUTATION relative to the forthcoming inter- colonial fire brigades' demonstration was to have waited upon the Colonial Secretary yesterday, but it was postponed to Friday next. A LECTURE on "The Apathy in Federation" was given by Dr. T. B. Clune (president Peterham A.N.A.) in the Petersham Town Hall on Thursday night. There was a good attendance. WE are requested to state that an interjection at the political meeting held in Balmain on Thursday night was not made by Mr Milne, sen., as reported. THE address which was presented to Mrs. McDonald (Miss Kate Slattery) by the residents of Thornleigh on the 23rd instant in recognition of her services at concerts there, will be placed on view in Faling's window to-day. At the weekly meeting of the intercolonial band concert committee on Saturday last a report from the secretary stated that the various steamship com- panies had agreed to a 20 per cent reduction on saloon fares for visiting bands. The Railway Com- missioners also agreed to carry bands at the single fare rate for the double journey. The Labour Home report for the week ended 20th June is as follows :— Meals served, 661; beds occu- pied, 220 employment found for 1; left, 2 ; dis- missed, 1; remaining, 33. 