't!M AtfSTRAIJAN' | TOSH TRACK' ! ? (eorrmairp.) j?Y J. D- HENNESSEY., ^.itbnco! 'The Di?- Honorable,' ' ' rnnun 1 .. White's Wielcadticw,' &o.; f i~jic right of publishing (hit Novel in the r ? Wilcannia Putrid hat been p'jrcfiiued by Oit Proprietor} of the Western Grazier. ) .CHAPTER IX. . pAyii.!? COQK'a tartEtt. Dinner at the Bungalow, aa Hartley had taodeatljr named hit noinuodioai bachelor ? residence, ; iras an important xonptiou- and it -was an hour and a half hftorynrdyyhon the yamnd&hxshairt; vert agsin occupied, add the conversation -onoroe3.- ?? ' My special difficulty with thi« jnatttr,' *aid Sir Chajrlot, itaghinc, 'it ?jibii ancient blatjkfellQiv. I thought tb#t Ausjralin ,-3-jtt muehtoo new for anything -n tho cihi per. of ctrpormilioas lore. Ono rippow when on the- Jibing, or anywhere *lao in ^Europe, t-^ meet vitb lutly old gohliirs, arid jban'»hees.. and wraitltt, and JjoOdnott kooifs .what;, but ' to he*# a hoary old.domOu-doTrtj'th Mo-i-iolc;i5ity, dating beak, to tho timo' ofOapt jio.CooV, j» #n0Ug!l' 16 t«V#- oflrV t-re»tfc' away. ?' -'ipok hart, Buchanan;' lit taid,. placing ''?- jbij^tatrtcnlsr .wtiitb' hand npon tho ? -tSauiaor . 'of ' tile , c a pt tin , '» tail -gentle- ; v'isipJy.^iBna -of ? four-ond-twenty,. ' we'll ^♦fl^-^jb-Haftlry'a ya.bt and rim do*tii;fc&SKftclinm;*t, and g^t'-faira. to in rroduef^^Mo^ Long Tom ' and tbo ' Fishorsjof More ton psy f ' S'ou might not wish to go a second timo!' lsu'gb'od Hartley. . ' 'V I don't wont todoobt- tha- eri dence of my season:' Old gold coins and \- ... a gennino ? diamond are very tangible ?witnettet ; bat to havo thpci mTstorionsly connected with' a jolly old ghost with a phantom c&neo.; auppoted to be tren troifing ab(WV|£ereton Bay i« a pretty big thins' forstf'ftgnoitio libo myself to swailotr. But lot mo hart another look . atth# letter,' - \--SJS8 tfcroe tSep went insids at this, and Sir Chorlts liftod aa ancient looking document np to (ha light. _'Ahl' b« L*\A »» f1*. ±-\\-ra» ... ? t- ? attiu, 4urrtr»a j/us water morit upon tb& p^per. That ftvor* *he letter boing goaufnp ; J-ut vrirhoat questioning tho fftfltv- tbe£ . -mtfy ?' all be attributed to Coot* wag no donbt docoiTed. , ' . Singular difftppearancoii of *«wl« throogh tbo taddfn. .rising of 'miitB, tip'., urr by do m^AD- nccbaitnoQ , Wt iea, and wby tiol in th- J3dy. But read ii cut aloud lor u*. Baohanan, and thfu we can disease it farther ontiide. J 'Tha Captajndro* a 'clmf .op to tho t«jbJo, ana klowly road ai follo.wi ? — 'Ead&aveor;,' 03 Cape More too, Australia, May 16th, 1770. Having met with a very remarkibla incident yesterday,' tba fifteenth d*y of May, in the year of our Lord 1770, 1 fee] it to be my dtsty ?tolbe pciaible futaro JCtirope&n; iohablUnts of Ibia oew]y*dbcoverftd ermtinent, and also Id $ U 6raciooa~ Majesty, King Geo rgo tbo III., toplaoo on record a true and circumstantial aeeetint of tbs aingul&r; and vrfcU-nigb incredible o&rcrronce.; ... yesterday morniop at daylight ft rooff stretch of Ifwv aaod bill* xtbicK tcrmi hated in' a -aand spit with a \blcrff rock on the ic»mbbre;^'RnnnUii3ff_tho cape we cae^anchcr iu ci^bt fatborm of.water in a.troad^hallow bay.- 'I.hrtxft Kameid the forruer Cape WoretoTi, j aud tha iMtcr Moreton Bay. Latrr in the iK.ntb'-ea«t on ^vbich ' tbo Bay oponed oat, rvreaiiDg: » numbcf of iaUuds covered v»ilb green ' foIia^o,|and also the moutl of alar^o er»ek or nver. T wenfc *\th the abip's long boat, accompanied by Mr Greon, our astrono mer, and Mr Banks, our bohnist, and a piekod crew, toaxplorc sorao-.of tbo islands, in bopc of adding to oar collections of plants and animals. 'but being bat 'partially tnccaurfri ire returned. I batf be«a talkin* \sitia the chiaf oficarand Mr Green upon tq© .qnarter deck -vben tho furaier caJledmy stUntinn to* largo hatiVe vesa&l;, Which ecemed to have craergod from'Wtwean tho islands -and trae rapidly tearing do-pn ^opon nt, . We aU.remarfced the unusual eire of the craft It was fitted with two inasta and caVrfe^ large,. nearly triangular ? of uome native cotton or'frsgs, woven. into ctyth. There was fcig}- oittoiHoatal woulwork at prow and 6tern. It was o-»w growiog, towards t^Higbt and partly on account of this» hnt principally by reason of the satis nnd high woodwork or the ^rotr'and stern, it vrw itiipotsible fo count tbe number of the crew Several natirea vero eeen, bowe»er,'and at the «tornj goidiag the Hescel'is ,c»iur«- with.' a huge sweep, which answered for a helm, stood a native of statare and countenance, never before met with -by us in'tjieffe *soa&r; They* slackened sail.as they ? * drew nearef, and the boatswain, by my direc tion, hailed 'ber. ^ Calling out 'Ship ahoy ! What tfjatne?' ' In 'reply, a clear, wild, ringtu? eound caino from tbo throat of the hugoateore* man, 'DaFochera^ris the |»»t intorprotation I- to abje to -civc of Ibe'.stjtiud, Which we all qistibctly heard', I'may nay that Dr. Solan* dar and Air Green both support my opinion ; bat tbe eeco'*.B officer and nthort of the craw believe the words to have been 'Thtt Fishers,' -? -ivhich is, ou thu face of the matter, most tinhkely,vao although they might bare followed thA mllmff of fiflhermen ' ifc is imoa&ftihla;'that thny con!d hAVo been acqnainted with the English tongue. However, ^ natinc tbns called out, tho natire euddenly tornea and threw towardnim one * oi their, weapons of warf»r«- ctvllcd, X believe, by thora a ' boomorang.' ? It oasse whirling tarcegb the air with grieat fotco and'«eern©d to haTO- been purposely directed \- tOTf-trda mjsoltand the group aroand me. It -vrfi dharpened \ipan tbd'edgtur, and the doctor narrowly escaped injury.- Taking this bo nn indicatun' of bnstild intoutiop»and indig diint at Ihd weapon b«mg. directed at myself, wme of .Ujo munnca fired small* amis in the duecttaaof tho ppmgaa.-. Lr^grcrtt^thia, as Jaws. armcrtiB'tovrciucbaip- Encirlly relstioDs with the natives. Cut tl- »iutf a«Ujnjwlihie«t ind constoroatujn, mimodi»tc]j .after the dis* charge Of -t^vhrearms, we ofcm-rred.tb* sialtvo Yaaeltn-Jbb gridxiilly diffljipeariD^' befnra oiir trcs. Many of tbo crow were watohing from tho ship's side, nnd c. score vt rohablo witnej693 aro prepared b- state^ nn cuth, that she neither foundortd nor woa enveloped in mixt, but dusolved bafereour eyoa into air. Tha final dtsappearaneo being accompanied with a wild. ^Ad eeream, ^hat »srtundcd like a repetition of . tbts ritfetJnusly cpoken words. This nntoward '? : eVout 'has, 1 regret to say, filled tpe crew with . . tbe - gravest apprehension and alarm, and I . ; ^-ofesathat loy-WMt cuiod is not without mis in - ? ? g\tivz* -aa t«- what warning tbo phsnomenon fajay -jiavij beea intended to convoy. Tha f- u -. ? falling up»-n the.deck ih cuustrud'ed bta dark wood, and on ooosido is covertd r ^ith letters oe symbols of singular 'form. ??'Wbatever -nuy'b*.eh* hingnaga it is one tb.vt | iio)Eb^'^^ S^iandor, ?loBciph Bank*, .nor jnyiw*lf can in any way rfecipber. Tbe crew ,r ^neraJIy regard it wjtb »u/»er*utiou» dread, (V^rV^'SudHt nae been hinted to* me that it would tfiflfr feelings if X would ? throw it over lWstt--Vi#ra.' /ndfoe-l, aotvo of thein, I. uadoratand, \- fapr 'Jthat onlean J*. i* thrn .vn nut .of the ebip wrfecJced beforo getting clear of the coa^t, ilow«-ei, i bohu not yiem 1 W tmntt -b«t fir» hut i urtly to allay thfcir fra.T# , x boic (lecK/od 'to TirtVe this etatemei-t, r yfrf&Ji; nn 'ftccuwt^drawiOK 6f the weapon and ;; ,.\Vyta fn^crib(id ciiaractfert* aitachod, placed in a ? bo*. ou-' SfcnreJfy biddon' bur ed dp«o' Vsroali vUu4 b^bt Yed n/1), ubioh can bo differ a-jd a Uvt 2^ae-» f»«'» - aochnrago. 'St will bo wrtaentod' U- thu. eailora that tbe ^ ? ^©4p.?a'br toomcran^-is in the box.'Wbiob will fSMaartb«»r tore, and iu & few dAjBt I hopct I'.r rdatoro tbeir o equanimity. 1 fnUnd to t*ko ihe boowNsln^/tirEorope, la hope that ih -Aiyat^riaaa inscriptions mi 7 he dftjpba«d and \- jfijrrpretp-i by oanta Jwbo) -u«d, to. -iboj olacidation of the rajTBteriomj phonomonon whicir nt present' is inaxplicablo and'awo in* spiring to all that witnessed it. Qhon 'undor my' hand and wal, this six* tooth day o£ Mar, In tho your of otif Lord, ooVantcoa handroa and aoventy. ? ? i ? (SijriKl) JAME3 COOK. Witncs? : Joasra Bakko. Attached to the 1ett«p wsa o fartbo oheot of paper,. on wbioh trao tho'draV«' ir-(? of 'a boonoranff. almost £q11 oiaoi and oogrs»rd 'upon ij wo to n' unmbor of B^ngitlar character#, which could .not ba rc'p'reeontGd by any lotteri comprited in printer'i typo. Buohanan. who ira» the tuholar of tho party, said (hat the nearest approach to them whioh ho had seen was in the cnical caanaicript of tho Batia' Bible, in' tho poisession of tho Bodlein Library, at Oxfdrd. Tito ' folloiriDE translation^ of this ro marUabto inscription wai aigned by a prof«s8or of the Bonn Unirortity. . TBS PATH OF ZOO-ZOO. ' fim the Ulandi.ofthetoit, follow the broad j fioai n# icalert btymi the inais coilt to ill tource. ' South of the letting am,, a cltft appcart in tfo mountain. . BfjOr.d U the. greet country cf many Tittle treti. . Tolliw « ih* birds J'J Icicarai the tettinj tun of winter, beyond the broad plaint, over the white ir.euntajnt, and y«( reach the tpan longer ikan tKt arms rj m/tny men. Dnoare qf the great tcatcre t Beware of the white gatet and the golden ! Beyond thai fear not : your eyet will tee, and your bandt 'may touch what till mett lovej Th« men looked at each other, and thertr was a pamo after the' Captain had 6nishod ; broken At la»t by Hertlay : ' I wai reading all thai oror before yob oemo in,' he taid. . ' Now como oataido and hiro.o tmoko, and I trill giro yon tho benefit of torn® . information aboat the norlh^eatlern interior of thfa conti nent, which l pioktd 'np out on my atatiop on the Barcoo, and I think it will surprise you.' That path of Zoo boo iocmt to tns to hare lomothing in it, and if you. don't go with StorioKam, I shall consider isriotitly whether I cannot tnako sp a party to go thoro mytolf. I hare a theory about that path of Zoo *oo.' Upon tteppiog outside npon the reran dab, howorcr, it bccarao oridant that Hartley's theory oNbo :path' of Zoo zoo wt« not to bo to soon ditcloieJ, for a noighfcour known as WilliamB'onvlcbnrit had palled aerott the ottaary in his bout, and having made hor fait to the jotty, had (aunterod op to tbo hotiee, and now reelined at hit eaie, with a pipe ia his month, on one of tho Ioudroh. '. Good^orening, Hartley. 'How do' yon do. Captain'. 'Pink night, Sir Obarlot,' lam ice newoomsr ia a long arawung monotone,1 wiihoat moring. It wai evi dent that he had Dot the Englishmen before, ' Hallo, Bronckhorst !' czcltiaied Hartley, ' what bringt you round thia way to-night ? Ton'abould haro ooms oarlior and ^ined'with^ ^ni.' Got th'o boat down al the ?'top l, I suppose J-' mid Bronckhartt, who was a retired' oyster dredger and one of tbo laoky bolder! of original Monnt Morgan tharef, whioh bad iri.de for bim i rcry respectable competency. It thould be stid. perhap«, that ho wat now located in a comfortablo placo on the riror, his prin cipal tcoreation being to crniie aboat (bo Bay in a half-di okor, fishing .and ?hoot inst, and occasionally — especially on moonlight nichtt— to row aeross to the !' Bungalow ' and haro a yara with Hartley, if the latter happened to be at home. 'Look here, Bronokhorst,' taid Hartley abruptly after the four had smoked for a few minotou in silence, ' did you ercr heir anything about ' Tho JitftTt of Motoloa Bay ' ' I barf,' replied Bronckhnrst, with a gool natnred langh, ' but what of that P' ''Why, timply thi«. Sir Charlor, the C«ptain and myself, bnro been talking orer a matter whi'h oriRia.tod with 8toneham d'wn at Smoke Island, acd they laogh at me for a superstitious old bamhng, kavsan I tell them that -altbiffg'T srbat Strn-ham tayt may be Oiaggbrated, there it at any rate troth at the bo'.toa of it. Thtao chaps won't belisre me, bat if you tell nt what yon know of 'The Fiibon' they will no doubt pay more attention.' ' XoiiEratt tiko all that Hartley jayt, eusjorasa talie.' broke in Sir Cbarles, laughing; 'bet we really woald bo inter»»ted, and obliged to you. if you would recount what you may hare sesn and 'beard aboat theso local legends. Witb'ths moonlight on tho river, and the long shadows yonder of -he treos, no time or placo eonld b-4 more saitablo. I conld credit any mysterious story, almost, to-night.' 'I cannot tell you much from personal knowledge of the facts,' said Bronck horst. ' I hare hoard from Stonobam himself that he is acquainted -with some queer thing', although be is a rery reticent man. But tbero are few fisher men or pilots in the Bay, or indeed waruoru m lue cuarioi seiui-meai on 01. Helena, bot hare something tn say of ' The Fishers of Moreton Bay.' I confess that I knnw nothing personally about thsse things myself; that ia aa Car as anything supernatural gor-.' 'You know Moreton and Stradhroke Islands form together a --ery bit; place,' ht continued, turning round to the two Englishmen,.' and th«re iK thr remnant of ti rery remarkable triba of black fellows living there. They are boliered to bo entirely distinct from thnne here upon, the mainland, and haro tome singular tradition's an l cuttoms. It's the belief of inany of the' oyster mon and others that they, know more about ' Tho Pi « her. 'and their doitig« thatj they, will ? tell. Bat the mystery they- soy is, whtro the craft thoy talk of comct from, and how aha dixappearr. They say that men will be netting on the Bay atmght, sorao time* without any luck, when suddenly they see ? Ih'c Fisfiers 1 canoe, or what nror you liko ts rail it, bearing down upon them— occasionally in tho rery toeth of thj- wind— and then tho fi-h will suddenly ifpnie down in -groat shoals in front of her, ^bile at other times tbey will be gone in a moment, and then sudJenly tbo cratt will - dis ippear. It is certain, as, anyone liring tin the shores of tho Biy will tell yon, that there are raoTina lights sometimes seen on dark nights, which no, oho can accouut for. I hare seen thorn iny-olf, and attribnte them to the blaokt j but tho old bands among the fisTjermrn: generally Veep a- home ott solch 'night's. .You. ask one of them some dar, when tbero ia no fish- in Brisbane mar^et,.why it is,, and he will rery liltely saj;,, ' Oh, Tommy was out on tho Bay UiVbtgh),' and yoa may gatss bit meaning if yo'i esn.' *'A warmer on St. Ffelen* onoe told roe it 7/ueOr.. .Jfarn^ It Vis 'IRfarcion, Hartley i and. he . it a' decent fellow no you know. We were yarning abOat the Bay ouo nigbt, and J asked him what ho knew of *'2'h(r JFish^fV.' '.He naid— for I remambar. diatinotly— ' I only, onoo taw tha ^raft - myself, and I'll tak'a iny Bible otttb ' tbat L bad neithe'r^aloep qor drink apci me at tho timo, but l 'oertainly sun- the otaft, and heard old Tommy'3 liail.'' ' I will toll you the yarn as noar as I ratl in bis own n orilt,' continued Brpnck harot. ' V He said that it was during ono 6Jf thoio sodden thuodorttorms which ocoBttohally ' sweep ' with such torrifio iriolonca norosB the Bay.. Ho \7aa on 'duty.' It T7a3 a. moonlight night, bot aa imttionso grocnish black olond t-amo op from tho south. east that blotted 'out everything. It was blowing with hurri oatio force tho strange thin? was that »bo horizon was platnly risible all roand' beyond tbe donso oirclo of clouds, Jt began to rain soon, protty hearily,- and ^he force of the wind Jent iho drops stinging against his faco like small shot. Th6 lightning too was Tory ririd.'; Ho was stsuding outside'tho lookout box on the north-east wall as ho thought that ho heard a noiso in ouo of tho -yards. Ho had his rifle, of coarse, in hie band, when suddenly thoro came twomoit vivid flaohos of lightning.. Tho wholo Bay seemed illuminated .for fully a quarter of a minute, and ' within riflo shot of tbo island, right in iho midst of the storm, no saw tne orart. buo bad botu sails spread and was sailing along close hauled in tho rery teeth of iho gale. Long Tom tras stoontig. Bcardon said ho did not know what impelled him, bat ho liftod tho riflo, took steady aim and fired. Thoro was ball citrtridgo in tho piece, and croryoae knows that Beardon is a good shot. . ,AU tho answer ho got was, ?Tha Fisheja^ Ho locked abemt tbe Bame, placo- during scleral fotlowinR flashes of lightning;. bot tbo craft bad eriliroly disappeared. Ho said that it was imposriblo that sbo could hare got away by natural meant, for ho.could sea dt'stinatly for miles during the flashes.' ' There is one end of St. Helena, I ohoald say, whore tho old conriots'will norer, if possible, go at night. ' It's known as Lone Tom's, camp. Thrc# conricts at different times haro com mitted suicide thoro.' ' Some of the old hands tay thoy were there looking for tomo of Long Tom's j property, and that he nabbed tbem at I it.' ' H«ro.yon neror tried to account for tbo origin of these stories yoursolf P' taid Bachanan, 'Not I,', ropliod Bronokbnrst j 'that is, not in that way, I attribute them to excited imagination, tho result of lone liness end singular and grotesque natural ssrr'onndinKs. Why, I hare been on (lie Bay myself at night when you oonld b.liere yoa saw anything. I would haro sworn one night that I saw quite a number of people on a point which I knew had not a dwelling placo within threo miles of it ; and what do you think it was f Doad mangrovo trunks and roots, all broken off just about tho same height from the ground, and a fioek of shags or curlews or something perched one on each of tliom. To linre seen tbo moremeat and heard tbe sound, and so on, yoa would haro sworn that they were men.' 'But, 1 so long 1' gentlemen, I must bo off, or the tide will hare run d- wn so that I won't be able to get the boat into tho . boatbou'e, and I want to leave ererything snug to night, for I am going to Brisbane to morrow.' ' Stop a whil» loTiRer,' expostulated Hartley, but Bronckhurat had had bis say, and bring quite satisfied with him self, preferred to retire gracefully on bis laurels. His going was usually as abrupt aa his coming, for be was one of the nn-ri who allow no consideration to interfere with theie peculiarhabits of mind. - ' He's a queer Btick that.' said Harl. ley, as Bronckhiirst took himself off. ' but a great fisborman.' ( lb be continued next Wednesday-^ 