THE MUNICIPAL YEAH. THE ead of the second year of the life of the Ooolgardie Municipal Council is now close npon ns, and it is well at such a season to pass in review the work which has been accomplished for the public good by the Mayor and Councillors. Under the Municipal Institutions Act of Western Australia, the Mayor of a town has far more power than falls to the lot of such dignitaries in the Eastern colonies. He is directly elected by the ratepayers and directly re. sponsible to them, and thus possesses, in addition to the" powers of a chairman, those of an executive officer. Hence, it is of the greatest importance that the public should know what has been accomj -lisbed by the responsible head of the local government, in order that they may be guided in their choice as to whom to elect as his successor* or whether," when the Mayor offers himself for re-election, as is the care at present, he is worthy of continued confidence. Before going into these details we deem it advisable to say a word or two concerning Mr.Macdonald's personal merits and experiences. It is useless to blink the fact that the earlier portion of the Mayoral year was an unfortunate period for the occupant of the civic chair. A young, untried, and inexperienced man, Mr. Macdonald was called upon to conduct to a fitting conclusion the great ceremonial attending the inauguration of railway communication. That errors were made we all know and deplore, and among those who regret aome of the incidents of that time, the Mayor himself is probably the foremost. Nevertheless, when we compare the success, financial and social, of the functions here with the grave mistakes and petty spirit manifested at Kalgoorlie, the fact cannot be gainsaid that we have had much to be thankful for. Thanks to the energy and broadmindedness of the Mayor, Council, and Reception Committee, our railway opening was an event to which we can all look back to with pride and satisfaction, and, although the town went to far greater expense than did Kalgoorlie, we had not the humiliation of having to make up a deficit at the close of the proceedings. Mr. Macdonald in those days was corsed with too many advisers; and in endeavoring to meet the wishes of all, he, as might have been expected, offended not a few; but the general effect was excellent, and' the fact that it was so was due in a large measure to Mr. Macdonald's vigor and organizing ability. Our visitors were entertained in a manner befitting both the occasion and the high reputation of ^Coolgardie, and we should be churlish indeed if we refused to recognize the great part which the present Mayor played on that occasion. As if misfortune had marked him for her own, Mr. Macdonald was next confronted with business troubles of a serious and even disastrous character, leading to his being brought before the magistrates on criminal charge. After investigation of the evidence, and in the case of two of the defendants a trial by jury in Perth, all three of the defendants were acquitted, and in accordance with British notions of justice, nothing can now be alleged against them. The prosecution was said to have been initiated from motives of vengeance, and we may be sure that if the case could have been made any stronger, the prosecution would have made it so. It is probable that but for the tactical errors Mr Macdonald made immediately before the trial he would have received the sympathy of all classes but at that time the public indignation was stirred up and a persecuting rancour set in which has not yet altogether died away. But the one point which speaks most in Mr Macdonald's favor is that he has shown himself a man capable of pi-ofiting by past mistakes, and his later policy has conclusively proved that he is not likely to commit such blunders again. At the time we mention, Mr Macdonald declared himself to be supporter of the Forrest Government, and, no doubt, he was absolutely sincere in his utterances when he proclaimed himself a " Forrest man." Since then like so many of the rest of us, he has seen fit to change his views, as most reasonable people are apt to do when they become intimate with the devious workings of the existing Administration, and nothing could have been plainer than his recent utterances, de- livered before Sir John Forrest's face Whether as a supporter or opponent of the Ministry, Mr. Macdonald has always been plain spoken; and having discovered that he can best serve the city and goldfields by presenting a firm front to the Government of the diy, the Mayor has not hestitated to adopt that course, which fact alone in our opinion, is sufficient to procure oblivion for past offences, due only, not to want of heart or sentiment, but to eirors of judgment, induced by excitement and lack of experience. During the trying period to which we have referred, Mr. Macdonald's courage was admitted by his bitterest foes, and the-rare tenacity which he then used for his own defence" he has lately turned to account in the defence of the town, and, so far, with the most excellent results. Reverting now to what is, after all, the real subject of our present remarksrst, w6 may place, first, the concessions we have received from the Government, always so unwilling to promote the interests of Coolgardie proper, and so lukewarm with regard to the rights of the goldfields generally. During the present municipal year a number of notable grants have been made by the Government to the town of Coolgardie, mainly on the personal representations of the Mayor while in Perth, which may be listed'as follows :— (1.) Park lands of the area of 71 acres one rood on the northern and western sides of the original town boundaries.! (2.) A promise of a grant of £500 towards the improvement of a recreation reserve. (3.) A grant of £300 towards the sanitation of the precincts of Coolgardie. (4.) The gift of three wells in the centre of the town with a supply of good water of upwards of 5,000 gallons daily, and the sum of £200 with which to equip town well No. 1. This cost of e sinking and driving in these wells must have been fully £1,400. With the Mayor's active co-operation the Council have, by persistent agitation, obtained a reserve for quarries within the town boundaries of 10^ acres, and, as only a small portion of. this will be required for municipal purposes, it will be possible for the Council to lease the frontages to King-street and obtain thereby a sum of £1,000 per annum from tenants already settled there. The Council have also, by repeated representation to the Government, received a grant of five allotments in Sylvester-street west. The grounds ppon which the Council based their application was the fact that the citizens and town of Coolgardie were entitled to some proportion of the profits from the sale of the land or some of the land itself, as they them, selves had given it its value by settlement. These allotments will, when leased, also add to the Council's finances by about £700 annually. Next comes the grant of £500 towards the erection of a Mechanics' Institute and the promise of an additional sum of £500 towards that object. The building has been pushed ahead by the Council even before the second £500 has passed the estimates, as it is considered that an institution such as this will prove a most popular and necessary one to the people of Coolgardie. Neither expense nor labor has been spared towards the accomplishment of this object, and when the building is launched from the hands of the councillors to the general committee of the citizens, as will be done shortly, it should become an educational and popular institution worthy of the older towns in the Eastern colonies Another system which has been in augurated during the present financial year is the inspection of meat killed for consumption by a skilled veterinary surgeon, and the erec tion of abattoirs is now being seriously considered by the Council While during the present year the •revenue of the municipality has increased so greatly, yet the number of necessary works undertaken has resulted in correspondingly heavy outlay. The 'kerbing of the streets alone cost £440 the erection of new council chamber and improvements, £400 ; the erection of a Mechanics Institute, the total cost of which is £1,400, of which the Council is bearing £400 ; the installation of street arc lamps, which, although very costly, are of immense benefit to the town ; the cleansing of the streets and the making of roads ,* the removal and effacement of the old rubbish and night soil depot the addition of horses and drays in view of the increased size of the town the great cost of sanitation ; the employment of a large number of laborers and drivers; the erection of stables; and the appointment of a solicitor and the increase of officers to the Council. The revenue of the municipality for this year will amount to nearly £9,000 while if the blocks surveyed and occupied are sold before the 30th November next, so that they may be rated, the revenue should, with the addition of rents from land leased, reach upwards of £15,000. This will then make Coolgardie by far the richest municipality in the colony of Western Australia, and for its brief existence without compeer in. the history of the Australian colonies. Lastly, we get from the Town Clerk's statement of the amount received per annum, &c.;,. for rents from blocks already leased by" the Council on the land Endowed upon it by the Government, as also the value of the improve- ments which will revert to the Council under the terms of the leases, the following gratifying figures :—Amount received in rents—Weekly, £64 ; yearly, £3,328. The value of the improvements which will revert to the Council, and the time when the leases expire is thus tabulated :— One lease of 5 years, with option of 5 more .. 176 Five leases of 6 years, with option of 16 more 875 One lease of 7 years {250 One lea<=e of 7 yeare 250 One lease of 15 years, with option of 6 (three blocks) 4,000 One lease of 21 years (three blocks) 4,000 One lease of 10 years, with option of 11 ... 1,000 £ £10,550 At the end of five years, improvements to the value £1,050 will, if a further term be not applied for, become the property of the Council ; at the Yearly—£1,404. It is apparent, therefore, that at the beginning of the municipal year 1896-7 the Council will be drawing an annual income from this land of fully £3,700. uch a condition of affairs is in the highest degree pleasing to the townspeople, who, by the wise foresight of the Mayor and Council, have been placed in so splendid a position. We venture to predict that the time will yet come when, like the inhabitants of Klingen berg, in Germany, our municipal policy will place us beyond the necessity of paying rates at all. Under these circumstances, with such an excellent re- nd of seven years, £500 ; at the end of 10 years, if further term be not desired, £1,000 ; at the end of 15 years, C h f £4,000, andattheendof 21 years,£4,000. a The Council will, therefore, at the end t s of 21 years, be the owners of buildings a and improvements, should the leases t finally be determined at the end of that term, of the value of £30,500, while, should the remainder of the blocks be leased this year, as there is every probability of, this sum will amount- to upwards of £45,000. There are seven blocks yet to be leased, and these, when let, will bring in an income of Weekly— £27. cord and such a magnificent future prospect, we contend that both the Mayor and the Council have done everything to deserve the confidence and commendation of the ratepayers, and we should be careful how we displace any one of them, and thus lead, perhaps, to change in the wise policy which is already bearing such good fruit. All the gentlemen composing the Council have deserved well of the people, and we should hesitate considerably about displacing any of them for untried and inexperienced men. As far as the Mayoral election is concerned, there is as yet only Mr. Macdonald in the field, and it is significant of the change which has come over public feeling that many of the most liberal of our public men are his most steadfast supporters, and that the only man (Cr. M'Kenzie) who could have taken his place with credit, and the confidence of the ratepayers, has retired in Mr. Macdonald's favor, and pledged himself to give his utmost support to him in his candidature for a second term of, office. So far no opposition has presented itself; but should it do so, the ratepayers will be only acting in accordance with the dictates of common sense if they closely scrutinise any claims which a stranger may put forward. It should also be remembered that none of the councillors will come forward as candidates for the honor ; and it would be grossly unfair to a body of men who have worked so well for the town to place a raw, inexperienced person in the chair above them. All these facts should be taken into the most careful consideration ; we ghould divest ourselves of the prejudices which linger on as the ghosts of past errors, and if we decide the question upon its merits, it is pretty certain that the preeent Mayoral reign will continue for another year, and the present municipal policy, fraught with such blessings to Coolgardie be .continued and developed under the auspices of the men who inaugurated, and who are, therefore, best qualified to carry it to a successful issue. 