SURGEONS AND PHYSICIANS. AT St. Peter's Church, Ballarat, on a recent Sunday, before a large con gregation, the Rev. Slaney Poole preached a sermon from Ecclesiastics, xxxviii, 1, "Honour a physician with the honour due unto him, for the uses which you may have of him, for God hath created him." The following are the concluding remarks :-" Our Lord was not only the Saviour of the souls of men, but He was also the physician of the bodies. Thus I look upon the physician as inheriting of a sort of Apostolical succession the gifts of healing which were showered upon the Church at its birth by the Holy Ghost. They are, as it were, priests in their own domain. Every hospital, every sick- room, is a temple in which God's work is being faithfully carried on by those His ministers who are appointed to this very thing. Thus it is that just as St. Paul lamented divisions in the Church, just as we' recognise ' brawling in church ' as an offence, so in these temples, which are dedicated to the cure of the body, divisions and brawling are just as un ssemly-for it cannot but be that while strife and contention reign the main object for which the institution was established must be neglected. It seems to me little less than shocking that in a neighbouring colony for the last 18 months there should have been strife and division in the. leading hospital-a strife which would not have been heard of had not politics been allowed to interfere with the management of it. Meanwhile a whole horde of evil tempers are let loose, and vituperation fills the air. The lesson which this trouble seems to teach is that such in stitutions as these should be placed absolutely beyond political control; for in the exigencies of political life, aust as drowning men clutch at straws, so will a falling or failing party make use of almost any means to retain their position. Meanwhile so long as the strife rages the patients and would-be patients suffer, and these are, as you know, in a public hospital mainly and chiefly poor. S?A hospital in its place and purpose,' says Bishop Fraser, 'is as truly a consecrated building as a Church. It is consecrated not by a ceremonial act, but by a spiritual-by the presence of Christ within its walls, in His sick, His maimed, and His poor. The ser vices rendered unto the least of His brethren, He reckons rendered unto Himself.' ' I was sick and ye visited Me.' Honour the physician with the honour due unto him. It may have struck you that except in very few instances has any honour by the Crown or State been conferred upon him. Those who tread the thorny and often, unsavoury path of politics tread the path which most readily leads to such distinctions. The lawyer may, if his merits deserve it, be entitled of the Queen as one of ner counsel, or may ultimately reach the 1Bench and through that become a member of the Privy Council, and be called Right Honourable. A clergy man may some day be elevated above his follows, and becoming a Bishop be called Right Reverend, but with a few inconsiderable exceptions the physi cian stands outside the pale of the State and official honour. It is, per haps, just as well. As a rule, I believe, these honours of the State are worthily wop and worn, but sometimes, as you know, a man sacri fices honour to secure them. Some times by fawning on the rulers of the land, whether that ruler wear one crown or many, men have crept into place and power: but such honours as those no wise and honourable man covets. The honour which is evoked by kind ministrations and tender care-the h-bioni which is rendered to well directed skill and self-sacrificing de votion-this is indeed honour, and it is this honour which I believe the medical brotherhood have in the main secured. It may be that none of them are 'my lorded' or called ' honourable,' but it is more to their honour that they should be real lords of a noble professioa; that they should be skilful generals in their battle with disease, and that the honour which they covet shall be that honovr which comes to every man who is ready to sacrifice himself on the altar of duty and give himself up to the self denying service of his fellow-man." The oldest national flag in the. world is that of Denmark, which has been in use ainee the year 1219. 