£DHE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE. 1 * / The detective had dropped the paper telling •? Jiow Salvatore Cavaliere, the Long Branch ■ Italian, made his dwelling a storehouse of j, plunder. ^ *• Every house holds its mystery,” he began J \- Then he told the story of a bouse be would j' not specify particularly. s ’ “ I was detailed to watch it,” ho went on, ^ •• because there was something odd about its: tenant. "" A. most respectable house in a most ' respectable neighbourhood, it had been sublet to one William Smith, a small dark man with a foreign accent. -- 1 He had paid six mouths rent in advance, in lieu of reference, and as the dull summer \ season was comiog on the agent had not 1 quibbled over this slight violation of his rule J requiring references. Whence be came, what his trade, no one could say. The rent was ; paid in gold. * ■ . *• After Mr. Smith had moved in—he rented ; furmshed—the strange r proceedings began ' .which attracted tho neighbours’ attention. , Just after-sundown muffled* men began to > /appear at the door, which would open, reveal- ' ing the dimly lit hall. The visitor entered. (Now the peculiar feature of the caso was that ! no one ever came out, while Mr. Smith existed apparently!-independent of the butcher and inker. If you rang, the . manservant simply ■ told you that his master was not in.-? But other ! persons evidently found him in. Three or four ; persons passed that threshold dally, never to ;* reappear over it. Of bourse the - neighbouring j* servants whispered marvellous tales of ghosts. |1 Ifyou went and scanned tho faces of those who ./ cut creel,you found them to be apparently gentle- j men, with thin intellectual faces. 1 “ Going up the steps the visitor would peer j about as if fearing observation. One of the . double hall doors stood closed. While' ho waited bo invariably stepped behind this screen • until the other door was opened. Then it shut on him. You might wait all Dight and the next • day, as I have done hut the visitor never re- : appeared. The house, hoavily shuttered, j .presented an impassive front to the street that < told nothing of its mystery. : ! «• Naturally, I had theories of murder or t; other- crime being committed there. But (therwwere no reports of miasing men and news- !, paper pereouala gave no clue. Nor did we have , any complaints or other evidence justifying a ‘raid. Finally I decided to take the matter J into my own hands. I did this by boldly going \ jup the steps a third time—I had, been told Itwice by the strange servant that Mr. Smith was : :out. On this occasion I followed clueely on tho ;heels of oue of the visitors, who probably was : idestmed never to appear again. I rang, and : 'after a few minutes the door was opened. The !same servant stood there. He was black, jwith the re gular features belonging to East 1 (Indians or North Africans. If you ever venture .’ as far east as Constantinople, you may s*e men ;of his type in the cosmopolitan atreet throng. jThe peculiarity of this man w«» his shining Iblack eyes that looked me through and through. JHe was iu the regulation black coat and white cravat of the house lackey.” •• Mr. Smith r” " ' 11 * Sees no one,* he began in a slightly iforeign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a ; subdued light ou the stairway, i •« • But some one entered a half minute Ibefore me,” I began. On the other occasions I !had asked who tliiB mysteriousSmith who con Icealed an interesting personality very cunningly under that most cominouplace uame might he, what h:s occupation, whence he came. On both occasions the door had slammed in my face. •• This time I took the precaution to put my (foot over the sill in such a way that tho door .could not close. -The man attempted it. I 'stepped iuside. The door swung into its place ,with a little-metallic click. “ I fancied the black eyes snapped angrily, but the man motioued mo civilly into an adjoin ing room. This was an ordiuary apartment Tarnished in the way of rooms in houses that are •sublet, where the hrio-a-brac and essentials giving expression have been removed, t A lamp ■with a red shade lit the place. -Kstjcv k •• ‘ Wait. I will see,’ said the black. p «* Presently he returned, this lime beariog a silver tray, on which were a curiously-carved silver decanter and some glasses,with a plato of ■biscuits. The man made a sort of obeisance (that had in it something oriental, as if he had -stopped out of oue of the stories dealing with 'the Caliph Haroun at Kaschid. 1 •“-While you wait, won’t you have some refreshment ? ” I “His accents were so suave that, forgetting any suspicion, I did not stay his hand when he poured some liquid lika claret into one of the long decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it (was a curioua-tasling beverage. For a moment 'I thought it was molten fire. Then the black retainer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, and I lost consciousness. 1 “ When I awoke, I was on the couch in the same room The lamp was still burning. I raised myself up. My head ached terribly. On a .chair near me aat a little monkey grinuing and .chattering. Ii.startled me at first, but in my itrade one ceases to be afraid, because back of everything, however mysterious, we are-accus tomed find human cunning. 1 I rose, threw back tho shutters, and day |light poured into the room. I had been there .all night. No one stirred except the poor little 'beast of a gibbering ape. I made my way to tho outside door, seeing no one, and ran down the steps into tho street, the monkey following. 1 •* I returned with the policeman on the beat. iWo searched the house high and low. There [ was no evideucc of occupancy beyond that of '.the little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or i even tho silver decanter from which I had drunk. About the ape’s neck was a curiously carved little silver chain with some odd cabal istic device. At the Zoo in the park they told ■me that he was of an Indian species. “ During all my night stupor, what had be come of the mysterious Mr. Smith and his — Kjptori ? They w ere never seen nor heard of liaa an enigmatical expression' oli^iillS^feKinr .myaterj.___ 