AUSTRALASIAN ITEMS. Au the Port Melbo?orne Oou?rt 'n Thursday a couple of furriers were each fined 6s for -rying skins on Sunday-. They pleaded in extenuation that if the drying were delayed the skins would have been spoilt. Induced by a large number of whales now off the coast at the month of the Derwent, Hobart, the whaling barque Helen has been fitted out and has shipped a crow under the eommand of Captain William Folder. The Loocal Government Commission sitting in Brisbane yesterday further considered the Local Government Draft Bill, asd also the question of their remuneration. At the even ing sitting the evidence of Mr. R. H. Mills, chief accountant of the Audit Department, was taken. He gave evidence to the effect that the local audits of accoounts of local authorities were practically worthless, and suggestod thatit would be better to have an efloient audit by Government officers once a year. A Connamulla telegram states that a dar ing robbery was perpetrated at the Empire Hotel, Eulo, on Monday night. An iron safe, weighing about 3owt, containing over £50 in oash and £20 worth of opals, was car ried out of the landlord's bedroom, and taken to a vacant allotment 70 yards away while a ball was proceeding on the premises. The landlady missed the safe shortly afterwards, and informed the police. Constable Collins found the safe behind an did shed. He saw two men with a sledge hammer approaching. He arrested one man, b?ut the other escaped. The Viotorian Defence Department have practically decided to arm the Victorian forces with the Martini-Metford rifle, and the Minister for Defence will shortly send an order to England for 2000 of thoee rifles. At Melbourne on Thursday Judge Hodges decided that the Vaccination Act provided that the only breac~h of the law was in not causing a child to be vaccinated within six months of its birth, but it said nothing which made it an offence not to vaccinate a child more than six months old. He consequently granted an order nisi to review the case heard at Hawthorn, in which the defendant was twice fined for neglecting to have his daugh tor vaccinated. At Melbourne on Thursday evening a dar ing street robbery was perpetrated at Haw thorn. Mr. Alexander M'Phee, an elderly gentleman, employed as an accountant to Mr. Croker, solicitor, was bailed up by an armed man and robbed of his gold watch and chain and 25s in cash. He escaped, and the police are not hopeful of affecting an arrest. At the meeting of the Local Government Commission held at Brisbane on Thursday a letter was read from Alderman J. A. Olarke, refusing to attend to give evidence if sum moned. It was decided to summon Mr. Clarke to attend, and if he refused, to con sult the Attorney-General as to the powers of the commission to enforce the attendance of witnesses. The commission went into the discussion with olosed doors on the question Sof remuneration of its members, a letter from the Premier being the cause of the disncussion. The commission then proceeded to take evi dence. The first witness was Mr. R. H. Mills, audit officer, who said that the Go vernment auditors only audited the books of the local authorities to see that the endow ment was paid only in proportion to the re venue collected, and did not audit the erpenditure. The resolutions directing attentim to the impediments which the Legislative Council have placed in the way of progressive legis lation which were passed at the May Day celebration in Melbourne were presented to the Premier on Thursday. Mr. Turner re plied that in all great reforms it was found difficult to carry them .t the first attempt. The Government would submit the bills again, and if the Council again rejected them the Government would then take into con sideration what steps should be taken. Samuel Parker, who was recently arrested at Esperance for embezzlement in Perth, has been discharged owing to the prosencutor having left the colony. He has, however, been re- arrested, charged with having ab sconded from Dubbo, New louth Wales, after being sentenced to three months for em bezzlement. He was remanded for a month pending the arrival of a policeman from ubbo. In the South Australian Supreme Court on Thursday William Killicoat, a sheep farmer, formerly resident in the Burra district, com menced an action against the National Bank of Auntralia, claiming £3554 damages. Plaintiff mortgaged certain allotments of land to the defendant bank as security for £6098 advanced to him, and it was alleged that the bank seized and sold the land mort gaged to it in 1895, and removed the entire stock. Plaintiff complained that the bank refused to give him an account of the sale of the property: that excessive amounts had been claimedfor aiiotioneer's commission and other charges e th'it they had seized an ex cessive number of sheep for the amount of money owing ; and that they had negligently removed the sheep to the saloyards, and had conducted the sale in a careless manner. The evidencesbeing voluminous, the case is not likely tobe concluded for some time. At the Adelaide Police Court on Thursday a man named A. Rudd was charged with un lawfully disguising himself with a piece of white cloth, and was therefore deemed to be idle and disorderly. On the night of May 6 Thomas Meddel was on his way home, when he noticed a figure in white emerging from the Weleyan Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, "Thomas Meddel, I claim you." He answered, "'Take me then," and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost "colosed" with him, and in the souffle the sheet was disarranged, and Med dal identified Rudd. The defendant was fined 10s and costs, £4 6s in all. A man named Hugh H. Barrott was com mitted for trial at the Mount Gambier Police Court on Thursday on a charge of having embezzled £170, the moneys of the Mohnt Gambier Building Society, of which he was secretary. Barrott was also charged with having failed to enter in the society's books £160, received from F. R. Sohelegal, with intent to defraud, and was committed for trial. Sir Benjamin Ward Richardson, M.D., F.R.S., has ready for immediate publication a new volume entitled "Biological Experi mentation, its Function and Limits," dealing with the much-vexed question of experi mentation on living animals. It is written in a popular style, and takes the form of a reply to nine questions propounded by the committee of the Leigh-Browne Trust. These questions boar on the utility of experi ment, the discovery anrc3thesia, the limits of painless researob, cause of disease and treatments, erroneous methods of research, instruction by experiments, a school of pre ventive medicine, &c.; As an original in vestigator and experimenter, and also as an advanced thinker on moral questions, Sir Benjamin has a double claim to be heard, and it is likely that his views, which are not usuatlly quite orthodox, will give rise to some controversy. The publishers will be Messrs. George Bell and Sons. Messrs. George Bell and Sons, of York street, Covent Garden, write:-We shall be much obliged if, in the interests of Messrs. Merriam, of Springfield, Mass., U.S.A., who are the proprietors of Webster's Diotionaries, you will kindly give publicity to the follow ing faots, which experience has shown us are not olearly understood. .Messrs. Merriam have appointed us their agents for Europe, India, and certain English colonies, but not for Australasia. Their agent is Mr. E. T. Forbes, of 40 Hunter-street, Sydney, to whom communications should be addresEed, and all orders should be sent. If you cannot obtain " Myfa Tea" in your distriot write to D. Mitohell and Co., Clarence.street, Sydney, who will arrange for a sunpply at once through local storekeepers. 