CONSECRATION OF A T PRELATE. : THE BISHOP OP POKT AUGUSTA^. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. It is only at long intervals that a ceremony1 so impressive as the consecration of a new bishop is to be witnessed in Adelaide, anoL it is therefore not surprising that the Catholio Cathedral was crowded to its fullest capacity on Sunday morning when the Very Rev. Father James Maher was inducted into his office as Bishop of Port Augusta. The cere mony was a great success, with its solemn ritual, its beautiful music, its splendid robes, and that' completeness of detail which dis tinguishes the functions of the Catholio Church. Besides a host of minor ecclesiastics ./in, «imocui-»siua was aircnueu uy suo Archbishop of Adelaide, and the Bishop of Sale, Ballarat and, Sandhurst. The ceremony was of great length, as it lasted, including tho sermon of the Rev. Father Dietel, from 11 in the morning until a quarter to 3 in the after noon. To those who were present it was verjr clear that Bishop Maher will make a digni fied as well as able and popular administrator of the great diocese which the holy father has confided to his care. When stationed ab Pokina Father Maher won golden opinions, among the Catholics of the north, and there is no question that his selection is heartily welcomed throughout his .new see; Tha Venerable Bishop of Sale (Dr. Corbett} acted as consecrating bishop, and his fine voice was heard to great advantage. The* bishop-elect ha3 recently made a retreat at the- Passionists' House, Glen Osmond, and he and the consecrating bishop fasted on the day previous to the ceremony. The Archbishop of Adelaide qccupied the throne to the right of the altar, but did not take any active part in the proceedings. The ceremony was a most impressive one, whether as regarded in its outward form or in its inward significance, and the special choir thrilled the hearts of all present when the voices Bank low in tha appeals of the 'Miserere' or pealed forth in the joyful strains of the 'Te Deum.' The ceremonial in front of the altar, although very ihtriciate to the onlooker, proceeded with the utmost regularity from ths litany of the saints until the important act was reached of anointing the head of the new bishop, and the handing to him of the pastoral staff and the ring, emblematic of the union between the prelate and the church. Later on he presented to the consecrating bishop bread and wine, as the essentials of life, and two lighted candles, typifying the mystia sacrifice which the new bishop makes of him self to the service of his flock. Finally tha Bishop of Port Augusta went through the congregation, supported on either sjde by two brother prelates, and distributed his blessing', among those present, who rose reverently ta ? receive him. THE NEW BISHOP'S CAREER. Dr. Maher was bom in the parish of Bally* neil, the county of Tipperary in 1842, and was educated at Mount Mellary and the Water* ford Ecclesiastical College. After his ordina tion in 1SG8 he came to South Australia,, and for a time was engaged in teaching' the Catholic youth at North Adelaide. He was next stationed in the north, and has resided at Pekina for about 17 years. When. Dr. O'Reily, the present Archbishop of Ade laide, was appointed to the bishopric of Port Augusta be made Father Maher a pastor irre movable, and subsequently selected him as one of the ccnsultors of the diocese. When his grace removed to the city he con ferred upon Father Maher the honor of administrator of the diocese and vicar-general, and the Holy See on being communicated ratified this. When a poll of the clergy of tho diocese of Port Augusta was taken some months ago two able and popular gentlemen were* nominated— the Very Rev. Dean Ryan, of Mount Gambier, and the Very Rev. Father Maher. The former was nominated Diguissi niuss and the latter Dignion. Father Maher was looked upon as the one most likely to obtain the positionr and the Sacred College of tha Propaganda were no doubt impressed by his long residence amongst the people of the north, his intimate knowledge of the wants of the Catholic community in that part of tha colony, and his great scholarly attainments. That Dr. Mailer's selection is a popular one is incontrovertible, and to quote the words of tha archbishop, it deserves to be so. 'I know him- to be much respected and admired,' said his grace, ' and with the proverbial love foe old faces the Catholics of the north will wel come his accession to power.' Dr. Matter's great administrative and business ability have been, recognised over and over again by Dr. O'Reily, and. to him his grace attributes the* success which attended the campaign which; was instituted in the north to reduce the heavy debt on the Port Augusta diocese. 'It was he,' said his grace, 'who thought of that and gave shape to the- plan in accordance with, which the system of district collections was undertaken and carried through.' THE CONSDCBATTON. The ringing of the vestry bell shortly afteiJ 11 o'clock announced the formation of tho procession of prelates and priests, who filed into the sanctuary with 'stately step and slow.' First came the joint masters- of cere monies (Fathers Cosgrave and McE'voy), then the crossbearer and acolytes, and after them, the following priests :— The Rev. Fathers Cleary, Carroll, Norton, O'Dowling, S.J.r Doyle, Delahunty, Carey, Vincent, O.P., T~ O'Neill, Williams, Comes, Martin, and Healy, ^ There would have been a larger attendance of the clergy, but they found it inconvenient to get away from their parishes. Aftec the priests marched the Bishops of Ballarat and Sandhurst, and then came the bishop elect of Fort Augusta and the ^con secrating prelate of tlie day, the Bishop of Sale, who was attended by Fathers Hurley and Murphy, the deacon and subdeacon of tha mass, and Archdeacon Russell, who- was tha assistant priest at. the altar. Shortly after* wards his grace the archbishop, wearing tha* pallium, arrived, and was assisted to the throne by the Very Rev. Archprieat Nevin and Eather Delahunty. When the consecrating bishop and the bishop-elect, with his two assistant bishops, were vested, th«y took their places in front of the high, altar. Tho consecrating prelate sat before the centre altar, and the bishop-elect and his assistant- bishops having saluted him they tooktheirseats. The&enior; assistant bishop then addressed the consecrating bishop as fol lows: — 'Most Reverend father, Holy Mother the Catholic Church requests that you raise the priest here present to tne burthen of the episcopacy^ ffhe consecrating bishop asked, 'Have, yon the apostolic mandate?' The papal brief was accordingly produced, and Father Norton read it aloud, after which tbebiishop-elect knelt and took the oath of fealty to the church and the sovereign pontiff. What is called the exami nation of the bishop-elect then took place, and he promised to teach his people by word and example the doctrine of Holy Scripture and the traditions of the church. This examina tion has been commanded by the Holy Father in order that he who is chosen for the rank of a bishop be first diligently queried concerning the faith of the Holy Trinity and be interrogated upon the morals which are be , fitting such government and are necessary to be kept up according to the sayiug of the apostle—' Be thou not hasty in consecrating any man,' and for this purpose also — ' That he who is about to be ordained may be in structed how he is bound to demean himself when established in this rule within the church of God, and, lastly, in order that they who gave the consecrating imposition of hands may also be irreprebensible.' Some of the questions put to the bishop- elect were : — ' Wilt thou by word and example teach the flocks for whom thou art to be ordained in that which thou understandest from Holy Scripture?' to which he answered 'I will.' 'Wilt tbou uniformly render to Peter, the blessed apostle, to whom was given by God the favor of binding and loosing, and to his vicar, Leo XIII., the present Pope, and to his successors, bishops of Rome, faith, subjection, and obedience according as thecanons enjoin?' — 'I will.' 'Wilt thou for the sake of the -Lord be easy of access and pitiful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all that are in need V — .'I will.' The aseistant-bishop then led the bishop elect to the consecrating bishop, whose hand he kissed, and the latter begun the celebration of solemn high mass at the high altar. Meanwhile the bishop-elect proceeded to St. Joseph's altar, where he was vested in the pontifical vestments for mass, and he also began the offering of tbe Holy Sacrifice. After the ' gradual ' the consecrating bishop ?went to his seat, and the bishop-elect was led to him. - The former said : — '*'It is the archbishop's office to judge, to in terpret Scripture, to consecrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm.' All knelt, and the bishop-elect prostrated him self upon the ground while the iitanie3 were being sung by Fathers Norton and O'Dowling, who were assisted by the choir; 'Te Veni Creator' also being intoned. At the conclusion of the hymn all rose. The consecrating prelate then placed the Book of Gospels upon the shoulders of the Jnshop-eleetand both consecrating and assistant bishops placed their handsupon his head saying, *' Receive the Holy Ghost.' Certain prayers having been said, the consecrating bishop annointed with chrism the head of the bishop Select, saying, ' Be thy head annointed and .consecrated in the order of high priest by heavenly benediction in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The hands were also anointed, and ?were bound with linen bands while the pas toral staff and riup were blessed and given to the new bishop. The Book of Gospeis was handed to him and he was commanded to preach to his people. He was given the kiss of peace, and the mass ?proceeded as far as the offertory inclu sive. The newly -consecrated bishop theu made the offertory to the consecrating prelate, and both continued the mass ou the one altar. After the blessing the initre was placed upon the head of the new bishop, who was then enthroned, and while accompanied by the assistant bishops lie wont through the church 'blessing the people the ' Te Deutn' was sang. When the hymn was finished Bishop Maher gave his solemn blessing from the altar. Afterwards he thrice bent the knee to the .consecrating bishop, singing each time 'Ad ?inultos annos.' This -closed the proceedings. THE MUSICAL SERVICE. Special interest was centred in the musical ?portion of the service. A choir, com nrised of members of the Royal Comic Opera Company gave Mercad ante's magnificent mass in B flat, which was composed for male voices only, and seldom has such a grand and meritorious performance been heard in the cathedral. When the Opera Company were here last year only a portion of the work was rendered, sind then it was found that the high pitch in which the mass ?was written placed too exeat a tax upon the vocalists, and on this occasion ifc^was deemed expedient to reduce it half a tone, thus bringing it more in consonance with the range of the singers. . The mass bears the imprint of genius on every page, .and is certainly one of the finest of its kind extant. It is very florid music, and in parts is strikingly dramatic, but witiial there is that devotional strain running through the work which capti vates the ear and illustrates the bent of the composer's mind. Skilfully as Mr. Charles Beetliam accompanied on the wretched and decrepit organ the instrument was totally incapable of assisting the performers and while in the piano passages Mr. Beetham extracted fair music from it in the forte move ments, the chorus completely drowned it. A few instruments with drum effects would have enhanced the beauty of the composition, espe cially in the grand parts to be found in the Gloria and Credo. Worshippers at the cathedral do not often have the pleasure of tearing such an evenly balanced choir as sang ? yesterday, for the tenors are usually so weak that the deeper voices usually overpower them. The tenors and basses on this occasion were fairly equalised, with the result that in the full choral parts splendid effects combined with rich harmony were produced. The mass is replete with trios, duets, and con certed number^ all of which are rich in melody and really require professional or ex perienced singers to interpret them properly. It is needless to say that the members of the Opera Company did full justice to tbe splendid music. The Et incarnatus'1 in the Credo always affords composers an opportunity of displaying their skill in solemn music, and the one written by Meroa dante is wonderfully conceived. It is set for three voices, and as sung by Messrs. Neillson, Balfour, and Luslie it was a treat to listen to. The subsequent 'Crucifixus' and 'Et unum sanctum' were exceedingly dramatic and fairly tested tbe power of the chorus. Though Mr. Neillson has sung at different times in the Cathedral and under different circumstances he has never been heard to such advantage as on Sunday, Being in excellent voice he gave his solos with true artistic feeling, .ind evidently had care fully studied the hidden moaning of the Latin phrases he had to interpret. His use of the mezzo voce in 'Passus est' in the Credo was cleverly done, and in the duets and trios in which he took .part iua voice blended admirably with the others. In the -Benedibtus Mr. Stannis Leslie's power ful basso reverberated through the building, his singing being characterised by pathos and devotional sympathy so essential to the true interpretation of this number. The others taking part were— Tenors, Messrs. Bosevear, Beaumont, Behan, Keiley, and Balfour ; bassos, Messrs. Bnggs, Ambrose, Bathurst, and Toung. Mr. Sydney Deane officiated as conductor and was a conspicuous success. The members of tbe opera were entertained in the Sisters' of Mercy schoolroom at the close of the service, and the archbishop personally thanked them for their services and heartily congratulated them on their -fine performance. THE SEKMON. At the close of the ceremony th'e Rev. Father Dietel, S. J., of Norwood, preached a short but very eloquent aermon from Acts xiii. He pointed out that tbe consecration of a bishop must take place either on a Sunday or the feast of an apostle, because it was the duty of a bishop to follow in the footsteps of the Apostles. At least three bishops must be present at a consecration to offer up their prayers for the bishop- elect. The latter had to answer 17 questions referring to tbe canons of the church and to the orthodox faith. This examination was in accordance with the in junction of St. Paul in the Epistle to Timothy. While the litany of the saints was chanted the bishop-elect lay prostrate, typical of the fulness of the self-sacrificing life and humility which should inspire him. At the end of the litany the book of the gospel was placed over the neck and shoulders of the bishop-elect to snow that be was to be the keeper of the faith deposited in his trust. The consecrating bishop and the assisting bishops touched tbe head of the bishop-elect, saying, ' Receive thou the Holy Ghost,' and the anoint ins: with the holy chrism followed. This was a mixture of oil and balsam, the oil signifying purity of conscience and the balsam the sweet odor of a good name. The crozier, which was then handed to him, was the emblem of his pastoral office, and the ring was the emblem of his priestly office and of the union between the bishop and his church, just as the book of the gospel was the emblem of his teaching office. The new bishop was then saluted by each of the other bishops present and received the kiss of peace. When he presented to the conse crator tbe bread and wine they were typical of the essentials of life, while the wax candles were the mystic representation of the sacrifice which the bishop made of himself to the church. The consecrating bishop then placed upon his head the mitre, whose shape was emblematic of the two testaments, and the crozier being placed in his hand he was led through the church to impart his blessing to the faithful people. The preacher impressed on his audience the spiritual significance of the ceremony they had just witnessed. VESPEHS. The cathedral was crowded in the evening at Vespers which were chanted-by a full chojr, His Grace the Arch bishop occupied the throne, and at the St. Joseph's side of the sanctuary the Bishops of Sale, Sandhurst, and Ballarat, wearing thr-ir gorgeous robes, wero seated. The Bishop of Port Augusta was afforded the privilege of giving the benediction of the Blessed Sacrament for the first time since his consecration, and he was assisted by Fathers Norton and O'Dowling as deacon find sub deacon respectively. The high altar was again magnificently decorated by the Sisters of Mercy, and at the bound iclion it was made resplendent with candelabra. The Very Rov. Father Vincent (Provincial of the Passionist Order in Australia) delivered an excellent discourse on the Feast of St. Joseph which the church that day had celebrated, and also made reference to the consecration of Dr. Mahurfor whom he asked the prayers and sympathies of his people to guide him in the responsible oflice he had undertaken to perform. The 'Regiua cc^li' which is proper to the dav was sung by the choir, after which Mr. E. J. Ho^on sang the 'Ave veruin' with good taste and expression, Messrs. Bob an and Eriggs, of the Opera Company, also rendered a 'Tan turn ergo,' by Nava, the instructor of Charles Santley, the famous English baritone, and the vocalists infused great feeling- into the number. The liymn was presented by the Mother Superior of the Sisters of Mercy to Mr. Behan. PRESENTATIONS FROM PORT AUGUSTA. On Friday wet-k several of the clergy of the Port Augusta diocese, including the Rev. Fathers W. O'Dowling, S.J., J. H. Norton, R. Doyle, and P. Cleary, with eoine of the priests of the archdiocese, assembled at West terrace to meet their new bishop, when ad dresses were presented to Father Maher from the clergv and the laity. Father O'Dowling, S.J., who rpad the address from the priests, also on their behalf presented to the recipient of the addresses a handsome gold pectoral cross, and chain— emblems of the bishop's ofiice. The work was splendidly done at Brunkhorst's, Rundle-street. The addresses and replies are as follow : — To liis Lordship the Right Rev. James Maher, D.D., Bishop of Port Augusta. Beloved Father in Christ and Lord— We, the clergy, secular and regular, of the diocese of Port Augusta, affec tionately and familiarly unite on this the eve of your episcopal consecration to offer you our warmest and most cordial congratulations, and to testify our mutual joy and righteous pride that our Holy Father Leo XIII. lus so sinpulariy selected you from our ranks to fill the exalted office of second bishop of the see. When the diocese became vacant and we were deprived of the kindly and paternal guidance of the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily by his translation to the more important archicpiscopal see of Adelaide, we felt our loss very keenly. But when we remember that you were truly his Fidus Ach&tes;, and to you tvere entrusted the duties of the vicar-generalship, and nftcnvards to your prudent care was committed Hie still more responsible }-ost of administrator, we feel that our lot is now a happy one, and we assure you that your appointment gives us profound satisfaction. Each of ua n»ay gladly soy — ' Funes ceeiderunt mihi in praecluris : ctenim haercditas men praeclnra est milii.'— ! salrus, vx., -3. We have every reason to believe, as we hope, that your reign will be blessed by Divine Providence with most abundant fruils; mill inasmuch as the needs and responsibilities, as well as the utmost capabilities of the diocese are already bo well known to you, ive are quite confident its pastoral jurisdiction will be in wise and able hands. Although gigantic work has been no om plishcd in the post under our late beloved bishop, yet much remains to be done for the finul liquida tion of the diocesan liabilities, the grneral ad vancement of religion, and the union in closer and more organised bonds of the Catholic body for the securing of our just claims on the education ques tion. In earnestly seeking to attain these desirable ends we pledge ourselves to co-operate with your lordship in as zealous and devoted a way as our human frailty, aided by Divine grace, can ell'ect. As a tribute of our affectionate aitaohiutnl and priestly esteem, we beg you to accept the pectoral cross and chain— some of the insignia of your office — which it is our privilege to present to you. Wishing you many years of health and happiness, and praying our good and merciful .God to bless your episcopal labors, we. are, your -devoted fellow workers in the Lord's vine yard, the priests of the diocese of Fort Augusta. April 25, 1896. Here follow 14 signatures. In reply Father Maher Baid:— Very Eev. and Eev. Fathers— It is a source of very special pleasure to me to receive thra kind address from you, my fellow-laborers in the diocese, to which you and I have long been so fondly attached. The ties which united ua together heretofore as brother-priests and feUow ' dispensers of the mysteries of God' were surely eacred, firm, and strong. As the royal psalmist says : — ' Qui simul mecum dulces capiebas cibos: in domo Dei ambulavimus cum eonsersu.' (Ps. liv., 15.) But- those ties which bind us are still more closely knit now that I, bo unworthy, am called upon by the grace of God and favor of the Apostolic See to preside over you with whom 1 fain would nave remained on an equality. You must be quite aware that personally I had no wish for the responsible position which has been placed upon me. But when appointed by the Vicar of Christ and the Successor of St. Peter I felt itself constrained at once to obey; and hence, no matter what were my own sentiments and however intimate was the knowledge of my own unworthiness, I accepted the office to which I humbly presume I am now called by God. Your affectionate word9 therefore con firm me in this consideration, and the courage thereby engendered is a happy omen that our relations as priests and bishop, begun bo cor dially, with God's blessing, will cause my duties, in spite of many frailties and your labors, always full of sacrifice, to be pleasant and fruitful. I am heart and soul with you when you declare that we all keenly deplored the loss to the diocese of our late beloved bishop the Most Rev. Dr. O'Reily, who now with such zeal and Belf-sacrifice, so characteristic of the man, successfully rules the affairs of the archdiocese. None, indeed, felt his translation more deeply than I. To him also we must all be ever grateful, that with our Lord's helping grace he bequeathed to us a splendid legacy, the vivid memory of his many good works and untiring labors in the interests of the diocease generally, and especially the efforts made and the signal success achieved in the liquidation of its liabilities. In very truth, as you so touchingly note, 'the lines are fallen unto us in goodly places, and our inheritance is a goodly one.' Not that any merit is especially mine as due to my past official connections with the see, as you in such laudatory terms infer, but that the happy issue is the result of the thorough unanimity which existed between the bishop, priests, and people. It is especially gratifying to me to find you pledging yourselv,es to co-operate with, me in the future government of the diocese, and promising to second in heart and deed every act of mine for the welfare and advancement of religion and the salvation of souls. Of this I required no assurance on your part ; on that score no misgiving occupied my thoughts. Be assured that no efforts will be spared on my side, as far as God gives me strength, to bring about the bappy issue which you and I mutually long for and hope by our united wisdom and energy to attain. I am deeply grateful to you for your valued address and for the beautiful presentation with which it is accompanied. The cross will constantly serve to remind me of our divine Master who died for us, and whose ministers we are ; while the chain by its many united links in one harmonious whole will be a fitting emblem of the lasting and friendly union which I trust will ever continue to exist between the bishop, priests, aud people of the diocese. Hence I accept them most thankfully, very rev. aud rev. fathers, and with you 1 beseech our heavenly Father to grant us all to be ever faitiiful to our high vocation, indefatigable in the works of our holy ministry and tc walk always bo as to be worthy hereafter to receive the crown of eternal life. The address from the laity reads thus :— Right Rev. James Maher, D.D., by the grace of God aiid favor o£ the Apostolic See Bishop of Port Augusta. My Lord— We, the undersigned, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta, venture to approach your lordship on Uiis 6olemn occasion of your consecration as Bishop of Port Augusta to tender you our heartfelt congratulations to assure you of our attachment to your person and our devotedness to the cause you represent. On ihc feast of Saints Philip and Jameb— just eight year; a^o today— your predecessor, the lh\3t Uishop of Port Augusta, now Archbishop of Adelaide, was consecrated in St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. His advent amongst us was hailed, as well it Ehould be, with delight. Owing to the then slate of the diocese U.e labors which were imposed on him, and which were inseparable from Irs high and holy office, proved tote most arduous ; the monetary diiiiculties with which he had to contend were simply enormous, and the obstacles wilh which he was confronted seemed almost insur mountable. Yet, with the help of the Almighty tlod and the co-operation of a zealous clergy' 'mil a generous people, all difficulties speedily Vanished. A new order of things soon prevailed, to the gain of religion and the satisfaction of ourselves- ami our northern co-religionists. But why do we make mention of those tliincs to ycur lordship, who, in your capacity of vicar-general of ihc diocese, knew thim better thau we did, and remem bers them as well as we do? Because it was your lordship, with that wisdom wilh which you are endowed from on high, who pointed out t.ie best course to pursue to bring about such a de sirable change in the state of affairs. Be. ause it was you who by your noble example stimu lated both priests and people to make persistent efforts to attain the end held up to our view and so dear to your heart and the heart ol your prede cessor. These are but a few of the many reasons which can be assigned for reverting to the past history of the diocese, and few though they be they go far to prove ycur fitness for the sublime dignity to which you are raised and the wisdom of the Sovereign Pontiff in selecting you for it. A little more than 20 years aijo you, as a young priest, came to South Australia. During those many years you have ministered to the faithful in many parts of the province. Your zeal and great labors for the glory of God and the welfare of souls have been blessed with abundant fruit. Your nianj virtues have endeared you to all with whom you have come in contact, and your able administration of the diocese during the interregnum has been fittingly crowned by your elevation to Hie plenitude of the eacerdoial oflice. One thing yet remains. Life is but a weary pilgrimage. The attainment of the end for which we were created is the one thing above all to be desired and striven for. ilay it then be the happy lot of your lordship and of the flock entrusted to your pastoral care to enter the porlals of eternal glory and to sing the praises of God for all eternity. Begging; your blessing:. Here follow eight signatures. Father Maher replied :— My Dear Friends — The kind congratulations which, on behalf of the Catholic laity of Port Augusta,' you offer me on this happy diiy reveal au earnest spirit of goodwill towards me, aud are a mani fest pledge of a true Catholic faith in and devo tion to the sacred charge- whieh I now hold. The beautiful address, through which your expressions of esteem are convoyed, is a welcome message from the cathedra,! city of the diocese. I accept it therefore with much pleasure, inasmuch as it encourages me to undertake the heavy burthen of the episcopal ofiice with, a lighter heart. It will serve to remind me in the future— during whatever time God's merciful care may Bpare me— of some of the pleasing circumstances connected ?with tiiis joyous occasion, and, let us hope, nerve me to greater zeal in the work of the holy ministry. You make reference to my illustrious predecessor, the venerated Arch bishop of Adelaide and to his providential appointment and consecration' as the first bisnop of the Bee. You call to mind the feelings of joy excited by his coming amongst us nigh eight years ago. You accentuate these gladsome remembrances by a brief review of that instructive chapter in our history which contains the narrative of the heroic struggle and unwearied labors undertaken by his Grace Dr. O'Reily for the liquidation of the debts then burthening the diocese, and especially those of the cathedral parish. The happy contrast supplied by the comparison of .the opening and the closing paces of that period is a matter of mutual satisfaction and just pride to us all. To the magnetic influence, generous spirit, and self-denying exertions of Dr. O'Reily the initiation and the final success of the entire movement are solely due. But when you, my friends, in your exuberant good nature would fain seek to emphasise your greetings by giving me praise far above my deserts for any success achieved in that mar vellous work X must disclaim such honor, knowing that I was but a unit in the fray. The attainment of our anxious desires is to be attributed under God's blessing chiefly to our late beloved bishop, as I have already indi cated, and then, as you rightly point out to the generous Catholic spirit and singular unanimity which animated both clergy and people in every part of the diocese. God grant that the same f-olid aud binding ties — unity of purpose, which our holy faith inspires, and.generosity of spirit, which is the fruit of Christian hope and charity —may firmly knit us together in the future as the past May the many religiouB works which still claim our zeal and sympathy find response as promtkt, active, and efficacious as charac terised the early efforts made in the diocese in the interests of religion. Your felicitations end with a pious and salutary thought. Life is, you truly declare, but a weary pilgrimage. It is, too, a constant warfare amid the exile. Whatever span God graciously allots us in this vale of . tears should therefore be carefully spent in seeking our final end — ' the one thiner necessary.' (Luke x., 42.) Time flies quickly and when past 'tis gone for ever ; it leaves no trace behind. In the pursuit of the only noble, the one blessed business of saving our souls let us not halt nor falte,r by the way. Day by day, let us all, bishop, priests, and people, fight and strive to know, love, and serve our God, so as to come to enjoy Him hereafter in a happy eternity. 'The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost be with you alL Amen.' ( II. Corin thians xiii., 13.) 