THE HAUNTED CHIMNEY. " If the signorino will take my advice, ho will not Bleep in this room." 44 Aud why should I not sleep in this room, Antonio ? " The fellow shrugged bis shoulders, looked about him mysteriously, then, coming » step nearer, began in a low voice s 41 Because—" " What are you chatting about, you im becile? " the landlord's voice broke in, as at this moment ho appeared at tho door. The servant drew back, aud though ho held his tongue, the expression of his face did uot change, 44 The signer will doubtless wish to refresh himsolf with a good night's rest, after his long journey," the laudlord remarked to mc, in the obsequious tone of his class ; then, turning im patiently to tbo servant again, he continued, " And you stand here doing nothing, and by your idle gossip keep our guest from sleeping." "lb is not I woo will keep him from sleep ing," muttered Antonio, as bo proceeded to nnfnsten tho straps of my portmanteau. " Baasta, enough !' exclaimed his maBtor, angrily ; then to mc, in quite a 'suave manner, 44 1 wish you a good night's repose," adding insinuatingly, you will not have allowed your mind to bo perturbed by this fallow's idle chatter ?" " Oh, oo !" I answered shortly. I was cross, und too slet py to heed the uneasy muuner of tho landlord, or the timid, deprecating glances of thu survant. 44 Good night," I added, by way of a hint that I wished to be nlone. " Good night, and may your ruposo be tranquil !" sayiug which, wine host bowed himself out of the room. " Your servant, sir !" and Antonio mado an obeisance, then, passing close by mo, as bo hurried to the door, where bis master awaited him with visible impatience ho managed to whisper, n See that tho . firo-board is fastened tight, and keep your candle burning. 1 nm at the end of the ball !" I was a bit startled by this mysterious advice, though to proud to betray my sudden pertur bation by demauding au explanation then and there. At that time I was an aspiring young art student, and- bad come to paso a few weeks in Veuice, whore nlone, of all the cities in Italy, does the wonderful colouriug of tho skies en trance tho painter's soul, Hnd seem to defy his palotto. It wns not my lirat visit to the "Queon of tho Adriatic," nor to thin querr old itm. It was a tumblo down building, whioh oonturius beforo hud boon a palucu— as iho dwellings of the Italian nobility aro called ; but tho ages had come and gone, und tho last scion of tbo race which hnd formerly claimed this among Its uumerous residences had long, hiuco passed awuy. Owing to tho fact tlmt it was flituatod on a small canal at some distance from the grand canal, it escaped general notice. To ascend to tho apartments which nt present constituted tho hostelry, ono bud to pass under tho great arched doorway, through tbo empty space beyond to tho stairs, which led up to the second Hour. Hut u, some of the palatial rooms hurl beon partitioned off into small apartments. On tho occaaion of my prescut visit the house was full, aud thus onu of the lurge rooms, uudisturbed by niuetcnth century carpenter and tnnson, was assigned to me. It whs barn aud lofty ; its two windows, sevornl feet from thu the ground- reached by flights of three steps- looked out on the narrow strip of water below. At this hour tlioy wcro barred by heavy wooden shutters, while faded hangings draped Lhcm, and gavo a strange, ulmost weird aspect to the deep recesses above the little stone steps. Between tho windows stood a marble console, over which hung an oblong mirror in a tarnished gilt frame. On ono side of the room was tbo high, narrow bed, with canopy and curtains liko those at tho wiudows; and nt its loft was the priedicu; on t-horight, thu uight table. Chairs wore placed stiflly against the wall, around tho room. At the further end of this vast apartment, and facing the bud, was tho huge fireplace, which luoked black and fathomless as n cavern, by tho dim light which the candle shed throughout the room. Over this buug a strip of faded damask, like tho other draperies in texture and design ; it partially concealed the llrobourd, which bad been removed from its accustomed place and placed on ono side. 1 stood for a moment listening to the retreat ing footsteps, with a curiously uuensy feeling creeping over me as presently tboy ceased and til1 was fitill. I took up the candle und pro- i o ded to make a cluso survey of thu room. I tii d thu various duora aud windows, Undiug them all securely fastened ; opuuuel thu cum bersome wardrobe, and— let mo confess it— aotually looked under tho bed. Finally, I stoopud nnd gazed into tho sombro depths otthe ancient fireplace, aud as I did so, my light flickered. I wont back to tho tuble, and, putting down tho oandle, oponod my portmanteau aud bogau to tako out the nccussury articles. I debated n little whether or no to put out the light, a vague sonso of uueusiness oppressing ine which I was nshnmcd to acknowledge, oveu to mysolf, then— but I left it burning. i Toll iuto en uneasy sloop, tbo result of fatigue and a luto supper, perhaps. I wns awukmied suddenly by tbo sound of a heavy fall, followed by a duuth-liko silence. I sutup in bod and looked round tho room, wondering sleepily why my candle was still burning, oud was about to blow it out, wben Antonio's mys terious advico carau back to ma Again 1 fell asleep, for how long I cannot say, when ouco moro I wus aroused by tho noise of a dull thud, Minh as tho falling of a body would make. But this time, iuatead of utter silence— which before hud first startled me snd tbcu sorved to quiet my fears— a moan fell upon tho air. ' I sprang from tbo bed, aud, grasping the candlestick, iu which the candle was fast burn- iug in its socket, I started across the room, to investigate, if possible, this strange sound. Five minutes later I was back iu bed again, and, inclined to reproach my silly fears, I turned over, aiul soou fell into a more restful slumber. It seems to mo, as I recall tbo happenings of that night, alter the lapse of many years that I could scurcoly have closed my eyes when still again, 1 wus uwtikenud, this time by somethiug rolling down the chimney then fulling heuvily upon tho marble hearth. Tlio cuudlo flickered, aud boforo I had timo to recover myself, shot up ono feeble flume and went out. At thut instant tho distant bells of San Marco— nt least, I fancied 'twas tboy— chimed the hour of tbruo Tho lovely summor dawn must bo breaking tho cloudless Venetian skies ; but the barred casoinonts kopt out even a possible ray of light. I felt round ovor tho cold uinrblo top of tho littlo table at my bedside for tbo matches, aad just as I found ouo a deep groan fell upon my qar, aud for a moment my band trembledso that I could not strike it. At longtb I hail it lighted only to discover that tlio other candle was on the centre table. The IHtlo wax light was burning quickly in my baud, and would barely last to get mo across the room. 1 stopped hastily to tho floor, and moved over to where the unlighted candle stood Tho illumination which this fresh ono gave was dim and wavering but holding it steady until I fclt-sure that it would not go out, 1 walked over to thn U re place, stopping suddenly short as I stood within a few feet of it. My h&nd; shook so that I oould scurcoly hold the ligbt, while it scumod to mo that tho loud bcathig of my heart must drown every other sound. For a moment I could uot got my breath there, as I fetched a long gasping sigh. I could feel the cold perspiration running down my back. Just in' front of tho great chimney, with wide open eyes fastened upon me, lay a man's bend, severed from be body, and with the' blood flowing freshly from the neck, I pulled mysair together, trying, os best 1 could, to take iu the situation. Had a murder been committed then and there, snd whore was the body ? 1 stepped closor and closor, fascina ted by the horror of tbo great, staring eyes, which soomud to draw me on, when, suddenly, 1 found myself looking into empty space. Tho head had disappeared ! I dropped on my knees, and still grasping the candlestick tightly crept up to the gaping mouth of the fireplace, some unknown but irresistible power foroing m© ou until I was on the spot where, a moment before that ghastly head had lain. I leaned forward to peer into tho ohimuev, moving my candle a little to throw a Btronger light upon tbo opening, when a gust extinguished it, and in the darkucss which fol lowed the silence was broken only by a suc cession of low moans, which gradually died upon then air. The candlestick foil from my now nerveless band, and I could bear it rolling away beyond my roach. I oponed my mouth to cull, but not a sound issued from my parched throat. 1 made a last superhuman effort to free myself from tho horrible fear whioh was fust overpowering me. Struggling to uiy feet, I managed tost?g&©r toward wkvro I believed the windows wore, only to sink upon the stone steps, quaking with a new dread, as, even as I touched the drapery which hung beside it, a ray of light fell upon tho floor, and the figure of a man dragging a headless body appeared before my terror-Btrickcn eyes. It must have beon two hours later that I opened my eves, tu find honest Antonio bending over me. tfor a moment the ligbt pouring in from the open easement alraoat blinded me. " My God ! What was it ?" I gasped, us the good fellow, putting his arms about me, half carried mo to the bed. , He did not roply, but moved quickly back to the othor window, removed the bar, opened wido tho wooden shutters, and, picking up from tho step the oil lamp which ho had probably bad in his band when he entered the room, put it on tbo console. Then, still silent, be went toward tbo fireplace, and talcing up tho great ! flroboard put it iuto place, remarking laconi cally as be did so ; " The signorino forgot to fasten in the Qre- bonrd, it appears." With tbo light of doy pouring into tho room, and tho sweet morning air gently moving the shadows on the wall, tbB horror of the night began to disappear, and I felt my strength returning. I watched Antouio aud tried to think ; but my brain wns not in working order, and tho very effort made me dizzy. Antonio, turning from the chimnoy, looked at me, then taking up my flask from tho table, poured some of its contents into a glaBS, and bringing it to mo said t " Drink that. I will bring you your coffee in a few moments." " How did you get In ?" I asked him when he returned with the beverage. " Tho signorino askorl mo to call him at dawn, as ha wished to study sunrise effects ; so 1 enmo early to tho door. 1 know when 1 received no answer to my knocks, that some thiug bad happonud. It was not difficult to force the old lock." " Tell mo, what was it ? It was ton real to have been a nightmare. What was it, Antonio ?" " Tho signoriuo dous not know ? And yet it is an old ctory here, 'Twas the ghost of tho murdered man." "It was not a ghost at &U; 1" 1 exclaimed. " It was a head." . " Tho same thing." \ n Havo yon ever aeon it ? " God forbid !" Aud Antonio crossed him self. " I shall not pass another night in this house." "No? And only last spring, a painter, one of your compatriots, came hero from Rome, aud stayed in this very room ou purpose to see tho head. Ho went away much disappoiuteil, for it never appeared to him, though ho did hear it in thu ehimuey," By this timo 1 was drossed, but was deter mined to hear tho story before 1 left. It bad begun to dawn upon me that Autonio did not mean to tull it. " Como, Antonio," I began. At this moment my gondolier appeared at tho door. " Francesco knows it better thau I ; nnd besides," suid Autouio, " wo are uot allowed to lalk about it iu this house." Francesco wan ready enough to repeat the gruesome talc, and with ull thu dramatic fervour of his race, wont over it in detail. It wns toward the middle of the last century that Duke Uoi'olnmo do Gcrolamci lived in this, his unceutrnl home, with his two sons aud his ward, the only child of his sister. It was iutcuded that the heir to the proud old name should mnrry the fair youug cousin, and of course the wayward girl fell in love with the younger sou, who returned her pussion tenfold. But tho gusrdiaii aud uuclo laughed nt this childish folly, and calmly fixed the weddiug day. Meantime, thu hatred of ihu brothers grow. The eldor was enraged beet urn he could not win the lovo of tho woman who waB to bo his wife ; tbo younger was furious and despairing because, through this accident of birtb whioh made him the younger son, ho was denied pos session of her who alone made life worth living. It was the cva of the wedding, which was destined never to be, that their last nud fatal quarrel took plnce. It is told that Don Alessau- uro said to tho hbir— " IF I cannot have her, then you shall not 1" iu vaiu the lovely Biauca, drawn thither by their loud words, tried to atop thum, weepiug and protesting that sho, tho unhappy cause of their discussion, would kill herself if they did not oease, then and there, their strife. Her presence only added fuel to tlio llama. Thu men fought liko tigers, and whon, at length, Alessandro foil at his brother's feet, tho heir, now quite beside himself, and with the thirst of blood upon him, drew his sword across the nook, severing tbo head from the body. Only thou, us a deep gronn fell upou tho air, end for the Inst time the ayes opened ami guzod steadily at him, did the murderer realise, perhaps, his crime. With thu cunning of a uadmuu, he drugged thu headless trunk across the room, ami with a supreme effort lifted the ghastly burden aud threw it into thu narrow canal which flowed siiontly beneutb the windows. He started back to dispose of tbo head, too ; but as lie stooped to tako it up, a low moan fell upon his ear. Blunca lay as she had fallen upon the hearth, and evon as thu young Goroluniobontover hor prostrate form, breathed out her life in a long-drawn sigh. Tho head, which bo had dropped when attracted by Bhutcas moan, rollod into tho tirupluce aud disappeared. Tho hoir died soon after in a madman's chains, uud tbo childless, brokuu-henrtcd father followed him quickly to the grave. The distant heirs bad gladly disposed of the palaeo for a nominal sum, encumbered as it was by the memory of a fcurful ciimo and the bleeding head which haunted it at inturvuls. 44 Women make a groat dual of trouhl?," said Francesco, by why of conclusion. " Now, if tbo bouutiful Biunca hnd not mado the mistuke of falling in lovu with thu wroug mau !" Au expressive gesture finished the sentence. 44 It is said," bo remarked, aftor a pause, 44 that only wben tbo skull of the murdered mau can bo fouud will bis ghost ceuso to trouble tho occupants of that room. How tired," ho added naively, 44 tho head uiust he, rolling up and down tho chimney ! Almost ull bear it, fow see it. Tbo signor paiutet was ono of these," Tho gondola has stopped just opposite Shu Giorgio Maggiore, where the artists wore assembled even at this early hour, studying the ever-changing beauty of tho old church iu the soft morning light. My puucil strayed over the canvas ; but instead of thu outliuo of tho church it was that of a uuiu's bond, which, as the duy wore an, grow into the likeness of tho ouo I hadsecuthu previous night. There is nothing more to say. The story of the haunted chamber is too well known to need further proof from mu, while us to my pcrsoual experiuueo with it, I can a:l(l nothing. I have related facts as they occurred. Sceptics may laugh at my story, anil hint at nightmare and other consequences of a late supper ; I know butter. (Jne thing, remember, I did uot hear tho talo until tbo day followiug my visit from the ghost. I havo visited Vcnico many times since then ; but I havo never returned to that old palace on the littlo cnnal. 