Achieving His Ransom, , CHAPTER XXX — (Continued), I ' j w?8 ftn e*ce'ent place and Beason for prayer, i ?and with bowed head she Appealed to God for Strength tobtsar burdens greater tbanshoalone could endure j and just as s ie had said ' Amen' a rust ling of the Jeavc'B attracted her attention. Shi? listened, nnd was conscious, not of the perfect Bllence ahe had before fancied, but- of the restless activity of life by which she was surrounded. Thu air seemed alive with insectB; the quick gliding of tho serpent was audible, while from the covert of inerornst came tbe soft, mellow tones of the whip poor-will. Nature was hushed in sleep — man sleeps, butin bis sleep he dreams. Perhaps the ? atir of life in the forest was one of nature'n dreams ; the mind of'man is active when he dreams — why not all nature dream with ceaecless activity P Again she relapsed into Bilenco and reverie. Was it the shadow of an annul P Were r pirits hover r ing around her P Hark ! The distant village bell tolled the solemn hour of twelve. She dared not look up, for the beheld a shadow on the moFB. A ? cold sweat Btarted upon hor brow as, etill averting her bead, k1i« cried : ? ' Speak ! Who or what arayou P' 'Your friend,' was the answer. Flora looked up, f.,r in the sweet tones of the cloar responae she recognised notsfn muttering ot a disembodied spirit;, but the voice of Mrs. Howard. As she seated herself on the stump at Flora's cide, and turned her fane toward hor, tbo gill remarked that she was paler than UMial. Hor hand, too, which found its way into the maiden's, trembled and wan cold. She was the first to break tha silence. 'So yon thought a spirit Rtood before you when I came P I hardly know whether to feel offended --r veross. Hut,' added she, with a glowing smile, ' I think you must havo been deep in thought not to ?have Been me sooner than you did, for I stoorl by you quite a 1 -og time before you seemed cunsoiouB of my presence.' ? ' And yet,' Flora answered, ' I was conscious of .« presence long lvfore I spoke. Bur. this did not alarm me, for I am often impressed with this idea. Even the xhadow, so abstracted was I at fir^t, seemed but a dimly remembered dream. Gradually, an it appealed more strongly to my outward senses, ray inward consciousness awoke to tho reality. Then it was, when visions of the departed came crowding to my mind, that I cried, ?' Who are you P' ' 'And took mo for a plain, vulgar ghost,' re tamed Mrs. Howard, smiling and shrugging hor pretty shoulders. LI, 13 uuuurmy, rtsbuiucu J.' i«-»i 'Jf i''' Shadow, I judged the spirit to be quite refined and natural.' Mrs. Howard gently wound her arm about Flora -and whispered : 'I am pleased to find you in so much better spirits, my ? dear. Have you been encouraged by the last visit to Standish ?' 'Yea, bub I scarcely dare to allow my hopes to soar. Another fall would crush out ray lifo.' ' Your cousin will assist you P' 'Yob,' ' And iR your lover oheerful P' 'He is happy I Oh, Mrs. Howard! you never saw .suoh a man. There was never Buch another. Tho consciousness that my love remains with him through adversity maKos him bo happy that I be lieve he could laugh at the scaffold. ' ' Men know so little of women,' returned Mm. Howard, seriously. ' Ab if adversity is nob tho 'time for a « ouinn to show her strength. Aye, my child | the world will never judge our sex aright. Woman's love is stronger than man's laws, and we must soar or sink with those we love.' Hor Bpoech puzzled Flora, as many of hor re marks had done. MrB. Howard was always giving -expression to some strange philosophy with a hidden significance. After u few moments' silence tho lady said. ' Flora, I am glad I found you out hero nlono, for I have something to tell you,' ' What P' 'Wo must part soon— perhaps this vory night 1' 'Why P' 'I am going away.' ' For how long P' ' Forever.' ' Mrs. Howard, you astonish me.' 'You think me mysterious,' Baid MrB. Howard. ' My oonduob must seem unnatural ; but tho truth is, I am so contented now I am almost happy.' 'What do you moan P' asked Flora. '''??«5^f'My'doar, it will all soon bo ovor, and your poor friend who hnB borne in socrotBUoh dreadful things will bo nb peace. But don't ABk mo to oxplain now t I oannot.' Thon looking steadily at Flora for a . fow momenta, sho added ! ' Solemnly promise mo to sny nothing about thiB mooting, what hns boon said or will ho said, for a week at leaBt.' Flora promised, and sho thon said that a day's silonao would probably be sufficient, as sho would thon be far from Newburg. ' Now, my dear friond,' oontinuod the mysterious l-idy, 'you mutSb not havo too bad an opinion of us. All that you havo seon of ua appears strange, find I wish that I oould oxplain ; but you must exouso me. Bo friendly to mn during tho last hour, perhaps, wo Bhall over spend together.' 'Oh, Mrs. Howard 1 Why do you talk so strangely P Suroly, you cannot bn going — ' ' I inn, denr. Though tho ?children aro alnoplng, thoy are dressed for n journoy. So just try nnd forgot what has astonished you j don't look bo fir- wondornfcruck at mo ; imagine that this Imu all boen arranged aB a matter of business, nnd lotus talk and on, joy the fow pasning moments loft us, I havo a favour to ask of you.' ' Any favour I can grant will most willingly bo ? done.' ' It is that you ohange trunks with mo. Mlno ' is nower than yours, and you will gain by tho . trnnpaction.' ' This 1r a strange request.' *' I cannot oxplain it, donr. Will you do ib P' ii i' ' I know you would,' roturnod Mrs. Howard, winding ber nt m about Flora's wntot nnd leading hor up fcho hill toward fcho old housa. ' I had , vhopotf bo remain with you until your lovor *vna ftoqulf.fcud, aa Itrunb ho will bo soon, I had hoped ihnti I might see you happy, I had a little day dronm of my own, but it has vnnlsbod, Man pro & OBcs and God disposes. You nro mob a saeptlo, loraP' , , , ' No, Heaven forbid blub I Bhould ovor doubt,' ' I am glad bo loarn that, Oling to your re ligion more than to lifo, my doar i for it alono onn comfort! you whon darkest trouhlos ootne..' Tlioy reached the house, aud tho ladies ex ohnngod truukii, ' F. Wells' whs on t'lao ond oF JTlora'n trunk, painted in iilaok Jotters. Sho waB, about to.oraun it, when Mrs, Howard porsundodihor, to lot it remain. ' AVhonavor I seo it, I will 'think of you.' ' Whore are you going, Mrs. Hownrd P' . 'I donJf* know.' . . Flora nat.in a ohnir gn/.lug all tlio rriona wnomj ,'qIio had known ulnco hur grlof, nncl dosplto tho, mystery nnd suspicion that surrounded hor, ro-: grottnd to linvo iuir go. A tear .oamo in lior oyty .bub Mrs, H'owitrn Itissed it away, saying i ' Don't, oliild:! Bo bravo for my iiako. You j, know not— -Had graub you may novor lenov, what liliis honrt haa to bear. Don't add to ib with your ff'M' ? , ... f Shnll I ovor noe.you ngnin P' - ? ?' Whon two s«[snrnto in this world, lb mny bn , yearn bufaro bhoy raoob, parltnpn novor,' sho un .aworetl. ''Will you wrlto to me P ? ? i ' I doubb if I oan, How, my ohlld, I 'havo only ono rnquimb bo ninke, nnd thnb is thnb you forgob . jno. Forgob thnb you ovor saw mo.' '?I onnnob,' ft iVv.' ..a* ? ...II.. Ii. r ...111 it / . ?? ir yuu ronuy Winn iu, j. nun , 'Now, dnnr, I will go, bub 'first promise tno tomb ?whntovor nolnu you may lioar~of doparturo-^you ?jwlll not lottvo your room, Unolo llouuiiu linn btioiu paid Hovernl woijIch in ndvnuoe, no ho will loso nothing. If you henr aomo ono ab my door, it you hoar my trunk being onrrlod out, any uothing, and, no you lnvo mo, do not loavo your room. Do ynu Momioo P' 'You.' 'Now, donr, fnrowpll,' Sho plnood hor nnnn Around hor nmilc nnd klrntod hor ngnln ati«( ngnin, iTor a moinonb Flora nlung to hor, and liolduig hor hands in hor own, gnaod Into tho pnlo, inyiiM.riouu yob bnaubifiU fnuo, and oatd i ' Pnrntlb mo to nnl( you ono nuoublon, yoitr jiamo Howiird P' 1 ' No,' - ' ' She left the room, cloBing the door after her. Flora could hear ber Boftly moving about, packing her trunk. Overcome with amazement, Bho Bat by the bed trying to solve tho mystery of this Kt.range family, when she heard the Bound of wheels without. They stopped at the etileB, and on glancing from her window she bbw a carriage, Borue-t hing rarely seen at Newburg, A man sprang from it and lightly ran ta tho old house. By the moonlight bhe recognised him as Mr. Howard, lie nipped on the door, and a moment later Mrs. Howard tripped down the stairs, and softly opened ib. ' Are you ready P' he whispered, ' Yes.' He beckoned to the coachman, who ran quickly acroBS the yard, and all three flew noiselessly up the stairs. A moment later sho beard the children ctyiug and complaining at being disturbed, and the parents soothing them with such words of affection aa parents only can uso. All hurried downstairs. Mr. and Mrs. Howard carried the children, and the driver the trunk, which he placed on the carriage seat at his side. The family took their places in the carriage, and all drove away. So quietly was it ail tranuacted that not a membor of the New burg tavern, save Flora, knew it. N.'Xb morning when Richel rang tho bell for breakfast only Flora appeared. ' Where is Mrs, Howard?' she asked. ' She ia gone.' ' Gone P Gone where P' ' I don't know,' ' When did she go P' ' li'ist night.' ' lio* ?' Flora explained the myBterio'us manner in which the Howards had suddenly takon their departure, and Aunt Rachel said : 'kind Bakes alive, don't it beat all 1 Well, she told mo she was goin' soon j but their board ib l».i-i some weeks ahead | so it's all right if it suitB them.' At breakfast she told Uncle Reuben, who was never astonished at anything. Ho only remarked : ' Mighty queer people, anyhow. Come when no ono expects 'em, and leaves tti' same way.' ' Well, Rube, Miaaia Howard seemed like a ralirhty nice woman.' Nothing more was said about the subject until near noon, when two horhomen rode up to the stiles and, dismounting, came to Undo Reuben, who sat on the porch smoking his pipe. ' Aro you Mr. Reuben Price P' aoked ono of them.' ' Yes, air.' ' Does Mrs. Howard stay hore P' ' No.' ' What P Didn't eho Btop hero P' ' Yes.' ' Whon did she leayo P' ' Last night.' ' Whero did Bh? go P' ' I don't know. I was asleep whon she left, nnd sbo never left any word for mo.' ?' Left in tho night P And don't any of you know whero sho went P' ' 'Wo don't. Her man, or a man sho called her man, came after hor, an' sho went off, an' I don't know nuthin' about 'em,' ' Foiled again, Snuffer,' growled the horseman, to his companion. Snuffer growlod out some unintelligible words, then they returned to thoir horseB, and, mounting, galloped away. Bub if their mission waa to find tho Howards it was evidently a failure, for they had disappeared as completely as if the earth had opened and awallowed thom up. (1*0 ie continued,) 