NEWS OF THE DAY. The date of the prorogation of Parliament is still uncertain. Sir Henry Wrixon atatea that he will cer tainly be a candidate for a seat in the pro- posed Federal Convention. There are abont 8900 persons in the employ of the Railway Department, and the hat of namei occupies nearly 100 pages of the Ooiemment Gazette. The N Z Congregational Union has re affirmed last year’s resolution that it ia neither the dnty nor the right of the State to teach or to control religion, A Bendigo pioneer, Mr Lndwig Soboltz, has died after a residence there for 44 years. At one time he was legal manager for 22 companies. The combined wealth of the Vanderbilt family is £32,800,000, and the estimated in come from it per annum ia £2,772,800. No other family is so rich. A little more than 30 years ago nearly all the colored people in the doited States were slaves and penniless. Now they ore paying taxes on £53,000,000 worth of property. Mr C. F, A Gladigan, of Winiam, in the Wimmera, had perhaps the record wheat yield of the district this season. From 270 acres he stripped on an average nearly five bags to the acre. The Gonlbnrn Irrigation scheme is attract ing attention abroad. A descriptive report on the work with engravings has been pub lished by the Italian Institute of Engineers in Italy, Three young girls have been drowned in a deep waterbole of the Glenelg River, abont 12 miles from Casterton. A Roman Catholic ceremony, the crown ing of an image of the Virgin, took place in Mexico recently. The crown and dress of the image contained precious stones valued at £730,000. A statistician contends that 284 years hence the world’s population will amount to 6,000,000,000, and the earth being unable to find nourishment for its population, many will be forced to starvation or cannibalism. In addition to the railway carnages re cently ordered by Sir Malcolm Fraser, Agent General for West Australia, 30 loco motives for use on the lines of that colooy have been ordered in England. According to the Income Tar Commis sioner persons who are fortunate enough to possess free railway passes mnst pot the annual value of them in their income tax schedules. Some consternation has been caused in Rochester by the appearance at late hours of the night of some person playing “ghost" Numbers of women and children, have been greatly frightened by unexpected visits. Cr John M'Lennan, one of the oldest members of the Dimboolashire, has resigned his seat, owing to departure for Western Australia, where bis mining knowledge is to be availed of by a large company. Mr George Bodey, of Jung Jnog, has struck an abundant supply of water on his farm at a depth of 55 feet. The water is slightly brackish, and has risen to the sur face, from which a stream is flowing. The South Australian Register's estimate of the harvest yield is that 1,521,910 acres reaped produced 6,658 600 bushels, giving an average of 4 bushels 221 b per acre. Sub tracting food and seed requirements, the surplus was 97 300 tons in January on this estimate, showing a larger surplus than was generally expected. Tha season for exporting rabbits has come to a close, and no more will be received at the metropolitan freezing works until further notice. This, however, will not in terfere with the export of poultry, the season for which is now on. In the United States and Canada last year there were sold the enormous number of 1,207 895,000 copies of weekly news papers, besides about 10,000,000 copies of tn weeklies, semi weeklies, aud semi monthlies, A return, compiled from official sources, shows that the traffic on the up road from Esperance, W.A , to the goldfields, from Ist December to 23rd December comprised— -254 men, 378 horses, 88 teams, and 124 cattle. From 23rd January to 3rd Feb rnary the traffic was—Blo men, 956 horses, 137 teams, 131 camels, and 247 sheep. About half past 2 on Monday morning, at Cranbourne, a heavy report of earthquake was beard which shook the buildings, and was followed by rumblings and earth vibra tion, continuing some 20 seconds. The shock was most pronounced, the first sensation being like the report of a big gun, followed by an earth tremor, A prospecting party has been formed in South Australia to thoroughly test the country between Fowler’s Bay aud the Mus grave Ranges, aud thence west to the boun dary of Western Australia. Tha Govern ment baa agreed to lend six camels and subsidise the expenses of tbe trip to tha extent of £lOO, \ At Barcaldine, Queensland, owing to tbe floods, the »i’”l , es of beer, produce, and fallows have nearly rad 6di. At other town ships on the railway line the bakers notified that there would be no bread after yester day, while the Chinese storekeepers ask Is per lb for flour. It is expected that a light goods train with supplies will run through to day If there are no further floods. Speaking in the United States Senate Senator James Smith (New Jersey), referring to the difficulty with England over the Venezuelan question, declared that the American people were disgusted with Cou gress for seeking a policy of jingoism. Lady Brassey, it is declared, is the only peeress who has been the sole representative of her sex at a banquet attended by about 600 people, and the only woman on earth whose individual pretence has prevented some 300 Victorian natives from smoking. Owing to the high price given for grain this year some of tbe Wimmera towns have assumed something of tbe activity which characterised them in former years. Farmers are jubilant, and stock has greatly improved in value. For instance, horses which were sold a couple of months back for a very low figure, on Saturday brought op to £l6 and £l7 a head, A mysterious death in the bush is re p'orted from Bright. A Chinese was found dead at Buckland. His hut was burned and he sustained some slight injuries in the fire. The police investigated, and discovered his dead body in a nude condition in the creek, covered with bruises and scars Last year the people of Victoria con samed intoxicating drinks of tbe value of £3,759,181, whereas the revenue of the colony derivable from taxation is only £2,520,000 The argument is that the com munity imposed upon itself a voluntary tax greater than tbe aggregate taxes demanded by the exigencies of the State, Intelligence from Formosa, which was believed to have been completely pacified by the Japanese army of occupation, states that an extensive rebellion has broken out them against Japanese rule. The number of rebels is estimated at 10,000, and they are said to be committing terrible ravages in tbe island. Tbe last annual report of the Police De partment in New South Wales indicates that homicide and serious offences against the person are on the increase, and simul taneously the arrests for drunkenness have increased in a single year by no fewer than 300. The annual report of the Savings Bank of New South Wales shows that at the end of December last £3,951,874 was at credit of 71,099 depositors, as compared with £3 583,074 at credit of 67,512 depositors at tbe close of the previous year, an increase of £368,800 within the 12 mouths. The total funds of tbs bank amount tn £4,214,190 Mr John Day, one of tbe five pioneers of Coolgardie, died in the Wangaratta Hos pital on Sunday, Seven years ago he went to West Australia from Sonth Africa, in company with Mr Bayley, and after opening up a good claim at Southern Cross went further inland on a prospecting tour with Bayley and three others. They camped near the present site of Coolgardie and divided into prospecting parties. Bayley’s Company discovered the famous Bayley’s Reward claim, and two days later was joined by Day and his companions. Mr Day disposed of his interest in the claim for £lOOO. i 