I CHASED sir A SHARK. J I havo been in various parts of the globo ; : . ^ likoUlysses, have steu many cities Snd peoplos; '|, and, like him, havo been through many advan- t' turrs, ? Amongst tho last-named thero is ouo ' - \ which has dinted itself in my memory In its ; ? every detail. Tbo scene was the most beautiful ' f harbour, in the. world — RioJeniero, Wo wero ? £ lying off tho town in our quarantine berth, far I yellow fever had got ahead of tho sanitary (? arrangement*, and was just knocking tho ? climnto and the people . into fits, when two or ? thrco compogooQS do voyage suggested' a bath ?' \ in the briny. \ It was insufferably hot, and tho very mcotio' . [ of a bath was enough to tempt St. Anthooy' f himself. Had we been Eves, apples wouldn't [ bavo had tho ghost of a. chance, but being . / - H Adams, tho excessive naturo of tbe sweat of our \ ' brow clearly pointed to a bath as being the most , ? -per8unsivo temptation to succumb to. Of course : I wo livod to repent of our fall. - Two shakos, of a. duck's tail aro not usually - 1 supposed to extend over, a lengthy period, - and it took just about that time for ua to ? ; run down tho gangway ladder, separately 1 deposit a flannel shut and trousers, plus socks and shoos; on the lower stops, and leap iuto' tho . cool, blue water. It also took about that period of time to get 50 fathoms— say 100 yards— astern of tho steamer, for Rio has a tide of it* own — we learnt that by experience. Of course, ; had we mentioned our bathing propensity to any of the officers we should havo boen duly notified as to tides and sharks and other inconvenient arrange ments, but, you see, we didn't I . Tbe tido was running seven miles an hour— a rate I had ouco experienced in the green and swirling wuters of the Aar, whero it rushes round the quuint old town of Berne— and as we turned * aud swam for tho steamer we found it very hard to mako up lost ground. My companions . wero noino yards ahead of me, for I had been tbe first to luap. SltfWly and firmly I thrust my urius forward and swept them round, Strengly and regularly I spurned the wator with my feet. No one had seen us start, as far as we know, and the lost ground had to be regained yard by yard, almost inch by inCh. Tbere was nothing for it but to swim or drift out to sea. Natura*!y we preferred to swim. I suppose wo had covered some sixty yards or so when suddenly there camu a shout from the steamer. The chief officer was standing on the taffrail, and what he shouted gave mo a feeling the nearest thing to cramp I ever felt. 44 Look out, you fellows 1 Swim for your lives ! There's a shark asteru of you.' Greut heavun ! Of courxe there were sharks— uny number of tbem— iu the bay. Fools tbat we were, we had forgotten it. 44 Swim for your lives !'' I shouted to my two comimiious, and with tbat I relapsed into silence und swam for my lito. Tbere is u certain emotion possible to man, which used to be called trepidation. It is now moro generally called 44 f'jnk.' At that prcciee moment of uiy life — a very critical moment, you will doubtless agree with me — I wus wholly, completely, from the bair of my bead to the tips of my toes, possessed with „ funk. It would be more than ordinarily diffi cult for bair wbich h»s been intermittently , ducked iu the water for sevoral minutes to staud upright. Yet mine did. When your knees are separated as far as. is possible for tbem to separate in that drawu-up positiou peculiar to swimming, you might r.ot expcct tbem to knock together. But I can assure you mine did. Tbe expert swimmer— and I flattered myself I was he— rigorously keeps bis mouth shut aud his toeth set. Yet my teeth chattered, and my jaws convulsively gaped to such an extent that I began to yearn for a stomacb'puiup. I never did fully appre ciate tho tastu of salt water. -9 Not one moment, however, was to be lost, for quickly turning my head, I saw the blaclc * fin of the merciless brute silently but rapidly cleaving tbe water, and momentarily gaining ou me. My companions turned to look alu:ost at tbo same moment. Palo as death, with, bloodless lips and anexprcsniou in %thcir eyes wbidh 1 hope I may never again Bee in a huinau being, they were straining every ncrvo to breast that cruel tido, urging their bodies through the water with desperate efforts, and gazing at tbe great black bull of tbe steamer with an almost wild despair. I saw all this in a moment, and, as I renewed my own efforts with redoubled vigour, au icy grasp rtcezned to tighten round my heurt. my head, my limbs, aud tell me that in a few more uiiuutes 1 should be a bleediug, mangled un» recognisable mass in tbe jaws of the. cruellest and must voracious monster of the 'deep. The Si ennds passed ; they seemed like hours. I lived my life over agaiu iu the space of those three or four miuutes, . and yet X know that the horrors of my impendiug fata sped swiftly through my maddened brain, and revealed to tbo very last detail all tbo sgony i was destined to endure. I could see the sWlfC stroke of tho fhark as ho. dived below me, tho flash of his white belly aa he rolled over — foe hia mouth being underneath hu must turn over to bite — 1 could hear tho scrunching of his jaws as he seizt d my limbs aud tore at them, and, O God ! I could see tbe very last glinise of the sky as I was dragged below the water, away front all possibility of help from my fellow-crcatures, from all hopes of life— to be devoured ! . My compauions had reached tbe eanSWfty~~ but there was no time for tbat for me. A life belt attached to a ropo was flung overboard, and I strained every muscle to. reach it. I could bear now the swift stealthy movement of the brute as he camo nearer, and nearer and uearer.. I made ono last desperate plunge for tbe belt—, 1 caught it! Instantly was I pulled out of tho , water, aud I saw the while belly of the shark as . j bo leaped to seize tue, but, a full yard belov ! J 1 knew then tbat I was saved — saved from the ' f agonies of on awful death — and tbe next I moment I fell senseless oo the deck. / 