CHRISTIAN CONTENTION. The first holiness convention held in Bal larat and arranged for by the late Revs. John M’Neil and R Kennedy, was com menced in the Mechanics’ Institute yesterday afternoon. The convention is undenomina tional. There wsb a largo attendance. The Rev. John Watsford occupied the and the clergymen on the platform were the Revs. A. Webb, C. Lancaster, and S. C. Kent. The meeting was opened with the nsnal devotional ezerciseß. The Rev. A. Webb, in addressing the meeting, said that a criticism had been passed npon the teaching of these con ventions, insisting that the believer’s knowledge, rather than his experience, showed from the staple teaching. This the speaker demurred to. The great object of the conventions, which, to translate the objective knowledge of years into a sub jective experience, which woold enable a man to say of the glorious verities of revela tion, “ I know them to be trne because I have experienced them.” , The Bnbject of the day was, “ The ohnroh’s great need— : a Pentecostal blessing.” This had always been the church’s great need. It was of the first chnroh. The 120 would have been utterly worsted before all their foes bnt for the Pentecostal baptism. They were Christians, and John xvii., proves that. The Pentecost made hew men of them. To-day they wanted a Pentecost. Christians were not happy and they went to the world for happiness. To be filled with the Spirit would make them safe and joyful. So joyful were those first Christians that they said " they are full of new wine.” The Christians wanted courage, they were afraid to speak for Christ, and dare not give a tract or say a word in a train. This - would make them courageous, daring anything for Christ. How selfish were Christians—the luxury in the home and ohurch characterises them. The first Christians distributed every thing in their exhuherant brotberliness.' How unbrotherly some Christians were—uncharit able in judgment and given to slander. The filling of the Holy Spirit would end all this, and the indisposition to work wonld be cured. Everyone of the 120 but Peter alone was a witness for Christ. In order to obtain the filling of these witnesses there must be an emptying. The ten days of waiting were days of emptying. Self and sin must bs surrendered. We must be willing to re ceive the Holy Spirit at any cost. Not for onr personal advancement; but for Christ’s glory. He had seen men utterly transformed by the reception of the Holy Spirit; the passionate made geotie;- the covetous made generous; the timid made bold. He urged upon all to receive the Holy Ghost. 