Our Book Review. AN AUSTRALIAN BUSH TRACK. A. Real Australian Story. An Australian Bush Track, by J. D. Hennessey, author of ' The Dis honourable,' '* Wynnum,' etc. London : Sampson Low, Maraton and Co., Ltd. Price, post free from this office, 3s and 4s. Because a book is purely Australian, it is no good ; it is not worth reading ; iu IB uou wortii ouymg. »yo uavc uau a few, a very few books written and published in Australia that have really paid their way, but the man who wrote this book did i wise thing. He aent his MS. to England, got it pub lished there, and then allowed it tu come out to us. I don't blame him a, bit ! I'm as patriotic as auy mm you ever met, bud the scornful way in which Australian writers are treated by Australians makes me bkk. This ' Australian Bush Track '' ought to have been publi-hed first in our own country, but if it had, the author would have probably ' ' gone up King-street,' or wherever his local bankruptcy court stands. As it is he'll probably make a pile out. of it. The book is a real good one, a real spanking bush yarn, full of weird im probabilities, impossible combinations, part ghost, part debil-debil, and part love. It deals with the adveniur«8 of a strange, North of Ireland man who labours under an hereditary blights. The workiug out of that awful mania of his opens up the old question of personal responsibility. The story be gins in More ton B^y and ends in the diamond lighted tunnels and gold lined gorges of some unexplored part of Northern Australia. You don't exactly know where, but there's a daft Scotchman in the land of Zoo-Zoo, who acts as ' Honourable Defender and feeder of the Snake,' or Zoo-Zoo. There's a good deal of human nature in the book, and a deal of plot and story, and there's not a dull page in it You can see what vast, unexplored, literary fields there are in this Australia of ours, and I hope the time is coming when it will pay to publish Australian stories in Australia. Mr. Hennebsjy has come to the front a good deal of late, and, after this ' Australian Bush Track,' he ought to come a good deal more — and quicker. 