, THE ENDEAVOUR PLATFORM. The Christian Endeavour Convention ' which has just met in this city, cannot be otherwise regarded than as a great success. It has been so in many ways» and we have no doubt that the ultimate results of the Convention will be for the benefit of the Churches, and not of the Churches alone, for its influence will be felt throughout the whole colony, 'lhe public meetings were marked by large .and enthusiastic audiences, and if the Bpirit that was there manifested could be carried all through the social and political life of the colony, there would speedily follow in its wake a great down iall of notorious evils, an emancipation of thousands from the bondage of ?tyrannical and destructive vices, and a general quickening of the public ?conscience. The Endeavour platform gave out no uncertain notes, the various speakers spoke out manfully in relation . -to the social evils which defile the life of the community ; and withal, there was displayed a conspicuous loyalty to Christ and to the teachings of the New Testament. What is wanted in relation . to much of our Christian work is impulse and momentum; the conversion of potential into kinetic energy, and the whole toae of the Convention seemed .calculated to accomplish this, for it was on the high level of Christian resolve .and of personal work for Christ. Many themes were touched upon by the platform speakers, such as good ~ .citizenship, social Christianity, the political duties of Christians, and otters of similar import. Indeed, it is impossible to look at the subjects of the various speeches without seeing what a broad' and comprehensive thing Christianity really is. Too often we narrow it down by our manifold pre judices, or by reason of personal ?equation, or the imperfection of our mental vision ; we fail to see it in all the greatness of its unspeakable ? grandeur as it first came from the lips rand lives of Christ and His Apostles. Hence the necessity of various speakers, ?who see different phases of the same ihing. .The sun is one, and the same light illuminates the whole world ; but -the difference in human vision is ?enormous, and practical scientists tell ?us that there are but few perfect eyes found looking out upon the world from ^the orbital cavities of human skulls. In it purely physical sense, the different, \- ways in which different men see the ?same thing is very wonderful, and ac counts for a good deal of descriptive variation. It is the same with our mental outlook ; we see things differ ently, hence it is that varied spi akera on. a public platform, differently r illuminate the same theme. Iu this, . the Endeavour platform was broad and ?comprehensive, showing to all how ? intensely human, and yet how gloriously Divine the common faith ?of Christendom really is. There was one subject of great im portance which was emphasised by some of the speakers, and which concerns all ?Churches alike. It was as to our need of a Pentecost, and the necessity of personal consecration. One of the speakers at the Convention said he was inclined to laughter when he saw on the programme the question, 'Do we need a Pentecost,' and he instanced the low standard of Christian attainment at the present day, as being in itself sufficient to answer the question. So it is, yet God's method of working is first of all to create a sense of need. It is hungry men who crave for food ; the sense of need, of distinct personal want, is one of tbe great incentives to effort. And in spiritual things it is always a good sign when we are possessed by an over whelming sense of need. Such a sense is a great disturbing influence ; it banishes all self-complacency, and the soul itself begins to cry out for God, even the living God. When the vapour laden clouds come sailing along borne by strong ocean winds, we look for stormy weather. But it is possible that the clouds may pass away without rain, for nature often cheats us, but God never does. And there is no surer sign of coming blessing than that pre sented by a church when it cries to God under the constraining influence of a heartfelt need. . Yes ! we need a Pente cost, but it is one thing to say we need it, and another to utter' ringing heart cries to God for the display of His Pentecostal power, ' Come Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Send another Pentecost !' 