THE MODERN PALMIST. '"World." It is one of the signs of the times nowadays that wherever you go the palmist is with you always. At receptions you notice that a crowd of feminine draperies, many skirts thick, is gathered round the door of the "third room"; and you are told that within there is a fortune-teller. She may reveal the future, the past, and the never-to-be hv the lines on the hand, or she may manipu late the cards of the Grand Tarot, aud weave a powerful romance out of what has seemed to third persons a singularly commonplace career, adding, moreover, a last act which quaintly combines the doubtful apothesis of the problem-play with the " happy ever after" of the Adelph: drama in a manner calculated to prove infinitely consoling to one who feels heiself to be "misunderstood" by an undisceruing generation. Or with the aid of a " rnagie crystal" (purchas able for the ridiculously reasonable sum of two-aud-sixl she may be seeing more aud more curious visions than were ever dreamt of in th'e\philosophy of Horatio, Hamlet, or Oven the Ghost himself—if dreams and philosophy are included in the ghostly outfit. At gardeu parties, bazaars, and fetes of every kind the palmist's tent is as regular a part of the programme as the band and the boredom. In the daily papers she shrieks at you with loud-voiced advertisement • that she gives lessons and confers diplo mas, that she will "do" clairvoyance, second-sight, thought-reading, crystal gazing, palmistry, and the advertiseinent agent knows what besides. Nay, more, she will hurst out sometimes into curiously ill-judged and oddly grammared letters to the daily Press, in which she boasts that her house (in the suburbs) is the only true Dodona (where the grove snrely should be of chestnuts rather than of oaks), sneers covertly at her brothers " and sisters in the " occult arts," Bnd de clares with electro-plated authority that none are genuine except those who have studied under her. Mysterious whispers, moreover, may be heard from time to time from both beautiful and unbeautiful lips. " Sba told me that I should be the subject of a real grands passion three times in my life, and that two of thein were yet to come." "Lady Jaye has been taking Preddy to her every day for a week, and is havinghis entire character and future done out in full from his ■ hand, so that she may bring him up with - a view to the perfect development of his natural talents." "She told, me wonderful things. Keally, I can hardly believe that all. of them can happen— at my age. And yet Fifty-five she says is to he the most eventful period of my life." And this is how the palming- hand, the merry palming-hand, tell " lines " and " mounts " to us. It may even he worth considering whether the remarkable abatement of the bowl of the New Woman may not be to some_. extent due to the growth of palmistry as* a' profession for " our daughters." The females who so loudly iusisted on their right to ramp unre strained through all the walks of life . which had hitherto been reserved for men may have discovered that the medical, legal, and other masculine professions are often attended more by dignity than pay, whereas the pursuit of the "science "■ of palmistry, though perhaps not tend ing very directly to honor, is certainly productive of much ready cash. It is easy to imagine that "Woman, - with that true nobility of soul which renders self sacrifice so natural to her—when she loses nothing by ■ it—should have magnaui— : mously decided to leave to the. tyrant man the business off. " devilling." for nothing hut hope, attending pauper patients without prospect of . payment and all the other delights of ,the legiti mate professions, while she devotes her self entirely to the remunerative task of giving opportunities for " good square talks about themselves "to ladies, who ' are not really interested * in any other subject, and promising them iudividually or collectively, according, to fancy, all the - delights and successes which - the female, mind can conceive with just the faintest, soupcon oi the undesirable, sufficient to invest with artistic verisimilitude what would other* wise he a bad and unconvincing narrative. And the profession is one in which the greater the pretentious avowed and the. impudence displayed, the more abject is the credulity of the dupes who flock to be fleeced, and the larger the receipts of the adroit and businesslike sibyl. A student - of human nature—and the would-be palmist must labor to deserve the name—can tell u great deal from the first glance and the first brief conversa tion. We have all of us a little. Sherlock Holmes inside who is always doing "the inductive method, though without the theatrical exposition and the Watsonic applauso which accompanied the efforts of the original. " Men are easy to tell." observed one fascinating sorceress, of this calibre;, " they are turned out oi such distinct moulds that , one rarely makes mistakes about them. And there are certain things which aro sure to please nearly all men. And if one goes a little wrong, men are never disagreeable about it. But one has to be very careful with women. One woman will take us an. insult what another will receive as a com pliment. - The best plan is to draw them, on, and let them do most of the talking. Even then they may tell their friends afterwards that they were told nothin° worth hearing, and do their best to ruin the business." A few years ago the cry was, •. What shall ive do - with our | daughters tNow it1 seems as if the ' question had resolved itself into " How our daughters do us • " 