Football Notes. (BY WING.) The exhibition of football on the Association Cricket Ground on Satur day was one of the best witnessed this season.The fact of the dark blues re quiring four points to place them on equal terms with the Fitzroy for pre miership honours created more than usual interest in the match, as it was well known that each club would be represented by its best players, and that a close result might be anticipated. This fact, coupled with the beautiful weather which prevailed, induced a large number of persons to attend the usual trysting place. I was particularly pleased to observe this, as it was an indication that the old winter game had not entirely lost its charms, but though interest in the sport had lulled for a time, still when the an ticipations were towards a close contest, the public would not be found wanting in its support. The game was played in such a vigorous and spirited manner that onlookers could not fail to have been interested during the whole course of its progress. This was demonstrated by the frequent applause which greeted players when they specially distin guished themselves. From start to finish the ball was kept going, players not flagging in the least, but keeping incessantly at work. Though the red and blues appeared inclined to take things easy and roam " from their places during the first part of the game, the dark blues were unable to take advantages, but played well to gether and kept the ball moving. How ever, when the red and blues observed how thoroughly in earnest their oppo nents were and kept their places and played together, passing the leather on quickly by well-judged kicks, they settled down in earnest, and work be came fast and furious. During the first half of the game each club was kicking goal for goal, but at the close of the third quarter the dark blues had one goal to the good, and during the last quarter succeeded in in creasing their lead by two more. Judging by the number of behinds registered by Fitzroy one would suppose that the red and blues had the best of the game; but this was not so, for in addition to the ball being rushed be hind two or three times, several shots proved ineffectual on account of the excellent play of the dark blues back players, and also through attempts be ing made to score when there was not a ghost of a chance of getting the leather between the sticks. Had the players exercised a little more judg ment, and passed the leather on, prob ably the result would have been differ ent. Where all did their best to achieve success it is very difficult to specialise individual effort, but I will mention two or three, whose exertions certainly justify their being noticed. For the winners Croome was in splendid form, and the vigorous way he played considerably added to the success of his club. Foley has never played so well this season as he did on Saturday; his work was admired by all who witnessed it, and his judgment in kicking was very commendable. Baxter also displayed good judgment in passing on, and frequently, by his own exertions, got possession of the leather. Len. Stewart, Massey, and B. Thom son all worked hard to ensure success, but their efforts were considerably neutralised by Scarborough, Findlay, and Boxall respectively, three very good and fast players. T. Norman undoubtedly played a rattling game. It surprises me to see how successful he is in getting the leather away from more experienced players than himself, but the fact re mains that he does do it, and knows what best to do with it when he secures possession. He was not so suc cessful in goal kicking as I expected; but no doubt he will improve. Fitzroy's country contingent - amongst whom was Black from Bea consfield-did good service for the club, at times showing out prominent in playing together. Those who distinguished themselves in goal kicking were:-For Launceston: L. Stewart, L. Maddox, P. Bird. Foley, Fraser, and Croome. Fitzroy: Anges, A. Collings, and W. Collings. I am glad to notice free lickls ilave been on the decrease during the last few matches; it shows that the rules are more firmly adhered to by players. The number awarded last Saturday totalled 45, of which 24 were against Fitzroy and 21 against Launceston. The fixture for to-day on the Associa tion Cricket Ground is Fitzroy v. Bea consfield, and as there are some really good men among the latter team I an ticipate a good match. The Launceston, I believe, intend joulneying to West Devonport, where they will try conclusions with a com bined twenty from the North-Western Association. In a match at Zeehan on Saturday last between the King and Zeehan clubs the former defeated Zeehan by four goals four behinds to three goals six behinds kicked by the latter. The result of this contest virtually settles the 'question of premiership for the season, as the King can scarcely now be thrown out. Zeehan played 18 men only for the first half, and made a plucky fight all through. Several enquiries have been made recently from both sides of the island as to the prob ability of the usual north versus south contests taking place this season, I have been informed on good authority that owing to lack of support the probabilities are that these popular struggles will not take place this year, as the assocation north and south re spectively are not in a position, through want of funds, to incur the expense. As far as the north is concerned, I believe, we could select a remarkably strong team and that a satisfactory gate might be relied on, but I believe things are not so flourishing down south. Therefore the management does not feel justified in incurring the financial risk of such a contest. The difficulty might be overcome if a few genuine supporters of the game could be induced to form themselves into a committee to guaran tee the association against loss in the event of the public failing to do their part, but I do not think this would be necessary, for when a good exhibition of football is guaranteed supporters would not be lacking. Essendon and Collingwood are neck and neck for Victorian premiership honours, both clubs having played eleven games, losing one only. This makes their score 40 points out of a pos sible 44. South Melbourne comes third on the list with 36, having lost two matches. The number of goals kicked by Essendon up to date is 78 against 31; Collingwood 47 against 29. Regarding the contest between the Collingwood and North Melbourne clubs played last Saturday, in 'which Umpire Roberts got such a severe hand ling, "Observer" in Monday's "Argus" comments as follows:-"But for the fact that on one ground Saturday's football was disfigured by one of those scenes of ruffianism which have at times dis graced the game, some of the matches would have been long remembered. The row occurred at North Melbourne. It was a thousand pities that the game should have had such a termination, for it was one of the finest played this season. Indeed, I remember no match of the last couple of seasons that was so desperately played, and where a team which at one stage appeared to be com pletely outplayed made a finer recovery than did North Melbourne in this con test. Roberts, who umpired the game, and was so badly treated afterwards, was, like many of the players, at a standstill before the finish. He began by being severe on the players for pass ing little marks, and possibly over-did it in a few instances. Later on, how ever, when the teams began to play such fine football, he wisely shut his eyes to small offences, thus making the game that followed possible-a point that the wild- headed roughs who attacked him afterwards were possibly too stupid to appreciate. Had he kept his whistle going for every trivial offence the game would have dragged its dreary length along, and we should have had no such gallant struggle as was here witnessed. In this Roberts showed good judgment, and had his reward in a narrow escape of being torn to pieces." 