THE POACHER. Alex. Innes Shand, in the " Bad minton Magazine." There are poachers- and poachers, and for some of them the genuine sportsman must feel sympathy and even regard. I do not allude, of course, to the gangs of ruffians who go about with blackened faces in the mining districts, sweeping the coverts by literal brute force. But what is a poor fellow to do when he is born ana bred amid rural surroundings with an innate and irresistible passion for sport ? If ho ownod the domains of his Grace the Duke, or the manors of his Honor the Squire, or had the run of comfortuble country houses like many of the impecunious among his social superiors, he might have lived in general consideration, or at least have nevor been brought into business relations with " beaks " on the bench or warders in the prison yards. As it is, he struggles up encompassed by temptations and lured into lapses from legality by seductive" opportunities. The peasant poacher begins with bird-nesting as the duckling betakes itself to the pond. The gentlo slope tends invariably towards Avernus and more serious trespass. There is a fearful joy in stealing into copses and preserves, patrolled by truculent keepers, and guarded by ominous placards announcing that all trespassers will bo prosecuted. Creeping through the undergrowth, and in grassy ditches beneath the tangled canopies .of the hedgerows, treading gingerly on the troacherous soil in the wildorness of sedges and bulrushes, the young vaga bond, with each sense on the alert, gets skilled in ambushing and sign-reading like one of Cooper's Red Indians. Grow ing older, he goes to work on a regular wage. He does not caro to resign him solf to the monotonous routine of regular farm drudgery. So he goes in for piece-work, with frequent change of scone, or, if he lives in a woodland country, he seeks employment as a wood man. When ho does farm work, by preference ho engages himself for snck light and exciting occupation as bush fa arrowing. For as ho sits leisurely dragging the bush-harrow across tho grass, or strolls homeward towards oven ing, skirting the sequestered recosses of tho woods, he has rare opportunities for the study of animated nature. He worms himself into tho secrets and daily routine of all tbo stealthy wild creatures', and into tho ways of the watchers as well. Ho knows each gnarled limb of the favorite clumps of trees whero tho crow ing pheasants fly up to roost. And in the autumn gloaming, or in tho dimness of dawn, when tho ripe acorns are falling fast, and when the hedgerows are heavily laden with ruddy berries, ho meets tho pheasants wandering forth to feed, be yond tho familiar beats of the caretakers. Ho has marked each amorous couple of partridges from early pairing time ; ho has seen and counted the coveys as they hatcliod out; he has noted each casualty by water or weasel, and knows exactly the quiet nook on tho sunny bank where they indulge in their siesta and subse quent dust-bath. Ho stoops instinctively to distinguish the run of the pheasant through the long grass from the well beaten tracks of hare or rabbit. Our friend would stand motionless watching them at play in the fields ; or ho would be suddenly stopped short in bis home ward walk by the hare coming leisurely up wind in the opposite direction. See ing nothing diroctly in front, and confid ing in his dolicacy of scent, the unsuspecting animal would come lolopping along. The watcher could almost have walked straight to his form; he knew the favorite tunnel by which he slipped through the hedge when the gate for which he would have scurried when alarmed had been barred or wired against his egress. All tbesp practicul studios, up to a certain point, may be very innocent. But the human passion for hunting and killing is burn ing in the veins, and the day comes with opportunity when it becomes irresistible. The systems of driving and of battne shootiug tend to enourage it, for the born poacher is keenest and most intelligent among the beaters, and consequently in high favor with the head keeper. In the wettest weather, or in the hardest frost, he never shirks the thickest covert. He is almost as sure as tho best rotricver in questing after dead or wounded birds. And all the time, though perhaps in voluntarily, ho is studying tho innermost secrets of the preserves. ft may be said that if his sporting proclivities are so pronounced he ought in honesty to seek service with the squire, who would gladly engage him. So ho sometimes does, and is advanced gradually by good conduct to one of the most en viable occupations in the British Isles. But the Johanees are that his adven turous spirit would bo only half satisfied by sylvan servitude. He has no great liking for carrying or loading, or for walking in line with a stick in his hand, while his superiors have all tho fun to themselves. Stalking the glades by moonlight like a guardian ghost, or squatting, on weary sentry duty, in a damp ditch, has no special charm for him. Although neither a sluggard nor a sybarite, he would sooner bo in his warm bed. What tempts bim into sin or criminal trespass is the devilry delight ing in a dash of peril, with tho develop ment of tho instincts which make every country boy stone cats and birds though ho may be iu the habit of fondling the home puss on tbo hearth and be charmed by the ministrolsy of thrushes and black birds. 