TALKS BY THE WAY. We have often met lately, but have had no ohance of getting our talks re-! corded. What the world has lost in1 consequence it is not for me to say. When we met the other day. Jones had with him a good fellow from the country whom he called Reform. Jones intro duced him by his real name. But as Jones, for some reason, kept calling him xteiorm, 1 snau ao tne same. Uf course, Smith was sarcastic* as usual. After the introductions — Smith : Oh ! I had better go. Another reformer. They are as plentiful as the ghosts which the weird sisters produced to Maobeth. Jones : No, don't go away, old fellow. Eeform won't hurt youi Like the rest of us, he is quite harmless. Shows his teeth occasionally, but does not bite. By the way, have any of you seen thePotter Bellew Company ? : Incog : I have seen Mrs. Brown Potter and Mr. Bellew. The rest of the company I cannot say much for. Jones : What did you think of them ? Incog : I was agreeably surprised. I went with a sort of prejudice against both from what I had read of them. The piece was Francillon, and their represen tations of the two prinoipal characters were triumphs of art. For the rest of the company I cannot say much. It is a pity two such good actors have not a better company. ' Jones : All right, Incog. If we get VOU on this there wnn'f, ha rnnm fnv n.«v. thing else. My friend Eeform here is troubled about a State Bank. He has been reading a speech by Max Hirsch, and it has rather upset him. , Incog: Ohl I expect I know the speech you mean. Was it the lecture he gave at the Athenasum Hall in Melbourne when H. E. Eeid took the chair ? Eeform : Yes, that is it. I always be lieved in a State Bank ; but his remarks have quite upset me. ? Incog: Well, you see, to -begin with, Mr. Hirsch's remarks dealt chiefly with certain proposals by the Victorian Go vernment. So far as I can see, they did not touch the question of a State Bank on its merits. ,N6w, from what.. you understand by a bank, what definition should you give of it ? Eeform : That's rather difficult. Incog; No, it is not. A bank is ; an institution tor registering, assigning, and transferring titles ' k) property. Thus, I pay, say £200 dash, as we call it, into the bank. In the primary meaning of the word there may be no money in it. It may consist entirely of cheques, pro missory notes, or bills and bank notes. The bank registers me in its ledger as entitled to £200 worth of property. If I draw a cheque for £20 somebody else gets that, and the bank debits me with it ; that is, it registers me as having assigned £20 worth of my £200. Now, is there anything in that which a Go vernment cannot do ? As regards what is called ' real estate,' the Government already does it under the Eeal Property Act, and it could just as well deal with other property in the same way. Eeform : That is clear. Incog : Well, then a bank receives de posits. So does the Government in its Post Office Savings Bank. And surely it is absurd to say there is a principle in volved in the Government receiving de posits up to £20 to £100 or £200 which would be infringed if it received deposits up to £1000 or £10,000 or £20,000. Eeform : Go on. Incog: A bank manages the inland and foreign exchanges. The Govern ment already does this business by means of postal notes and post office orders, and why should it not extend its opera tions in both these departments ? Eeform : I don't see why it should not. Incog : Well, now, as to .the other business of a bank. Could not the Government as readily command the services of experts as joint stock banks ? And their management could not be worse thanthatof the private banks. If, as I think should be the case, the list of overdrafts was published every quarter or half year the opportunity for deception would not be nearly so great as they are now. As to the note issue, that is a small matter. No bank, State or private, can get into circulation more notes than the exigencies of trade require. Eeform: Suppose the State Bank failed? Incog : There would be a loss, and so there is if the joint stock banks fail. And in the latter case the loss is not confined to the shareholders and cus tomers, nor is the -result less a national calamity than it would be in the other case. ... . :, . ...... _. Reform : The subject is a big one. Inoog: Yes, it is; too big for us to get through to-day. Bui just take this one point.1 s- The Post Offioe. Savings Banks were started— why ?c Because forty or fifty years ago the losses in con nection with the private 'sayings banks were so great that it was a natural evolu tion for the State to take the .business. Precisely the sahie causes will inevitably hasten the arrival of the State Bank. The private banks have given', way to joint stock banks. For all practical purposes these banks combine in their own interests ; and more than once the' Government has been asked to come to their reseue. Surely it would be better for the State to have its own bank, which people may use or not as they like, and which would still leave the private banks to do their own business in their own way and on their own responsibility. Eeform : I must think this over. ' Incog: Do. Some day perhaps we, may have another talk on the subject. ' Smith: Well, Incog, I like your cheek. Here's the cruoial question — Can and will you lend me five shillings ? Inoog : No. I am afraid your , idea of a bank is like the Duke of York's— I mean the Duke of York who is known to fame by the Duke of York's Column in London. At a charity Sinner he was referring to Ooutts, I think it was, as his banker. The banker afterwards said he was afraid H.E.H. had made a mistake. He rather thought the Duke was their banker, as he kindly took care of their money for them. He had a big over draft. Smith : That will do. Good-bye.' 