NOTES OF THE DAY. (BY "OUTIS.") An American doctor Is In town promul gating a cult which, If It faJrly grips on to tho mind of tho populaco, will make tho doctoring trade bad for a few minutes. In order that It may speedily he better than again. Tho idea Is that you live a perfect life, train yourself up In the spi ritual v/ay you should go, and so eventually get to be proof against all tho Ills that unregenorato flesh 4s heir to. Man, tho doctor says, has got In him all tho 64 ele ments ol tho outside world. Then why should ho be afraid of them? Why he afraid of water, fire, air, microbes, or any thing else that is In tho human body, and that was specifically sent to be harnessed to human uses? Apparently the gentleman claims to havo educated himself up to tho stage where ho has got dominion over his body. Ho offers to "demonstrate scientific ally" that the power exists. Then let him demonstrate, so that by his works we may know him. I respectfully suggest a draft scheme for putting the question to a sound and satisfying test. Let a gentleman with power over his body ho taken up In a bal loon and dropped out from such a height as would give a common person a nasty, knock against the fast-breathing earth. Anyone who doesn't fear air needn't be afraid to go out in It. Let him, If he can't swim, ho spilled in tho middle of the deep est hath In the Natatorlum, and see whe ther water can hurt him. Let him ho In oculated by Professor Anderson-Stuart with the microbes of typhoid, cholera, diphthe ria, and such other varieties as may be In stock in tiho department of diseases. And for a fire test, tho grand old plan of walking barefoot on red-hot ploughshares would ho universally acceptable. If the object of such an exhaustive In quiry came out of it without having turned a hair, It would be possible to honestly guarantco him as one who proved what he preached. Or oven some milder test might bo taken as an earnest, not of good faith (for there Is no reason why anyone should suggest that tho doctor doesn't Implicitly believe what ho says) so much as of prac ticability. That is tho world's desire with respect to new schemes— practicability; and this, though In essence as old as the New Testament, perhaps Is new In Its pre sent form. Tho perfect life, faith, and the supremacy of Intellect over body, wero preached nearly 2000 yenTS ago, when watei became wine without the incidental use of grapes, when the dead were restored to life, and the cripple took up his bed and walked. Whether it went so far as to suggest that a man's mind was capable of being trained so that "nothing from the outside world could Injure him" is a question of interpre tation. But times seem to have changed since then. The good men of the day took their gifts Into their graves, aad the world Is becoming so sceptical and argumentative that nothing but a miracle performed in tho presence of reliable witnesses can re- stoA) it to within miles of the faithful con dition it was in when robbers bought In dulgences and pardons wero freely vended to a murderous peerage. And yet we havo mucli to ho thankful for in this regard. Laws drafted by men of cold worldly in stinct protect us pretty fairly, except against lawyers, and life 4s bettor worth living to the majority than It used to be. Besides, consider tho disadvantages lost as well as the advantages. Disuse of the cus tom by which Ananias lost his life, for ex ample, has work/jd to general satisfaction. Only ono man is known to havo lived during the last .few centuries who wouldn't have been cut down in his Infancy through its operation, and as the Washington parents didn't claim spotless veraolty, the chances are that If it had been In force there would have been no Georgo Washington. Mr. R. W. M'Leod, crickotor, of Mel bourne, figures bravely In tho "Age" In Bupport of the cricketer who doesn't see why he should not bo refunded the money, he loses through going abroad to play In Intercolonial matches. Mr. M'Leod has nevor asked for a copper in this form, but hereafter ho will demand expenses— which is a very reasonable demand to make. A man shouldn't ho asked to loso time and wages because ho happous to ho a good cricketer any moro than another should who knows enough about fluke and phos- phorised oats to bo put on a rabbit conven tion. But Mr. M'Leod raises another ques tion, which is new and tough, namely, why managers of touring teams aro paid If players aro not? As an old hand he is able to say that the manager Invariably makes a picnic of tho tour, on which he has lob bied his friends to mako him business agent. Ho walks about "as big as a bouse," and "has a beautiful time of it." He leans against tho bar and luxuriously names and gratifies his weakness in liquids while tho players aro running their legs off In chase of tho hall. I-Ie spends the association's money lu entertain ing his friends, dines at a separate table, and washes his meals down "with nothing but the best," what tlmo the play er humbly driuks tea or small beer on a back seat. Also there are "sundries" ap pearing in his bills which would, perhaps, bo difficult to accouut for. In short, tho players aro financially butchered to mako a holiday for an upstart, purse-proud man ager. Perhaps I ought to say that Mr. M'Leod is at pains to mention that tho manager he Is coming to Sydney with this week is "very popular." The suggestion of tho Postmaster-Genoral that all the Agents-General shall bo con sulted by tlioso actually put on the Pacific cable commission, and that In this way; Mr. W. P. Reeves, the coming New Zea land Agent-General, will bo able to stato the views of the colonies In detail. Is too thin. It doesn't cover what appears to bo tho real reason why the .conference ap pointed Sir Saul Samuel and Mr. Gillies, and It does Bliow why Mr. Reeves should havo been appointed, namely, because ho Is able "to state moro in detail, and with his later knowledge, tho views of tho colo nies." Clearly tho placo for him to do tho stating Is at meetings of tho commission. But ho is a young Agent-General, and tho conference seems to havo been afraid that tho others would revolt if lio was chosen over their heads. That Is the most feasible rea son for thoir doing as they did, and select ing two delegates, one of whom has boon embedded in his London office for over so many years, and can only havo a Bluo- book knowledge of Australian views about things, particularly and gcnorally. What this appointment points to is the need for a healthy system of changing Agents-Gene ral moro frequently. With us tho ofilco lias tacitly como to ho regarded as provid ing a suitable position for a politician who had no doubt done good service, but should liavo been provided for, if It was necessary, in another way. As trade and othor Bri tish- Australian relatives devolop. tho work an Agout-Goueral could profitably do hacomes dully moro extenslvo as tho fact that he should ho ail active general agent becomes more obvious. It is essential, too, that he should ho cloBely In touch with iho requirements nnd conditions of Ills colony which he cannot do when lie never leaves England in 15 yeare, except, perhaps, to take a trip to Ports or the Riviera. Kaiser William has been waving the Gor man flag over his hot hoad again, and say ing things lu a loud voice about tho gran- dour of Germany and the beauties of peaco. There never was such, a man for striking attitudes. IIo Is always at It. He seem3 to fill tho placo in Germany that Is sup plied iu England by respcctablo poors who havo big names and long podigrees, but are not burdened with largo Intellects or fat purses. They aro useful on directorates, whoro thdlr names attract llios to walk Into parlors, and for taking tho chair at public moctlngs to which tlioy lond an air of superiority. They give eolat to what might otherwiso ho bald and uulntorestlng functions. Tho Emporor has his uaos la the same way. Ho gives eclat on the most lavish scale wherever he goes, and Is cer tain to draw big gate money for any llttlo ceremonial ho may bo pleased to attend. On special occasions, such as national anni versaries, which occur every few mlhutoa In the Fatherland, lie can always be relied on to do something that will Incite tlio assembled soldiers to say "Hoch!" with all their lungs, though they wlnlt their other eyes, and all Europe grins widely. And between tlmos he occupies himself painting pictures for publication, composing musio to bo played by the Imporal band If nego tiable, teaching the old salts on Ills yacht how to reef and steer, and sending sudden compliments to rulers dependent on other powers. Some of these days the ghost of the Emperor William will leave its uneasy grave, and bo seen looking for its grandson with, intent to wound. 