A inn 11 loft alone with such thoughts ns mine timU's mi earnest iif death. The leaden hours passed slowly liy. mul al though t could mil have been Inside the gaol over live hours, (f seemed iiiniiy \vwk« to me before Lieutenant Uadson returned. " Phew !" lie snl«l. eyeing inc Intently. " Ymi simmii llic ghost of yourself, You ought not to give way like this." " Ought not V" I echoed. bitterly. " I>o you expect mi' to laugh niul dance uutli'i' my Kill V" "Come. i!oiiii'! It's uot so luiil as nil tlmt." In> added quickly. " I've n ques tlmi or two to (isle you. lit t!«> flint place, why did you pitch me that tale iiliout n gruesome tlrciini V" " What do you menu I cried ex citedly. "Why this- thilt you no more killed your rotiHlu tliuu I (lid !" " What! Ik Toiii not (lend ?' " I'nfortuuntcly, yes. Hut yon hail no blind in causing his death. The real murderer Iihs been found-wandering half-chid, mul raving mud, upon the moor.'1 " The real murderer!" 1 repeated vacantly. " Have uo fear; ho Ik III safe keeping now. He must. have let himself out of HIP house Immediately after thi> deed was done. Htlll retaining. iu spite of his undoubted Insanity, « lurking notion of the necessity of flight. of course. as noon its we missed lilm, tlio liue-imd-cry was raided, with the result tlmt lie wiik discovered on the moor, as I iiave sntil. chattering to lilmscif and chuckling over lils atrocity. He particularly gloats over Ills frenssled running lu having secretly (llehcd the Malay krlss from your room, nod lu replacing it without disturbing you, after he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by his ctmed brain. Certainly, the poor fellow Is uot, ac countable for his actions, yet bis people are greatly to blame " "But," J Interpafsed hastily, *'JVIU have not told uie who this madman IK." '. Why, it'B the man .vou knew nwny lu Jaffa-'Wallace Liewlti. His friends were nt oncc communicated with, and a brother of- Ills reached Vestholme mi hour ago. From him I learned that Ijowln has of Inte been somewhat erratic In his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt, of tlie. sunstroke he sustained a few months back In the U>vnut. ISver since then he litis been subject to periodic fits of inelnucbollii. but nothing serious was thought, of theui ; certainly, nobody Imagined that they would culinhiate, ns they have done. In a seizure of homi cidal mania. What Impelled hbu to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather thau upouyuny one else, 1 can't understand, unless, Indeed, It was for the reason I have already mentioned-! tlie uppiuent ease with which the uiur-j dor could be fathered upon you. Tlmt, too, seems to lie Mr. Oannttn's theory." " Ah 1 Has Mr. Cnnnan been to the Towers ?" " He came directly he beard of Tom's death. By the way, we were all ntl fault, with regard to Tom and Mr. Can nan's (laughter., I had a long talk with the old niuu, and, from what he said. I conjecture that Tom was endeavouring to smooth the path for you. Awurc tlmt her father would probably dlBconnte ! naucc liny engagement between .vou anil ; his child, because of your nusatisl'ac I tury pnxitinu lliianclnlly. Tom-the mag nanimous fellow-even hinted lit. settling n substantial annuity upon yon. oil con , <1 it Ion that Mr. cmimiii withdrew n.11 , obstacles. That expedient will now no ' longer be needed : cipially. of course. Miss Caiman knew nothing or these pending negotiations." "And she V" 1 murmured. "Have you seen or heard anything of her "Only thill she is In a state of anxiety and Indignation on account of your arrest, nigh bordering on distraction. Her father has gone to see about get ting .vou out of this Infernal bole, nmi if 1 might advise you. I would suggest thai you drive straight to Ills house, anil set her at rest. Iiark." added be. :is foot steps drew near the cell door. " here comes Mr. Canuau lu carry juu off,1' uSYeeklj? Bun.", 