DAY OF REST. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AGE. . . [From ifcheifcoV; Dr. pAMs'a ijpentagaddrega asModeratqrof Federal Assembly of Presby terian Churches of Australia and Tasmania, delivered in^diwurneSeptember 10,18UU.J - I When with the help of heaven's ownsoarch i light, that revelation of Christ, namely, which is the touchstone of the'Sternal, wo seek to diacern the signs of this time, it is hot har<l to discover strong and obvious reasons for -closing up our ranks and massing our spiritual forces against the common enemy. While strenuously repudiating the creed of the pes .sunist, it is impossible to deny the imperious necessity that exists for a united attack on the strongholds of sib, error, selfishness, and vioo," and for an equally warm defence of the citadel of righteousness, purity, goodness, and truth. As of old many falBO prophets are gone out into the world guilty of the supremo heresy in denying that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh. And many false professors "aro oomo into" the Church who put asunder that Christian theory and praetioe which Cod hath joined. All around ub is the clash of discor dant voices and the confusion of opposing views. In the poet's^, extravagant vein, ".Everybody is all at sea. The kingdoms of this world are still far from being the kingdom of our Lord'aud His Christ. Not yet do we see judgment running down our streets like waters, nor righteousness as a mighty river. I do not mean to say that the immediate outlook is destitute of promise; anything but that. The hopeful auguries aro many, and 1 would like at this stage to remind you of a few of them:— 1. it is a good omen, for example, that Holy Scripture is ©^erywhore subjected to such a microacopio examination with a view to ascertain ,more clearly its origin, growth, structure, history, contents, and principles. Whether this phenomenon is a part 01* a result of the relentless scrutiny that is brought to bear upon all tho ancient literatures, is a question that need not detain us here. Enough for our purpose that it is true. A fierce light beats upon every several corner in tho open field of Biblical criticism; and I pro nounce this a hopeful sign, because the un shakable truth has nothing to lose, but every thing to gain by the most rigorous investiga tion. The better tho double aspect of the Bible in its bestowal and development is understood, the more human and tho raoro divine is it seen to be. To tho luminous and reverent eye tho Book of Books stands out liko some glorious temple, none tho loss haunted and hallowed by the presence of tho Eternal that its sacred precincts are crowded by a motloy band of men and women, sinning, , suifenug, tried, tempted, hoping, aud trusting liko ourselves. 2. Another of those grateful symptoms is tho endless fascination that seems to attach to the study of tho life of Jesus Christ. It is without parallel in tlio annals of mankind. If it bo true, as some allege, that the noblest bequest a groat man can leave behind him is to force the world to explain himself, than is the aphorism pre-eminently true of the Christ, Who is this Son of Man whoso sublime interrogatory about Himself, " Whom say yo that I am?" reverberates through the ages, provoking and compelling men at every successive conjuncture of human history to face the* enquiry afresh as if it had never boon met and answered before? In this reflection there is a world of encourage ment for us. ■»- If Paul, tho prisoner of tho Lord in tho Imperial dungeons at Home, re joiced ia tho preaching of Christ by any man whether from a spirit of contention or affec tion, ought not wo to bo exceeding glad to tliinlc of tho patient consideration, sympa thctic or pitiless, bestowed on that unique biography frpm every camp and bv all classes ' and eonditiona?ofmen? To bain Hiscompany for a space, though in that romoto way, is to be brought in some measure under Mis magic spell and matchless influence, and who can forecast tho benefits of an association oven as slender and shortlived as that? 3. It is also matter for good cheer that tho "Holy Church throughout all tho world" seems more than ever to be awaking to the consciousness that she is nothing if not a great missionary institute. -Perhaps.it might bo too much to say that she has at any period of her history absolutely forgotten this. But the sense of her high calling in this respect was, if not absolutely quiescent, at least often very weak. To bo sure, it is even yet only tho ! seloctef spirits in our several communions who realize that, having freely received, they should as freely give. The average communicant, it is to be feared, does exceedingly littlo by , prayer, effort, sympathy, and contgjfnitions to leaven with divine life the mass of civilised heathenism that abounds at his own door, or the mass of barbarous heathenism that abounds abroad. But tho repetition and roassertion of tiie Master's standing orders by some, and the liberal and heroic execution of theOi by others, are beginning to tell on the Church at large. The effect ib most perceptible in the attitude by men towards the claims of foreign missions, and yet not on that alone. For in this matter, as in others, action and reaction are equal and opposite. The Christloss souls beside us will not suffer because of an increasing interest in the Christloss souls beyond us. It is ■ en couraging to recognise, therefore, that tho subject of missions as the groat end of the Church -is commanding a larger share of attention in all the denominations than it has hitherto boon wont to do. _ 4. One other cheer ing symptom of our time, which, in my opinion, ought not to be omitted here, is tho avowed principle of science and the results of her devotion- to it. Facts only, and not fancies wo arc told are tho objects of her search—forces only, and not phenomena, tho articles of her creed. And it cannot bo denied that science has laid the ghosts of many superstitions. For all truth brings emancipa tion. The loftier the truth the grander the freedom. She has done not a littlo to eluci date tho order and method of the divine operations as well as to unfold their excessive magnitudo and minuteness. By her means a marvellous breadth and body have been im parted to our intangible ideas of timo and space. Not that she has rifled nature of her secrets or emptied it of its wonders, for we arc still surrounded by a great wall not to lie scaled by any effort, not to be pierced by any weapon. In these modern times of ours, as in thoso more ancient ones of Augustine, all things go out and die nway into mystery. Still less has she been able by her experiments and observations to find God. "God ia not found by tho tests that detect you an acid or salt, while you search only for secrets that pro cess of science sets free. Nothing you'll find in the world but matter to handle and see. . , . What now if Spirit and God are the thought which is written out plain on tho great page of tho world, and your method of seeking is vain? Still it seems to ma cause for gratitude that we have in our midst a brilliant assem blage of men who avouch this as their motto —"The truth, and nothing but tho truth." Defections and deviations from such a lofty standard there must needs be. Hypotheses, speculations,. dogmas, even which tyro no foundation in iaat, aresorete be occasionally espousetL But bo long «s "truth" la the sovereign to whom they jmrfese. allegiance, wo ought to hailthsm as, br$&rbh;, even though, like ourselves, thoyarenotalwaysae eonsis tout in their loyalty as might he wished.. Vv - Considerations like these/4 however^-and they could eagjly be multiplied—register at most hilt one set of observations on the signs of the times. The induction is obviously in complete. _There are -phonomona around ub ofquitoa differBhtcliaractor which must also be taken into account, otherwise ours will be a fool's paradise. Bear with me, then, in an endeavour to submit a brief enumeration of some of the more unsatisfactory characte ristics of the age, to the end that we may better understand the mission of the Christian Church and tho manner of its fulfilment. There are, to begin with, certain defects in all. Churches, probably, which mm* their beauty, tap their energy, and reduoo their influence for good. Congregations lack that unity and cohesion which is born only pf (sympathy and love. Tho mutual ooufidonco and friendly intercourse and opportune assis tance which ought to distinguish tho several members of the family of Cod are frequently inoro hoaoured in tho breach than the obscr vanoe. The responsibility of administering the different organisations of» the Church is often ignominiously shirked by those wlioare com patent and able, and shifted op to the shoulders of those who, in their instinct for service, are more ready and willing. In the heart of not a few of the frequenters of tho sanctuary there never scorns to be a desire to 1 take part in any one of the redemptive move ments that emanate from, and centre in, the person of Jesus OhriBt. They oomo aud thoy go, and not one soul is made gladder by word they speak, or sign thoy make, or deed thov do. How can a congregation grow or flourish whore such inhumanities obtain? What can be Baid, moreover, of the tortuous expedients that everywhere abound for replenishing the Church's exchequer to which wo nil appear to he succumbing as to an inevitable necessity V Has it come to this, then, that tho Christian ministry among us is regarded as uothinjg better than a splendid charity? Even if it were granted that tho Church is not a divine institution at all, the support of whose ordi nances ought to lio as a perpetual obligation oh tlio hearts of tho Lord's people, still the point might be conceded that for tho most part the preachers of the Gospel are labourers worthy of their liiro. Until all the moinhors of our Churches make conscience of giving systematically—as to the Lord aud not unto men, and according to the measure of their ability—tho unseemly scramble for funds will go ' on while the various schemes of our Church, philanthropic and religious, will languish for want of suffi cient help. Extending our survey again, wo meet with other features hi Church life, which are at once discreditable to tho servants and dishonouring to tho Master. An unreasonable amount of time and temper is wastod on petty and trival affairs. Questions of eoclesiastical birth and genealogy, position and authority, rites and coreinouies, attitudes and gestures, nomenclature, and oven vestments, are dis cussed with spell warmth and gravity that an ignorant man might think that the prosperity and oven the existence of the Church of Christ hung upon their corroct solution. Old anoma lies are found under new conditions. Religious functionaries and formalists Btill go on rithing mint and anise aud cummin and omitting the weightier matters of tho law—judgment, and mercy, and faith. Spiritual success is measured by material results. Blind attachment to one denomination is often identified with personal devotion to tho Christ. It is deemed a work meritorious in some quarters toallure members from 0110 Christian Church to another. Apos tolical succession does not any mora stand for a succession of apostolic men. The sacred pas sion of winning souls to tho Saviour ever and again gives place to tho vulgar ambition of in creasing the niemljership of tho Church or the denomination. (To be Continued.) 