Is Typhoid a, Preventable Disease ? ANY mun or woman 'who has ever'struggled I through the 10, 12, or 15 weeks' experience lof a determined attack of typhoid fever will think (says tl)e English HOSPITAL) we have [ placed.an exceedingly important question at i the head of thin annotation. Can. typhoid be prevented 1 Well, either it can or it cannot ; either it is a disease whose cause we know und can deal practically with, or it remains still one of those mysteries: which baffle science and practico alike. But typhoid is not now u " mystery " to the man of science ; I of that wp are sure. It is, on the contrary, a' well understood ' and entirely .'manageable ?and' proventalile"Tnaludy. : Dr. T. E. Hay ward, medical officer'of health', for Haydock,. Lancashire, tells his parish in his annual re port not only that it is preventable, but also I by what precise and simple means" it may he I prevented. We have hud ' occasion before to, ¡express approval of Dr. Hay ward's intelli-' i genoe and thoroughness ns a medical officer l of health, and we commend with confidence i his tersely expressed " Principlesof Typhoid I Prevention," ax mailt! public in his report for; I 1895. .".Typhoid is u, preventable disease,' I says this authority. It is a disease of tilth, and especially of the til th of, li unían, excre I ment. ' That is¡ to lie taken ns the beginning of knowledge,, tho A B C of typhoid.preven I tion, hy the unscientific. The next step is i equally easy.vTyphoid is a disease of bacilli, I typhoid' bacilli ; und the bacilli we timi in I human excrement, and in drinking water I fouled by 'such .excrement. . It is probable I that no man or woman ever takes typhoid' ' except by swallowing some typhoid"-bacilli.. I They may he swallowed,-as wo have said, in drinking water," or they may be flying about in the air in the neighbourhood of typhoid excrement,1 'and may 'be swallowed with' 1 mouthfuls of air. Wh-tt, then, . is the first I and last commandment of typhoid preven I tion 1 " Cleanliness ; personal and public I cleanliness.'' It is all there.' If, we: keep ourselves clean ; if we keep our drinking i water clean ; if .we. keep our closets and our I drains, our kitchens, sculleries,' gardens, streets, and. towns entirely clean, typhoid will be practically ss great ' a stranger, to I most of us us is the ghost of King Solomon ' or the shade of the extinct Deinotheriunx - 