Chapter XXVI. ABOVE THE SNOW-LIKE. ". . . . le temps l'achevc." Before Betting out we had a light breakfast at the Hotel des Alpes, where we were in formed by several persons, and on two far ther occasions by the waiter, that the " patron " was deaf. Indeed, the village had no other news. The postmaster had ordered a carriage, which, however, could only take as two miles on oar road, for this ceased at that d:stance, and only a bad bridle- path led onward to Italy. Alphonse was by this time beginning to fe»l the effects of his long ride and sleeplesB nigbt, lor he had not closed his eyes, while I i<o 1 snatched a priceless hour of sleep. More over, the hardships of the cauipaiga had f-n'iered him leas equal to a sadden strain than a man in good condition. He kept up biavely, however, despite a great thirst which at this time assailed him, and sent him to the brook at the Hide of the path muoh too often for hiB good. We entered at onoe on a splendid piece of monntain scenery, and soon left behind ns the vivid green of the npper valley. To oor left a sheer crag rose from the valley in one unbroken slope, and in-front the mountains seemed to elose and bar all progress. We had five thousand feet to olimb from the' frontier stone, and I antioipated having to aocomnlish the ^larger part of it alonn. They had'warned us that we should find eight feet of snow at the summit of the pass. Miste had assuredly been hard pressed to attempt such a passage alone, and bearing, as he undoubtedly did, a large sum of money. The man had a fine nerve, at all events; for on the other side he would plunge into the wildest part of Northern Italy, where the human scum that ever hovers on frontiers had many a-fastness. Villainy always re quires more nerve than virtue. I meant, however, to catch Mr. Charles Miste on the French side of the Chapel of the Madonna de Finestra. We trod onr first snow at an altitude of about five thousand feet. The spring, it will be remembered, was a cold one in 1870, and the snow lay late that year. At last, on turning a corner, we saw (about two miles ahead of us) a black form on the white ground, and I confess my heart stood Btill. Alphonse, who had no breath for words, grasped my arm, and we stood for a moment watching Miste, for it could be no other. The sun was shining on the great snow-field, and the man's figure was the one dark spot there. He was evidently tired, and made but slow progress. "1 am not going to lose him now," I said to Alphonse. " If yon cannot keep up with me say so, and I will go alone." " You can go at yonr own pace," answered the Frenchman with admirable spirit, " and I will keep up till I drop. 1 mean to be in at the death if I can." Miste never turned, butcon'inned his pain ful upward way. He was a light stepper, as his shallow footprints betokened ; but I saw with grim delight that each step of mine overlapped his measure by a couple of inches. There is nothing so still as the atmosphere of a summit, and in this dead silence we hurried on. Oiraud's laboured breathing alone broke it. 1 glanced at him, and saw that his face was of a pasty white and gleaming with perspiration. Poor Alphonse had not mncb more in him. 1 Blackened pace a little. " We are gaining on him—every step tells," said I encouragiugly, but it was clear that my companion wonld soon drop. We went in silence for nearly half an honr, and gained visibly on Miste, who never looked or paused. At the end of the time we were I within a mile of him, and only spoke in' whispers, for at such an altitude Bonnd travels far. Every moment that Miste was ignorant of the pursuit was invaluable to us. 1 could see clearly now that it was be and no other — the man's back wob familiar to me and his lithe, springy gait "Have you a revolver?' whispered Giraud as we stumbled on. " Not I." "Then take mine—I cannot—last much longer." Supposing that Miste should be in better training than myself ! Supposing that when he turned and saw us he should be able to in-! crease his pace materially—he would yet escape me 1 1 stretched out my hand and took the^re volver. which was of a familiar pattern. I made up my mind to shoot Miste sooner than lose him; for Che chase ha<Tbeen a long one, and my blood was hot * . We were gaining on him still, and the heat of the day made h imslaoken his pace. The sdn beat down on as from * cloudless sky. My lips and; throat were like dry leather. Alphonse had long been-cooling his with snow. We did nor oue CO speak now. All oar hearts were in our eyes—at any moment Miste might tarn. . ... » Suddenly Alphonse lagged behind. I glanoed at him, and be pointed onward; so f went on. It was difficult enough to breathe at such an altitude, and my heart kept making matters worse by leaping to my throat and choking me. - I felt giddy at times apd shivered, though the perspiration ran off my face like rsin. - ■ . I was within three hundred yards »f Miste now, and Alphonse was somewhere behind, me—I conld not pause to note how fu. We were near the summits, and the world seemed to contain bat-three men. My breath was short, and there was closkwork going in my head. ' , _ ^ .. Then at length Miste turned.^ He took in all at a glance, probably recognising us. At all evnts, he had no donbt of oar business for he hurried on, and I could see his hand at his jacket pocket. Still I gained oh him. " Beer against absinthe," I remembef thinking. - There was an unbroken snow-field, ahead of us, the sheer side of a mountain with the footpath cut across it—a strip of bice sha dow. . After ten minutes of rapid climbing, Miste turned at length and waited for me. He had a cool head ; for he carefully buttoned his coat and stood sideways, presenting as small a target as possible. He raised his revolver and covered me. " He won't fire yet," thought I, forty yards below him, and I advanced quickly. He stood covering me for a few seconds and then he lowered his arm and waited for me. In such an atmosphere we could have spoken in ordinary tones, but we had nothing to say. Monsieur Miste and I understood each othet without need of words. " Fire, you fool!" cried Giraud behind me —nearer than I had suspected. I was within twenty yards of Miste now— the man had a narrow white face and was clean shaven. I saw it only for a moment; for the revolver came up again. " He is probably a bad shot and will miss first time," I thought quickly as I crept upward. The slope was steep at this point, I saw the muzzle of the revolver quiver, a sign, no doubt, th«t he was bearing on the trigger. Then there was a flash and the re» port, as it seemed, of a cannon. I staggered back and dropped on one knee. Miste had hit me in the shoulder. I felt the wared blood running down within my clothes, ana h&d; a queer sensation of having fallen from a great height "I'll kill him—I'll kill him I" I found my self repeating in a silly way as I got to my ieet aeain. No sooner was I np than Miste fired again, and I heard the bullet whistle past my ear. At this I whipped out Giraud'a revolver, for I thought the next shot would kill me. The scoundrel let me have it a third time, and tore a piece out of my cheek—the pain of it was damnable. I now stood still and took a careful sight, remembering in a dull way to fire low. I aimed at his knees. Monsieur Charles Miste leapt two feet up into the air, fell face dowDwards, and oame sliding down towards me, clutching at the Bnow with both hands. I was trying to stop my two wounds, and began to be conscious of a swimming in the head. In a moment Giraud was by my side and clapped a handful of snow on my cheek* He had been through, the winter's campaign, and this was no new work for him. He tore open my shirt and pressed snow on the wound in my shoulder, from which the blood wai pumping slowly. I was in a horrid plight, but in my heart knew all the while that Miste had failed to kill me. Giraud poured some brandy into my mouth, and I Gnppose that I was nearly loBing con sciousness, for I felt the spirit running into me .like new life. In a moment or two we began to think of Miste, who was lying on bis face a few yards away. " A11 right now f asked AlphonBe cheerily. " All right," I answered rising, and going towards the bl-tck form of my enemy. •; We turned him over. The eyes were open —large liquid eyes of a peculiarly gentle ex pression. I had seen them before in ltadley's hotel at Southampton - under a gay little Parisian hat. I was down on my knees in a moment—all cold with the thought that I had killed a woman. But Charles Miste was a man—and a dead one at that. My relief was so great that I could have shouted aloud. Miste had, then*, fore, been within my grasp at Southampton, only eluding me by a clever trick, carried out with consummate ;art. The dead face seemed to wear a smile as I looked at it. Alphonse opened ths man's shirt, and we looked at the small blue hole through which my bullet bad found his heart Death must have been very quick. I dosed the gentle eyes, for they seemed to look at me from 4 woman's faoe. "And now for his' pockets 1" I said, hardening my heart. We turned them out one by one. His purse contained bat little, and in an innep pocket some Italian silver for use across the frontier. He had thought of everything, this careful scoundrel. In a side pocket, pinned to the lining of it, I found a flat paofcet enveloped in newspaper. This we unfolded hastily. It contained a number of papers. I opened one of than—a draft of five thou «and3 pounds drawn by John Tomer on Messrs. Sweed and Carter of New Fork. I counted the drafts aloud and had a long task, for they numbered seventy-nine. "That," I said, handing them to Giraud, ' is the half of your fortune. If we have luck we shall find the remainder in Sander's hands at Genoa." And Alphonse Giraud must needs embrace me, hurting my shoulder most infernally, ana pouring oat a rapid torrent of apology and self-recrimination. " I listened when it was hinted to me tbatyoti were not honest," he cried, " that you were not seeking the money at all, or that you had already recovered it! I have watched yon as if you were a thief. Mon Dieu! what a scoundrel X have been 1" " At all events yon have the money now." "Yes"—be paused, fingering the papers, while he thoughtfully looked down into the vHlley. " Yes—Dick—and it cannot buy me what I want," Thus we are and always shall be, when we possess at length that for which we have lont; feinted."-' 4 • v.«4: We made a farther search' pockets, and found, noshing- -3 clothing was of the finest, andhra l igeani&d; delicate. J hSd> qu« regret "Hhat he should: be fle_ _ . mated his life the* jntuiy montW «id now powessingit.d*. ——————— •ires I They etalk through life behind us, an army of eilent ghosts. Formontbsatfcerwards I missed him—incomprehensible though this may appear. A good foe is a tonic to the heart. Some of ns are virtuous for the sake of our friends ; others pay the tribute to their foes. There was still plenty of work for us to do, though neither wrb in a state to execute it. My left arm had stiffened right down to the fingers, which kept closing up despite my endeavours to keep life and movement in them. The hurt in my cheek had fortu nately ceased bleeding, and Giraud had bound it up with Miste's haukerchief. I recall the scent of the 6ne cambric to this day, and when I smell a like odour Bee a dead man lying on a anowfield. We composed Miste in a decent attitude, with his slim hands crossed on his breast, and then turned our steps downward to wards St Martin Lantosque. To one who had never known a day's illness, the fatigue consequent upon the loss of so much blood was particularly irksome, and I cursed my luck many a time as we stumbled over the snow. Giraud would not let me finish the brandy in his flask, but kept some for an emergency. The peasants were at work in the fields when we at length reached the valley, and took no heed of us. We told no one of Miste, lying alone on the snow far above, but went straight to the Gendarmerie, where we found the chief, a sensible man, himself an old soldier, who heard our story to an end without interruption and promised to give us all assistance. He 6ent at once tor the doctor and held my shoulder tenderly while the ball was taken from it. This he kept, together with Miste's revolver, and, indeed, acted throughout with the greatest shrewdness and good sense. As an old cam paigner he strongly urged me to remain quietly at St, Martin for a few days until the fever, which inevitably follows a bullet wound, should have abated • but on learning that it was my intention to proceed at once to Genoa placed no difficulty in my way. Knowing that I should find Sander at Genoa, where I could be tended, Giraud de cided to remain at St. Martin Lantosque until Miste had been buried and all formalities ob served. So I set forth alone about midday—in a private carriage placed at a wounded man's disposal by some local gcod Samaritan—feel ing like a worm and no man. 