llBAHHECBflFWOBX. (By Ernest Favenc.) \tSKjf ELL, Chinese is ram folk,' \ / J!?£ said Jml- '* aever had much W J&F; to do witn em myself- tout ._--- -irS ''«* old mate of m^ne told me «-*-—^^Sl/ ji ,a queer story about one of W f—jB^'^Them un north. You've been up that way, haven't you— north of Queensland, I mean?' 'Yes; I've been there.' 'There's heaps of alliga tors there, so this man says?' ' 'Plenty in places.' 'His name was Denis Slatwell, not the Slatwell ?who was known as Tig's Meat,' because a pig ate part of the calf of his leg when he was asleep aead drunk, and he always walked with a kind of a kick afterwards. I don't know if he 'was any ' relation; but it don't matter. Denis said this yarn was as true as a speech in Parliament, and, with the exception of selling a horse, I always put him down as a truthful kind of man. 'It seems that you never can get to the bottom ci a Chinaman, even when he's drunk he'shiding something from you, and he's got all manner of queer notions of his own about his body after he dlo3. Always wants a fuss of some sort made about it. However, if you've been knocking about those parts you might know if it's at all likely to be true; for I don't believe in having any leg pulled. This happened at a place called Burketown. Ever been there?' 'Yes.' 'According to Denis, it's fairly alive with alli gators. If anyone gets up at daylight they think nothing of seeing two or three scuttling off down to the river. Two Chinese gardeners had a gar den near the river, and one of them died of fever, and was buried by the other Chinese. .-They didn't bury him deep, because they meant to dig him up again afterwards, and cart his bones back to China. One morning the live Chinaman got up, and going to have a look at the grave, he found. ?- to his astonishment that it had been dug out, and the corpse was missing. Well, he searched about everywhere, and at last, by the tracks, he came to the conclusion that the blessed alligators had nosed him out and taken him away. 'Some of the fellows from the township came down and examined the tracks, and came to the conclusion that it was so. Denis himself was on© of them, and was quite convinced of it. Any how, the Chinaman was terribly upset about it. It seemed the dead partner was some sort of a re lation of his, and he said he could never dare to go back to China without the other man's bones. He sold out the garden to a couple of his country men, and used to pass all his time sitting on the bank of the river cursing at the alligators. Denis said bis curses were something awful. For all they were in Chinese, and no one ? could under stand them, they were that bloodcurdling that three of the hardest swearers and drinkers in the town took the pledge, and his oaths killed all the bees round where he used to sit. Of course, it ?wouldn't take much of this before he went loony, and turned dangerous, so they set out to quiet him. They got some blackf ellow^s bones and put »em to soak in the river. Then the first alligator that was shot they produced these, and told him that they were those of his lost countryman, and that everything was right now, and he could give over cursing and take a rest. He was a simple minded Chow, and took it all in, or appeared to; and they had a fresh funeral, and roasted another sucking pig, and gave the corpse a second send 'Everybody thought that things had been smoothed down nicely, and the three men who had sworn off went on an entirely new bender on the strength of it, when everything was capsized. 'Some Chinese fishermen at the mouth of the river caught an alligator, and inside was the real and original Chinese gardener. There were lots ofi things to identify him by, and the Chows howl ed ali. night at what they had done. They dug up the bones again, and hove them into the river, and buried the fresh find there, and once more peo v pie thought there was peace on the earth. .- 'But it wasn't to be. The new corpse couldn't Test in the grave where the blackfellow had been, and took to haunting; his old partner, which was a thundering mean thing to do. He insisted that seme of his bones were missing — not important bones, but, still, their absence annoyed him, 'and his partner would have to find them or he'd know what for. * ;, 'Now the Chow had done his level best all through, and this trouble coming on top of the other made him a bit cranky. Up he goes to the police magistrate, and states the case to him. The P.M. tried to soothe him down, and explain to him that his jurisdiction didn't .extend to the next world, and the best thing he could do was | to pack up his duds and clear out somewhere else. However, this didn't satisfy the Chinaman, and he went down to the river and started curs Ing the alligators again, as the original source . of all the trouble; but the alligators took no notice of him, so he up and hung himself on one of the trees he had killed with his outrageous bad lan guage. Then for the third time flie people thought that the matter was settled. , But.it wasn't by a long chalk. It's a serious thing to have trouble with a Chinese ghost, seemingly. The two ghosts = got quarrelling, and they used to play up eld Harry with the garden, which didn't .belong to them at all. ' They had no sense of fairness and honesty, for the men who fr^d bought the garden — x couldn't help matters. But at it they'd go, and Bit there in the night and spit Chinese at one * ancther, and heave vegetables at each other, and ?wreck the whole show. The other Chinese used tp-try and keep them away by banging kerosene tins, cracking whips, and firing suns, and this kJnd of jamberee went on every night until not a soul in the town could get a wink of sleep. 'The P.M. told the Chinese to dig up the bones and bury them somewhere else, and they did so, for they were pretty well full of the racket. But it was not an atom of good. The two ghosts had selected that garden for their fights to the finish, and meant to have it out there, right or wrong. ^ 'It was a low Jdnd of act on the part of the first: ghost, and if I'd have been up there I'd have tried to reason with him; but, perhaps, being- a Chinese ghost, he wouldn't have been open to argument. Still, I should like to have tried it on, -for I never did tackle a Chinese ghost. 'Now the^ Chinese had sent off to one of their countrymen, and neser said a word to anybody, which Is their way. One day the man they wanted came. . A Chinese doctor, who could flat ten any ghost if he got a fair show. He made all inquiries, and shook his head very gravely and, said that it was all the fault of the alligators! and they wanted cursing properly. But the P.M. objected. Said that they'd had enough of that game already, and the only thing it had donfe was to bring -m a drought. If anybody tries It any more he should be run in straight 'The Chinese doctor, 'a very polite man, said that it was a pity, as he had a new patent* curse, ?warranted to stand hot weather, and he 'was anx ioas to try it. However, he would do his best. 'It was a bright moonlight night when he went ont to the field of action, and all the township tamed out to see the fun. Denis says it was the best thing he ever saw. The ghosts were Sard at it, hauling each. other about by their pig tails and using the most iniquitous language. ?Xtte doctor out on a nafr nf hnm onoo^ni™ -~.,_i. - -?e& up to them and solemnly stared at them /TBey didn't pay much heed to him at first, ont gradually they/began to get uncomfortable and look aaeasay at the doctor, until at last he stared them into: being quiet. Then he made them a. speech;.;everybody said it was a most beautiful speech, although no one understood a single word -* it but the ghosts. When he had finished he made a step forward, and, lifting his hand, shooed at them, and the ghosts retreated. On lie went until he had shooed 'them right out of thegar dSan, down among the ti-ees T-y the river and clean ? . . oat .of sight.- Presently he came back by him ? .aeif. ' He expiiined that this was -only tiie com meneement, that it would take some days to complete- the work, and as he was, talking there ... arose the most horrible uproar from where file ghosts had' disappeared. It.seems.that not know ing the country, he nad snixKid ffi^ into ?dts blacks* campi. and the niggers were bolting fit all direcUbna. However, that .didn't matter, for -everyone got a sleep, that night, and' next' day ? ' :fiie doctor was made an. awful lot- of by . all . *^Nbw, there seems to 'be no besting a Chinese . ? ' '~ ' gjtoi.' Ercryiignt feat doctor went out to take a fall oxit ot the ghosts, but they' dodged him this way. *T They had to go, but he couldn't control the direction, and one night he shooed - them into a mob of travelling cattle, and they rushed to glory, jtftatfeer j^^ he fiSboea them through the. back wall of the -bafcerfs iouBe, and the baker's wife, -rao wasin,^ Jjaterasting«mdition, was frighten eft nearly to deafly asbd there was trouble. So ? , he had to hit xipdn something ^se, and ite^Bd it— - i.93ust got there ia the bull's «ye. ' 'ffejtqid ttieighostTwhoiiaade aJUtbe-foss that he was going to examine his skeleton to find out : ? Widiea Vof i4s;bones 'whs misBtagrthat he was mak \- ine.all this wiaialjout-. Tb4sataggered the ghost, and fie .seemed ijulte put pjat. At last he owned ud JJiat it was one -of ike fingers of his Ugt hand. ? '' ' . '???-'' ' ' 'f :?-.'? ' ? .' - ? ? ? ' Now. would you believe such low down, rascally conduct on the part of even a Chinese ghost! That iinger had, been chopped off by an accident y$ars and years before he came to Burketown. It had never been within hundreds of miles of the place, and the alligators who'-had been so becureed were not guilty of keeping the property, and as for his partner, whom he had driven to suicide, he had never even sees tie missing finger. ?_' It was all'a bit of spite,' because the bones of the black fellow had been .put in his grave. - Do you tbiok it's a true bill?' 'I should say that every word of it was a stub born fact.' 'Ah!' I'm glad you think that, knowing the place. J should not like to suspect Denis of lying, unless it was about horses, which of course is na tural and ' allowable. Besides, I know that if a ghost once makes up its mind to be a. nuisance it's bound to find some excuse; but that was the maugiest dodge I eyer knew.' 