HOW BAMISTO'S PLOT JAM. A STORY FROM HISTORY. Rain fell in torrents from the grey- black clouds. In the heart. of the storm a little body of English dragoons was, sullenly splashing and floundering along the drenched road between Grau- .i.lilln .mrl Tlnhlerln. Thoj- were soaked to the skiu .and taint from long fasting, but their gloomy silence was due to ueitlier rain nor hunger. After a hard-won victory — tlic famous fight of Talavera— they were retreating before the French forces, hnd tills' filled tliom with rage aud slinme. . Beside the grim figure of Sergeant- Major Barton, Lieutenant Trevor was riding with slack reins, leaviug his clever mount to pick her own way In the rutty road. A trooper galloped alongside, and snlutcd. "Major Bruce wishes a few words with you, sir." Major Bruce, who was in charge of llio little force, was a man of obstinate and headstrong temper. "Well. Trevor." he said, as the hand some young suliailorn camt altreast of him. "we can't he far from the little village we not iced on ihe map — San Marco, was it not ? Send forward a sergeant and It cnnple of ittcn to find the road, and to get news from the first peasant they see. If San Marco is near we will hait there for the night." The lieutenant gave the requisite or- ders. the troopers appointed pushed on ahead, end the rest of the little caval cade continued its march. Soon the scouts returned, the ser geant with a terrified Spanish boy be fore him in the saddle. The major, frowning at the small and shrieking captive, addressed him stern ly in the best Spanish lie could muster. " Slot) your shouts, you howling brat, and atiswcr.cf 'T will have yon shot. How far off is San Marco? Which is the way? And— no lies, mind, or yon arc lost— have you seen any French sol diers in litis part since the last English troops went by?" The prisoner— a tiny, brown-skinned, dark-eyed peasant hoy. perhaps ten years old— was more terrified than ever by these awful threats. "Let me try. major," said Trevor at last, and lifting the little captive on his own horse." trotted a few paces apart, talking soothingly in Spanish to the hoy meanwhile. "No. I am not English, my boy." he repeated, reassuringly, adding sotto voce: "I'm Scotch, though. And I won't eat you. 1 ant going to take you home. Where do yon live? San Marco? Ah, I thought so! And what is your name? Pedro Sccra — (hat is a fine name, isn't it?" In ten minutes he had pacified the lad. and learnt all he could tell— which was not much. San Marco was two miles off on. the left road. "Mother", was there. , "Mother" worked at some place whose name he could Dot pro nounce, and Pedro had seen no French men. Soon after the troopers trotted into San Marco— a mere desolate cluster of huts— with Tedro perched on Lieuten ant Trevor's liorse and chatting mer rily of his parents, and of the fierce bulls he had 'seen on the hills. The troopers were quartered in barns and stables; the senior officer, with his lieutenant and two sergeant-majors, saw that sentries were posted and troopers and horses safely bestowed for the night before making for the filthy little inn, their temporary headquar ters. At the. Inn door they were met by an olive-complexioned Spaniard, who in troduced ' himself as Bautisto' Muerta; steward to Bon Miguel de Flores. ,1Tis master, he explained, had fled to Por tugal—this cruel war had ruined him — but such poor quarters as the. don's house. El Castello. afforded were' at the English officers' service. "Better -stay here, among the men," suggested Trevor to his chief. "What, iu this. hole?" retorted the major. "There is not the ghost of. a Frenchman for miles: no one has seen' a sign of one. No. -I will leave Ensign Faneonrt in charge here:. he can, speak the lingo as. well as any of We. vyill ride up at once," he said to. the steward. ; "Pardon, but this Ms not "possible, ; senor," replied Muerta.' "The road is ! very steep, aud difficult for horses even bv the day." . >j >r> r " Very good. then, we must walk,", said the English leader. "Ana'yon two men. Barton and Ward, had'better cotne. too." "Barton, bring my holsters," -whisper ed the lieutenant. Major Bruce took no snob, precaution, A stiff climb up the hillside in the un- certain light ot a clouded moon Drought the party to EI Castello— a' rambling, desolate old house, unlit, sage for- a flickering light. in one window.: Fol lowing Muerta into the-.empty.hgU and up a broad stairway, the dragoon 'en tered a long salon. Dark old 'faraily portraits occupied one wall of the room, a few articles of- heavy -oak-fiirnitDre stood about, and a couple of candles wore burning on a small, plain table, on which a tasty repast was spread/ The! major's eyes glistened at the sight of two bottles of wine. :. . v j A 'comely woman of middle-age. wbo was busy -at the table, looked curiously, at -Lieutenant Trevor. "Shall. I sbow, you your.rooin, excellency?" sh.e.asked in Spanish. "Never niiud that now — let's have some supper. I aul famished." cried the major. His junior courteously. <de eliued the woman's offer, and the. ineal commenced. Muerta stood behind the table, obse quious, but watchful. He left his post for an instant, however, to . close' the door after-the servant on lier-'entry with a fresh dish; as she passed Tnevor, she whispered in his ear, "The wjne-— beware!" and instantly . emptied bis- glass aud Barton's into a dish she" Was removing. There was no time for more ere Bau tisto resumed his post. Trevor, startled by his strange warning repeated ,it In English to Barton, laughing meanwhile,' as if at a joke he was makliigl and rfcly- ing on the steward's ignorance of, the- language. - But he saw with dismay that Major Bruce apd the second' .ser geant-major . had already; drained a glassful ,08011 of fhe beverage' so strangely' denounced." ' -. , Supper being ended, the table was cleared, pipes were filled, and it lie four dnigopns settled down to a: limy Lour bC-' fore goiqg to- rest. The.-sub.dteru.still brooding over his inexplicable' warning, saw his superior officer' and1 Sergeant, Major Ward were already- nodding; in their chairs, ,and his uneasiness deepen ed. Their host had left the solo u , pre ceded by lite servant, aud closing the heavy door after him. " '. "Beg pardon, sir." said Sergeant-. Major Barton, as soon as the soldiers were left to themselves, "hut that wo man knows something queer. "The, se cond time she came In she gave me a look and slipped a paper Into, my hand; here it is sir." He produced a folded scrap of paper with a few words scrawled onijt lit Spanish: "Why, oh why, would. you -not let roe' warn you earlier? -Muerta ls-,m traitor. 1 am ,snre of It— he. sent a See- ret messenger an hour ' since. Tte French— the fifth panel .from liie win dow — The npte ended abrtqitly, as : l .< -1 i ' V , though the writer had been suddenly disturbed. ""The fifth panel !" repeated Trevor In- — bewilderment and alarm. "What can she mean?" ' ' He sppmg to his feet, seized his pis tols. and strode to the door. If was fastened! He shouted aloud to Muerta —all was silent in the house save for the echoes his cries awakened. The stout oak door defied the shock of his weight and Barton's. "Konse Ward and the major, man- quick!" lie cried: but the sleepers could not be stirred by all Barton's shouts and pushes. Escape by the window. with two helpless comrades, Treyoc . saw to lie impossible. "Trapped!" he said, bitterly, at last, and then muttered again: "The fifth panel— what can she mean?" ' He paused before the panel denoted. It bore the portrait of a soldier In fif teenth-century war gear, and seemed to differ in no way from the others. He taliped tiie wood-work with Ills sabre's hilt: it rang hollow. He tried the next 3nd (lie next: they sounded muffled and dead. "I have it!" he Shouted. "There is a. chance .vet. Quick. Barton, drag that big bench before the door, pile (lie choirs on it— anything to barricade the door!" Tlic puzzled sergeant-major blieyed. "It is a sibling-panel, man." the lieu tenant cried; "we must find the spring of it." With eager fingers they searched amongtiie scrolls and (lowers carved ofe llio heavy oak frame, liut no spring or noli repaid their seareh. Ill desperation. Trevor drew one of his horse- pisiols from its bolster, cocked both iriggers. and fired at the head of the portrait. The heavy bul lets tore the canvas nnd splintered the wood-work beneath. Iciaplug oil the table, he peered through one of the boles, jinn lnade.aml shouted, "I can see a fniut light. P.arton: Lend n hand to smash this in!" Together tliey crashed (ho panel in willi the table, liieir comrades sitting like statues throughout the din. A gaping passage was disclosed, faintly lit by a side grating. Voices and foot steps echoed iu the hall. "In with you." the lieutenant cried : aud Barton, bent nearly double under llio weight of his brother sergeant- major. clambered from the table into the opening. With bis sword in Ills . right hand, and the major's limp body across his shoulder. Trevor followed, kicking over as he went the one candle that had remained alight. A voice at the. salon door cried In French: "Yield yourselves, dogs of-. English,. ! . You are trapped!". , . The barricade cracked" and groaned as the door was thrust inwand-. Groping along the .dim passage, strik ing against beams, and choked- with- dust. the;two soldiers, with their. help-, less burdens, reached and descended a steep flight of steps, unbolted a low, door at tbe foot, and passed "out. in to the moonlight "Halt !" cried a deep voice from the shrubbery behind -the fugitives, and then added, in amaze: "Well, be jabers. 'tis the liftinent and Barton, bhoys!" "Yes. here- we are, Denny," answered Trevor. "Post a strong guard at that gate, quick!" A dozen Frenchmen, followed by the traitor Muerta, Issued ' 'one by one through the low door, undone by one were seized and tied..; ; . , "An;- more, gintlemin a-cpmjn". sorr?" asked Trumpct-ilajor Denny, while Tbe troopers roared with laughter. ! ' . "That we must find out," replied the subaltern. , . „ . At: that moment Epsigh Faneonrt came ropud the angle of the house, fob- lowed by a dozen troopers, and the two little bands made a cautious search, but not another enemy could .he fonnd.- Tbe main doors were ajar, and with; in the. house was only the woman who had given Trevor such'fimely Winning. ' "Who told'you df'dur:pefil?'!'gasked the lieutenant; turning to Ensign Fan- court! - i ;,:j >-!A little gipsy-)ooking bpybrouit a note in Spanish," was the repiy. '- .The woman stepped forward! ""Tito Frencli scouts' "were'fcllowtng -you .fell day,"'Bhe said to Trevor -In her, nattye tongue, chut they were, pot An fprce em ough to attack you. Marsha/ Vict of offers a big bribe for every British offi cer captured, and the ' villain Bautisto!s plan was to : drug you and then call-lp the' sebuteL:: Ho -suspected ,.me,iaad would not let me.leavcjthe houseso/l sent (little. Pedro , down to tlic village with a, letter!"' "r" »j> . 'TV e o we you our liberty, , perhaps oqr lives!"1 said Lieutenant -Trevor, warm ly. "Yon must, love the English, wgll to risk so much for, them." ,r "No," sjie replied, lightly, with a care less snnigr ' "Trench dr: English; what is that to ine who-iim neither? .But you were good: and kind: Mtdlttle iicdrp, he told me; .feud-T&m; 