g t~orlgtleIr A Mad Love, CHAPTER LIIT.-A QUARREL. From that hour all pretense of peace was at an end between them. Lady Chandos . was justly indignant and wounded. If her husband had trusted her, all might, even I then, have been well, but he did nob : he said to himself that she would forget the i story of her annoyance in time, and all would he well ; he did not give his wile credit for the depth of feeling that she really posse?sed. Fi-rcest, most cruel jealousy, hid taken hold of the eeutle lady, it racked and torturea her; the color faded from her face, the light from her eyes; she grew thin and pale ; at night she could not s!eep, by day she could not rest; all her sweetness, grace and amiability seemed to have given way to grave sadness; the sound of her laughter, her bright words, died away; nothing inter ested her. She who had never known a r trouble or a care, now wore she expression of one who was heart broken; she shrunk from all gayety, all pleasures, all parties; she was lrke the ghost of her former self; yeh after S'hose words of her husband's she never spoke again of Madame Vanira. The sword was sheathed in her heart and she kept it there. D There is no pain so cruel asjea!ousy; none 9 that so quickly deteriorates a character ; it D brings so many evils in its train- suspicion, U envy, hatred of-lire, distrust in everyone and t D everything; it is the most fatal passion that ever takes liold of a human hearb, and turns 0 the kindest nature to gill. There was no 0 moment during the day in which Lady 0 Ohandos did not picture her husband with her rival; she drove herself almost mad with 11 the pictures she made in her own mind. All d the cruel pain, the sullen brooding, the hot s, anguish, the desolation, the jealousy, seemed l- to surge over her heart and soul like the o w,aves of a deadly sea. If she saw her hus hand silent and distracted, she said he was le thinking of Madame Vanira; if she saw him n lutgh and light of heart, she said he was .n pileased becatuse he was going to see Madame e Vanirw. She had sensible and reasonable f grounds for jealousy, but she was unreason 'd ably jealous. )f 'Trifles light as air te Are to the jealous confirmation strong? , As proofs of Holy Writ.' It was so with Lady Marion, and her life at lash grew too bitter to bie horne. There was excuse for Lord Chandos,,the mistake ,was in renewing the acquaintance; a mis btake that can never be renmedied. 6 People were beginning to talk; when Lo d, Chhnd?,s was mentioned, they. gave . i:gnificant smiles. Against Madame Vanira .there had never been even the faintest rumor Sof scandal; hut a certain..idea was current in society-that Lord Ch rndos admired tie. ,. queen of song. No one insinuated the least wrong, but significant smiles followed the mention of their names. ' Madame Vanira was at' Lady. Ma'rbyn', last night,' one would say. "And the laughing answer was alwiys ' Then Lord Chandos; was' not:'e ery ar away.' i' La Vanira sang '?;to. perfection:''in n Fidelio,"' would remark one.. Anothervwould answer; 'n Lord Chandos would know how' to applaud.' Madame Vanira wai more . eagerly sought in after than other women in London. She reigned queen, not only over the stage,.but over the world of fashion also. n The: Countess of Easton give a grand hall \--it was the most exclu.ive of the season. After much praying, Madame Vanira bad n promise- to go, and Lady Chandos. was the .n belle of the ball. They had not met since n the evening madame had sung for her, and n Lord Chandos had many an anxious thought l, as to what their next meeting would be like. He know that Leone would bear much for' d is sake, yet he did not know what his wife s1 would be tempted to say. TJ'hey met on the night of Lady Easton's ball; neither knew thlat the other was as com'ng. If Lady Chandos had dreamed of meeting Leone she would not have gone. As 8 it was, they met face to face in the beautiful. ante-room that led to the ballroom. Face to face. LTone wore a superb dress I, of pale am1ber brocade, and Lady OClandos a .0 beautiful costume of p de blue velvet, the long train of which was fa.sened with white, shining pearls. S Ib was like the meeting of rival queens. SLeone's face flushed, Marion's grew deadly pale. Leone held out her hand; L dy . Marion declined to see'it. They looked at etch other for a brief spacep of time, then :d Lone spoke. ' L,,dy Marion,' ieisaid, 'have I displea-ed yon ' a ' Yes, you have,' was the hrief repl. l ' You will'nnot+ touch' my; hand 1' said Leone. .+ No, I decline to touch your hand.' said Marion; 'I decline to speak to youi after this.' ' Will you tell me why, Lady ,1 arion 4' asked Leone. Lady Marion's hbautiful face flushed crim son. I ' rinon you ask me, I will tell you. You d have been seeking my husband, and I do noi a approve of it. You spent a day with him.on 0 the rivoe-he never told me about it. - I arm not a jealous wife, but I despise any woman who would seek ba take the love of a husband from his wile.' Conscience, which makes cowards of us all, kept. Leone quiet. L idy Ohandos continued : ' What is there between my husband and you 4' ' True friendship,' answered Leone, trying to speak bravely. ' I do not believe it,' said Lady Chandos, ' true friendship does not hide itself, or make mystery in its actions. Now that I find that you have acted treacherously I believe in you no more.' 'Those are strong words, Lady Chandos,' said Leone. ' They are true; henceforth we are stran gers. My friends are hor.orahle women' who would sooner seek to steal mny Jewels than seek to steal my own husband's love from j me.' i Leone could have retaliated; she could r have said : ' eo was nm7 husband, as I believed, beforeo he was yours, you stole him from me, not I from. you.' The temptation was strong, the words leaped in a burning torrent from her heart to her lips. ' I hve often heard,' she said, ' that there I was ample reason that singers, even though they be queens of song, should not be admit. ted into the heart of one's home; now I see the justice of it; they are not satisfied with legitimate triumphs. You have not been contented with my liking and friendship, with the hospitality of my home; but you must seek to take my husband's interest, time, affection.' 'Are you not judging me harshly, Lady Chandos 1' asked the singer. ' You bring all these accusations against me and you give me no opportunity of clearing myself of them.' 'You cannot,' said Lady Ohandos, • I have no wish to hear your defence, you can neither deny nor explain the fact that you spent a day with my husband on the river; all the sopuistry in the world cannot deny that fact and thao fact co idemns you.' " ' Would you say the same thing to any of your former friends 7' asked Leone-' to Lady. Caldwell, or Lidy Blake,' 'Neither of them would do such a thiig ' cried Lady Chandos. 'Ladies of the class to which I belong do not spend bhole days on the river with men unknown to their wives. M1adame Vanira -you and I i're strangers from this time.' 'You are very hard on me,' saidL cone, *' the day may come -:when' you will admit that.' ' The day will never come in which I will mistake gooddfor evil, or right from wrong,' said Lady Chandos. 'Others may :applaud you, you may continue your sway. over: the minds and hearts of men, but I shall protest D against you, and all those like you, who would come between husbands and wives to separate them ' [m i was su,,h a satire of fate, such a satire I of her own life, and Leone's beautiful lips t curled with a bitter smile. It was'she who l had been parted from her husband by a e quibble of the law, and this fair angry woman "- who had taken him for herself. Lady Ohandos saw the smile, and mis unders ood it. She bowed, end would have passed, but Leone tried to stop her. S Will you not any one kind word to me before you go, Lady Obandos.1'. she asked.: '- "'' I haveanot one kind word to say,' was the- reply. She would have passed on, but fate; again intervened in the presence of Lord -Ohatidoe, who was walking with his hostesa, the O un tess of Easton. They stopped before the two ladies, and Lord Chandos saw: at once that something was wrong. Madame Vanirai after exchanging a few words with the coun tess, went away, and as soon asi he could, Lord Chandos rej.,ined his wife, . . ' Marion,' he said curtly, 'you- have had mr some disagreeable words with Madanie Van it a. I know it by the expression. of your facer i 'Yoiu are right,' she said,;, 'I- have .told her: that henceforth she and I shall be stran-. gers. 1i ' You -.have dared l!' h? cried, foirgetting himself at the thought of Leone's face. She tu ned her fair face 'proudly to him. I have dated,' she :replirid , 'I :'refus' to spe ik to or see Madame .Vanira :again.she: must nt ocross -? the threshold Hof my door again. . . 'Lord :Chandos grew deadly?: pale as he heard the words. ' And I say that you wrong a, goodbnd t blameless woman, Marion, when you say such i words.' t ' My lord, am I or amn I not at liberty to chose my own friends ?' she asked, haughtily. I ' Certainly you are at liberty to do just as you please in that respect,' he replied. d 'Then among them I decline to receive , Madame Vanira,' she said. 'As you refuse b,, see my friends, T must d go to meet them,' said Lord Ohandos. And then between hiusband and wife began one of those scenes which leave a mark' on hobth their lives -cruel, hard, unjust. and bitter words-hard and cruel thoughts. SThen Lady Chandos had, her aairi'ge Salled and went home. - 5 = ' - 