. . BIDDY M'KEEN'S ' SMIX.E. BEMEMBEB Biddy? Why yes, I should rather think I do ! She was with us when wo were stationed in Liver \- pool, and had yon comfortable house in Prince's Road. She was one of the nicest servants I have ever had. Besides being a good cook, she kept everything in apple-pie order, and got on so well with the other domes- tics. Ah, she was a perfect treasure ! It was an ill day for me when Biddy smiled. Yes, we took Biddy with QB when we were transferred from Cork. She never bothered about , nights out or holidays. If she got out once a week to early mass, from which she was always home in time to prepare eight o'clock breakfast, and once to chapel on Sunday, she was content and happy. Jim bad got his leave, and was going north ' for a big shoot at Barnelose, and I had arranged to have painters in to do up the drawing-room during his absence, when Biddy-asked it she could have a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own people, and attend her eldest brother's wedding at Carrigaline. " Sure, mern, if it was to be' after putting ye about at all it's not for going I would be, but seein' the master is to be away, and thim painters corain* messin' around, so as ye can't have a bit o' dacent com- pany to divert yoursilf, thinks I to meself,' ' Sure¿ Biddy, just ax the missus. If it is not to her mind she can but refuse, for sure.' " I was only too pleased that things fitted in BO well, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. There- fore imagine my surprise when, just that day week, Janet, our tall, prim Scotch table-maid, opened the morn- ing-room door, and said : . '.' Please, mern, here's Biddy ! " I was surprised to observe the ghost of a smile hover around Janet's lips, a most unusual occur- rence, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, sure enough, stood Biddy, bedecked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black velvet mantle, /bountifully \- bespangled with geegaws, and crowning all, a bonnet gorgeous to behold,_ with ribbons the colour of the rainbow and a " perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled a bird of paradise. For a moment I gazed in astonish- ment ; then I said : "Well, Biddy, you are what the Scotch call ' unco' braw'l l hope that you have enjoyed yourself. , We did not expect you" before , Fri- day/ lt was good of you to come back as soon as you could !". " Piase, mein, I've not come back," snid Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty. _ ' ? " Not come back !" I cried, laugh- ing. " Why, Biddy, it's a self-evident fact that you have come back 1 " "Yes, mern," says Biddy meekly ; " but not to stop, if ye piase." "Why, whatever do you mean, ? Biddy ? " asked I, utterly at a loss. Biddy looked down at the floor, then up at tho ceiling, and then down at the floor once more '. twisted - a voluminous white muslin pocket handkerchief - much bestarched - into a round ball as if she were making dumplings, then blurted out the astounding information : "Sure, mern, I can't stop wid you, for I have tuck a man ! " "Took a man! Biddy, do you mean to tell me you have gone and got married?" " Yes, if ye piase, mern." And Biddy looked prepared to dissolve into tears, " Biddy," said I wrathfully, " I am disappointed ' in you ! Tb go and deceive me in this way I Why did you not honestly tell me you were getting married ? I could nave been looking out for someone , to AU your place." " " Oh, mern ! I never went for to decave ye. No, piase hear me. Sure, I got married unbeknown - like to meself." ,. . " Nonsense, ' Biddy, ! You should be ashamed of yourself," said I, . angrily. " By all the. blessed saints it's the truth I am after telling ye, mern ! Sure, I never seed Terence O'Malley before I left : this house last week, as sure as pigs is pigs !" There was no doubting the girl. She was downright in earnest. " Come, then ; sit down and explain matters, Biddy." . " Yes, mem, and thank ye kindly." . And Biddy mopped her . eyes and the whole pf her good-humoured countenance, and. commenced : " Sure then, I was just after taking mo ticket for Cork, and some rough, coarse drover-boys were squeezing me out'of their road-bad luck to their ill- manners !-when a well-put on young man afore mo, says he, 'Young woman, here ye.are; slip in and be after gettin' yer ticket, and I'll keep they cattle- boys off ye!' Sure, glad was I to do as he bid ; and as I gathered up me change I looks over me shoulder. 'Thank ye kindly,' said I wid a smile. Sure, could I do less, I ax yo, mum ?" " No-oh, no." " ' Sure, then,1 says he, at me back, I like your smile,' says he. "So I looks round, and. I smiled agin I , "'Ye be going to Cork ?'says he. " ' For sure,' says I. " ' So is meself,' says he. '"Indeed?" says I. " ' Yes ; then on to Carrigaline,' says he. "'Indeed?' says I. , ." ' To me sistor's widdin'. She is gettin' one Mat M'Kcon.' " ' Never I ' says I. " ' For sure 1 ' says he. " * Why, he is me brudder,' says I. " * Never ! ' says he. '.' ' Yes I ' says I. " ' Shake hands ! ' says ho. "'"With plonsure,' says I. 'And sure, now, is not that all about ir, mern ? Wo was married yesterday.' " J 