THE SENFREY MYSTERY; <?b A Brother’s Vengeance. A Detective Story. By Henry Herman. Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward Lock If Bowden, Ltd. [ALL EIGHTS RESERVED], CHAPTER V. THE MESSAGE FROM THE GRAVE, Uount iirocue seemed to De aesuneu vo figure oonspiononaly in my Investigations. It was clear to me that he was on terms of close acquaintance with my next door lodger ; and that being ascertained, the theory of an intimaoy between him and Maria Orano was easily suggested, jl Morton had asserted, and I had every reason to believe the truth of his statement, that Lord Senfrey took a merely friendly interest in the little Italian girl. Could it be that the person on whose aooount she committed suicide was Count Brodie ? It was possible, but it seemed strange that if suoh were the case the police had no infor mation upon the subjeot, and that my noble Levantine friend walked so unoonoernedly in and out of the house where his viotlm had poisoned herself. There was no time to be lost, and I im mediately set to work to examine every nook and comer of my room. To start with I went on my hands and knees and crawled over the floor from one end to the other. The carpet in the room was worn, and here and there tom. Underneath the bed the fluff lay half an inch thick. I noiselessly moved the bed, first on one side, then on the ether, but oould find nothing, exoept, at one comer, quite close to the wall, between the edge of the oarpet and the wall itself, a little brass button. I held it up to the light and examined it. It was a small button which had evidently belonged to a glove—a man’s glove, most probably, from the size. That was not an extraordinary find In itself. I held it np to the light again, sad found, in tiny figures, the letters “C.F. and Cie.” stamped upon it. "That belonged to a Frenoh glove,” I said to myself. 11 The word ‘ Cie.’ tells me that. If it had been an English made glove it would have been 1 Co.’ ” I pat the thing into my pooket and crawled on fnrther. There waB a little square table near the window covered with a greyish Btalned toilet oover. A little dressing-glass stood on it, and there were various broken and nnbroken little china trays and boxes belonging to an odd dressing table set. Just next to one leg of the table I found a single, thin, long, nnbroken particle of Turkish tobacco. It was just one of the fine threads of tobacoe that a man in making a oigarette might have dropped. That was not mnoh either ; but it indicated to me that either Maria Orano herself had smoked Turkish tobaoco in the plaoe—and Italian girls sometimes do smoke—or that somebody had been in the plaoe who smoked Turkish tobacco. I picked up my tiny tobacco straw with the utmost care and laid it gently en one of the little china trays. Then I searched for more. Oa another of the trays on the toilet table I dlBoovered two particles of Turkish tobaoco even finer than the first, and when I looked still fnrther I found three or fonr more on the floor on the same side of the table. I gathered them all together care fully, and when I took out my magnifying glass I found that these were straight cut Turkish tobacco of good quality and orop, I would have to question Mrs Rooney about Maria Orano’s habits, whether or not Ehe smoked; and that would help me a great deal. Turkish tobaooo of that quality was not sold in the purlieus of Holborn. It was potent to me that somebody had stood by that table and had there made a oigarette, and, as I opened one of the little ohina boxes cn the table, my surmise beoame strengthened when I found there a burnt out wax vesta. I should have to learn if Maria Orano reoelved visitors, and, if pos sible, whem. Another point of importance would be to know who introduced her to the landlady. After that I opened the wardrobe and all the drawers in the room. I tnrned out every speck of dust and left no comer whore a pin oould lie nnexamined. Bat my Bearch proved fruitless. “ Two things I shall have to find out," I said to myself—“ to what kind of glove this button belonged, and where the paper was bought lrom whioh this scrap in my pooket was tern. Twilight had been setting in in the mean time, and it was imooasible to oontinne my aearoh, as I was p-ovided with neither c&ndle;, lamp nor gas- light. I went down stairs, therefore, and passing Mrs Matilda Booney, who, curtseying and grinning her sweetest, opened the door for me, I went ©ut. My first journey brought me to the Strand. I dealt habitually for my gloves and hosiery at a 6hop near Charing Cross Station, I entered, and called the manager. “ Can yon tell me,” I asked, “ from what kind of glove this button has been torn 2” The hosier looked at it. "Oh, yes, sir," he said: “that’s easy enough. That’s a French button, and the Initials on it stand for Courtin Freres and Company, They’ve been supplying the market with a iot of suc'le gloves lately, and they've gone off very well—good quality and low prioes. 1 should say that that button comes from one of them.” " Have you got any of these sue dr gloves ?” I asked. " No, sir," was the man’s anawer ; " ] haven’t at present. “ We had six pairs, and sold them ail. ’ " Do yon know who is likely to kee] them 2" I continued. ” Oh, most shops in the West Eod keej them. If yon look about Bend Street oi the Burlington Arcade, you’ll find them at i dozen places,” This was valuable information. A mai had evidently beeD in Maria Orano’s room who wore suede gloveB. It would be mj dity to know if Count Gyffa Brodie wort suede gloves. From the Strand I strolled to the Bur lington Arcade, and there, among the good! exhibited in the shop windows, I discovered at least three places where gentlemen1! su&de; gloves were sold. When in the arcadi I looked also Into a fanoy stationer’s shop, to see if anywhere I oould find a paper likr that oi my scrap. I entered one plaoe, anc putting out my little Bample, without showing the lettering, I asked the man if he could give me any letter paper like that. “ Oh, yes, I can,” was the man's reply “It comes from an ordinary Da la Ru< eighteenpenny paoket.” I bought my De la Kue elghteenpennj packet, and sure enough there was the sami piper—ribbed, waterlined, quality, and al exactly the same. That paper was meal likely sold by myriads of packets in London, and any one of the perBonB I suspeotec might have used that kind of paper. I felt a little disheartened at the discovery, but Boon plucked up oemrage again, Many per sons might have used De la Rae’s eighteen1 penny paokets, but if I found that one o: the people I suapeoted used suoh paper, it would yet be an additional step in my en qulry. tqThe Burlington Arcade was but a fev steps from Grafton Street, Bond Street, where the present Lady Senfrey had lived up to a day or two ago. A thought shot Into my mind at that moment, and taking advantage of It while the man was wrapping np my little parael, I asked quite oasnally, “ I suppose you've heard of the awful mur ,der of Lird Senfrey 2 ’ “ Oh, yes," replied the man. " Shocking affair, isn’t it? I’m very sorry for it fo) more than one reason. You see, Mrs Mar1 tin Neymer, who is Lady Senfrey now. lived in Grafton street, just over the way, and she was a regular customer of ours, and had lots of things from ns.” _ This was indeed newB, w " Oh !” I exolaimed. “ I suppose she bought her statiosery here ?'’ "Tee,” said the man, “ and lota of it—al v™3h of paper and all kinds of colors, and all kinds of shapes. You see that sheet there with ‘ Agatha ’ In gold letters right across the comer of the page. We got that up for her. Now she’ll move to Eaton Square, I suppose, and forgot all about this shop.” I could not tell why, but as the man went on so carelessly the color nearly faded out of my cheeks. Had I put mv finger upon the right clue at lastP Were my suspicions founded upon a shadow of fact P Had Lady Senfrey, driven to desperation by the threat of proseoution against her husband, resorted to this diabolic means of extricating herself from penury and Martin Neymer from prison P “I suppose,” I ventured with a smile that must have looked sickly, “ Lady Sen frey bought plenty of paper like what I’ve bought jsst nowf” “No,” was the man’s quick answer, « not much. It's a kind of paper that she wouldn’t touoh. All her own notepaper haB some ornamentation of some kind flowers, or gilt lettering, or something. Her husband, the present Lord Senfrey, might have bought some, but Mrs Alfred Neymer —never.” At that moment a servant entered the place and asked for three packets of ordi nary notepaper, the Bame as ‘‘he had bought before," he added. The shopman handed him three paekats exactly like the one I had purchased. “ That man came from a place that’s closely connected with the Senfrey case,” the attendant said, when the man had gone. " He comes from Rhowdon House, Park Lane.” “ Lord Bent’s house P” I asked lnamaza ment. “ The same,” was the answer. “ Lady Bent often comeB here. We sell a lot of things to her and to the earl, and also to one of her friends, Count Brodie.” I am afraid the man must have thought me impolite, for I left the shop hurriedly, so daz -d was 1 for the moment by the force of my discovery. At that early period of my career I was not yet so steeled to the exigences of my calling as to be able to keep the thorough control over my nerves which I have sinoe attained. “ There's no doubt about it now,” I said. “ Count Brodie has had a hand in the busi ness, and the sooner I get upon his tracks the better " But it was one thing to suspect Count Brodie, it was another to prove that he was guilty. I could not, at that moment, prove to myself even what possible advan tage he had to gain, or what possible end he had to achieve by mnrderiog Lord Sen frey. No crime is committed without a motive, and it would have to be my object to discover what motive he and Lady Bent, if she were mixed np with it, had in taking the life of a man who, as far as I knew, did them no harm, and through whose death they could not reap any benefit. I rather regretted '.that I had not been present at either ef the inquests, nor at the first hearing of the charge against Orano. I might have gathered so much by watch ing the faces and demeanor of the persons I suspected. Of course, when I first read about the business I had no inkling that I would be concerned in it. I was occupied with other important matters, and there fore paid but little attention to the Senfrey case. Now both Inquests and the hearing of the charge against Loigi Orano had been adjourned until the following week. After a short consideration of the pros and cons, I decided to take np my abode at 132, James Street, Bedford Bow, for a few days at any rate. I returned to Craven Street and packed my oldest portmanteau with such artiolea of daily wear as I might need. Sprat looked at me mournfully as I moved about my room, and finally jumped on my little table and looked into my face inquiringly. He said as plainly as he could, “ Please don’t leave me here alone again.” I patted him and stroked him, and he orept up to me as if he had known me ever bo long. A dog's instinct is a wonderful faculty. Any decent dog knowB a friend from a foe at a glance. I gave full Instructions to Weatherby, and, taking Sprat under my arm, I jumped into a hansom, gave my portmanteau to the man on top, and drove ts Holborn, I think I rose greatly in Mrs Matilda Rooney's estimation when she saw me arrive in a hansom, having evidently well fee'd the cabman, for he touched his hat to me with cheerful alacrity. My portmanteau was not very heavy, but, with Sprat under one arm, I made a great show of dragging it into the hall. I had brought with me that which I knew to be an open Beaame to the heart ef ladles of the class to whioh Mrs Rooney belonged. 1 had stopped the oab at a public-house on the road and had purchased a bottle of the best unsweetened gin. “ Come in here for a moment, Mr — Mr — what is your name ?” Mrs Rooney Bald, opening the doer of the parlour, when she saw me apparently distressed by the effort of lifting abont fifty pounds. “ Come here and sit down a bit, and then I'll give you t ’and to take your portmanteau upstairs Nioe little dog that is of yours.” That was just what I wanted. I entered the sitting-room and sat myself down In t ricketty armohalr there. Sprat immediatelj took his pest on the table near me, auc looked at Mrs Rooney with his head oockec on one Bide. The lady attempted to strok< him, but Sprat wriggled out of the way Mrs Rooney's Dreath was reminiscent o: onions, and Sprat evidently resented it. “My name is Grant. You’ll remembe: it, won’t you, in case of any letters coming for me 2” I said, “ Oh, to be sure I will, Mr Grant,” re sponded the lady, grinning and curtseying “ I think we shall get on very well together Mr Grant.” I inwardly expressed the hope that tb pleasure might be short-lived, but I rejoined ! “I Bincerely hope so, Mrs Rooney. I givi very little trouble, and even when I work a' home you seldom hear me stir.” ‘‘And what may be your business, Mi Grant 2" Mrs Rooney inquired, with a per suaslve smirk, “ Most of the gentlemei that llvs 'ere have something to do in thi City- Are you in the City, Mr Grant ?" ” No," I answered drily. I cam mj living by spoiling paper.” “ What’s that ?’’ interrogated the lady. “I am a pretty fair draughtsman, an( many of my sketches have been honored b’ publication In papers oamio and serious.1 In my little book there were two or thre bits of whioh I was very preud. I produoei them, and showed them to the good woman “ Oh, that’s It, Mr Grant,” she exclaimed “iThat’s very nice. You draw, then, Am do they pay yen money for doing that sor of thing?” Mrs Rooney's orltiolsm of my artistic efforts was not flattering, but it was donbt losaly sinoare. “ Yes,” I answered, “ It may be strange but they do pay me for that kind of thing It’s very warm, Mrs Rooney,” I added “ and I’m very thirsty.” l lookod roum the room. “ You haven't a drop of ——? “ Not a drop,” Mrs Rooney interrupts : me Bharply, “ If it’s anything short yo ! mean. I now and'then do take somthing but it’s on account of my ohest and my livei and the doctor 'e says I ought to have : 'drop once a day at least, But I’ve been ai ; poor of late and so worried, and what witl ' my old man dead these ten years and sevei ohlldren to keep, and one of ’em a orlppl , from his birth— I was afraid that the story of the lady woes might be continued for some time Therefore I produced my bottle from m; coat pocket. , , „ <• i/Ve brought this with me, Mr Rooney,” I said, “ because my doctor als has recommended me to take a drop not and again; and if you oould find tw tumblers and a drop of oleau water—— “ That I can,” the lady replied wit] gusto. “ I always keep dean water—filterei water—and I’ll see that the bottle in you room is alwayB filled with filtered water and if you don’t mind waiting a second o: two. I’ll bo up again in aj iffy.” Mrs Rooney disappeared, and a momen or two afterwards returned with two tumb lore and an earthenware jug fall of water The bottle of Old Tom " was opened, v asked the lady to help herself, and she took a glass, and holding her broad palm In front ef it, poured oat about three-fourths of its oapaolty of the pure Bpirit. Then Bhe filled np the small remaining space with water, I had noticed the operation perfectly, and oonld not repress a grim smile. “ I do hope, Mrs Rooney,” I said, “ that my next door neighbor is a quiet man.” The lady smacked her lips, and having emptied her glass, looked with greedy eyes upon the bottle. " Oh, Mr Byrne, yon mean! Well, 'e isn't a bad sort, as men go, Mr Grant," she answered. "And he’s clever if what I’m told is true. He’s always inventing some thing or other, and always a saying some thing or other is to make him rich, but he never does get rioh. When I go into his room to tidy it, the place is choke full of things—olookwork things, and things like locks, and all kinds of qneer things.” That was information to start with. Mr Byrne was a practical inventor. That was worth knowing. "Help yourself again, Mrs Rooney," I said, pushing the bottle towards the lady. " Don't mind me. It’s the beBt gin that can be bought, and it will do your chest and liver good." Mrs Rooney did not require to be asked twice. She helped herself to about a gill of the raw spirit. " I've read all about your troubles since I’ve been here,” I went on, while the lady gasped under the effect of the " liver medi cine ” and fanned herself with her apron. “ I went and bought the papers on purpose. That poor girl must have had a lot of treub’e. Have you any idea how she came to poison herself " “ None whatever,” Mrs Rooney replied, in a more guttural voice than before, " as I told the coroner and as I told the jury. None whatever. I don’t know no reason why the poor thing shoald have taken her life, and she so young and nice.” “ Wasn’t there some love trouble P" I demanded. “ Did nobody come to see her P’’ “Not a soul, iMr Grant, not a living human creature soul." "No manP” "No man, nor woman,nor child." " How did she come to you ? Who recommended her P" “ Nobody recommended her as I know, except the respectable appearance of my ’ouae. She came here to look for lodgings, the same as you did and as anybody else might have done, and I’m only sorry that the poor young thing came to take away that which God had given her and which she couldn’t restore.” Here was a new entanglement of the mystery. " I have an odd question to ask you, Mrs Rooney,” I continued. "Do you know whether she smoked 1” " Smoked!” nearly screamed the lady. “That poor girl smokeP Of course she didn’t. Why should she smoke t” “ I thought the room smelt of smoke,” was my answer, " but I might have been mistaken.” “Then you are mistaken," Mrs Raoney retorted; “I’m sure she never touched tobacco.” Then I was right. A man had been in the place, a man who smoked Turkish to bacco and who wore sue 3e gloves. I eventually left my " open sesame ” bottle with Mrs Rooney, receiving in re turn the good woman's blessings and the fervently expressed wish that I might often come and have a chat with her, to which I said “ Amen” with mediocre enthusiasm. She would insist upon helping me up stairs with my portmanteau, with the re sult that I had to drag to the upper regions an additional dead weight of per haps eleven stone of alcoholic rebellious ness. Once arrived at my room, the good lady disposed herself in my armchair, as if intent to remain there, vowing that it was the sweetest room in the house, and that 1 was the nicest and most gentlemanly lodger she had ever had, and informing me, with tears in her eyes, of her devout wish that her old man, dead and gone these ten years, leaving her with seven children to support, etcetera, etcetera, might have been -»ith her to see how a gentleman oould behave when he was a gentleman, and promising that if I wanted breakfast at any time I should have all the soft roes in the house. As Mrs Rooney finally seemed inclined to fall upon my breast and to weep there, I yawned and stretohed my arms, and began to unpack. Even this proved no incentive for departure, and how long Bhe might have remained thuB deponent knoweth not, had not, on a sudden, a oraBh somewhere in the lower regions made the good woman yell. “ That’s Jimmy,” Bhe said. ‘ • That’s ’im who’s been a cripple from his birth, that is. He’s knooked my supper Into the grate, that’s what he’s done. I know it. Four penn’orth of as nioe tripe as ever yon saw, Mr Grant; and I think it’s a shame for a poor widow to be left with seven children to support, and one ef them a cripple from ’is birth.’’ I ventured upon the suggestion that if the tripe was to be saved from utter destruction by fire or flood, time would be the essence of the contract; and Mrs Rooney reluc tantly took her leave, showering upon my head more blessings than it ever oould have carried in comfort. When Mrs Rooney was gone I locked my door, and after listening for a while and discovering no sound in the chamber next to mine, I proceeded to give another glance around my newly ohosen apartment. It was a lovely moonlight night, and the Bilver rays fell dimly through the white muslin curtains upon the dark oarpet of my room. They ran in mellow, glittering lines along the carvings of my mahogany bedstead and fell upon the bed itself in an opal patoh. In the shade of the wall opposite my bed stood my candle, and the deeper yellow sheen mingled ourlously with the pale light which streamed through the dingy panes. The old lace curtains on either side of the win dow looked to me like misty columns in the semi-gloom. I gave Sprat some water, and tried to tempt him with food. He drank greedily but I could not get him to eat more than a tiny morsel of a biscuit. I threw a rug over the foot of my bed, and arranged It so as to form a comfortable little nest for him. I sat up for a while, and by the flickering light of my candle made my entries for the day Into my diary, as was my habit. AU the while I kept my heart in my ears, lis tening for every Btep, for every voice, for every breath. But next door to me there was no sound. If the man was within he wan either asleep or as watohful as a weasel, I therefore undressed myself and went to bed. I had walked a great deal during the day, and with one thing and another, though not aooustomed to retire early, I Boon fell aBleep. How long I might have slumbered I know not, but I was awakened by Sprat’s movements on my bed. When I rose to an upright position and rubbed my eyes, the moonlight was falling through the figured muslin onrtalns of the window, and the laoe work threw little fan tastic shadows into the midst of the greenish glow. It seemed to me aB if the curtaim were waving quaintly, and as if there wae a flutter delicate, soundless, and graceful, among the lace. Sprat was sitting on hit haunches on my bod, staring towards thr curtains, now growling, then whining, novi darting towards the window, and ther shrinking back again, as in fear. “What’s the matter, Sprat?’ I asked, pulling the little dog towards me, while he struggled and tried to free himself, his little body trembling all the while as in a fever. I looked around the room, but oould dis cover no oause for Sprat’s undue excitement but he escaped from my grasp and again darted towards the window, and ther cowered baok again, whining loudly. I looked again. I could see nothing but the peculiar formless movement which I hac thought I had noticed, like that of a humar hand waved up and down behind the our tains, displacing the white, embroiderec muslin Btripa, raising them and allowing them to fall into their natural folds again. “What’s np, I wonder?” I said, looking round with uninterested snrDrise. “Yoi must really be quiet,gSprat This won’l do at all, y°" know,’ [ C I stroked him and patted him, but he would not be oonaolcd. _He stared as if hii eyes were bursting from his head; and at last I jumped up, crying, “ What can be the matter P Let me have a look.” Sprat had followed me out of bed, and darting towards the window had jumped on the window-sill. In endeavoring to gain a foothold on the narrow surface he brushed against one of the flower-pots that were standing there, and it came down on the floor with a orash. I picked it up, and as I did so a curious sensation fastened itself npon me, ai if a cold, clammy hand were touching the hand with which I gripped the earthenware. I could not for the life of me have told why, but the con tact seemed to be on me, and the moment afterwards I had to smile in spite of myself, muttering, “ What a fool you must be, George! The next thing that will hap pen to you will be to believe that the ghost of this girl is haunting thiB room.” The pot had broken into two pieces on the floor, and the flower and earth, hold ing solidly together, were lying in, one of them. In the other half someting white attracted my attention. I picked it up. It was one halt of a sheet of note-paper folded together, and in it was wrapped a .£10-note, " Goodness gracious 1" I said. “ How does thiB come here P" I examined the half sheet of paper in the bright moonlight. A woman had writtsn on it the words, “ Does he think he can buy my soal for £10 ?” (To 6e Continued.) 