THE- 'STORYTELLER. A NARROW ESCAPE. ? O ? I. An improvident marriage and a lgmg struggle with poverty are, alas ! events too common to call for remark or explanation. Elinor and I in our young days were guilty of this folly, and reaped the consequences. For 15 years the barest necessities of reBpectable life were all that full to the Bhare of ourselves and oar children, and I believe that this was even harder to bear from the possibility — it could not be called more — that one day we might be compara tively rich. An aunt of my father's, who through life had been conspicuous for her mismanagement of everything, had come into possession of all the money there was in the iamiiy. Part of it she had lost by foolish speculation, pait of it she had spent on remodelling an old house which it would have been better to pull down, and the . remainder she had promised to me — if there should be a remainder — at her death; but this, as I often reminded my wife, was doubtful. My aunt lived to be 87, by which time ?we had iour intelligent, healthy children growing up around ua, and when at lengih the news of her death did reach us, it bad been so long delayed that it took us by surprise. 01 course, I went to the funeral, and heard the will read : and went home to tell my wife — what at first she could scarcely believe — that my aunt had left me one thousand two hundred pounds a year and the pleasant, rambling old house in Hampshire, with all it contained, which had been the j -y of her life. ' ? . We came into possession in November, ' and, leaving the children in the c*re of a relation, that they might continue at their present schools until Christmas, my wife and I went down to Dennam Manor to put everything in order before the holidays began. The house was in a lonely and somewhat desolate situation, but it faced south, with a pleasant garden in front ; a pine wood sheltered in on the north, and, in spite of some drawbacks, -ve were not likely to find fault with it as an exchange for the cramped and dingy quarters in Bayswater whice had been the best we cou'd hitherto afford. The house was of good size, and very quaint in its arrangements ; scarcely a room had escaped alteration according to my aunt's fancy ; but there is no need for me to describe any part of it but the one room — the drawingroom — which alone concerns my story. I must tell you first that, in all the alterations which had been made, my aunt had been Her own architect, and a local builder, who appeared to have been an ingenious, although ignorant, man, had carried out her plans to the best of his ability, and the result was attractive, but by no means beautiful. The drawingroom, which was of a good size, had originally been square, but had lately been considerably lengthened by -building out into the garden a one-storeyed addition with a flit roof, tha whole width of the room, the old wall being replaced by two arches with a pillar between them ; the new part having huge windows both at the end and sides, opening upon the lawn and flower garden. Nowhere had my aunt'a eccentricity been more plainly shown than here, but the effect was pleasant ; the room was oheerful, and comfortably furnished, and my wife at once declared that she felt at home in it. It was well for ua that we had plenty of occupation indoors during the first fort night in our new house, for the weather was persistently wet ; sometimes it was a downpour, sometimes a thick drizzle, until everything looked soaked and dismal, and we were glad when the evening canio and we could shut out the outside world and enjoy the pleasant possessions with which \re were surrounded. We did not at first sit in the drawing-room in the evenings, for there were so many papers of my aunt's to look over and destroy that we set to work immediately after dinner in the small room which she had used for all business pur poses ; but at length this task was finished, and one drearily wet evening, when the wind howled round the house, and the rain fell in torrents, we were glad to exchange the somewhat dismal business-room for the large and cheerful drawing-room. In spite of the weather we wore both in good spirits as we settled ourselves on either side of the fire — my wife on the right hand, wi;h her . back to the new part of the room — and proparod to enjoy our first leisure evening. 'We spent a pleasant hour or two »Q talking over the things which would be required in the house before the children came home, and as the elock struck ten I was glancing through a list I had made, when, as I looked up to make a suggestion to my wife, I was horror-stricken at seeing that her face bad become ghastly, her head had half turned round, and her lips were parted as she looked over her shoulder at somethiug behind her. I looked in the same direction, and saw nothing but a cabinet against the wall and a chair or two standing near ; there was not even a shadow from the curtains, for they were drawn over the windows. ' Elinor 1' I cried ; and at the sound of my voice she turned her head and looked at me with eyoa so full of terror that for a moment I feared that her senses had left her ; then, when I called again, she flaw to me and hid her face on my shoulder. For a few minutes she could not speak ; then, with her face still hidden, she tried to tell me — not v what she had seen, for she ha-.l seen nothing j not what had happened, for nothing had happened ; but of the horrible imprts3ion v/liich had almost driven away h«r senses. ' Just as you had finished writing, Ray mond,' she said, ' the clock struck 10 ; I was watching you as you went through the list when suddenly I felt that there was something behind me. I tried to call to to you, but I could not, and then I was obliged to turn my head, though I would have given the world not to do it ; but though I looked and looked, and my blood seemed to freeza, there was nothing. If anything — howover horrible — had been there, it would have been less awful than *;his expectation. Of course,1 it only lasted a few moments, but it seemed a lifetime be fore you spoke to mo and I could move again.' With the look whioh had been on her face vividly before my mind, I could not laugh at her fears. 'You are overtired, dear; your nerves are upset,' I began ; but here she inter rupted me, lifting her head in indignation from my shoulder. ' Nerves upset ! When did my nerves ever fail me ? — not when you were run over in the street before my eyes, nor when the cradle with the baby in it caught fire. No, Raymond. If I thought my nerves had given way I would rather die than live ; but this was something infinitely stronger than nervous fancy. I will show you it is not that ; I will sit there again ' No, Ehnor, no !' I interrupted, ' I will take your place and try to realise what you felt. If I can do so unmoved, it will ^how that the horror is not in the room, hut in your own fancy.' She was silent for a moment, then she said, '{Raymond, I believe that if you sit in that chair you will feel as I did. Your voice called me back when I seemed sink ing away into an abyss ot terror, which for the moment seemed driving1 me mad, are you rijjht in risking this ? — can my voice call you back as yours did me V ' Why, Elinor, my dear, I do believe you think that tbore is a ghost in the room, and that it is waiting to pounce upon me the moment I sit in your chair !' I said, trving to treat her fears lightly. ?' I do not know whether it is what is called a ghost, Raymond, but I cannot doubt that there is something besides our selves in the room. In the few moments in whioh I felt its presence I suffered agony » why should you risk feeling the same ?' ' For fifteen years we have shared our joyo and cares ; wo will not begin our new life by drawing apart,' I answered, and she Slid no more. I pufc hor in my own chair, and quickly crossed the hearthrug1 to hem I m.'.y truly say that. I s.it down with an open mind. That something ia or outside herself had terrified har of course, I knew, but whafc ib might bo I conld not oven con jecturej u.or Jjad I an^ ikfi.uito ide$ th^ by taking her place I Bbould find a clue ; but in a moment a change came over me. First I felt impelled to look up, then' to glance to one side ; then I lost control over myself altogether ; there was something behind me at which I must look ; a chill ran through my veins ; my muscles refused to obey my will; in spite of myself my head turned slowly. I knew that my eyes stared in an agony of expectation of. some thing whioh they could not see; every sense reeled ; then, as if from a vast dis tance, my wife's voice called ' Raymond, Raymond !' and with a mighty effort I rose and staggered to the other side of the fire, and clutched at her ont-stretch'ed hands, and the horror left me. ' My dearest, I was wicked to let you risk it 1' she cried, clinging to me ; but my mood differed from hers. I conld .not speak for a few minutes ; then I said : ' We cannot leave the matter like this, dear; if we give way to-night to this mys terious dread we shall shrink from sitting . in this room again. I do not think that even the same horror would have so much power over me a second time, and if you cai bear to watch, and ca'.l me back^if necessary, I will face the matter out and try to fiad its meaning.' Bat brave as my wife was, it took a long time to persuade her to this course. She thought it wrong for me to Bur ject myself voluntarily to such mental suffering, and the clock struck 11 before at lengih I pre vailed, and gently putting aside her detain-' ing bands I went back to her chair. V I sat down arid looked across the hearth? .;'?-' rug at her, and nothing impelled me to look' aw,»y. I spoke to her, and her answering voica sounded as usu*l; no mysterious power constrained me to turn my head to look for some ttrrible thing which eluded . my sight ; the spell was broken. My wife, reassured, came and stood beside me, and ? felt nothing ; aDd we were, if possible, even more perplexed than before. ' Let U3 put the whole thing out of our heads to-night as far as we can, and 'per- haps in the morning we shall laugh at our selves ; and you and I will examine the room togther by daylight btfore we come to the conclusion that there is anything wrong with it.' But even to myself my words did not sound convincing, and I locked the drawing room door and put the key in my pocket when we went up to betf , both fading as if we had narrowly escaped from some great although unseen daDger. It. The next morning my wife and I ex-. - amined the drawing-room with minute care, and making an excuse of changing the - position of some of the furniture, I called in Joseph, my aunt's old man-servant, who had stayed on with us, and asked him many questions about the house, and more especially about this room ; but we dis covered nothing, either by questioning him or by our own observation. ' Will you sit here ogain to-night, Elinor 1' I asked when we were alone ; and resolutely, with a pale ftce, sbe eaid ye?. The day was fine and wo went out together and called on some neighbours, and kept ourselves fully occupied until dinner-time ; and when at balf-past eight we went into the cheerful, pleasant drawing- : room, bright with fire and lamplight, we looked at each other with an unspoken protest that the horror of the night before must have been a delusion. We had much to talk over, for the afternoon post had brought a letter telling. -, us that the school which our boya attended had been abruptly closed in consequence of a case or two of scarlet fever, and the oousin who was taking charge of our children suggested that the sooner our . bijjjh-spirited sons wera under our own care the better she should be pleased ; and as the new home was now in order, we debated whether we would not let the whole party come at once. We were interested, and. time passed quickly; and we were sur prised when Joseph brought in the candta?, apologising for being a little late, and v?« found that tbe clock was cu the strike of , ten, and that we had forgotten all about oar fears. « As the hour struck Joseph crossed tbe hearthrug to take a note from my wife's hand, which he was to send off in the morning, and I was idly looking frcm one to the other — when on each face I saw a sudden change. Joseph, who was standing sideways to mn, turned his head and looked over his shoulder in puzzled alarm, while my wife, palo as death, glanced for a moment beseechingly at me before obeying ' . an impulse, evidently beyond her . con- . trol, which bado her look iu tha same diveclioti, J eteppod cjukkly forwaT-$ and stood close to her, facing the spot at $vhich they were looking, but neither of them seemed to know that I was near, and, conscious of growing terror in myself, I cried ' Elinor I' But instead of the relief which she had shown before at the sound of my voice her face, as far as I could see vib, became convulsed with fear. ' Joseph I' : I called ; but the same effect was visible in him. I still had control over myself, and, scarcely knowing why I did it, I went back to my place and called again, and this 'time, as on the previous evening, my wife ran to me and hid her face. ' Joseph !' I ..cried ; and the man also came to me, with great drops standing on his forehead. ' Good God, sir ! what is it 1' he asked in a broken voice, and I could only answer that I did not know. :'? 'Sit here, Elinor,' I said, putting her into my own ohair, ' and if my face changes call to me.'' ' I went across the rug- and took her place. I waa scarcely seated before my former experience was repeated. My blood froze, ? nay nerves seemed to contract, and no power of will could prevent my head from 'turning and my eyes from staring for some thing which they could not see. I do not know how long it lasted, but my wife called, and again I left my place, and the spell was broken. * ' Joseph was a sensible, elderly man, and quickly recovered from his fright; and I told him the state of the case exactly'as it appeared to us. 'With your leave, I'll try it again, sir,' he said. 'I never dii hold with ghosts and them sort of things, and though l'il be bound I felt queer enough, I won't be beat by nothing, and there wasn't nothing as I could 8*e. If I can't keep my head from turning this time, why — I'm blest !' He crossed the rug again to my wife's chair, and began a speech to me, but his voice faltered ; we could see that he struggled to keep his eyes fixed upon us, but there was some power too strong for him ;'his head slowly turned, and he gazed over his shoulder in wild alarm. '- ' Do not speak for a few moments,' I said to my wife, and I went and stood ?beside him j and immediately the same impression was repeated with me. I do not know how long we stood there before my wife called, and we both went to her, and then turned and looked into each other's faces in vacant amazement. None of us said anything, and the silence must have lasted some time, for the next thing I noticed was the clock striking eleven ; then Joseph found his voice. ' 'Well, if it ain't the rummiest thing,' he said, quite forgetting his good manners. ' Why ever we should stand there looking at nothing, and be scared out of our wits, beats me !' I did not answer, bub once more crossed the rug and sat down in my wife's chair; but although I stayed there for some ininutes, asd even tried to recall my former sensations, I folt nothing unusual, 'I think we have learnt one thing to night, Elinor,' I said ; ' this something ?which troubles us has evidently no power excepting between the hours of ten and eleven. We must of course prove this further ; but now we will lock up the room and go. to bsd, and let us all try to dismiss the matter from our miods until to-raorrow morning.' But whether my wife and Josoph were any more successful than I 'was in following this wise counsel, I am Inclined to doubt. It was a wild night of wind and rain, and the next morning before breakfast, when I unlccked the drawing-room and ?went in with Joseph, we found that a patch of wet had come through the ceiling where the n*w part joined on to the old. ' We must get the builder to see to this Et once,' I said; but when I went into the breakfast-room the matter was driven out of my head for the time by another letter from our cousin in London, saying that she was laid up with a cold, and really could not manage for the boys, and would ?we send a telegram to say if they might come down at once. Never before had we fipent a week without any of our children, and it is needless to say that a message was 'sent of! immediately, bidding the boys «ome by the next train. 'You won't get Potts, the builder, to day now, sir,' said Joseph, when at last I remembered the drawing-room ceiling. *' And p'raps you won't be using the room for a bit when the young gentlemen come, for fear they'd get a fright too.' 'Quite right, Joseph,' I said. 'We won't sit there in tho evening ; we'll lock the room up when we go to dinner ; and if the roof wants seeing to that, will be reaaon enough for not using it much until wo can Nothing could have been a better cor rective for nervous fallacies — if it was from thesa we suffered — than the arrival of the two healthy, happy boys of eleven and th'rteen ; and after a late and very pro tracted lunch we explored the house from top to bottom. The wind had gone round t ) the north, and the rain changed to snow, go we agreed that outdoor exploration should be left for another time ; and we all kept together, and I was happy to see that the bright, wholesome influenoe of the boys did much to drive away the anxious look which our mysterious experiences had brought upon my wife's face. . '0, mother, what a jolly room! quite the jolliest in the house 1' cried Phil, when last of all we went into the drawing-room, which, with its many windows looking out upon the wide lawn, now covered with newly-fallen snow, was something hitherto beyond the experience of the London-born. Indeed, both he and Harry were so de lighted with the room that we saw no reason for not sitting there until it was time to prepare for dinner ; and when my wife and the boys had gone upstairs Joseph came in, and I stayed and talked to him while he shut up the room and put out the lights. Then I locked the door behind us, and hung up the key in a place in the hall which no one Jknew but Josaph ; and as I did so I heard Harry's voice calling to me from half-way down the stairs : '0, father, Aunt Emily has forgotten our brushes, and mother told me to ask for yours.' The study was small, but warm and cheerful, and when we moved into it after dinner both my wife and I felt a comfort able senBe of relief after tho strain of our experiences in the drawing-room on the last two evenings. Time passed quickly, tho boys begged to stay up, and it was not until balf-past 10 that we dismissed them, their mother promising to follow in a quarter of an hour to see that they were comfortably in bed. ' Well, Elinor, it is a good thing to find that in this room at least we are free from disagreeable sensations; we may hope ? ' But before I could finish my sentpnce I was interrupted by a shriek of such wild terror, heard through tho door which, un noticed by us, tho boys had left ajir, that for a moment we looked at each othw with out speaking — but it waa only for a moment; then, rushing Into the hall, we flaw that tho drawing-room door waa open, and a faint ligUt comiog fiom \t: antf we h&sterie;^ towards it, followed by Joseph, who, with the other servants had hurried from the kitchen. ' Keep the women back !' I said to him, and when my wife and I entered we were half prepared for what we saw. Phil sat in his mother's chair, showing every symptom of the same terror that we had felt ourselves, and though Harry stood ber slie him with his back to us, we knew that the same look was upon his face. ' Phil ! Phil !' I called. « Harry 1 Harry !' called my wife, and they both instantly rushed to us, and we led them out of the room and into the study in a half-dazed condition. 'Lock the door and give me the key,' I said to Joseph ; and then I went into the hall to speak to the maids, who stood there wondering and alarmed. ' I am sorry you have been startled,' I said. 'The boys want into the drawing-room, which was quite strange to them, and half dark, and something frightened them. What it was I cannot tell yon, and I am sure they do not know themselves. They are bold and brave enough usually, and we must make allowance for their excitement at everything being new to them.' I was relieved to find that the servants took this as a natural explanation as far as it went, and seemed to have no further suspicion of anything uncomfortable ; and when I went back to the study I found that the boys had so far recovered as to be able to tell us what had happened. ' We were just going upstairs, father,' said Phil, ' when Harry remembered that he had left that book mother gave him on the drawing-room table, and he thought he'd like to look at it in bed in the morn ing, and he'd seen where you hung the key, bo we got it and went in, and mother's chair looked so jolly, I tumbled into it, and I hadn't been there a moment when I felt just awful, as if there was a horrible thing behind me, and I had to turn my head and look, and then Harry yelled out and ran to me, and I expect he felt just like me.' ' I couldn't help yelling, father,' cried Harry. ' Phil looked awful ; I thought he'd got a fit ; and when I got near him I couldn't help staring, too.' I felt that my wife and Joseph were waiting anxiously to hear what way I should deal with the matter, and for a moment I was puzzled to determine ; then I resolved to make light of it. ' I don't believe you saw anything, Phil ; yoq ^?i$& ' %%i was -0^3#}Pg were, and looked so frightened that you fright ened Harry. I don't wonder that he ,' yelled ' at that look of y ourB !' ' But I thought there was something there too, father,' said Harry, ' No doubt you did ; it's a big room, and you had only the light of oue candle, and of course there were lots of shadows ; and you fancied there was something else. Now think no more about ic, but come along. Mother and I will show you to bed, and you won't find your own room big enough to be frightened in.' We left them quite reassured, and went back to the study, where we found Joseph waiting for as. ' This is certainly serious,' I said, ' and we must have nothing more to do with that room until every pnrt of it has been exam ined. I'll write np to town to-morrow and get down Strange, who is not only a good architect but a shrewd man, and he and I will go into the matter thoroughly. In the meantime the damp patch on the ceiling will be sufficient excuse for not using the rcom.' The boys had quite recovered from their fright in the morning, and were prepared to laugh at themselves and each other. I thought it well to take them into the draw ing- room after breakfast, and I found that; the patch of damp had increased so much in the night that no further excuse was needed for not sitting there ; and I locked up the room, taking good care to put the key in my pocket. The day waa bright, and in spite of the heavy snowfall the boys and I spent many hours out of doors ; and in consequence they were wholesomely tired, and ready to go to bed at 10 o'clock. My wife said she would go up with them, and I also went into the hall, when suddenly we heard a loud rumbling and cracking noise, which startled us. We stood together listening in no small alarm; then, in a moment, there was an awful crash, which seemed to shake the house to its foundations. The servants rushed from the kitchen pale and terrified. ' The house is falling down, 6ir, let us get outside I' cried Joseph, but I bade him wait. Afte'f the crash the noise had ceased, every: hing round us seemed firm, and in a moment I guessed what had happened. 'It is the drawing-room, Elinor; the roof has fallen in,' I said ; and taking the key from my pocket, and bidding the others stand back— an order which my wife and Joseph disobeyed — I unlocked the door, and, with a lamp in my hand, went cau tiously in, the whole household not far be hind me. A cold blast of wind met us, a blinding dust blew into our faces, but by standing to one side we got into clearer air, and could see what had happened. I was right ; the roof of the new part of the room bad fallen in. Above where my wife's chair had stood was a yawning1 chasm, through which the stars looked down from a frosty sky, while the other aide, of the wide hearthrug1, where we had all found freedom from the unseen horror, was only strewn with harmless fragments of wood and plaster. ' Thank God for an unspoken warning !' said my wife in a solemn undertone, and Joseph and I, overhearing, thankfully echoed her words. ' I suppose God knew that the roof was going to tumble in, and made us afraid to sit there,' said Harry, who had heard them too, and we all felt that there was nothing to be added to that. The architect came from town and ex amined the house ' from garret to base ment,' and found that the recent rains had soaked into the already rotten foundations of the new part of the drawing-room, while the weight of snow which had fallen upon the root had proved the last straw. The whole house had been tampered with, but it was only this one room which had to be rebuilt, and this we bad done from a safe design, without sacrificing anything of its former charm. When it was all finished, and we went baok to live there at the end ol the summer, it is almost needless to say that we felt no more of those terrific but friendly unspoken warnings. 