A STRANGE CLUE. Oswald declares that I have saved him. I write the story of the most momentous episode in his life and mine, in order that this generous delusion may once for all be corrected, and that the others, at least-for he is obstinate may understand how e!ender and fortui tous was my share in that singular deli verance. It seems to me that my narra tive will gain in clearness and coherence if I begin with the day on which I first made Oswald Wardour's acquaintance. I had arrived in town late and on attended, except by my maid. It was my expectation that upon the arrival platform I should find in waiting either my uncle or Mr Hollinsworih, h's chief clerk. But I was subjected to disap pointment. I scanned the many different groups of ftystanders in vain, and was confiding to a porter information on the topic of baggage when a young man, whom I had observed inspecting the compartment nearer to the engine, ad Vanced and lifted his hat. "Miss Craig, I believe ?" he said. I was taken aback, for the speaker was a stranger to me, and I marvelled not only what his business might be, but how he had obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, with fair curly hair, and grey-blue eyes as frank and genial in their expression as the summer sunshine. I am afraid I was frigid and haughty in my affirma tive, which in turn was an interrogation. "I have come," he said, "in response to the wish of Mr Geoffrey Craig. Our principal has an engagement at this hour which he is reluctantly compelled to fulfil; and Mr Hollinsworth is unfortu nately invalided. You will permit me to see to your baggage, Miss Craig ?" He was one of my uncle's staff, then -a new-comer. "Thank you so much; I shall be ex tremely obliged," I answered. My uncle's carriage was in readiness upon this point at least -I need have entertained no doubts. When seated within it, I soon learned from my com panion that his name was Oswald War dour. He was deferential, but it was the deference of one bred to habits of cour tesy. There was neither presnoption nor servility in his manner. He was self-possessed and unassuming. Simply a clerk ! It was hard to bolieve it. In my not very extended travels I had met many a wealthy and titled individual who, to all outward seeming, was less deserving the title of gentleman. Even in the first hour of reunion with my dear uncle and guardian, I somehow found opportunity to turn the conversa tion in the direction of his messenger. He rallied me with the slightly elephan tine mirth which I knew to be a sign of his content at my re- appearance. " You are as much like the daughter of Eve as when you teased your father to let you sit on the clockwork that moved the ship's compass I Ha. ha I It was a favorite joke with Ferdinand, poor fellow"- the laugh turned in'o a s h. "And Wardor has bawilderel the surface shows is neither more nor lees than the fact. He looks a gentle man, and he talks like one; and he is one. His people have been rich in their day; but a lawsuit has come on the heels of other disasters, and left Oswald -their last representative-with but a barren patrimony-barren in the literal sense of the word, for it mainly consists of a few hundred acres of miserable, half-reclaimed land somewhere in the north." I still wondered why it was that the young man had not preferred the open ing of a profession to the drudgery and humble status of a desk in a ship broker's office, and I made some careless remark of the kind. A momentary shade of disapproval rested upon my uncle's countenance. By implication, though quite inadver tently, I had reflected upon his own choice of a career. " ; .: , ÷+all you that, in my opinion, W?rr~':r Ls. . ':3 wisely," he said. SMeareztetre chers:es -'e' vs da*-iing ci sho n :nd retphs ts; otnherv. and i reantng i candct, co iytr o. us :n:w ir hato unerso into a.ther can Ce.l Thi as I have .:waei was - ho catr meoncmunt ofr i rte rwricr. tn stounch in mveer 'b gl t the stru glng.ew t ernd. flame. the recenrt of ta: eaing, sm eths breathe the cherisaed nret into ta e ears of her bosom friend?- I at Ieast i shounld find this task impossible. It is enough to state briefly that, during thei engthening days of that blissful spring, Oswald and I met often, at irst casually, and then by design; that feel ings of mutual interest deepened into regard; and, before either of us knewi it had undergone yet another and more momentons evolution, and had become -love. The awakening was brought about by circumstances which threatened to quench in miserable gloom the strng gling dame. It is necessary to explain something of the architecture and interior arrange ments of the quaint, old-fashioned build ing. It is one of the few in the city still p;asessing a garden-a green gem in the grim, unsightly setting of encir cling brick and mortar. The counting house and business premises occupied an entire and commodious suite of rooms at the west cmrner of the edifice. They were carefully divided and made distinct from the still larger section of R/A&igh; IoHsa, ehich i:r fsrLc years haO tSen my 0c:'es baciselor r ilence. Thre's was r.:x built o?,t lrm!n the mhin partion of -be etastrn rie, and ccnnetewd ?by rcm-r.eI pEasage wi;hthe cnse'rvatory, wic. wa devrtci to my orvo as. L is .t _p my eaaol and gave free rein to the enthusiasm for art which my slay in Rome had quickened; and it was the custom for Mr Hollins worth ano Oswald Wardour to leave the counting-house from the honse-th'ey were invariably last-and sending in their keys by a trusted butler, a man who had been in my uncle's employ for a quarter of a century, to pass under the windows of my studio to the gate at the end of the broad Iath. I trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. It was excessively close for the last week of May-there was surely thunder in the air. I was tired of painting, and I had retreated from the slowly slanting blaze of sunlight which had crept half way up my easel to a shady corner be hind the screen that masked the entrance to the conservatory. The steps I knew so well soon sounded on the asphalted path without. The window was open and I heard voices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked fartivelyin, and fan cied the room was vacwnt, whilst I smiled in my roguish mischief at his error-a smile that quickly faded. " Yes, it is a round two hundred that I need, and that, by hook or by crook, I muat have. Can you accommodate me at a pinch, Hollinsworth ?" Oswald said. They had halted; and in my own despite I was forced to play the eares dropper, to hear, with tingling cheeks, my own name brought into the discus ason. " Possibly I can. But you must answer a question before I give you a definite decision," said the senior clerk in smooth tones, that somehow made me shiver. "Do I argue correctly from observation in believing that you are aiming at high game, Wardeur-that you propose to win the hand of Miss Bertha Craig 7" Plainly Oswald hesitated. My poor fco'.ish heart seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, in an outburst of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker's agitation. "You have-divined-very strangely -I regret it-my secret. I love Bertha. You are the first to hear the confession." He little guessed that he had two listeners. "It will go no fur ther I am convinced, from your lips, Mr Hollinsworth. What bearing has this on my request 7" The other gave a dry cough. "The fact constitutes a sort of secu rity, don't you see ?" he said. They had resumed their progress to wards the gate. I was alone in my new found joy. My heart went out yearning in a full and free response. Oswald should ask but to have. Yet even at this stage there were storm clouds on the horiz m. My uncle, who for so many years had stood to me in the place of both my deed parents and a mother could scarcoly have been more tender, a father more patient and forbearing-would probably object, and consider himself victimised by those he had befriended. I was but a child in his eyes still, though my twentieth birthday was passed; and I hal a conviction that he had formed quite a different plan for my future. Again, there could be no very cheerful meaning to Oswald Wardour's urgent need of so consider able a sum as £200. My forebodings with respect to my uncle's opposition speedily were justified by the event. He drew me quietly one morning into the big, desolate chamber which was called a library, and so rarely used. " I have heard a whisper, Bertha, which I hope has no foundation in fact," he said. "I will keep my own counsel as to its precise terms. I have two things to say. Your cousin, Roger Hilton, is coming to England in the autumn from his firm's branch at Hong Christmas. wan ou o to be Irrenas - He emphasised the word. "The other matter concerns Wardonur. I would like to help him up the ladder, but you must not tempt him to presume. You and he ha i better be practically strangers to one another. If there is any danger of mis take, I will at once fill Wardour's place with a substitute; there are plenty to be had." It was in every sense plain speaking. Twice I had attempted-in vain-to in terrupt, and when my n0cle had finished he waved me sternly into silence. "Not now; some other time, Bertha," he said, and was gone. Perhaps it was well that my indig nant self-defence and championship of Oswald was ruthlessly suppressed. I am of an impulsive temperasrent, as doubt less has been disclosed, and might have pitifully blundered. But my brain was in a whirl, and I was embittered against Mr Hollinsworth, who, beyond reason able question, had made traitorous use of the admission wrung from his too c,?fiuiog colleague. This disr.,rnab'o episode was but the ÷rly m ftterag ·, the coming tempest 'to a ys inter 'ha storm broke in its t-ry. Moy ncle had been robbed. A "byrv lv~ ha ~'3.= to light, and every o1: oCi eirisunco combined to fix the I," :bhe s :rions deed upon Oswald ,Ic ialit proof is complete and irre~'ragi8e. '.eha. I earnestly wish I I -"id c·,pn . se she conclusion to which it p.ea," said my uncle, sitting in his S:a.. ig?-chei and watching with a aodes, tra'.bled pity, my pale and Spieding a::r tenance. v" o , wi, forgive me that I have rti! faitsh i: Mr Wardoor's integrity," i said. .ev strange and far off my words sounded in my own ears: " Certainly. I wish I could share it. I knew Wardour's mother once; she was a noble woman, and pnur as the driven snow. It was for her sake that 1 listened to the young fellow's applica tion. And the blow will kill her." Had I been less absorbod by the one aim which was now before me, I should have detected in this outburst the echoes -yet reverbaratingdown the years-of an old romance. The interpretation was to come later. "Then at least you will refrain from pressing the prosecution ?" I said, plucking up hope. Alas I for a girl's ignorance I "It is the bank, not I, on whose ini tiative Wardour will be committed," my uncle answered, "and once the charge has come under their cognisance, there is no option but to procce. At the trial the incriminating circumstances- black as they appear, I am constrained re to admit, even to me-may be explained D. and Wardour may be acquitted; but te until then-." d I heard no more. They told me after le wards that I had swooned. Y There were two dreadful appearances d in a police court, of which, like an epi 6 curs in anguish, I studied all the details in the daily journals. I was not forbid den, for I think my uncle fancied that e so only could my mind be effectually y freed from the delusion of Oswald War u dour's innocence. n The case was indeed dark against the ir prisoner, and there were moments when confidence reeled and I feared that I might have to drink my cup of bitter ness to the dregs, and with my own f reasoning faculties acquiesce in a verdict of condemnation. But the memory of t many and many a quiet chat in which r Oswald's high aspirations and upright d character had stood revealed came back g like a procession of mournful ghosts I and reproached me with my doubts. \- Gathered into a narrow space, the e testimony on which the charge was V based was as follows : Oswald Wardour i had admitted to Mr Hollinsworth the pressing want of precisely the sum ob tained as the fruit of the unscrupulous \- deceit. He had tried to borrow the amount and ultimately failed. To the truth of the greater part of this sworn evidence of the senior clerk I. too, could have witnessed, had the prosecution had any inkling of the circumstances3; Icekily they were in darkness. The cheque that bore the forged signature was one that had been drawn "to bearer," for Mr Craig's approval and completion, on the previous even ing; and as, contrary to expectation, my uncle had not reappeared in the counting-house after noon, had been left in a private letter-rack until the morning. But on the morrow it had mysteriously vanished--util a con fidential warning sent to the bank had revealed that it had already been negotiated by Oswald Wardoar. The fraud was at once detected. The prisoner's defence was declared by the newspapers to be "daring," which was their euphemism for im probable and unsatisfactory. Without equivocation, Oswald acknowledged that he had asked Mr Hollinsworth to loan him two hunired pounds for three months. He further affirmed that his senior had alternated between willing ness and unwillingness to grant his petition for momentary aid. But what was his meditated use for the money he refused to say; and the silence was in terpreted against him. Finally-on the night in question he had casually met Hollinsworth, and had been recommended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morning at a coffee room in Canton- street. busp:ctiog no evil, he went to Torlenti's restaurant, and, met there a middle-aged man, with massive i features, raven black hair and a hawk like nose-such was Oswald's descrip tion, and it fixed itself in my memory who said that he was a junior partner t in Wiltonwort and Company, a new firm recently founded in the same line as the great house of "G. Craig." He knew and respected Mr Holline worth, and on his introdnction would oblige Oswald, It was a surprise said the accused-to find the draft thee offered bore air Craig's name; but a plausib!e account of a business transac tion was carelessly given, and Oswald did not dream of treachery. Even when the unsigned cheque was missed, a vague sense of uneasiness was all that troubled o him, until his feet were actually caught in the net. t This tale pointed to a conspiracy, of r which no fragment of corroboration was a forthcoming. Mr Holiinsworth denied I every word of it that inculpated himself. t and was believed-except by one weak r giri. I had never likol this man. i although at one time or another and in t divers ways I had seen much of him, I and had been impressed by his grea* mercantile knowledge and hb;?..passab'e a demeanor. Still, my uncle had always v mxuumry-urusted him. The case against Oswald as it stood, awaiting the last word of so-called t justice, was currently held to be tested and determined by a single question : Where was the shadowy individual who ' played so conspicuous a part in l the prisoner's narrative ? Wiltonwort 5 and Company knew nothing of him. I Let the accusel produce him, or put the 1 police upon his track. My unoce was very kind to me in.a thase dsys. He could not help seeing r that I was suffering, and the cause was not far to seek. But he refrained from t harassing inquiries and from expostula tion. He probably reproached himself for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My knowledge of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitions ; he had never told me that he loved me nar had he asked me to be his wife. "London is not suiting you in these close days, Bertha," said my unole gravely one evening, in the interval that was to precede Oswald's trial at -name of horror and dloom !--the Old Bailey. "Suppose you run down to Edgerly's placa in Warwickshire for a week or two; they'll be delighted to make you welcome." Thesewere the friends of my Italian pilgrimage, and I was esure that the suggestion was not broached at hap hazard. There had doubtless been a correspondence. i I hesitated. Thea- r "If you wish it, I think I will go, uncle," I said. My preparations for the journey were not elaborate. Mrs Brett, the house keeper, was a person of forethought and resource, and a few hours sufficed to have my travelling boxes inspected and packed, and my uncle saw me into a reserved first class carriage at Euston. The train by which I travelled stopped at all the chief junctions from Willsden to its goal. It was immedi ately after passing one of these stages that a seemingly trivial circumstance occurred, upon which, with a mental vision less quickened by suffering, I should perhaps have bestowed no particular attention. Certain frag ments of torn paper flattered in the breeze past my open window, and one of them-somewhat larger than its com panions- became fixed between the mahogany slide and the blind cord. It t quivered like an ensnalred living thing.t Suddenly I started, and a queer thought dominated my brain. The clear, fine caligraphy was wondrously like thes writing of my uncle's chief clerk. II examined the scrap narrowly, and my suspicion was conDfirmed. The vary paper had the waterline of that need in I my uncle's offioe, and was of similar t texure. Iread : -dour will be con -at number eight Toar street -letters will be sure- A whisper-which was the product, doubtless of my heated imagination, but which sounded as the voice of one even than languishing is prison-filled in the missing syllables in the first line, and :I repeated mechanically. "Wardour will be convicted. He shall not !" I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon the winds this letter ? Could it be the trickster of Torlenti's restaurant ? This inspiration was justified by what my eyes beheld at the very next station. To scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the train was now my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly repaid. At Densford my glance was riveted, as if by magnetism, upon a man who answered almost exactly to the word picture given from Oswald's lips in the columns of the Daily Sun. There were the ponderous features, the coal-black hair and the scanty beard, the nose of distinctly Israseltish cast. I drew down my veil, and ob'ivious to my luggage and its fate, of every thing cave the imperative necessity of tracking the apparently unperturbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a difficult pur suit, or I might have betrayed my pur pose. My quarry entered a third-rate inn at the bottom of the station hill; and as he was accompanied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side door of the bar, I had good ground for my hope that a stay was intended. I sought out the Densfor.l post office, and immediately despatched a telegram to my uncle. I felt I had stumbled upon the trail of the real criminal in that dreadful business of the forgery; or rather I should say criminals, for as a sequel showel, the guilt was almost equally divided. In the afternoon my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to my startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of his cogent representa tions a magisterial warrant was granted ; and, armed with this, the Densford inspector of police arrested the man called Edgar Hollinsworth. Discomfited and demoralized by the swift suddenness of the blow, the victim threw himself on the clemency of the magistrate, in other words made full confession. It was a disclosure full of pain for the upright merchant whose trust ha l been abused. Again I will try to condense an intri cate narrative. James Hollinsworth, my uncle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow up in his hearts jealous hatred of Oswald Wardounr. He feared that in due time Oswald might step above him into the partnership at which for so many years he-Hollinsworth had aimed. Hollinsworth had a scpe grace brother called Edgar, long ac counted dead, who had reappeared at one of these evil junctures which are the touchstones of men's characters. He had visited my uncle's clerk in the office at an hour when Oswald was away at the docks, and had tried to levy black mail. Then came the tempta'ion, to which the elder brother had succumbed. Coald not Oswald's need of £200 be made the basis of a plot to rain him ? James Hollinsworth told his ally what was required, and purchased at a heavy price his assistanoe. How the scheme workel has already been made plain. It was a aig3nlar oioo;ideneo,-and one which did not redound to the man'e credit, that, under pressure of these revelations, a waiter at Torlenti's restaurant had his memory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occur rence within his master's precincts of the interview between E Igar Hollins. worth and Oswald Wardour, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always biliersv ,Las this waiter had been .t.be to silence. xt proved impossible to hush up the affair, and a sentence of penal servitude was passed upon both the brothers. "And you saved me, Miss Craig," Oswald said, when, for a few precious minutes on the morning of his release, we were alone. " But for you I might be in yonder cell yet," and he shuddered. I " Miss Craig-Bertha-is my guess a right one-that you care-that at least you can care-for me a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life are yours ?" Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know in what terms he did reveal the secret; but I stand to what I have written. At least I am correct in reporting my answer. "I can care-everything," I mur mnured. A few months after, the one remain ing mystery was solveI. Coal had been discovered on Oswall's "barren acres inthe north." It was for purposes of ex periments, in which he was sworn to secrecy, that he had required the loan .of the £200. But, even without the pros pect of this wealth, my uncle would now have withdrawn his opposition to Oswald as my suitor. "Your love, child, has been tried in adversity; may it be the stronger and more lasting," he said. We are grateful and content. 