The Presidential election in the United States will on this occasion prove of more than ordinary interest to (Treat Britain, and consequently to the whole of her colonies. Every fonr years the President is elected, and for at least six months tbe whole country I is thrown into intense excitement. It is aouniiini li pnouc ieeung in tne United States has ever rnn so high sinoe the election of Lincoln on a split vote in 1860 c&OBed; tbe great Oivil war as it will during tbe present elec tion campaign. The fact of Hr M'Kinley securing an overwhelming majority at the Sb. Lonis Qovention, and thereby obtaining the Republican candidate ticket, shows that the Re publicans are determined to fight out tbe great contest on the tariff issue alone. Mr M'Kinley, it will be re membered, was the author, whilst a | Senator, of the M'Kinley tariff — tbe i heaviest protective doty ever imposed ' by any nation, ibis tariff was simply protection run mad, amounting in 1 some instances to upwards of 100 per cent., and wag in effect absolute pro- 1 hibition. When put into operation I this tariff created a great revulsion of ! feeling. The country roseagainstit,and ; showed its disapproval oy allowing tbe Democrats to Bweep the polls at the following Presidential election, Cleve- 1 land defeating Harrison, the Eepubli can and high tariff candidate, by tbe ; heaviest majority that has ever been ' secured in a Presidential election. The roufc of the M'Kinley party — tbe Re publican — was as pronounoed as it was significant. There was a complete political revolution against the M*]£in ley tariff, and State after State which bad hitherto voted Republican broke away from its party allegiance and tbrew its weight against General Har rison, who then represented the con tinuance of the ultra-protective, or ratner^tantt prohibition, party. Trade and commerce had been severely harassed and crashed under the ab normally high duties levied, and the first elections were seized as an oppor tunity to replace General Harrison and his Republican high tariff Govern ment by Mr Cleveland, the chosen of the Democrats, representing what in the United States is regarded as the more moderate protectionists. Senator M'Kinley, however, beaten ae he wag, was not, as is usual with American politicians, sent into oblivion with defeat. That bis star waB not stt was demonstrated by bis being elected Governor of Ohio two years after tbe repeal of bis tariff. The fact' of M'Kinley securing 662 votes on the first ballot, whilst only 300 were cast for tbe remaining five candidates, shows that the Republicans have, with unusual unanimity, adopted the ultra protective tariff of the M'Kinley party, and were it not for the split over tbe currency question he would carry a eplendidly compact vote. As we re cently pointed out, tbe representatives of the silver States were attempting to secure an alliance with tbe protection ists, their aim being to carry through Congress a free coinage hill linked with ultra-protection. The western States have always been opposed to high tariff?, but with the silver-producing States of tbe west Bilver coinsge is of much greater importance than nnv tariff — it means tne opening -of the | enormous silver mines of the western State?, which cannot produce silver at the existing rates, the result bsing that tens of thousands of miners are thrown out of employ ment. For Eome time the eastern protectionists have been coquetting with the free silver men; but the fact of the St. Louis Convention having, by the overwhelming majority of 800 votes to 106t decided to preserve tbe present gold standard until an inter national agreement has been arrived at to rrgalste tbe relative values of gold and Bilver proveB that the Bilver men are not nearly so strong as was anticipRted, and, further, that the Republicans believe they are suffi ciently powerful to cany the polls without the aid of tbe tUver-prodnolng States. The tariff battle in the United States is of gnat importanoe to Great Britain and ber dependencies, particu larly to Canada. Should the M'Kinley tariff again be put into operation, it will have tbe effect of praotically closing the markets of the tfnited States to British products, and will anaredly.be followed by a retaliatory tariff *-n tbe part of €anada.*r To Australia the one item of direct in terest in the United States tariff is that of wool) but to England and Canada the whole tariff will to of immediate importanoe. It was the enforcement of tbe M'Kinley tariff five yean ago that compelled the] Canadians in self-defenoe to favor] differential duties with Great' Britain and other parts , ot . J&e; Empire. 1 The Canadians argue if the United States wiU not take Canadian products Canada will similarly olose her markets to Amerioan goods, and is prepared to import only from ports whioh in turn are open to Canadian commerce. The argument is oertainly logical, and will assuredly be applied during the ap proaching Canadian elections. Whet will be the result of the Presidential eleotions it would be sheer guess work to estimate. Sinoe tbe Reoon structioh days the United States politics has been a veritable see saw, Republicans and Democrats in tnrn taking office. The viotory of the Democrats in 1892, however, was so overwhelming that unless there has | been a vast and complete change of | public opinion it is diffioult to see how the Repobhoans oan hope to carry the eleotions without the assistance of the I silver States. At tbe last elections, held in 1892, the polling of the Elec toral College was as follows Cleve land, Democrat, 274 $ Harrison, Re* publican, 185 ; Weaver, People's party, 82. At tbe last-named §5 supported Cleveland in preference to Harrison, tbe Democrats carrying 25 8tates against 14 won bv the Repub licans, and Ohio, Mr M'Kinley's own State, was carried by the Democrats, Mr M'Kinley being so ohagrined that he refused to speak at the declaration of the poll. President Harrison ad mitted that the nation had protested against the M'Kinley tariff, and unless there has been a decided revulsion of feeling it does seem hazardous for the Republicans to now select as their Presidential candidate the very man who lost them their elections four years ago. The first annual meeting in connection with the Rescue work carried out by the 8alvation Army is to be held this evening. It would scarcely be desir able to anticipate the facts that will be disclosed by those who will to-night speak authoritatively of tbe good work that has been accomplished in connec tion with Rescue wore in Launceston and elsewhere, but it can fairly be said that it haB now been placed on such a j basis ob to deserve the support and | hearty sympathy of all classes and ; creeds in the community. And it is ; sympathy that is so earnestly needed in ? such a work — the rescuing of unfortu nate women from lives of infamy and misery, and of placing their feet ; once more on solid ground in tbe right path. Such a work appeals to all from the standpoints alike of Christianity, humanity, and social order. It bears the imprint of the Master s hand, it commands the sympathy of every human heart, ana in the interests of social laws it is right that these wretched, wasted liveB should be turned to better acoonnt* Tbia Rescue work is one of the grandest and noblest that can be undertaken, and it is therefore to be hoped that tbe meetiog to-night will be of suob a character as to prove that the practical sympathy of (he people of Launceston is with the rescuer*, tbe rescued, and those still awaiting'to be rescued. The Theory of Attitude.— The Bishop of Tasmania conducted service at St, John's last night, when there was a full church. The Bishop preached from Psalm xxvii,, 16. There was a fall choir, and the *nthem was effectively rendered, Miss Bateman (soprano) and Hr Bale (bass) undertaking the boIo parts. Before commencing his discourse the Bishop made reference to tbe fact that part of tbe congregation stood, whilst a portion remained sitting, wbea the anthem was sang. Be was a great stickler for cong-tega- 1 tional siDging, and believing that every act ! in chnrch worship shonld have a meaning. Ee would like to say something about the 1 theory of attitude. Though he might not have had an opportunity of practising the anthem,and did not know it, he stood whilst it was rendered to show that it was bis act ; as well as that of the choir. Tboagh he did ] not know the music, yet be stood to Bbow I that it was oonnesatlonal. and that he I joined in it In bis heart and mind. He | hoped that those present would consider the : anthem as their song and congregational. Fortune's Wheel. — One of those un expected things which one mostly reads of i as happening in the sensational novel, bat whioh occasionally do happen in real life, oar Bt. Leonards correspondent writes, has befallen the lot of a well-known teacher of the yoobg ideas how to shoot in the person of Ur W. J. Figgis, of St, Leonards, head master of the local State school. The gentle-! man referred to has during the past few ' days received the, it is needless to cay wel come, intelligence that throagh the death of I an aunt in England he is the recipient of a I stun of £10,000 cash. The bi qaeBt it one amongst several which have fallen to thn lot of relatives in the old country, and the charities of London have benefited to a Urge extent as well. Ur Figgis* many friends will, no doabt, be ready to heartily congra tulate him on bis good fortune. He has always been a popular residents the little village, and been foremostin the promotion of anything tended to benefit the inhabit ants, and tbey will, it is safe to say, wish him and bis life partner and their family very many years in whioh to enjoy tbe windfall. Public Wobks.— The amounts of the following tenders accepted for road works are approximate, being calculated at sche dule prices Road, Smyley's-road, Frank lin—Contract S, U. M Garry, £46 2s 6J. Tamar Bridge, Launceston — Bogle and Clark, £9196 lSi 6i (subject to oertain alterations by enbBtitution of iron trongh plating for wood decking, to be hereafter arranged with contractors. Abchbishop Mubphy'e Jubilee — After the night strvioe at the Church of tbe Apostles Dean Betehinor lesterday ad dressed his congregation on the 6uVij«ct of presenting a testimonial to tbe Archbishop of Hobart, Dr. Murpby, who in October n^xt will complete his fiftieth year as a bishop. He mentioned that when first ap pointed Bishop tbe ArcbLisbop was tbe youngest Bishop in the world, end spoke in tbe highest terms of Dr. Uurphv's career. — Mr Sullivan proposed, ' that this meeting record its gratification at the approaching golden jubilee of the venerable and lovable preacher, who has so long ruled over the Church in this colony, and re solves to celebrate suoh a unique event in the most fitting manner.'' Dr. B. W. Murphy , seconded tbe motion, which was cam-.d.— Mr B.J. Meyers moved, 'That an address be; E resented to bis Grace on the celebration of is jubilee, accompanied by a purse of sove reigns. to be raised by means of public sub scriptions.' Mr W. 1. Thrower seconded the motion, which was carried.— A com mitted was elected to carry oat tbe resola- , t ions.— A collection was then taken np, a considerable amount being gathered.— Mr P. M'Crackan moved, and Mr E. J. O'Brien seconded, a cordial vote oi thanks to the chairman, which was carried unanimously, and the meeting closed, The Bishop of Tasmania —At Trinity Church' yesterday morning the Bishop ot Tasmania preached the .sermon. The Uf.v. W* H. Edwards, curate, read the service, and there was a moderately good congregation. Ihe Bishop's text was 1 Corinthiars,xlii.,12 the Sttl'jtrct being ihe Trinity, He polnlod cot that although that word did not cccnrin the Bible it was tbe best to explain tbe revelation of Hloi thoykoow and to Whom they trusted. In regard to the things of faith, ihe light they had was Included in the creeds. The Apostles' creed gave the answer as to what the Scriptures made Christ to be; and, referring to the Nioane Creed, the utterance of the Primate ot Ireland was a beautiful thought pat into most appropriate I language, ' The guns of battle have been I melted in the bells of worship.' After dealing with the mastery of life and of God, he went on to show that tbe Spirit of God j lived In the world, and was the support ot J all ages. Neither the creeds nor the saora-J ment would explain the mystery, bnt what was meant by the Trinity was the revelation { of God the Father, God the Boo, and God the Holy Ghost, the Comfort of rest for the heart and sonl of those who sought His help. In the afternoon tbe Bishop preached at Bt. Oswald's, and at night In St. John's. Uholaiu rd Telegram. — A telegram ad dressed 'Greene, Lewis' boot factory,** awaits a claimant at the Launceston Bleotrio Telegraph Office. SundAy Bafd Cohgebt. — The Garrison Band occupied the rotunda in the Oity Park yesterday afternoon, and rendered num*rous popular selections to a moderate attendance of appreciative persons. - Captain Just's Dynamite Gun.— Since tbe appearance of Ihe dynamite air gun invented by Lieutenant Zallnski, ot the United States navy, bnt little has been heard of new movements in that class of warlike apparatus. The idea has been fol lowed up, however, by an Australian, and Oaptain Jast's pneumatio dynamite gun has been golog through some practical trials at the Williamstown rifle ranges during the last few days. Tbe weapon used was a model lift 9ln long, representing a 10-ln gun in ab .ut one-quuter else. It was made entirely at Johnson's T.ine Foundry, under the superintendence of Lieulenant-Oolonel Boddam. K.E. The barrel Is of the best phosphor brorse, the first of its kind made 1 in Australia. In Zalinskl's gun the air pressure was applied continuously to the pro- 1 jeoLiie, but Captain J net's system provides for fonr distinct impulses automatically actu ated by the shell as ft passes throogh the tube. This' is calculated to give lower trajectory aad locreased range. The 10io gun firing a 6001b charge of dynamite is estimated to range four miles, and Its model actually did 2000 yards. The WUllamstown trials were oonsldered completely successful. In providing the air pressure tor tbe trials assistance was rendered by the Defence De partment, which lent the inventor some Whitehead torpedo chargers. Tbe gun is designed rather for naval use than for fort resses. It is mounted on a fixed carriage, which absorbs tho recoil, but it is also de signed to disappear nnder oover, as with the hydro-pneumatic mountings ot the Arm strong guns at tbe Heads, only that the dis appearance is much more simply effected by running back down an inclined place behind tbe para net. Hydraulic power is nsed to run back, and also to run the gun up to the firing position. Negotiations have been opened np with the Chinese Government by Mr B. O. Padney as agent for tbe Inventor, and an agreement was made for purchases to the valae of £140,000 conditionally on the | gun fulfilling the claims of tbe inventc r. Mr Pudney, who visited China last year in this oonnection, leaves again tbis week to push forward the negotiations. Captain Jastwlll leave on Tuesday for London to bring under the notice of the Imperial authorities a new pattern of torpedo he has recently perfected. A public triai of the dynamite .goo is an nounced to take place at North Williams town ranges on Tnesday next. The Milduba ' Temperance' Settle ment. —The returns of the Hildura Custom house, afford interesting figures with regard to tbe consumption of liquor annually, but in this connection it most be also taken into account that the restriction does not extend to the local mannfaoture and sale of wine, which has been fermented from the time the local wine, which is said to be of high alcoholic strength and immature condition, could be placed on tbe market for local CODBumptiua. me ogures sappnea uj lae local Oastom house, giving returns for tbe -ear enJlog 81st December, 1895, show that 12,670 gallons of beer, ale and stoat were imported coastwise, and 2234 gallons ex bond, or a total of 14,918 galloos, valued at £2982. The import of spirits for tbe same period was 826 gallooB coastwise and 679 gallons cx bond, or a total of 1005 gallons, valued at £1105. The Import of wine was 60 gallons, valued at £60, making the total valae of liquor imported for tbe year 189S at £4147. To this has to be added the looal sales of local wine, estimated at about £600 for Jgft year, As these elabs are private concerns the actual figures are not available, but it is fair to assume that fully SO per oent. of the liquor imported is con sumed at the clubs, so that the consumption per head may be reckoned a fairly good one, considering that by estimating the membership of the olnbs at 120 each we would be well within the mark. Leaving the clubs out of the question, and taking the number of ratepayers at 1240 for the entire settlement, the average consumption is even then a very good one, for it is equal to over 12 gallons of beer and nearly one gallon of spirits per adalt per annam. Taking the i estimate of liquor consumed at £6000, and the adult population of Iflldura at 1200, many of whom live on the outskirts of the settlement and rarely visit the township, we find the annual consumption valued at over £4 per head, as against the £8 8s or £8 is per head for the whole colony, as shown by the 11 Victorian Tear Book.' So it will be seen that in the circumstances Mildura is I scarcely entitled to be considered a temper- i ance settlement. It may or may not be : possible to procure tempcrance by Act of Parliament, but it is clear at anyrate that, as regards Mildura, the intention of the Act has bten frustrated. The wife of Mr D. Bobinson, a prominent lumberman of Hartwick, N.V., was sibk with rheumatism for five months. In speaking of it, Mr Bobinssn says : ' Chamberlain's Pain Balm is the only thing that gave her any rest from palo. For the relief of pain It cannot bo beat.' Many very bad cases of rheumatism have been cured by it For sale by all dealers.— Hatton and Laws General Agents.* Ase for W. D. Peacock and Go's new season's Jams, tins contain l6oz net,* The premises until recently occppied by M.r W. Boddon, 27 Qaadrant, having been renovated and furnished, are to be known io future as the Quadrant Coffee Palace. Tbe same will be open from to-day, and under tbe proprictresshlp of Mrs Wilton wiU be made to meet all demands, In the way of homely conveniences, ot country residents and oth'ra visiting Launceston.* The finest Jams in Tasmanian are W. D PEACOCK AND Oo.'S. Full weight tins * The flrat n.nnid meetinff in connection with the rescue work carried on by the Salvation i Army will be held In the Mechanics' Insti- 1 tote to-night at 8 o'clock. L'cal ministers and others will address the meeting, : Ilb net, lib net. Delicious and whole- 1 some W. D. Peaoock and Co.'s new ! season's jams* Mr D. Burke will address a meeting ot the electors of iheCrtBsy district at the Oressy Hall to-night at 7*80. The Kast Launc;'Bton 6chool, conducted by Mr Abraham Barrett, will open after the wintt-r vacation on Wednesday, July 1 The British MaBeum rect-ivcs an average annual instalment ot zdU,UUI) newspapers. The diamonds in one symbol of the Bbah's rank are said to weigh almost 201b. Coal Is dearer in Sooth Africa than in any other part of the world ; it is cheapest in China. It Is asserted that two-thirds of the grown male population of the globe either smoke or chew tobacco. It takes about three seconds for a message to go from one end of the Atlantic cable to tbe other. About 600.000 trees are annually planted by Swedish icbool children under the guid ance of their toachcrs. Bvory day the Thames has scooped oat of its banks 1600 tons of matter, or more than half a million tons a year. 