THE MASTER CRAFTSMAN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY SIR WALTER BESANT, M.A., Anthor of) "All Sorts and - Conditions of Man." " Herr Paulas," " The World Went Vary Well Then," "In Deacon's" Orders," Ac. , rALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Chapter XVI.— Dissolution. What might have lrapponcd aftor this act of open rebellion I do not know. Perhaps 'there terrifying overtures woro tho first slgnB of a real but as yet unconscious passion, just caiicd into cxistonco by somo uuexpeoiod charm of a girl whoso charms ho had nover understood. Certain I am that a man eo complete in oil bis fnoultics could not lack tho universal faculty of love ; it is only dullards who nro sold to Venus. Tho greatest mon liavo always boon tho most open to tho charms of women; subsequent ovents proved so much at least. Equally certain it is that had this sleeping lover boon awakened completely, he would have paid small attention to any obstacle or icsistnnco offorod by bis mistress. Sho would havo beon ordered to put on a white frock, aud she would bavo boon dragged , to the altar. The boils would havo rung onco moro nt the parish ohuroli of Wnppiug for tho wedding of another Burnikoi, boat builder,, liko his uncostors. Providonco interposed to avert thiH calamity, nnd in order to mako it impossible provided earthquakes and convulsions. Proud, indebd, should that maiden bo for whom, in order to prevent nn unhappy mnr'riugo, the wholo nation sbouid-bo thrown into agitation. It camo tho ' vory noxt morning— tho day aftor this iovors' quarrel.' The thing happoncd which Robert bad boon expecting su long. You all rqmombcr how ovcrybody said it was coming — coming — coming. And it camo not. The Govornmont, with its narrow majority, still hung on ; it still discussed and passed bills. All tbo papers on ono side doclared that tho dissolution must come ; tlioy said it must ooqic in a month — a wock — tlio day after, to-mor row at latest. How could a Cabinet go on With tbeir absurd littlo majority ? Tho papers on tho otbor side declared that tho Government could go on for over if thoy plouscd even with a majority of ono ; but their confidence was weakened by tho rumois published in tiie saino columns and by tbo reports of movements, tho appearance of candidates, aad tho active work already beginning among the constituencies. And tho by-oloctions, ono aftor tho other, wore going against the Government. Aud outsiders liko Robort daily saw more reason for belioving that thoro must bo, bofore long, nn appeal to tho country. But still the Govern ment continued. Than — lo ! The thing ' came —and it secmod to burst upon the world as quite aa unoxpeated thing. We received it as if wo bad had no idea of its possibility. Robert took his paper like most of us, ns a part of his breakfast. This morning ho opened it with loss engorncis than usual, because his mind was disturbed by that littlo rebellion in tbo study. Ho wns uncertain, I boliovo, how to comport himsolf with tho oulprit, who now sat opposite him with looks still ihutinous. But the thing that ho road in tho forefront of tho paper drove all other thoughts out of bis head. And so far as concerned Isabel thoy novor came back again, as you . shall hoar if you have patience. There it was, in big letters, "DISSOLUTION." Ho road tho announcement, and tho linos that followed, first swiftly, as ono always reads things that aro surprising. Tbo plain, bald intelligence of an ovent can bo mastered in a moment. Tho bearing., and meanings, and possibilities aud certainties and doubtful, ncssos of tho event take a second, and a third reading for fuller comprehension. It is a strange power that of reading a wholo oolumn of nows in -one gianco down a column. Wo all have it in moments oj. qxoito- merit." Tho first timo, then, that Robert road tho news ho grasped it ail at that ono giacao ; tbo second time and the third timo he read it more slowly, turning ovor in bis mind at the samo moment tho possiblo relation of the Dissolution of Parliament to himsolf. Nothing national bos ovor muoh affected me, nor is it likely to affcot mo now, unloss it makes tho price of materials prohibitory. Then ho laid down the paper, and guzpd across tlio table at; Isabel, who was still nndor the terror of yesterday, and feared new developments, Thoro was no cause for any suoh Anxioty. \- " It has oomo," ho said solemnly. And thon sho know that she was safe, beoauso sho divinod what had happened. "What has como ?" 1 askod the Captain, astonished, looking up from his plate of bacon, "What I havo boon looking for, what is going to make my fortune— tho Gonoral Election lias come. That's all. Only the General Elec tion ! At last !" ho sighed. Then ho throw tho paper across tho table. "You oan havo it," ho said. ' Anyono caa havo it. Thore's no moro news in it so far as I caro. Tho dissolution of Parliament ! There's news enough for mo. Quito enough." Ho swallowed his tea and retreated to his own den without moro words. " OU !" said tho Oaptaln thoughtfully, " it's a Gontral Election, is it ? Then they'll have an election at Shndwoll, I suppose. Ah 1 And Robert will gat in. They all toll mo lio'U got in. And thoy say be'U work wonders when ho does got in. Yory likoly. I don't know muoh about those things, Isabol, but I'vo livod for 65 years and they've been looking for wonders all tho timo, it socms lo mo. Whou I used to como home — whioh wns onco in fivo yenrs or so— I usod to say, ' Woll, what are you doing?' 'Looking for wondors." That's what they always said, or words to that effcot. And tho wondors novor camo, and, what was moro wonderful, Wo got on quite as well without them. Ono aftor the other I remember them all. Thoro wns Pnlmor- ston and Johnny Russoll,. and John Bright and Gladstone and Bradlaugh'and Balfour — but the wondors neror camo. Next its going to be Burnikoi, if bo's lucky aud can mako 'orn bclicvq in him. Woll, wolf Burnikoi and Wonders. Robert's as good as any of 'am. You'll seo. Givo mo somo moro tea, my dear." " Slnco Robort wants to get into tbo House I bopo lio will. I don't undorstand why ho should want it." "I hope so too. Bcenuse you see, Isabol, since wo aro nlono — it's a delicate subject to talk about — but as I say, sinco wo aro alone": — tbo oaptniu nppronohed tho subject with soma difficulty — "we may tulk a bit about what we can't tnlk about vory woll cithor with Goorgo or Robort." " What is it, father ?" "Woll, my door, it's about this engagement of yours. I confess I don't like tho'way it's going on. Thoro !" "Oh I Don't vox yourself, fnthor, about my engagement. You oan do no good by inter fering." " I don't want to interforb, but I don't liko it, I say. Robort a lover?" Why, bo takes no moro notlco of you thau if you wore q log." " Never mind, father. It is his way." " And you tho prettiest girl, though I say it, witbiu a milo all round. That is, tho prottiost girl sinco George oarno and put a little color into your cheeks, aud made you sit- upright. Why yoii aro uot tho samo girl. I shouldn't; know you again. You aro twico tho girl you woro. George has dono it all — aud all for Robert And Robort soos nothing." . ' " It is his way, fathor," sho repeated. "Goorgo don't liko it either. He told mo as muoh. Ho .wants mo to break it off, and lot Robort go. free. Says Robert ought to cruise iitout in 8cnroh of an animated iceberg iq petticoats, who would suit him. Nothing short of an icoberg would suit him, that's certain." "Pray do not say or do anything, father, I imploro you. Romomhcr what wo owe to Robert. The least' wo oan do in sueh a mutter as this is to reapcot his wishos. If ho wantB to put off his marriage, ho must." "I do remember, ohild. I wish I aould forgot," said the captain, gloomily. "I live upon his bounty." "Never by word or by notion or by look has bo made us' feel it, fathor." " I'll be as grateful as yon please, my dear; though somohow gratitude isn't ono of the fcoliuga whioh mako n man ohcorfui. It's a gloomy kind of dish tq oat is gratitudo. Como back to tho engagement, You'vo been' engaged for four or fivo years — sinco you wore seven teen, and now you are twenty -one. Havo y on any reason to believe tho timo is coming?" " I don't know," said ' Isabel. " Ho has said nothing." "Four years is a terrible long time for a young man to wait. .It isn't natural for a young man to wait so long. Do you suppose I would have waited four years?" Tho captain laughed. "Four days was nearer the. mark. Isabel, do you suppose there's— therq'ssomqono else— Up tho back stairs— somo other 'girl — another wifo in another port ?" "If Robert was in love with Bomo other girl ho wpuld.vory soon make an ond of .his engage ment," said Isabel. Tbo captain shook bis hoad dubiously, as ono loaded with sad experiences; but refrained from pursuing that branch of.tbo gubjeot. "To bo sure," bo wont on. "Robort's a bookish man ; bo reads a good deal, roads some thing every day. It's tbo only uso many of them got of their eyes. But even tbo roadiagest of youug follows oan't be always thinking about his books. Thon bo spcochifios a good deal — makes 'om up, ioarqs 'om and fires 'em off ; but a young follow can't bo always thinking about his speechifying. Mostly the young follows of the present day aro liko those of my day. They arc fond of a song and glass, and thoy like to shake u log now uuu uguiu, aud iu kioa a prottj woman." " Robort is not .one of that kind. - Ho never wants cither a song 'or a glass,. . And as for shaking a log— ob !" ' "But to wait for four years— four long years. To go on waiting as if ho liked it. It stioks in thq giziard, my ilcnr." " I amin no hurry, plcaso." " I'm not thinking, about you, my dear. . No one expoots you to bo in a hurry. I'm thinking about him,' -A woman always likes ooiurtship better than matrimony." , "I know as littlo of oao as of the other," said Isabel.' ' " Yes, my . dear, and it's a shame and a wonder.. \ What is the man mado of ? : .That's what puzzlos me. Well — but ' now— when Robort gets into the House of Commons, which I've always understood that bo desired, I sup pose liis ambition will be satisfied aad tlio thing will como off," "I am in no hurry," said Isabol. " And I do not know — and I shall not ask him." "Hang it! 'Tis tho man's part— the man's part, my dear, to bo in n hurry. So, I say, wo may expoot " . "Do not expoot anything, father. Lei us go In silence, I am to marry Robert when he iB willing. Till then I wait." "It was to copao off, he told mo) when be had done something or other. Well, a man can't be engaged for ovor. Tbo election, I expoot, was what lib meant." The captain teak up the paper again and read tho ' leading article in the paper twice over, slowly. " There is no doubt, I suppose," he, said, " though the papers do reel off lies every day, that they have ' got . tho right end of tho stick this timo. . There will be a general election, and Robert will.get in and——" "Father, do yon suppose ho really meant tho olcotiqn?" "What moro could' ho moan? And, as I said before, ho mau likes to go on being engaged for ever; 'Wedding' bells will be ringing, Isabel, wedding bbljs, . my dear," Sho row and fled. When I arrived at 10 o'oiook. Robert was still in his study pacing the room in uncontrollable agitation. f'The timo has eomo," ho ori d. " It has como. My ohaneo has come. I feel as if it was my only chance." " I songratulate you, Robert. As for your only ohaiico, that is rubbish. Yon are. only 26 . at _|hq, present moment Applying tho arithmetical' method, you mfey stand for nine Parliaments yet; probably there . will bo many more eh ancos between this and' your soyoutiBth birthday." "No, no,- It could not-be the same thing. I'vq thrown ail pay hopes, all my powers of persuasion and argumeat, into this election. I could noybr again be so fresh or so strqpg,.or work so bard, I must sueae'ed this. time. I am carrying tbo mqn away against their eonviotions — if thoy've any— I am making thorn follow me. That means work," , . "All right You shall get in.. 1 know nothing whatever about the matter, be cause I. never assisted at an election bcfore;.but here I am; take me; tako all my timo; I will livo here if you liko; I will look after tbo yard for you. I bavo heard of Nottingbanq lambB being wanted. I will become a lamb. Platforms aro sometimes roshed and candidates hustled off. . I w'll got up a stalwart . party of hustlers if you liko. Candidate! are heckled out of their five sonsos. I will bocomc : a heckler of the most venomous kind for your opponents. I can't write eplgruros and vorses, : because that part of my education 5 Of boon: neglected, But bcro I 'am, Robert— one' .man, at least, at your Borvice." " Thanks, a thousand times. You shall join; my committee to begin with. I must , mako hasto to got my committee together ; thqy shall: all bo working men except you. I must sit1 down' to prepare an address, I shall bavo to1 arrau'go' for an address somewhere, or other every night till polling day. It's going to be a splendid timo— a magnificent time. : By—1—" Ho Bworc a great oath, for tho first timo in bis life. "My ohaoce has corao — noy chance has. como !" His voi_cq softened ; he sank into .his chair 1 and loaned his head npon bis band. Robert' was for a moment overcome. The spectaolo of this emotion pleased me, I suppose no one. likes to think of a man as altogether composed of cast iron. ' Whon any ordinary human being sees tho thing for whioh all his lifo long ho .bas- worked and longed aotunlly within his rcoob,' that ordinary or average human boing is gene-, rally a little overcome; Remember that in this case ambition had devoured nearly ail other passions, The man had had no youth none of tho delightful freaks, frodatnos and follies of youth could bo recorded of this young mau; tho unfortunate Robert hud novor kissed a girl to his subsequent confusion ; nor scoured tho streets ; nor paiatcd Wapping rod ;' nor passed his midnights, ovor. cups ; lie ' had worked and traincd himsclf for . this end and nono qthogv He would have beon moro thnn hnman had ha shown no sense of the crisis or juncture of ovonts. " Whilo ho sat thoro, head in hand, Isabol. stole in Softly like a ghost, and stood'hosfdo liis chair. I mado as if I would go, but sho) motionod mo to stay. By the two rod spots in hoc ohcoks I was mado aware that something decisive would be said. Ho seemod not to observe her presenoe. - Sho touched his shoulder. " Robert ! " "Isabol!" ho started, and ut up, with a quiok frown of irritation. " I bave oomo to congratulate, you, Robert," sho said, timidly. . " Yes, thank you, Isabol. Think you. Don't say any more," "When the goneral election is over yofi will hare done what you proposed to do, I suppooc. I thought if would be years first. Your am bition, I mean, will be nohicvod." . "Achieved? Why, Isabel, you understand nothing. That is only a beginning." " Oh I Only a beginning !" Sho looked rather bewildered. "Why, what else' should it bo? No one would want to bo 'a member of PurHamoht'ohly for the pride of it, I suppose." . ' "Oh 1. 1 thought — ; "Look here, Isabel, I'm glad' ypu camo in. After the'liftle misunderstanding of yesterday it's as well to have a talk. You won't) mind George ; . lie knows all about it. Sit down thore." Suoh was tho improvomont in his manners that ho aotunlly got up and placed, a ob'alr for bor. Ab for me,' I rotired to tho scat In tho vfindow, not proposing to. Interrupt the conversation. ', "I will just toll you exaatly what is tho meaning of the situation,. I have fold no. one- no ono oxocpt George, so far. I didn't tell you beoauseyou wouldn't understand, It isn't in your way to see. You've changed n bit siuco you took to going about with Goorgo" — there was not a touoh of jealousy in his mind — "straightened yourself, and filled out nnd im proved so, that I hardly know you any more. You'ro bigger than you wore, Isabol— I like a worn a to look strong— but still I don't think you caii quito understand." " I should bo glad to hear all your proposals, Robert." . "I am astonished now to think of it, how I dared ia my inexperience and ignorancu to form such an ambition. - If I bad known, six months ago, what, the thing mcuat, I should have beon afraid. " "No," said Isabol, "nothing would over mako you afraid," "You think so, Isabel? Perhaps. In agencrai way I am not a coward." "I suppose you want to do something great in tho House of Commons?" "Put it that way if you please. I will give you detaile and particulars." Isubcl sat facing him. There was no look of passfon or admiration on his face. Tlio hungry look had loft his oyes, whioh wore now filled with the cagorncss of tho coming struggle. There was nothing te fear from him. Indeed, at suoh a momont as this it is not of Iovo that a man ean be expeotod to think. Ho may most lawfully and laudably think of nothing but him- . solf, ovon before Ellon of Troy horsclf. But I thought, looking nt the two ot them, what a trango pair . of lovers. 'The man who had novor said a kind word :' tho girl who looked forward to her marriage with terror ! "Now, Isabel," ho said. "I will tell you. I am going to enter the House as a plain Master Craftsman, not a gentleman, except that I knew their tricks ar.d phrase::— I sh?!! >" > man experienced in industrial questions and in overything concerned with work practical nod theoretical. Tboy want such a man badly. I am going in as an Independent Member, liko John Bright. When! have mado my mark in the House and am a powor in it, as John Bright was, I shall perhaps join a party in order to enter tho Cabinet. And not till then. And perhaps not at all. As for being one of tho rank and file, saying what ono is told to say, put up to defend the incompetence and the blundering of the commanders, calling the Irish mombers, for instance, nil the names under the sun one day, aud all tlio opposite names the next day, just to catch votes — to bo ovorything and all things fur votes — votes — moro votes — I won't do it. That kind of work will not do for mo." "Well?" Either Isabel did not undorstand the point, or else it had no interest for her. Sho looked unconcerned and spoko coldly. "I told George at the outset, I called upon him on purpose to tell him when bp was a strangor. And bo fell in with it as soon its ho saw that I moanc business. At the first go olf ho thought I was a conceited windbag — one of the ignorant lot turned out by ciory local Par liament. I could seo very well what ho thought. When he saw that I was a determined kind of ohap he fell in with it, I say, aad holpcd mo all ho oould." . "Yes?" Isabel showed no manner of interest in this revelation of political ambition. "And thought about this nnd about that thing wanted. Oh, tho essentials of tho tiling wero all right — tho knowledgo and tho appear ance and the lower of speech. But thore was ono' thing wanting. I hail novor thougtit of such nn omission, and without him I could nover have repaired that omission. I'm not ashamed to say, not as things have gouo, that what I wanted was manners." - " Mannors !" cried Isabol, showing, interest nt this point. "You'to want manners?" "Just what! said myself. But George was right. There's ni thousand little ways iu wlucb tho fellows at tha West End aro diifd'rent from us. Thoy ato. mostly .tricks invented to show that thoy nro a superior race. I'vo learned tliese tricks, and now, I believe, I can pretend to bo a gontloman." " You wore never anything else." " There are gentlemen and gentlemen, IsnboL Have you noticed any ohango.in me?" ""Well, Robort," she repliod, timidly, "I havo thought that you wore gentler;" "Of course;' Oue 6f the things is to repress yoursolf and protend not to care. That's what you call being gentle.'' " Oh ! But to learn manners ! " said Isabel. " I would do a greiit deal more than that for thesako of getting on. Woll, now you know what wo did when I wont awav with Gcoren every evening." " And whon you get on in tho. House?" sho returned, to the main point. "I. say. 'that whon I have mndo my. mark I may take' office. But I don't know quite what I shall do. It may bo best to stay' outside." "Best, you mean, for your power or for your reputation?" V For both," "Rower iB what you desire more thau any- thing else in tho world, Robert. Yon lravo always desirod it." " Always. Thoro is nothing in tho world worth having compared with power, Isabel. I want to' be a loader — nothing loss than thnt. Those aro my ambitious. I understand now how it mast seem to other people a wild and presumptuous dream for a man in my position. I don't euro a straw what it suems. I realize how great n thing it is, and I am just all the moro oonfirmcd in my resolution." " And when you nro a loader ?" ' It was quite impossible to mako Isabol understand tho audacity of this ambition. Sho thought that Robort would simply stand upon tho floor of tho Honso of Commons in order to receive tho distinctions that would bo showered upon liirn ; that everybody would immediately begin to olfor him posts of honor, bocnuse he war so strong and masterful a man. " AVuil, one thing, Isabel, as soon as I am in tho Cabinet — say Homo Sccreiary — my first ambition will bo aehiovcu. Thon as rogai ds u ocrtnin promise " "How long," shs interrupted, quickly, "do you think it will tako boforo you arrive so far?" " No ono can say. A party gets turned qut or keeps in. At tho quickest titn'o possible for a now man to work his way and bo-rocognisod, and put over the heads of other nioiij one' can't yofy well expect such subcess'iu lass than fivo ysars." It can only bO' dono in five yciirs," I inter posed for tlio first timo, " under 'the most fdvpr- ablo oirnums'.aucos possible— if tlio present Government got returned again, if it stays in fivo years, if you moot -with immediate success, if vacancies ooour among tho chiefs, if you- are ablo to sorvo in somo subordinate capacity. It' I woro you, Robort, I should say 10 years." " Or 10 year's," ho repliod, cheerfully. ''-"A year or two is ucitlicr here nor thoro if a man is advnnoing all tho time." - "And a woman in waiting, " I added. "Ton yqarp," said Isabel.., " But ybur'.sido may get turned out." ' "Thoy may. Then it might bo longer,) Or oourso if a man hccomcs a lower in the Housa he hocomes atsq a power iu the country., liis influonco may go ou increasing." '.'Ten yonis. .That is a very long. timo. .There will be many ohangos in .ton years." " Chances ? I daresay— I daresay.' I li'opo so. I shall mako spme ohangfs nyseif, " " Changes in your own mind, Robert ?" Ho saw what sho . meant. "I tiiiulc not, Isabol. A promise is a promise. When niy word is passed tho thing is as good an done." , (To be continued. J ' 