CITY or MELBOUBNE BAKE. An examination of the directors of the City of Melbourne Bank (in liquidation) was begun on Monday before Jndge Moiesaorth at the instance of the tionidator. The hint ; was given by Mr. J. C. Stewart, who appeared | for Mr. Jenkin CoIJier, that the proceedings should be pnvate, bat Mr. Loader, chairman ' of the directors, the first witness, did not ! object to publicity, and his examination was : proceeded with in op-n court, lb; Johnston : (cooDSel for the liquidator) took lb. Loader | through the statements made in the liquidator's report asking far explanations. ! Upon some matters . of detail, he was. ! not able to give . exact ■ information. ; It transpired in connection with the B. J. • Fink account that the property which the I " General Assets Company * went through the form of "buying" horn flat financier, in onhr to apply the. "purchase money". (£100,000) to the reduction of his debt to the bank, consisted in part of shares which alterwards proved valueless (besides in volving calls)- and- of mortgaged1 city pro-' perty, winch was afterwards seized by the mortgagee. The "company" consisted of officers of the bank, nominated by the bank. In answer to some of Mr. Johnston's ques tions about the proceedings of the company, Mr. Loader couldonlyanswer,"Idon't know." The bank, it seemed, wished to avoid having to prove on Fink's insolvent estate; and .the association was formed to provide for his account in another way. Here is a passage from the examination ot lb. Loader by Mr, Johnston:— The General Assets Company was simply a ghost of Fink, I suppose '—Another name For Fink. In September, Fink called a meeting of his. creditors and asked them to accept £d. in the £1, and the representatives of your bank agreed to it ?—I am not aware of it. After that you got a hit of an awakener from London, did yon not?—I am not aware. Didn't you get a telegram from London to this effect '" Are yon involved in the failure of Fink. To what extent f—This is the first time, to my recollection, I have seen or heard of that document. Do yon mean to say it wonld be kept back from yon ?—I make no suggestion of that sort. This is the original cypher message:— " FetniBh " — that's a significant word — (laughter)—" Fink, Evaporate" — another good word—(laughter)—"Sipping Table? — I have no recollectidn of iU Did yon know that a telegram was sent to London oq the subject of Fink ?—No. We have ascertained that a telegram was sent to London, as follows:—"'Overdraft and discounts, £57,000,*' After what you have said about the Genera] Assets Company being another name for FSnk that is a he J— I don't think so. I am not responsible for it Is it true ?—The proper amonnt was greater. ' It was greater by £100,000?—If you take the General Assets Company as a Uxbinty -ot Fink's it was. _ Tuesday's and Wednesday's examinations consisted to a large extent of Mr.' Johnston a putting questions conveying surprising infor mation, > and Mr. Loaders either, adding nothing by Way of explanationor Stating that the facts were not within his knowledge. He appearpd)to|wi8h the Court tonnderstend that the buying of the bank's share*.- and the placing of them in the namea of bans clerks. though the transfers were as sented to by the board, was purely a managerial speculation- When asked how the hank came to cable,'In -answer to a London inquiry, that no larger aum than £170,000 was owing to it by any one person; Mr. Loader, while not defending the message as snbatantially trne, said that it was J' literally " accurate. Thooghthert were companies and fimis-whoawed such amounts as £400,000, £290,000, &c..; the liabilities in the -hooks to,various debit*.' Mr. . when preased to say -whether >be answer given was substantially true, replied that w ( was hot *uch a one *e herajgntbave , himself j this btie was not hf * his send* diairman «{ closed on March 12, after ah fanrogs I honn. Mr. Loeuler was himself a debtfrh^ the b*nk for adyanoes. Cells .due «# #IJ rooprve was inflated by adding to it £55,916, mprdue interest on doubtful accounts. Mr. T oader could not explain -the principle- on which this was done, not claiming to be an ' Mr!" James Williamson, director, was ovamined on Friday, March 13. His over draft in 1891 amounted to £6,000, and bad been standing for some years. t The security he originally gave wns his life policy (on which the bank bad to pov up £5,00 arrears of premiums), and afterwards he added at the demand of the manager his brother's guaran tee The amount of the policy iB £2,000, but its value has grown by premiums to £3,800. His calls after reconstruction were paid by cheque, debited to his account. When the bank closed he was indebted to it £8,422. jlr. Williamson was questioned as to bis views of the bank's policy in dealing with heavy accounts, but he had none to describe. I He said tnat if a director was not allowed to j obtain advances for himself it would not be worth his while to sit on the board.. When Mr. Lloyd Roberts, another director, wbb called for examination Mr. Roberts (of Herald and Roberts) objected to these exami nations being held in public, and cited cases jn which it had been ruled that the inquiry was not a public proceeding. Judge Molesworth declined to sit in private so long as the liquidator desired thai the in quiry should be public. Mr. Lloyd Roberts, in reply to the judge, said that he had no objection to the evidence being reported, and the inquiry proceeded. Tiiere was nothing Special in his evidence so far as it went, save that he said that he saw the .bank. was. getting into deep water, and spoke about it, but there was no action he could--have taken that would not have made matters worse. 