FEBRUARY MAGAZINES. FIRST NOTICE. As might naturally be expeoted, the February magazines are full of bellicose politics. Ger many, Armenia, Vanezuele, South . Africa and Japan all attract attention, the first artiole in the Fortnightly being an anonymous sontribu- tion under tha. title of A Lesson in German. The writer gives a risuuvi of German diplo- msoy .sinoe the Crimean war. and concludes from it tbat the reoent despatch of tlie Emperor to Preeldont Kruger should have eurprlsed no Intelligent Englishman. The deceitful oonduct of Germany towards France, Austria, England,' Russia aad Italy is handled without gloves, and tha eonolusion is drawn that far from tbe Triple Alliance being a power making for the peace of Europe, it is moroly a machine to aseiet tho- digestion of Germany In her policy of aggrandisation. Russia, it le argued, ia tha country with whioh England ought to oenolude a lasting pesos, and an alliance with Germany ought to be especially avoided, beoauta it would givo deadly ofleooe to Russia and aggravate tha hostile, feelings of tha Frenob. England has already been cajoled into oeding Heligoland and large tracts in Africa to Germany, end in the future she should guard oarefully against any allianoe with her. The Two Eastern. Questions are also diaousssd anonymously. Tho writer declares that the mul tiple control of the nearer eastern question has accomplished nothing ; it has neither proourcd tho pesoe of Europe nor tlie integrity of Turkey nor improved the. government of the Sublime Port. T.nrd ftslishnry now dsclsrrs that thare ie no ohenoe of breaking away from this paralysing eonoert. This writer also believes that England ought to throw In her lot with Russia, and thinks that the former power made a great mietake when she declined to accept Russia's invitation to join in nn inter vention to keep Japan off the Astatic mainland. At the same time, so far from taking sides with Japan and thus winning hor friendship in sub stitution for that of China, Great Britain ad vised hor to yield to Russia. The Rev. Win. Gresweil in the Germans in South Afrioa gives on historical risumi of the different settlements of Germans there- sines the German Legion, after the Crimeun war, wore taken out aud. settled at the expense of Cape Colony on her territory. The rev. gentleman, In spite of hie olerlcel training, is full of fight, and would give short shrift to any Germans interfering with British interests or poaching on thoir pre serves in South Afrioa. Mr. William Archer, the well known dramatic . oritie, gives some details about George Honry Lowes and his oon neotion with tbe stage, whioh will probably surprise moBt people who only know him ss a philosopher and tbe lover of George Eliot. Lewes was the grandson of Charles Leo Lewes, the original young Marlow in She Stoops to Conquer, and Fag in The Rivals. In 1849 ho appeared at Manchester as Shy look, and seems to hava sdorod a moderate suooese. Barry Sul livan, however, describas him as a " poor weak creature," and although ha appeared at other times and ln other . pleees, lis soon found that aoting was not his metier. Mr. B H. Tbwaito, C.B., in Yenozuola and Great Britain, goos over muoh of the already woll trodden ground as to tlio history of the Vonezuslan boundary. He montions two interesting facts whioh aro not goncrally known. Charles II. sold the Surinam . sottloinont to Lord 'Wilioughby and subsequently tho British Government repurchased tho torritory, and nt tlio pcaca of Breda offered it to tho Dutoh in exchange for Now Holland, in North America, This offor.was accepted, and thus it was that New Holland, known to-day as New York State, oamo Into tho possession of tho British. Ho also mentions that tho British agent in 1837 suggo-tod to Venezuela that tho Venezuelan Government should ercat a Ilglithouso on Point Bnrimn. Ah this is- situated in the disputed territory tho Venezuelans naturally olaim that tho British acknowledged tho right of tho Kcpublio by that act. Mr. H. Whates, in annrtiololnthe aarnemagn- zine on Ghiaha and Its Pooplas, declares that the olimate is debllitatingto Europeans, whether In the forest interior or tin the coast, and that the auriferous and other resources of the oountry can only be turned to account by Englishmen at a heavy cost, not only of capital but of life and health. Judge O'Connor Morris warns the Salisbury Ministry against adopting nny land not for Ireland. similar to that proposed by Mr. Morley, which was to some extent approved by the Ooneervtttivee when in Opposition. 'He points out that that bill was faulty because it broke down tha.eystem introduced by Mr. Gladstone, and disregarded the precautions thoa taksn to proteot tho landlords. One strong argument whioh he urges against it is that tbe whole, or nearly the whole, of tbe . land of Ireland- would be transferred, through applications of tenants to forae sales. The cost of this would be not less than £200,000.000, and it is scarcely likely that tho British taxpayer would burden himsolf with this enormous sum. In Tha Gold Era in South Afrioa Mr. Basil Worsfoid givea somo interesting feats relating to the output of gold in th TranBveal. The Rand output, together with that of the lesser Sold in tho Transvaal, gave a total of about 2,530,000 oz. Iaat year, valued at £8,725,000. It is therefore no wonder thnt-the Boers are not left in quiet possession of this treasure. Mr. G. Arohdall Reld is responsible for Reflex Aotlon, Instinct aud Reason, a oliapter from a forthcoming book, The Present Evolution of Man. Mr. Reid dissents from all liis predeoeBBors aa to thie moat difficult subject. He lays down two premises as facts, on which he bases his arguments. Thcsu statements are (1) that ac quired psycbioal changes are never transmitted ; (2) that as regards these mental traits tho action of Natural Seleotlan has been to develop in higher animals an immense power of varying, of individually acquiring variation, whereby tho organism Is brought into complete harmony with it. complex environment. Arguing from those promisee he discriminates between inetinot and reason, defining inetinot ou "the faculty whioh is concerned in the conscious adaption of means to ends by virtue of inborn inherited knowledge and ways af thinking and noting, " and reason as " the faoulty whioh is concerned in the conscious adaption of mean to ends by virtue of acquired non-Inherited knowledge end ways of thinking and aoting." As Mr. Reid Is at varianoe in hie definitions with' all other writers on this snljjeot.it is likely that his forth coming book will prove another applo of discord in the soientifio world.' ' There is a translation of an artiolo by a young Turkish staff officer in the household of tlio Sultan, whioh ia of interest aa showing what Turkish opinion ia as to the present position of the Forte. He thinks that the Armeninn trouble has been atirrcd up by Russien influences, end that tho European attention paid to the Armenians has caused jealousy among the other nationalities suggest ing to tbem to . revolt. He declares that the present Sultan is a usurper, and that there ia . a wide gulf between him and hie subjoots. In Lancashire and tho Cotton Duties Mr. William Tattersall sums up the caee of the Lancashire cotton apinnera against India; and argues that they have a right to insist that Indie shall not impose import duties, even though they ho neeessary for revsnus purposes. Of course if, India is to be managed aud 'taxed for the benefit of Lancashire and not for her own good, protective duties are an outrage, but few impartial and disinterested people will coutend that a nation is bound to injure its industries and revenues in order to placate the voters of Lauoashire. Mr. Edward Dicey, O.B., in The Isolation of Eng land, passes in review one after another all th nations of Europe, and show's that the only oountry inspired with friendly feelings towards hor Is Italy. Tho reason of this snimosity is that "there is not a single important Conti nental State whioh la hot in one way or another frustrated in her ambitions, outraged In her vanity and injured in her interests by tha mag nitude, wealth and power of tho British Empire." In the Contemporary Mr. Frederick Green wood takes up th samo story, and in the Ques tion of Alliances declares that he remeiai firm in tho opinion that the, German- Austrian- Italian alliance ie the only possible safeguard for England. As an illustration of thie he asks whether, if England had beon on good terma with Germany, Japan would have been forced 'into a combination agsirfst England, the pre sent crisis at Constautinopio would have oc- ourrod, or the Boer tronbls and the Imperial telegram been possible ? Mr. A. E. Evans oontributcs a very readable artiole upoa Gormauy under the Empire, oom- paring tha eooial condition of things now. with what thoy were 25 years ego. Then, although Germany had juat beaten Franoe, the Germans still looked up to the Frenoh. Then tho officers of th Imperial Guard taken prisoners and sent to Leipzig were futod and admired by the German citizens, nmongst.wiiom. thoy maintained an air of easy and patronising superiority. They gavo performances nt tlie theatre, to whioh tlio , delighted Germans flocked, nnd cvon fsnecd in with a ropo a portion of the ico on tho lake for their own skating, putting up a notice, "No Germans admitted." Nowadays, however, nothing but German 1b wanted, and tlioy liovo gone so far as to expunge Frenoh words in aommon use from thoir vocabulary, as for exampid " billot " for a- railway . ticket, whioh has had to giro way to " falir knrto." A num- bor of amusing anccdoteB about the power of the poliae are also given. , At Bonn a party of friends were chatting nt a restaurant whon one happonod to say, "What a fool that Kaiser is." A policeman was at onco called in by nn eaves dropper and the culprit given into custody. Then it camo out that tbe remark referred not to tho omperor but to a friend of that name. But evan after- this explanation lib was taken to tho polioo station, and had soma difficulty In obtaining his release. Another man was notually put on his trial booause he liad - estimated the valuo of n plaster enst of the empress as worth not' more than a shilling, and it was only when .tho inferiority of tho bust was proved at the trial fbat ha was aequitted. Mr. Demetrius C.- Boulger delivers a furious phiRppio against tho use of antitoxin as a cure for diphtheria. Ho declares that not only does it fail to euro, hut that in his own ca9Q its use caused very serious after effects, among thom' being a disease, aoaordlng to him, similar to glanders in a horse, nnd whioh ho thinks cams from tho horso whoso sorum wos used having liad glanders 1 Many similar wild statements are mads, but soitio statistics as to tlie mefflcacy of tlio alleged euro aro more worthy of oonsideration. An Ex-Diplomat, in The Part ing of tho Ways, narrates tlio circnniBtaticcs in regard to tlio German settlement nt Angra Fequcnn, and mokes out a inost soriotis indiot- ment of incompetency and negligence against tho British Foreign Office, which is of consider able intorostin view of the tales of Gorman aggression In South Africa. Mr. Barnard Shaw, in ' Socialism for Millionaires, squanders, a vast amount of undeserved pity upon millionaires. It seomd, according to this writor, that millionaires nre so few that no olass of tradesmen lay themselves out to espeoially please thom, and that tbe enjoyment whioh they obtain from their money do.es not increase as rapidly in proportion to tho increase in their incomes aa happens in tho oase of poor people. Tiiay are forced also to either give thoir money in obarity or to thoir children, tho latter being in Mr. Shaw's opinion a spooies of almsgiving. Indeed one lays down Mr. Show's artiolo with the firm oon'viotion that a million- alro must neoessarily boa tnoHb misorablo crea ture, and no logical pereon will, after a perusal of this ourious delivorancb, even desire to obtain inordiuato riohos. Mr. Mallook proseB along in a somewhat somnolent fashion in Physios and Sociology, metaphorically. sticking pins into John Stuart Mill and Herbert Spencer ibstead' of belaboring them with a good stout blackthorn. Mr, Herbert Spencer, regardless of the attack, contributes another ohnpter of his Professional Institutions, on . the presoht occasion dis cussing tho origin niid position' of the soulptor. Making , a carved or modolled figure of a dead man is an early out come of ghost worship, and t|iorcforo tho priest is either the soulptor himself' or tho director of the oxeoutant. It is only attorn long evolution that sculpture losos its religious character. Canon Driver, in Soeptios of the Old Tostament, discusses in a fashion miles.'. above tho head of tho ordinary reader t(io mette, toxt and philo sophy of those primitive I'.'-gentlemon, Job, Kolieloth and Agur; and Mr. W. H. Hudson dilates upon the threadbare dsnfiject of Selbg.rne and Gilbert White. . . "7. 