BRIAGOLONG. (FROM OUR OWN COntRRSPONDENT. 29th July. a We heartily echo what you say in reference to Mr A. 'Loan. We do not know how to adrquntely express b our gratitude for hIls devotion to theo P task of implanting our sugar beet in. a' dustry. The hest way is to help man- ru fully and with all our might to float the only plank likely to savo us from no sinking. I repeat: tIhe brot sugar \I industry is yet the solo ray of hope in a Ihogloomy, and I fear, still intensify. 3t ing depression. A little rise may occur in cattle, but only temporary, 0( unless the plague extends towards us, in which case it would spell nu?N. With to all our eggs in the same basket our at ruin would be complete. A variety of yr industries is indispensable. I much cc regret the want of wisdom of our br abolitionists in openly aiming at the destruction of industry racy of tie pl soil, such as wine and cider. 'The first o employs hern already over 15,000 Ii people, the cider is indispensable to or the success of our fruitculture. Neither T vine nor fruit can pay if the waste on bI our vineyard and orchards keeps going ot on at the preseut rate. Not only is 4 the right to dispose of the produce of it orchards and vineyards indispensable, p but our mode of raising revenue must co be before long radically altered to free It our industries from the vampires that la keep them prostrate. We oneed every industry racy of the soil such as to. Iacco, sugar, flax, oil, wine, cider, etc. D We have not got the ghost of a show el to compete with Germany, England, oi France, in arts and skilled industries. In The prejudice against local wine and cider has proved a deplorable craze ; to has impoverished our working classes beyond conception. Temperance drinks Iave sen0 arway our money for sugar, still imported, without provid ing means to replenish our pockets. T Immense quantities are consumed without benefit to our healrl and pocklets. In the Argenti.e Republic 10.000,000 acres are under vines, and the produce all consumed there; while IE here, our vignerons cannot eoven dispose of tihe pruduco of a paltry 30,000 acres p of vines. They have to look to export to foreign markets, difficult of access. They ask to be helped by a bonus, and b even this bonus of 3d per gallon in opposed by blind zealots who have not f got a ha'porth of employment to offer. They want the destruction of the in- d dustry without any source of employ- ti ment to take its place. VWhat. would " be the result could be seen by a one eyed turkey. Employment -i glettirng t daily scarcer, and market for farm I, product more unsteady and unrealiable. o The farmer does not know what to do b to utilise his land with profit, and thie 11 pastoralist may soon find itself in a similar fix. Our large landholders show intelligent perception of thlrr future by cutting up their estates into small farms. This alone will save a them from impending collapse. Our 8 MIaffra friends will du well to keep in t view the fact that property about lMaffra will soon'double, and triple its 1 value once beet sugar works are estab- t lished. No such opportunity over offered at Maffra to invest all we can n in shares, and plant as many acres of a beet we are capable, oven if the pro- u ceeds were to be swallowed by the cost of production. The employrment given will enable lots of people to buy what they now cannot afford to buy, croat. ilg a hetter demand for our products. One thing I uut point to inE respect a to future tenders for the buildings, t etc. We should sec the contractors I are local mauo, or at the least employ local omen, men with a live interest in the concern, not merely grabbers of our cash. Every man on ployed on the works should be shareholdcrs; it is i only fair to those who provide the I calls. If we are loft without help 1 frorm our neighbours from Sale, Srraot ford, and 3airnsdale, we need all the resources we shall create to meoet our lia?rilities. It would be suicidal to share the plumrs with contractors and non-contractors alike. Another thing i we should see to is that our tfores should be kept by local men who takea an active interest in our aflfairs, intend of all round grabbing monopolietn, ucero catapaw of largo foreign firms with three or four hundred retail shops all over the country, eager to sell us their wares (everything from a pin to an anchor) but never buying any from us beyond a bag of potatoes, a lb. of fruit and their daily loaf. .Bankrupt goods and shoddy are killing our honest tradesmen, who should be patrotiisod in preference to foreign firms who take all our cash and return none. Our IBachelors' ball last Friday woeas a great success and a credit to the settlomctnt,' 