ENC YCLIGAL LETT KB OF POPE LEO. XIII. ON THE UNITY OF THE CHURCH. A — authorised translation. To our Venerable Brethren the Patri arch's. Primates, Bishops, and other Ordinaries in Peace and Communion with the Apostolic See. LEO. XIII. the kind op unity in faith com manded by Christ — continued. This the wisdom of God requires; for He could not have willed that the faith should be one if He did not provide means sufficient for the preservation of this unity: and tins Holy Writ clearly sets forth, as Ave shall presently point out. Assuredly the infinite power of God is not bound by anything : all things obey it as so many passive instruments. In regard to this external principle, therefore, Aye must inquire Avhich one of all the means in His poAver Christ did actually adopt. For this purpose it is necessary to recall in thought the institution of Christianity. the magisterium (or teaching au thority op the church to be per petual. 8\. We are mindful only of Avliat is wit- nessed to by Holy Writ and Avliat is otlier- Avise Avell knoAvn. Christ proves His OAyn Divinity and the Divine origin of His mis sion by miracles; He teaches the multi tudes heavenly doctrine by Avord of mouth ; and He absolutely commands that the assent of faith should be given to His teaching, promising eternal reAvards to those Avlio believe, and eternal punishment to those Avho do not. " If I do not the Avorks of My Father, believe Me not." " If I had not done among them the Avorks that no other man had done, they would not have sin." " But if I do the works, though you will not believe Me, believe the Avorks." Whatsoever He commands, He commands by the same authority. He requires the assent of the mind to all truths Avithout exception. It was thus the duty of all Avho heard Jesus Christ, if they Avished for eternal salvation, not merely to accept His doctrine as a whole, but to assent with their entire mind to all and every point of it, since it is unlaAvful to Avithhold faith from God even in regard to one single point.. When about to ascend into Heaven He sends His Apostles in virtue of the same power by Avhich He had been sent from the Father : and He charges them to spread abroad and propa gate His teaching. " All power is given to Me in Heaven and in earth. Going, there fore, teach all nations . . . teaching them to observe all things Avliatsoever I have commanded you." So that those obeying the Apostles might be saved, and those disobeying should perish. " He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be con demned." But since it is obviously most in harmony with God's providence that no one should have confided to him a great and important mission unless he Avere furnished Avith the means of properly carrying it out, for this reason Christ promised that He Avould send the Spirit of Truth to His Disciples, to remain Avith them for ever. " But if I go I Avill send Him the Paraclete to you. . . . But when He, the Spirit of Truth is come, He will teach you all truth." " And I Avill ask the Father, and He shall give you another Paraclete, that He may abide with you for ever, the Spirit of Truth." " He shall giA'e testimony of Me, and you shall give testimony." Hence He commands that the teaching of the Apostles should be re ligiously accepted and piously kept as if it Avere his own — " He Avho hears you hears Me : he who despises you despises Me." Wherefore the Apostles are ambassadors of Christ as He is the ambassador of the Father. " As the Father sent Me, so also I send you." Hence, as the Apostles and Disciples Avere bound to obey Christ, so also those Avliom the Apostles taught Avere, by God's command, bound to obey them. And, therefore, it Avas no more alloAvable to repudiate one iota of the Apostles' teaching than it Avas to reject any point of the doctrine of Christ Himself. Truly the voice of the Apostles, when the Holy Ghost had come doivn upon them, resounded throughout the Avorld. Wherever they Avent they proclaimed themselves the ambassadors of Christ Himself. " By Avliom Jesus Christ Ave have received grace and Apostloship for obedience to the faith in all nations for His name." And God makes knoAvn their Divine mission by numerous miracles. " But they going forth preached everyAvhere : the Lord Avorking Avithal, and confirming the Avord Avith signs that fol- loAved." But Avliat is this Avord ? That Avhich comprehends all things, that Avhich they had learnt from their Master ; because they openly and publicly declare that they cannot help speaking of what they had seen and heard. But, as aare have already said, the Apostolic mission Avas not destined to die Avith the Apostles them selves, or to come to an end in the course of time, since it Avas intended for the people at large, and instituted for the salvation of the human race. For Christ commanded His Apostles to preach the " Gospel to every creature, to carry His name to nations and kings, and to be Avltnesscs to Him to the ends of the earth." He further promised to assist them in the fulfilment of their high mission, and that, not for a few years or centimes only, but for all time- — " even to the consummation of the world." Upon Avhich St. Jerome says : " He Who promises to remain with His Disciples to the end of the Avorld declares that they Avill be for ever vic torious, and that he Avill never depart from those Ai'ho believe in Him " (In Matt. lib. IV., cap. 28, v. 20). But hoiv could all this be realised in the Apostles alone, placed as they Avere under the universal laAv of dis solution by death P It Avas consequently provided by God that the Magisterium instituted by Jesus Christ should not end Avith the life of the Apostles, but that it should be perpetuated. We see it in truth propagated and, as it were, delivered from hand to hand. For the Apostles consec rated Bishops, and each one appointed those Avho Avere to succeed them immediately in the ministry of the Avorld. Nay more : they likeAvise required their successors to choose fitting men, to endoAV them with like auth ority, and to confide to them the office and mission of teaching. " Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace which is in Christ Jesus : and the tilings ivhich thou hast heard of me by many Avitnesses, the same command to faithful men, who shall be fit to teach others also." Wherefore, as Christ Avas sent by God and the Apostles by Christ, so the Bishops and those Avho succeeded them Avere sent by tbe Apostles. "The Apostles were appointed by Christ to preach the Gospel to us. Jesus Christ Avas sent by God. Christ is therefore from God, and the Apostles from Christ, and both according to the Avill of God. . . . Preaching, therefore, the Avord through the countries and cities, Avhen they had proved in the Spirit the first-fruits of their teaching, they appointed Bishops and dea cons for the Faithful. . . . They ap pointed them and then ordained them, so that ivlien they themselves had passed away other tried men should carry on their ministry," (St. Clemens Bom. Epist. I., ad Corinth, capp. 42, 44). On the one hand, therefore, it is necessray that the mission of teaching Avhatever Christ had taught should remain perpetual and immutable, and on the other that the duty of accept ing and professing all their doctrine should likeAvise be perpetual and immutable. " Our Lord Jesus Christ, Avhen in His Gospel He testifies that those who are not Avith Him are His enemies, does not designate any special form of heresy, but declares that all heretics ivlio are not with Him and do not gather Avith Him, scatter His flock and are His adversaries : He that is not Avith me scattereth" (St. Cyprianus, Bp. ixix., ad Magnum, n. i). every revealed truth, avithout excep tion, must be accepted. 9\. The Church, founded on those principles and mindful of her office, has done nothing ivith greater zeal and endeavour than she has displayed in guarding the integrity of the Faith. Hence, she regarded as rebels and expelled from the ranks of her children all Avho held beliefs on any point of doctrine different from her own. The Avians, the Montanists, the Novatians, the Quarto- decimans, the Eutycliians, did not certainly reject all Catholic doctrine ; they abandoned only a certain portion of it. Still, Avho does not knoAv that they Avere declared heretics and banished from the bosom of the Church ? In like manner Avere condemned all authors of heretical tenets avIio fol- loAved them in subsequent ages. "There can be nothing- more dangerous than those heretics Avho admit nearly the hole cycle of doctrine, and yet by one word, as Avith a drop of poison, infect the real and simple faith taught by Our Lord and handed doivn by Apostolic tradition " (Auctor Tract, da Fide Ortliodoxa contra Arianos). The practice of the Church has always been the same, as is sliOAvn by the unanimous teach ing of the Fathers, Avho ivere Avont to hold as outside Catholic communion, and alien to the Church, Avhoever Avould recede in the least degree from any point of doctrine pro posed by her authoritative Magisterium. Epiplianius, Augustine, Theodoret, dreAV up a long list of the heresies of their times. St. Augustine notes that other heresies may spring up, to a single one of Avhich, should anyone give his assent, he is by the very fact cut off from Catholic unity. " No one who merely disbelieves in all these heresies can for that reason regard himself as a Catholic or call himself one. For there may be or may arise some other heresies, Avhich are not set out in this work of ours, and if any one holds to one single one of these he is not a Catholic " (Sh Augustinus, JDe Haerieshus, n. 88). The need of this divinely instituted means for the preservation of unity, about which avo speak, is urged by St. Paul in his Epistle to the Epliesians. In this he first admon ishes them to preserve Avith every care concord of minds : " Solicitous to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." And as souls cannot bo perfectly united in charity unless minds agree in faith, he Avislies all to hold the same faith : " One Lord, one faith " — and this so perfectly one as to prevent all danger of error — "that henceforth Ave be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about Avith every Avind of doctrine by the Aviclcedness of men, by cunning craftiness, by which they lie in Avait to deceive and this, he teaches, is to be observed, not for a time only, " But until Ave all meet . in the unity of faith . . . unto the measure of the age of the fulness of Christ." But, in Avhatlias Christ placed the primary principle, and the means of preserving this unity ? In that " Ho gave some Apostles ; and other some pastors and doctors, for the perfecting of the Saints, for the Avork of the ministry, for the edify ing of the Body of Christ." Wherefore, from the very earliest times, the Fathers and Doctors of the Church have been accustomed to folloAv, and, Avith one accord, to defend, this rule. Origcn Avrites : " As often as the heretics allege the possession of the canonical Scriptures, to Avhich all Christians give unanimous assent, they seem to say : ' Behold, the Avord of truth is in the houses.' But we should believe them not, and abandon not the primary and ecclesiastical tradition. We should believe not otherivise than has been handed doAvn by the tradition of the Church of God" ( Vetus Interpretatio Commentariorum in Matt., n. 46). Irenseus, too, says: "The doctrine of the Apostles is the true faith . . . Avhich is knoAvn to us through the Episcopal succession . . . Avhich has reached even unto our age by the very fact that the Scriptures have been zealously guarded and fully interpreted " ( Contra Hcereses, lib. IV., cap. 33, n. 8). And Ter- tullian: "It is, therefore, clear that all doctrine which agrees Avith that of the Apostolic Churches — the matrices and original centres of the Faith — must be looked upon as the truth, holding, Avithout hesitation, that the Church received it from the Apostles, the Apostles from Christ, and Christ from God. . . .We are in com munion Avith the Apostolic Chm-ehes, and by the very fact that they agree amongst themselves Ave have a testimony of the truth " (Be Pro escrip., cap. xxxi.) And so Hilary: "Christ teaching from the ship signifies that those Avho are outside the Church can never grasp the Divine teach ing 5 for the ship typifies the Churoh Avhere the Avord of life is deposited and preached. Those Avho are outside are like sterile and ivorthless sand : they cannot comprehend " (Comment in Matt, xiii., n. 1). Eufinus praises Gregory of Nazianzum and Basil because they "studied the text of Holy Scripture alone, and took the interpretation of its meaning, not from their OAvn inner consciousness, but from the writings and on the authority of the ancients, avIio in their turn, as it is clear, took their rule for understanding the meaning from the Apostolic succession " (Hist. Eccl., lib. II., cap. 9). Wherefore, as appears from Avliat has been said, Christ instituted in the Church a living, authoritative, and perma nent Magisterium, Avhich by His oavu poAver He strengthened, by the Spirit of Truth He taught, and by miracles confirmed. He Avilled and ordered, under the gravest penalties, that its teachings should be received as if they Avere His OAvn. As often, therefore, as. it is declared on the authority of this teaching that this or that is con tained in the deposit of Divine revelation, it must be believed by everyone as true. If it could in any Avay be false, an evident contradiction folloAvs ; for then God Him self would be the author of error in man. " Lord, if we be in error, Ave are being deceived by Thee" (Bichardus de St. Victore, Be Trin., lib. I, cap. 2). In this Avise, all cause for doubting being re moved, can it be laivful for any one to reject any one of those truths, Avithout, by the very fact, falling into heresy ? — Avith out separating himself from the Church ? — Avithout repudiating in one SAveeping act the whole of Chritian teaching ? For such is the nature of faith that nothing can be more absurd than to accept some things and reject others. Faith, as the Church teaches, is "that supernatural virtue by Avhich, through the help of God and through the assistance of His grace, Ave believe that He has revealed to be true, not on account of the intrinsic truth per ceived by the natural light of reason, but because of the autlioi-ity of God Himself, the Bovealer, avIi# can neither deceive nor be deceived" (Cone. Vat., Sess. iii., cap. 3). If, then, it be certain that anything is re vealed by God and this is not believed, then nothing Avhatever is belieArcd by Divine faith : For Avliat the Apostle St. James judges to be the effect of a moral delinquency, the same is to be said of an erroneous opinion in the matter of faitli." " Whosoever shall offend in one point, is become guiity of all." Nay, it applies Avith greater force to an erroneous opinion. For it can be said with less truth that every law is violated by -one avIio commits a single sin, since it may be that lie only virtually despises the majesty of God the Legislator. But he Avho dissents oven in one point from divinely revealted truth absolutely rejects all faith, since he thereby refuses to honour God as the supremo truth and the formal motive of faith. " In many things they are "with me, in a feiv things not Avith me ; but in those feiv things in Avhich they are not Avith me, the many things in Avhich they are, Avill not profit tliem " (St. Augustinus in 'Psal. liv., n. 19). And this, indeed, most deservedly ; for they, avIio take from Christ.' a l doctrine Avhat they please, lean on their oavu judg ments, not on faith; and not "bringing into captivity every understanding unto the obedience of Christ," they more truly obey themselves than God. " You, avIio believe Avliat you like of the Gospels and believe not Avliat you like, believe your selves rather than the Gospel " (St. Augustinus, lib. XVII., Contra Faustum Manichaeum, cap. 3). For this reason the Fathers of the Vatican Council laid doAvn nothing neiv, but folloAved Divine roveala- tion and the aeknOAvledged and invariable teaching of the Church as to the very nature of faith, Avhen they decreed as fol- Ioavs : All those tiling are to be believed by Divine and Catholic faith Avhich are contained in the Avritten or unwritten Word of God, and Avhich are proposed by- Church as divinely revealed either by a solemn definition or in the exercise of its ordinary and universal Magisterium " Sess. III., cap. 3). Hence, as it is clear that God absolutely Avilled that there should be unity in His Church, and as it evident what kind of tinity He willed, and. by means of Avhat principle He ordained that this unity should be maintained, Ave may address the folloAving Avords of St. Augustine to all Avho have not deliberately closed their minds to the truth: "When we see the great help of God, such mani fest progress and such abundant fruit, shall Ave hesitate to take refuge in the bosom of that Church which, as is evident to all, possesses the supreme authority of the Apostolic See through the Episcopal succession ? In vain do herities rage round it; tliey are condemned partly by the judgment of the people themselves, partly by the weight of Councils, partly by the splendid evidence of miracles. To refuse to the Church the primacy is most impious and above measure arrogant. And if all learning, no matter Iioav easy and common it may be, in order to be fully understood requires a teacher . and master, Avliat can -be greater evidence of pride and rashness than to be unwilling to learn about the books of the Divine mysteries from the proper interpreter, and to Avishto condemn them unknown ?" (Be TJnitate Credendi, cap. xvii., n. 35). It is, then, undoubtedly the office of the Church to guard Christian doctrine and to propa gate it in its integrity and purity. But this is not all: the object for which the Church has been instituted is not wholly attained by the performance of this duty. For, since Jesus Christ delivered Himself up for the salvation of the human race, and. to this end directed all His teaching and commands, so He ordered the Church to striA'e, by the truth of its doctrine, to sanctify and to save mankind. But faith alone cannnot compass so great, excellent,, and important an end. There must needs be also the fitting and devout Avorsliip of God, Avhich is to be found chiefly in the- Divine Sacrifice and in the dispensation of the Sacraments, as ivell as salutary Iuavs and discipline. All these must be found in the Church, since it continues the mission of the Saviour tor ever. The Church alone offers to the human race that relig-ion — that state of absolute perfection — Avhich He Avished, as it were, to be incorporated, in it. And it alone supplies those means of salvation Avhich accord with the ordinary counsels of Providence. the church a divine society. 10\. But as this heavenly doctrine Avas- never left to the arbitrary judgment of private individuals, but, in the beginning- delivered by Jesus Christ, Avas aftei-Avards committed by Him exclusively to the Magisterium already named, so the power of performing and administering the Divine mysteries, together Avith the authority of ruling and governing, Avas not bestoAved by God on all Christians indiscriminately, but on certain chosen persons. For to the Apostles and their legitimate successors alone these aa-ords have reference : " Going into the Avhole Avorld, preach the Gospel. Baptising them. Do this in commemoration, of Me. Whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them." And in like manner He ordered the Apostles only and those avIio should laAvfully succeed them to feed — that is to govern Avitli authority — all Christian souls. Whence it also folloAvs that it is necessarily the duty of Christians to be subject and to obey. And these duties of the Apostolic office are, in general, all included in the Avords of St. Paul: "Let a man so account of us as of the ministers of Christ, and the dispensers of the mystei-ies of God." Wherefore Jesus Christ bade all men, present and future, MIoav Him as their leader and Saviour ; and this, not merely as individuals, but as forming a society, organised and united in mind. In this Avay a duly constituted society should exist, formed out of the divided multitude of peoples, one in faith, one in end, one in the participation of the means adapted to the attainment of the end, and one as subject to one and the same autho rity. To this end He established in the Church all those principles Avhiclx neces sarily tend to make organised human societies, and through Avhich they attain the perfection proper to each. That is, in it (the Church) all aa-ho Avished to be the sons of God by adoption might attain to the perfection demanded by their high calling, and might obtain salvation. The Church, therefore, as wo have said, is man's guide to Avliatover pertains to heaven. This is the office appointed unto it by Gcd: that it may Avatcli Over and may order all that concerns religion ; and may, Avithout let or hindrance, exorcise, according to its judgment, its charge over Christianity. Wherefore, they Avho pretend that the Church has any aa-ish to interfere in civil matters, or to infringe upon the rights of the State, knoiv it not, or Avickedly calum niate it. God, indeed, even made the Church a society far more perfect than any other. For the end for Avhich the Church exists is as much higher than the end of other societies as Divine grace is above nature, as immortal blessings are aboA-e the transitory things on the earth. (To ho continual . ) 