THE CRITIC. ? ♦ ? ?Who at uMUunted biro tbe Critic's nge ? Ot note unmoTei bis mention In the Orltlc's pigt ? Farade his errors to the public eye, And Mother Grandy's r»ge defy ?' It cost £80,810 16s 9d to build the new Sydney Hospital. . It takes a pantechnicon van to deliver the average up-to-date theatre hat. Rumoured that the Premier meditates taking a cycling tour during the recess. Victoria owns 406 head, of live stock to the square mile, as against 290 in New Zealand and 270 in New South Wales. Giddy little ad. from Monday's ' Even ing News ' : — ACOHFORTABLEHomcfer 1 or 2 Ladies ; can see friends. A.H,, Oxford-stree't P.O. Victoria has an average primary pro duction of £226 Is 4d per square mile compared with £87 11s 4d for New South Wales. The ' swagman ' is dying out. He's fast merging into the tramp hauling or pushing a little go-cart containing his earthly belongings. /During the week tlie Legislative Council has been occupied in the pleas ing duty of mutilating and emasculating the Factories and shops Bill. The fact that the Queen, a woman, is the first political paid agent in this coun try, is the strongest argument in favor of Woman Suffrage. — ' Reynolds.' If Corist came to Sydney ! If he did, under tho Premier's Colored Races Restriction Bill, he'd bo called upou to pay £100 poll tax, Apostles and all. The Premier always endeavours to raise the ' tone ' of the House. His very latest effort in this direction was to allude to Mr. See as a '? political insect.' One of the great unsolved questions of tho day. Is the caterer of Parliament to be Mr. Speaker's butler ? Reply care of Mr. Bavister, M.L.A., Parliament House. 'Abdul, the damned,' the assassin Sultan, still lives. Are there no men, but onty eunuchs, in Turkey, that this monster is still allowed to breathe the vital air ?—' Reynolds.' A noticeable nas'tiness which can be vouched for by several city J's.P. China men, when they have to 'kiss the book,' put out their tongues and lick the leaf open in front of their mouth. Ugh ! A Maitland paper coolly asserts that :— The Archbishop of York is dead. This is libellous, as from latest accounts his Lordship was in the best of health. Says an English paper : ' What a filthy place ot. George's Chapel, Windsor, must be when it has to be shut up five weeks every year for the 'annual cleaning.' The courtiers around the Queen must be a dirty tribe. Some of the most rabid of the French newspapers assert that, the recent dyna mite scare was worked up for all it was worth by the English police on purpose to frighten the Czar from prolonging his visit to Paris. The capital debt of the Water and Sewerage Board, Sydney, is £5,185,734, the revenue received last year was £254,301, which, after deducting working expenses, returned in interest 3.60 per cent on the capital. The women of France are 'presenting the Czarina of Russia with a superb golden cradle in anticipation of a certain ' event. Potts Point should suggest a similar offering to the Duchess of York from the women of Australia. ' A Yass report of a cycling run, quaintly, and may be suggestively con cludes with : — ' Tom Jonei showed off a splendid pair of calves to advantage. More anon.' If Tom takes Tbuth's advice, he won't show more anon. It is no wonder target markers get shot when we read this in a northern paper : — Firing at the Grafton range one day last week one of the riflemen hit a tree 40 yards to the right of the target. Needless to say, he wasn't picked to go to Sydney. Until the recent visit of the Czar of Russia not a single crowned head, with the single exception of the Shah of Persia, had been seen in the French capital for sis and twenty years. Hence the delirious enthusiasm of the welcome. -Inclement Wragge is in Yurrup. This accounts probably for various extra ordinary meteorological complications that have recently been reported from that , quarter, and may possibly have something to- do with the acute Eastern Question. . \- The1- common, or garden ass has evi dently met with his deserts at Wyalong. ' The ghost, whose nocturnal appearance in various parts of the town occasioned much .^excitement and great curiosity among a certain section of society, was successfully laid the other night. No sooner did the ''Rylstone Advo cate' print 'The End' to its. career, than a new vonturo was started in the 'Rylstone Express.' Considering the hardships of the provincial newspaper proprietor, it speaks well for the grit in the new staff. Good luck to them. Labor Party Mc'Gowan is harping on that string — a representative newspaper for the eighteen M's.L.A. who think they are the hub of the Government, but who are in reality a listless, lethargic, lot of lickspittles struug on a piece of Reid string. If Mac. wants an 'organ' to sound their cause, let him try a barrel half full of empty jam tins, and work it with a handle, on the hurdy-gurdy system. The 'Daily Telegraph' sneers at the idea of tlie children of the SUte Schools being taught useful trades. As a con sistent Freetrade organ the ' D.T.' knpws well enough that when those children grow up their trades would be of no use to them in this country. Dean Slattery's £60 wateh was made under an unlucky star. Two years ago lie was robbed of it, but recovered it through the pawnbroker. However, it vamoosed again on Monday when he was taking part in St. Joseph's R.C. Church picnic. The nicest o£ the nice people go to picnics. The Chandos buffet near Charing Cross has a specially high tariff for soldiers who are served there. The Jingoism of me British publican is a mere matter of ignorant shouting. When the British soldier comes along the British publican gives him a back seat, singing 'Rule Britania,' etc. The calf -lymph, used by the Govern ment for vaccination purposes, is pro cured fortnightly from an establishment in New Zealand. No lymph is cultivated in New South Wales. The Chief Medical Officer recommends the establishment of (a station at which calf lymph might be cultivated. Embalming corpses has been written up by a firm of Sydney undertakers. Any one with a superfluity of joyousness,- a desire to kick the cat. a feeling that the world is not large enough for his exuber ance of spirits, or other little airy idiosyn cracies, will find a marvellous remedy in a small dose of this creepy little pamph let. A correspondent sends us this and savs that it explains a tragedy in four words : — Bike Spike, Mike Dike. We don't wish to argue, but at the same time we ' give it up.' Surely the hand of tthe Lord is in it ! More indubitable proof of the timely nature of Mr. Justice Simpson's and Truth's remarks on tjie evils of solitary cpnfinement in our gadls was given in the dreadful suicide of another of its phrenzied victims in Goulburn Gaol during the week. Can the Government longer remain deaf and blind? The select- committee appointed to con sider the several schemes submitted for direct communication between the city and North Sydney, have condemned the proposal to construct a bridge and favor a tunnel, Not the '.tunnel scheme sub mitted by Mr. Sulman, but one more following the lines of a route proposed some lime back by officers of the Works ^pepartment. A real hero ! Just as the 'skurshun steamer rounded the Heads, outward bound, Jones, who always bragged he was a great traveller, was dreadful sick; whereon, Smith, who had never been out before, eondoled with him. Jones looked up with a wan smile and said : ' Pity you can't do this, . Smith, old pal. It 'ud do you the world of good. Lean ever and try.' The European eccentric Emperor, yclept Kaiser Billy, is said to have mas queraded in Paris, in order to see the reception of the Czar. Tbuth's opinion is that German William has too much sense and dignity to tackle such a risky escapade. Besides, had he been dis covered — that is allowing he was in evi dence in ' Par-ee ' — mad or not, he would hare soon been in-S«inc. A buned-in-the-back-blocks sheet ele vated itself on its hind legs last week and remarked: — 'They say that some people are foolish enough to try and BBIBE the editor of a newspaper. Well, it's true. Our first experience ocenred the other day. The man who fried it is now ' whipping pussy.' ' Great Caesar ! Fancy an editor of a country newspaper refusing a bribe. What is the world coming to F An innocent, but easily understood mixture : — ' At a wedding in a conntry district, the officiating minister asked how the name of one of 'tHe'witnesses was spelt, to which he received the reply, ' M'Hugh.' The minister then inquired how it was that the witness spelt Ms name that way, when his sister spelt her's ' M'Cue,' to which the witness re sponded, 'Please, sir, my sister and me didn't go to the same school.' ' Tecth eniovs the nattering distinc tion of being the only paper in the world which is prohibited from entering Trial Bay Prison. Prisoners are allowed to receive any number of papers from any number of countries, but ' that damnable rag, Tbcth ' is stopped every time. Yet no paper in this country is so much read in the gaols. A confinee who does not get his Truth regularly, is unfashionable and gets very discontented with his lot. Who shall say after this that the Archbishop of Canterbury is not dis tinguished for good works? A corres pondent begged his Grace to use his position in order to arouse the Church to the horrors of the massacres of Armenians. The answeiv returned by the good and great man was what might have been expected. He enclosed^a prayer of five lines ! You put a penny in the archiepiscopal slot and a prayer comes out. Tho officers of the Public Work's ; Department are drawing the Govern- . I ? — ? . ^ merit's attention to the necessity for ri legislative action on the subject of the 8\ regulation of the width of tyres of ;f vehicles carrying heavy loads upon the: i| country roads. Owing to the lax state ' 'm of the law in this respect, serious injury '; is being done to our roads in many parts ? I of the interior, and a very heavy expendi ture is entailed upon the department for the extra cost of maintenance thereby.' ?,'??' caused. ? - i Tho returns for 1895 show that 2,467 3! vaccinations were performed during the '?'??*? year, of which 2437 were successful. Of : the total number, 21 were performed in .' Sydney and its suburbs, and 2365~ in - country districts. It will be seen that - vaccination was performed in 20 country ; districts. In 90 districts in which there ' 2 are Government Vaccinators no vacoina- ? i tions have been reported, and it is pre- ' .- sumed that none have beeu performed. 4; Vaccination must be getting awfully % unpopular i Tho following clipping from a paper ?] in a well-known fruit district will be wel- . J-i come news to the Italian monopolists in 1 Sydney :— 'The fruit crops this season f| promise to be exceedingly heavy, and ..'-M growers in all parts assert that such a- ]}i show of bloom has not been seen for 'r' years.' The dirty dark and discourteous ?- Dagos who now bar the Australian from getting his fruit cheaply and in its : natural state (unpolished, and with the ') bloom on), should be ousted if even | only for health's sake. . | A bill to provide for the referendum in , '?-§ cases of bills passed by the Assembly in. | two consecutive sessions, and both oc- 'S casions rejected by the Council, or not ,? returned with or without amendment C; within four months, or, in case of dis« '/?- agreement as to amendment, not being ' returned by the Council within two V months, is to come on for second reading :: next Tuesday. McMillan breathes fire :', and fury over the proposal and much . j political gore is expected to be shed ,': during the discussion. It is hardly ' good form' for members 0' Parliament to go prowling round the^ ? purlieus of other member's electorate*''^ creating crime, with a view to making a sensational statement in the House on a subsequent occasion. Let them stick to their own electorates. Had Griffith, M.P., not sought for liquor on that' '. particular Sunday, he -would not have ; induced those eleven publicans to break the law by serving him. One thing - : seems tolerably certain : — He would not - have dared play the same pranks in his i -. own electorate of Waratah. ;;^ In an American breach of promise cass ?'* the lady admitted that the defendant 3f ' had never by word of mouth offered sfi her marriage, but her advocate urged '?'*$ that he had done so by .his kisses. The -|| judge ruled that this contention held M good, and laid it down as good law that 'fi ' the gleam of the eye or the conjunction .''? of the lips are overtures when frequent ? and protracted.' So the jury awarded : the plaintiff a solatium of 15,C0Odol.'\ Luckily for our N.S.W. boys that law ? would not hold good here, for which both the sexes are no doubt truly thankful. - The Ifyngan 'Observer' gets horns -. \ on the mean man after this style : — ' The - champion mean man of Nyngan took a 1 walk out into the West Bogan scrub last ~ ; Tuesday and it came on to rain, he 'i sneaked into a hollow log. The log ,| shrunk and he could not get out. He , j prayed but to no avail. Then he com- 5 menced thinking what wrongs he had i done, or mean actions he had enacted. '??% After a long period of agony and thinking, ,- ? it came to his mind that he was in the /I habit of continually borrowing hi* '! neighbor's local paper, and to his sur- '1 prise he felt so small, that he was able to ' sneak out of the log with case. This sad . . 3 event should be a caution to all -i borrowers.' ;?j A Woronora scribe reminds us that ' -|| the moon is at full by the following :— ? M 'The weather during the last week has ra been of an exceptionally aggravating and f-M debilitating nature, inimical to the best tfl interests of man, but especially advan- ASS tageons to the pereginating blow-tty and ''i^ incubation of the season's characteristic 1.3 afflictions which aro anticipated to ba ,,-,! numerically stronger, more persistently ' J vicious, and especially calculated to retard ? ,- ailffnentary functions and edacionsjae/Sg, --4 thereby increasing' those bibulous prp-1 j*j pensities, and which assume abnormal' ? Jis proportions, ensuring for the patient a '-! condition of 'ohroiiic ' aiifractvoshess and ?-:% ohstencbrution of the medulla oblongata and : | other physiological structures. Mine's a J beer, a long beer.' ? The 'Herald' sent its most crnahinir .Si scribe to report the meeting of the Jj National Rifle Association, and a plenti. i| ful supply of ' jam ' was ladled out to J all and sundry. Mention was made ol j 'Captain Morris,, the genial and :;1 courteous officer who now commands the !| depot company of the Permanent -£| Artillery ' ; of the adjutant of the day, ^| Major Bayley, a disciplinarian of - ?% disciplinarians, who invariably aims at ;'^S securing the highest possible standard -'M of excellence from, a military stand* -?S point ' ; of ' the cheery and experienced ,P burgeon-Major Dansey'; of 'th» /iS; popular councillor Colonel Longfield, ^ V.D.'; of the 'active and devoted' '*|| executive committee; of their 'earnest 'M colleague,' Captain W. Foskett, ;|| secretary ; and of the ' vigilance ' i|| exercised by Captain Le PatoureL -i^m Warrant-officer Tideswell is noted for big .; f|| 'celerity 'and 'ability' in tabulating , fl the results ; while Warrant-ofSoer '£ «| Cowper's services as Camp Quarter- '?' '\| master Sergeant ' entitle him ' to :1S| ??tm 