racing notes. [By Mentoe.1 _Mr. Whitington received very good entries oh Monday for theS.A.J.C. Spring meeting, and, including the horses who are coming from Melbourne, the nominations are bettor than last year, as will be seen below : — 1895\. IHU3. ' First Hurdle Race .. „ 20 2$ S.A. Derby .. .. „ 82 18 Glenelg Handicap .1 ... 21 20 Selling Steeplechase .. ..11 17 Morphettville Hate .. ... 11 10 Sturt Handicap.. .1 .. 24 26 Auction Handicap . . .. iO 12 Second Hurdle Race .. ..23 30 Spring Handicap .. ..18 23 Handicap Steeplechase ..18 22 Nursery Handicap .. ..14 10 Plympton Handicap .. ...? 29 28 237 244 We have received the first number of Belt's Life in West Australia, which is very well got up as a sporting and society weekly, and is edited by the genial 'Nunqiiam Dormio,' so long well known in Melbourne by his connec tion with Punch and other papers. Mr. Tom Hales has once mote had bad lack with his Carlyon colt Carisruhe, who was to have been sent over to competent the A.R.C. meeting. He has hurt himself in the shoulder, it is supposed while in his box, and is under the care of the vet. At a meeting of S. A. Tattersall's committee on Tuesday afternoon the late fracas between two bookmaking members of the club was dealt' with under rule 34, when strict punish ment was meted out to the offenders. One of the offenders was suspended for three months, and the other was fined £5. ? Amongst the local wagers laid on Tuesday about the A.R.C. meeting were for the jump ing double 500 to 10 the two Black Flags, 100 to 3 Black Flag and All Fours, 100 to 2 Black Flag and Banjo, and 100 to 2 Conventioner and Banjo. We are informed that the catering for the A.R.O. for the next year has been let to Mr. H. Purvis, of the Pier Hotel, Glenelg, for the grand stand and Derby stand, and to Mr. Mugge, of the Waterfall Gully Hotel, for the quadrangle. At a meeting' of the committee of the S.A. J.C., held on Wednesday, the following officers were appointed for the current year : — Chairman, Hon. Sir Richard Baker, K.C.M.G., P.L.C.; stewards, Hon. Sir Richard Baker, KC.M.G.. P.L.C., Hon. J. L. Stirling, M.L.C., Hon. W. B. Rounsevell, R. Barr (Smith, John Pile, William Robertson, Frede rick Ayers; judge, John Barkery starter, Godfrey Watson ; handicapper, H. Hughes ; clerk of the scales, H. H. Parr ; clerk of the course, J. Reid ; auctioneers, Barker and Cornelius; hon. timekeeper, T. F. Wigley; hon. surgeon, Dr. Jay ; secretary, A. O. Wnitingtou. Sub-committees — 'S.A. Racing Calendar,' the chairman ; course and tracks, the chair man, W. Pile, J. Barker ; licensing, Hon. W. B. Rounsevell, F. Ayers, and T. F. Wigley. Mr. Whitington informs us that at the S.A.J.C. committee meeting on Wednesday 27 new members were elected; also, that 51 jockevs' licenses were renewed. The Port Adelaide Racing Club applied for November 28, 169G, as an extra fixture, but the application was not granted, the S.A.J.C. committee having by resolution, dated August 20, 1894 (published in 'S.A. Racing Calendar'), decided not to permit any increase of racing fixtures within a radius of 25 miles from the G.P.O., Adelaide. A. Reed, a jockey who was suspended on February 27, 1896, during the pleasure of the committee, for malpractice, applied for re moval of such suspension. The application was not entertained. The following list of racing fixtures for 1896-7 allotted to date :— 1896— August 15, 22, j A.R.C. Grand National meeting; September! 1, 5, S. A.J.C. Spring meeting ; 9, Oodnadatta j Jockey Club ; 12, Kapunda Racing Club ; 19, Port Adelaide Racing Club ; 23, Millicent Racing Club; 26, Adelaide Hunt Club; October 3, S.A. Tattersall's Club; 7, Mount Gambier Hunt Club ; November 9, Gawler Jockey Club; December 26, Port Adelaide Racing Club; 28, A.R.C. Anniversary meet ing. 1887— January 1, S.A.J.C. Summer meeting; March 17, Port Adelaide Racing Club: April 19, Onkaparinga Racing Club; 24, S.A. TattersalTs Ciub; May 1, 5, 8, S.A.J.C. Autumn meeting; June 5, Gawler Jockey Club ; 21, S.A.J.C. Winter .meeting ; 26, Port Adelaide Racing Club; July 17, S.A. Tattereall's Club. On Wednesday the following local wagers were laid over the forthcoming A.R.C. jump ing races : — 100 to 2i Radiant and Banjo, 100 to 3 Jack Sprat and All Fours, 100 to 2 Con ventioner and The Ghost. The local jumpers Simulator and Banjo have returned from-Melbourne to Sydney Park, on the South-road. Although the 6takes at the recent Caulfield Grand National meeting totalled £550 more than last year the club comes out with a profit of £700 on the fixture. Mr. W. Allan's post-mortem examination of J.O.I, has disclosed the fact that the awkward fall which he got in the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase was responsible for the gelding bursting the large artery over the kidneys, internal hemorrhage being the cause of death. Mr. Gordon Lyon's horse Beemed to have lost his form after running in the V.R.C. Grand National, and it was thought possible that he might have injured himself . internally when he fell on that occasion. Mr. Allan, however, dispels the idea (remarks the Argus), as he states that except for the ruptured artery there was nothing wrong with the horse. J.O.L appears to have made a very poor attempt at negotiat ing the fence which brought him to grief. There are indications that he struck the top rail with one fore-foot and the second rail with the other. He turned right over when he came down and J. E. Brewer had. a very lucky escape. The crack rider was dazed from the fall and had his face out, besides sustaining several braises. Songster badly injured himself when he fell in the Steeplechase on Saturday. Mr. Allan, who has bjjn in hand, is doubtful of his re covery. Under any circumstances the horse will not be able to leave his box for some con siderable time, v Amadeus is not likely to be seen with the colors up in Melbourne many more times. The Tasmaman has changed hands and will pro bably be sent 'to Singapore. During the settling over the Caulnelc meeting on Monday (says the Argus) there was some wagering on future events. Several combinations at 1,000 to 1 were backed for the two cupa, commencing with Devon, Excel, So and So, Canoona, The Chevalier, Tire, and finishing with Devon, Hopscotch, O'Trigger, Marusa, Nada, Torea dor, and Miraclum. A number of doubles were also booked on the Derby and Melbournfl Cup, Newhaven, Resolute, Coil, and Man of Honor .being picked for the former event, coupled with Nada, Miraclum, Marusa, O'Trigger, Toreador, Resolute, or Cydnus for the Melbourne Cup. In the course of a letter to Mr. Alfred Joseph the following remarks are made by our old friend Mr. 'Joe' Thompson, who has now a splendid connection as a bookmaker in England: — 'We are having no rain, and as a consequence the horses are running up to their true form. The results have been most disastrous to the ring. The racing public have been much astonished by the good form shown by the American horses. The Americans started aw horses in six different races and landed four of them, while one race was thrown away by the jockey, who mistook the winning post and let an outsider win. All these horses went out at long prices. The ring are preju diced against American horses and their jockey, Rietf. The Americans landed a big stake.' Little Duchess, the dam of Summerlea, k not, it appears, identical with the Swiveller mare of the same name bred in Gippsland. Mr. George Davis, who bred Summerlea, states that the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Race winner's dam is by Dread from Grand Duchess. Summerlea has plenty of jumping blood on the dam's side. Dread is a son of Panic, and Grand Duchess was the dam of Dalesman, the crack hurdleracer 17 or 18 years back. The v'mtory of Mr. Glasseoek's Toting Panic gelding, Larrikin, in the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday was not an unpopular one, as the horse had been steadily supported in the market during the past week, and left the post as actual first favorite. He made the pace very hot, the four miles journey being completed in 8 min. 11J sec, or 4£ sec. faster than Daimio'8 time last year, which was then the record. Waterloo had the bad luck to fall, and several others came to grief. Our local candidate, Banjo, was steered into third position by Sid. Ferry, which should make his chance good for the A.R.C. Grand National Steeple. Ferry & Son get £100 for third place at Caulfield, and the second horse, Cerberus, is allotted £200, the winner receiving a thousand sovs. for his victory. The 'Hurdle Race brought about a chapter of accidents by which two horses, Latrobe and Defiance, were destroyed, and the rider of the former was somewhat badly hurt The purchaser of La Fleche, who realised the record price for a mare of 12,600 guineas, was Sir Tatton Sykes, the sale being made at auction. The French sportsman, M. Edward Blanc, bid 12,000 guineas for her, T. Slatter went to 12,500 guineas, and on behalf of Sir Tatton Sykes Lord Marcus Beresford went another hundred, and got her. Some sen sation was caused next day by a report (which, however, appeared to be unfounded) to the effect that Sir Tatton Sykes had re pudiated the sale. On the 'same occasion the whole of the late Baron Hirseh's stud was put up. Sir Tatton Sykea gave 4.C00 guineas for Wedlock (by Wenlock), with a colt foal by Fernandez ; Mr. Eton gave 3,100 guineas for the yearling La Veine, by Morion— La Fleche ; and our Governor's nephew, Mr. L. Brassey, got Pauline (by Hermit), with a colt foal by Donovan, for 1,500 guineas. The brood mare Darnaway, served by Carbine, was purchased by a Russian sportsman, Prince Lubiinarski, for 200 guineas. The mare is 17 years old. St. Frusquin and Persimmon bad an oppor tunity of fighting their Derby battle over again in the rich Prince of Wales' Stakes at New market on July 2. St. Frusquin had a slight pull in the weights, carrying 9 st. 2 lb. to 9 Bt. 5 lb. carried by the Prince of Wales's colt. Regret, who only had to put up 8 st. 7 lb., was favorite at 7 to 4, St. Frusquin being at 5 to 2 aud Persimmon at 4 to 1. It was a great race, St. Frusquin beating Persimmon by half a length only, while Regret was a similar distance away third. The field also included Troon, Sir Visto, Kirkconnel, and others. The stake was worth £9,005 to the winner. According to the New Zealand correspon dent of the Australasian, the jumpers Donald Mackinnon and Tiritea, who were intended to be run in the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, did not leave New Zealand. The boxes for them were fitted up on board the Hauroto, but prior to the steamer leaving it was ascertained that, having come from Fiji, all _ her live^ stock would be quarantined on arrival in Sydney, and it was therefore de cided by Mr. Douglas, owner of Donald Mackinnon and Tiritea, to abandon the trip. 