THE SPAWN OF FORTUNE. "I don't know much about firearms, bo I would like you to pick mc out what you consider a good weapon." The dalesman ran his eye along the rown of revolvers. "This Ih one I can recommend," he said. Jta barrel glinted blue, ltd stock was pricked out in nickel, and Its ham mer filled with a glittering cylinder like tho nose of a ferret in a rnt-hotc. "Ah, yes, thnt looks nil right Is It loaded? No, Kindly explain to me bow the trick Is done." After he hnd seen the cartridges rhoved into tlie chambers and had paid the price, Arthur Brackcnbridge slip ped the weapon Into his breast pocket, mode his way nlong th» Strand, «nd, turning sharply down VUllcrs street, en tered tlie underground station. "Earl's Court, flrst return," he said at the ptceon-hofe, but he hastily corrected himself. "No, not return; single I mean. Earl's Court, flrst single." lie pocketed the ticket, grinning rue fully as he said to himself, "The return will be n free Journey this time, I Ima gine." IJnlf- way down the dirty stairs thnt lead to the platform he suddenly paused. "What In the world nosscssed me to take a flrst7 Third would have done me ouite as well. What an ass I am to day. Ah, well, I have lived in this world flrst- elass, and may as well go out of it flrst-clnos." A'few waiting passengers sauntered up and down tho platform, smoke hung In fantastic blue whiffs, writhing and twisting and swirling lazily towards Aie roof, nnd the gas burned yellow In the great glass globes that hung above the footway. Tho ticket Inspector at the foot of the stairs, his punch dang ling to his fingers, carried on a flirta tion with a buxom wench of serving- maid class. "Besides, it will look better on the evening paper bill. 'Suicide In a Thlrd- elfiss Underground' seems cheap. Few pereons of clnas enter tlie underground, nnd none travels third. Substitute first for third, nnd well — it should make a rather tnklng bill, you know." At this point in his soliloquy Arthur Brackenbrldge heenme aware of a cu rious growling rumble that rapidly grew Into n roar, und as if In fear of this ominous sound , the black tunnel begun to vomit smoke that gushed out In n dense cloud-hank. At last two yellow eyes trembled and blinked In the darkness, and the next instant a Richmond train came wncczing, rock- ing, screeching, nnd grinding out of the blackness, nnd stopped with a jerk nt the platform Brackenbrldge ran nimb ly along the carriages and junqred into the first empty compartment. Placing bin hat in the rnck, lie let down the window nnd stuck his head far out, as though looking for a friend — a trick much resorted to by (overs onrt Rchonl- lioys who wish a compartment in themselves. On this occasion, however, the stratagem wna unavailing. At the moment the train was about to move on n brawny man rushed punt the ticket Inspector, nnd, grasping the handle of the door, gave It such a llglitnlng-Ilkc twist nnd pull thnt had Brackenbrldge not drawn In his bend with rapidity lie must have found himself at full length on the platform. Without ono word or Qpology the stranger nhtil the door with <1 hang, and flung himself into u corner, never once glancing at the young man, who stood in the middle of the compartment looking tlic anger he felt. To Arthur Bntckenbridge's way of thinking, the entrance of this ntrnngcr was abrupt to nn uncallcd-for degree, and the thought of hownarrowly he hnd escaiwd being flung out of the carriage determined him to remonstrate. Bo he opened by saying In his decided man ner, cmphuslscd by the anger that was In him: "My seat, sir." The stranger glance up ; bin eyes word bloodshot, nnd his features set and hurd. lie said nothing, however, and sat tight. "My seat, sir." This time the stranger did not even condescend so much ns a glance. "For tho first time I tell you that you are In my sent. If yon doubt mo, my luit on the rack above will prove what T say." Without a word the follow flung lilm- celf Into the opposite corner. "Gad, he's a cool customer," Arthur muttered ns he took the seat vacated by Uio stranger. Tho man sat, or rather lay along the cushion, his two hands deep Into his trousers' pockets nnd Ids eyes fixed on his foot nn It rose and foil to the rocking of the carriage. He was a man past middle llfo, fairly well dressed, and stur dily built. " I'll startle this cold-blooded fellow before I'm through with him," Arthur Brnconbrldge thought. Heaning for ward ho addressed the sullen man: "I would like you to change compart ments at the next station," The matt stared angrily at the speaker. "And 1 skull do nothing of the kind," he replied, decisively. "1 advlae you, sir, for your own com fort, to ehiinge." . "I look after my comfort without as- nlHtitniw from others. I shall not change." " An you plume," BrackimhrMse re- plied, in a cureless tone. Tlie train crunched, nml pr rounil, and shuddered, und ciuno to it standstill at w cotmlnstor Hrldtro, Arthur Brnclton- bridge spoke; . Allow nie, sir, to advise you ngriln to change mrrJngcs. It wilt .not put you to much trouble and may suve you a lot. I sikaIc In all good faith." - The heavy man run Ids «yo over tlio other, nnd there was; unspeakable scorn In tho glance. Then ho again turned his attention, to the dancing boot. When the train disappeared Into the tunnel Arthur Braeltonbridge eat tip. "As you have Boon- fit to disregard my advice, given, as I before said, In aJI good. faith, 1 can only hope, air, that you do not object to me committing suleJde I Intend to. blow iny brains out before' wo reach BL James's Fork station." .f The surly man leapt wildly to his feet. Uc threw open the carriage door and the ronr of the' tunnel drowned Jlracken- brldge s cry to "stay." Steam and smoke m a purple cloud, ahd sulphur smells nil In 'and filled tlio compartment. Iho younger ?nan had grasped hold of t in other s arm. At tost the door was shut, and the two; stood facing- each other. Brnokonbridgc grinned. . "I gayo you fair warning. It crossed "l'iiyli Tc " yU t l,rcfer to be - ; '!Wliat tlo you mean? You are hot going to kill -yourself?" "Ah, but I am," j ||Gimd heavens, man, you're crazy i" 1 You speak like a coroner's Jury, sir As a .matter of truth ami of faCt 1 am no Zr'i'uvhUi 1,nV«»»y sane, which, as > far as I can make out, amounts to pretty much the „« thin,; in ihu, //j ,; In only tlio Insnno that ivouhl try lo live oner the event,, of this „,vr„l dny. v, too sane to attempt to do so." The Hilar Klmm-r,, „ f of th/T/L, I". ",uc" "-"er of tho tao and had to stoop low nbnuX'.' haV J'U dm,C fUr?" 1 'What do you mean?" The youmr man felt tt IridO uneasy under the other'? bloodshot eyes. Whom have you made away with r0cS"hCdO' y0U 10 -!« '''l!" Jidfmv Stopnrd hurriedly book Into tho corner, and looked about him ns though he feared he had been overheard Arthur Braekuubridgc blurted out; ' "What tho deuco do you mean, nlr Done for?' 'Made away with 7' What nn Ideal You're crazy now. Instead of mo. u 111 1 have been murdered, foully and brutally murdered. Yen, .sir. twice th to d->v I'.iit bote wo are rt St. Jame.-r's and the little nffalr not done. I trust lo your lienor not to say a wood to the guard, for 03 sure as ho comes for me I "hall lire, and lu my hurry may make a moss of It. you know, Now, out you get, that's n good fellow, and God bJosa you, sir. For some reason quite unexplsin- (able 1 wish to bo alone when, when— well, good-bye. The .surly man stepped out, walked a 1 dozen feet towards the exit, paused for a second or two, and then hurriedly retrac ed his steps, entered the compartment , and. shut the door after him. "No, may I be hanged If 1 leave you." | Brackenbrldge sat wearily back In the cushions. The stranger stood looking 'down upon him. "J'octpone the deed for Just ono ' station more . t want to speak with ! you. May I?" . Brackenbrldge nodded an enforced I affirmation, and the heavy man seating ' himself; a silence followed. At length the stranger said: i ."There Ih but one crime in the long calendar the devil h»s pro pared for us that warrants a man taking his life." "Yes? What is >that crime,, may I ask?" "Murder." j "My dear sir," said Brackenbrldge ait- ' ting up, and speaking with animation, "My dear sir, a murderer has no need to kill hlBOlf." "You mean Society will do the Job for him7" .. "Not at all: T mean quite a different thing. A murderer dies the Instant his I victim dies." j "O! indeed, I did not know that." I "it is so, nevertheless. A murderer may walk about, and be to oil outward \- appearances alive, but, as a matter of fact, lie is ah dead as Pharaoh. His j hold on the world is relaxed. His self- . resect is dead; his manliness ts dead, ' his liberty Is dead; his case of mind hits been slain by the self-same blow that slew his victim ; everything that J constitutes life Is slain, ami lies dead I within him, a rubbish heap with his ! heart, a core of hateful fire smouldering beneath It. all. Breathing, working, walking, talking, seeing— all such things nrc hut the incidents of life. A life of falsehood nnd subterfuge, of wildly flee ing from a consequence, la death In its most awful form." Brackenbrldge spoke rapidly and with bitter vehemence. " I ,4ell you, he continued, "murder changes a man from a living being to a craven cowurd, a coward Who fenrs to live, and I fears to die." j ' The heavy man sat in silence for some moments. "Jt seems to me," he soldi nt length, "that one who contemplates suicide is a still more deplorable creature than a murderer." 'I don't see matters in that light at all." "Well, I think you will agree that one who h.iH committed murder may, at least, be presumed to, have been brave nt the moment of the deed." I- suppose there Is something uncanny about taking human life that demands valor of one kind, or another," assented Brackenbrldge. "But with suicide it is altogether dif ferent," continued the stranger. " The actuating Impulse is cowardice, pure and simple, a weak determination to es cape threatened pains of body or of mind. But I maintain that to delibe rately, with premeditation, slay a fellow man calls forth one glorious outburst of manhood, ono period of physical tri umph, of mental exultation, Ineffable, supreme; n moment when a man's reel are on the spheres, when his head is ablaze In the sun. his houI'Is a great licking, rolling crimson flame, and his arms are reached down through endless space to the spinning world, and his fin gers creep among tlie crowd to ulutch his shrieking victim, clutch him, and rait hltn (n the pnhns, crush his bones, squeeze him, crunch him, ami roll him again and ugaln, und work him gradu ally, gloatingly, towards the flnger-Ups to hurl him, a pulpy mass, into space and everlasting blackness. Ah! I call thnt a supremo moment, when the crim son flame of soul-flrc leaps through the smoke-clouds' of a smouldering life to the very sky!" The stranger had started to his feet, his eyes great and full of lire, his hands clinched above his head. Whirling round and facing Arthur Brackenbrldge he demanded : 1 "Why would you kll! yourself?" "I have lost my fortune, and—" "What iu that? You talk of cowards! T thought you valiant, you thought yourself no! Boh! why waste good pow der and ball. You fear to live because, perchance,- your circumstances. may not ho quite so pleasant ub formerly. Sor did coward" "It's not altogether a matter of money," faltered the young man. 'The stranger kept his eyes fixed upon him. "There's a warrant " "Then you are a criminal?" "No, I am not." "Why the warrant?" "My partner has landed us both In fraudulent bankruptcy——" "Are you Innocent?" "Absolutely." "And you fear?" "Well, .there is as much nbamc as four "You are vain as well as a coward." "To be the principal' in a criminal trial Is no pleasant experience; at least, so I gather from tho newspapers." The heavy man sat down again nnd gazed utBmckenbridgc contemptuously. "Young man;what a craven you would have me believe you. Your cowardice is so great thnt you are willing to stamp yourself- guilty by self-murder rather than face your accusers and confound them.' On my soul I um surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. I should have thought you would liavo Implored some one to come with you while you look the leup in the durk.Why were you given youth, strength, health,, good strong arms and sound heart if they were not intended to overcome ob stacles V Think! would It not be greater far to step out before, the world and say 'Here am I an. honest man; where are' my accusers?' rather than to llo on the floor of a railway, carrlngowlth a wreath of powder- smoke for a crown?" "Yes, but you see, my dear sir, -to-day there has been a focussing of all that is unfortunate for me. My whole for tune Is gone, the fact that it has been lost cauaen the police to 'want' me, and the fact that the police 'want me. has loot ine-rwell— " . ('Out with Hi Lost you what?" Arthur Brackenbrldge did not Intend. 10' say niorer but the strntigeFs corn-' nmtulhig guzc and Imperative question' .loft -hint powerless to. resist. At every, statlon hc prayed that somu.one would enter the compartment, but the Under ground Is a contrary line. No ono dis turbed them. . "What else liavo you lost?" demanded tho heavy, man?!' "Well, lo 'out with It' as you nsk— the girl to whom I nm engaged— or was." Tho stranger threw back his head and hurst into a flood of laughter wherein there was no' ghost of a trace of mirth. Brackenbrldge. felt Indignant at the sar castic levity of his new found com- : batnnt, but said nothing. "Girl," the heavy man shouted. 'Fine girl, Indeed, that will break her promise because you've lost a pound. She gave you her word and now tello you to your fnco that she will not keep It." "She has not. I tell you she — she " "But you have Just this minute said she told you to go about your bum- "I said nothing of the sort." "Then how know you that you have lost her?" , Brackenbrldge was silent. "Let us bo honest one to the other. An swer' me: How knew you?" "ITcr guardian, her aunt, lokl me." "My young friend, take the udviee of one who htm seen, experienced, learned. Hnvo nn den lings with a women through a woman— never. Give mo that revolver you have In your breast pocket." The revolver was weakly passed over. "Now wo are coming to Earl's Court fUnMnn. Get nut; be a man: wnlk up to the first policeman you meet — or, bet- \ lor still, ball a hunnom, and (ell cubby to j drive to the nearest police station. Say to the Inspector: 1 hear there Is a war rant out for me. I have coma to give myself up, if you want mo,' " "By George! I doiPt like to do U, you know, 1 swear 1 don't ; but I suppose your advice Is good. I must say I do not fnncy pnsHlng through tho machin ery of Justlofr— the stinking police cells nnd maybe the -stinking Old Bailey and the stinking Holloway as well, don't like the Idea, I my." . I "Nonsense. I have little doubt that you'll find tho plank bed In the cells mora entertaining nt least than the stone slab of the morgue." ; "Don't speak of It, sir; not another word. I hadn't thought of that 'pon my soul, I hadn't. You make, my flesh creep." The stranger grinned for the flrst time. Arthur Brackenbrldge reached for his hat, and reluctantly left the car riage. He stood for a moment, his back to. the compartment and his hand still on the door. Turning, he said : "Yes. you're right. I'll do It; I'll give myself up and see wha t becomes of me. My name Is Brackenbrldge ; you will, without a doubt, see it appear often enough In tho newspapers during the next month or so. But. whatever be comes of me. you. pfr. have paved my life. Whether you have done mo n good turn or an evil one hns yet to lie seen; I but to-night, a t leont. T am grnetful, very gra.tcful. That slab keeps. recurring to 1 m yinlnd. you know, and— well, goofl- I bye, my friend, and God bless you, elr, j God bless you!" The two men .elnsped hands, gazing ! Into one another's face earnestly and j long. .The train started with its usual wracking jerk. j The heavy man sat huddled In the corner, his brows contracted/arms fold-! ed, and his eyes fixed on his dancing foot, j The train arrived at nnd departed from West Kensington station. He slipped his hand into his breast pocket, and elowly drew forth the revolver,. The muzzle smelt blood; ft looked blood, j Without one glnnce at the weapon, but handling It as a usurer handles a gold ornament, he muttered: I "Taken one life, saved one life. Surety ! the one should balance the other. But he says: 'No: not one life, but two you I have taken— two! two! your victim's ! nnd your own.' T believe he 4s as right I In my case as I was In his. and tho balance Is against mo. against me— ; hopelesly against me; against me now and for all eternity.- He said to me: God bless you, -sir!' I think that Ik of good omen. He 1s the last T shall meet on this earth, and he said, 'God bless you, sir! " With his thumb he drew back the hammer of the weapon until it 'clicked" twice. "I may or well end my flight bv (instantaneously putting myself out of, reach of my pursuers; and It Is better that T do It with tho young man's words ringing in my ears. He was flying to his death: T from mine. He found life; i find " | At Hammersmith station the travellers j byf the train gathered round the compart- j merit, to stand tip-toe and peer Into It while the guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful collapse; ahd next morning's panors contained the news of the suicide of the Gray's Inn murderer and the arrest of Arthur Brackenbrldge. —"The Ludgale." 