O’fri ri’s Uhost, 1 proprietress of ft loci"* romantic suburb of limo i spank cf she was I'Bricn bad been found jwing ft race meeting I jammed in ft water j no evidence showed. iSTrs. O'Brien was con matter. To all intents Mick was the man found in the water at hi i classic visage—of true : hat Buffered some damage, trendily recognisable. But J:ro h;er Mick’s. His watch jilt there was his initials on shirt, and what more was was an exceptional corn on If his right foot to which tho id bo with him,” she sobbed ;cr, “ haven't I pared that ores of times. Oh whirra, oor darlin’, he’ll never want !j coroner, satisfied that tho :orpse in the next room was |aincd of Michael O'Brien, led with the inquest. A veriB^"'ai returned to the effect that Michel O'Brien had met with hU death fiv* suffocation in a water pipe, but there was no ovidenco to show how ho = So tiu’i'idy was hurried, with a grand wake, at i oil tho honors, and Honors tho widow s'.t down in the parlor to rcecivo the condlence of her friends and acquain These .were many, and of all ages, nositiorJ/tnd types ; Michael had boon in some se j a public man—a local coitncellor, a J.P., I ad a successful contractor. vapatl of all kinds ctimo to offer y. Mrs. O’Brien recoived he observed to a friend, p, my dear, accordin’ to their Murphy, a young Aua '>Muiite studying at the uni Ju-iong her visitors, lens and tho Murphys had sorted,” both in the “ ould ire in the new. Iiilus was a young man of 22, lface, round nose, and little J He looked like an animated [a dishcover represented by i hat. trs. O'Brien his visit of con ked in liis university gown, jiat the lady admired this out pie sign of laming and janius, jot uuwilling to make a favor [early, Mr. Murphy reflected fO’Brien would “cut up” for 1 was plump and comely—on E>f thirty. ] liked the idea. lonely notv, dear Mrs. I he, as he sat in the dark Ene it, Misther Murphy,” she for Mick was grand company, |uly rue, for tho late gentleman, well in liquor used to make in the house, if dinner was to his liking. ou’ll travel,” suggested tho e. “Nothing like it they broken heart. I can believo the classic lands of Europe converse with the spirits of roes of ancient times—ah 1 lit be apt to make one forget sir,” said tho widow, “ but I am a teat) stay-at-home, ye see. My ways domestic. No—I’ll open a board ing hoifl.” Thcohilus stared. “ A warding house, Mrs. O'Brien ?’’ “Toho sure, Mr. Murphy ; not yo’U understand that I need to do it for tho profit, jlory bo to God. Poor Mick has left meeverything—may he rest in pace. But forsociety, Mr. Murphy. If 1 can get five’r six gentlemen.like yerself,now, Mr. Mrpliy, to live in this big house, sure itlwould be company—and com pany of|. very pleasant koind ye’ll under hold I let lj Miclf {moment the undergraduate said He thought, however, very Presently ho spoke, a bad idea, ma’am—not a bad Bind I'll tell you what—if you still lit, I'll make one. Bless me, it le very pleasant. You know I am I, and you sing beautifully Mrs.—’’ list, whist, Mr. Murphy. Don’t lalk of them vanities yet. Poor lhasn’t been in heaven over a MrsJ But time passes rapidly It seems like a month— I ye’ll make one of my lodgers, Mr. | ?” smiled the widow. “ Oh thin to ye. An’ I’ll mako yes , I believe.” It name it, dear madam,” ob s undergraduato,“ don’t name it. Itilego of living under the same 1 you, dear lady, would of itself impart a sense of comfort and lent ' to the most exacting of fcn was speechless. This ad her vanity oven unto a gpef.s of mental paralysis. VTscny therefore, Mr. Murphy raised ]ler:and to his lips, and bade her good davibW01*!*! only smile, and blush, and fluff.'? ‘•Jracious !” sho murmured to herself whc alone, “that young man has quite a jnacetic attraction, so ho has. Well, wefipoor O’Brien ; I wondther how ye f„clow.?” Ithis {reflection, uttered aloud in the presice-'i of those who had best known t,lie unented in life, had needed oral ansvr, that answer would probably have take the terse but eloquent form, cm Jjocfil in the sentence—“ a drink.” Wsrever he might be it wn3 the firm opinn of the departed Mr. O’Brien tbat't'bfher in substance or spirit, the Vomi ting idea would be “a drink.” pe aps some such idea ceiurred to his wi(j0 for though sho sighed there was no t tnisery echoed in her sigh. Shi rose from her seat and regarded her i vely face in the mirror over the SVetfr i* neiweeds suits me, sho muttered. a ofibut shame it is, I’ll bo thinking oi that;™®;” Th> '* low minutes afterwards she mutted ii a inn ilegant young man, so he is _wiil'i® Yearnin’ and janius. ’Twill be issuei r4ieatjj little circular among her t &o; have him in the house tc with |md console.” ipl aft*r a decent period of mourn her departed Mick, and the settle ’fjjhis i affairs (which last proved tisfaciory indeed), Mrs. O’Brien 'ming them that she was accommodate five or six If character and position at Carlton. is promise, Mr. Theophilus the first to take up his abode pding-waitcr in tho Customs, -faced, loud-voiced gentle been in the army and was fajor Buck, appeared one day ttable, and was introduced as Joy. Is hated him instinctively, r had a way of looking at him Lh his beetling brows, which .udent’s spinal marrow creep. HethF it that a cannibal savage might so reg l well-nourished missionary prospe<|4 y. .: clerks, and (after Borne de ig somewhat below the social : the other lodgers’) a young large drapery establishment, & rest of tho uoarda'a. T«» stand* mant The last gentleman only succeeded in securing admission to the hospitalities of Brin House by accepting a bed-room in a garret., and promising to observe an unob trusive demeanor. Then, there was the advantage that ho was always ready to supply information with i psnect to tiie fashions, and the latest things in bonnets. He was a quiet, hino-cyed youth, with a Bad and melancholy cast of countenance. Mrs. O’Brien took to him. and patro nised him, for winch he seemed very grate ful. . , The widow iiad the late Mr. O'Brien a mint to reside with her. This was neces sary in due course of tile proprieties. A niece also—a pretty country girl with red cl iceks and soft brown eves, was adopted by the lady, who, however, kept her re ligiously in the background. Time passed on, and the period of mourn ing had elapsed. Mrs. O'Brien, one fino summer's morning, appeared at breakfast in a simple gown of colored print. The major was in ecstacies. “ Ah ! madam, that is sensible. I’m the lust man in the world, egad, to say nay to decent formalities. But by heaven, Mrs. O'Brien, its sheer blasphemy to hide such loveliness as yours beneath dull The widow colored, and simpered. ! The nndergratuato realised, for the first time in his life, that there were some cir cumstances, under the action of which a man might commit murder justifiably. The drapers’ young man looked depre cat ingly at. his landlady. “ I t is gratifying, Mr3. O'Brien, to hear Major Buck speak thus. His views are those of a gentleman who has tho right and authority to oiler them. Tiie major crunched his toast. By Jove you are right, sir, right. What Jack Buck hasn’t seem you might put in your eye without any danger to it,” and the major scowled at the imiicrgradu That gentleman felt miserable. ITe had felt for some, time that he was losing ground with the widow. He determined to Btttle matters at And so, one day, returning from a re fined game of tennis and carrying his bat in his hand, lie entered bis lodgings. It was early in the afternoon, and lie knew lie should find the widow alono. He was mistaken. Opening the door of the sitting-room he beheld a picturo which made him ga-’P- , The widow was reclining in tho major 8 Ho was soothing her ; Bpeaking to her in a tender, though rather arbitrary man As the door creaked lie looked up. “Ha! ” roared the major, and the next moment the undergraduate was dragged across the room by the collar of his coat. “ Yousneak,’’criedthe major. “ Listen ing at tho keyhole." “I wasn’t—indeed I wasn’t,” whim pered Mr. Murphy. “ Oli, Mr. Murphy," said the widow, “ I should not have thought it.” But I wasn’t. I was coming to speak to you, Mrs. O'Brien. I was—’’ “ Say it,” growled the majar, “ and I’ll skin you alive. This lady has promised to be—Ilulloa ! ” Tiie door opened and another gentleman appeared. The widow saw him, uttered a wild shriek and fell to the floor insen “ By the Lord!” gasped the under graduate, “ its his ghost.” “ Ilulloa! you, sir,” roared Major Buck. “ What do you want." “ Bedad,” observed tho new arrival, with a broad Milesian brogue, “ I hndly know. Who the deuce are you, my friend,” and the stranger advanced into the He was a tall, muscular, dark, and not ill-looking fellow, in whose face, an expres sion of arch drollery predominated. “Who tho doucoare you, sir,” repeated the stranger. Tho major became suddenly quite wild. “Me—me sir. My name is Buck, sir, Major Buck at your service." “Well, then, Major Buck, nt my- ser vice, clear out. This is my house ; that lady kicking the floor is my wife ; and you, i M.astlier Murphy—sure don’t you know The undergraduate shrank into a corner pale and paralysed. “It’s a ghost,” he muttered. “Thu saints be good to us.” “Ghost be hanged,” growled the other. “ I’m Mick O'Brien, my friend. Itouso up 1 You sir,” to the major, “had betto show us your back, or, maybe, I’ll be after helping you.” At this the major, strangely changed from his usual martial bearing, sneaked The stranger raised Mrs. O’Brien from the floor. t “Rouse up, Biddy-,” said ho, “Sure I'm Mick, come back to ye.” i “ Oh, oh,” moaned the lady, “maybe : twar for changing my mourning, Mick, i But I kep' it twelve months, honey.” “Oh, bother,”growled the man. "Don’t bo foolish. I’m not dead, and never have “Rot dead—oh, dear!” moaned the widow, “ and tho major just proposed to “ Then he’ll have to wait,” said Mr. O'Brien. “ Como now, cheer up, I’ll tell you all about it. Shako hands Masther Murphy,” and the grip with which he grasped that young gentleman’s fingers at once dispelled his doubts as to the materiality of the new arrival. It appeared that Mr. O’Brien, after winning a large sum at the races,had met with an old friend, a sea captain, who in vited him aboard his ship. Tho ship sailed early the following morning, and while Mr. O’Brien and some other roaring fellows were still making merry. When they recovered themselves it was to find themselves at sea. There was no getting back and they j had to make the best of tho disaster, and go on to London. I The voyage was lengthy but very en joyable, and when Mr. O’Brien found himself in London with a couple of thou sand pounds in his pocket lie proceeded to enjoy himself. This he did with such relish that he en tirely- omitted to communicate with liis Letter writing, indeed, was not in his line at any time. Moreover he proceeded to Ireland to see his friends and at once joined heart and bouI in the political troubles there. Arrested for riotous conduct at a pro scribed meeting, he was sent to prison for three months. All theso circumstances accounted for his not communicating with his wife in Australia. “ An’ so it was by my ould corn ye knew mo, Biddy,” said lie, as Mrs. O’Brien sat on liis knee with her arm around his neck, and told her story, j “ Yes, dear." “I wondther if ould Buck has a corn 1" said he, with twinkling eyes. “ Arrah, whisht, Mick,” said tho widow. “Bad scran to ould Buck.” “ But you’d have had him, Biddy, if I had been dead. ” “I was mighty lonely, Mick,” mur mured Mrs. O’Brien, “ and the major's a foino man, anyway-.” “ Arrah, not he. He’s a cur, Biddy, The little student is worth a dozen of “Poor crayturo,” said Mrs. O'Brien, “they was all after mo. I couldn’t help it, Mick." “ Sorra a bit, Biddy. Give mo a kiss, and I’ll be abetter husband to ye than I was. I missed you bad.” And he kept his word, and although sometimes the thoughts of Mrs. O’Brien turn sentimentally to iha thought of the incident of the major’s proposal, she has never really regretted that her Mick re turned at that moment to dispel the illu sion, 