Are You Ready ? Some ' recollections' of James Anthony Proude, by the lato Mrs, Alexander Ireland, aro given in tho ' Contemporary Review.' Mrs. Ireland, in the autumn of 1889, spent several days with the historian at his bouse, ' Tho Molt,' Saltcombe, Devonshire. One episode of tho visit has a pathetic interest now that both Mrs. Ireland aud Mr. I i-ortdc liavo passed away. I Was asked (Mrs. Ireland writes) to mako ono of a party for a boating expedition. Mr. Fkmde'e son had already started in a tiny skiff, and we wero to go in a rather larger boat, accompanied by three sailors. The morning was bright, with a florcc wind and dark' blue sky, with whito clouds hero and thero. Wo walked through tho protty grounds to tho private landing-stage, , tho party consist ing morely of Froudo,-liis elder daughter, and myself. Tho young' lady; spoke somewhat apologetically as to tlio wild look of tho sea, her father's love of danger, her liopo that I would not feel myself- compelled to go, &c;, But I was in no mood- to manufacture fears, and felt none. Tho arrangement in tho boat was that Miss Pi-oude- sat amidships, facing tho ruddor ond, where I sat beside hor father. Tho thrco men disposed themselves at tlio stern end of tlio boat. Thero was a mast, but no canvaB hoisted 5: the wind and tho tido woro both against us, and it was slow work for tho strong men to pull' against both, and thus wo slowly, made our way past Sal combe, and towards Kingsbridgo, with a sense of laboured strain in our progress, and an inde scribable vividnoss of colour in sea, land, and Bky all round. I sat in tho stern of tho boat, Mr. Froudo holding tho tillor-ropes in his hand. He talked to mo, but wo sat apart, so far as tho narrow dimensions of tho craft permitted. I sat somowliat sideways, not to mcommodo him, and steadied myself by holding to an iron hook which was near my hand. Froudo's conversation was memorablo. Onco or twice wo saw tho littlo skiff with young Froude, but wo novor remained besido it moro than a fow moments. Aftor a couple of hours or so tho order was given to go homowards, and a largo sail was hoisted, Now, witli tho wind and tido in - our favour, and, the lattor beginning to blow most violently, wo literally- flow among, tlio water. Tlio sensation was overpowering, oxhilarating, and dooply oxoiting. I sat vory still, but tlio sight of tho glittering wator, ovor which wo passed with such breathless rapidity, tlio desporato sonso of having lot go of any slight hold wo possesaod of tho oloments, causod mo for somo moments to closo my oyos. Thoro was a whistling, keen cry in tho wind, and wo woro hurried along by sheer forco of the current of air and water. Open ing my eyos, I was suddenly awaro of a cliango in tho scono. An ominous blackness lay on tho wator immodiatoly around our littlo boat, Tho sun still sliono at a distanco, but wo soomed in. night. The cry of tho . wind was raised to a wild shriek, tho wator rose tumultously, tho florco galo camo down one of those 'chines,' as tlio Devonshire folk call them — ono of thoso narrow olofts between two hills. Tho sky, too, had changed; the sail almost struck tho wator; rain and sloot £611 abundantly. Just before this change of woathor, I bad boen saying to Mr. Froudo : ' I shall novor bolievo that I havo boon hero — it is all liko a dream to me — this oxporionco.' And my companion had said : ' You aro liko tho lady who saw a ghost in her dream and would not boliovo in it, Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black mark as a sign P or is thoro any othor way P' His dark oyos wore vory oloso to mo, and I added, norvouBly : ' Oh, I am only joking.' ' But,' I10 continued, ' will nothing re main to you of thoso sights and impressions after- you loavo us P' '? Tb me,' I said, ' all will remain ; but I despair of ovor oonvoying any truo impression to anothor.' Ho- mado no roply. Tlio- ' squall' re peated itsolf furiously, and wo shipped a good deal1 of wator, tho sail again dipping terribly. Tho littlo craft- could not bo righted.- Froudo, who still hold tho tillor ropou said, with what soomed to mo a sardonic smilo,. and porfbotly unmoved : '?Aro you afraid P' Ho spoko loudly — for tho roar of ' tho olomonts madbit uoodful, 1 mot his look, and said quiotly : ' Not' in tho loast I' on whioh I10 tiurnod his. head from mo. Tho storm now grow moro violont, Miss Froudo, who was solf-possossod, but vory pale, Baid, so as to bo hoard : '1! think wo aro in danger^ fatlior;'' To which tlio roply, givon without a tiligo ? of emotion, waB : ' Vory likoly.' It flashed _ through my mind with tlio strango rapidity that is born of such momontfl that a noar possibility lay at hand of our all boing drownod — sinoo tho oapsizilig of a ploasuvo-boat in doop waters haH often lod to suoh an ond. I saw,, in my mind's oyo, tlio submerging of that littlo inimanagoablo or aft,, ?I thought: Horo is Mr. Froudo,. 70- yoars of ago — mysolf 50 — lio not longing, to livo — I not longing to livo, _ Hithorto I had boon .oaroful not to touch him, but with tho violont movomont of tlio boat I felt an inclination to oatoli at his arm, but did not. 'Still,' thought I, ' if.' wo drown, it will bo togothor.' And conscious mysolf of ontiro physical dis ability, it might, aPtor all, havo boon, that wo should liavo olnng togothor inthatsupromo moment. It talcos mo moro timo to writo this than was allowod for tho thought to flask through my mind. For again Froudo's voioo said close to my oar 1 ' Aro you roady ?'' And somo thing noryod mo up to add din tlnotly : ' Quito ready. Tho place, and tho hour, aiul the company will do vory woll, if it la to bo now and horo I' ' Woll,' said ho, droamily, ' if 'tis not now tin yot to oomo— tbo readiness 1h all— Aud almost as Boon as tho words wove snolcon tho boat righted, tho Btross of stown I abatod, and wo got undor shelter of. somo rooks, Tlion Froudo said coldly 1 ' Don't -trust to first impressions, Mrs, Ireland I'/ And. ho gayo mo ono of his unfavourable, soaroluVng loofce, 