VISIT TO BREAM CREEK I BUTTER FACTORY. [by our special "REPORTER Bream Creek" is a name calculated to lead a stranger to imagine that the place is a "fishy" one, and it is undoubtedly appropriate enough as far as the creek itself is concerned ; but that undulating and fertile part of the district called " The Tiers" may more fittingly be called " Greenlands," for, as in the case with parts of the West Coast of Ireland, it is always green. Like a prismatic pebble, its colours are brought out by humidity. The conformation and appearance of the country in and around stream Creek are unique even in Tasmania. A clearing of bush and scrub having been made, the larger trees were ringbarked and left to remain, and now many thousands of them stand amid the surrounding greenery, tall and gaunt like white sheeted ghosts, the rises and depres- sions to the ground adding to the weirdness of their appearance. Millais once declared that three hours' sunshine in Scotland was worth three months of the same treatment with the solar rays at Cairo ; but in the district under notice less sunshine and more rain than the rest of the agricultural and pastoral districts of Southern Tasmania have recently been favoured with, enables the "Tiers" about -Bream Creek to retain their usual vivid greenness. Part of this effect is undoubtedly due also to the atmosphere, instead of being laden with the haze of continuous sultry weather, being made moist by the squalls that continually arise on the eastern coast, hard by. Thx soil, too, is very fertile, being mainly composed of a splendid mixture of organic and volcanic mould. Bream Creek is, therefore, a dairying district par excellence. For some years cheese and butter have been made in this district in the old-fashioned way ; but now, having had a good taste of it, the public will have " separator " or '. factory " butter, and no other-at any rate they will not give a good and remunerative price for any other. Hence it is that during certain months of the year no less than £300 worth of factory butter is being imported into Tasmania. In view of these facts, Messrs. Dehle ft Murdoch, an enterprising firm of Hobart merchants and produce distributors, have' wisely taken the current as it serves and opened a butter factory in the Bream Creek district, using all the modern appliances on the most approved principle, with the result that up to date the venture promises to be a great success. There can be no possible chance whatever of its failing to succeed if those who become suppliers will maintain a regular supply of milk. To this end most of them will undoubtedly require to improve their herds of cows, for to keep mongrels and nondescripts which only yield about a gallon and a half to two gallons per day will not permanently pay in any locality, however well favoured, In the face of the fact that the best milch cows yield five to six gallons of milk per diem, those which will give on an average two and a half gallons of milk per day, sufficiently rich in butter fats, should not be hard to obtain. For this district dairying is undoubtedly the natural industry, and now the Bream Creek people have got an opportunity which, if not made the most of, may never come. again in their day. In the western districts of Victoria, where the country much resembles Bream Creek in character, there are now, M the writer can testify, whole communities of well-to-do dairy farmer, who, as late as eight or nine years ago were in a very impoverished state, the greatest things growing on their farms being mortgages Their present improved position is wholly due to the butter factories from which they derive steady returns for their milk, and make the most of the skim, and buttermilk in pig feeding. There is also the advantage that dairy cow keeping takes less fertility from the soil than any other branch of farming. It is a boBi ness, too, that brings in a constant income. Till a man who cultivates crops of any kind has to wait till he can market his product, and may only do that at a loss, after much labour; but from a butter factory a cheque comes in once a month for all the milk supplied, no matter whether it has been raining or joining in the mean- time, or what the experiences of other kinds of farmers may have been. A bush track is being converted into a well macadamised road, in it strikes off the Bream Creek main road to the factory which lands adjacent to Messrs. Dehle ft Mary ? doch's bore. It has bars opened Just over two months. The second month's cheques have been handed to the suppliers, and now more suppliers are being added to the number, weekly. They all seem satisfied with their receipts, and some of them are quite enthusiastic about the new industry, the -proprietress the factory receiving many kind words and general encouragement from a people noted for their good nature. The contractor for the erection of the factory was Mr. Harry Gibbons, of Hobart, and the engineering was satisfactorily done by Messrs. Burn and Tulloch, Liverpool. Street, Hobart. The premises include engine room, separator room, working and churning room, cool chamber, box-room, testing room, waiting-room, cream cooling-room, milk receiving chamber, and the rangers office. ... Upon the writer's arrival he was readily shown over the factory by Sir. Dehle. one of the partner. orth»fiT.»ni1MTr^-H'I^OW°, the factory manager and export. It has been elected on the same plan a several dairy factories on the mainland, with an elevated chamber for the reception of the milk from the suppliers' carts as they draw up alongside, and then the milk gravitates to the chambers in the basement for treatment. The milk is brought to the factory daily in tins, supplied by the manager on the usual terms. No milk must be brought from now until six clear days after calving, and not at any time from cows that are unhealthy. The manager is authorised to send a man to inspect and report on any suspected cases of unhealthiness. Thus cleanliness and whole soreness are secured. It is also required that the elders of the cows must be washed and wiped before milking, no milker to dip his fingers into the milk before or whilst milking, but to use clean, dry hands. The milk is bought by weight of 10lb. to the gallon, and paid for at the rate of 3d. per gallon, provided the tester shows a percentage of 3 G of butter fat and some of the milk readies 42 of butter fat, which means a higher price. The Skim milk is returned to the suppliers free,' in the proportion of 80 per cent, of the milk' supplied, whilst a neighbour has contracted to take all the butter-milk for pig-feeding. Tile night's and morning's milk has to be kept separate and brought to the factory in separate cans. It is also required that the milk shall be properly strained before being brought in. Upon arrival, the milk is poured into a. large loan which swings on a frame fixed upon the weighing machine, and is weighed. A sample is taken out in a tiny glass tube for the tester, and then the lacteal fluid is poured through a strainer into a large receiving tank. The milk gravitates out of this tank into another fixed above the pair of separators, where it is heated by steam to. 75deg. toasting., or even90dcg., according to the weather. Thence it passes through another strainer into the separator. From the separators the skim milk flows along a piping into a tank at the rear of the building, where the supplier, who has brought his milk in, after an interval a few minutes gets the skim to take home with him to feed the pigs. The cream streams into a shoot, which conveys it into the cream tins. These, as they are called, are placed into a cooling tank in a partially dark chamber, where it is kept to ripen at a temperature of about 35deg. for 12 hours, and then churned. The churn is one of Cornish's concussion pattern, and is capable of churning 230gal. at once. Having " comes," the butter lb lifted on to the butter worker, where it is also salted, and is next passed into a large butter tray where it says over night, and early next morning is weighed and printed in symmetrical half pounds, wrapped in parchment paper, and placed in the cool chamber ready to go off. Some of the butter is put up in bulk, in 561\. cases, to suit certain customers, The print and brand adopted Is "Taranaki a article which bears the name of the factory. The proprietors are receiving most flattering testimonials from storekeepers and others as to the quality of the butter. It is good in colour, texture, and keeping qualities; it carries well )whilst it could not be surpassed as to taste, the cows being fed on the natural evergreen pastures of the "Tiers." At present the firm cannot supply all demands. This week an order received from one of the other colonies could not be executed. This and other facts clearly show that there is plenty of room for expansion, as well as proving the good quality of the article. The various operations in the treatment of the butter (which is never touched by the hand are facilitated by the application of steam-power. A powerful Tangye steam boiler of 12 up., and a vertical engine of 10 h.p. are embedded in massive stonework in the engine-room. The separators are driven by direct steam action, whilst beltiogB are attached to the churn and butter worker. From the boiler the steam is used for heating the milk and for scalding all the vessels, the steam jet for this latter purpose being powerful enough for an establishment many times by large. The floor throughout the basement are of concrete, and a copious supply of pure, petrol spring water obtained from a never failing spring close to the factory, serves to keep the interior of the whole building at quite as low a temperature as is required in the hottest of weather. The whole place is continually washed down with water, cold or hot, as required, the supply of both being apparently unlimited, and thus 'Sweetness and cleanliness are assured. The possession of such a good water supply is a great advantage in many ways. The cool chamber is constructed with thick charcoal-lined walls, and has a storing capacity for 50 tons of butter. The two Sharples separators used are each of 250. capacity. By these machines the milk is pasteurised as it passes through them, and freed from all those noxious gases which are calculated to affect the keeping qualities of cream and butter in dairies where no separators are used. The process at a butter factory also secures uniformity of sample. Even the Russian Babcock tester is driven by steam power, and records the quality of the milk to the nicest shade of peach tage. It was elicited from Mr. Dehle in a conversation with him upon the promises that some of the suppliers come with the milk four miles, and if the number of farmers continues to increase, the firm intend to have a creamery at Kellevie, and another at Copping It was computed that 2,000 gal, of milk per day could easily be brought to the factory and treated from the surrounding district, but a good beginning has been made with ,r>50gil. Several more farmers will be sending in milk shortly. The skim milk is used for pig feeding and Mr. Dehle seemed very glad to say that the suppliers were appl o alting its value for this purpose. Supplying milk to a factory and utilising the skim for pig feeding must go together. Pigs fed with skim milk always fetch top prices, as porkers, whilst bacon so fed is always of very special excellence. The butter is conveyed to Hobart by water from Dunalley, which is a great advantage over carrying it a long distance by road in the summer time, The present suppliers are:-Messrs. Geo. Burden, T. Dunbabin, W. Q. Kingston, C. Featherstone, P. Freeman, G. Williams, G. A. Brown, jun., J. E. Kingston, Hildyard, J. Allanby, A. Brown, sea. W. Clifford, Albert Kingston, C. Kingston, and A, Bender ; whilst Messrs. C. Bender, A. Clifford, R. Kingston, T. Cleary, J. Woolley, jun., Corbett, and Mrs. Copping intend becoming suppliers very shortly. Conversations with some of those who are at present bringing milk to the factory elicited from them that they are very satisfied with the manner in which Messrs. Dehle & Murdoch are treating them. They receive their cheques roost promptly and are being treated with civility, whilst their conveniences are in every way studied at the factory. The firm is even willing to make advances to would-be suppliers to enable them to make a beginning, and in one or two instances this I kind offer has been taken advantage of. I WILL YOU BE WISE? OR FOOLHARDY? SUCH SYMPTOMS A HEADACHE, BACKACHE, SLEEPINESS, INDIGKSTION, Etc., NDICATE A DISORDERED LIVER. CLEMENTS TONIC IS A PROMPT AND POSITIVE CURE. CLEMENTS TONIC DOES NOT TREAT SYMPTOMS, IT REMOVES THE CAUSE. FOR PROOF READ THIS : J. E. W., Mt. Zeehan, Tasmania, who writes About fourteen months ago I was troubled with loss of appetite. Hearing of your Clements Tonic, I was persuaded to buy some. I took about three bottles, which completely cured me, and I have not been troubled with a bad appetite since. You are at liberty to make what use you like of this, and I am willing to answer any correspondence, but I should not care about my name appearing. You can give it to anyone Privately. Pleaaeue-my initial J.E:W., It. Zeehan, Tasmania. [Name and address will be sent on application. No.] 