TALES AND SKETCHES, WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By MISS M. E. BRADDON. Aulliorof " Lady Audley'» Secret," " Vixen," "Ishmael," "Like und Unlike," "The Fatal Three," " The Day Will Come," &c.; (ALL MOUTH HESLUVED.) Chapter XII.- FIXWESTAN'S MISSION. Florestan luuchcd wit li Mr. and Mrs. Ardon I on the day after their meeting at the Opera. It was thc lady who gave him the invitation. He had uhvays been a favourite of hers, since thc time when he sohl the meadow, and curlier, when he had juat left Eton for thc superior independence of thc University ; and in this busy Paris, crowded with strange faces, she had been pleased to meet with a familiar face, a face associated with thc cloud- less years of her first marriage. Everything was dear to her that brought back thc memory of thal time. Waa she happy with her secoud husband Î No, she was not : unless gratitude and a Elacid submission tu tho decree of Fate mean appincss. She had drifted into thia second marriage upon thc strong tide of Ambrose Arden's passionate love-a love which had gathered force with each long year of waiting, and which had become a power that no ordinary woman could resist. Such a passion, so ex- ceptionally in its patient endurance, its intense concentration, will compel love, or at least the surreuder of liberty, sud the sub- mission to woman's destiny, which ie, for thc most part, to bcloug to someone stronger I hau hcaself. She bad submitted to this mastery, and she was grateful for that devoted affection which knew no wavcriug, which had lost none of its romantic intensity with thc waning of the honeymoon. No woman could be heedless of sucli a love as this, from such a man as Ambrose Arden ; and his wife was deeply touched by his idolatory, und gave him buck all that a woman eau sive whose heart is ss marble. Tenderness, deference, companion- ship she could give, and she gave them : but the love she had lavished on Robert Hutrell was a fire that had burnt out. It was not in Ambrose Arden's pawer to rekindle the flame. Never since the first year of her widowhood had her thoughts recurred so incessantly to the past as they had done since her second marriage. In her life with her daughter, they two aa sole companions, something of her firtish gaiety had returned to her. She had ecome almost a girl again in adapting her- self to a girl companion. In her anxiety to keep tho burden of sorrow off those youthful shoulders she had shaken off the shadow of her own sad memories, and had niven herself up to the girlhood's small pleasures and frivolous interests. But since ber marriage since her chief companion had been Ambrose Arden and not Daisy, a deep cloud of melan- choly had come down upon her mind. Tho image of her first husband had become a ghost that walked beside her path and stood eside her bed ; and the memory of her happiest years*had become a haunting memory that came between her and every charm and every interest that her present life could offer. Thus it was that she had been eager to see more of Florestan, and had asked him to lnncheon at their hotel. This time they were at the Bristol, and it was in a salon on the second floor, looking out upon the Place Vendome, that they received Gilbert FloreBtan. Daisy beamed upon him in a white straw hat trimmed with spring flowers, and a neat gray checked gown, made by one of those epioene tailors who give their minde to the embellishment of the female figure. She had a bunch of lilies of the valley pinned upon her 1 breast, a bunch which Cyril had just nought for her in the Rue Castiglione. They had been running about Paris all the morning, Cyril protesting that the great city was a vulgar, glaring, dusty hole, yet very delighted to attend his sweetheart in her explorations, and to show her everything that was worth looking at. " I nope I have satiated her with churches," he said ; " we have driven all over Paris, and have gone up and down so many steps that I feel as if I had been working on the treadmill. We wound up with a scamper in ' Pire la Chaise." "It was a scamper," exclaimed Daisy. " He would hardly let me look at any of the ', monuments, They are all mixed up in my ; mind, a chaos of bronze and marble, classical templesandEgyptian obelisks-Balzac, Rachel, the Russian Princess who was burnt to death : at a ball, Désolée, Thiers, Abelard, and Heloise. I could spend a long day roaming 1 about in that place of names and memories 1 and Cyril took me through the alleys almost 1 at a run. " Why should a girl want to prowl about a cemetery, unless elie is a ghoul and is map- 1 fling out the place iu order to go back there 1 n the night and dig?" Cyril protested 1 with a disgusted air. " I would rather have to stand and wait while you looked at 1 all the shops in the Rue de la Paix." Theluncheonwas a very lively meal, for both 1 Cyril and Florestan were full of talk and vivacity, and Daisy talked as much as they 1 let her, leaving Ambrose Arden and his wife 1 free to look on aud listen: They had spent 1 their morning together among the second- hand bookshops on the Quai Voltaire, where 1 the scholar had found two or three treasures ' in sixteenth century literature, and where the scholar's wife had hunted for herself among volumes of a lighter and more modern character, and had selected some Bmall additions to the carefully chosen library at River Lawn, a collection which had been j growing ever since Robert Hatrell's death had made her in some way dependant upon books ' for companionship. After lunch, Florestan suggested a pilgrim- I age to St. Denis, and offered to act as cicerone, 1 an offer which Daisy accepted eagerly, so a 1 roomy carriage was ordered, and Mrs. Arden and her daughter, and the two young men ! set out for the resting place of Royalties, leaving Ambrose free to go back to thc book- 1 shops. I ' " It isn't a bad day for a drive," said Cyril ' as the landau bowled aAoag the broad level road outside the city, " but I am sorry that we are pandering to Miss Hatrell's ghoulish | tastcB by hunting after more graves." ' There was more discussion that evening ' as to how long the River Lawn party should ! remain in Paris. They had arrived from Italy two days before, and while they were in ] Venice Mrs. Arden had' seemed anxious to return to England, and had confessed herself 1 homcsiok. In Paris she seemed disposed for delay. 1 "I can't quite understand you, Clara," 1 said her husbaud ; " all your yearning for home seems to have left you." " I am as anxious as ever to go home, but ' there is something I want to do in Paris." " What is that*" | " Oh, it is a very Bmall matter. I would rather not talk about it." Ambrose looked at her wonderingly. Thia I was thc first time since their marriage that she had refused to tell him anything. He , did not press the point, however. Thc matter in question might be some femeninc frivolity some business witli dressmakers or milliners which it was no part of u husband's tn know. Later on in tho evening his wife asked a question apropos to nothing. " Does Mr. Florestan know Paris par- ticularly well J" Cyril answered her. " He tells me that he knows Paris by heart, and all her works and ways. He has lived herc u good deal olT aud ou ; and now bc has established his pied il ttirre in thc Champs Elysees, and means to winter herc und summer at Fountainhead. You will have him for a neighbour, Daisy. I hope you are not going to make me jealous by '.aking too much notice of him." He spoko with the cary gaiety of a man who knows himself beloved, and who is so secure in the possession of his sweetheart's affection that he can afford to make a jest of the possibilities which might alarm other meo. Daisy first blushed, and then laughed at the suggestion. "Poor Mr. Florestan !" she sighed, "no father or motlier, no sister or brother 1 No- body to be happy or unhappy about ! What au empty life MB must be." " Oh, the fellow is lucky enough. He hat a pretty old place and a good income. He is young and clever-and-well-yes-I suppose lie is handsome." Daisy offered no opinion. .. "Decidedly handsome," said Ambrose Arden, looking up from the chessboard at which he and his wife were seated. Clara had never touched a card since the nightly rubber caine lo un end with her first liuobaud'n tragical death ; bul she played chess nearly every uvoniug with her second husband, who was a line player, and intensely enjoyed ihc game. His wife played just well enough tu make thc game interesting, and then there was for him an unfailing delight in having her fur his antagonist ; the delight of watching her thouiihtful face, with varying expiea-ion os she deliberated upon her play ; the delight of touching her hand now and then as it moved among tho pieces ; thc delight of hearing her low sweet voice. This fife could give him no greater joy than her com- panionship. lt had been the endend thc aim of his existence for long and patient years. Mrs. Arden sent Florestan a telegram next morning, asking him lo cull upon her as early as he could before luncheon. Her husband was going to spend his morning nt the sale of a famous libary, and she would be free to carry out an idea which she lind entertained since her meeting with Florestan at thc Opera. Mr. Arden had not been goue more than a quarter of au hour before Florestan was announced. Cyril and Daisy were sight-see- ing, and Mrs. Arden was alone in the salon. She wus sittiug near one of the windows, with her travelling desk on a table before her. She thanked Florestan for his prompt at- tention io her request, and motioned him toa seat on thc oilier eide of thc writing table. " I sm going to ask you to do me a great favour, Mr. florestan," she said very seriously, " although our frendship hos been BO interrupted and so casual that I have hardly any claim upon you." All I hut was ardent and frank and generous in the man who affected cyuicism was awak- ened by this deprecating appeal, and perhaps still more by the pathetic expression of the Boft hazel eyes and the faint tremulousness of the lower lip. " You have the strongest claim," he an- swered eagerly. " There in nothing I would not do to show myself worthy to be considered your friend. If we have not seen very much of each other we have at least been ac- quainted for along time. I remember your daughter when she was only a baby. I re- member-" Ho checked himself, ea he waB approaching a theme that might pain her. *' You remember my husband," she said, interpreting his embarrassment. "It is of him I want to talk to you. I think you are good and true, Mr. Florestan, and I am going to trust you with the secrets of the dead. I am going to Bhowyousomeoldletters-letters written to my dear dead husband-which I would not show to anybody in thia world if I did not hope that some good, some satisfaction to me aud to my daughter, might come out of the light these letters can give." " My dear Mrs. Arden, you do not surely hope that after all these years the murderer will bc found through any clue that the post can afford Ï" " 1 don't know what I hope-but I want to find a woman who loved my husband very tenderly and truly before ever I saw his face. She was a friendless girl in this city, a girl who had to work forker living, bat her letters are the outcome of refined nature, and I feel a strange and melancholy interest in her. My heart yearns towards the woman who loved my husband in his youth, and who might have been his wife but for difference of caste." " Did your husband tell you about this youthful love affair?" " He alluded to it laughingly once or twice during our happy married life ; but I knew nothing more than that he had onetfboen In love with a French grisette, until the week before my second marriage. I had a ourioos fancy before that great change in my life to go back upon the past." There was a grave regretfulness in her tone at this point which was a revelation to Florestan. "And I occupied myself for a whole night, when every- one else in the house had gone to bed, in looking over my husband's papers. I bad been through them more than once before, and had classified and arranged them as well as I could ; hut I suppose I was not very business-like in my way of doing this, for among some commonplace letters from old college friends I found a little paoket of letters in a woman's hand, which I had over-looked before. " She opened her desk as she spoke, and took out a small packet of letters lied with a piece of red tape. There had been no sentimental indulgence in the way of satin ribbon for the milliner's poor little letters. The tape was faded and oki, and it was the same piece which Robert Hatrell'e own hand had tied round them. " Please read oue or two of those letters, and tell me if they speak to your heart as they spoke to mine," she said, as she put the packet into Florestan's hand. He untied the tape, counted the letters, seven in all, and then began to read the letter of earliest date. " Rue Chauve Souris, Faubourg St. Antoine, "9th May. " lt was like a day sjient in Heaven while we were together yesterday. 1 felt as if it was years and years since I had seen green fields until yesterday. My brother was too busy with his inventions, and there was no one else. I wonder at your goodness, that you Bhould take so much trouble for a poor girl ; and that you should not be ashamed to be seen with anyone BO shabby and insignifi- cant." Three other letters followed, telling the same story of a Sunday in the environs of Paris, of thc woods and the river, and the rapture of being with him. Gradually the pen had grown bolder, and it was of love the girl wrote to her lover-a humble, confiding, romantic girlish love, which took no thought for the morrow, asked no questions suffered from no agonies of doubt. She wrote aB if her happiness, were to know no change-UB if those Sunday excursions to pleasant places were to go on for over. -She told him how she had gone to moss before she met him ut thc railway station, or thc steam- boat pier, and how she had prayed for him at the altar. Tho later letters hud a more serious tone, and breathed the fear that her dream must coate to an end. I "It has been like a dream to know ycit^|fl bc loved by you," she wrote ; " but fi^^H dream to end in darkness, and the lot^^^H life that would bc left for me if you go away and forget me T I suppose i^^^^l he so. I have been loo happy to re^^^^H that such happiness could not last, YS^^^H go back to your own country, and fall with a young English lady, and forg^^^^l you ever spent happy days on th^^^^H laughing and talking with your poor TI^^^H You will forget thc arbour on the isIana^^^H we dined in the twilight, while mus^^^H singing went past us in the boats, wha^^H Bat hidden behind vine leaves, and us|^| everything without being seen. Oh, hon sweet it was ! I shall never see any more stars like those that shone down apon us as we came from Marly one night, sitting side by side on u bench on the roof of thc train. I shall never Bee thc river in Paris without thinking thal it is thc same river on which our boat has drifted, oh, so lazily, while We have talked and forgotten everything except our own faces and our own voices. All that was beautiful in the river and the landscape seemed not outside us, but a part of ourselves and of our love.' There was more in thc same strain, but later the key changed to saddest minor. " I know you cannot marry mc : indeed, I never thought or hoped to be your wife, I only wanted your love to go on as long os it could. I wanted it to go on for ever, askii no more than to Bee you now and then, once week, onoe in a month even-ah, even once a year t I could live all through a long du year in the hope of seeing you for ono blesse nour on New Year's Day. Is that to much i ask ? You cannot gucsB how little would coi tent me-anything except to loso you forevc The day that you say lo me, ' Good-byi Toinette, wc shall never meet again,' will I the day of my death. You ste the betti fart of my life. I cannot live without yoi think of you in every hour of the day. think of you with every stitoh my need makes through the loug hours in which I e at work. The sprig of willow you picke when we were in the boat last Sunday is lill a living thing to me-as precious as if it ha a soul au'd could sympathise with inc in in love and sorrow." Florestan read on till the last word in th last letter. " Do those sad little letters touch you s they touched me ?" asked Clara. " Yes, they are pretty little letters. Thc are full of a tender, sentimental love whic niight mean much or little. There is no knott ing how much reality there is in all thi sentiment-women are actress from thei cradle. They can simulate everything-loi or hate or pride or jealousy ; nothing come amiss to them. Bul there is a pretty littl air of self-abnegation in these letters whic' takes my fancy, justas it took yours." "I believe that the sentiment in them i real," said Clara, " and I want io know wha became of this poor girl after the last lette was written. I want to know whether elie i living or dead. RcinemU¿r, it was her uanv that was used to lure my husband to hi death. There must have been some lin i between the murderer and that girl." *' Ah, 1 remember. There was a wonidii1 I name mentioned." " Yes, Colonel MacDonald heard the name It was Antoinette. He bad heard my hus band speak of a griselte with whom he ha< once been in love." "Do you think the girl was concerned i the murder ?" "The girl who wrote those letters? No assuredly not ?" " There are women whose slighted lov turns to remorseless hate," said Florestan. " Not such a woman as the writer of thoa letters. She is so humble, so unselfish, sh accepts her fate in advance. No, 1 am sur she was a good woman. I want to lind her i I can, to help her if she is poor and friendless I want to find her for her oftn sake ; hut stil more for mine. She may be able to give th clue lo the murderer. Her name was used a a lure, and very few people can have know) that Robert ever cared for that girl. Th man who made that vile use of ber name mus have known of that old love affair. He ma; have been the brother of whom she writes." "My dear Mrs. Arden, would it not b wiser-in your circumstances, with new tie -a husband who worships you, a dsughtei who adores you-would it not be wiser ti draw a curtain over that ons dreadful seem lin your life-that ono terrible shock whicl you suffered nearly eight years ago ?" "I cannot 11 cannot forget the man I lovci with all my heart and strength," exclaiinec Clara, passionately. " Do you think becausi I have married again that he ¡B forgotten' Do you think that I have forgotten his lid which was so bright and happy, so full o: gladness for himself and others ; or hh miserable death ? No, I have not forgotten : I have married a good man, whom I honoui and esteem. I am as happy as the most de voted love can make me : but I do not forget, Ever since I found those letters I have beer brooding over tho possibility of the murderei being discovered by that woman's agency." " Do you think that if her brother was tin murderer she would betray him ?" " I think she would no more have forgiver his murderer than I have-even if he is hei brother." - " But she would hardly put a rope round his neck." " Perhaps not. Only find her for me, if you can. Mr. Florestan, end I shall be deeply grateful. You who know Paris so well, ana who are living here, may have opportunities.' I " Ü abe is to be found I will find her. But these letters were written more than twelve years ago, and the cleverest police-agent in Paris might fail in tracing her after such an interval. Remember, we do not even know the surname. The letters have only one signature-Toinette. " " There is the address of the house in which she lived." "That is the only clue. Wc must begin upon that." " You are very good. You can understand, perhaps, why I appeal to you instead of to my husband. In the first place, he is a dreamer and thinker rather than a man of action. He knows very little of Parisian life, and he would not know how to set to work. And io the second place, it might wound him to know that my mind has beeu dwelling upon the past. " "I understand perfectly. I conclude that {rou have told bim .nothing abont these etters ?" "Nota word." " There is one circumstance connected with your husband's death which has always mystified me," said Florestan, after a thought- ful pause. "How caine the murderer, a foreigner and altogether unconnected with your husband's life at Lamford, to be so well informed about his plans-to know that on such a day and at such an hour he would bs on his way to Lincoln's Inn with a large sum of money upon his person ? The man's plans had evidently been mads some days in advance-thc lodging was taken with one deadly intent. The womsn who acted as an accomplice mnst have been taught her part in advance ; the flight to the Riviera with thc money must have been deliberately thought out, for there «as not an hour lost in the disposal of the notes. A little hesitation, a few hours' delay, aud the police would have been able to track tho plunder. Everything was arranged and carried out with a diabolical precision which argues foreknowledge." "I have puzzled over the Bamc question till my bruin has reeled," answered Clara. " Someone must have given the information -one of our servants-a lawyer's clerk, porhaps. I dismissed every sea vant we hajl at that time, as soon as I recovered from my illness. I would not have anyhody about mo I who might even unconsciously have helped to bring about my husband's death. All our servants knew what was going to happen. We talked of thc purchase very often, and at diuncr on thc evening before Kobert went to London we discussed his visit to the Bank and to the lawyers, uud his appointment to lunch with Colonel MacDonald at the Club." «"It ¡B just possible that the murderer was Sàyour house that evening, and that he got ^Bry detail from one of your maid-servants. Knien aro such fools, and women of that ^Hs will bclievo everything that u smooth Bim tells them. Il waa thu year after thc a time wheo London swarmed with ^Kd communists. It was possible that the ^Bs brother was among them, that he ^Hionred an old grudge against her lover he took paius to find out uti he could ^?t your husband's circumstances, and, ^Hing of thc purchuso money which was to ^^Btrrled from thc Bank to thc lawyer's office, ^Heived the desperate idea of a murder and ^Bbery in broad daylight, in a house full of ^Riplc. I take it that the police would make H*)e investigation in your household, although ?n murder occurred in London V y' I know very little of whut happened at tliit time. I was coo ill to bo told anything that was being doue-and after I recovered I had too great a horror of the past. I Viand not speak abont my husband's death. ?i'-SÉ}* have brought calmness, I cun think of it now-and reason about it- though I shall never understand why God cut short that happy lite in so cruel a manner-I shall never understand the wisdom of my heavy chastise- ment." Florestan was silent, pitying her with all ? bia heart, both for the husband she had lost, and for the husband to whom she had given herself in a loveless union. He had seen I enough of Ambroee Arden and his wife to divine that there wat profound affection on the husband's side, and on the wife's only the pensive Submission of a woman who hat given away her life in self-abnegation, pitying thc passion which she cannot reciprócale. Daisy and her betrothed came into the room nt this moment, she Isden with, bunches of white lilac and Maréchale Niel roses, as a tribute to her motlier. Itscemed to Florestan as if Spring itBclf had come dancing into the room incarnate in that graceful figure in a cream-coloured frock and sailor hat, shining upon him out of those suuny hazel eyes, giv- ing warmth and brightness to the atmosphere. Sha shook hands with Florestan in the friendliest way-too friendly to be flattering to n man who was accustomed to exercise, a somewhat disturbing influence upon tho other sex. Hut a girl who ÍB engaged to be married has sometimes no eyes for any man except lier lover, Florestan had experienced that kind of thing : and he had experienced the other kind of thing from girls who are ever nu thc alert for fresh concúlcate, and who arc only stimulated to audacity by the know- ledge that they have secured one man for their bond-slave. Daisy had no hidden thoughts, she waa just as simple and unaffected, just as nncon scious of her own charms as she hud been four years ago when she was still a child, with all a childs thoughts and pleasures. How different she was from the type of woman he had once compared with Dante s Beatrice, with Petrarch's Laura : the splendid and grandiose among women, thc Queen of Beauty in the World's Tournament. That magnificent type had lost its fascination for hi'ii now. He stayed to luncheon, half reluctantly, yet unable to resist bis inclination to linger. Ambrose Ardon carno in fruin his book-sale flushed with triumph. Bc lind gratified desires of long-standing by thc- purchase of certain first editions of French classics-Villon, Ronsard, Clement Maret. His son made light of the father's craze for books with a certain imprint. " What does it matter who printed a book, or where, or when," he cried. " Thc book is only u voice-thc voice of the dead. It is a j spiritual thing. It is the soul belonging to a body that has long been dust. How can it matter what outward form thc soul wears upon what kind of ragB the divine speech has been printed-what kind of leather keeps the book from falling to pieces. I am amazed when I see people going into ecstasies about binding-except aa furniture to brighten a room. For a book I really care about the out- ward form is of not the smallest account to me." " You arc young, Cyril," his father answered gently. "Youth has the kernal of thc nut ; age must bo coûtent with the husk Old men have to invent pleasures and passions. There is so much that they have left behind them for ever." " That is o very reasonable explanation of thc collector's mania, my dear father," answered Cyril, "but it is a great deal too carly in the day for you to begin to meditate upon the consolations of old age. The sun of Îour life is still in the meridian. Daisy and aro like the young birds, just peeping out of I our nests at thc rosy glow of dawn." {To be continued.) ' 