'WHEN" THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XVII.— (Continued.) The flunkey was at Do MaUort's elbow now. He snatched a tankard from the salver, and flung the contents across tho table, straight at Fareham's face. "This bully forces mo to spoil his Point de VeniSQ, no saiu, coolly, as no set down tne tan- kard "There should bo a law for chaining up rabid curs that have run mad without provoca tion." Fareham sprang to his feet, black and terrible, but with a savage exultation in his countenance. The wine poured in a red stream from his point- lace cravat, but had not touched his face. "There shall bo something redder than Bur gundy spilt before we have done," he said. "Sacro nom, nous sommcs tombes dans un Autre dc betes sauvages,"' exclaimed Masaroon, starting up, and anxiously examining tho skirts of bis brocade coat, lest that sudden deluge had caught him. "None of your French to show your flne breeding," growled the old cavalier. "Fareham, you deserved tho insult; but one red will wash out another. I'm with your lordship." "And I'm with Do Maifort," said Masaroon. "Ho had more than enough provocation " "Gentlemen, gentlemen, no bloodshed!" cried Lady Lucretla; "or, if you are going to be un- civl to each other, for God's sake get me to my chair. I have a husband who would never forgive me if it were said you fought for my sake." "Wo will see you safely disposed of, madam, before we begin our business," said Colonel Dan gerfield, bluntly. ''Fareham, you can take the lady to her chair, while Masaroon and I dis cuss " "There is no need of discussion," interrupted Fareham, hotly. "We have nothing to arrange — nothing to wait for. Time, the present; place, the garden, under these windows; weapons, the swords we wear. We shall have no witnesses but the moon and stars. It is the dead middle of the night, and we have the world all to our selves." "Give me your sword, then, that I may com pare it with the count's. You are satisfied, monsieur? 'TIs you that are tho challenger, and Lord Fareham has the choice of weapons." "Let him choose. I will fight him with can- non—or with soap-bubbles," answered De Mai fort, lolling back In his chair, tilted at an anglo of forty-five, and drumming a gay dance tune with his finger-tips on the table. " Tls a foolish ombroglio from first to last; and only his lordship and I know how foolish. He came here to pro voke a quarrel, and I must indulge him. Come, Lady Lucretia," he turned to his fair friend, as ho unbuckled his sword and flung it on the table, "it is my place to lead you to your chair. Colonel, you and your friend will find me below stairs in front of the ITolboin Gate." "You are forgetting your winnings," remon strated the lady, pointing to the pile of gold. "The lackeys will not forget them when they clear the room," answered De Maifort, putting her hand through his arm, and leaving the money on the table. Ton minutes later, Fareham and De Maifort were standing front to front in the glare of four torches, held by a brace of her ladyship's lackeys who had been impressed into the service, and the colder light of a moon that rode high in the bluo-black of a wintry heaven. There was not a sound but tho ripple of the unseen river, and the distant cry of a watchman in potty France, till tho clash of swords began. It was decided after a brief parley that tho principals only should fight. The quarrel was private. The seconds placed their men on a piece of level turf, five paces apart. They wore bare-headed, and without coat or vest, the lace ruflles of their shirt sleeves rolled back to the elbow, tlieir naked arms ghastly white, their faces suggesting ghost or devil as the spectral moonlight or the flame of tho flambeaux shone upon them. "You mean business, so wo may sink the parade of tho fencing saloon," said Daugerfield. "Advance, gentlemen." "A pity," murmured Masaroon, "thero is no thing prottier than the salute 'a la Francaisc.' " Dangerfield handed tho men their swords. They were nearly similar in fashion, both flat- groovod blades, with needle points, aud no cut ting edge, furnished with shell-guards and cross bars in the Italian style, and were about of a longth. Tho word was given, and the business of en gagement began slowly and warily, for a few moments that seemed minutes; and then tho blades were firmly joined in carte, and a series of rapid feints began, Do Maifort having a slight advantage in the neatness of his circles, and the swiftness of his wrist play. But in these prelimin ary lunges and parries ho soon found he needed all his skill to dodge his opponents's point; for Fareham's blade followed his own, steadily and strongly, through every turn. Do Maifort had begun the fight with an inso lent smile upon Ills lips, the smile of a man who believes himself invincible, while Fareham's countenance never changed from the black anger that had darkened it all that night. It was a face that meant death. A man who had never been a duellist, who had raised his voice sternly against the practice of duelling, stood there intent ujion bloodshod. There could be no mis take as to his purpose. Tho quarrel was an ar tificial quarrel— the object was murder. Dc Mtffort, provoked at tho unexpected strength of Fareham's fence, attempted a partial disarmament, after tho deadly Continental me thod. Jpining his opponent's blade near the point, from a wide circular parry, he made a rapid 1 thrust in seconde, carrying his forte Uo entire lengtii of ' Fareham's blade, alipost wrenching the sword from his grasp, una then, in the next instant, reaching forward ti his fullest stretch, he lunged at his enemy's breast, aiming at the vital region of the heart— a thrust that must have proved fatal had not Farchlm sprung aside, and so received the blow wheiu the sword only grazed his ribs, in- fllctiug a (flesh wound that showed red upon the whiteness of the shirt. Dangerfield toro off his cravat) and wanted to bind it' round his principal's wrist, but Fareham repulsed him, and his gloomy, anger, lashed into hot fury by the Frenchman's uneavalier-llko ruse, met his thrusts wiift a deadly purpose, which drovo Dc Maifort reckless to lunging and riposting, and .the play gtew fast and fierce, while the rattle of steel seemed never likely to end, until, tim ing his attack to tho fraction of a second, Faro- ham droppql on his left knee, and, planting his left hand <tpon tho ground, sont a murderous thrust in Girtouche home undor Do Malfort's guard, whoie blade passed harmlessly over his adversary's pead as he crouched on the sward. De Malfnif, fell swooning in the arras of tho two seconds,1 who both sprang to his assistance. "Is it fatll?" asked Fareham, standing mo tionless as stone, while tho other men knelt on either side o| De Maifort, "I'll run for a surgeon," said Masaroon. "Thoro's a follow I know of this side of the Abbey— mends bloody noses and paints black eyes," and id was off, running across tho grass to' tho ncare gate. "It looks flaguily like a coflln," Farcbam said, Hi a gloomy, expressionless voice. "It looks vloundy like a coflln," Dangerfield answered, wit his hand on tho wounded man's breast. "Thoip's throbbing here -yet, but hn may bleed to death, like Lindsey, before surgery can help hinij You had better run, Fareham. Take horse to povcr, ad get across to Calais or Ostond. You vero provoking. It might go hard with you If ho was to die." "I shall not budge, Dangerfield. Didn't you hear me say I wanted to kill him? You might guess I didn't 'care a east of the dico for my life when I ssjui as much. Lot them find it murder, and lung me. I wanted him out of the world, und don't caro how soon I follow." "You are mat— stark, staring mad." The wounded aian raised himself on his elbow, groaning aloud |u the agony of movement, aud beckoned Fareham, who knelt down beside him, all of a piece, dike a stone figure. "Fareham, you had better run; I have powerful friends. There'll be an ugly stir If I die of this bout. Kiss me, mon ami, I forgive you. I know what wound rankled; 'twas for your wife's sister you fought — not the cards." Ho sank into Dangerfleld's arms, swooning from loss of blood, as Masaroon camo back at a run, bringing a surgeon, an elderly man of that Alsation class which is to be found out of bed in the small hours. He brought styptics and bandages, and at once set about staunching the wound. While this was happening, a curtain had been suddenly pulled aside at an upper window in Lady Castlemaine's lodgings, showing a light within. The window was thrown up, and i figure appeared, clad in a white satin night gown, that glistened in the moonlight, with a deep collar of ermine, from which the handsom est face in London looked across the garden, to the spot where Fareham, the seconds, and the surgeon were grouped about De Maifort. It was Lady Castlemaine. She leant out of the window and called to them, "What has happened? Is anyone hurt? I'll wager a thousand pounds you devils have been fighting." "De Maifort is stabbed," Masaroon answered. "Not dead?" she shrieked, leaning further out of the window. "No; but it looks dangerous." "Bring him into my house -this instant, I'll send my fellows to help. Have you sent for a surgeon?" "The surgeon is here." The radiant figure vanished like a vision in the skies, and in three minutes a door was heard opening, and a yoice calling, "John, William, Hugh, Peter, every man Jack of you! Lazy devils! There's been no time for you to fall asleep since the company left. Come, stir, aud out with you." "We had best levant, Fareham" muttered Dangerfield, and drew away his principal, who went with him, silent and unresisting, having no more to do there — not to fly the country, how ever, but to walk quietly home to Fareham House, and to let himself In at the garden door, known to the household as bis lordship's. CHAPTER XVIII— REVELATIONS. Lord Fareham stayed in his own house by the Thames, and nobody interfered with his liberty, though Henri de Maifort lay for nearly a fortnight between life and death, and it was only in the beginning of December that ho was pronounced out of danger, and was able to be removed from Lady Castlemaine's luxurious rooms to his own lodgings. Scandal-mongers might have made much talk of his lying ill in her ladyship's house, and being tenderly nursed by her, had not Lady Castlemaine outlived the possibility of slander. It would have been as difficult for her name to acquire any blacker stain as for a damaged repu tation to wash itself white. The secret of the encounter had been faithfully kept by principal and seconds, De Maifort behaving with a chival rous generosity. He appeared, indeed, as anxious for his antagonist's safety as for his own re covery. "It was a mistake," he said, when Masaroon pressed him with home questions. "Every man is mad once in his life. Fareham's madness took an angry turn against an old friend. Why, we slept under tho same blanket in the trenches before Dunkirk; we rode shoulder to shoulder through the rain of bullets at Chatillon; and to pick a trumpery quarrel with a brother-in arms!" "I wonder the quarrel was not picked earlier," Masaroon .answered, bluntly. "Your courtship of the gentleipan's wife has been notorious for the last five years." "Call it not courtship, Ralph; Lady Fareham and I are old playfellows. We were reared in the pays du tendre, lovcland — the kingdom of inno cent attachments and pure penchants, that country of which Mademoiselle Scudcry has given us laws and a map. Your vulgar London lover cannot understand platonics— the affection which is satis fied with a smile or a madrigal. Faroliara knows his wife and me better than, to doubt us." "And yet he acted like a man who was madly jealous. His rudeness at the card-table was obvious malice aforethought. Ho came resolved to quarrel." "Ay, he cams to quarrel — but not about his wife." Pressed to explain this dubious phrase, Do Mai fort affected a fit of langor, and would talk no more. Tho town was told that the Com to de Maifort was 111 of a quartain fever, and much was said about his sufferings during tho Fronde, his ex posure to damp and cold in the sea marshes by Dunkirk, his rough faro and hard riding through the war of the Princes. This fever, which hung about him so long, was an after-conscqxienco of hardships suffered in his youth — privations faced with a boyish recklessness, and which ho had paid for with an impaired constitution. Fine ladies in gilded chairs, and othor fine ladies in hackney coaches, called frequently at his lodgings in St. Jaines's-street to inquiro about his pro gress. Lady Fareham's messenger was at his door every morning, and brought a note, or a book, or a piece of new music from her ladyship, who had been sternly forbidden to visit her old friend in person. "You grow every day a gloomier tyrant!" Hyacinth protested, with more passion in her voieo and mien than ever her husband had known. "Why should I not go to hira when lie is 111 — dangerously ill— dying perhaps? He is my old, old friend. I remember no joy in life that ho did not share. Why should I not go to him in his sorrow?" "Because you arc my wife, and I forbid you! I cannot understand this passion. I thought you suffered the company of that empty- headed fop as you suffered your lap-dogs— the trivial ap pendage of a fine lady's state. Had I supposed that there was anything serious in your liking— that you could think him worth anger or tears I should have ordered your life differently, aud ho would have had no place in it." "Tyrant! tyrant!" "You astound mo, Hyacinth! Would you dls- puto the favors of a fop with your youug Bis ter?" "With my sister!" she cried scornfully. "Ay, with your sister, whom ho has courted assiduously, but with no honorable motive! I have seen his designs." "Well, perhaps you are right. Ho may caro for Angela — and think her too poor to marry." "He is a traitor and a villain " "Oh, what fury! Marry my sister to Sir Den- zil, and then she will be safe from all pursuit! Ho will bury her alive in Oxfordshire— withdraw her for ever from this wicked town— like poor Lady Yarborough in Cornwall." "I will nover ask her to marry a man she cannot love." "Why not? Are not you and I a happy couple? and how much love had wo for each other before wo married? Why, I scarco know the color of your eyes; and if I had mot you in tho street, I doubt If I should have recognised you! And now, after thirteen years of matrimony, we are at our first quarrel, and that no lasting one. Come, Fareham, bo pleasant and yielding. Lot me go and see my old playfellow. I am heartbroken for luck of his company, for fear of his death." Slio hung upon him coaxingly, the bright blue eyes looking up at him— eyes that had so often been compared to Madame de Longucvillo's, oyes that had smiled and beamed in many a song and madrigal— by the poets of the Hotel de Rambouil- let. She was exquisitely pretty in her youthful coloring of lilies and roses, bluo eyes, and palo gold hair, aud retained at thirty almost all tho charms and graces of eighteen. Fareham took hor by both hands and hold her away from him, severely scrutinising a face which ho had always been able to admire as calmly as if it had been on canvas. "You look like an innocent woman," he said, "ami I have always believed you a good woman; and have trusted my honor in your keeping— have seen that man fawning at your feet, singing and sighing in your ear, and have thought no evil. But now that you have told me. as plainly as woman can speak to man, that this Is the man you love, and have loved all your life, there must needs enmo an cud to tho sighing and singing. You and Henri de Maifort must meet no more. Nay, look uot such angry scorn. 1 impute no I guilt, but between Innocence and guilt there need bo but one passionate hour. Tho wife goes out an honest woman, able to look her husband in tho face as you are looking at me; the wanton comes home, and the rest or her life is a shame ful lie. And the husband awakes some day from his dream of domestic peace to discover that he has been long the laughing stock of tho town. I will be no such fatuous husband. Hyacinth. I will wait for no second warniug." (To be continued.) 