.NOVEL. 4 He Troublesome Lady. j , & — - - j BY PATM STAPLET08. ; CHATTER Uv=>Coimmmn L cLon.'t know "wnat I cll3j4 she said \- i dazedly. ' Maybe because X rode my pony i down past bere, and Louis tote him. Or A Annette. He was drunk and aglj when he , % struck mo and kicked Stye out of the way. Jskye tried to bite him, and I interfered. 'A Then I think I fainted, for I woke on my 1 bed all hnrt and bewildered. Ann site came .j creeping in, sort of seared, and said he was sorry and had gone off to the village, bnt I pushed her oat and locked the door. When -:j ha came hack and they were playing cards X .s olimbed down over the roof and ran here across the fields, not in the road, — a long, «S dreadful way; Now you seem as if yon \- were sorry I came!' She reached down, lifted her dog to her lap, and hid her face in its coat. " I only cared for your sake,' ha answered, softly. When she bent her head he could see the crnel marka on her throat, and she still Sobbed as she spoke. Was ever man so placed P He almost wished the coward who had struck her would come, that he could meet him ; then reason told him he had no right to Battle this woman's quarrel. . He wished she were his sister ; bat did he in his. heart P How girlish and fair she was in the firelit room 1 Fop a moment a fierce desire to keep hei' there, to defend her, swept over him. Then he said, almost coldly, — 1 Will they not miss you, Mrs. de I BestaudP' 'Not that!' she cried, piteously. 'Call Minny. I don't want to hear his name ! Se never comes to my. room when he has them there, you know, and he has told me nover to open my door ; so I am safe until morning. X prayed all the way you'd be here and alone. I mew yon conld tell me how to get to the railroad. I saw away across the mils your light, and how I ran then ! I knew your dog; would not hurt me, hut I was afraid of cows ; there were some lying down, and they . got up as I ran past, and X screamed right out, X was so soared. X watched you sitting here through the Win dow, your dog at 'your feet. You looked so good and kind, I felt J could go right in and tell yon ; perhaps you had a sister who died, or some one yon loved ; and you would hate - fco think they should go back to that dread-. fnl place, and you would think me alone and friendless, and help me.' She went' to hirri'aiid clung to his arm, trembling and sobbing. 'You will not send me back ? you will uot send me back ?' ' You know I "will not ; but what shall I . do, if any one should see you here ? Don't cry like that; I can't think what to do. Try to be brave. She lifted her -tear-wet face. 1 If yon knew my life for two years, Mr. Oliver, you would think I had been brave. It is not fear that makes me cry now, only that you are Mud and there is some one in the wide world who will help me;' ' Now sit down again,' he said, drawing the chair up for her. ' Let us plan what to do. Where is your aunt now ?' ' 3-n Newcastle, Maine, my dear old home. . . She is my father's sister, and lives there all alone. - She was out to visit me, bat she and Henri quarrelled | she is a great big woman, and she slapped him, — oh',- I. .was so glad !' vindictively,—, and he just went into fits about it, the insult to the family honor. She thought, though, because I was married I must make the best of things ; she's a mem ber of the Orthodox church back there, and they are very particular. I thought you Could take me to the railroad and lend me the money to pay my fare ; he has all my money, you know, and never gives me any, — for fear, I snppose, I would run away. . But Aunt Hannah will pay you : she's awfully honest, hut she wants her' due to the last farthing ; that's New England, you know.' She half smiled, and leaned back in the chair comfortably. The ridiculous dog was fast asleep after his trials. Oliver thought it not unlikely Mrs. de Reataud would take a nap too. He went Bwiftly and woke up Miko and sent Iiim for his horses and the buekboa-d. Mike looked out of the corner of. his eye at the young woman ; he knew who she was, for he was an observing youth, and he whistled softly to himself while he harnessed the mettlesome horses. Oliver saw the look, and felt the first cold water of the world's criticism. 'Now, the money question need not bother you at all, he said, coming back to her side. You see, .I'm a well-to-do old bachelor, with no demands upon me. "When you get to Maine you can send it back or not, just as you please. X owe you some- thing for that supper, you know.' ' That supper you had to gobble for fear of Henri? Wasn't it funny ?' . ' A case of hoy and frogs : what was fun to you was death to me.' 1 You were not afraid a bit,' she said, looking up with admiring eyes. 'I have thought of you so much since that day, and I always pictured you afraid of nothing and doing all sorts of brave acts.' Oliver had a very uncomfortable feeling that he was decidedly afraid this moment of what the world would say. He could even. fancy Doctor John's cool incredulous glance, -'yV: " ; . ; .- _ - - ' .. : and his 'Craig, haven't yon had lessons enough in the past?' and 'It's & daug ©rons path, old toy/ Toil flX'3 V6ty kmd lliinlr me afc ally he said, distantly, ' And, now, haven't yon a hat?" ' Ho, nor a shawl. I'll ha a quasi'-Iooking traveller.' ' That Tut'kkh dressing -gcvwn. tlxe — Could ikai to -used as an ulster?' ' It might by- a lunatic. Perhaps X WUte pla-y that,' she said, hopefully. . ' Leave that for IDO, MrS,. MiTITiJ,' 2Uglied Oliver ; Doctor John will think after this I need play it. That cap of his,— ha don't look human in it, hut you might try 1 . ' I have, be&tl; locking at it . Does it , do ?' putting it coquettlshly over ber curls. ' Very becoming. You could he eccentric, you know, and prefer - to make your Own bats-, for - that has a home-made look. Them, I believe he has a shawl. Doctor John iB a regular old maid, luckily for us.' He brought her a thiok gray shawl, which hs draped over her shoulders. It quite covered her, and she looked very small and odd. . ' You look like a: child in its big sister's clothes,' Oliver said, abruptly leaving her. He was not made of iron, and Bho kept, look ing at him with happy affectionate eyes. ' Haven't you a shawl-pin V ' How conld I, when I. had no shawl ?' she . laughed. 'Do yon think women are pin -cushions?' Hh departed and rummaged around in bis room then be returned in triumph with a diamond scarf -pin. 1 ' 's"m?K?fi-2Tc£o_fhit atrocity ? it woil for the shawl.' ' I am glad to take it away heeause a WCman gave it to you. I bate to think of anybody else liking you. Is Doctor John a young man?' Oliver thought she was either an experi enced flirt or the most innocent of yonng persons, but her Using was so honest and apparent be felt tbe better for it. No, Mrs. Minny; he is an old ohap, like me. ' Besides, I'm twenty myself.' Se 'PUt On hlfl Overcoat in silence, and turned out the lamp. . Most the dog go 9' he asked, resignedly. ; 'Of course- I would die without him.' : Mike was waiting with the horses. ' Where will I he afther tellin the doctor ye've gone, sor?' he asked, calmly as if a midnight elopBmenfc was not unusual.' ' Tell him,' said Oliver, thoughtfully, ' that Mrs. de Bestaud came to me for assistance to get to the railroad, and I took her there ; there was nothing else to do. He mufit say nothing if De Eestaud comes, and keep Mm from hading out, if possibla, that I helped his: wife. I trust to your Irish wit, Mike , to send Mm away from the cabin In tbO dark. ' If I can make it I will be back hare by noon to-morrow.' ' „f The greaser livw' foreninst tiio wathar- tank have a good haven, eor,? said Mike, as ha OautiGUsly released tbe horses' .beads and they started down the road at a prallop. Tke night was warm and pleasant ; the chinook hlew from far sun- wanned plftinB, and myriads of stare pieroed the darkness. Tbe road was fairly good, though seldom travelled, and lay mostly on an incline towards the plains. It took all Oliver's strength to hold the horses, shut in for a day or two and headed for Denver, where they keenly remembered the comforts of oats and « .11-. .1. 1.1 . "BY J. 1 1 I_ J xl 1 f_ ii city Btauie. jn.ru. uw xw«s waua. as tne duck- board swung around often touched him ; she caught bis arm once with a little cry as they plunged into a hollow ; hut ho talked dis tantly of her journey, restraining any affectionate confidences on her part with references to the absent Aunt Hannah. . She would go to Colorado Springs; the train passed through there ; she had a friend, — a poor woman — well, their washerwoman, when she and mamma. lived there that winter ; and this washerwoman was really a nice lady, who could buy her some proper clothes. ' But the money !' she cried, in dismay. ' Have you got any with you ?' . They were going up a hill, the horses panting heavily. Oliver took a roll of. bills and pat them in her hand. As his fingers met hers, every nerve in his frame thrilled. ' This seems a great doal,' ehe said, timidly. Perhaps Aunt Hannah would not. like to pay so much.' ' You need not spend it all, Mra. Minny, then ; and, besides, the bills are small : that's what makes them seem so many. Now please put them carefully in yonr pocket, and don't let the dog chew them.' She laughed merrily. ' Of course not, you goose.!. Oh, this ride is lovely ! . I never saw horses go so fast. Even if he should follow us you would not let him take me.' She cliing to his arm, but he freed himself gently. ' I have, to drive, you know,' he said, coldly. He meant to do or say. nothing that the whole world should not know, but it was very hard to be distant,- sbe seemed, such a child. He felt she cowered away from him at his words, hurt and frightened, but he forced himself to he silent. At last she said timidly,— . ' I know you hate me, and I seem to realise all at once you are a stranger ; and I have asked of you more than one should even re quire from an old, old friend.' . ' Please, Mra. Minny, don't. I am silent because I'm thinking of your journey, if we should miss the train, if the washerwoman should be dead or moved, — for washerwomen are migratory, — n even Aunt iiannan snooid fail you.' 'But the town will be there, and Mr. Perkins, the depot-master, is a neighbor ; his wife takes care of Aunt Hannah's cat and parrot when she goes visiting.' ' That, of course, alters things.' ' The only thing I fear from Aunt Hannah,' she said, dubiously, 'is a long moral lecture about the duties of married women and their having chosen a path-rshe says parfch. ; they do d6wn .thfire — and ought" . to walk in it. She wouldn't let me run away with herself. . ' Show her your bruises,' Oliver said, hoarsely. ' >" ' I will ; for she told me if he struck me I could come to her ; and sometimes, honeBtly, Mr. Oliver, I used to tease him 80 he would and I might have my chance.' Oliver whistled softly under his breath : he would not have liked.Doctor John to hear that last speech. ' Yon must not tell her,' he said, quickly, ' about this ride and coming to my house.' ' Why not? I would like her to know how good you were.' There was no need, but he slashed his horses angrily ; then he said, curtly, ' I am sorry you cannot understand. Could you explain it satisfactorily to Mr. de Reshaud ?' ' How cross you are ! and I know you look just as you did when I talked mean about him, — a sort of disgusted impatience. But he is not a reasonable being. Other people may be. ' Would you have gone to those amiable friends of his for assistance to get to the railroad ?' Of course not. You know that. 1 Well, how is the world to know I am any better?' ' I suppose being a lawyer makes you so smart,' she said, in a melancholy tone ; she assured her dog in a whisper he was the only being who loved her, her only friend ; that she was silly and frivolous, Aunt Hannah said, and seemed to he a great trouble to mere strangers of good dispositions. Oliver . said never a word : a little smile curved his lips, but he did not turn his head. Soon she grew quiet, and her head dropped against his shoulder, the soft wind lifting her curls to blow across his cheek. The dog, ornamented with the doctor's cap, slept in her lap. Across the level land before them crept the gray glimmer of the dawn. Rose-coloured light flamed in the far east, reflecting on the I new snow on distant mountain-peaks'. Prairie -dogs hopped out of their holes and. fiat On their hind legs disonssing local politics and happenings, the bill to abolish rea rents for rattlesnakes, and. tbe extortions of homed owls, The Slsye terrier disnstedlj flung off the doctor's cap &Bd; harked angrily , at the email dogs. Mrs. do Eestaud lifted her head with a little start , Washed, and slapped theSkyo tmkvt ' ' ' ' " ' Do be quiet, Skye, — X am afraid X tired you, Mr, Ollyer,' So WOtlld have liked to say a sweet thing . to her, — r-to most women he would, — but his role now was that of benevolent friend - so he only answered vaguely, Not at all,' ft8.il he aia not know to what Bho referred, The hereeB dragged themselves wearily forward ; It was mx o'clock, and they had come fifty miles over a difficult road in less than aqvou hours. Two parallel lines of iron stretched far in the distance : the clumsy outline of a water-tank loomed up 3ust ahead. The goal was reached, and away in the north a ribbon of smoke outlined on the sky proclaimed the coming train. Oliver lifted Mre. de ReBtaud down. Skye rushed madly to the hole of a venturesome prairie-dog. who had taken Hp a residence near the tank and was out enjoy ing the morning air. The .terrier fonnd only vanishing shadow and vented his annoyance at this and all tho other vagrant dogs in shrill barks. Hifi mistrees was vastly amused : ;the strangeness of her undertaking had quite goue out of ber head. Oliver, in some concern, gftye her adriOC regaling her journey ; he was uncertain of his horses about the train, hy their heads LAO. Mra Minny frisked about . . lii V'l — 1 it i a t . « .ilttk rxec dog, esxxtaroiy coxmdeiit ner amicm- ies "were over. c You. must send me y?QT$, PeHTd TfiPD you go to iviaino,' ho said, 4 and to 'Sure ato make no acquaintances on the cars.' ' One would think I was just out of board ing school.' « Tho primary dopartmen t,' ho said, crassly. I ' I wish 3 OU would he reasonable and listen a moment. I shall tell the conductor you are one of a camping-party' and your mother 18 ill at Colorado Springs— that JOU had tO leave in such a hurry to catch the train yOU. had no time to get ready. If I mnst tell wrong stories for you, Mrs. Minny, pleasa don't make me out in a lie the first thing.7 'How good von are!' aha said, softly. ' I shall never, never forget what you have done for me. I shall say to myself, Minny, you may ha frivolous — Aunt Hannah says as unstable as water — but one big handsome man is your friend and always will he. ' Always, Mrs. Minny, to the end of my life.' The rush of the near train terrified his horses almost heyond control, and he was obliged to send her for the conductor whan the train : stopped for water. The obliging Official Showed no Surprise at Oliver's inge- IliOUB StOVy '. ho was usad to camping parties. So imparted the welcome news -that the state room was vacant — Bhe conld have that — and accepted two fine cigars, 'My daughter is UUUBOd tO travelling alone,' Oliver eivid, gravely ; 'so will you telegraph for a carriage to meet her at the Springs, and see that she gets oat at tha right place ?' . The conductor would bo vary happy to ObligO. Then the young lady asked meekly if a dog, a very little one, might also ride in tho state-room. 1 He might,' said the official, if hidden nuder a shawl ; for if this precaution iS HOt taken, on tho next trip all the women in the tram wm oe Drmging along their nogs. And I guess it's time to get aboard.7 tiood-by,' said" Oliver, holding out his hand. Mrs. . Minny picked up her dog ; with it under one arm, she took Oliver's hand, reached up, - and shamelessly kissed him, a ghost of a kiss touching Jiis cheek. ' Good-by, papa,' she called, running to the car, and from the step waved farewell until the train vanished in the distance. Oliver, as he drove along the road by the track in search of the Mexican who had the good horse, was almost dazed. He could not forget that farewell. He was haunted hy the presence of tho little lady of the Trouble some. He had not returned the kiss — well, there was no time— but how thoughtless, in front of the train ! and was there ever an other woman like her? He had never Been one. Trjing as she was all that long . way, could any man have played the role of honest friend better ? ' Not even Doctor John,' said Oliver. CHAPTER HI. Monsieur de Restaud . looked up from his cards as the chill gray of dawn stole in the window. ' Heavens !' be muttered, ' what a night I've had !' He pushed the chips away, for he had been a heavy loser, and staggered to his feet. He flung the banker at the game a roll of bank notes and fumbled in Ms pockets for gold. The villainous faces of his four companions looked sallow and hideous after the long hours. His own head was aching, his mouth dry and parched. He leaned out of the window, drinking in the fresh chill air as icy water. The room behind him was foul with cigar- smoke and the smell of dregs of liquor in many glasses. ' Go to bed,' he said, weariedly : ' you know your rooms. I've played enough, and you're all winners ; you ought to be content.' One man muttered about giving him a chance, but De Reataud shook his head im patiently, and they all went away. 4 T was n >1tt fn rhfi lifflA crirl laqf r»in»hf 9 D© ReBtaud said, kali aloud. 1 Wkat did X do? Odd, I can't remember. I wish she would keep away from me when I'm not myself. She has no more sense about some things than a child. I'll go see her.' He tried her door : no sound, not even the angry bark of her inseparable companion. ' I wonder if I killed the dog when I kicked it. Wish I had ; but she'd never forgive me. She riding down the road to see that fellow — thinks of him all the time. I know in my heart she's as innocent as a child about it, just out of school when I married her, hut he will think she's like' other women and take her nonsense in earnest. A man of the world, evidently. He had better keep out of my way. Those boorish Americans — he has a fist like a blacksmith,' He went muttering down the corridor to his own room, and flung himself, still dressed on his bed. The house was silent for hours. Annette in the L went softly about her work, Monsieur was so dreadful if -awakeded. Louis currying the horses in the corral scarce spoke above a whisper, but taciturnity bad become a habit with him. The' poultry, however, clucked merrily in. the baok vard' the gobbler gave bis views, and tbe "hens, women -like, cackled about it, while the ducks enjoyed the bonanza .of deep mud and pools after the rain. 