NEWS FROM COOL GARDIE . + (By Parramatta). I By the time this letter sees the light of publication the month of February, 1896, will be abotit numbered with the past. Before its advent many persons with ex perience of summer seasons in Coolgardie predicted this month would he one of un- usual heat. Their predictions have not been verified, and this affords another exemplification of the truth of one pf Josh Billings' humorous sayings : " It is wise not to prophecy till you know." The month certainly did open with unusual warmth, but it soon gave way to a severely cold snap, which is still continuing, and warm clothing and heavy overcoats have supplanted the light and airy costumes ! which have so long been a' prevailing fea ture in these regions. During the con tinuance of the aforesaid cold snap, keen and cutting winds have prevailed, princi pally from' the south-east quarter of. the compass, and the heavens have been over cast with lowering clouds, which threatened a downpour of rain momentarily, but beyond being visited by a few Scotch mists," the usual dry weather has remained unbroken. # # I have not had the experience of a Cool- bardie winter, but if the recent arctic temperature is a foretaste of it, then it will bo very necessary to take all precautions against the rigorous time which will be at hand shortly. I am informed that the winters here are remarkably cold (I got this from an old pioneer)— so much so, indeed, that on some occasions it is neces sary to warm the water bags before the limpid liquid can he obtained wherewith to boil the matutinal " billy." # # # I have dilated at some length upon the aspects of the weather, present and pros pective, in order to afford intending pil grims to the shrine of gold some idea as to what tliey may .expect upon arrival here, and consequently be prepared to cope with climatic vicissitudes. # # # The cold weather has started the tent- dwellers into activity, and on every hand people are making preparations for more comfortable quarters— every man accord ing to his means— thus calico is being substituted for hessian, and, iron for calico, and brick for iron. The sound of the hammer and the saw is heard tliroug 1- out the land, not only by day, but far into the night, and not excepting Sunday— which is the day ixpon which the frugal workman avails himself of the little leisure at his disposal to effect necessary improvements to his humble dwelling. And therein he is at least usefully etn- ployed, though strict Sabbatarians may seek to chide for so doing. In my humble opinion, the man who employs himself on Sunday in improving his domestic sur roundings stands out m noble contrast with the besotted fool who spends the seventh day sneaking surreptitious y into " shipoo " shanties and there filling himself up with vile compounds, which are hog- wash, and they who consume it are onlv a little above the condition of hogs. I ins is, perhaps, a hard thing to nay, but I do not think I am straying far from the region of truth in the saying of it. In another respect the present month is a notable one. The mines have been in work some weeks, and already expectant people are wanting to know when the great Boom is going to commence, which was predicted for this year. I am afraid _ they will have to contain themselves m patience for some considerable time before the bom is plainly visible to the naked eye. That it is setting steadily in is apparent to those who are in a position to know, but the reason that it is not coming with the rush of a tidal wave is due to several causes which are not hard to find. The para mount obstacle is the want of railway communication with the fields. Until the iron horse is here very little will be done. Although thousands of miners have been absorbed during the past few weeks, still many leaseholders are moving heaven and earth to obtain further exemptions from work. They want to delay everything until the railway is here, in order to save the costly item of freightage by team. And when machinery.— of which there are manv thousands of tons lying at Fro»ia"tJo arrives it has to be erected, which take. tirne before the stampers can get to work, and then will come the time of boom oi— - collapse. It is the battery which must sound the advance of the boom- # ' # Speaking of the demand for exemption. Warden Finnerty, of Coolgardie, has state I that he will not grant any more exemptions, except under the most necessitous circum stances. In taking this course he is acting uerfectly properly, and setting an example that might well be followed by brother wardens in other parts of the field. link there are significant rumours afloat to the offect that whilst influential leaseholder can obtain the desired pe,»pt;ion-it not through the wardens, then tlp-ongh lb'- Department of Mines—the uninflueuli;i t ones are compelled to iidni'ie strictly uj the conditions of their leasehold. If true, there is nothing singular in this. The man with the distended paunch is ever able to pull the wires and Government marionettes, who are compelled to move in his interests. # . I do not know whether you have a news paper known as Hannan's Herald on the exchange list of the W. A. Record. If not, it is certainly a far greater loss to the former than the latter journal. The Herald is an unique paper in its way, both from a literary and typographical stand point ; in fact, all the newspapers in the Coolgardie district are unique in one way or another. Well, the Herald published a little three-line paragraph the other day, and when I read it all my sympathy went out for poor " Anglicanus," who will be remembered as the small-souled bigot who tried in vain to set the sectarian ghost walking in Coolgardie. a few weeks back. I quote in full: — "A meeting of the Catholic Church committee will be held this evening, at Quigley's Club Hotel, at 8 p.m." There now. This unregenerate newspaper has actually omitted to prefix the title " Roman," but perhaps the Herald is beginning to think, with many others, that the Roman Catholic Church is indeed the Catholic Church. # # # Some of the Eastern newspapers have been commenting somewhat severely upon the habit of using indecent language audibly in the public thoroughfares of Coolgardie, and have attempted to ear-mark one particularly offensive expression as indigenous to West Australia. In this latter particular they are wrong. It is an English-born adjective, and was im ported to W. A. via the Eastern colonies, where the exotic flourished in its foulness years before Bayley's footprints pressed the sands of the desert. That the vent of audible expressions of obscenity, indecency, and profanity iB rife in the public streets of Coolgardie is only too true. Nor is this iuexcusable habit confined to the lower classes alone. Those who should, and do, know better, are also addicted to the foul usance. There are men (?) here who, whilst residents in the east, would hesitate to use language offensive to ears polite, now seem to delight in throwing off all re straint and decending to the level of a blackfellow, expose their innate savage- ness by interlarding their - ordinary con versation with filthy adjectives and un- namable nouns. 