GILBERT AND SULLIVAN'S LATEST. "THE GRAND DUKE, OR THE STATUTORY DUEL." (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, March 14— Do the GUbertlan quip3 and and topsy-turveyisms be gin to pall upon our sober middle-aged, pa lates, or is the elaborate artificial humor which delighted us In 'The Sorcerer" In 1877 a little thinner than it used to he? I eon- foes I think both things are true. "Tho Grand Duko" seems more like a rehash of very old materials than a novelty, and des pite finished workmanship, Mr. Gilbert's mine of wit shows signs of petering out, Sir Arthur's music, too, struck mo much in the same way. It might have been scored from his recollections of tbe nine previous operas. Even the first night audience at the Savoy, packed a3 it was with friends of all concerned, grew thoroughly borod towards the close. The first act went well, and seem ed to promise a success of the usual dimen sions. But the long interval and attenuated incidents of the second wearied us all un speakably, and when at midnight the curtain finally fell, there was a disposition to be off without calling the three Savoyards. Ener getic friends, however, soon remedied this, and Mr. D'Oyiy Carte especially received cor dial congratulations on his convalescence. Since Saturday Mr. Gilbert h?s, I'm told, re duced and much improved act II. Of courae, in estimating this accomplished librettist's work, one can only compare Gil bert with Gilbert. At his worst he isinllcs in front of the writers of "Shop Girls" aud "Artist Models" and "Gaiety G!rl3." Conse quently, one finds plenty of good things to quote from "The Grand Duke." THE PLOT. Tho curtain rises on the MaFket Place of Spelsesaal. In tho Grand Duchy of Pfennig Halpfennig, where Ernest Dummkoff's thea trical company aro celebrating tbo marriage of Ludwig (chief comedian) and Lisa (sou- brette). The chorus (Gllbertian from the first) declare it to be a pretty wedding: — If her dress Is badly liltinc, Theirs tho fault who made her (rousssau. If her gloves are r.hvuy- splitting. Cheap kid Bioves. we know, will do ao. If her wreath is ail iop-sided, That's a tiling one's always dreading. If her hair is all untidicd. Still, it is a pretty wedding! Oh, It Is a pretty wedding! Such a pretty, pretty weddingl The wedding foast.however, Is being eaten "before" the ceremony, because the Grand Duke has selected this very day for a convo cation of all tho clergy In the town to settle the details of his approaching marriage with the enormously wealthy Baroness von Kra- konfeldt, and there will not he a parson to be had for love or money until 6 o'clock that night. The company are rather awkwardly placed, for a magnificent claslcal revival of "Troilus and Cresslda" is to be given at 7. Wo learn that the despot is to he de throned, an association having been formed for that purpose. The secret sign of the as sociation is explained: — By the mystic regulation Of our dark Association, Ere you open conversation With another kindred son!, You must cat a sausage- roll! And poor Ludwig groans that he has had to cat six sausage- rolls that day. Dumm- kopf, the theatrical manager, is to bo elected Grand Duke In Rudolph's stead, and he telle us if a man can rule a theatrical company- he can rule anything. Both A and B rehearsal slight; They say they'll be "all right at night. (They've both to go to school yet). O in each act must change her dress ; D wilt attempt to "square Jhe press;" E won't play Romeo unless Iila grandmother plays Juliet; F claims all hoydens as her rights (Silo's played them thirty seasons); And G must show herself In tight3 For two convincing reasons- Two very well-shaped reasons! Oh. tho man who can drive a theatrical team. With wheelers and leaders in order supreme, Call govern and rule, with a wave of ills fin, All Europe— with Ireland thrown In! So far, so good, hut the unfortunate Ludwig (admirably played by Rutland Bnrrington) gives literally the whole show away. Meet ing an affable person, who consumes three sausage-rolls in rapid succession, tho actor ac-sumcs he Is a conspirator, whereas, In point of fact, he's tho duke's detective. Ludwig (in song) relates how he confided every detail of the revolution: — Quito re- assured, I let him know Our plot— each Incident explaining; That stranger chuckled much, ao though Ho thought me highly entertaining. I told him all, Both bad and good; I hade him call. Ho said he would. I added much— the more 1 mucklod, The more that chuckling chummy chuckled! All (angrily) A bat could coe He couldn t be A chum of ours If ho chuckled! Duromkopt and his fiancee Julia are natural ly much annoyed. Not only are their pros pects of becoming Grand Duke and Grand Duchess spoilt, hut it seems probable the company may have to "exhibit their fairy forms all In a row, strung up upon the castle gib bet." A quarrel commences, but is solvee by a convenient notary, who suggests thai Dummkopt and Ludwig must fight a statu tory duel. None of the company bavin; heard of this convenient arangement, the notary explains that a century ago to "wipi out the duello," which had To sudden death, For want of breath, Sent may a strapping fellow. . the presiding Prince passed a special act shpH and compact. By this ingenious law, If any two shall quarrel. They may not fight' With falchions bright, (Which seemed to him immoral). But each a card shall draw, And he who draws the lowest Shall (so 'twas said) Be thenceforth dead— In fact, a legal "ghocst," (When exigence of rhyme compels, Orthography forgoes her epelis, And "ghost" is written "gboes"fc,/i The winner must adopt The loser's poor relatione, Dlacharge his debts, Pay all his bete, And take his obligations. In short, to briefly sum the ease, The winner takes tho loser's place With all its obligations. Lud.: I see. The man who drawe the lowest card ' Not.: Dies, "Ipso facto," a social death. He loses all hla civil rights; his identity disappears; the revising barrister expunges his name from tho list of voters, and the winner takes his place whatever it may be, discharges all his func tions, and adopts all his responsibilities. Em.: This is all very well, as far as it goes, but' It only protects onoof us. What'B to become of tho survivor? Lud.: Yes; that's ao interesting point, because I might be the survivor. Not. : Tho survivor goes at once to the Grand Duke, and In a burst of remorse denounces tho dead man an the moving spirit of the plot. He Is accepted as king's evidence, and, aa a mat ter of. course, receives a free pardon. To-mor row, when tho law expires, tho dead man will, "ipso facto," come to life again, tbe revising barrister will restore his name to the list of voters, and he will resume all his obligations as though nothing unusual had happened. Julia: When Jie will be at once arrested, tried, and executed on the evidence of the informer! Candidly, my friend, I don't think much of your plot! Not.: Dear, dear, dear, the ignorance of tho laity! My good young lady, it Is a beautiful maxim of our glorious constitution that a man can only dlo once. Death expunges crime, and when he comes to life again it will be with a clean slate. Ludwig wins the duel with Dummkopf, and in due course presents himsolf to Duke Ru dolph, a meanly-clad, half-«tarvod, sickly, depressed creature, who has just been ren dered extremely unwell by news of the con spiracy. He sings: — When you find you're a broken-down critter. Who is all of a trlmble and twitter. With your palate unpleasantly bitter, As If you'd just eaten a pill; When your legs are as thin as dividers, And you're plagued with unruly insiders, And your spine is all creepy with spiders, And you're highly gamboge in the gill; When your lips are all smeary— like tallow, And your tongue is decldeiy yellow, With a pint of warm oil in your swallow, And a pound of tin tacks in your chest; When you're down in the mouth with the va pors. And all over your new Morris papers Black beetles are cutting their capers, And crawly things never at rest; When you doubt if your head is your own, And you jump when an open door slams- Then you've got to a state which is known To the medical world as "Jim-Jams." If such symptoms you find In your body or head. They're not easy to quell. You may mako up your mind You are better in bed, For you're not at all well! Ludwig beghis to confess by avowing himself the most miserable man In bis Serene High- ness's dominions. Rud. (still sobbing): Yon, the most miserable man In my whole dominion? How can you have the face to stand there und say such a thing? Why. look at me! Look at me! (Bursts Into tears.) Lud.: Well. I wouldn't be a cry-baby. Uud.: A cry- baby? If you had just been told that you were going to be deposed to-morrow, and perhana blown up with dynamite for all I know, wouldn't you be a cry-baby? I do de clare, If I could only hit upon some cheap and painless method of putting an end to an exist ence which han become insupportable, 1 would unhesitatingly adopt H. Ludwig, with much presence of mind, pro poses a .statutory duel. The Duke agrees, but of course there must bo some pretence -of a quarrel to justify it. Lud.: Just to give color to the thing. Shall I give you a eound thrashing before ail the people? Say the word; Il's no trouble. Rud.: No, I thluk not; though it would be very convincing, and its extremely good and thoughtful of y6u to suggest it. Ultimately a mock statutory duel la fixed up (Ludwig having the aco up his sleeve), aud comes off beforo all. Ludwig, of course, wins, and becomes Grand Duke of Pfennig Halb Pfennig. THE SECOND ACT. Tbe schemes of Mr. Gilbert's books seldom differ. The first act creates topsy-turvey- dom. Tho second shows it in action. Lud- wlg's first proceeding as Grand Duke 13 to insist ou an attempt to revive the classic memories of Athens at its best by making everybody adopt the dress of the period. Tue song in which Ludwig details the scheme of this revival is one of the best in tho piece, though too long to quote. After describing how the ancient Greeks drank, he slugs:— Then came rather risky dances (under certain circumstances) Which would shock that worthy gentleman, the Licenser of Ulayr.. Corybantlan maniac kick— Dionyslac or Eac- And the DUhryaniblc revels of those undecorous days. (Confidentially to audience.) And. perhaps. I'd better mention, . Lest alarming you. I am. That it isn't' our intention To perform a Dithryamb. It displays a lot of .stocking. Which is always very shocking. And, of course, I'm only mocklug At the prevalence of "cram." Yes, on reconsideration, there are customs of that nation , Which are not in strict accordance with tho habits oF our day, And when I come to codify, their rulca I mean to modify, Or JJr.i. Grundy, p'r'aps, may have a word or tv/o to say. For they had'tit macintoshes, or umbrellas, or goloshes, And a shower with their dresses must have played the very deuce It must' have been unpleaslng when they caught a fit of sneezing. For, it seems, of pocket- handkerchiefs they didn't know the use. They wore littJe undorclothing— scarcely any thing—or :io-thing— And their dress of Coan silk was quite trans parent in design; Well, in fact, in summer weather, something like the "altogether," And it's "there," I rather fancy, I shall have to draw the line! The balance of this, act ia very thin, being mainly taken up witb Ludv/ig's discovery that he must marry both Julia and the vener able Baroness von Kralcenfeldt as the fian cees of the men he's killed in statutory duels. Finally, of course, the imbroglio i3 at the right moment solved by the discovery that the ace which won both duels is the lowest, not the bighesst, card, and counts only one. Rudolph consequently becomes Duke again, and pairs off with the Baroness, whilst Dummkopf and Julia, and Ludwig and Lisa are re- united. THE MUSIC AND PERFORMANCE. At first hearing, there do not seem to be many very catchy numbers in Sir A. Sulli van's score. The most popular will probably be the opening chorus, "Eloia! Opoponax," the herald's song "The Prince of Monte Car lo," Ludwig's "Classic Memories," and a madrigal on the statutory duel. "The Grand Duke" is s-plendidly mounted, and efficiently cast, Its most remarkable fea ture being a particularly strong chorus, which has a great deal to do. Rutland Har rington as Ludwig divides the "fat" with the new prima donna, Mdlle. Ilka von Pal- may, Mr. Walter Passraore (who has suc ceeded to the Grossmith parts) being the Grand Duke Rudolph, and Mr. C. Kenning- ham Ernest Dummkopf. Miss Rosena Brandram makes an admir able baroness, and all the minor parts aro thoroughly well fitted. 