THE ABSENT BRIDEGROOM. [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE," '' KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE,'' ETC.] CHAPTER XXIV.—(Continued.) A moment more, and with a rustle of silk, and a waft of perfume, Mrs. Fogarty swept smilingly into the chamber. Upright, stiff, angular, solemn Miss Jones comes after. ''My dear Miss Dormer, at last I have the pleasure of making your acquaintance. I have long desired it, and even under the present melancholy circumstances——'' Mrs. Fogarty had fluently and smilingly got thus far, when Miss Dormer, with a harsh cry, cut her short. ''I don't want any of your fine talk, ma'am. I know what fine talk is worth. Old Foster and my niece, Cyrilla, give me enough of that. It's about my niece, Cyrilla, you've come. Now what have you to say ?'' '' First, I really must apologize for the hour of our coming,'' says Mrs. Fogarty; ''but this, also, is the fault of your niece. I have been here twice this week, and she refused me admission. I don't call her Miss Hendrick, because Miss Hendrick has ceased to be her name ! '' A second harsh cry from Miss Dormer; her sunken eyes are glaring in a ghastly way up at the speaker. ''Not her name? Woman, what do you mean ? Why is Cyrilla Hendrick not her name?'' 'Because,'' answers Mrs. Fogarty, snapping her white teeth together like an angry little dog. "It is Mrs. Frederic Carew ! ''Or ought to be !'' in a solemn voice, puts in Miss Jones. At the sound of that name— that name, unheard so long, never forgotten—Phillis Dormer gives a gasp, and lies speechless. Frederic Carew ! Frederic Carew ! It is the father she is thinking of--not the son. 'We have taken you by surprise, Mrs. Fogarty goes on. ''You did not know, I presume, he was in Canada at all. Such is the fact, never- theless. He came last October and your niece has been holding continual intercourse with with him ever since. She knows now, the first shook over. It is the son of Frederic Carew, whom Cyrilla knew years ago in England, they mean. A savage light comes into her eyes— a horrid, hungry eagerness comes into her face. ''Go on! go on !'' sho pants. ''It is Miss Jones who has the story to tell,'' says Mrs. Fogarty.We have the strongest reason to believe your niece, Cyrilla, is Lieutenant Frederic Carew's wife.'' ''Or ought to be!'' croaks again Miss Jones. ''Or ought to be— exactly. Still, I think she is. Three weeks ago your niece was in Now York, and living with Mr. Carew at a hotel as his wife. Tell her about it, Miss Jones.'' And then Miss Jones begins at the beginning and tells her all. All— all that occurred in Petite St. Jacques, when Miss Hendrick was so nearly expelled the school, Cyrilla's revenge upon herself, and their accidental meeting three weeks ago in the streets of New York. In stony, rigid silence the sick woman lies and listens, fury and rage in her eyes. ''It may seem wicked to you,'' says Miss Jones, with grim truth ; ''but I will own I have taken the trouble and expense of this journey here, all the way from New York, to tell you this, because I owe your niece a grudge. I knew from Mademoiselle Stephanie Chateauroy, as I say, that you disliked this young man ; I felt certain when I saw them together that you were being cheated and wronged. Still, it is for my own sake that I have come. one good turn deserves another. By the merest accident I fell in with this lady upon my arrival in Montreal ; through her I have found my why to you. Your niece Cyrilla, and whether she this man's wife or not, lived with him as such for a week in the Clarendon Hotel. ''I have known this long time that they were lovers,'' interrupts Mrs. Fogarty. ''I once witnessed a disgusting love scene between them myself.'' Still that stony, rigid silence ; still the stricken woman glares up at them awfully from her bed. ''This is all ?'' she hoarsely asks, at length. ''This all--enough, I think,'' responds Mrs. Fogarty, with a short laugh. The burning, eager eyes glance from one cruel face to the other. ''You are prepared to repeat all this in my niece's presence, I suppose ?'' ''Whenever and wherever called upon,'' replied Miss Jones. ''Then you may go now ; I'll send for you both to-morrow. I'll pay you, ma'am, for your news. I'm a poor woman, but I'm able and willing to pay you for that. Ring that bell for Joanna, and go.'' Her hands clinch in a fierce grasp on the bed-clothes, her eyes stare, blind with pain and rage, up at the ceiling. The bitterness, the fury, of this hour is like nothing the wretched woman can ever remember before. Long ago she loved and trusted, and was betrayed ; now she has neither loved nor trusted, and she has been betrayed, once again, by the girl she has cherished and cared for, the only creature in whom her blood runs, and by the son of the man who wrecked her life. Cyrilla Hendrick is the wife, or light of love, of Frederic Carew's son — to Frederic Carew's son with all her loved and hoarded wealth go, if she dies without a will. She shrieks out like a madwoman at that, and beats the bedclothes with frantic hands. ''Go to Shelburne-street — go to Lawyer Pomfret's house. Joanna, do you hear ? Go — go at once ! Go, I tell you — quick !'' Old Joanna, returning from bolting her visitors out, stares blankly at her mistress. ''Idiot ! fool! why do you stand gaping there. Don't you hear what I say, deaf old addle-head ? Go to Lawyer Pomfret's house, and fetch him here. Tell him its the rich Miss Dormer who wants him, and that it is a matter of life or death ! Go !'' Joanna never disputes her mistress' will. She looks at the clock — only ten. Without a word she puts on her shawl and bonnet, locks the door after her, and starts at a jog-trot for the lawyer who is to make Miss Dormer's will. In the lonely sick-room the dim lamp glimmers, shadows thicken in the corners of the large room. On her death-bed the stricken old sinner lies, body and soul full of pain and torture, hatred and revenge. And up stairs, in her bare, comfortless chamber, Cyrilla sleeps deeply, while the retribution her own hand has wrought gathers above her head. CHAPTER XXV. "GOOD-BY, SWEETEART.'' ''Cyrilla, as a rule, was inclined to sleep late of mornings ; Miss Dormer, as a rule, was inclined not to let her. At seven precisely, winter and summer, Joanna stood at her bed- side, to summon her down stairs. At seven on the morning after her interview with Fred Cyrilla expected to be routed out as usual. But when she opened her eyes, after the long unbroken sleep, it was to find the sunshine filling her scantily furnished little upper chamber, and the clock of the neighbouring church tolling the hour of nine. Nine ! She sprang from her bed in dismay. What was Aunt Dormer — what was Joanna about, to let her sleep like this ? Had any thing happened in the night ? Was Aunt 'Dormer -----She would not finish the question even to herself, but her heart gave a great bound. The next moment she knew better ; if anything like that had occurred, she would have instantly been summoned by the deaf old domestic, she felt sure. She hurriedly arranged her clothes, made her hasty ablutions smoothed her dark, rippling hair, and ran down to her Aunt's room. She softly opened the door and entered. The close, fetid atmos- phere seem to sicken her ; ill or well, Miss Dormer had an insuperable aversion to fresh air. She advanced to the bedside ; in the dim light, the skinny, bloodless face lay still upon its pillows ; the eyes glittering bright, looked up at her with a weird stare. '' Dear aunt, I am sorry I overslept myself. How was it Joanna did not call me as usual ?'' ''You have watched with me two nights in succession, Niece Cyrilla. Young people need rest.'' ''How are you this morning, Aunt Phil? Easier, I trust'. Have you had a good night ?'' At that question the old woman broke into the strangest, wildest laugh ; a laugh most dreadful to hear, most ghastly to see. ''A good night, Niece Cyrilla ? Yes; a good night — a good night; the like of which I've never had but once before, and that was five-and-twenty years ago. And I'm strong , and well today. You'll be glad to hear, for I've a great deal to do before night. Niece Cyrilla, do you believe in ghosts ?'' ''Dear aunt !'' ''Yes ; I am dear to you, am I not ? You wouldn't deceive or trouble me in any way, would you ? I'm going to see a ghost today, Nieco Cyrilla — ghosts don't generally appear in daylight, either, do they ? — -the ghost of a man dead and buried five-and-twenty years. Five-and-twenty years ! Ah, me ! what a while ago it seems !'' Was tho old woman going insane ? Was this the delirium which precedes death ?'' Cyrilla stood looking at her, and yet there was no fever in her face, no wildness in her eyes, and, crazy as her talk was, it did not sound like delirium, The golden rays of the jubilant morning sunshine tried to force a passage in, and here and there succeeded, making lines of amber glitter across the dull red carpet. All things were in their places, no voice spoke to tell her that in this room her ruin last night had been wrought. ''Go down stairs, Niece Cyrilla, and get your breakfast. Fetch me up mine when you come. I have something to say to you when it is over.'' '' Something to say to her ! Wondering un- easily, the girl descended to the kitchen, the only clean and cosy apartment in the house, where Joanna, on a little, white-draped stand, had her tea and toast set out. 'Joanna !'' shouted Cyrilla, sitting down to her morning meal, ''did anything more than customary happen here last night ?'' The old woman nodded her deaf head. ''Ay, miss, that there did. She had visitors--- visitors — ladies' — Joanna spoke invariably in short jerks — ''fine ladies. Silks and scents on one. Come with the doctor.'' Ladies ! Instantly Cyrilla's mind flew to Miss Jones. But ''silks and scents''— that did not apply. ''Was one of them tall and thin, with a sharp, pale face, a long nose, a tight, wide mouth, pursed up like this — and a way of folding her hands in front of her — so ?'' ''Ay, miss, that's her. Tall and thin. With a long nose. And a wide mouth. And her hands in front of her. That's her, miss, to the life.'' Miss Jones, then, at last ! ''Hast thou found me, O mine enemy ?'' While she slept, off her guard, her foe had forced her way in, and all her secret was told. She turned for a moment sick and faint — she turned away from her untasted breakfast and buried her face in her hands. This, then, was what Miss Dormer meant. ''T'other one,'' began old Joanna, still in jerks. ''Tall, too. With tooth. Silks and scents. Roses in her bonnet. Red spots on her cheeks. Paint, I think.'' Mrs. Fogarty ! There was no mistaking the description — the only two who hated her on earth. All was over — nothing remained but to cover her face and die with dignity.'' And then in Joanna's little kitchen, all aglitter with its floods of May sunshine, a struggle began — a struggle for a soul. ''Tell the truth. All the money in the world is not worth one such lie as this. It is too contemptible to deceive that poor old dying lady,'' whispered her good angel in the voice of Fred Carew. ''Come with me ; I will care for you. Things will not be so bad as you fear. Trust in Providence and my uncle Dunraith. Meantime we can live on my pay.'' Fred's honest blue eyes shine upon her ; Fred's tender manly voice is in her ears, ''If this does come to your aunt's knowledge, don't deny our marriage. Mind ! I warn you. It would take a great deal to make me angry with you, but I could not forgive that.'' The tender voice grows stern, the pleasant face grave and set as he says it. ''Oh ! tell the truth,'' her own heart pleads; ''it is a revolting thing to tell deliberate lies to the dying.'' 'And lose all for which you have laboured so hard, suffered so much, borne so many insults, endured months and months of imprisonment worse than death ! Leave this house and go out to beggary, to humiliation, to pinching poverty, scant dinners and scantier dress ! Let your arch enemies, Fogarty and Jones, triumph over you — throw up the sponge to Fate at the first defeat, and resign the fortune justly yours — yours by every claim of blood and law — to Donald McKelpin! Never! She looks up, her eyes flash, her teeth set, her hands clench. Never !'' She will fight to the last against them all — against death itself. She will die sooner than yield. The battle is over, the victory won, and the tempter, whispering in her ear, in the archives below records ''one lost soul more.'' ''Joanna,'' she says, rising, '' is Aunt Dormer's breakfast ready ? I want to bring it up.''' ''But you've eat none yourself. Tea ain't drunk, toast ain't eat. Sick, are you ?'' says old Joanna, peering in her face. '' You're white as a sheet.'' ''Am I?'' Cyrilla answers, with a laugh. ''I am never very red, you know.'' She seizes a coarse crash towel and rubs her cheeks and lips until a semblance of colour returns. ''Now, quick, Joanna,'' she says, with another reckless laugh. 'I go to ' put it to the touch, to win or lose it all.' '' She takes the tray and ascends to the upper room. She places it before Miss Dormer, and assists her to sit up among her pillows. ''I hope you have an appetite this morning, Aunt Phil,'' she says, pleasantly. ''Everything is fresh and nice, and perfectly cooked.'' Surely nature intended this girl for an actress. Every nerve is braced for the coming struggle — for lie upon lie ; yet even the hawk eye of Aunt Dormer can trace no change in voice or face. ''Has Joanna been telling you I had visitors last night—ladies ?'' she asks, watching her keenly. ''Yes, aunt ; and I have been wondering who they could be. Joanna doesn't seem to know.'' ''Don't you know, Niece Cyrilla?'' ''I?'' Cyrilla elevates her eyebrows.''I am not a clairvoyant, Aunt Phil.'' Aunt Phil laughs her elfish, uncanny, most disagreeable laugh. ''You're a clever girl, Niece Cyrilla — oh ! an uncommonly clever girl. But the Hend- ricks were all clever — all clever and all bad — bad ! bad ! bad ! — bad to the core !'' ''You have told me that so often, Aunt Dormer,'' says Cyrilla, in an offended tone, ''don't you think you might stop now. Seeing two of the bad Hendricks are your nearest of kin, bad as they are, you might spare them, I think.'' ''You think so, do you ? Well, I mean to spare one of them today if she gives me the chance. Take away this tray, Niece Cyrilla. Now put up that blind and let in the light — plenty of light. Now sit here on the side of the bed, and look me in the eyes — straight in the eyes. I want to see if I can read the lies you will tell in that nineteen-year-old face of yours.'' ''I am not in the habit of telling lies, Aunt Dormer,'' says Cyrilla, in the same offended tone, obeying all the grim orders given. ''Are you not ? Then you differ from all the Hendricks I ever knew. Your father never told the truth in his life, and we don't gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles, we are told. Your mother was a weak littlo fool — perhaps you take your truth-telling proclivities from her. Let me see, where do I want to begin ! Niece Cyrilla is Frederic Carew's son in Canada ?'' ''Ah ! you have found that out ! How cruel to tell you — you who hate the very sound of the name.'' ''You own it then ? He is here. You have met him ; have been meeting him constantly since last October ?'' Cyrilla looks up — a flash of indignation in her eyes. ''No, Aunt Dormer, I deny it ! Whoever tells you that, tells you a falsehood. I have seen him — only a few times — and I did not speak of it to you. Why should I ? I know it would vex you to know he was here at all, and his presence made no difference to me, one way or other.'' ''None ! Take care ! Is he not your lover, Niece Cyrilla!'' ''Aunt. I was a little girl when I knew him in England. I never thought of such a thing as lovers. Hero I have met him, but a few times, as I say, and always in the pre sence of others. We have had no opportunity, if we had the desire, to be lovers.'' ''Always in the presence of others,'' Miss Dormer repeats, her basilisk gaze never leaving her niece's unflinching face. ''Who were the ' others' the night you stole out of your bed- room window at school, to meet him in dark ness, and by stealth, in the grounds of your school ?' ''They have told you that, then !'' exclaims Cyrilla, in confusion. ''Aunt, dear aunt ! do not be angry. I did do that — a rash act, I allow, and one for which I nearly suffered severely, but I did it only to hear news of papa. You don't believe me, perhaps'' — Oh ! the infinite scorn and unbelieving of Miss Dormer's face —''but I love my father, and am always glad and eager to hear news of him. Fred Carew was just from England, he had seen him shortly before, and brought from him a message for me. He tried to deliver it at Mrs. Delamere's — where, by purest accident, we met — but an odious woman, one of the teachers, gave him no chance. I was dying to hear it — I know and regret my folly, aunt — I did steal out and spend ten minutes with him in the garden ; not more. The woman — a detestable spy — found me out, and Mlle. Chateauroy threat- ened to expel me. Aunt, I assure you, that was the first and only time — oh, well ! with one exception.'' ''And that exception, my dear Niece Cyrilla?'' ''Was in New York. Leaving Miss Owenson's house, one day, I encountered him in Maddison square. He rode down town with me in a street car, and in that car we met, by chance, Miss Jones, the spying teacher. It is from her all this has come. I know how spiteful, and contemptible, and false a wretch she is.' '' And that is all, Niece Cyrilla— all ? You never met him at Mrs. Delamere's here in Montreal, or at that other woman's — what, is her Irish name— Fogarty ?'' ''Aunt Phil, I told you I had met him a few times, but always in the presence of others. I did not mention it to you at the time. I was afraid you would forbid my accepting any more invitations, and these parties were all the pleasure I had. Was it any such great crime to meet him by accident there ?'' ''No crime at all, only — what a pity you did not tell me. It would be so much easier to believe you now, if you had not deceived me then. And this is all, absolutely all ?'' ''All, Aunt Dormer ?'' Unflinchingly still, the black steadfast eyes above met the fiercely questioning eyes below. ''He is not your lover ?'' ''My lover ! Nonsense. This in Miss Jones' or Mrs. Fogarty's doing. They were both in love with him themselves.'' ''What a fascinating young Lovelace he must be ! I should like to see him. He is not your husband then, Niece Cyrilla ?'' ''My ----'' But this joke is so stupendous that Cyrilla laughs aloud. ''You did not live with him as his wife for a week in New York ?'' pursues Miss Dormer. Her eyes never seem to wink, never seem to go for a second from her nieces face. Cyrilla starts up indignantly, as if this were past bearing. ''Aunt Dormer !'' she exclaims, haughtily, ''this is beyond a jest. Even you have no right to say to me such things as these. If you choose to believe my enemies, women who hate and are jealous of me — who will stop at no lie to ruin me — then I have no more to say !'' (To be continued,) 