A f TH E ^1' T TIE Q T I Was lolling on on'e of the wooden seats, arid basking in the morning sunshine on La Croisette at Cannes. It was five or »ix years ago. The bliuds . of the /wihite-fronted Cer;cle Niutiqao vera CMeftdly draWn, to p^t^t'the ^rhple'rioni' of ihe one. or two elderly members reading the * newspapers, -in jt^e big room; the little enclosure in. front of- the club was encumbered with mountains of cane-bottomed chairs, to boused when the military band played in the afternoon; Rumpelmeyer's, best and most expensive of afternoon tea- haunts,' ? slumbered in -the sun light ; and from the depths of a grove of palms and orange tress in the. garden of -the Grand Hofel the drowsy, burden of a , Neopolitah song jiras wafted ion the warm air The sea sparkled and flashed ; the yellow, sunlight on the road and the walls of the garden's made one's eyes ache. 1 Near in by ♦he narrow harbour, and out by the green islands, the little pleasure boats which are peculiar to Cannes tacked and turned lika sea birds skimming over the blue-waters. Presently an old gentleman who was sitting at the other end of tbe bench.began to fcalk to me» H s : was grey-haired and distinguished-looking, and wore, the small red ribbon of the .Legion of Honour in the button-hole of his tight-fitting frock- coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, although an old resident in Cannes. Hei told me a number of interesting facta connected with the town in the early days of its popularity. But what interested me most 'was his story relating to tbe big whitfi villa on our left. It was a large house standing back from, the dusty road behind two iron gates and a low stone wall.. There was a grass-sown lawn be tween4he carriage drive and tbe parapet of the wall ; and two or three big palms, the highest trees on the Croisette, threw their black shadows upon the rows of closely shuttered windows. It was a:solidly-built, stately kind of house, but in the staring front and shuttered windows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed out to me. ' You notice that it is unoccupied, although the season. is at its height,' be remarked. *' It is ten years now since anyone lived there, and I doubt very much if it will ever, be occupied again. There are people who say that it is haunted.' ?' And is it haunted ?' I asked. * Perhaps it is haunted for the owners,' he rrplied enigmatically. '? Have you happened to rf mark the carvings on the gates ? No 3 Well, if you look, you will see the Imperial Eagles of Russia ou both gates. The place belongs to the Imperial Family— to one of the Grand Dukes. ' Haunted he repeated. ' If it is so — and who shall say that such things may not be, sir ? — it is haunted by the ghost of a very beautiful and very unhappy lady— the last person who ever lived within thosa walls, sir. She was quits young— two or three and twenty —with the. splendid dark hair and glorious eyes, of the women of the South of France. Tall and slender, gracious and graceful, in good health, she must have been one of the handsomest women in Europe. When I saw her, disease had already dulled the lustre of her :eyes and hollowed tfce fullness of her face. I e»n remeoi member her sad smile of welcome, »beu I wis first shown inln her presence, as well as if it was yesterday. She was lying on a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in one of the front rooms looking out over ' the bay, and the elderly dame de compagnie who had summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word Of explanation as to' the nature, of her complaint. ''Am I so ill as they say, Doctor ?' she asked in a low sweet vcice. ' Do not be af raid to tell me the truth.? «' It was sot a pleasant question to answer. I may say, that at this time I had some alight reputation for my. method of treating chest caaes— I have long since ceased to practice— ^acd there could he no doubt' that there was phest trouble here.- I made my examination : hope less— the. lungs going like dry paper in a'ted fire, and a consuming fever to fan tfie fatal flame. It was the horribly rapid destruction of a naturally strong conetitotion-that had received a. death- blow. . She was doomed. Of course I did vol tell her to; but I enjoyed absolute quiet a ad tba greatest care, making a cheerful allusion to the healing powers of the sunny days in store for us, now that a windy February was nearly over. ** * Shall I be well enough to be out on .the day of the Battle of Flowers ?' she asked,. ? It is on on the 14th of March, you know.' ' I told her th*t this must depeud or her caution and paticnce. 'Then I promised to come to see her again and went out with the elderly, grey-baired companion. You . may. - imagine that 1 put a good : number of questions to this grave- visaged lady. It is essential. to a physi cian to be acquainted with tbe history of the case on which his advice is sought — the begin ning .of the evil, its course, and so forth. But precious little assistance did i obtain. My beahtiful psfient had evidently forbidden her dependent to give me any information, fc-he bid no friends or. relations, I whs told, who \- could be summoned to the sick-bed. She was ? living alone in the big villa, with oewlv. engaged' servants to wait' upon her! and poi a soul to cheer her through the long dull'days-of illness but the tafciturn companion. ' Well, fir, I made my way straight to the house-agents and bankers, determined to find out all ih&t; was possible concerning the jnatter. The agent — an exceedingly able and obliging gentleman — would tell me everything he knew. Oddly enough he knew nothing. ' ' You ask who and what is Madane Gregory, the tenant of: the Villa St. Marguer ite,' said' my friend, '* I wish 'to heaven you, could tell us J We know no more than the man in the moon. All I can tell you is^shegis fabu lously rich, and she has, got. us into a lot of trouble, and lost us an account 'which we highly prized.* . ' It appeared that early in the autumn the: agent was instructed by the lmperial owneps pa fiad. a tenant for the villa. : Jusfc about; ? Christmas this Madame Gregory applied for it ;; a provisional agreement was made— the negotia tioos to be held open for a few da^'S. -' In those few days ? came k despatch from St.iPetersburg paying that the Grand Dnke bimself meant to - pQcupy the house frith his young; bride. The \- agents, r1tr»ed .fco- break ipS; thei agr«?ement, but could not do ao. They had'let the villa, but, ' the price was cot, yet settled. jSo they deter mined to gut rid of M^ame'Grpgorj.-'b^ making a 1 i preposterous 'demand:- i i They ? : mamed ant absurdly large sum, J the lady agreed to it with' put ct word rf | cxp-^tulation, and. ,tbe . contract ? Jiad to be-aigped. The Qrand puke, it seemed. , was,. furious, and. an ^Imperial— and .imp^ious-; ^r-cliept- was lofct ifeo jih'e^ag^ncy. ! ' _ ; 1 ''Now, sif, ybff will hwdly wedit it, but for' three wepks I attended my 'lovely' '£-atient,'f6r thre^ weeks' ^ played the p&rt; bf ? priv^atet detectire, xjuestipnipg :«nrant? j ' tradesmen,'-' fcc-; fpr ithree. we^ks ,l cn joyed a growiog friendr 1 ^iip with t my; poor, .-.charge-hwithout, in, tji^f I slightest., degree, ; piercing the : mystery .which. . ! grounded her, ' { t- i ' .}?' It ci\tjpe to the hearf to .wat^h this.be^uti-, ! faV youpg creature fading away, alone aij^d ] , fi^endless^jtp.vrealise thajb sjie was unhappy, lhat sofpe 1 -vuj^iing«o(row .was fighting against yfMifltr li|^ jside by side w^pi the. fpll,- djs^se . j£t to have no clue, tighten Ihe darkr , about tor. ' - 'iyho!wii1mjn4Bter 'to a' m^n^ ;4ISt«isfed P 1 *1 had a Ihousana suspicions, but *? jfj^ertirau* rpjade a gu&s; within leagues s the Itroth,- |o$|il one -day c&ance; jifted (the veil. \» n /- ^ ! sitting by her ^bedside, ?»ail^jglyf, i«raj5^ip^ ^n hour in the eodeayoiir to bpghten, , -Stt^-^onjbije aqnotn^.^. fagr Joo^'daya fc^ar j. p®sjp of the oritBt^e worhi, yJirai— rasabe : | p»0^ prsjfies^y— fhei? ^1 %jn *j^«ua|hW ' | i - hefc^y : trinket. : - sUooped ^i jpi^k it ; flpi ahd involuntari ly examin ed:!^.-.:-; -:- - : . It was ab 'fexquisite gold^framed miniltur^ j ^^jpre^jttona,ind AnmmULl^ j Imperial prown pf Russia in brilliants. »as t^e facc— the ro&n;'c face in the miniaturt ^rtled »e' so ^olentiyr f mutmtiM the man'u.uame as i handed the .trinket. bade to her trembling hands. ''Yes. /It is the Grand Duke Gregory Gregorcvich of Russia, and— my husband.' she said felowly. tiiMi' hurst into a torrent, of tears. The companion hastened to her side,' begging aid' praying her to compose herself : and to ssy no more. ' ? ; '(But I said, ' My poor child, tell me. every- thing, ,Lo ok at - my,g rt ybaira am old enough to be. your father: And are not doctors the priests of modern life? Confess yourself to nie, and let me help you. if I can. ... . ' Well, then, sir, little .bg little her atorj came out- — a story so common that you, as a man, of the world, will probably hive heard raaii^ similar; -I will gi^e'you the briefest oiitP line, though, to me, the unhappy girl poured out her whole . heart, and filled iu every little detsil of her 'romance with the marvellous power wliich,ccroes only;from deep feeling, , s, ' This Russian was a scoundrel— a cowardly,, cold-planning villain. I can t.help being warm,, sir. He came -to Algiers on a Russian man-t-f- 'war, at the time when the girl's father, * great French contractor, was engaged on the harbour works, and the family were living in a big villa above the town. The sailor-prince deliberately 3et himself to win the girl's heart. The weeks rolled by, the ship should long «go hare Bailed, but the Royal commander lingered. One night they were married — solemnly, formally married — in their own names, before tbe French consul at Algiers. The girl had no shade of doubt as to the validity of the contract ; the man knew that it was absolutely worthless. That, sir, is Russia's Imperial method of seduction. . 44 Then followed desertion, excuses, lies, and. finally, the intimation that the Czar had refused, his ratification of the union. Disgraced and dishonoured, her father and mother dying of the hitter shame, the poor creature found her way to St. Petersburg, to plead hf-r cause with tbe great tyrant, and arrived only to find the man ?who had ruiue.l her oh' tbe eve of solemnising his marriage with another woman. ' She was standing in the snow, outside the church, and the bridegroom saw ber, and his face turned pale as be passed in towards the high altar.' She was standing in the snow, out side the. palace, while the. marriage feast pro ceeded. Someone saw tbe desolate black figure from the palace windows. An order was given, and she - was driven away by the Imperial Guards at the point of the bayonet. '* ' I shall see him once again, Doctor,' she said. * Look you, the newspapers say he will be here before tbe first Battle of Flowers. He wanted to bring her to this house. He does not guess who is his tenant.' ' I soothed her as well as I could. I knew now why she clung to the idea of being out for the Battle of Flowers, and I let her think she would be well enough to he presi nt, though I knew there would be no chance of it. ' Now see how strangely Providence, Fate, blind chance — call it what you will — orders things to pass. I shall never forget that- I4th of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white dust, was whirling along the Croisette — . one of those horiible March days which we sometimes have here. . I was taking my little niece to- see the flower hattle, and she was de lighted with tbe music of the band, the beaut i- fully decorated carriages, the ram of blossoms when parties of friends passed , cach ether ; while I was shivering, and wondering at the folly aud extravagance of the wfcole business. . ' My little niece and I passed this very seat, sir, and had reached that' further palm, when shouts and cheering further . down attracted my attention to an . approaching vehicle. In. a moment I recognised Jho splendid black horses — Romanoffs — and the, gajidy lirem-s of the servants'. The wheels'aiid' body of tbe barouche, tbV'hsmeas of the: horses and box-seat were hidden by a thick covering of white Cowers— j lilieS'Of-the-valley,. white iilsoj tuberoses— the most expensive flowers, costing ttoousaads apd thojisands, cf franr£. The . carriage was the: success of the afternoon. ? It had Von the first; prize— a gorgeous silk banner — and the, Grand Duke Gregory and his fair young bride were in the most affable humour, bowing and laughing and flower-throwing with the greatest energy. 'Precisely where I was standing a ' block occurred. Tbe white carriage cairie to a stand still. Instinctively I looked across the road to tbr \ ilia St. Marguerite. To my horror and amazement my patient was standing. in the gar-., den, with her' hsrids on the low wall, staring with fixed eyes into thife-'Roifal carriage. Sud denly he saw her, started to his feet amid the j mass of- blossom, and stood staring- back at the - i woman he had .wronged witii a look of deadly terror in his heavy face. Then I saw her lift $ bouquet in ber band ; but at the same moment a. convulsive tit cf coughing seized her. She i staggered and reeled, held the wh'ite flowers to ! her moulb, and in an instant they were red, then hurled them in the man's face, and fell' back into the. companion's arm's,' while the car riage roiled on,.: and, tbe -bride and bridegroom ; ' this, lilies and the lilac, 'were .spattered and: stained by her , life's blood. . Yes. sir, it 'was .. fine, was it not ? J shall never forget it,' She wss dead before I had crossed the road and en-. . tered the garden. Sudden haemorrhage, tx. ' She was buriedlji ffie cemetery over yonder — a huge white sarcophagus, dominating the bill and thfc harbour— we ought to be alile to see it from where w« - sjt— and deeply cut on one face of it (the face which points to Russia) were i the plain n'ords, ' Jlere lies :y?ap't tpl] yoa ! the' name~Mawfnl and on'y wife of Greg ory ;GVegorovjtcb, Grand Duke and Arch-Traitor of JRdssia,.- That-7tas all. : But the Ccarheird of . that inscription, made strenuous represent*-: ? tions, and . the French Government offered syco phantic apologies, and -chiselled it out — cut it c'pa.n away; 60 that if you go to th^ cemetery and look at the great .white , totqb, you will see no word 'or syllable to tell you it maiks the resting- r plkce of a deeply-wronged woman. 1 ! -hi But J have wearied you with this narratiyp. Sir, I have the honour tqj wist) you good TOorn irg,^{« The -World,'' ' 