COUPONS. Blossoming boughs in February, M and earth seemed crammed with heaven.' So thought Mrs. Dillwortliy as she surveyed her orchards, that melted away into the emerald dyes of the wheat fields on the right and the budding vine yards on the sun-kissed slopes on her left Within raDge of her vision were pastures green, wbero her stock grazed in security and fattened in peace. An English woman, this some Mrs. Dillworthy, and, as she expressed it, ' boru bred, and brought ap in London/' Lett n widow with one daughter, a brother who had settled in California some two years before bad persuaded her to follow him, and invest her money in a well-cultivated ranch and orchard. Tha picture before her was the result, and so well satisfied was she tb*t she nighed with deep content — a sigh from a heart overflowing with happiness and freedom from fretting caies. ' I 'avo all I want to look at. aud if 'igh winds don't play 'avoc with the blossoms 1'11'ave fruit properly plentiful,' she thought. She walked leisurely down the gravelled wait, her plump hands on her bips, ami her rosy face wearing a satisfied smile. Reaching the gate she called out — ' 'Arriet! 'Arriet, whatever is ker ping you?' ' Coming, mamma,' said a pie&s.iAt; voice, and into view came a fair-haired, blue-uyed English girl with a wild ro.-o complexion, anu a pretty, slight figure. At her side walked a young man, ruddy and dark, with frank, brown eyes and a pleasant face. Mrs. Dillworthy stared hard as she said to herself, ' What 'ave wo 'era for 'eaven's sake V Harriet spoke as she neared her mother. ' Mamma, this young man, Mr. Danforth, is looking for work ; us yon want the wood-chopped he wishes to secure the job.' Mrs. Dillworthy's free instantly took on a business expression. Turning to Danforth she asked — ' What wages would you especS ? ' ' Two fifty and board, madam,' ho replied, as he bared his head, and ran his fingers through the thick brown locks that covered it. Accustomed to English labour prices, Mrs. Dillworthy was about to protest, but a glance from Harriet and the low remark, ' Thin is the West, you know, mamma,' caused her to say — ' L will 'ire you, young man. I wont the wood chopped well, and put out of the way in tile wood house,' pointing, as she spoke, to a lot of logs piled in disorder in the big yard. ' Very well, madam,' Baid the young man. He threw off his coat and hat, and began his work, and Harriet and her mother passed indoors. Although the fruit crop promised well, the doll' times had made actual dollars and cants scarce with Mrs. Dillworthy ; 30 mother and daughter were economical,, and on the lo'ok-oufc for bargains ; 1894 might be called coupon year, or, aa Mrs. Dillworthy called it, 'keff- pon.' Every paper she subscribed to contained two or more coupons, which, when saved, and ten- or tweaty-fivo cents added, brought music, plants, or pictures to the sender. As they were totally unaccustomed to American methods of advertising, the Dillworthys believed implicitly in the genuineness of the ' bargains ' secured in this way, and one day every week found them chasing these four-sided slips from column to column, and clipping with as much unction S3 if a coupon saved were a dollar earned. And if Jane, the maid of all work, ever used a news paper to kindle fires or polish windows she was almost under bonds to sea if the coupons were cut or not. Harriet, girl like, wanted a new summer bat; bat her mother told her it was almost im possible for her to spare the money to buy it. The hired man must be paid for spring work, and- the- wood chopping alone was quite an item. So Harriet had tried to manufacture one oat of past glories in that line. One dav. ahnnt a month after Danforth's arrival, when looking over the papers, Harriet's blue eyes rested on this advertisement — ' Cut oat this coupon and send it with two dollars to Messrs. Featherfew and Flower, who will furnish 70a with the latest confection in French hats,' Harriet sprang up so hastily from the willow rocker that it tipped backward, scaring General her English pug, into a barking fit. Her mother was oat on the back porch, with b, tomato can full of seeds sbe had sorted out The noise and quick steps startled her, and the contents of the can flew every way, aa if from a patent eeeder. 'A coupon for a hat, mamma! Bee ! csa I' Harriet exclaimed joyfully. ''Eavensand earth!' said her mother. 'My 'eart's in a flatter. I thought the 'oose was on fire, or the 'orse was dead.' She stooped to pick up the seeds, while Harriet read tha notice to her. u Can't 1 help you, Mrs. Dillwortby?' some one courteously asked. Tha hired man had approached unnoticed, and stood- smilingly regarding the little scene, Harriet blushed and ceased reading, but her mother stiffly answered — uNo, thank you, Danforth ; you'd better go back to your work. ' I can't abear that young man's forward ways, '''she said to her daughter when he- had. gone. 'Oh, mamma, he meant only to be kind, 1'ra snre ! And you spoke so shoit,' said Harriet. ? **I intended to ; it will teach him to keep his place in the future,' returned Jker mother. ' He-'s too, familiar, 'Arriet. Ho Ulks to yotL whenever he can. You ougbn't to allow it. Harriet blushed more deeply tbjai.be/orr, and was silent. Mrs. Dillworthy had thoroughly Engiishr ideas. It was- a difficult task .to imbue her with American notions of equality. She could not be made to- comprehend that wage-earning, men or women might be of good family. So even the ghost of un idea that 'JL'orn Danforth, her servant, admired and -wished to wio-and win her daughter never entered her head. Besides that, she had other views tor the girl.. The leading merchant in Hie nearest town was 50 years old, and worth money. It is true he had broken every commumimunt- worth speak ing of ; no one could filch frum him his good name tor the reason that there was no good about him. Nevertheless, he was considered 'a good match' for Haaiet by Mrs. Dillwort&y.; She remarked one day to. her-dauglrtwr — 'Mr. Miller is a.thosongh gentfeman,' ' I thought he was dissipated,' replied Harriet. Mrs. Dillworthyisniffcd. 'Well, he has/a few'abits; but they arji.ouly gentlemanly ones.' ' I call him/a very fa?iguiug,.pei3iOj'1-8aid Harriet. 'I/don't trusjfc meu who. spiisic with the Boft pedalWown, ancj rub thtirshantds os if washing them. '1 om siys — ' ?♦ Tom ? ' ? _ Who's he— Dartforlh ? 1U- doesn't signify what'hersaysabiut ray- Irieufls, f.ne lor ward fellow! If he isn't |carefuk he3U leave before his wort is finished.''- And; Mcs. Dill worthy walkedaway wilh dignity in every liue of her figure. As she disappeared Tom came aritilid the corudr with a targe bimch. ol' hweet pens, in iiis hand, which he hnd gathered Cor Harriet. Sl.e took them .with a low ' Thank yiru, ' her jiretly blush rivalling the. colour of thu biw«msj Tom looked at htr admiringly as he saj-U — 'The moon will be bright tb;s evrniiiy, ami the roads nre prime. Don't you wuni t-- go . lo tho ofTicu with me ?' Harritt glanced At him and iaw art itn'nistak Rb!e npnssion 7n his eyes. ' Sue blushed brighter as she lciked down, nnd snid 'Ves' so exrtet\y that Ton* feli «he lied answered'... both the unspoken and spoken question, and weufc off ? to bis work radiant and happy. Mrs. Dillworthr was ' intent on hous- hold tasks, so this short interview was unnoticed ; but when Harriet asked if sly roiglit go fur the; mud her mother said promptly — ' Let To ca go by 'imsi If ' ! Harriet felt disappointed, but dared not pro test. Tom was not easily rebuffed, however. When he saw Mrs. Dillworthy tralkiug down to the pastura to inspect Gome stock, he throw down his axe »ud went 'o the open window where Harriet's golden bead could be teen like a spot of twilight si she leaned oat to train an ivy against the casement. He tratr.hed the white hands a minute, then captured one and raised it to his lips. ' Harriet,' he naid, 'I heard your mother refuse- to allow you to go to the ofice. 1 know she looks dowu on me, do you also despise me, : dear t' Harriot's hand trembled. She triad tff/ds&sr; it away, caying Bhyly — .. ?* Oh, please, Tom, don't ! ' \ ' But, Harriet, I love you,' persisted Tain, emboldened by her confusion. ' I want you for my wife. Will you marry me, sweetheart ? ' Harriet's blue eyes glanced out of ths window, not meeting her lover's eager look. The upland slope and level plains, a sunlit ssa of i;rsen, were radiant nHh a newly-acquired glory. Should cfcs, could she, trust tins ruddy young strange; with her heart, her life! ' The seconds Eccmcd hears to Tom, Ecarmisa her issa anxiously meanwhile. She turned to him at last, and through his eyes czx? iris tzal,.esaa& and dear said ?oliols, casuerirc; hss t-Mjaieo thought, cad rsad2=2 H in tha Trjii c£$£sa crcro love, she said ?? yea.' They were HiEifnlry hagjy- who-cp eana Mrs. Dillwortby. ''Arriet DfllrasUis, do my csps dscdvs. mop' she cried, 'Sdcaiagaa'iEeiciaii CS& oh ! Yoo.1l- break my 'esssJjf Tom dropped Harriet's hand, cs#*4£s=3tti somewhat confused stood bp- tb gw3-H£o &- man. 'Mrs. Dillworthy,' he-esIsS, ?? B'taa-eaireds Harriet to marry me. Will yoa ks mo-haveH her ? I love her very daarly, and will try to! make her a good husband. I have some moneyj saved and a — '* But Mrs. Dillwortby angrily warred fcrtfeeri speech. ' Leave the 'ouse, air, at ones ! 'Arriet, shut? that window ! I'll settle your bill to-morror night, young man. But you must lesvo a$F ouee-or I'll make you.' Tom bowed and left her, and Mrs. Dillworthyi sought her daughter. ' To think you should take up rrith Danforth,; when Mr. Miller 'as just written to ask me foii your 'and and 'eart ! I blush for you, mrra.' But peeping Harriet only sobbed— ' I love Tom and 1 hate that old beast t' 'Rubbish! iou'H like him well enough! when you're his wife.' ' That I will never be ! I'll run to the enda of the earth first,' cried Harriet. ' Don'U, drive me too far, mamma ! I'm a woman now, and know my own mind.' ' Go to your room, miss !' said Mrs. Dill' worthy, angrily. ' We'll talk of this when that fallow is out of the way. I believe he's robbed you of all your common sense, that £ do.' Harriet obeyed, weeping unrestrainedly, and! Mrs. Dillworthy felt the way of duty to be a. thorny one. The next morning great waa her consterna tion to find Harriet missing. Only one con clusion could she come to. She had eloped with Tom Danforth. She wept, and, like. Rachel of old, would not be comforted. Jana- stood by in sympathetic silence, till her mis tress vehemently exclaimed — *' Ob, it's his doings — the serpent .that he is } 'Arriet was always obedient and docile until she saw him.' ?' I never would have thought Mins Harriet had the strength of mind to go off with Tom,'' ventured Janet. ' Strength of don't mind ! ' soapped Mm. Dillworthy, her anger getting the better oF herf sorrow for a moment. The fairness of the morning «raa all unnoticed) though twinkling dew beads were strong oat every blade of grass, nnd a snow of blossom: petals perfumed the air from the orchards. Mrs. Dillworthy shut hsrself up in her room, and rocked to and fro, crying aloud — ' She will never come back, and I who loved, 'er, drove her to it ! Oh, my child ! my child ! Come to your 'eartbroken mother !' The day passed and evening came. Its beauty tempted the sorrowing woman out on the broad porch. She looked around her. Tbomoon was rising, and stars thickly studded the blue iky. But nothing brought her comfort. ' Oh, 'Arriet. where sre you now ? '' shei moaned. ' You said you would go to the ends* of the earth. Are you lost to me forever ?i Oh, why was I so 'ard ? My 'eart is breaking — breaking ! ' Her sobs reached the ears of Janet, who cameV hurriedly to her. ' Comr-, ma'am, don't talte on so,' she said? soothingly. ' Miss Harriet — ' ' Never mention her name again ! ' cried Mrs.( Dillworthy with a quick revulsion of feelings ' She- is dead to me now.' ?' Nonsense, ma'am '. Suppoj? sha hss married Tom, what then ? He's a likely youngf man aud above his work. He told mo hnr& times brought him down to wood chopping.1' ' Up you mean,' Bnified Mrs. Dillworthy. Waggon wheels were heard jus* then. Th3 Kate swuug opi-n, footsteps came hastily alorrj. up to the porch, and Harriet's fresh, svroci voice called out — ' Oh, mamma, mamma ! I've got my hs£, and it's a beauty. Were you frightened at ir^ absence ?' She had reached the porch by this time and put up her lips to kiss her mother; but thc3 lady stepped back from the offered caress. ' 'Arriet,' she said sternly, 'did you noteless with Tom Danforth f' Harriet laughed, though the blushes came. ' Why, mamma, how silly of you ! Had yen. f i rgotten I was to go to the city to-day to gfA my hat ? I thought if I went up early I should be back in time for lunch ; but the train vras delayed by a washout. Tom drove me to the station as he had business in town. I have not seen him since. You know you told him gou did not want him any longer.' Mrs. Dillworthy had heard enough. She took Harriet in her motherly anna and kissed her heartily, saying — 11 Well, 'Arriet, I was an old goose. I forgot all about those kewpons.' The hat had scarcnly been sufficiently admired when another carriage had arrived, and Tomfs well-known whistle was heard as he came urj the path. In her joy at recovering Harriet Mrs. Dil'.worthy greeted him pleasantly, end went lo her desk to get the money due to him. But Tom said ' Oue momoit-, please, Mrs. Dillworthy. 1 want lo nr-k you auaiu for Miss Harriet's hand, and I hope you will rccunaider your answer. I am in a Letter positiou now than I was jester duy. My uncle has just died aud left mo a snug little sum in railroad stock aud Govern ment bonds. I have ihu half-ytarly coupons of nolh with me, and the lawyer's letter too. Will you U.ok over them? I love Harriet dtarly, and I know she cares for me. Won't 3'ou say yes to us both ? Mrs. Dillworthy's face was a study as she mechanically took Tom's papers. Silently she lobki d over them, and saw that they Were genuine. Finally she spoke : ?? Take her, Tom, and if I evpr ?raedule- wilh kewpons ic this Amer'.i.*- ajjoiu I -lesi rve to 1-e^ liung. 'Arriet's wild goosn cfciRe after a 'at for ' :i kewpon mad' me ftel oUl, ai.il its kuwpons that cive you the right to Mikr her from me,, but bless you both,' she added, lidding out her arms. 'I 'ope and trunt you'll bo 'ajipy.' j The litt'e scene which fo lowoa wns' inter- rupted by Janet, who had utoluu into the room -, to listen. . j ' Jupiter !' she exclnitned ; ' a husband for a kr-vpoii ! Guess I'll savu 'cm up mysi-lf after ti.i .'' : ' Junet !' said Mrs. Dillworthy, reprovingly 'Don't scold her, maroma,' Inugheil Hirriot. 'Come here, Janet, and wish rre joy.' 'Indeed, 1 do, miss, with ray whole heart, Ecd you too. Mr.Danforth. And I've got sum e Bens for you: The butcher's boy told me this morning that old Miller had failed and lost every cent of his money. So he wasn't such a good match after all, ma'nm,' ' I've been a silly old woman,' said Mrs. ipiilworthy, choking a littra. ' Forgive me, Xcja. I ? ' Bat Harriet's arms were nbout her uesic, and further speech was checked by a kiss. Mrs. Dillworthy, mindful of past soctoto, Btill refuses to have anything to do with coupuss in any form; bat Tom and Harriet trill always love them, and in tbeir homu may possibly hang the motto, ' God bless the coupon.' 