CHAPTER XX. TffB MIGHTY KOItCEUKH. Tho Giant was told o!T for the first watch, and with him Ginger. ft was considered advisable to utilise the Papuan's native in stincts as much as possible. If, as he averred, ho could smell black men, ho would be able to detect their presence should thoy approach, and give timely warning. For the skipper's accommodation a rough sort of tent had been riggerl up, composed of palm houghs and the sails of the- whaleboat, and to add to his comfort the only mattress saved from the wreck of the Break of Day was placed under him. The paroxysm of delirium having passed off, ho had become very prostrated and weak, and had sunk into a comatose state. The black cook undertook to lie close alongside of him, so as to be ready in case ho should want any thing. T'no rest of the hands were soon sunk in deep sleep, the sleep of wearied and jaded men. The firo smouldered to a heap of glow ing ashes. Pilonce settled on the forest, but the boom of the sea could 1h) heard, and a peculiar click, or rather combination of eliok and whistle, made by some nocturnal insect. According to (dinger, it was a kind of cricket that haunted the palms. Fireflies in myriads flitted about as usual, and added a fairy-like glamour to the star-lit forest. Ginger said that fireflies wore the spirits of dead men. He beguiled the dreary hours of the watch by entertaining the Giant wi th legend aud .story of his native jungles. Some of these stories were very startling, very thrilling. One dealt with an ogre who flew through the air and sucked men's blood. He was called Kauu-Ilcni, and inhabited an enormous cavern near (dinger's native place, Hannuahacla (the native, name for Port Moresby). If any human being was rash enough to enter that, cavern he at once fell dead. Kanu-lleni always flew at night, and woo bedtide any sleeper on whom ho might alight. Anther story was of a large lako somewhere in the interior. Tt was known/as " The Lake of the Magic Waters." Homo times when it wasangrv it. rose straight up in an enormous column until it touched the skv. Then it twirled round and round, and descending on the land won id devastate! it f< »r hundred t of miles, ft any one wanted tube nvvengod for :>-wr.vyr <1 r.v\ he journnVed to the. la'.-"., w ■ p t.hv :i 'h ■ >.*i" form of inoaista ti .a), an ! '?, i • i w tv s'-uie <»f the water in a section of bamboo, which must b« 3(il illy Bealed witV enemy,caused lihetn J«BkSi infcern&oiwans; were consumed with fire, anq the VicH^^aSered the moat excruciating * - -wnotnerstory dealtyritb a witch-named Pasta-. Baboo. • She lived in the mountains. She had font tieade, andcnly one eye for each head.: She was fourteen feet high, and could kill anything a.hundred miles .off by simply blowing Iter breath. If a wife wanted to nd herself of: her husband she secretly visited Posta-Runoo, and gate her a present of to bacco, In return the wifereeeived agreypowder wrapped up in a inango leaf. This powder she mixed with her husband's food, when soon after partaking of it he turned into a huge and hideous worm. Then the wife would run to her neighbours crying that there was a fearful beast in her house, and praying them togo and slay it.. Of course, the men would seise their clubs and spears, and, rushing to the house, kill the worm which then had to be consumed by fire, otherwise it would come to . life again, and destroy tho whole village. " But how does the widey who turns her husband* into a worm account for his dis-. appearance?" asked the Giant. That was an easy matter, Ginger explained. She gave out that hur husband had deserted her, and gone off to another tribe, where be had taken a fresh wife. Or otherwise she de clared that he had been drowned while fishing, or had been eaten by an alligator. In that case she would go into mourning. "In to mourning," cried the Irishman. "How the deuce could she do that when she had no clothes?" *' Welly well," replied Ginger. '' She makee sort of paint, and put on body," "Beaad, that's an .aisy and cheap way of providing clothes," mused the Giant. ' I'd loike to introduce it into the native counthry." A fourth story was about a witch, who rose from the sea. She was a beautiful witch, and all the men who looked upon her fell in love with her. She was called Toam-Toomer, or the wife of the sharks. She had a phantom boat, into which hor admirers were induced to get. Then the boat moved off, and when gome distance out she would suddenly sink, and the unfortunate men .fell a prey to the ravening sharks which were in waiting. Ginger had an inexhaustible stock of these ■ wonderful legends, and might have gone on for hours, but the Giant had had enough. He was full of superstition himself,-and knew plenty of a similar kind of stories about his own country. But in that lonely jungle, with tho booming sea in the distance making its hoarse moan, and thousands of dead men's spirits flitting amongst the trees, it wasn't pleasant to hear of these uncanny things, so he told Gin ger to— '' Hould your wist." Then, like a child who doe3 not like to be in the dark after listening to ghost stories, ho piled up a heap of dried grass and icavea, and as -they shot into a flame Ginger uttered a great cry of fear, and, pointing towards where the black cook lay, he muttered, as he seized the Irishman's arm— "Makee look, ICanu-Beni: him kill black cook." The Giant did look, and, sure enough, he saw what appeared to be a large black bird, which seemed to be sucking the cook's exposed feet, while its wings waved up and dowiTwith agontte rhythmical motion, and without asound. Ginger was terrified, and the brave Irishman was unnerved for a time, but in a few moments ho seized his gun and exclaimed— "Bedad, it's some black baste that's doing mischief. Take that, you blackguard." Suit ing the action to the word, he swung his club bed gun round in a circular motion, and hit the "black baste" a blow that knocked it several yards away. Then rushing to it, he was about to strike it again, when it flew at his gun, fastened on it, and squealed and hissed hideously; bold as he was, the Giant dropped his gun ami retreated. But by this time Sherard Ralston and tho carpenter were awake, and as soon as they realized what was the matter, they quickly slew the bat—for bat it was, of the vampire species. The cook was aroused, and it was found that he was bleeding profusely from a wound in the too where the vampire had boon feasting on his blood. As soon a8 Ginger had recovered from his fright, he rushed off into thb jungle with a torch, re turning in a few moments with some small leaves, which he proceeded to chew, and that dorte, he applied them to the wound, thereby stopping the flow of blood. The bat's stretched out wings measured five feet from tip to tip, so tliat it was a formidable antagonist. Tho Papuan would not go near it, and the Giant seizing it by one of the wings, hurled it round his head, and flung it as far as he could into the dark depths of the forest. All "hands were now aroused, and suddenly the skipper—whoso bonds had been loosed, to enable nun to sloop more comfortably—partly sprang up, and uttered a most unearthly yell, a yell that seemed to penetrate to the remotest recesses of the forest. His eyes appeared to be starting from his head; his face was hag gard and wild, and he tugged and strained at the confining cords, shriek :ng all the time. It was a horrible scene, and his companions were quite unnerved; but they managed to secure him. They liatned his head with water, though it had no effect, except it was to in crease his excitement. It was a terrible position for these men to be placed in. To see their friend and shipmate raving mad, and to have to stand by unable to do anything for him, or at any rate very little, was heartrending. Not one of them had the slightest medicaf knowledge that was likely to be of practical use in a case of this kind, and nothing tries brave men more than to have to realize that they cannot help a comrade in distress. The fact was the hardships the skipper had endured, coupled with great mental strain, anxiety, and the shock of the accident, had produced brain fever, and his companions had neither the appliances nor the knowledge to enable them to cope with such a terrible- malady. Of course, they did their best, and women could scarcely have treated him with greater gentleness. Bnt the poor fellow, in his irresponsible fury, cursed them, and there isi little doubt he would have done them and himself injury could he have broken loose. During the time that this painful scene was being enacted in the lurid glare of the camp fire, Ginger had been keenly on the alert. He feared that the shrill, piercing shriek the skipper had given might betray their where abouts to the mountain tribe who were on the warpath. So he had crept forth stealthily into tho gloom of the jungle, and had listened bore and listened there, and he had climbed a tree to "smell," with the result that pre sently he rushed back into camp, and whispered to Chibbles, who happened to be nearest to him— " Master Ohibble, black men; him come." "What do you mean?" asked Dick, failing to gather the meaning of the communication. 4 Bad mountain men, bim come to gobble «s up." " How do yon know?" " Me hear him; me smell him. Hark?" * Dick did "bark," and the crackling and 562 Tustfing away^ toe fotost told plainlyenough msomebody,wasayy; J "the natives are afxiut*to attack as." TheBrmsLwere instantly seized. Thcawivel gait waa placed in position, and everyro^was on the alert. - ■■ ■? Minutes passed. The suspense, the mervo tension, were terrible. Ail Was silent now. Not a sound was to be heard. And nothing ■could be seen save the silhouetted trees. But m a little while there suddenly appeared, away in the darkness, a point of light, that soon re solVed itself into some semblance to a face; but such a faco! Hideous would hardly ex press what it was like. Great staring eyes, huge teeth, enormous masses of hair, ears like an elephant; and from its mouth there issued a roar that might have been mistaken for a steam syren, had the syren been then invented. "Him a great sorcerer," said Ginger, in explanation of the extraordinary sight.. "Him got war mask on make white man frightened." v If repulsive ugliness could have frightened those brave seamen, then, indeed, they would have been frightened. But they were made of different stuff to the savages, and though those naked children of the sun, who had swooped down from, their mountain fastnesses for a little diversion, might have struck terror into . the hearts of their own countrymen by the illuminated mask, it failed to produce any such effect then. "I guess I'll punch a hole through that thing,' said the Yank, as he levelled his gun, and was about po fire. " No, don't" said Ralston, as he seized his arm. " Lot them attack us first. If they like to amuse themselves with this pantomime business, let them. To fire at them now would exasperate them, and they would rush us. Very likely, as it is, they will fool about until its daylight. That will be to our advantage. I, for one, prefer to see my enemy." The Yank recognised the soundness of the argument. The day would dawn in about another hour. It ^yould, therefore, be better to wait. • The cook, who seemed none the worse for the wound the vampire had inflicted, as, fortu nately for him, it had only just commenced to suck when it was disturbed, was still attend ing to the skipper, who was very restless, and tossed and moaned and babbled of far-off scenes, and of people whom ho would never see again. And the little group of men, under the tacitly acknowledged leadership of the second mate, spread themselves out in a semi circle, peering hard into the darkness, and straining their ears to catch any sound. Ginger lay at full length on the ground, which, to his supersensitive sense of hearing, was like a natural telephone; and every now and again he reported, "Black men, him no go away," he would say. "Him creep and creep. Bym-bye him make big rush." The whites were consequently kept on the alert, with their nerves strung to the highest pitch of tension, and longing for the dawn to break. It was a sensational situation, which might at any instant develop into a fearful struggle for bare life. At last to the eyes of the weary watchers appeared the herald of the new day. In the east came a splotch of deep red, that paled and paled to glowing gold, then an amber glow crept over the sea, chasing tho gloom and the shadows away. Suddenly the whole sky broke into a mass of burning, brilliant colours. It was like a fairy scene in a pantomime. In a certain sense it seemed unreal; unearthly splendour. And yet it was of tho earth; that part of the earth where Nature apparently exhausts her arte to dazzle the children of mon with a glory and richness which, when described to the dwellers in cold, grey northern lands, sounds like a transcript from some wondrous Ara bian talc. The sea was very calm, and its 'oosom was one mass of palpitating crimson and gold, while the spray that rose up from the reefs foil awav in cascades of living amber fire; and the islands that could be seen floated in a dreamy, senuous haze, and, like Mohammed's coffin, were suspended between heaven and earth. O the beauty of it all! Alas, that the trail of the serpent should mar it! The bursting of the dawn—and " bursting" is quite a correct word to use in this connec tion, for in those latitudes day comes with a rush. It is as if the gates of night are sud denly swung back and then there streams forth in floods, as the light streams from a furnace when the door is flung open, an ocean of dazzling colours that, imparting their hues to the land and waters, work a change that is positively startling in its suddenness. The bursting of the dawn was the signal for a de moniacal yell to arise from the forest, as a band of naked sa.vages, armed with shields and spears, sprang from tho ground, where they had been lying, smelling and listening, fortunately for the white men, being afraid to attack in the dark. From a yell, those sun bronzed children of Nature broke into a strange weird war chant, battering their shields with their spears, and executing a mad, fantastic dance. They were splendid specimens of anatomy. Powerful legs, massive chests, cyclo pean arms, Their faces were daubed with dif ferent coloured pigments, their bodies looked slimy and greasy, for they had been rubbed with oil, while their hair was frizzed out enor mously, and in many the nostrils were djstorted and extended by the insertion of pieces of bamboo, while the loins of the ears were dragged down by circular discs of wood. Standing apart, apparently engaged in some incantation, was a massive man, his head and face hidden by an enormous mask so hideous that no gargoyle ever designed by human hand could have compared with it. From his waist down to his knees was a sort of skirt of native grass, puffed out>s a lady's skirt used to lie in the old crinoline days. On the left .arm, from the shoulder to the elbow-joint, lie wore many armlets, some of them dazzling in brilliancy. On the right arm between the wrist and elbow a living snake was twisted, evidently a tame one; while on his ankles were rings of small shells, loosely strung, so that they jangled with every movomentof the body. ! This uncouth, grotesque figure was altogether remarkable. It should lie added that round his neck was a necklet of shark's teeth, and a bag was slung in front of him, from which he every now and then took something, and waved it about, at the same time malting contortions and genuflections, which were rythmie.fl and by no means ungraceful. "Well, bad "cess to me," exclaimed the Giant, "if ever I saw an uglier-looking Guy Fawkcs than that fellow. What in the name of Holy Moses does he mane by dressing himself up like that? the dirty ould spalpeen. Does the ould fool think he's going to frighten us? Shure, if he comes near me, IH give him a whack that will make him think there's been a big earthquake." The good-tempered Irishman was as bold as a lion, now that daylight had come, and was itching for the frav. "Him mighty sorcerer," explained Ginger. " Him cast spells." " Casting speHs, is it?" cried the Giant. " I wonder if he can spell shillelagh. Come here, my bould boy, and I'll give ye a taste of it, and youH not be able to spell much after it," and as he spoke the Giant flourished his 9tick in a way which indicated that he meant what he said. <^>»agingtheirchant,theinto ii^^TO^htirl^^ the blast I^^whSfwind, they flungtbemselves forward, throwing their spears at the same time. But the foremost of the rank came to .grief, immediately against Ginger's maskeddefences. They wontdown with acrash, and those behind, unable tostop themselves, fell all in a heap. At that moment the second mate fired off the swivel-gun over the heads of the savages, and he called out to his companions to discharge their guns in the air. Fortunately, the flight °f spears had all gone wide of their mark, and the defenders nad. not been touched. The shot from the swivel struck a giant cocoa-palm, completely cutting the trunk through, so that, with a pon derous crash, the tree fell, and the earth trem bled. To add to the uproar and din was the frightened screech of many birds, which min gled with the frantic yells of the savages; and, rising above it all was heard a shrill, piercing, blood-curdling scream, which came from the unfortunate skipper, -who, aroused to a pitch of awful frenzy by the noise and the roar of the guns, wa3 locked • in a terrific death struggle with the black cook. 