Raillery h rnke her leg in tho HurdK; Race ot Rand wick oi i Saturday, and -Had to be destroyed. Mr. W. T! aomson., hon. secretary of the cycling carnival, ca ai«i in for a good chare of praise nt the picnic yeste rday. It ic said that the Maitland branch waa the first branch to I jccoine affiliated with the New South WbIoe JUea; juo of Wheelmen. The Tas; uanian Axemen' « Association have nomi nated Frai ik Gcnlrf to rcpiesHiit them in a match with Cum ,ti at thn Caledonian feathering at Maclean on 25tfc. M uy. The stultus are £50 a-sido. The coi omitt .'f.' of the V7eat Maitland Branch League fch ould he pleated w:th the attendance on the oporii ag duj. The takings at the gatea amounted to £U0. A tr-ottir ig a match fcrJSlCO aside took place at Brisbane o n Saturday between G. Baynus' Stella and W. S tevens' UaroW, - }l mile. Stella waa favourite a i 2 to 1 on, and she won easily by several Jengtho. The brot hers J., A., and W. Delaney had the mcuntB on t ilm first, second, and third horses in the Doncaater j Handicap on -Sat tz rday last. Such , a coincidonce has neror before been beard of in tho f coloniea. Micb Dooli )y and P-iter Felix fought in Melbourne oa Saturday night. It was a Bcraggy affair right through, for Fulix only ie-eived ono blow and never got onc-tn, ai id he waa glad to be counted out when knocked dowi u Successful j ocli eye at tho ±, J. C. meeting on Saturday weivt — Hurdle Race, Kegan. Autumn Stakes Parke r. Two-Year-Old Maiden Stakes, J. Lamb, Doni water Handicap. J, Delaney. St. Leger : Jas. Dough. High- Weight Handicap, Ettridge, The. i/ueenB. nnd Turf Club ireeting was poorly attended on S, iturday4 but thero was good racing. May won the Trial Handicap. Golden Spray tho Welter. Hsndici ip, Irish Stew .the Eantur Handicap, College Cap th e Junior Handicap, and Fred the Totaliaator Stak es. Ownorc end ti rainern having -horses engaged for tho next Molbo urnts Cup intend to potition the V.R.C, committe- J to havo the conditions altered bo that the -winner of any ovont -under tbe value of £%00 after the declaration of ? weights will bo exempted from pi malty. Speaking of the abandonment of. tho May meet ing by tha Hay Jo ckey Clubs ' Augur's Ghost' iu the Narandera Arg lis finys.i ' Why not plough up the course and bow 1 it with wheat end oats, then perhaps nert year t ?.hey would bo .able to do as in Maoriland: give gi nia prixoB.'' Whilo a man natri ecJ Frank Ward, (a Hawkesbury player) was taking p art in a match against Central Cumberland al; Par raixatta on Saturday, during tho latt over n? tho d ty -3oodlin (Cumberland) hit a ball to leg, and W ur-d darted along ab a great I pice to liavo a foure r. Just an he. .cached the boundary liue- his leg' gwro way and ha fell with great foivccv fracturing iii« hip joint. Sires and dams of winoors at the A.J.C. moeting on Saturday wore : — ITiwit Hurdle 'Race.-: Loslio, by Bulgoa— Atlanta. Aututmn Stakes : Delaware, by Trenton — Genoata. Two-Tear-Old Maiden Stakes i ... Fucile, by Carbine— Venice. Donooator Handicap : Courallio, by .Gemma-di-Vecgy— .Honoymoon. St, „ Leger i WniUuop, l»iy Carbine — Melodious. High Wolght Handioap: Littlo /tgnoq, by Trenton — Domo Agnea. The Easter Cycling Carnival of tho. Adelaide) Lenguo comraeaced.cn the City Oval cn. Saturday. Martin v7on tteo Ono-iind-a- Hivlif Milo Firat-alaaa linco j Taylor the -Seoond-elasB Ou«-at)d..a-Half Mile Race, llfi'f-mihi .Handicap! BlckforcJ, Easter Gift, of X30; two iKjilofli Tuylor 1, Borgatcom 2, liandoll 8. ii.urtin fell in tho Half-mile, arid in thu Easter Olft Haul -.two npolioe o^ his whool.got loose, and ho hud to givo up. It ia oo vory seldom we hoar of a 'soller' being sold after tho so-wilied Belling races that it- is re-, freshing to noto a f-ilu. . Uou T'on, after winning, tho Soiling Race at OuulCold oa Saturday caused some splritud bidding whon tbo auotionoer got hold 'f hiis., and u lii-fclo uuploapftiitnesu too, Mr. Miller ovontually cfoli tho ^eldiug for JJ100. Hon Ton woa only hold on leano, and it is aald tho -loaseo had nc authority from tho owner to sell. At the V.A.T.C. Knstor raneWng, at Caulfiold, on Saturday, tho Trial Stakes waa won by Delovby ..?Oudois— Latonr.) tho Hurdle Eroo by ilTero'g Luolr, Swlvollor— Piilkay i tlio Kiwtor Handicap by Tin stream, G uig -Forward— Tlnfindnr i tbo Sleephj' .ahane by Romanoo, Drtiito-FictJon | tlio Selling JIhoo by Bou To;:, Tiii'f-rmiiy— Soclel.j' { and the Brighton Himdlcap by ]Ju(lgorco,,'M,uri'ol]oua— Elsie. Mr. O'Bliunsimpy'H falHo rail watt ua«d for all tho races, aud gavn groat Ratlsfoclion. Mr, F. Hawley fluid y mitorday that oyolinl:s always , lookod forward to tho .oarnivala promoted by tho Maitland Branoh of tho. Now South Wales Longnii of Whoelninn, becauso they know 6hoy would nlwaj'H voccivo exeolient fcroatinonfc, and -thpir stay ?waa upually made mont pleasant for thom. Mr. M, G. Pholan Bliid tho Maitland body was tlio bt'Bt /jnivnagod branch of the Lphruo, and ridors -troro so glad of tho opportunity of-ootnpotlnp ab klie.oarni wain that there -was alivsyo n;&'00d niimtor ofJiioliro- 1 I'^yoHfcftU rlclorii. Tho uuullnrH .Ionian and Trnasicloi' mot In Nfcw onolilo on Siiturdny -evening nmlmntohodthomBolvas 4o row a raoo In nklflic for X10 a»Hldo on thn lflth Inntiiint. Groan (Uerhain) and Walsh (Walliioud)/ had a lot of talk abuut a inatoh, but nothing was! oomo to, nnd Walsh withdrew £.?, ho had iloponitod., ITo nald ho fully expentfid Graim would havo rowed in watormen uklll'rt, Georgo '.rowim wun InNowoautlu on Saturday and ho gave hoiiio lutorviowors to (iiulorntHnd that ho will bo III iiotfn ou Friday jii|jlit to niBot Chris, Neilaoii Aiul arriiuf.;6 dotnllo for tho projaotud matah, Koaponuo nnd lOillatina woro thought by tlioir trninoro to havo a show tiuonnil to nonu in iho Donoaatur, but nullihor of fcliom raally had a flhow | wllili tlio wlnnor, Oouriilllo. ICallatlnn iniulo A | -3rodlfc»blo;[rtm (on tho mils la tho atrnijjhtj bub could not pace it with tho first three. Albecore, too, was another likely winner, but after making the running for about five furlongs she cried enough. True Blue waa condemned by somo of the Newcastle touts for want of condition, but his owner and trainer knew the most, and he was baclied for a lot of money. His position nt the finish showed them to be the best; judges. The Porta Complimentary meeting at the Mel bourne Ej:1 ibition track on Saturday was well attended. Hogan won the Second and Third Class Handicap, miles. Harris boat Parsons and Groenwood in the-Two Miles First-class Handicap, and won the Half-mile Invitation Scratch Race, beating Parsons and Porta. Parsons and Porta raced three distances, — half-a-mile, one mile, and two miles. Parsons won the half-mile, Porta tbe mile, and ParsonB the two-mile event, Don Walker lowered Zimmerman's quarter-mile record from 30% sees, to 28-£ sees. He made two attempts to lower tbe half-mile record, but failed. What promises to-be a moat successful meeting was inaugurated on. Saturday at Randwick, and tho attendance on opening day was one of the best seen for years. Tho weather was beautiful, and tho racing excellent, the finish for the St. Leger being a very exciting one. His Excellonoy Lord Hampden waB proaont, and prominent racing men from the Victorian side wero also present in great force. Racing began with the Hurdle Race, and the betting showed a slight preference for Namo and Liens, Raillery 'fell, and Narao got rid of M'Mahon. Moat of the running woa Made by the winner, Leslie, though Llena waa making up ground very fast when .she struck tho lust obstacle very heavily, and spoiled her chance, being only able to got third. Considerable interest waB -taken in the Autumn Stakes, weight for age, for whioh half-a-dozon stripped. Dela ware was favourite at first, but a rush on Valiant brought him equal with Delaware at 8 to 1. Delaware took tho load from the three furlonge. Whon opposite th6 Leger stand ?yaliant challenged Delaware and aftor a groat set to tho son of Trenton— Geneata beat Anteua'a son by a head, Acmena anothor head away. Baokors laid 2 to 1 on Fucile for .tho Two-year-oli Maiden StakoB, but they wero not dolighted whon they saw Mr. Ilordorn's gelding Snapshot running Fucile such a bard race right up to tho post, whioli tho latter reached a head to the good, Tho winner is by Carbine — Venice. Thero woro twonty-on# starters in tho Doncaster Handicap, Albeooro being favourito at G to 1, with Raaponao and Patrona at » point longer, A lot of others woro well backed, Cournllie, who had ruled favourite in tho betting for .a tinia aftor tho weights appeared, was quoted at 12-to 1. Ho got away woll whon tho barrier rose, and occupied a good position just bohind Albocoro whon they .turnod.-iato cho straight. At tho end of tho Loger stand, Courallio shot out, and never giving tho othors a chance, won by throe lengths in lmin. dOJaoca., ibein,)}- followed by True B'uo and Response. Tho St. Legur was looked upon as tho best of good things for Wallace, but baokors -who luid G to 2 on tho son of Carbine — Melodious got a great shock. Whon only fifty yards.'from tho post Cabin Boy lod Wallace, and it was only, tho latter'a gamo ness thut pulled what looked a forlorn hope out of tho flue | ho caught Cabin Boy a fo w strides oil tho post, and won by half-a-longth. .-Tho Morry Boy was a longth bohind Cabin s-Boy, nnd Tho Skipper and -Fort woro a length and a half further away. Tho -High-Woight Handioap was tho last raoo, and backers woro content to tako 2 to 1 about Littlo Agnos, and tho daughtor of Tronton — Darao Agnns won easily by two lengths. 