A STUDENT'S DREAM. * Then, boys, I suppose I have to go ! I addressed the party with a cheerful tone of affected indifference, in hopes that some one among the number, more fond of midnight adventures than I, would volunteer to act as my substitute. " Yes," replied one of the students, smiling, * the die has cast your lot." Having secured in me a tool to serve their purpose, they wished me success in ray adventure ; and, bidding me good night, I soon found myself alone in the dissecting-room. As I sought for the implements requisite for such an adventuru as I was -about to engage in, I in -wardly wished that I-h ad never begun the study of medicine; and bitter were the invectives I cast against the fate that had selected me as the unfortunate one. Securing the necessniy articles, I laid them on the table until such time as 1 was ready to rally forth. It wanted two hours to midnight; and to pass away the time, which I knew would hang heavily on my hands, I selected from the book-case one of Fennimore Cooper's works, "Oak Openings* Seating myself I began its perusal, hoping that it would prove sufficiently attractive to engross my attention. In vain did I try it. My mind was worked up to such a state of nervous excitement by the thoughts of coming events which did not "cast their shadows before," that every line I read contained, in my imagination, such horrid deeds of murderers, stalking ghosts, and gravediggers, that in disgust I hurled it from me. In its flight it came in contact with a skeleton which stood beside the door, and with a dull thump knocked it over, scattering the bones hither and thither over the floor. With dilated eyes I gazed upon the wreck ; but being too timid to touch the sacred bones of the departed dead at that hour of the night, and especially when there was no one in hailing distance, I decided to let the angust particle of said deceased try a night's lodging on the bare boards. **Surely, thought I as I consulted the spirits within my pocket companion, in order to revive my own spirits," he won't feel any worse than I do. Imagine my feelings as I sat there, with " no one to love," or cheer, me up with conversation. Nothing but grim old skeletons surrounding me on all sides. The " Oak Openings" had knocked over the candle aud blown the light out; but I Was not" left to pine away in total darkness." The mellow, ailreiy beams of the moon, which was then high in the heavens, came peering gently through the windows into tne room. The evemng waa clear and cool; and the passing winds swaying to and frothe branches of an old *Im which stood beside the house, caused mints without, sighing their mournful dirges, perhaps craving admittance to remonstrate against my projected desecration of the graves of their companions. I staggered to the window and gaud forth, hoping to find something without that would divert my attention. But for the lowing of distant herds, and a discordant quartette gratuitously gotten up by sundry sympathetic and decidedly unpathetic specimens of the feline species, who were perched on a fence directly beneath my window, all nature seemed at rest. I was torturing my mind into a pitch of frenzy by my gloomy meditations, when I heard with joy the old town clock ringout the hour of midnight. Hastily throwing on my overcoat, I buttoned it tightly about my throat, making the collar hide my face as much as possible. Concealing about my person the articles I needed, 1 slouched my hat carelessly over my eyes, and silently descending the stairs, I was soon out in the street It was a glorious night. _ The minutest objects were visible at quite a distance; and had not the moon, which was sailing majestically through the silver-tinted clouds directly above me, convinced me to the contrary, I would surely have laboured under the impression that it was broad daylight. The gentle zephyrs caressingly touched my cheeks aa they danced murmuringly along; and indeed, it was just such a night as gallant swains would select for a promenade wherein they undisturbed might whisper into their idols* willing ears the oft-told story of their love. But it was anything but such a night as I wouid nave selected for the perpetration of the outrage for the accomplishment of which I had been delegated. An hour elapsed before I came in sight of Cypress Cemetery. As I approached its boundaries the cold white marble monuments came in view ; and the unac- opuntable courage- which I-had displayed Oh toyWAV through the silent streets thither suddendly flagged. I commenced trembling with fear, and while my heart palpitated vio> lently, and almost audibly, cold shivers ran through me, and beads of icy perspiration gathered on my brow. This was the first time I had ever visited a graveyard in the silent, solemn hours of midnight ; and I turned to flee from the spot as I thought of the atrodoun crime I was about to commit. But thoughts of the scornfol contempt with which my companions would recieve me if I proved myself, in their estimation, a coward unequal to the task, nerved me and I determined to secure the corpse at all hazards. Vaulting the cemetery fence with no light heart or willing bound, I cronched beneath the" shades of the cypress foliage to secure my movements from any casual observer, should any be lurking about, as was often times the case. As I stealthily crept along, thinking how miserable I would feel should any one disturb the grave of my own dead mother, for whom I was then in mourning, I was startled by a voice whispering to me in alow, measured accents—" Do unto others as you would be done by." I turned to face the speaker; but no One was there beside myself; and attributing the language used to some of the many freaks of my imagination, I continued my way in silence. The monotonous quiet that prevvaled throught out the cemetery was suddenly disturbed by the crovnng of cocks in an adjacent farm. Thinking that the com- I stumbled prostrate over a grave. I felt the ground trembling benealh me- I was sinking—sinking ! I tried to rise; I could not, and I cried aloud for help Oh, the untold misary of that moment! A tremendons roar, as if in his indignation Jupiter had cast a thousand thunderbolts at once from the heaven^ and amid flames and chaos I was sent flying through the air. I fell again senseless, and when I awoke it was only to confront a grim phantom which stood directly before me, " Arise!" it commanded; and some invisible aid brought me tp my feet, for I was too weak and terrified to assist myself. " Depraved, sacrilegious, presumptuous mortal, are you so vile and thoughless as to wander at this solemn hour within the precincts of these hallowed grounds ! Who living belongs to jou, that you seek them here ? , I tried in vain to reply. The words I would utter melted into air on my lips, and the phantom continued :— " Know you not, oh, wretched, miserable mortal, that herein are the homed of those who seek rest in eternity? You have willingly and premeditatedly man. transgressed have disturbed the laws me, of heaven and called and man me forth You from the slumbers of ages; and as you sought your fate herein, 1 shall seal you* doom." . • • It then beckoned me to follow it. I tried to turn and fly from the spot; but I could not move a step backwards; and I had lost all control of my limbs. I tried to scream, hoping thereby to gain assistance ; but my lips would not speak. "Great heaven, deliver me !" I inveribly prayed, as I felt my legs carryiug me wheresoever the phantom went. At last we arrived at the summit of a high precipice, overlooking the cemetry for hundreds of miles around. Here we halted, and the phantom, raising its arm, pointed to the plains below, at the suite time commanding me to look. There waas the town beyond; and too plainly did 1 see, amoung the .many buildings the one in which , happy Tears fill my eyes, and I bowed my head only to gaze on the dismal, oras^tx' rocks, thousands of feet beneath me. I was standing on the very brink of the precipice. The slightest movement would have hurled me into eternity, and my brains would have moistened the moss covered rocks below. Oh, the torment*, the anguish of that moment! " Vile mortal!" began my torments-— and I looked up to hear my fate—-you have now seen your home where once yu were, and could have yet been happy had you respected the graves of our dead. You have but a moment to live, for already I acent the morning air The moment passed. It beckonetl to me,saying ;—" Come, come, you booby; are you going; to stay here all night ?" And a rough jerk brought me to my senses. My chum, Qua Beaumuut, stood before me. The doctor had finished his lecture, and I had been dreaming'. 