AGAINST GAMBLING. In the early days of the seventeenth century Sir John Suckling wrote a quaint and bright and argumentative poem against F uition. - He favoured perpetual bud and bloom, and regarded fruition, the seed time, and the harvest as the beginning of a decadence which might and should be in all easo.B postponed, and in some alto gether averted. Sir John, doubtless, in this, as in other matters, was well convinced of his own wisdom, but the world went on wagging much as usual, and his song was forgotten, while his theory- died still-born. We would not place the various divines of our city in the same cate gory with the poet of the Stuart period. The ghost of the old cavalier would start from the dust and ashes of his sepulchre if such a proposal was seriously made, and simultaneously there would b9 a gathering of the skirts of black Geneva, gowna. and various academical r.obo3 to guard the sacred personages within against contamination or pollu tion. And yet ic is very much to be -doubted if the united clergy crusading pgainsf gambling will be more successful than was the cavalier poet against fruition. The insur mountable difficulty which seems to lie across the threshold of their w&y; i? to define the exact point at which legitimate busiuesa ceases and gambling begins. Beyond all comparison the greatest -apd most inischievous gambles we have known in have been those of the land booms in Melbourne and Syd ney. 'Widows and orphans by thou sands, once well endowed, now ruined and desplate, deplore them. Next came the mining booms, and nextperliaps that utterly insane tram-share boom, which ip Melbourne beggared hundreds of thrifty folk, After them a very long way, come Cup carnivals and ordinary paging events. Yet" we dp not re member a voice pf warning from any pulpit during the periods of these monstrous inflations. On the con trary, nob a few of our clerics, lijte other professional men, were in the swim, and like tbem in the end. were stranded. Stili there is, of course, a difference between the laying of doubles, the support of totea and sweeps and thoBo big commercial games where the belltoppsr and the frock coat are always prominent. Youths and boys, women and girls, are lured into ihe shilling and the sovereign games, wherein the possibility of the hundred and thousand to one chance always exists, and so come ruined homeB and lives, wrecked reputations and blaBted prospects. Against such eventualities as these the churches need must speak, as rulerB in the land must legislate, but the ovurlasting dif ficulty will be that fixing of the line of demarcation between reckless venture and legitimate investment. ' Legis lators will need to approach the matter f,with. much caution, and the question' arises, surely, if the churches would not do better to give themselves more earnestly to the for mation and upbuilding of that soil of sound .character in wh'oh the seed of gambling could not germinate. Gambl ing is a veritable Circe cup to all' who partake' of it. It changes tho aspect of the world. It cloaks and transforms aotual facts with glamour and gramoirys, but the best work of the churches will possibly be found in warning youth of all the dangers that attend the first risk, and . in being very careful that they them selves be not, in however modified a form, ministrants at the shrine of the fascinating iniquity. 