QUEEN OF NIGHT BY HEADON HILL, Author of "GUILTY GOLD," "Zambra the Detective/' " The Bajafc'e Second Wife," &C.;, fee. Pvhlished by speeial wrrm§ffintmA Messrs. Ward, Lock % £oeod«n,£id. CALL BIGHTS BBSKRVSD]. PROLOGUE. An octagon room, softly lighted by hanging silver lamps, and carpeted with Eastern pile of such generous woof that footsteps fell -noiseless; the incense-like odour of fragrant wood burning in ,an antique grate ; one priceless picture—no more-yon each of the eight walls^; and a whitedraped dining-table bright with the glitter of cut crystal and the dull sparkle of ruby wine. At the table, facing each other, two men in evening dress are seated. Empty coffee cups and the curling wreaths of cigarette smoke mark the close of the 'repast, and even as we ring up the curtain of this eventful drama one of them—the guest—-makes a move preparatory to departure. He is a slim, elderly man, with atooping ehouldeis and a faded faee of the aquiline type usually called, in cant phrasa, axistocra^ic. He haa already half risen, from the table, when he appears to remember 1 something • Drawing forth a pocket-book, he reseats himself, and, poising a pencil, sends a curious, furtive glance in the direction of his host. " By the way, Vizard," he says, nervously, ? I was so interested in what you weresaying that I neglected details; Would you give me that address before I go ?" As he waits for the answer his eye? wander to the pictures, to the flowercrowned epergne, to the dishes of hothouse fruit—anywhere but to meet the cal/Ai gaze that is watching him from across the tables The fingers that hold the pencil tremble like aspen leaves. The voiee that gives the information is clear-cut and musical. " My dear Sir Simon, of course I will," it says, " The name of the vessel is * The Queen of the Night,' and the agents are Nathan and Co., 315 Harp Alley, Fenobureh Street. They have a West-end branch in Pall Mall, but if you require a special arrangement, you would have to do business with Mr Nathan himself—at the Gity address." The host—he who answers the question •—is by far the most strikiug peraonaJity in the room. Six feet high and splendidly proportiGnedyheattractsattentioji'rathei by the magnetic power of his well-chiselled face than by his inches and the muscular force revealed in the broad chest and shoulders. Clean shaven, with square massive jowl and deep-set unfathomable eyes of steelly gray, Gaston Vizard—the mystery of four London seasons:—is known' in the beau mon&e; he frequents as the handsomest man about town. Yet there are one or two keen observers—women mostly—-who avow that they have surprised an expression on those readily-, smiling lips .that has turned them faint 7 with fear. Ho one knows his o^gin, though that matters -not nowadays when " dollars maketh man." He is immensely ncii, and, in the jargon of society, is " r© caived everywhere/' jusfcifying that reeep tion, too, by the perfect breeding of hij manners and by the princely hospitalitj dispensed by him both herfe in Ms Park Lane-mansion and at his country house in Hertfordshire. Even his nationality has never been rightly .settled. Some say that he is of the "old- French- noblesse, but born in America; others that he led a revolution in Chili and escaped, more fortunate than most of the kind, with his money and his life. For the rest, he might be any age from thirty to forty-five, and any one meeting him in the street might take him for an officer of cavalry. | The guest writes down the address and again rises with the evident intention of taking his leave. Vizard comes round from his seat to accompany him to the hall, but once more he who has been called Sir Simon hesitates, aud with a quick nervous gesture detains vhis host, from leaving the room. The latter stops short with Ms hand on the -door, and, towering over the" shrinking .figure, invites further questioning with a mere elevation of the eyebrows. 'It all seems so risky," faltered the elderly man. "How should I open up negotiations with Nathan—for what you call a special arrangement, I mean—without fear of compromise ?" iVizardrtakes fromMs^'vest pocket alittle sheaf of'cards, neatly blended together, and, selecting one, hands it to his guest. " Give him that," he says. "Nathan will understand that you mean business and are properly introduced. Tou need tell him nothing beyond the name, and do nothing but pay what he asks. The terms are high, but may be regarded in the light of an investment. There will be absolutely nothing in writing. It is the essence of the system to take all risks without compromise to clients." Sir Simon glances at the card. , It is blank, save for a red heart pierced with a Mack arrow. " Good God, how horrible I —a sort of modern lettre de cachet," he s, shuddering. "And you are sure, Vizard,, that this will be effective—that there will be no hitch P ft would be terrible; to tempt fortune in such a way—and fail." There is a touch of amused comtempt in Vizard's tone as he replies, ** There are no failures. If Miss Challenor takes the 'trip under the special arrangement, her health will receive the attention you require for her." With these words he opens the door as though there is nothing more to be said, and leads his guest downstairs to a splendid entrance-hall, where two tootmen spring quickly to attention. - Due comes forward with Sir' Simon's hat »nd inverness cape, and the other flings open the front door to summon the waiting brougham. A few words of commonplace farewell are exchanged, and the carriage rollg away, leaving Vizard gazing ^fter it from the top step with an injectable smile. There is nothing to distinguish the neatly-appointed equipage from the hundreds of: similar ones it meets as it turns into Piccadilly; yet it bears the beginning of a train as deadly as any ever laid to mine of gunpowder. After a minute Vizard goes slowly up. stairs again to the octagon room where he has entertained his guest. Toughing 1 a hidden spring in the wall, he reveals a cunningly concealed iron safe, whence he takes a small moroeeo-bouad ledger in which he makes a few rapid entries. What he writes is in cypher and quite unintelligible to any one not possessing the key. This done, he replaces the book, relooks it in the safe, adjusts the secret panel, and is glancing at the clock, whenafter kaooking, a man-servant enters tic announce— " Doctor Zavertal," The »subject of the _ announcement follows * utckly into the room, aud Vizard advances -to greet him with the effusive cordiality of one who is pleased to see a congenial acquaintance. This only lasts, however, till the servant has closed the door and retired. The moment tliey are alone the show of demonstrative friendship is dropped b'n both sides for something: closer still—for a brevity - betokening that their relations are confidential and intimate. J" Everything is in order ?" inquires Vizard, not with any anxiety of manner, but as though some importance attached to the answer. " A most satisfactory cruise," replies the ioetor, rubbing his hands softly together in true professional style as he seats himielf in an armchair with the air of being thoroughly at home. ^ He is, in his way, almost as remarkable as his friend—this English-speaking medico with the curious foreign name. Short in stature, he is rotund and stout withal, and wears on hie broad weather-browned face a cheerful . expression of good-fellowship that may well make him a favourite with his patients. But looking closer, especially now that he has thrown restraint aside, one might see in his blue eyes, smiling though they are, the same steelly coldness that has been noticed in Vizard's grey ones.?. Seen here for the first time in private, and narrowly -studied, he would perhaps give the impression of a man who is always playing the part of "a genial soul," and that the character, though not • natural to him, has become so ingrained Chat he lays it aside with difficulty. Gradually, as he talks to his companion, of strange doings on the sea, his face hardens, ; and the purring: smoothness of his voice takes a more metallic ring. : Vizard, evidently knowing the doctor's habits, mixes a glass of claret and water and hands it to him without remark—as a matter of course. Then he leans his back against the mantelpiece and pursues his - questioning: * ".News of three of the ' specials' reached tne in ordinary course of post. There was stilt one unaccounted for when you left Gibraltar ?" "That wag Trefusis, the Tyneside coal* owning millionaire," says Zavertal, sipping his claret. " He died as we were crossing the Bay of Biscay. Hemorrhage of the liver with complications, I was able te certify." The two men look at, each other strangely. There is a dash of droll humour in the doctor's eye, a cynical twist on Vizard's mouth. Then the latter says— ' ; " That was rather leaving things to the last, was it not? The off-chance oi having to bring him home for btfrial, ] mean." "There were circumstances to canst delay; being in charge on the spot, I hav< often to be guided by such. You ear have no idea what trivial thing3 occur tc hamper me sometimes. L would rather bring a 'special' home - again than take risks," replies the doetor, with a tinge of remonstrance in his'tone. "There was no difficulty whatever," he adds j" I was able to say that the nature of the case de- ' manded immediate disposal of the remains.: He was buried the same day, at sea." "Good," says Vizard. "The 'special* : department is on a; sound footing, then, > and will show a handsome balance on the voyage.^ Is there anything fresh r in ordinary administration ?" " ies; we shall liave to find a new skipper for next cruise," replies -Zavertai, - not, however, as though the information-^ were of unusual importance. " Captain Luck expresses his intention of giving up the command, ^and. I expect his xesignatioa. ia on the ^way to Nathan by this time. On parting from me at'the Docks this" evening he said he had fully decided not to make another trip in £he 'Queen.'" / - "He does not suspect?" says Visaxd, impassively. " Oh, dear no—nothing of that jrind," returns the doctor. . " I flatter myself he would never have left the ship carrying so much as the germ of suspicion with hi™?. He has been promised the command of &- steamer in the Australian trade—a regular liner—and ,he thinks the prospect more' certain than on a pleasure cruiser only running part of the year. He has been talking of chucking the berth these several voyages past." "H'm," reflects Vizard aloud J "Luck .combined the three essentials of good seamanship, social charm, and nraan stupidity. It will "be difficult to find sueh another aU in "a hurry, but it must ba done. My 'special' arrangements for next cruise are nearly completed, and in a ' day or two wa shall be able to give Nathan the date of sailing." -* "Excellent Gaston," saya the doofear, approvingly. "And-how many * fecial 1 patients do you hand over -to sue this time?" „ , - "Two are finally'settled—the young Earl of Darranmore, a,-boy of fourteen fresh from Etoh j and Desmond Orlebar, a country gentleman from Hampshire/' re. plies Vizard, with the coolness of an auctioneer cataloguing his "lots." "The fest goes at the instance of his uncle, 1 - Kaiph Darran, who is next heir to the title; and the second under the auspices of his wife, who I suppose has some feminine reason for desiring a change. Then to-night I have had Sir Simon CraWv shay here. I have been playing him—She half-hearted coward—quite a long while for his ward, the rich Miss Chaile Jor, and he is as good as captured at last. * He went away after dinner with the usual introduction to Nathan in his pocket, and you know how that pans out." " Yes j they never draw baek when they have confided in you so far as to extract that gentle missive," assents the doctor. " We may count on three, then—all told— and quite as many as I care to have on one trip now that the boat is so popular and crowded with ordinary pleasure* seekers. By the way, that new rule that 'nnnniala ' eVioll •<• . .. Che private arrangement is eminently satisfactory. When we first began We narrowly missed more than one miscarriage through clients, by being on board, having the chanee to relent at the last moment?" "I thought that would strengthen the system and lighten the strain upon you" remarked Vizard, with the lazy self- contentment of a man who has fathered a good idea. "And speaking-of vigilance reminds me, he adds, stiffening up and taking a step forward to look down imwessi^ly into Savertal's upturned eyes, " I had n -avices from Cincinnati a week afo that Kennard is in Europe." . ^ - The doctor laughs, quite harshly for a man of such genial temperament, and for the space of two seconds the crow's-feet on his broad face deepen into visible Channels Then he says jauntily, "And what of that ? 1 beat him before and could do it again. They make a little god of Mm in the States—as the greatest detective of the age—but he doesn't often meet men." " Quite so," replies Vizard, "and his present journeyings can have no concern ffitu us. But as be alone knows you- record, I thought you skottfa to aware that lie is on this side the Atlantic. Os myself he has no knowledge—for "whica, perhaps, he rather than I should be- congratulated." Doctor Zavertal's only answer is a smile; of intense amusement. Then, after a pause, he rises, and draining hie glass, says, with apparent irrelevance— " The ' Queen of Night' sinks all ©V itructions, eh Gaston ? " t CHAPTER I. HARD LINES. "Deuce take the luck." That was the phrase which embodied my sentiments as [• kicked heels in the outer office of fiie Flower Steamship Company while the Directors deliberated on my case in the seclusion of the Board-room. I was as uertain of " the sack" as man couM be. £ knew it from the proverbial devotion of our Board to red-tape; I knew it from the sympathetic glances flung at me by the clerks f rom behind the great brass-rimmed counters; I knew it from what good old Beatson—kindliest of skippers—prophesied when he promised to "speak: a word;" ind, above all, I knew it because I am a sailor, and, believing in presentiments, believed in that which told me that my hours as first officer of the " DaMia " wera numbered. Directors are fond of letting their jawtackle run, so as they are safe for another ten minutes before they have me in for sentence, I may as well spend the interval in overhauling my log of what has thrown me* on my "beam-ends . My name is Cyril Forrester, at that time thirty years ©4dj' five feet ten in my ^stockings, sound in wind and limb, and holding a master's never yet in command of a vessel, aawl under present circumstances never likely to be. The Flower Line of steamships, as every one knows, plies between London and Calcutta, touching at the chief Mediterranean ports; and the little incident which gave those gxim oW. hunkses in the Board-room the chance to get theii knives into me occurred on thedast voyage out. ' We had left London, on a Taesiday afternoon, and all went well till the following Thursday morning, when we were steering ' a steady fifteen knots across the mouth of the Channel. It was my watch, and except for the quartermaster, who was steering, 1 was alone upon' the bridge, tshe captain being at breakfast in the saloon. The weather was thick, with a naety choppy sea, and the third officer, who shared mj charge of the deek, was forward on the fo'castle seeing that the lost-out man didn't go to sleep. Suddenly my ears were startled by a scrunching crash from, , as far as 1 could judge, about two hundred ; f yards off on the port beam, followed by screams and shouts which told me as plain as words-could speak that two vessels were in collision close at hand. Almost at the •. same moment the haze broke a little, and \- showed me the black hull of a steam-collier ' , slinking away to the westward, and a smart, yawl-rigged yacht cut dbwn to the ^ water's edge, and with scarcely a minute to float. £ altered the " Dahlia's" so as to 1 bring her round to the sinking i craft sing- ' ing out at the same time to the t hird officer A to clear away a boat. As we -neared the y yacht I could see that all was co nfusion on J her, and no wonder; her one boat was stove I ' in, and the rascally collier,' instead of , standing by to help, was already out of \- sight in' themist. To make matters woise, I caught sight of ladiies on the sloping deek, and I knew that unless the. \- yarl, floated a few- minutes longer they , * wbtild be jn danger, since our ship came round but slowly on a jammed helm. I was keeping one eye on the men engaged in lowering the boat and the other on the , yacht, when she plunged forward, -V \ihfen staggered back and-went down stern? foremost, leaving her people straggling in ' the''sea. 0,ur boat was -still atihe davit, the freshly-painted gear working stiffly^ and 1 could see that any one who was not a i strong swimmer would be swept away : and drowned before they could be picked up. It was no time to reckon rules and * ^consequences, and almost before I knew what 1 was going to do my shoes were kicked off and I had taken a header from T - the bridge. • \--Our ship had greatly reduced the dis- -tan.ee, and a few strokes brought me "to the , -scene of the disaster, where about a score ' Of people were keeping themselves afloat in the best way known to them. Luckily the J j^i:, yaeht. was too /.small to have sucked them iiown. An elderly gentleman in flannels. 1 with a life-belt on, was hanging on to a , apar, and'a man who looked like the sailingmaster was supporting a lady who was screaming at the top of her voice some r - word which I could not make'out. The rest—all .men, and evidently the crew -< were swimming strongly towards the *-> ''Dahlia." > , I was beginning to think that I had been rather too officious, when a draggled "whisp of blue serge, rising in the water between one atfd the gentleman on the spar,- caused •> me to change my mind and feel glad that I \- bad come. It was the insensible form of a woman, floating limply to the surface for ' the first time after immersion, and on the; point of linking again, when I managed to grab jher by the arm. I noticed no more 'd •concern than that was she now was with young the and arrival lay^uite of the a mI * r "boat. featherweight Looking, in round, my embrace, I was glad fox my to see chief it eomitig towards us fast, while the " Dahlia" herself was standing on at quarter speed ' - lust she £>h.MuId run down the yacht's crew, ••' 1 - ,-who weie already reaching her side. sfpi tieeing- how I was hampered, the third ltS -officer steered his boat straight for us, and after picking us up went on for the sailingmaster and his burden, last of all- taking P Bts in the^ man on the spar. m Five minutes later we were all safe on board the " Dahlia," and the two ladies, who were alone the worse for the accident, were handed over to our surgeon and stewardess.' The passengers, who had come up "from the saloon to witness the rescue, crowded round me with the usual fuss of ^ngra^ so -thsit another ten minutes passed before I could slip into dry clothes and join the captain on the bridge. He shook hands "with me warmly, but he was looking as solemn as a church. " This is going to end badly, Forrester, I am afraid," he said. "You only did what any decent chap would have done, but you know as well as I do that it was dead against the rules. To leave the bridge with no one in charge is a heinous ; crime with the wiseacres of Leadenhall Street, and I am bound to log the incident." "I never gave the rule a thought," I said, " and I don't believe it would have m.uie any -difference if I had." i'iiere having been no loss of life, the ex-; citemeut soon calmed, down, and we stood un uur course, southward. It was ascer-; • tinned that the sunken yacht "K"orah" had been chartered for a channel cruise by Sir Simon. 0 raw shay, the elderly man who iiiid sared lnmself by clinging to a spar, and that the ladies were respectively his sistur. Airs Beauchainp, and his ward, Mis? AEne Challenor, the fatter being the girl whom I" had: managed to pick up. In the course of the morning I heard that Miss Challenor hadqtaekly revived tinder the surgeon's treatment, and that Sir Simon had decided, to go on in the " Dahlia" to Naples, whence he would be able to take hisparty hom&ovetlandmore; expeditiously than from Gibraltar. • I saw no more of the ladies that day, but during the afternoon, being off duty, I was talking to some of our own passengers , on deck, when Captain Beatson passed in ; conversation 1 w^ The latter had been fitted with dry clothes by some passenger, and. he appeared to be none the worse fear his dip. I cannot say that I took much of a liking for the man. I saw by the furtive way he kept his eyes askance that he had recognised me, and one would have thought that under the circumstances he would have wished to say something Civil. But they - passed and repassed several times on their promenade,' Sir Simon always at that moment finding an object of interest at the' other side of the deck, and Captain Beatson too; busy with his discussion to notice surroundings. At about the: fifth turn, however; the skipper's eyes chanced my: way, and he _ at once brought his companion to a halt, introducing me as the officer who got Miss Challenor into the boat.S' ; Wow though I come of a fairly decent family myself, my father having been a clergyman and the {grandson of a peer, I went to sea so early that my dealings with the aristoeracy have been, limited. I was therefore not sure whether Sir Simon Cr&wsh;&y;'s manner towards myself arose from blue Mood or from a black heart j but even if it was infra dig. for a baronet to extend his gratitude to a mere officer in the Merchant Service, I thought it singular that he should show such callousness about his ward's escape. «Oh, indeed! - very interesting,and- all that sort, of thing, I'm sure,was the extraordinary reception he accorded rue, addingy with an artificial smile" designed apparently - to show - an expensive set of false teeth, "And did. you find the water cold ? " Then, without waiting for a reply, he put his hand on the captain's arm and wheeled him round to continue his "He's a beast, Forrester— a perfect beast," the skipper said to me when we were alone/upon the bridge together that evening. "His treatment of you was only on a; par with his conversation with me. He is thinking a good deal more of the loss of his effeets on the yacht than o£ the safety of his sister and his ward." It was not till the next morning that Aline Challenor appeared on deck and I formed the iacq^uaintance.-that:was destined to lead, to such wonderful things. lean see her now, as she came forward with both hands outstretched, a dainty fairy of a girl, with a clear, fresh complexion and real violet eyes that could be frank without being forward. Her own simple blue serge yachting dress had been dried and put to rights for her, and I should never have recognised in the smart little figure the poor palej 'half-drowned creature whom I had held in my arms the day before. As she thanked me in a few words for my help, I thought I had never seen such a pretty girl before, and—there! as the whole of the story hinges on it there is no need for secsecy—I fell over heels in love with her there and then. " I am very siad to have been of use," J saadj trpng;noi3 to /show: myadmiration in my face. But there is really no reason why you especially should thank me. You see I just went it blind,' and it was as likely to have been one of the others I ehanced upon as you. I am glad it wasn't, You shall not rob me of my gratitude," she replied. " At any rate it didn't happen to be one of the ethers, and it did' happen " to be me, and—and I shall never forget it/ 5 From that beginning our friendship grew rapidly, as it only can on ship-board, and by the time the " Dahlia's " bows were turned eastward through the Straits it had ripened into" that; latter phase of friendship in -which, without ^awkwardness, there can be leng silences. Sir Simon's demeanour towards me continued curt and distant— that of his sister, Mrs Beauehamp, equally so—but he could not very well forbid his ward to speak to the man -who had saved her life, and though it -was,plain that he viewed our« increasing intimacy with cynical dislike, he probably counted on the coming separation at Naples to put an end to it. If so, he was out of his reckoning by about thirty hours. We were that time distant from our port of callj and I remember as if it were yesterday what a beautiful Mediterranean evening it was, when Aline and I shook off the chrysalis shell of friendship for the golden butterfly of love. I found her behind the aft wheelhouse—that tipie-honoured tryst of seagoing lovers. TTor several minutes we watched the white streak eddying from the screw without speaking. Theji I said— ' " Aline, are you sorry that your voyage oil the'' Dahlia' is se nearly at an end ?" It was the first time I had called her by her Christian name—a fact of which the significance will be appreciated by those who have " been there" themselves. Her answer came, faltering a little, but prompt enough for me— " You know U shall," and then after a was shyly added the one word !< Cyril." This is no love story—there is< sterner work afaead^and I'have not space, even,ithad , the will, to write down here the words in which my sweet girl and I plighted our troth. All I can say is, that though I had seen thirty years without any - sweet-hearting, it came natural Enough at last, and that when we left the shelter of the wheelhouse we were bound by every promise to be faithful kTeacb other against all odds, all opposition. As the time we -should "have together was to be so short, we decided to keep our secret till my return from the Eastern voyage, when I could try to secure Sir Simon's consent to a formal engagement. Aline; would not come of age for a year, and in the meanwhile, under her father's will, she was not permitted -to take any step without her guardian's sanction, though in our new-found happiness we paid but little heed to possible opposition from that quarter. At the worst there would be but nine nonths, from the date of my re- turn, to wait before she would be her own mistress. So we parted, full of hope and mutual trust, in the bright sunshine of Naples B*y, and bore I was, on the day-after the " Dahlia's'' return, waiting :to be: carpeted for the " grave dereliction of dutv" which had given Aline back her life. Even as I came to the end of my reverie a bell rang, and a, clerk invited me to step into the Board-room, where oca glance a.t the faces of my censors told mo my . iate ; at. once. The chairman, an old fellow whiskered all round his face like a cat; and having a fierce eye, rose at once—rose, too, as if he liked the job. " We have fully considered your case, Mr Forrester," he said. "'While quite re- :0gnising the: gallantry of your act, we cannot pass over the breach of the company's rule which forbids an officer to leave the bridge till another officer has come up to take his place. As a practical sailor you must see that the ship, and —ahem—the lives of. the passengers might be endanger© by such an irregularity. We regret exceedingly on many grounds, but your employment by the company must terminate with the voyage just concluded." On the whole I managed to keep my temper, but I said a few polite things about their rules which made the old gentlemen look very thoughtful before I bowed myself out and stepped; down into the street, a cast-off servant. My first impulse was to charter a hansomand drive to the address in Grosvenor Square at which Aline said I should find her, but then there rushed over me the sudden remembrance that thesituationhad altered. For the present I was a broken man; and, although I did not despair of getting another berth, a feeling of pride urged me to take some steps to that end before presenting myself to Sir Simon. I knew not then that my girl was a great heiress, and that a first mate's proposal for her hand would be nearly as presumptuous as that of a penniless pavement-trotter. I knew a restaurant frequented by merchant service men near Fenchurch Street Station where the shipping newspapers were taken, and thither Imade my way to see if the advertisement columns had anything in store for me. Seatingmyself at one of the round tables, I gave an order " for the j*ood of the house," and started to go through the list of vacancies systematically, but without finding the ghost of an opening in my line. Finally flinging the papers aside in disgust, I rose to leave the place, when my eye was caught; by a written notice stuck on the wall. It ran as follows:— "The owners of the screw- steamship 'Qneen of Night,' 7,000 tons, used as a pleasure cruiser or ocean yacht, require a commander having the necessary certificates. In addition to the. usual qualifications as to seamanship, etc., he must be of good social address and able to act as host to the passengers on terms of equality. Apply to Nathan & Co., 315, Harp Alley, Fenehureh Street." As I finished reading, and before I had digested the words, a lean hand was laid upon my shoulder, while a garlic-flavoured voice croaked in my ear: " The nofeish ia to your liking, my young captain, I hope?" Turning quickly on my heel, I saw that he who had accosted me was a little shrivelled old Jew—or, ratber, the quintessence of about fifty Jews boiled hito one, so pronounced were the national characteristics of fleshy lip, hooked nose, and shining protuberant eyes that looked up at me with a cunning leer. ' (To he Continued). 