ORIGH2STA.L STOItY ^The Mystery of tbe Willow Farm. BV PAUL TWYFORD.) III. — (CosmraKD. 1 Don'fbnrry back, but let me have just an boor and Bee If I don't bring back one, at least— that is, if the ghost has not frightened them all ew&f; and -in saying this he made a grimaoa at Tom, who . est with hie chin testing on his palms, looking straight into the red etchers. Joe was a born sportsman, Bad, wet or dry, nothing pleased him better ping beating the bosh for game of some sort. Tom gave a sigh of relief as Joe left the boose whistling a comio air, and turned to ma Via oAflMuf fttM 'Old friend/ he began, 'you'll think me strange — perhaps mad — when yoa hear what I have to say. It is better that yoa should know it, for somebody else will — and there's no knowing what may happen.' 1 Then yoa did see something? * God help me, I did ; and I shall never rest again. When I thought yoa were asleep, I got np, and ran nearly all the way here, for I felt the etorm coming on. I had fast time to knock on a fire when it came on in real earnest — thunder, lightning, wind, rain ; it seemed as if the end had oome — for the room appeared to me to be fall of mov ing thine*, having neither substance nor form. There followed a lull in tbe storm, and I eat looking in the fire and thinking of Mrs. ' dear Zara ' 'What ! is that her name? what an out Jaadish name. Did she tell yon F 'Tee; her father was a Greek, I believe, .bat that is Immaterial. Whiln thj-nHnff of : her I felt a slight toaoh on my shoulder. I turned sharply round— there was nothing ; and again I looked, into the fire for her dear faoe. Again my shoulder waa touched, and again I saw nothing. Then I determined ' to watch, and turned my faoe from the fire, looking into the gloom with strained eye balls. Presently I began to see something ; moving, it came nearer and nearer, until I oonld see a muffled figure beckoning to me with one hand, while pointing with the other to another room— that room in there — (pointing to a doorway at the end of the room in whioh we sat), t followed ; I couldn't resist Outside the door is a short, dark passage, off which is the room where I saw what w?ll never be effaced from my memory. My muffled guide seemed to carry an electric light ; yet I saw no lamp. Tbe room was lit with the same pale blue light — more like vapour than anything else fofrfc I can think of — and though black as jet all round, I could see distinctly a bed, on which reclined a man— apparently asleep— ttnA by his side a woman. 0 God, how can I tell you whom she waa like ! no, not only like, but it was die — Mrs. — , Zara 1 She was awake, and presently rose on one aim and peered into the sleeping man's faoe. Tor a time her faoe was hid com me, then she turned, and it was amply demoniao in its expression. From under her pillow she '4rew a long, bright dagger, and without further hesitation, plunged it deep into the man's breast. He sprang up, in a spasmodic sort of way, then, fell back, while the blood Sported all over the white oounterpane. Apnrn and again the sharp blade was plunged into the dying man's body, and then thefriend — the woman — Zara, raised her bead and smiled straight at me; her dark eyee teemed to pierce me through and through. I seemed to fall across the bed, but picked myself np from the floor. It was all a phantasy ; there was no bed, no murderess, j&o; murfered man— nothing but a halo of yn-te bine light showing a dark patch on the i floor. It was blood, for I felt it— see, it is on my hand now l* ♦ No, Tom, your hands are not blood stained. It was all fancy. Let as go and look at the room.' ?No, no, no!' he almost shrieked, 1 not for a kingdom !' 1 4 Then 1 will go,* and I groped my way to ; the chamber which was in black darkness, i groaped all round the room and felt nothing. j 'There's nothing1 there, Tom. I'm afraid you're in for a fever, or something ; you're £uite ntimftntifld about something.' ' No. I swear 1 saw what 1 have described. Go and look again— here, take this burning stick, it will light you.' I did as he desired, aud saw nothing — no, I am wrung, for on the floor was a big round patch of a dark oolour. I felt it ; it was dry — my were not stained. i * Did you see anything, Phil f 4 Nothing— only a stun of something on the floor — but that's nothing.' \- Nothing ! why what else can it be but blood. See here, Mrs. ? — , Zora — my Zara— is a mnrdarew— the man was her has band— yet *be wears no ring. Ia it not ftransre p® ? * Well, yes, there is something strange about that woman, I admit ; but as for the {rther, it is fancy. You are not well ; here's , Joe — with two possums, Ideclare ; let us now get book to camp.' Day was breaking, and Tom offered no . objection. He went out into the road while Joe and I stood for a mrnnfte lighting our pipes by the fire, ' Joe. just a minute, grab that blazing stiftk, and follow me.' Joe stared j but . did as he was bid- Our blarin a fire-stwks lit up ihe zoom so that ws rtuld inspect it thoroughly : the walls were compact, no Openings of any kind save . window and door, the forme; being dosed 1 wish board shutters. ' Joe noticed the black stain -m Che floor, and wondered what it was. 'It is hard to jay — name aoddeet perhaps 4n the old day* ; ponibly a man shot and jHid theee* No doubt that has given rise to 1 'Hotfcejlw'BawfoIly excited, and I bar pip*, tibsB Idterediis jrina, »jiiig that — -ko6gef It was quite light when we dipped into nor room, waobeCTed as I Sbonght, for .Hubert ni if* arieep. We slept late, onta we W» WW ttf oor Iriih friend, who JudinrtlrtwnodfrtanaUthe, he told -u; J' been baTing a 9™ tete-a-tete with Jfe., ? .' \- A booting flxmorion ws» planned, and a few amnxiee afterward* Hnbertand I found ' .rl' , duuelftf together among th e rows of corn, tiL; faomiJjeboaae. ?Mil, dd nan, oon^rstnlate me; Hn. ia, Kant. has acceptedme,* ' . Br-a»*je, m Ha . — ~ taU joainr '? Hat bom -earns to be hannted— or,«th«ir, why they «*y it fa r -i, ?jTtf d- niWih. It kherproperty : belonged, I think, to har hnsband.' ? a, - . ' 'BAwlurttdattonUabfitottooaiadyP . . : I.oannot e»y. Bot lifl* aB UiSe art*nW#ng T. mM Hnbett *itt Mne \- ' W«a,» fefend, fism you I may « wdl tw yooUiat mj tdiaJMpiot joo \- *od T-» JSWipto me.' \- . Wh-lfa ? -7 ? ? . &*.*???? he ia only * tor- Thenue ih»t WOfSdt : totif bs doc't dream of Jfa. §- -r. 0-/ -IMa~«i-r,i^^aa 'Ha !— ha fi-ha ! and saw the ghost, I sup pose P Poor boy ! I must talk to him.' * No, don't talk to him ; leave him alone in hit! fancies. Talking will do no good ; let them die out.' * But did be see anything F 'Tharo is nothing there for him to eee/1 said I, evasively. * Of course not. Ghosts I why, ghosts vanished from off the face of the earth at the end of the last oentaiy. But let ua go now, or they'll think we have bolted and he whisked me along through the rows of tall, dark corn-stalks as if I wore a feather weight. ~~vT But little remains to be told — and that I should be able to tell it grieves me rnuoh. It is a mystery to this day how it all hap-, pened ; and gird as I may, the actual perpe trator of the damnable crime which wound up our holiday, is still at large— that is, she who was the cause of it, eeoaped and lives unsuspected by all but myself, and, possibly, Joe .Clemens ha vre. Be that as it may, I will relate how that dreadful time ended. After luncheon the boats were got ready, and several hampers put aboard. Mrs— — — and Huoert were the gayest of the company; the old lady was pleasant, and the two young girls did thoir best to cheer Tom, whose despondency they had notioed. There were two boats— the larger seating the old lady, the two girls, Tom and myself; the other was to be rowed by Hubert,* Joe, and Richard, with the 'fairladye' as oox swain. But when we were aU ready for a start, Richard was missing. We-ooo- ee-d, and ooo-ee-d, but the man did not turn up, and at the moment one of the maids came down from the house and said she had seen him rowing about in a small skiff just before we came down to the wharf. 'In that case let us «o,' said Mrs——. 4 For he has gone ou ahead.' So away we i went, laughing and singing, all save two, i my poor boy, Tom, and myself. I certainly | had no presentiment of trouble — I feared ! only because of Tom's melancholy— whioh I attributed to his being unwell ; and also that j something might occur to cause unpleasant- 1 ness between jiim and O'Neill. We arrived at the little bay and landed ; made a fire and had tea, and then romped about on the grass until we were all hot and tired. Then someone proposed a bathe, and we men made for the boats—' whenlo ! almost in the twinkling of an eye, Tom was miss ing, aud also the smaller boat — and strangely, Richard had not yet turned up. I felt troubled at Tom*e going off by himself, but still felt no alarm. The three of us had our swim, and then landed at a very promising place to look for ferns for ' the ladies '—so O'Neill said. Hubert went in one direction and Joe the other, while I sat on a rook by the bank watching op and down stream for Tom— for I was getting uneasy at his ab sence. Joe soon returned ; but after waiting for nearly an hour, and the sun was getting low, we began to ooo-ee for our big mend, Hu bert. Getting no reply, we followed the direction he had token, ooo-ee-ing as we went. Still no reply, nor sign of We entered the boat and pulled along by th& ImwiV, railing aloud his i but no res ponse. Joe then soggestedthat as theplace we landed at was on the same side of the Btream as where we had left the ladies, Hu bert had probably made for themin order to take them by surprise. The idea was feasi ble; aud we polled back . expecting to find both Hubert and Tom there — bnl, alas 1 we were sadly disappointed. The consternation of the women folk was great indeed at our two friends' strange disappearance, and the old lady also thought it ' very strange ' that Richard should hare kept away. ? ' Never mind him— he's nobody,* said Mrs. ?? — ; but your two friends, Mr. Brown, whatever ban have happened to them f I was almost speechless with dread, and for the life of me I-ooold not have epofaa civilly to the woman had I tned. It was now dark, and Joe, ever practical suggested a return to the farm, in order to organise search parties. We did so— Joe and I puHing sOently— end I may eay in re gard to myBelf, almost savagely— for I began to hate the woman who sat facing me, with her fair Greek face and catling lip ; her blue black hair and dark blue eyes, melting in lore one moment and blazing in anger the next. We had a lantern in the boat, and by its dim tight I eaught.sight of this woman s ? face, and it was deadly in itq,palor and ex pression ; the poor old lady rooked her body and moaned, while the giris sobbed. Yet the woman most concerned sat silent, with com pressed lips and blanched cheek ; and 'twas' only when the older woman made some piti ful exclamation, that she spoke— she - fiercely turned upon them with '-Shut up your whin* ing, it is my trouble, not yours.' We aroused the neighbors ; and ia a very.' short time half a dozen boata, and twice as j many men, were engaged in searching for our ^ missing companions. All night long we' .rowed about, and landed ; built fires,, and ooo-eed and did all that oould . be done to dis- ' cover them; but the cold grey morning dame; without a reward, and. we returned to the farm miserably dejected. Neither Mrs. - ' ? 1 nor the old lady had, gone to bed all night, -nd it was pitiful to see (heir grief -stricken faoes— though the younger woman put un a bold front Yet she clasped my hand convulsively when T. approached her, and hoarsely whispered: ' D^ yon think they are drowned !' ' Madam, how can I tellf 1 replied in my severest tones. About nine o'clock, as we were mating some show of getting breakfast, in walks Richard, carrying a fine flub- He looked haggard, and his foxy eyes were blood shot ; while 'his boots and trousers were muddy. Questioned, he said he had been fishing, but : had met with an accident, dipped from a rook land sprained ins ankle sonmdh sothat he had been lying out all night rauftiie to move. It was quite feasible; and as for ids not joining us in the excursion I oould quite understand that. - He memtA .attested1 votfs tlilpiwi Km mdtfa ; nodi saw bet dart * totk of iraffabls ewn ?tjb^. iaaa, Jie ? trfmredMd ?/ 'We ware joat jmrnowinK to'Jttit, «fen WB aawa nagh.boui'a Inatpalling iBia the rfer, and a maq ia the faaatMrfnff Mrs.- — slso aawlheboat abd EBndown to Ihe hading to meet ft. Ahd old eail covered something lying in the bottom of thet-oet; one of the men lifted it, and there lay the body of poor Tom Stein worth— wet and sodden Wl his fsce all Uoodr. Mrs. ? ffldnot «rean: to eUnohedher hands and oompi ussed her lipe, while het faoe bore alookof mat ahrfA/ ' Foor Tom: til fbrM mi tnuafaed^ how, '*»? ««dd not We xeuoved the tod; to iKPUie; and Hrt^ — wiled BSA&d.; He «une;and aoore laoc^ug loekT»e«t8ftw-iaiafnan. ; ; 'Siohs^ '-ride to tin fay for the dootcr; aod teQ ldiA and the pcdiei to ooma ; he»»# ' ? * '? ? ?? ? He %ad hardly left hat : aide when Ab : odledtfterhSn : ' 'Nerer anskd{ here Is Kr.— ^pointing to a seighbonr) he will go^I oa^t qwe 7 &L;? /? - /: We bad a!l just aat down to a late toa wiun aloudhafioawas ^eardat tia wharf* Joe andl were out in an ; down to Jhe^Water r^rs-hea-8a^-'- ^ -eons staUa ,iollo«fnf. A^ |-oat.was ttoe, and lytogintt'sbottotB-t^aBPW^jinhad been— was ,the mailed bpdy of Hubart O'JSeiQ. I^j aaangled, fc * «ne acm jrta bwte,wtee-oapgnaifaod and there was ahugegudi along theliead ihio^iwlddathe tniu were tmesL Xbrtuiiiw foondtt * at wates*# alge nOt lH ^ 'feiiBi not there irbaC . vtHm joaie lkwia Ibdtoe. ntmii rar Tout* The whole thlaj: was in oompf^hfcyl Wfi ; : Ifearned to tell sDyoue whst I tHdcght * ? I desired to spare the reputation of toy two dead friends, aud I had no proof whatever t« suggestanytiiingelse. The woman was tsfener for she knew more than I did - and no do&bt; her suspicions were well foauded -^whatever they were. When Rlohard retired to rost, his room door was looked, and the polioemnu put the key io his pockct- I sat by the dead all night— Mrs. — - — coming iu lit intervals— while poor Joe, fairly worn ont, lay down upon a verandah seat and elept. Where I sat and watched waa but a.fcw feet off the room in ''which Richard slept ; . yet it was ont of my sight Anyone oould have entered without my seeing him: once the policeman looked into the chamber of death/ and I heard him stop at the~door of Richard's foom — as if listening. , Next morning tfra man did not appear at breakfast ; his room door had been unlocked early, but he could not huve left it without being -seen, for the polioemau was not . the only . ope on the watch. At , nine xi'clook one of the mauls , knocked at the door ; at ten the old lady, and an ? hour latter Mrs. — — . ; and .there being no. answer to her appeal, she beokoned to me and the polioemau. ' Open the door,' she said, with an air of proud authority. The policeman opened the. door; the man. was in bed — dead. There was no sigu of a struggle, nor mark nor bruise to show how he died. The dootor said he bad died in his sleep. Mrs. stood looking at the corpse for a minute, aod then left the bed side with a peculiar smile upon ^er olastic features. It was a smile of satisfaction— a cruel, hard smile— and I wondered how the woman could smile at all.' r Joe and r have met maoy times since that terrible occurrence, and have religiously, drunk to the memortes of oor dear old chums, and as bitterly cursed those who 'hurried them to their death, be they living ur dead. We have discussed the whole matter eo often, and so otitinally, that we ought to be'a}de by this time to see light, bub I confess that the whole thing Is as dark as ever. Neither of us can hold Mrs. —— MumAiftBa ; nor can we believe that she was not identified in some way with -'the horrible apparition whioh really forewarned poor Tom of his fate; and when we speak of Richard's sudden exit, while the bodies of our two friends lay yet unburied. ws look into each other's eyes and read, eacn other's thoughts oorreotly. We do uot know ; bat we both have the strongest belief that one, at least, of our friends died by that man's hands, he being at the time mad with jealousy: As for his strange; death, there can be but one opinion as to whose hands cauBed U. It is wrong to misjudge at any time— but serious, indeed, in a case of a suspiciously sudden death, and where there was so much mystery as we found pervading the family at the Willow Farm. ThbEhd. 