T H E M Y S T E R Y O F GLENELLIS. " Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people iu thif age believing in such ntter nonsense 1 It is toe ridiculous V There was scorn in Miss Rothsby's voice and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her companion, Charley King, a young ciul engineer, was amused, judging by the smile that c»mc and weut before he made answer, in a half-soothing, half apologetic tone— " Ah, now, don't you think you are a little severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idiosvocracy ? You know a belief in which one is born and brought up is a part of his very mtiire, ac«pt,d in most cases without queatioe or reasoning. A few of our old men, I tbiuk, rlaim to have seen anil heard something very extraordinary in the Glen years ago—before my time ; as for tbe rest of us, I suppose not iialf a dozen have ever been there ; we simply ignore the place." " That is exactly what I supposed,*" returned Miss llothsby, triumphantly. " Those antediluvians who sit rain or shine, in front of hotelf and suloous, tall their stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make others believe." " l'erlnps you are right; but t'jat does not alter tiic f •< t that the Glen bears an evil rrputation, and we are all familiar with the blood curdling stories of deeds said to hnve happened there."' " It seems to me they can easily be explained Doubtless when this country was new tbe Glen w*s the rendezvous for ruffians and outlaws : secluded, almost inacesaible for those who met there to bu surprised. To doublv sicure themselves they circulated horrible tales, raised a few ghofctn, {and made occasions to impose them upon tbe credulous tarly settlors. There is the case in a nutsht-11.'" Charley shook his head in doubtful way that irritaied the pretty philosopher. " Very well put, Miss Kothsby; but there are certain things—*" " Nonsense !"' she broke in half laughingly, half angrily, " I kuow 1 ou are going to -av something ?tupi<1 and old-fashioned, and I will not pi rmit it. The robu rs are dust long ago, and the ghosts and temble deeds vanished with them, you may be sure ; yet have vour all, for such a palpable imposture buried in oblivion the most romantic an-l beautiful spot 011 e»rth. l ie upon you, young men, to kt such a state of things continue ' " " But what cun we do about it ? We were taught to r» spect the opinion of our elders, and have done so." " That's all very well ; but respect can be carried too far." " Well, what do you suggest ?" asked Charley, a trifle impatiently. " That the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let the placo be invaded by merrymakers, and the spell will be broken. Once known it w.l! become famous, so that people will come from far and near to see. it.*' " It may bn all just as you say," responded the young man. •* But you forget the flowers. You told me that on the fin.t day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-rcrl blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower became white. How do yon account for that ?'* " I don't try to account for it. Who can explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stem exudes a milky substance, and then a red fluid, a third pure water. AH are equally wonderful and incomprehensible. , — Itisatr8urd - - 10 affected by a phenomenrn just because one doesn't understand it." •• Nevertheless. I think the flowers are the neatest objection to our project. Their peculiarity seems unwholesome, to say tbe least " i suppose to-and it is such a pity ? You lansot thick Low 1 have set my heart on this jiicgic in the Glen. Imagine tho effcct of on<-. or two hundci rd lanterns, there is aol a thing 1 could wi-h chunked." Exopt the tloners'* " ICxei pt tbe llonerf. I wish they would disappear for 'Ut one evening Do you think we can pertuade the ethers ? " " We'll try : the idea will be quite startling, however We shall meet with much more opposition from the parents than from the yonng folks and if we hasten matters it will leave less lime for talk. Friday will be the * harvest moon.' wby not have it then ?" " Just the thing ! Do you suppose Blarney and his harpers wilt go " No, indeed, nor any other musicians in EUendale. We'll have to forego dancing." „ .„ „„„..,. A moonlight If theharpers picuic wi'hout wdi notTieiifto danring ? Preposterous ! my powers of persuasion papa must furnish the music : he knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us." " I will tell you beforelinnd that you may as well reserve yeur powers of persuasion for the papa? and mammas, aunts and unch s, who declare they have beard unaccouutible sounds issue from the Glen. You will i:eed them all, and wish fer more b if ore we successfully lay Ihe ghost. Ah ! here comc Letty and Tom Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and Miss Anuie behind them. Good ! Now we can begin the attack." Charley King bad returned bnt a few weeks before this conversation from a five years' absence in distant, lands. Among bis fellows there none had a higher reputation than be for those qualities which men us well a.s wonn n most admire. It was not strange then that pretty Miss Rollisby, whom be found visiting uis sister, an old schoolmate, t-hould find l i'ii particularly at tractive, and be, for iiis pwrt. ha-i declared lo himself, alter the manner of null hard hit at first, sight, that it should be Miss Rothsby or 110 one About a mile from EUendale was the haunted glen of which they bad In en speakinr, marvellously beautiful and picturesque. Miss Rothsby had sprnt many an hour th<Te,fer her friend and hos ess was an impoitint peisi n-.ge in household aud parish matters, and there were timet; wh<n the ri-ilor must en!c; tain herself. As she was a gecd walker she soon knew 1 he country for mi'es around better than n-.ost of the young women born and bred in the town, and so discovered the beautiful and si eluded spot which bore so bid a reputation. " Better not go there agoin, Miss Rothsbv,"' her h'-si snid So her wl.en she S]«ike of her expedition at the dinner table, and wr,iid«red that no charming a pluce wss so little known. "It is humiliating to admit that we are the victims of superstition, hut everyone in the community believes that the Glen is haunted." " Then, as I should immense'y enjoy a friendly chat with a bona-fide ghost, / shall make it a point to go soon again," laughed the young lady. *• I hope not.''said Mr Kin?, gravely, " for I feel ib eply up.ni this subject. You, of course, noticed the oak tree t!::it hides the put'iuxy ? It was planted nrben 1 was -t b >y A dreadful thing had happened there just before, though 1 cannot say |>osilively there was anything supernatural about it " " Wh«t was it ?" asked Miss ltothsby. curiously. " Te'l meo all the story, pleaseV" " I c-in only tell jou what I know. An oddliKikinj foreigner paste l thnnigh the town cut 1 day, and disappeared in the Glen. I'h-t night a shock as of earthquake wss felt, and jieople who passed near the for, st hear strMige, unearthly cries. From time. tM time theses range shocks w< r:! repeated. The man was never seen ae.cu, and it was supposed that he w^.s murdrrcd."' " Oh ! and in that all '?" asked Miss liothsby, iu a disappoint; d tone. '* The authorities considered it enough, ami resolved to render the Glen as iuici ssdile as possible. For aught I know, yours is tbe tir»l foot that Ins stopped within it for forty \ en is." " I must say, then, that you have 1< st more than you ran iniajrine, and I shall try to atone fer your neglect of the loveliest, spo'. on < artb." S-j answered the wilfnl beauty : and to the Glen she went thereafter asoftm as opportunity allowed, declaring to heiself, as she sat upon the greensward drinking in the beauty of her surroundings, that it wasenchated ground, and that she was under the magic spell. When Charley King csmo he was a wi.'llng escort, and so long as she was bv his side, what did it matter where they went ? ^ The picnic by moonlight had been a longtalked of plan among the youn.j |>eople of the village. Tho selection of 1 by place was left to tbese two visitors and tiiey hail chosen the haunted glen. Friday was the night appointed. Some acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, but ,10 0110 had the courage to refuse save the musicians, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous offers, nr.d coold not be persuaded to » resk their lives, reason and instroonn nts bv gon to the bants of the devil 1; i< - ,r ,, ,, , , , hissclt. ."o Mr. Rothsby supplied the music, giving the m. n hescnt from the citvinstruction? to render any assistance they could, bidding thein, if possible, to arrai.ge and light the immense number of Chinese ianterns he consigned to them without the knowledge of the parly. His plan worked well, for that their last night might not be assailed by tales not conducive to steady bands, they we're met at the train and dim-ted to the Glen, with strict inj'lnctions not to p'uck so much as a bl-ide of gr,»s.s. The sun had not. yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors here and thire throughout pretty EUendale opened for the gay picnickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, fullowed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through tbe village streets with jest and laughter, while curious ercs peeped at them from behind blinds or open doorways. But when they entered tbat distant pathway and the sweet pi rfnme of the forest pervaded tbe air ax their lijlit f« et pressed tha carpet of pine needle", the jest died away, the laughter cess;d, and their voices had a hollow sound. Fear seized upon them ; each had a stiong desire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, and in low voices they talked of little matters in the village. When the exqui-ite beautv of the Glen burst upon their view all other thought- were dispelled, and the nervous reaction of their groundless terror made them doubly merry. Hundreds of lanterns glenme.l faintly iu the fading twilight. from the ttees and vines on cither t-ide, and tbe grand old oak which barred the entrance was fnirly covered with them. The first glimpse of the fair " queen of the night," as her silvery disc rose above the tree tojw, was the signal for a song, half cbant. half roundelay, tbat had been composed for the occasion, and as the young people stood in the ptide anil strength < f their youth, their fuces upturned, their rich, sweet voices filling the dying day with nielo iv, one would have si id. " Wise Afiss Hotbsby ' Surely no restless, unholy spirits can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery and your pure voices must exorcis» them for «ivi- rmore." Scarcely cpeakiog, in little groups, the young folks wandered from spot to ?|,ot in an ecstacy of delight Especially did the flowirs that gleamed so red upon the grouuri attract them ; but Miss Roth»-by bad exaggerated the stain t!iey made that thev might be left uuloucbed. She felt now that some natural explanation coul.I he given of their unpleasant peculiarity, hut dreaded its effect upon wc<k nerves, BO wisely advised her companions lo beware of tbem She learned from the musicians that her father bad intended coming 011 the same traiu With them, but being detained at tbn l.st mm- J ule, he would take the next one, and be with ! tbe-m before the evening w as over ; so. as ber ' light feet kepi time to a favourite wal'z, and a face she much appioved wis very neir to hers, , she thought tier cup of earthly bliss w»s neatly j fnll 0 1 j j j There was to be dancing until nini! o'clock ] when supper WJUH he si-r.i d, and afterwards ' more dancing if thev chcsc; hut the parents had | insisted that the yeung folks shunl'l be at home i by eleven, and Mrs. Gmy liad promised for them l,y virtue i-f h> r eir.p.-i<>na-_e The camp liie was lighted 011 a preHt flat ! stone near the oak trie, and to show its good j fellowship crackle.! in the most cheerlul ivav. j ^ T Y " 1 0 b,Iii!,te, lvUcl I ttie sombie branches ot the pin- s v on the sides of the Glen * ! Tbe baskets were emi tted ef their good ! tbiiigs, the tempting fej-st wns spread, the liag- | rant aroma of the coflee proclaimed the last thing ready, and Mr. limg, as master of the ceremonies,w*s about uivin- ti e s treal for thein all to assemble, when^l-st'uctlv tianugllout the I place there en me a soft, silvi r'y sound like the j tone of a clock striking ihe hour ol nine. Tho ' dancers. pausing in tin ir t'iddy whirl, lool.ed ct j each other nnd said, " What a ;.re' ty device of 1 ,™l S th r^', i'| Ve i' "" the : earth seemed to tremhln beneath their test, t while a lurid, unearthly glow lit up with :.pj,alling distinctness rv obj.-it in the (Hen.to the very top of the ix-cll.ng !. d;.e ,l,,v,- them. With a discordant, juniii^ so'in-l t! e music stopped. 11. arts beat last: cheeks y.ew white; : theu (lie foiili- s di';.I away. " VMiat is it U'hat .toet it mean cve;y- body was a-i-i: g. Cliarby Kin^ tin de answ.-: .:i'tl..-u-h l e cruld not quit-.: ceniK-l t> t.n e.n |- in !in> veice. "it m>i.-t lui.' -, slight si,I ck of earthquake or some • !• r ; .i-ii-al eistiiih.i.re. 1 lnvu seen most woed iin", (.l.eiieiei-.i:. i 1 my ti i.e " I'a t!y re.'SS-.it n.[ ihe nnisiei: 11s wei t Lack to their s'und .Hid ti.e c •mpni V sat ..own to lib'e. but it was iu vuii th v sl-ove tosican nalUi- : ' illy, in rain thsy strove to eat. ' Their voices | were thiek. their bauds trembled, their hearts beat painiuily quick and loud After a few moments Mrs. Gray, smiling faintly, said— My friends, I fe*r I have taken cold in this boautilul Lilt moist place. I i-ropose that we adjourn to warmer quarters. Wlmt say you to a good-night waltz at my house ?" Before an answer could he given again there souuded throughout the GI01 the faint, low chime, so awfully distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifled aiid seeming to come from beneath tbem. reached their ears, and a rocky door in tbe cliff swung , back, revealing a cavern filled with light; but i brighter than the light about it was ataman ' form wrapiied ir. flaine that sprang out of it andfell upon 1 he gr< ensward. Here was something tangible, and Charley King swiftly led the way towards this new honor. T< o late ! tbe form lay still, the voice was silent, and the (lames were masters at last, of him who h.~.d so long been their master. Exorcised were the ghosts for ever, harmless was the subterranean cbambcr tilled with unmeaning apparatus .-md curious chemicals to those who found them, for the evil genius was dead. For yea-s the foreign nlchemist had sought to wiest from nature, «t nny cost, her sccrets, and had found, at last, her very greatest death. 