A FAIR SPIRITUALIST Or, A WOMAN'S VICTORY. \--0----- BY ?ERICA." (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XIX.-(Continued.) She told him of the last interview with Lina and its results. "Did Captain Furnell know anything of all this?" "Nothing whatever." "Where is he now? I think you should .write and' tell him, Miss Furnell." "Oh, no! no! I could not," she answer ed. "I think that whatever he saw, he woas unkind to leave me without a word of explanation; without giving me an opportunity of setting myself right in his eyes. After all his goodness to me, and all the happy years I spent under his care, he could believe me ungrateful, mercenary, wicked, and not allow me to defend myself! No, I cannot write to him. No doubt he grew tired of me, and was ready to believe me in the .wrong." "He did not grow tired of you; I am perfectly certain of that," Frank an swered. "If he believed you in the wrong, it was because appearances were very much against you, Miss Furnell. I think you owe it to you'rself to set 'Uourself right with him." "Well, perhaps I will write and tell him some day," sie answered, "but not yet." She turned the conversation. Very soon Frank told her all about the ter rible deed which had robbed him of friends and home, and left him the haunting suspicion that his mother's hand and heart had turned criminal for tihe sake of being revenged for the wrong done to her by his father. "I will never forgive you, never! You ]lave been the enemy of my whole mar rled life!" "These were almost the last words I heard her speak." "The next time I saw her, she and my father were lying in death together, and her hand held the weapon which I be lieve sent him Into eternity. "Child as I was, I knew better than to repeat her words, even to the clergy man, who bestowed a father's care and affection upon me during his life, and bequeathed nis all to me at his death. "I repeat them now to you for the first time. Public feeling and suspi cion had both condemned her already. I thank God I said no word to inten sify the suspicion, which was so pro nounced and keen that my father's friends would not allow him to be laid in the same grave with her. "Thus they were divided, both in their lives and their deaths," he added, with deep feeling, which he could ill dis semble under Gay's sympathetic eyes. "Perhaps the truth will be made clear some day," said Gay, softly. "Until it is brought to light, if it ever is, I must walk through life's ways a lonely man," he answered. "Because I am a firm believer in heredity, it is forbidden to me ever to seek a woman in love and marriage. The sacred ties of home affections must never be mine. My feeling upon the subject is so strong as to be unalterable." "I do not believe in your murderous instincts," Gay remarked. "At least, If you have them, I share them. There are times when I feel capable of un heard of depths of wickedness-I do, Indeed." I "You look like that," Frank answer ed, looking down into the fair, sweet face upturned to his. With its habitual expression of truth and ingenuousness, and its look of ear nest sympathy for him just touched with a trace of archness and sense of humor, it might almost have been the face of an angel, who had received special permission to learn laughter and mirth, and all the innocent joys of earth life. "We ought to be brother and sister, then." said he. Every kind of affec tion is not denied me. Let me be your brother, Miss Furnell. I will try to be a good one; I will, indeed:' "What a charming idea!" she cried. "A brother is-let me see-a brother is a relation who may scold and be scold ed; who gets leave to light his cigar at unhallowed seasons-" "Such as when he takes his sister fcr a much-needed constitutional after work hours are over," Frank suggested, cunningly, In view of future possibill ties. "Ella Findlay has a good brother," Gay continued; "the handsomest and best a girl ever had. She used to tell us about him at schooL" "Then I will be the next best." "She went out rowing with him one day, and dropped his signet ring-the parting gift of a dear dead friend-into the river. He had taken it off and giv en it into her care while he rowed. She put it on her thumb and dabbled her band through the water, the silly girl. They could not find It, but do you know that the kind man never said a single angry word. When he saw how sorry she was, he went out and brought her the ]ovllest bouquet of flowers that could be got for money. "When she told us, every girl of us the school would have had him for a brother if we could. He never knew how many sisters he could have been p?ossessed of if he had chosen." "I think I could be as good as that, if you were the sister." "But I would never lose anything of y.ours." "Brother and sister call each other by their Chrlstlan names, do they not?" be asked. "Of course they do, Frank. Ella's brother calls her by all sorts of odd names." S"Sister Gay will be the name for me," he decided. He ratified the relationship by kissing the little hand once more; then he Iwatched her disappear through the door of her temporary home with the satis led air of a man whe has found some thing belonging to himself of which he has long been in quest. When he got into his train there was only one person in it-an elderly lady of sixty-three, a lone and unprotected widow, with an extremely long, straight upper lip, a thin, pursed-up !mouth, a religious nose, a knob of hair, small, but pugnacious, and the bump of acquisitiveness. Opposite to this lady Frank took his beat, and her he regardede with a bland and beaming smile, being utterly un Conscious of her existence and obll F'lous of her presence. :, "I was waiting for him to speak just Ubne word," she remarked, describing the Insult afterwards. "Just one word! Ind I'd have had damages out of Bim!" But for a gentleman to. smile at a twoman is not' damagealhle, however enraging; so the culprit was enabled to keep his purse in his pocket. He did not mean to be rude. He was only thinking of his sister. The new relationship was duly pro Elaimed by the pair the next time they made their appearance at Mr and Mrs tose's hospitable door. The announce Enent was received with becoming gra 1rlty by Mr Rose. Possibly that gen tleman's experience of life was of such a serious nature that the assumption Df gravity was easy of compass to him. 5, Mrs Rose, however, departed from the Woom in search of a jug of lemonade, Suand returned with the ghost of a laugh iust vanishing from her comely face. Whey wondered what she meant. SGay introduced her brother at Mrs Dumbles' mansion, also. That lady re 152) ceived him quite as graciously as could be expected, and remarked to Gay after wards that he seemed one of the "harm less sort," her experience of mankind having naturally inclined her to sum marise the species into the numerous class of the violent, and the small class of the harmless. "But you'd better keep him in his place, Gay. You never know what they turn out In the end," she added, shak ing her head sepulchrally, as she re called the vision of the misdirected flat Irons. So Gay kelit him in his place, which appeared to include the office of family physician. In this capacity he pre scribed frequent afternoon walks for lie sister and himself, to be taken in com pany with each other-a prescription which induced much merry talk, and tended to forgetfulness of such haunt ing shadows as hereditary instincts and treacherous friendships. Then there were Sunday evening visits to iMr Rose's house for the pur pose of keeping AIr Rose in spirits while M?rs Rose was at church-a duty they performed by strolling in and out among the flowers, oblivious of their host, who slumbered peacefully in his verandah chair. So that they found the fraternal and sisterly bond an immense gain and ad vantage. They would, no doubt, have remained brother and sister to this day but for an event which upset all ?ir Went worth's preconceived impressions, and caused him to repent of the bond into which he had entered with such readi ness and pleasure. This event was led up to by a return to the bosom of his family of.Mr Dumbles. It was a splendid summer afternoon, clear, cool and breezy-Just the sort of afternoon to walk with one's favorite sister through the gardens and along the quieter streets for a constitutional. Frank knocked at the door of Mrs Has her boardinghouse, and afterwards at the door of Number 1 in the side street, according to directions received, where he discovered Gay busy shelling peas, in an apron of tremendous size. He wondered why she looked more dignified with her somewhat trying surroundings : and occupation than many a court lady in full dress. "You truant!!" he said, reproachfully. * You said you were coming out. You promised distinctly." "So I am coming out," she answered; "coming out in the character of a pro mising (and performing) kitchen maid. I have found my vocation at last." "But why this interest in, and atten tion to plants of the leguminosae spe cies, if one may as?" "Your education has evidently been neglected, or you would know that vege tables are an essential to every well regulated dinner. With vegetables, the cold meat is a meal; without them, it is only a 'snack,' or 'a bit of something: It is necessary to the enjoyment of our friend, Mrs Dumbles, that her evening repast should be a dinner rather than a snack, as often as possible," she re plied, with an air of grave, preceptorial dignity. "Oh, this is Mrs Dumbles's place, is it ?" asked a voice. They looked towards the door. A .man, powerfully built, of rough and dilapidated appearance, stood eying them curiously; then he walked in and seated himself without waiting for the ceremony of invitation, "Mrs Dumbles is my old woman," he explained. "I suppose you are my daughter, my dear," he added, leering at Gay with an expression that made her shudder. "Why, lord ! I could have sworn to you anywhere. You feature me to a T." Gay hoped within herself that the re semblance had not reached as far as A, much less T. If she "featured" this gentleman, one of her eyelids drooped permanently, the other .was darkened temporarily, also her brow receded very much more than did those of the Greek heroes, and her nose was villainous both in itself and as ,to Its indications of character. - '.,'>.? - She questioned Frank about the mat ter later on, and received the assurance that the likeness was a speaking one; but just now he was looking at the man as if he (Frank) would have liked to hit out straight from the shoulder. "Old woman seems comfortable off," Mr. Dumbles remarked, "That clock cost fifteen and six, if a penny. Them chairs and side table cost money, and you could not get tihe looking-glass under a pound." He seemed to lapse into a pecuniary reverie with a view to the realisation of future profit. "Come, Gay," said Frank. "And what might your name be, my young gentleman?" Mr. Dumbles asked, suddenly rising to his position as host and master of the house.. "Wentworth is my name," Frank an swered. "Not son of Vincent Wentworth, of the Manning River?"T' . "Mr. Vincent Wentworth was my fa ther." "Eh? Was that so? I knew all about your father, then," said the man, with an expression half scheming, half de fiant, and all villainous. "He was mur dered by the hand of-" "Stop!" said Frank, stepping close to him, and looking into" Mr Dumbles' eyes with a look that that worthy did not venture to defy. "Don't be peppery, my chapple. Look how you're frightening the young lady! Looks quite pale, she does, the pretty creetur! You'd better, let me go and get her a drop of whiskey." Frank took Gay's arm and led her out. Mr. Dumbles called after them hos pitably, "Look round some night, when you've a mind for a pleasant'chat, sonny. I might be able to give you some news about your people.". : ' "Here is a deplorable turn of affairs," said Gay, with a dismayed face, when the two were walking' away together. "Oh, that poor MIrs. Dunmbles! What will she do?" Frank did not answer, and the two walked on in silence for some time. "Of what aye you thinking, Frank." Gay asked at last. "lou have been twirling your moustache for the last five minutes. You have always some thing brilliant to say at the end of the operation, as I know by experience." Hesmiled, and drew her hand within his arm, for It was growing dusk. "There are several ways of trwirllng a moustache," Gay continued. "There Is the supercilious twirl, as when a girl's face and frock does not please the male fellow-creature; there is the conceited twirl he affects when he looks down up on other people from his own high opinion of himself; then there Is the thoughtful twirl which comes on of it self, In which you have been indulging for some time. On the whole, I con sider that it takes a really clever, san sible man to twirl a moustache nicely." "I was only thinking whether this fel low could really tell me anything about my people." "Has no one else ever told you any thing about them, Frank? None of your relatives, for instance?" "My relatives are all in New South Wales. I have seen none of them since I was taken away from them nineteen years ago. My godfather, who brought me up, you know, Gay-" "I remember." "He was always very reserved in the expression of his opinions concerning the terrible event which cost the lives of my father and mother. Ellen has been equally reticent, and life's affairs, including my examinations and the pre paration for them, have kept my time and thoughts fully occupied. Lately, however, I have resolved to come tooa full understanding and knowledge of all the circumstances oC that sad mystery." "I think you are quite right to do so, FYUIL" --. "I have two months' leave of absence from office, and have determined to visit my mother's sister who lives In Port MIacquatle; also to revisit my native place." . "Shall you be away for the whole of the time?" "Very likely. Shall you miss me at all, do you think?" he asked rather tremulously. "Miss the best brother in the world? Why, of course, I shall miss you very very much." He wished that she had been less ready to make the admission, and a little more shy about it. 