SYDNEY DAY BY DAY. Out of tlio crusades which our black- stolod knights are now waging against the foul fiends of strong, drink and. gambling wo do n6t expect much. A bit of a flash in the pan of . restrictive polico action, an acknowledgment by tho Premier that something- must be dono, but the same old EaBtor at Itandwick, the same old settling, with .the: boisterous rejoicing on the ono sido and the mourning and lamentation on" the other. And as . leganls drink there ' is : much confusion1 of opinion, to! increase rathor than ' to end which tlio following .little story,- apropos, , of what one niiin held to - bo good' drink, may bo; told. It was at the closo' of an old- tiriie station 'spree.' The owner had 'sold out and invited ; all- his friends' -to a'threo weeks' festival, thor end- of wliicli .was a good dCai oiFbonfusiOn1 of thought- and en tanglement of limb's. Podr' Dennis; the miner, became, very bad,' and, in' tho end of things, arbso. at' midnight to 'get'adilnk. ,Stiiggerihg about lie fell! down the cellar, and concluded that ' he had roachgd the bottomless .pit": So much' at least wg? . gathered froni' liis1 discburse; For/ "Ah yes," said-lib; " it istooiho'at last", ((hash went huhdry botfilos. and crasli and craslbagain.) - "So(hi, water i ri rivers', but the dejril "ofadrbp of /brandy. It is' the bad1 jilaco. true" enough'." . ' Tho. eid policy, fast developing' into tragedy)/- , seems/ to ! fegvuro tho accoinpani- . mpnt.of spmo stago thunder; : ' The natural elements fail, thp 'natural ybiqes' life silent' and' feeble, -and' piibriR(r;'in'debil are the; excuses ' which come to us, as' to the reason thereof. , Armidalo appears1' with a sort of ah' exclisb- for1' licr'ilnckr of applause anil1 appreoiativehoss, . for hor ... naturalness/ thoroughness . arid' honesty- . that ' ,iS; ancj her .. understanding, of those things ; wh'ieh« ,makb'' for' hor own' welfare. It is but silly reading, and woukl liav.e been' well left witli' other iirispokeir things. . There seems indeed- but one'. way out for 'tlio- sho-winahTPromieivhe must give -still moro play to his showman's instincts! Thb elnqu'er is a' gbod'old theatrical iri'sti- tiitiori'; on his next trip tho Premior should arfahge for good 'vigorous'- olaqiier, service. Thcro is 'seldom any other resourco left for leaders of declini ng i'nine, arid that' al so is' usually . and speedily the jirblude of a do- cadence from wliich v'tiiere is' no restbra- tion. ' / /' ' -' . Tho spoctaclc'of iimocent lambs frisking- in a pasture. is. always a!ploasing one; but ( it ;is, hardly.. so--, edifying .and touching as' that- of members of Parliament' who,- re leased 'foi'ia'Bhbrttorm'ftbm theirexcessive1 and pxhuxistivehibqurs for tlio good' of 'tho pepploV;go out : into, green fields arid be- , come skittish. During! tlio last day or twoy wb- have"' .been1 . regaled' svith'1 this latter: sight; HO"teridbri innocuoijs and refreshing. ; . W o Juiv.o had the satisfaction of v seeing not'; only sprno of our' over-" burdened' legislators, but' some Victorian patriots gambolling arid sporting on bowl ing-groins rind -cricket' fields in all' tlieir native ' guilelussness. They played bowls,' arid we leaf ii witli "delighted interest that though ' Bome of -the players had never handled7 '.al bowl before (this, of' course, . does not apply , to the; flow; wig-1 bdiyl)- : :"'yet the play: was intotostirig arid -at- times" aimisiug." There is no difficulty in believing this. A noto rious ra'didrii pbliticinri in another colony re cently stated apropos the; gome that " in howls, asUrf, politics, tlio "art was to He well' up! to' the opposition."; It'goos without saying theroforb that uiost politicians have a natural aptitude for tlio pastime. AnothhbyWliid's'rbcord has' been made in i South Australia— in 'Adolaide, to bo pre- ciso. Some onterprising burglar has suc ceeded in robbing' a journalist ! ! It has' over been - held by the most' eminent authorities' .'.'that this feat was a moral1 and!: physical impossibility. . But the " miglity; march of 'moderri science" has evidently.! beneficially affected the fine art of the burglar, , and enabled an Adelaide professor to alikost' literally- got blood 'out of' a stone; by depriving an Ade laide reporter, of ' masonic jewellery, some clothing, 'and,' -mirabile dictu,- aquantity of 'silverware ! The story- certainly, on "tho face of it; appears incredible, but in -these days of' marvellous new' diseovories a too Bceptical attitude is uubecouiing. When- a professional -pbilanthrcifcst's heart can ho photographed . through1 his clothes, it is within thb' regions of- possjbility . that a journalist's silverware might be stolon. No loss a sum than £171- was won by OutlanderS ' at" tho;0amaru(N.Z.): federal' rifle meeting ! '- It'would bo interesting to know how this was paid, whether in Trea sury bonds or— as : liarclly .seems likely— in hard'cash; 'If:in bonds no great haiin was dono. If, however, tho obligation was liquidated in oasli -the recipients would do well to ask- themsblves whether thoy wore justified in- removing so much1 Bpecie from; , a- - friendly ' but dis tressed colony.'. After another year .or two of tho Sedcion-cu>»-Jock M'Kenzie reign Now Zcnlniid will sigh for that .£171, if only to deposit in tlie museum at Wol- lingtondn oi-dci-: to jfrove to posterity that thero was orico so '.much money in the country.' . It>wij,s . propliosipd that coin would havo totally disappeared from Mn'orilnrid1, before - :.a;d. ; 1U00, .'that pig- breeding ..would become tlio -lead ing1' industry, that : civil' servants would' , ho paid in kind, and that owing, to the superabundance of pigs ' tho spectacle might bb" witnessed on pay day of a Chiof Justice staggering , down Lambton Quay under a cargo. of pork >cbpps, and tlio head of the Uovernbient" engaged,' in tlio usual' Wellington gale, wrestling, as taoeoon with tho ' serpents,- with writhing strings of sausage?,,- -Apd': more 'unlikely prophecies than'tliathaVobcen realised. .. Tlie new woman-appears to liave'aotnally fourid her waginto the next \vorld,. and' to have got 'tirectof it; . Tlio latest sensation in'America lias peon tlie apparition of: ri Banslieo in breeches. A female ghost - in bloomers -lias re-visited tlio glimpses of the; moon iriiMrissachiiSotB,. and suddenly dis- ! ajiperired just on the spot whore the pirate Kidd buried a treasure. There is a. wretched anachronism in this story. Tlio association- of the now woman, the modqrn maiden in' knickerbockers, with the antiqiio'pirato appears improbable. Tliero ; has, doubtless,' been a mistake regarding „ the sex of' tlie ghost, the spectators being probably deceived by recent association of ideas and'tlje peculiar fiilness of tho out of the nether grirmbnt' of tlio apparition; It would probably ho difficult, on a back' view jn an'iiiipbi'foct light, to distinguish a now woman from an" old Dutchman; Tiie littlo list of: justicos1 is still undor corisilbratibn, aud tlioro; is ! ri general im pression tjiat: the Premier, following tlio custom of "the. dear old mothor laud," is detorminod to xiostpbno giving tho honours for. tWo 'months;, bringing them out imine- diatbly after- the -Queon's Birtliday. Tliis idea,- it is understood, is ono in high favour witli tlio Government, who, fully appreciating tho advantage of distributing titles, aro making more fuss about giving a few men tho privilege of writing J.P. after tlieir namos thus tlie Imperial Government does about creating a hatch of peers, and aro said to incline to tho belief that tho establishment of a sort of local Birthday honours will be a graceful act of loyalty. Besides, it will bo appro priate to. have a lot of lesser stars blazing f.-ound tlie constellation of Sir Georgo Itcid, L ,jf,C.M.G. - ... ZED. r' 