CLACKERY. 'Bat still his tongno ran *n A*di with It. .reflation olwk, 8«t til moi'l em upon Uit not,'— _ . Hdsium, ' Pink ' ft tlowe : Magistrates. The anr'ior U the roost remarkable animal living. His tale cornea out of bis head. THB Democratic Club meets at the ClilPPBB Chambers on Monday night, at 8 o'clock. Fbov the Snooee : ' Wanted newly calved cow, good milker. Apply ...' This advertiser, to say the least of it, is moderate, but as this is not the age of miracles it would seem easier for a man to throw nineteen than to fulfil the oon ditions of that request Sooth Auutualia decided, by a majo rity of 21, that the Biate Bunk should uii ranee money on ciiy and suburban pro. perty n- wull as on country lands. By the way, why shouldn't the State Bank advance inouijy for any legtinmte enter prim; — a lint! of eteamshii s, say J The territorial police has lust, the ser vices of an uruoifiu officer by the resigna tion of C'litatable W.Johnson, who in con sequence of being unable to adapt him self to circumstances of a nature grafu-d into a petty condition of things, whioh it seems it is incumbent upon a certain clitss to grovel to, concluded to quit tbe form. Thb population of tbe world at the end of the nineteenth century is believed to be about one thousand four hundred and fifty millions. If all these people — men women and children— were brought together and placed shoulder to shoulder they would form a line some three hun dred tbouB*nd miles long — long enough to reach from the earth to tbe moon and n fourth of the way back. I hi; Chov has established himself at Lycll ai a purveyor ot cabaague aud let tucrfi. Somu of the more Ijraiuv rain :r are trying In impress upon Ih.ir fcllovs that the garden variety of tfao Yellow Agnny is the forerunner of the miners who will do them out of Ibeir job in the open cut and the emeltrrs. Meanwhile John Ss all li an1 n-akee plenty money 1 A CONGEST will be given at til! Town Hall on Thursday evening next by Miss Gertrude Summerhayes and some of 1 er pupils, supported by Madame Oce in. Summerhayen and a number of nmateurs. A pood programme of vocal and instru mental items has been provided, and it is notified that His Excellency the Governor and suite will be iu attendance. The Snooze was in error stating that tbe Government intended to put a £2000 license fee upon the tote men. The act confers no such power of levying a tax ; but steps will be taken to have all books audited. Thus whilst no undesiderable Monte Carlo monopoly will be encouraged, anv cvonk biz will be prevent: d. The Colored Immigration Restriction Bill now before S. Australian Legislature kindly exempts Tasmanian and Maori niggers from the operation of the Act. Tbe ghosts of poor old decapitated King Billy and bis tribe rise in shadowy blackness and bow their acknowledgements to Charley Kingston. This rather than allow their palefaccd descendants on Flinder's Island to perform the important function. The Grubbs mine is being resuscitated with a capital of £5000 in 4O000sharesof 2s 6d. each. Unfortunately through misman agement this valuable property bad tosbut down, although its prospects were most rosy. Tbe assets, which aic to be taken over by the new co, includes very valuable machinery and tram material. The share list is being rapidly filled. The Great Western Railway Bill will be in the hands of the Legislative Council next week. His worthy of note that Mr. Barrett, who poses ns the electrical expert of the stonewallers, has expressed hia belief that the company was going to have an enormous truffle en the line. There should now be no further doubt as to the future of the railway. MATTHEW McPHEE, Battery Point State School master, finding life not worth living upon the reduced salary of £456 16s. per annum, committed suicide on Tuesday, Nov 10. His method reads very effective on paper.The despondent pedagogae placed a stone in each coat pocket and tied another to his neck. He then dumped himself into the river off the cattle jetty, and the water did the rest. Poor McPhee was highly esteemed both as a teacher and as a man. Fob a lampoon on the King of Prussia, Voltaire was paid with thirty lashes on hiB bare back, administered by the King's Sergeant-at-Arms, and was ac tually obliged to sign the following curious receipt for game : ' Received from the right hand of Conrad Bacn ?ffner thirty lashes on my naked back, being payment in full for an epigram on Frederick the Third, King of Prussia Bteeived by me, Voltairo. Long live tbe King!' When all the Lyell smelters are in full blast thrt Ecene will be a wind and rain swept bare mountainous patch, yet no water to drink. Already, with oniy two smelters going, the sulphuric acid is eat ing away the galvanised roofs, and tbe water from those catchments is so impreg nated with the poison thit tea when brtwed is black, and the milk curdles im mediately upon being poured into it. Manager Blicbt smiles at the prospect ; but then lie lias a big salary, and will lie bo able to recuperate upon well-earned holidays. What about the miners, and wives, and families ; or will there be any of the latter ? Photoobapheb Bciil lie has returned from a trip to Mt, Lyell, and as a result of a commission from the big mine's direc tory, a magnificent scries of pictures. With his usual generosity be has acceded to Mr. Morton's request that the photos be loaned f- the Art Gallery. Great diffi culty was experienced iu executing the work, as the rain was almost continuous, so that the patient artist had [to don the bliiey, fix hU camera, and then wait until a passing glint of light relieved the mono tonous rain- soddened gloom. LANDMnn : ' What right have you to vote.' Worker: ' You have managed to grab the land and all that grows thereon, or is in the bowels of the earth. Except my manhood nothing remains to me, and lpst yqu eternally enslave that also IJn lead to vote — and against land monopoly. Never be without Wood's Australasian self-raiiing flour. Old Dan Burke ores the victim of the Dobsonian ladies who desire to carry on that dyspeptic failure, yclept the Eouth pert Villag: Settlement, which even the Salvation Army refused to relieve them of, £200 is not much if you say it quickly, even in these bad times. Yet it was more than could be ncrewcd out of the Govern ment at the end of last summer to prospect for a track out Westward although eventu ally secured by much agitation. As the dear ladies are enthusiastic ait to the ability of the settlers to support tbcmselveB after rh« harvest has been gathered in. no gentleman of the House of Assembly could possibly be s-- rude as to refuse the £200, barring Sir Edward Hraddon ; but then lie is known to be very rude in a certain circle. Mennwhfle itcan be heard in the street that the settlement is nothing if it is not a nursery of crawling sycophancy and pauperism, The Spenosr piano is now tke ruling favorite in the cottage, the palace, and on the concert platform. Distinguished instrumentalists prefer it to any other. The Spencer used by the Duchess of York is said to be one of the most beau tiful pianofortes in existence. Henri Issell and Co. are the only Tasmanian representatives of this firm. Received, Nioholls A Co/s Guide. A handy diary and compendium ; useful to business men and visitors. The increased pay secured on the intercolonial steamers of .£1 per month brings the rates of pay up to J5C for seamen and trimmers and £8. for firemon, Wood's Australasia^ eelf-raieing flour is thet/est. Try it. 