ENGLISH THEATRICAL NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, March 6, 1896. The most important premiere since Christmas took place at the Lyceum on Thursday evening last, when Mr. Forbes Robertson produced a version of Francois Coppee's "Pour la Couronne," by John Davidson, the clever writer of the "Ballad of the Nun" and " Fleet-street Eclogues." This romantic play was produced several months ago in Paris (where it is still running) and achieved instant success. Judging by the thunders of applause which followed theend of j each act at the Lyceum it should do equally i well in London. The critics for once are in accord, even the people's "Clemmy" and th&eultured; Archer pronouncing: "Bar the CrovV' a powerful, moving, poetic drama written in Kngliah of noble quality. The following is a resume of the plot:—lke Stats oE Bulgaria since Widdin is named—Widdin, the " virgin " fortress—is tte scene of tbe play, I and too period is the -end of die fifteen*! century. The strife between Cross and Crescent rages, and -under the heroic 'general ship of Michael Brancomir and bis noble eon Constantino the Cross holds its own and the Turks are kept out of the Balkan kingdom, though they never cease to hammer at its mountainow gatas. Michael, fortunate in war, is, unaap;jily. happy in love. His first wife, Co?Stantme's mother, is dead, and his second is a beautifnl young woman, Bazi lida—Greek in origin—whom he ioves pas sionately. Unfortunately Braneomir, tfll iiis second wedding a patriot and brave warrior, is in the hands el a kind of Lady Macbeth, -who stirs up dreams of agitation. Tbe king dies; the throne is elective, and Hichaal and his wife aaek As crown to which he seems to be wen entitled; bat in stead of the warrior; a patriot prieet. Stephen the bishop, is chosen. Wnd dreams of vengeance and ambition haunt the bapJcus pair, and means are at band. Ibrahim, a Tnrfc, has been sent to accomplish by craft the conquest which force has failed to win. He quickly induaes the woman to turn traitor, and she uses all her arts of favtination to turn Michael from the fjath of duty, and ?uy??<>. Now Constantino in a skirmish has captured a beautiful Gipsy girl, Mititca by name, who has been but a 'ynppt?H("^"'pfeH""?r??n"g**M? Turks, and he treats her with a tender, pure generosity that excites in her a chaste passion, ?nd renders her a faithful slave. She has Recognised Ibrahim, and, suspeotiiig ii^ni^ pl*tys the spy and T'ibi ivi die abominable conspiracy—learns that Michael is himself to xeluvethe sentinel at the Trajan pass, and to Ist the Tnrks come in. She warns Constan tine, who, though incredulous as to bis father's Kuilt, hastens to fee pass, and to h>B borror finds his father as fv>HT*j There is a powerful, cruel scene, in which the son is eloqusnt in his effort to win his father back to honor .and duty. His eSorts are fruitless.; the Turks are at hand, the beacon otust be sighted, and between the beacon and Csastantine stands tbe traitor. The haplas? son, seeing no other way to save his father from shame, hi? country from ruin,-and his Faith from disaster, draws his sword, and after a short fight lolls the famous warrior, who corses him as parricide with his last breath. The situation is one of fearful power. There is a sucgestiou of the old Greek drama in the state of the fateful son, who can find no saae from remorse in his valid reasons, who feels that he has a cum on him that death alone can abate. He seems accursed, and under his generalship his rash, reckless guidance, the Christians are defeated time after time, and begin to suspect treachery. In Militia's love, declared in a beautiful scene, he finds some solace. In tbe end Baafljrll. as a revenge, denormoes him as a traitor, and since in penance he refuses to exculpate himself at the cost of his father's fame, his guilt is deemed to be proved, and Stephen, tbe bishopldng, piouuuucesonhimthe cruel sentence that he shall remain chained day and night to the statue of his father in never-ending shame and contumely. Con- Btantine had hoped for death. Love and death are closely allied, IClitza. has said, and love brings death. Just as the crowd begin to insult the pilloried hero the girl breaks through and throws her protecting arms round the victim. "Who are you''asks Stephen, and she replies "I am love." Then she takes a dagger—her lover's one "gage d'amor"—and kills Constantme, who blesses her as he dies, and hardly dies too soon to see her turn against her own bosom the weapon wet with his blood. Of the literary charm- of the play one can hardly speak too highly. Mr. Davidson has done his work admirably, and his dignified Alexandrines (delivered with full artistic effect by Mifl? Winifred Emery, Mrs. Fat Campell, Air. Forbes Robertson, and Mr. Charles Dalton) seem thoroughly in accord with the romantic atmosphere of the drama. This is the prayer of Constantine, so nobly declaimed by Forbes Bobertsan:— See hour I Buffer. God, and and me help ? Death, five me death, or tad me take my He. Speak to me aa Thou oft didst speak of old To Thine afflicted onf. or speak in wrath ; But speak, spade, apeak! Oh, God, if ever man Bequiml a am tram heaven, that man am L I slew my father, and I iett Thine mv Guiding tiu blow; now is Thine aid withdrawn? Oh, God, foraaiu me not! CDof is Cpnstantine's invocation to his father's ?<-?-— before daub]: Coos, (alone, addrtning the st?lue>—Triumphant figure does ft pleasure you To watch my expiation? Isnqraonl Harrowed and tacked ensoghi Confront your fate With mine, jeor suor and my sbciae, tmesrnad By either, most together last. Think—think! As long as time endures my bated name Shall rankle in the memorj of men, A foul malignant gangrene, yonn be held In the most hallowed and profound regard. Dark speetr*. be content, yon are avenged. __. . (Looking to heaven.] I have submitted. Helpimtomixmt, Oh, God, who hast notyetforsaken me. Ikflledmytsther. Tter^ro'i^wiy'ebe.'"1 "*1 And he ?— be found no other instromeut Than that of inaebery to .^^l-ifjirf. uus- I teem to understand, we both ware bound To this adventure.; he against his land, I against nature sinned, I took lua lite . To say? his reputation, and behold My life and reputation are required In the same service t His iniquity Is washed in his own blood ; bis tame Befrcshed in mine; his tent ends in my tomb. [Looking at statue.l Oh! haughty rider, sprinkled with my blood, Ton still may front the morning nimid^Tp^ The acting and mounting at "Far the Crown" are on tile whole excellent. Charles Dalton and Forbes - Robertson as the Branoomirs, father and cod, conJd baldly be improved on, and Mrs. Pot Campbell made a, charming Militia. Miss Winifred Emery was not quite strong enough for Bazilide, and Mr. Mm*^i tosb has not a. very suitable part. The raise ?"> **"* ia in all respects wiirLliy Out fr^KtJonti of the liyoeum. As Arthur Roberta m BtxaHing oat of the Princeof Wales's Theatre tbeother day with the inevitable interviewer he said:—'-'Do you Bee that man at the door J Well, he has beeD waiting here every night for two months. I hare asked him to write, but he Bays he most have a few words of advioe on "how to (ret on theetage." I propose totei]hnn.' Tfaesentieman was a foppiah4ooldng- indindnaL" Bestood in tbedoonrar of the portar'a looby. Mr.RobsrtE beckoned him through to us aa we Btood in the wings. He came. 'You wanted to know hotrtogeton the stage, didn't yon.? 'Tea, that's my idea.' It's pretty easy, isn't it? 'Simplicity itself. Yon axe now absolutely on the stage.' "Oh, tnrtl ? ?Pardon me; I have shown you now easy it is to get on the stage, and,' Mr. Roberts continued with his sweetest smfle, 'it is equally easy for yon to getoffiL Goorf-night !" r Mary Anderson's autobiography will be found to be directed towards dissuading as many girls as ehe can from entering the theatrical profession. She does not from any standpoint believe in the stage as a career for girls. She holds that 99 out of every hundred young women who go upon the stage are con fronted by phases so dangerous, so full of pains, trials, disappointments, and griefs that tbe results, no matter bow brilliant, are not worth tbe ordeal necessary to reach them. It took nearly ten years* (says the Literary Worid) f?r Miss Anderson to make up bar mind to acoept Mr, Antonio De Navarro as her hnsband. Mrs. De Navarre is a devoted member of the Roman Catholic Church, and intends to devote her voice in future to singing in small Catholic churches wherever her travels may lead her. Aonni^; ne to Mr. Bok the offers made to Mary Ander son to return to the stags, if ineffectual, have been princely indeed. He sayis: —"Only the past summer overtures came to her from an American manager which ensured a big fortune if she would consent to return to the stage for a brief period. There were six figures in the amount (dollars, of course) stipulated, and the first figure was! equal to tbe total number of numerals in the whole amount. But it had no effect upon her. She turned away from it easily and without an effort 'No,' she said, ?I am through with the stage.' AtiH that was all* 9 London, March 14,1596. Do tbe Gilbertian quips and cranks and topsy-turveyisms begin to pall upon our sober middle-aged palates, or is the elaborate arti ficial humor which delighted us in "The Sorcerer" in 1577 a little thinner than it toad to be? I confess I think both things are ferae. "The GrsndJDuke'' seems more like a rehash of very old materials than a novelty, and despite finished workmanship Mr. Gilbert's mineofwit shows signs of petering out. Sir Arthur's music, too, struck me much in the same way. It might have been scored from bis recolleo-1 turns of the nine previous operas. Even the first-night audience at the Savoy, packed as! it was with friends of all concerned, grew thoroughly bored towards the close. The first act went well and seemed to promise a mraP?tt of the usual dimensions. Cut the long interval hici'dmi* of-the seooad wearied ns ail unspeakably, and when at midnight the ; curtain nnailv fell tijere was a disposition to be off without calling the three Savoyards. Energetic friends, however. Boon remedied this and Mr. D'OyJy Carte especially received cordial congratulations on his convalescence. Since Saturday Mr. Gilbert has, I am told, reduced and much improved act 2. Of course, in estimating this accomplished librettist's work, one can only compare Gilbert with Gilbert. At his won* he is mil?e in front of the writers of "Shop Girls"and "Artist Models" and "Gaiety Girls." Consequently one finds plenty of good things to quote from " The Grand Dnfae.* The curtain rises on the Market-place of Speiseeaal, in the Grand Duchy of Pfennig Halpfenni& wbere Ernest Dummko&'s theatrical company are celebrating the marriage of Ludwig (chief comedian) and Lisa (soubrette). The chorus, Gilbartian from tile first, declare it to be a pretty wedding:— If her dress ii badly BttmK Blairs the iault who made her trossean. n her gloves an always splitting;. Cheap kid cloves, we know, will do co. II her vreatfa if all fopniod, That*s a thine ne'e always dreading. If her hair v all un&died; Son, it? a pretty wedding-! Oh.itisapreq.ywedding! Such a pntty, pretty wedding 1 The wedding feast, however, is being eaten Uforr the ceremony, because the grand duke has selected this very day for a convocation of all the clergy in the town to settle the details of hi? approaching marriage with the enormously wealthy Baroness yon Kraken feldt, and there will not be a parson to be had for lore or money until 6 o'clock that night. The company are rather awkwardly placed, for a magnificent classical revival of "TtTMlns and CressioV is to be given at seven. We learn that the despot is to be dethroned, an association having been formed for that purpose The secret sign of the association is * — By the mystic refutation Of our dark association Ere yon open conversation Witt another kindled soal Yoa must cm a Kunace-nOI! And poor Ludwig groans that be has had to eat six?ansaKe-rolls that day. Dummkopf, the theatrical manager, is to be elected Grand Duke in Rudolph's stead, and he tells us if a man can rule a theatrical company he can rule anything. Both A and B rehearsal slight— OJiev say tberUbe^'aU right at night* (They've both to go to school yet), C in each act niuat chance ha- dress, B win attempt to " equate the press,* ? E won't play Borneo unless His enndmother plays Juliet F claims all hoydens as h?r rights (She's played tiwm thirty seasons); And G must show herseif in tights For two oonvinci?S reasons— Two very weSHthapcd zeasom ! Oh, the mm who can drive a theatrical team, Wim wheelers and leaden in order supreme. Cm covern and mle, with a wave of his fin. All Europe—with Ireland thrown in! So far so good, bat die unfortunate Ludwig (admirably played by Rutland Harrington) gives literally the whole show away. Meeting an affable person who consumes three sausage rolls in rapid succession die actor assumes he is a conspirator, whereas in point of fact he's the Duke's detective. liud wig (in song) relates how be confided every detail of the revolu tion: — 1,0,. Quite reassured, I let Mm know Oar plot—sach incident explaining : That stra^er chuckled much, as though Htthoajfht me highly mtrrUining. I told him au, Both bad and good; I bade him cafl- He aid he would. < I added much—the more I modeled, Hie more that cbucknng chummy chuckled! Ail (angrily)— Abatcouldaee Be couldn't be A chum at ours if he chuckled! Dummkopf and his fiancee Julia are naturally much annoyed. Not only ate their prospects of becoming Grand Duke and Grand Duchess spoilt but it eeeems probable the com pany may have to "exhibit their fairy forms all m a row, strong m? npon the castle gibbet" A quarrel commences, but is solved by a convenient notary, who suggests that Dammkopf and Ludwig must 6ght a statutory duel. None of the company having heard of this convenient arrangement the notary ex plains that a century ago to "wipe out the duello" which had Tosnddeo fo For want of breath Bent nany a stopping fellow, the presiding prince passed a special Act, short and compact— By tin* inganionj law. if any Wo ?hall quarrel, Th?y may not fight With falchions bright (Which seesicd to him iznmonjQi But each a card ahaO draw, And he who draws die lomet Shall {so *ra*?id) Be henceforth dead— In fact a legal ?* ghocst* (When exigence of rhyme compels. Orthography foregose her cpelis. And "ebon" is written "ghoest"J. The winner most adopt Bie loser's posr nlmtions— Discharge his debt*, Pay all his bets, And take ins ob&csizona.; In short, to briefly smn tbe case, Tha winner takss toe loser's place. With all it* obligations. Lud.—l see. The man who draws the lowest card— '? — Not—Dies into facto a vocial death. He loses all his civil rights, his identity disappear*, the revising barrister expunges his name from tbe list of voteta, and the winner takes his place whatever it may be, discharges all his functions and adopts ail his responsibilities. Ebn.—This is a&very; well as far as it goes, but it only protects one of as. What's to be come of the survivor t Lud.—Yea, that's an interesting point be cause/might be the survivor. Not.—The survivor goes at once to the Grand Duke, and in a burst of remorse de nounces the dead man as the moving spirit of the plot He is aoospted as King's evidence, and, as a matter of course, receives a free pardon. To-morrow when the law expires the dead man wfil ij?so facto come to life again; the revising barrister will restore his name to the list of rotors, and he will resume all his obligations as though nothing unusual had happened. JGLIA.—When he will be at once arrested, tried, and executed on the evidence of the in former? Candidly, my friend, I don't dunk mnch of your plot ? Not. —Dear, dear, dear, the ignorance of tbe laity! My good young lady, it is abeauti fnl rnmriin of our glorious constitution that a man can only die once. Death expunges crime, and when he cooks to life again it will be with a clean slate. Ludwig win&the; duel with Dummkopf, and in due course presents himself to Duke Rudolph, a meanly clad, half-starved, sickly, depressed creature, who baa just been rendered extremely unwell by news of tie conspiracy. He sings— When you find your're a biulum- down criUer, Who ii all of a trimmle and twitter, With your palate unpleasantly bitter. As a yon\i Just eaten a pflL when your legs are as thin as dividers. And you're plagued with unruly insiders. And your spine is all creepy with spiders, And you're highly camboge m the gill. When your lips ate all sateary—iifca tallow. And you tongue as decidedly yellow, with a pint of warm oil in your swallow. And a parad at tin-tacks in rour chest Whtn you're down in the month wiih the vapors. And au over your new Morris papers Black- beeties are cutting their capers. And crawly things never at rest; When you doubt U your head is your own. And you jump when an open door slams, tt£Q you've got to a state which is known To (lie medical world as " jrui-jami." If such symptoms you find In your body or head, They're not easy to quell; Ton may make up your mind Yoo are better in bed. For you're not at all wen ' Ludwig begins to confess by avowing himself the most miserable nun in his Serene Higu nesses's dominions. Bud. (still sobbing).— You tbe most miser able man in my whole dominion ? How can | you have the face to stand there and say such j a thing? Why, look at me ! Look at me ! i (Bursts into tears). Lur>.—Well I wouldn't be a cry-baby. I BCD. —A cry-baby? If yon had just been told that you were going to be deposed to morrow, and perk*pa blown up with dyna mite, for all I know, wouldn't you. be a cry baby ? Ido declare if I could only hit upon , some cheap and painless method of putting an end to an existence which has become insup portable I would unhesitatingly adopt it. Ludwig with much prnaenoe of mind pro poses a statutory dud. Thaduke agrees, Dut of coarse there must be soon pretence of a quarrel to justify it. Lud.—Just to give color to the thing. Shall I give you a sound thrashing before ail the people? Say the word—ife no trouble. Him.—Ho, I think not; tboogh it weald be very convincing, and its extxenuly good and thoughtful of yon to suggest it. CltimaMiy a mock statutory duel is fixed np (Ladwig having the ace up hie aloeve), and comes on before all. lindwig of coarse wins, and becomes Grand Duke of Pfennig Halb Pfennig. The kobemes of Mr. Gilbert's books seldom differ. The first act creates topsy-hirveydom. The second shows it in action, liudwig s first proceeding as Grand Duke is to insist on as attempt to renva the classic memories of Athens at its best by r"?V'"C everybody adopt the dress of the panod. The eong in which Ludwic detaOs tbe scheme of tiiis revival is oae of the bes>t in the piece, though too loug to quote. After describing how the ancient Ureeks drank he sings— Then came rather risky dances (under certain dicran etanaes) Which would shock that worthy gentleman, the licensor of plays. Corytmntiin maniac kick, Dioojaac or Bacchic, And the Dithyranibic rente ol those undecoroua days. {TimrfMOTiftanjr (o audience}— And perhaps I'd bettermention, Lest alarming you 1 am, , Zhat it isn't oar intention To pert ono a Dithyramh, It displays a lot of stocking, Which is always very shocking; And of course I'm only mocking At the preraleiice of "cram." Ye*, on reconsideration, there are customs of that nation Which are not in strict accordance with the habits of cur day; And when I come to codify their roles I mean to modify. Or Mrs. Grandy, J>Vaps, may bare a word or two to say. For they hadnt mackintoshe* or umbrellas or goloshes— And a shower, with their dresses most have played the very aeoce. It most have been unpleasmg, when they caught a fit of aneesing. For it seems of pocketrhandketsuefs they djdnt know the me. They wore little nmAai*XafMng —scarcely anytiring— or northing— And their dreatot Coin silk was quite transparent in design Weu, in fact, in summer weather, somethug Eke flic "altogether." And WBttere, I rather fancy, I shall have to draw the line! The balance of this act is very thin, being mainly taken up with Toidwig's discovery that he must marry both Julia and tbe venerable Baroness yon Krakenfeldt as die fiancees of the men he's killed in statutory duds. Finally, of Bourse, the imbroglio is at toe right moment solved by tha discovery that the ace which wou both duels is the lowest not tbe highest card and counts only one. Kudolph consequently becomes Duke again, and pairs off with the Baroness, whilst Dummkopf and Julia and Ludwig and Lisa are reunited. At first bearing there do not seem to be many catchy numbers in Sir A. Sullivan's score Tbe most popular will probably be the opening chorus, |" £3oia! opoponax:" the herald's song, "The Prince of Monts Carlo;" Lud wig's " Classic memories;" and a madrigal on toe statutory duel. "The Grand Dok?" is splendidly mounted and efficiently cast, its moat remarkable feature being a particularly strong cherus which has a, great deal to do. ltrrdand Barrington as Lodwig divides tie "fat" with tbe new prim* donna, Mdlie. Uka vonPalmay, Mr. Walter Passmore (who has succeeded to the Groaamith parts) being the Grand Date Budolph, and Mr. C. Kenning ham Ernst Dummkopf. ATim fiosena Brandram makes an admirable baroness, and all -die other parts are thoroughly well fitted. London, April 10,1896. "The Gay Farisienne," successfully pro dnced at the Duke of York's Theatre on JSaetsr Monday, is an oUa podrida of the "Shop Girl" and "Artists' Model" school. The plot is of no consequence, bat srmgs and dances axe. If die piece catches on it will probably be because people want to hear Lionel Bignold warble "Tweedledum and tweedledee," to see Frank Wheeler dance, ajid to laugh at I?onie lTreear'6 droll render ing of "Sister Mary Jane's top- note." The latter wfli be all over London in a week. Miss Freear is a tiny little dwarf got np as a "slavey" out for a holiday, and wearing a huge hat and what she calls "fevrers" as big as herself. She describes with true comic gusto tha inception of "Sister Mary Jane's top-note. 9 Shft let it ?o one evening, and tiie organist, poor man. Went flying- through the window, and aray Uke mad he ran; It twisted atHteorjin pipes, and the boy who blew tbtwind Got jammed into the bellows hols, and Wt his boots behind; But Mary sat so saintly, for the poor girl didn't know— She cleared her throat to sing again, but everyone said "No." Henry Arthur Jones's new play for Willard is called "The Soothsayer?" The actor manager plays the part of Mr. Bailey Prothero, a professor of clairvoyance, whose pretensions to the possession of the occult art are sot always crowned with success, and when they meet with failure involve many characters of the play, not including himself, in a dire series of catastropues. The piece viD be found to deal with a topic which has been considerably before the English pubficof late, and, although the Bcenesare all hud in London, s crwt deal of action of vital importance takes place in Sooth Africa and Capel Court, and its habitues play a presunent part in the scheme of the story, lias GaraWjno OUiffe, who is to play Miss Jettison, alias Mrs. Bailey Protbero, has, as you know, just retained from Australia, where she bag been playing lead under tbe management of Messrs. Brooch & Bouoicault. | "Toe Star of India," at the Princess Theatee, is an Anglo-Indian melodrama by George R. Sims and Arthur Shirley, based in I tbe main on the sensational Manipur episode of a few years back. Captain and Mrs. (inmwood are not of course introduced in person, bat die hero and heroine, Captain and Mrs. Stanmom, are colorable imitations. The historic incidents of Manipur have in fact their counterpart in the new piece, this sec tion of which begins with a scene in whinh the British are attacked at the Residency at their Christmas dinner, and *.hi? subsequent episodes of their escape by the Jungle River are realised upon the tstage with full dramatic effect. We have seen nothing like it before; and these vivid pictures of Indian life appeal to tbe imagination not through die sense of the eye alone. In the purely pictorial elements of the scene partiouUr pains have been taken to ensure accuracy, and in the military details, correct to a button, the management have had the assistance of a military expert who is himbelf much esteemed a3 an authority on theatrical matters. liut the domestic interest of the story is not dissipated in scenic effects; a desperate plot, affecting tbe lives of a young married oanpVe, is developed amid the stress of starring events. Captain Stauinorc, who bourns to be standing near the brink of bigamy, is about to marry Kate Aroiger, when ber first bu&baaid;, loai^ since reported dead, returns to England. Ue returns, however, not to claim his wife, but. to extort money from Mark Stanmore, a villainous impostor, who has suc ceeded in passing himself as the elder brother of the gallant young officer. To none but the returned wanderer is this secret known, and the errant husband is murdered by an f"ri;?? servant, at the instigation of Mark Stanmore, just in time to establish tbe legality of the marriage between Kato and her lover. The young captain is at this fateful moment ordered off to India, and his wife, whose interests irere so clearly, served by the murder, remains to lace a criminal charge. If the authors followed the ordinary procsedin(r in Uie courts of ti:o drama i tbe heroine would be .straightway sentenced to death; but coui?WJUsenoe and strict laws of evidence are allowed to prevail, and Kate is acquitted. There the matter, it wms, is allowed to drop; but we come back to it again, as the audience not unnacuraliyerpacte, in the last act. In the meantime M^rk lias succeeded to the baronetcy to which Cat;ta:u Summon? is the ri^-!itful heir, and Kate has found her husband, und is beside him in all his perils. And such peri is I She gets free of the Residency at Manipur when it is attacked by the natives, and beside the 4 : Junglo Hiver she rejoins ber hust.*alid, who i& on the point 01 being done to death by the murderous Aleem KJiau when tbe British truojts come to their rescue. In a breathlessly exoitins scene Aleem Khan is sliot dou-n and Kalf3 carries hitu oil, wounded, through tlic nulies to tbeir boats. Her lcindn?s touciifes the black-faced rascal's black Ucart, and lu makes full confWsiun of ids crime, and on their return to England enables them to prove the infamous Mark's guilt. Careless of his own life, the Indian denounces his confede rate, and tieatE tbe police, who have already Becured Mark, by stabbing himself with tbe very knife with which he bad committed tlte murder in the early part of the play. The theatres up nearly all doing good busi ness just new, the biggest crou-ds perhaps besieging "The Sign of the Cross," "The Grand Duke," "Trilby," and "The Shop Girl." On Wednesday evening Mr. Edinimd Payne (the original Miggles), who has beeii despei-atelv iU for many montiis, took up his part again in the latter, and Mrs. Seymour Hicks {Ellaline Terriss), who leaves the cast at intervals to fulfil in terrias-ting maternal duties, reappeared as Bessie Brent. Mr. Hicks himself is the original Charley Appleby, and far the best of the many who have tilled the parr, and the naw songs dropped in to replace " Her Golden Hair, Ac, and " Brown of Colorado" have caught onwelL Altogether tbe "ShopGiri" looks like rivalling "Charley's Aunt," still running merrily at die Globe. 