ORIGINAL POETRY. MABEL LEE. A meeting of three, He who deemed he was first, we who knew he was last, He of the present, and I of the past, And you, Mabel Lee. The world sees no more Than a beautiful girl with such innocent eyes, Greeting so sweetly with faintest surprise A comrade of yore. And close by her side Her lover and lord looking down at her face And white shoulders veiled in the gossamer lace With lover-like pride. But the world does not know That deep in the innocent eyes lies a fear, And back from the past comes the ghost of a year That died long ago. Fear not, Mabel Lee, What is gone is forgiven, I came not to blame, Let it return to the past whence it came, Leaving with me The memory of dreams Fated to fade like the rainbow and die, Dreams that were dreamed 'neath a blue southern sky, By murmuring streams. A silent lagoon. And two by its side and whispers of love ; And over it all, in the dark world above, The passionless moon. Looking down as to-night It looks on this meeting and smiles as it sees Such partings as those and snob meetings as these, In its passionless light. Oh ! innocent face ; Oh ! white clinging arms, how your touch used to thrill ; Oh ! lips that were mine to be kissed at my will; And now all the grace, All the glory is thine ! Ah ! lover and lord as you stand by her side. How little you know in your satisfied pride That once she was mine. In the long long ago, Had another been first, ere 1 loved her, ah ! me Would her beauty seem less ; I am even as he So I did not know. But Mabel's eyes say "Could he blame if he knew—is there naught in his past Of regret—other dreams, other loves. Am I last, Or but queen of to-day?" Yes, but of we three Two are men, and we judge as men judge, and de- mand To be first to the heart as we are to the hand ; Not you, Mabel Lee. With heart like to mine, Or his—only human with wayward desires, Not given like ours to the ashes of fires— But wholly Divine. For we must believe You as cold as the snows that you pass thro' the world, Not hearing, not seeing—a bud closely furled, And you—must deceive. And so let it be. I forgive, but till death I will know the regret It has left in my heart—but you will forget Long ere that, Mabel Lee. ETHEL MILLS. Callandoon Station, Goondiwindi, Q. 