LOST--A PEARLE. — By Mrs. Georgie Sheldon. CAAPTffiR XV. good-bye to the old life. The earl then sought his guests, and explained in as few words as pos sible what had happened, and nearly everyone expressed intense satisfac- tion that the girl whom they had all admired had thus escaped her treach erous husband's power. To Richard Byrnholm the intelli gence was most welcome. He could better bear to think of her in almost any condition in life than as the wife and constant companion of such a wretch as Adison Cheetham had proved hirme f to be. But- how had all this been accom plished — how had Pearle managed ' to escape from Ashton Manor and no . one been cognizant of the fact? Something of the circumstances the earl and his . guests learned from Elizabeth, who had reluctantly as sisted her. When the luckless bride sped from the reception-room to her own, one thought alone, filled; her mind — to fly from the place and put miles and miles between her and the hated being who had doomed her to a life long misery. From the moment in which she had decided to yield to his demands, she had also planned to do this thing. She had cunningly resolved to tacitly submit to the dreadful cere mony that should bind her with the most galling chains by which mortal was ever bound, get possession of the evidence that would ruin Richard if made public, and then hide herself for ever from Adison Cheetham's sight. Render him the duties and obedience of a wife she never would; she might be obliged to. yield to the letter of the law, but the spirit of it she never Could— she never would keep. Once within her room, she turned to her maid. ' Elizabeth, get this finery off me with all possible despatch," she said, at the 'same time tearing off the costly gloves and casting them from her ; and in five minutes the faithful girl had removed the elegant wed ding dress, the dainty boots and silken hose, Replacing them with others more suitable for travelling. ' Now bring me the dress you were intending to travel in yourself,' Pearle commanded. ' Miss Pearle,' began the aston ished girl. ' Bring it !' the pale bride repeated, impatiently. ' What are you going to do, Miss Pearle?' the girl ventured to ask. ' I am going to run away,' she answered, fiercely. . ' I am going to run away from the vilest brute in the shape of a man that ever trod the earth !' ' Great Heaven !' gasped the maid, starting back in affright at her man ner. ' Now, Elizabeth, make haste if you love .me,' Pearle went on, more gently. 'Bring me the dress you were to have worn yourself ; no mat ter if it does not fit me, it is about the right length. Get your own travell ing-bag, and put me up a few neces sary articles. Get a roll of notes which you will find in my desk, and put part into my purse and the rest into the bag'. There,' she went on, as Elizabeth brought the neat, dark- dress that she had made with so much pride to wear on the wedding journey; 'that will disguise me nicely. Now work nimbly while 1 put it. on, and I, will tell you some thing of my plans ; but you must breathe them to no one but my bro ther, and not to him until I am well out of the way. I cannot tell you much, for there is not rime ; but you must know that only dire necessity, the most abject fear, would have compelled me to the course I have pursued to-day. And, ah, me ! all for naught. Of course I hate the man who now claims me as his wife' —she shuddered at the word — ' of course I can never exist in his pre sence one moment. I am going away where no one can find me, for a while at least — perhaps for ever,' she added, with an expression of agony on her white face, while with trembl ing fingers she fastened the dress, and then put on the mantle belonging to it. ' Have you' got everything I need in the bag ?' she asked, hurriedly. 'Yes, Miss Pearle; but, oh! my dear young lady, let me go with you; you are. not fit to go away by your self,' pleaded the faithful girl, with a burst of tears. ' No, Elizabeth ; that would never do. I must go by myself, and bear my punishment alone.' ' But what will you do ? — you have never even dressed yourself alone in all your life. Miss Pearle, you will die if you go out into the cold world alone.' ' It would be better, perhaps, if it should prove so,' the fair bride said, bitterly. ' No, no; don't talk so wildly, so hopelessly, my lady. Let me go with you; I will serve you gladly; I will .go to the ends of the earth with you,' Elizabeth begged, burying her face in the folds of her mistress's dress and sobbing wildly. ' Get up, Elizabeth,' Pearle com manded, sternly,' to keep herselffrom- breaking down at this evidence of the girl's faithfulness. ' Get up,' she repeated. ' I have no time to spend in useless repining; I must be far from here before another half-hour has elapsed.. Bring me your hat and veil, an,d your travelling-shawl.' Elizabeth ' brought them, her honest lace almost convulsed with grief, and the tears pouring over her cheeks. ' Now get me the darkest pair of gloves you can find — these will do,' as the maid took up a pair lying on the dressing-case. ' Ah !' Pearle cried, with an - expression of horror, as she was.about drawing one of tnem on. She had caught the gleam of her wedding-ring. She had not rea lised until that moment that she wore one, not having, been conscious when it had been put upon her finger. She wrenched it oft with angry vehem ence, and threw it, with a motion of disgust, into the grate, where a slow fire was burning. ' So perish every hope that' he may have in this life !' she said, bitterly, and never dreamed that the impulsive words were to prove a solemn prophecy. ' There, I believe I am ready,' she continued, when the last glove was buttoned. ' Now, Elizabeth, I want you to go and tell Wiliiam to saddle Prince. If he asks you why or wherefore, tell him you have an errand to do for me in great haste. When the horse is ready, bring him. round to the group of poplars by the south tower door. Hasten, for I have not a moment to lose.' With a nearly breaking heart, Elizabeth went to do her mistress's bidding ; while Pearle sat down and hurriedly pencilled those lines to' her brother which had caused such con sternation to Adison Cheetham. Scarcely five minutes elapsed ere Elizabeth was back again. With all her sorrow at losing her dear lady, she could not help rejoicing to know that she was determined to be free. ' Prince is ready, Miss Pearle ; he is under the shade of the poplars. The servants are all employed in the basement and, dining-room, and not a soul is to be seen on the south side of the house,' she said, trembling with excitement. 'Thank you ; that is just as I wish it. Now, good-bye, Elizabeth. You have been very kind and faithful to you, and I shall never forget it. If I should never return — : ' 'Oh, Miss Pearle, don't !' interrup ted the girl, throwing her arms around her with a gesture of despair. 'Hush! do not grieve so. It is better for me to go, for my life here is ruined. Now, do not let anyone know that I have gone until inquiry is made. Give me all the time you can. ' Unpack those trunks,' she added, as her eye fell upon her tra velling-trunks, which were strapped and ready for the journey, ' and help yourself to as many of their contents as you like. I give you anything you may choose, for your faithfulness to me. Good- bye, my long-tried, Elizabeth !' She bent forward and kissed the weeping girl on the forehead, and then, without a backward glance, walked quickly from the room, drawing a thick veil over her face as she went. She stole down the- same unfrequented stair way that she had traversed the pre vious night, cautiously opened the south tower door, and peered 'out.' Not a' person was in sight, as Eliza beth hath told her, and her trusty horse was quietly standing under the thick shadow of the poplars. She glided out, stepped lightly to his side, sprang into the saddle, and turning her back, as she believed, for ever on her home, she took a footpath that led into a thick growth of wood that stretched away to the south of the manor-house. This path led at length to an' unfrequented cart-road, which finally came out into a small manu facturing town about five milesaway. When Pearle reached the outskirts of this town she dismounted and turned her horse's head back in the direction of Ashton Manor, then tied his bridle to the pommel of her saddle, with the intention of sending him home alone. He was a horse that she had owned for years. He had been broken when a colt for her special use, and she had grown to love hi'm as a dear friend. A great choking lump came into her throat as he turned his kind, questioning eyes upon her while she tied the bridle, seeming to know that some thing was wrong with her. She put both arms around his neck and leaned her head against him, while a sob burst from her, as she murmured; ' Good-bye, my faithful Prince — the last familiar object my eyes may rest upon, perhaps for ever. Dear old horse, you and I have spent many a happy hour together, and I know you'll miss the loving hand that has guided you for so many years. Dear Prince — good fellow,' she continued, patting him fondly and laying her cheek against his shining neck, as if she could not bear to let him go, while the tears, for the first time on that dreadful day, gathered in. her eyes and ran over her pale face. The intelligent animal appeared to know that she was in trouble, for he rubbed his head softly against her shoulder and whinnied whistfully. But it would not do to give way to her feelings now ; there was no time for repinings or vain regrets. Giving him one last hug, and leaving a kiss on his sleek neck, she said, in a firm, authoritative tone: 'Prince, go home now.' She gave him a sharp blow with her whip. The horse pricked up his ears in surprise, gave a bound, and was gone irom her sight in less time than it takes to relate it. . 'And so good-bye to ail. the old- life,' Pearle said, bitterly, and with quivering lips, as he disappeared from view. Tossing her whip among the bushes, she picked up her bag and shawl from the ground and turned her steps towards the railway-station in the village. c Does the London express stop here ?' she asked, walking up to the station- master as . she entered the waiting-room. ' It do not, Miss — leastwise, not regular. When his honour Mr Rug- gles wants to go to the city, then we signal it to stop,' he answered, good- naturedly. Pearle knew that his honor Mr ; Ruggles.was the great manufacturer of the place, and her heart beat fast with a nervous fear as she put her next question : ' Will it stop to-day ?' ' Yes, miss, it will. I got word half an hour ago to signal the train.' A sigh of relief escaped her at this intelligence. Only three-quarters of the hour that she had claimed for herself was yet gone. She knew the express train was due at this place somewhere about this time, and she had fled hither, hoping to be able to catch it. ' Want to go up to Lonnon, Miss ?' asked the station-master, having noted the sigh. ' Yes,' ftnd with eager, trembling fingers she drew forth her purse and paid for her ticket. ' How long before the train will pass?' she asked, anxiously. ' You're just about in time, miss ; there's the whistle now,' the man returned, as the quick, sharp blast of a locomotive sounded about a mile away. Pearle went out upon the platform, feeling, deeply thankful that every thing was- so favourable for her escape, and glad that she had no longer to wait, since every moment of delay and suspense were torture to her. A few moments more, and then the train thundered into the station, stopped for one brief instant, and then Pearle was whirled away — away towards the great metropolis, where, among the seething, surging multi tude, she hoped .to hide and be lost for ever to . all who witnessed the fatal act which she had so rashly committed that day. But who can tell what she suffered mentally as she was thus . speeding „ away from home and all she loved ? Who can describe the bitterness of her sensitive -heart, or the rebellion which rent her proud nature to its very depths ? CHAPTER XVI. — ' how came she here.' When-Adison Cheetham left Ash ton Manor he was nearly beside himself with rage, chagrin, and bitter disappointment. He had fondly hoped in his mad passion for her that if he could by any means frighten or force her into a marriage with him, he would be able, by persistent kindness and de votion, to win her by-and-by to regard him with something like favour, if not affection. He knew well enough now that she hated him with all the force of her proud nature;- He knew also that she loved his enemy with a de votion of which few women were capable, and he had feared that it would be a long time before she would forgive him for the part he had played to accomplish his' pur pose. He ground his teeth with rage ; he muttered curses fierce and deadly upon the whole family, and more than all upon his own stupidity for not having foreseen such an event. ' I might have known by her man ner, and by her cursed pride and hatred of me, that she never would consent to go with me,' he said, as he sped towards Linden Grange to get his baggage — for of course his visit there was at an end now. ' And yet,' he added, thoughtfully, 'she pretended that she was going to ac company me — she appeared to con sent. Oh, she was even then planning to fly. She knew that her lordly brother would never consent to let her leave him, and she knew that if she stayed I would never cease to haunt her. But,' he cried, striking his fist fiercely against the side of the carriage. ' I'll find her ;U swear she shall not escape me. I will upset the whole kingdom rather than be baffled thus. That fortune, too — does she think to cheat me of that also ? No ; I am her husband. How much I could have done with her income and mine united ! I could have made the old place shine as I would like, to see it ; I would have run for the county membership, and I could have risen rapidly in the world.' With such gloomy reflections as these, he traversed the distance be tween Ashton Manor and Linden Grange. He did not alight when the carriage stopped, but putting his head out of the window, called to his valet. ' Bring the luggage, Andrew, as quickly as possible,' he said. Andrew hastened to obey. The baggage was brought and strapped upon the back of the carriage ; the valet then jumped upon the seat with the driver, and they were rapidly driven away for ever from Linden Grange. The disappointed bridegroom gave orders to be taken to the ' Leicester Arms,' where he had decided to re main for a few days at least. He would have been glad to de part at once and for ever from the hated place that had been the scene of his recent mortification and disap pointment. But he did not fully believe in Pearle's flight ; he had a suspicion that she might be safely hidden away in some of the many apartments at Ashton Mannr, and he determined to assure himself regard ing this before he too should go. He spent several days skulking around the manor- house, questioning everyone whom he met concerning the inmates, until at last, in his ramb- lings, he stumbled upon Pearle's riding-whip, which she had tossed among the bushes' by the road-side after sending her horse back to her home,' He recognised it at once by its beautiful inlaid handle, which he had always admired, and which had also her initials engraved upon it. This seemed to enlighten him somewhat as to her movements, and he Hastened at once to the village station, where, by adroit inquiries, he learned that, on the day of the great wedding at' Ashton Manor, a young woman, very neatly clad in a dark travelling-suit, had bought a ticket for London, and taken the through express which passed there at one o'clock. ' Ah ! she was being whirled to wards London whilst I was fretting and fuming, and waiting for hef in the salon at the manor over yonder,' Adison Cheetham growled, upon learning the above, items. But this doubtful certainty was better than no knowledge of her movements — it at least gave him a clue, and he proceeded to act upon it at once. That afternoon found him also an the way to London, swearing that he would find her if it took him his lifetime and every penny of which he was possessed. The anxiety and excitement of the last two weeks had worn him sadly, strong man though he was. He had passed many a -sleepless . night, while the passion to which he liad given vent on the morning of the wedding had exhausted his, . strength not a little; and when he found himself comfortably settled in a compart ment of a railway carriage, which he had secured to himself, he lay back in his seat and gave himself up to the first real rest he had had for a fortnight. He had nearly a hundred miles to travel — it would be almost evening when he reached his desti nation — and fearing no interruption, he' soon dropped into .a deep and dreamless sleep. .The hours went by ; the train thundered on its way, bearing its precious human, freight, who were all unconscious of the mournful ' tragedy that was to rudely shock them before the day was done. Seventy-five miles of the way were safely traversed ; all was Well, save that the traia.vwas a few. minutes behind time; ST his, however, could easily be m add up by judicious pres sure, and the engineer gave himself no uneasiness on that account. ' Away, away' they flew over the in tervening miles, fields, fences, and villages seeming literally to fly past them. Already the smoke, which always hangs over the great city, could be distinguished in the dis tance ; nearer, and nearer it seemed to come ; fifteen minutes more, and, Heaven willing, all would be well. A black,- gaping, wide-mouthed tunnel suddenly receives the human- freighted train ; it is lost to view, then emerging, passes safely through ; a curve, somewhat bold and abrupt, is rounded, when — ah ! what is that object just ahead ? The faithful engineer utters a sharp cry of dismay. His heart bounds wildly within his bosom; then, as if suddenly paralysed, drops back like a lump of lead, the shock leaving him almost without strength, his face blanching to the hue of .death, while every hair upon his head seemed to rise on end. He had seen, only a few rods away, standing between' the rails, and directly in the path of his rushing engine, a dark-robed figure — like some statue carved in dusky marble, panic-stricken and motionless. He gave shrill, sharp signals for ' down breaks,' instantly reversing the engine and opening the escape valves, using his utmost endeavour to slacken the speed of the train. Still that figure stood without motion— apparently without life. He could now distinguish the white, set face, the upraised, clasped hand. Oh ! if it would but move ! Why did it not spring aside from the hor rible, danger menacing it ? The engine . laboured, jumped, creaked,. and groaned, like some wild beast hungry for its prey, resolutely determined to overleap every barrier. The engineer shut his eyes to the sight he knew must greet them, while a sickening, horrible thriil ran through every vein and nerve. A moment of awful suspense, a wild, unearthly shriek, a hardly per ceptible jar, and then the engine, panting like some mighty leviathan in its death-throes, its strength ex hausted, its. dreadful work of des truction accomplished, subsided into silence and repose. ..The engineer thrust his white, horror-stricken face forth, and looked back along the track. A shudder shook him from head to foot as he saw, not far distant, a heap of some thing lying between the tracks. ' Great heavens, it is a woman !' he cried to the fireman ; and jumping to the ground, he sped back towards the silent object. By this time every passenger was on the alert. They had heard those' startling whistles, proclaiming danger ahead ; they had marked the efforts to slacken the speed of the train, and many a heart had grown faint with fear lest some dreadful calamity was about. to overtake them. Great was their consternation upon learning that a woman had been killed, and hundreds left the carriages to look upon the poor, unfortunate victim. The engineer had been the first to reach her. He had lifted her ten derly in his arms, borne her to a grassy spot not far distant, and laid her gently down, straightening out her limbs, and smoothing her cloth ing decently over them. Are you. sure she is dead ?' some one asked. 'Yes, she is dead,' he answered, with a face -of anguish ; .' and the first one I have killed in twenty-seven years' service. Poor thing ! and she so fair and sweet to look upon, too.' The tears streamed down his face as he bent over her, smoothing the heavy hair from her fair brow, where a great bruise suggested how the cruel work had been done. She was a young woman of ap- parently twenty-one or twenty-two years, and her face was very beauti ful, save that unsightly mark. Her eyes were closed, and their dark fringes lying against the white cheek made it seem stili fairer. Her nose was small and straight, the mouth full and sweet in expression, and the chin beautifully rounded. Pier rich, abundant hair had become disar ranged in her fall, and fell around her neck, and shoulders in a profusion of rippling waves. Her form was slender and graceful, and looked very trim in the neatly-fitting dress she wore. The small white hands, which ' the tender-hearted engineer had reverently folded over her still breast, were as fair and delicate as any high born lady's in the land, and on the third finger oi her left hand there gleamed a wedding-ring. ' Who can she be ?' ' She-is mar ried.' ' How came she to be walking on the line ?' were the qtieries and comments which were heard on every side, as one after another . of the anxious passengers came to look, and then turned heart-sick away from thd sad sight. ' How did it happen ?' the Fondue tor asked of the almost heart-broken engineer. ' I do not know. It seems as if she might have saved herself if she had bad her wits about her. We came upon her just as we rounded yonder curve. I saw her turn and look back as I whistled, and then stand still as if panic-stricken. Just before we reached her I saw her fall ; I think she must have fainted from fright. I did my best to stop the train, and the force was nearly spent when the engine hit her. If she had been a few yards further on, she would have been saved.' ' Are there any bones broken?' the conductor asked. ' None that I can discover,' said a physianj who had been examining the woman. ' Neither of her arms or legs are broken, but there -may be some internal injury which caused her death.' ' Ah, yes ! and that cruel bruise on her forehead. . Poor child, poor child ! and the first one I ever killed in all my twenty-seven years of ser vice,' moaned the remorseful en gineer, with quivering lips. ' The bruise could not have been the cause of her death ; I think it is not in the right place. There must, be some internal injury,' replied the physician. ' Are you sure, sir, that she is clean gone — can nothing be done ?' the engineer asked, eagerly, seeming to gather something of hope from the medical man's words. ' No ; nothing can be done. There is no pulse, no heart-beat, no breath. She is past all help,' was the sad reply. Still the passengers kept coming and going. There'was quite a crowd- gathered about the unfortunate'' woman, when all at once there came from the midst of it a startled, horri fied cry ; ' Heaven ! how came she here ?' That was all, but everyone stand-' ing there heard it, and turned in voluntarily to see whence it came. There were white, scared faces all about, but among them all there was not one that appeared to be more so than another, and a solemn silence, dropped over the spot as they waited, expecting to see some heart broken father, brother, or husband rush forward and claim the lifeless body. But no one moved ; no other word was spoken. 'Who said that ? Does anyone know who the unfortunate creature is ?' demanded the conductor, glanc ing sharply round. . There wai ho reply, and he repea ted his question in a louder tone, but .with the same result ; and a wonder ing expression came into every face, while whispers and surmises flowed from lip to lip. Whoever had uttered that cry — whoever had spoken those words, seemed to have some power ful motive for keeping silent, upon second thought. Only two men in that crowd knew who had been so startled upon heholding that white, still face upon the grass, or who had given utterance to that frightened cry and those terrified, words. The woman's pockets were ex amined to see if they could discover any clue to her identity ; bur nothing was found save a small purse, which contained a sovereign and a tew pieces of silver. The conductor, after consulting a while with some of the passengers, ordered thai she be lifted into the baggage-carriage and laid upon a pile of shawls and cloaks that had been volunteered for that purpose, everyone seeming to feel a sort of tender pity for the beautiful stranger wno had come to such a sad and untimely end. . The train then moved slowly on, reaching, its desti nation nearly an hour behind time. The body was given to the care of the proper officials upon reaching the city, to be carried away to the mor tuary, there to await identification ; and the busy throng went its way. As Adison Cheetham stepped upon the platform from the carriage in which he had been riding, he met his valet, who was awaiting him, and' who, on beholding him, started back with an exclamation of dismay. ' Are you ill, sir ?' he asked ;. and well he might ask, for the man's face was perfectly colourless, and wore an expression of horror beyond descrip tion. He was shivering as if chilled through with the cold, and his teeth chattered audibly. ' No,' he replied, gruffly ; ' but after such a cursed fright a man may be expected to look ill. It is enough to give anyone the horrors to be startled from a sound sleep by such unearthly noises, and then told that we were all going straight to — - — ' The place of which he spoke is universally conceded to be a very warm one. 'Did you get out to look at — the — her ?' inquired his servant, with an expressive shrug and emphasis. His master swore angrily. ' What should I wane to get out and look at a mangled corpse for ? I had enough to quiet my own nerves after such a shock. I would give a hundred pounds if we hadv come on some other train. Ugh ! what have they done with — it ?' he asked, with a shudder, and glancing .fearfully round, as if feared that the ghost of that unfortunate woman was about to rise up and confront him. 'They are just taking her to the mortuary, sir — there they go now,' the valet answered, pointing to two men who were carrying a rude litter, upon, which something strangely and fear fully suggestive lay, covered with'- a black cloth. Cheetham ' started vio lently as" his eyes fell upon it, and muttering another oath, he. turned quickly from the sight. . - Andrew procured a carriage, had the baggage transferred to it, and then -went to call his master, for the driver was anxious to bs off, in-order to return in time for another train. - Darkness had settled down upon the great city ; a fine, drizzling rain was falling, and the air was keen and chill. It seemed likely to be a dis mal, uncomfortable night— one to make, the traveller long for his own snug home, with its cheerful lights, its blazing fires, and kindly faces. The "street lights flickered and flared. shedding ghostly rays around, making the gloom , seem even more gloomy than it was by contrast, and casting weird shadows among the many vehicles which were waiting to receive their passengers at one end of the station. But as Cheetham came forth and entered his cab, and gave his order to be driven to the " Lang- ham," something more substantial than a shadow might, have .been seen to move away from the side of the carriage which he had entered, and glide quietly away into the darkness. (to be continued)'; 