HORSES' NAMES AND THEIR SIGNIFICATION. OCCASIONAL PAPERS ON TURF NOMENCLATURE. No. XVL Br Ribbleden. " What ia obvious is not always known, and what is known is not always present." Romsdal.—By Boolka—Wilara. A province In Norway, Kangolandal—By Trident—Nellie. In the language o£ the Australian aborigines, " once more." Bannacht Laith,—By Middlemarch— Guiccioli. In Irish, a salutation; as good bye ; farewell. Ardrigh.—By Baigo—Granule. In the early history of Ireland and Scotland, a chief monarch or king. Aubaria.—By Trenton—Aura. In Latin, "a gold mine;" also, "a female worker in gold," or "a gold dealer." Camisole. — By Escutcheon — Fratch. (French). A loose jacket worn by women when dressed in negligee. CloChna-Bein.—By Darriwell—Aurora. A mountain in Kincardineshire, Scotland! It is sometimes called " White Stone Hill," Bernardo.—By Henchman—Ophelia. An officer in Shakespeare's " Hamlet." He, with Marcellus, first sees the murdered king's ghost. Dabchick.—By The Diver—Iris. A name given to the lesser grebe, a web-footed bird with short wings and very expert at diving. The Black Prince.—By Elsinore—Monody. Edward, Prince of Wales, son of Edward III. of England ; so named from the colour cf his armour. M'Callum Mohb an Deibadh. — By M'Callum Mohr—Ringarooma. In Gaelic, " The last of the M'Callum Mohrs." (The colt is the last of his sire's Btock.) Gulliver. — By Marvellous — Terrara. Lemuel Guiiiyer, the ostensible recounter of Gvttiver's Travels, a social and political prose satire, in the form of a book of travels, j written by Jonathan Swift, and published in 1726. Beau Nash.—By Cadogan—La Mode. An English leader of fashion, sometimes called the " King of Bath " (from the watering-place of that name, where he was master of cere monies). He was a professional gambler. Goldsmith wrote his life in 1762. Ambrosia.—By Anteroa—Arrowflighfc In Greek legend, a celestial Bubstance, capable of imparting immortality, commonly repre sented as the food of the gods, but some times as their drink, and also as a richly perfumed unguent. His dewy locks distill'd ambrosia. —Miltox : " Paradise Lost." Black Flag.—By Free Trade—Topsy. One of a band of irregular soldiers infesting the upper valley of the Red River in Tonquin. The Black Flags were originally survivors of the Taiping rebellion in China. Increased by the accession of various adventurers, they fought against the French in their wars with Annam abont 1873-85. Pibamus,—By Natator—Constance. In classical legend, a youth of Babylon, the lover of Thisbe. Supposing Thisbe to have been torn to pieces by a lion, he stabbed himself, and Thisbe, finding the dead body, stabbed herself also. Both fell dead under a mulberry-tree, which has ever since borne blood-red fruit. Shakespeare has a travesty of this tale in "A Midsummer Night's Dream." Fadladeen.—By The Australian Peer— Lalla Rookli. The great Nazir or chamber lain of Aurnngzebe's harem, in Thomas Moore's romantic poem of "Lalla Rookh." "He was a judge of everything—from the pencilling of a Circassian's eyelids to the deepest questions of science and literature; from the mixture of a conserve of rose leaves to the composition of an epic poem. . . . All the cooks and poets of Delhi stood in awe of him," Niobe.—By Oudeis—Latona. The personi fication of female sorrow. According to Grecian fable, Niobe was the mother of twelve children, and taunted Latona because she had only two-rApollo and Diana. Latona commanded her ebildren to avenge the in sult, and they caused all the sons and daughters of Niobe to die. Niobe was in consolable, wept herself to death, and was j changed into a stone, from which ran water. Like Nioie, all tears. —Shakespeare : "Hamlet" Tabtufee. —By Argus Scandal. Theprincipal character of Moli&re;'s comedy of that name —"an obscene pedant; a red-faced hypo critical wretch, who, palming himself off on an honest and refined family, tries to drive the son away, marry the daughter, corrupt the wife, rain and imprison the father, and almost succeeds in it, not by olever plots, but by vnlgar mummery and by the coarse audacity of his caddish disposition." The original was the Abb6 de Roquette, a parasite of the Prince de CondS. It-is said that the name is from the Italian tartujfoli (truffles), and was suggested to Mol&re; on seeing the sudden animation which lighted up the fanes of certain mohks when they heard that a seller of truffles awaited' their orders. Bickewtaffs play, "The Hypocrite," is an English version of "Tattuffe.*' . lnto fronblein Ade sw1n \VedntMday. P. BoIger reported A. I& with him in the Hurdle mcmthn ML^w* 8 8Q8Pen4ed Ferry for six 