ETA TIGHT PLACE; A gentleman who was a Colonel in the Confederate Army and is now a resi dent of Chicago, relates many thrilling ; episodes of the war, of which the follow- ing is not the least interesting: 1 came through the lines — no matter how — on special business, the exact nature of which I don't care to divulge even at this late hour. T was quite a youngster then, comparatively speaking, you know, and had a good deal of the dare devil about me. I went into the war from the start. I was one of the first fellows in New Orleans to mount a blue cockade on my hat. Well, as I was say ing, I came boldly up to Chicago. Got through the Union lines in Kentucky, where there were many facilities for that. The hedge was full of gaps and letters went regularly through. But I had to be cautious in my movements. The Federal authorities were on the lookout for secret emissaries. I came to meet some parties from Canada, and I met them, transacted my business, and went around town for several days enjoying myself. "One morning I received a note from a lady of my acquaintance, who had a kindly feeling for the South and who was well posted on current movements, ill/" rote: 'I learn on undoubted 'i £ty that von are known to be m Ob < > Xh<? '< out lor you. W nen ?ocf -gee this stay where you are until night aud tnen go to Mrs. X's, street. &.id snow her this note and I think you will bo all right.' "Here's 'a pretty mess,' I said to my self. However, 1 determined to weather the gale. I had been through many a big battle, but to get in a tight place like, this was calculated to make a man nervous, as I might be arrested as a spy and shot. . I wasn't a spy, however; but I couldn't prove that I wa-n't. "X wasn't molested daring the day. 1 stuck, close to my quarters and, chang ing my elotbes and putting on a slouch hat and pulling it down over my eyes I launched out on the street and pursued my way to the address indicated in tho lady's note. The streets were pretty lively with people and a regiment of soldiers was marching down Lake street to the Illinois Central depot to take a train for the front. Fine, strong young fellows they were in that regi ment, too, with a band of music playing on© of the popular songs of the day. 1 got to the house all right and found the lady to be an old Southern friend. Ai old friend, but a very young and hand some lady, the wife of a very aerreeable Chicago gentleman. 'You'll be al right here,' she said, and I thought so, too. She, her husband and I had a very, pleasant evening together and parted for the night in high spirits. 1 was tired and went to sleep very quickly. Don't know how long I slept, but I was suddenly awakened by a thundering knock at my door. I sprang up and found my friend, the master of the household, pale as a ghost, standing in the hall. 'An officer and a guard are at the dnor and vou must hide — I don't know where — or we shall be ruined.' " 'Go ahead,' I said, 'and let them in. I'll take care of myself and you shan't be compromised. ' "It was a desperately rough situatiou. Just then my friend's wife came quickly tome and said: 'Come in here, we must do the best we can and adopt heroic means. Get in there and don't breathe or you're lost.' "She pointed to her bed. " 'Get under the mattress and lie still as death, and get air when you can.' "In an instant I saw her plan. The bed was a large one. The springs wer6 large. I pulled up the mattress, jumped in on the springs, and pulled the mattress over me. The lady then returned to her bed and quickly lay down as naturally as you please over me. She wasn't very heavy, but the mattress was, and the springs seemed to have edges cutting into my legs and side. "Hardly had we disposed ourselves in this unique manner when the Lieuten ant and his men were admitted to the house. We could hear loud talking and a deal of profanity as they explored the house from cellar to garret and looked in every closet and ran their bayonets into piles of clothes. At last the door of the room opened. The officer touched his hat and remarked that he couldn't use much ceremony, as the case was urgent. He had been informed and was convinced that Col. was in the house, and he meant to have him. "Mrs. X pleaded sickness as an excuse for not rising and aiding the search, and said: 'Look everywhere, sir, over the house. There's nobody here except myself, my husband, and servants. All the closets and coal-bins and everything are at your disposal. We have nothing to conceal.' " 'Oh !' said the officer, 'I've heard all that many a time. I shall have to look all through your room, madam.' "He did. "He looked in each closet; called his men in and. made them run their bayo nets into the wall to be sure there were no secret closets anywhere. He stooped down, looked under the bed within four feet of me. Jove ! but I was in a cold sweat. One movement, one creak of a spring, one sneeze, or hard breath would have betrayed me. ' But, after three minutes of suppressed vitality, the Lieutenant withdrew, muttering: 'This is d — d strange.' "Still he lingered down-stairs; went into the cellar again, into the back yard, tore up boards from the floors, and ran his bayonets into the parlor sofas. At last the gang cleared out, thoroughly disgusted. They did their duty cer tainly, and deserved promotion. "I waited on those infernal springs two hours before I moved. I was afraid they would suddenly come back. But they didn't. The guard was kept around the house until 10 o'clock next morning and then they withdrew. I spent the day with my friends, borrowed a suit of clothes and a hat from my friend, shaved my mustache off. and at 8 o'clock in the evening, taking leave of my kind protectors, I lighted a cigar, Btepped boldly into the street, and be fore midnight was a good many miles on my way to the Confederacy. That is what I call a pretty close shave." A printer must be a pretty skillful targeon to set broken type. Echuca shire council meets fourth Monda in month at Rochester and Echuca alter nately. Entertainment in Tatura hall by the Byrne- side Dramatic Club, date to be fixed Kyabram fruitgrowers' association meet Bishop's hall fourth Tuesday in each month at 3 30 p.m. Kyabram fire brigade — Monthly meeting : first Tuesday, and practice last Tuesday in month. 