lffe:::; Sforiik lbs*. m^-rf,.- ??????? -s ??: ?? '?? .b ? ' ; : lie Peer and the Woman. 1 ': .book ii. i : ; CHAPTER XXII. ?j fUKGINNINCS OF THE KND : MSEN ?:Nii't.:fortbc first time in the world's Hstbry it seemed as though one of the Hirest spots on earth bud been chosen Hr alseene of blood. Close to the edge H tb'o oiiff. aud separated from the villa By a, thick plantathn if pine trees, was a Hjoo1.ii plateau of springy, green turf, HnttUi on one side by tho sea, and only Hcessible from the grounds by a wind Hg |)alh lIjMiiyh tho plantation. The Besh'ost of morning breezes was bending Me d-rk top? of Hie slim, grncefnl pine He'edi:.^It.'.' wits lluviiiost exhilwrating Hrib'dv*of' ttie wholn day. Night had Hpssedvawiiy, 'but mnrning had barely Brae. ;'.-, ?.'..???. . ? H Standing on the very ? edge of the Hiff, ^bareheaded, with his white hair H-wing''in the breeze, stood M. de Fenr ttt. ? )3e was in his shirt and trousers Hply, and he was leaning slightly on a Bng, bare - sword. He looked very nn JEpe a. -'man- labna't'-to.. fisflit.for bis life ; Bore, indeed, - as though he had just Bpme unsettled and triumphant through Bme^fiefce ordeal; ' ffl Some' 'slight noise which I made in whanging my; position attracted bis Hotice, and he turned round and. saw Bho. '?;'? : ????-- ' !' ! ? - ' ' ?' H ' Ifejllson !' he cried. 'You. here! Has your master returned ?' he added Etgerly.: ? I shook my head. ' I have but lately RimeJrotn, the hotel, sir,' I said. ? Hfo Biing^has been heard of him.' H »Ah!' He turned awfty from me, Hnd: a shade of disappointment passed Hver his face. I felt that I must speak, H; only -to -arrest -the current of his Hhoughts. . H .??..« It's a beautiful sunrise, sir,' I.re Haarked, scarcely knowing what I said. H~ ' Ay, Neillspn, it is,' he answered. ?A beautiful sunrise. I sha'l see it set Horn another world, please God,'; . he Hided softlv. H .''' Yon are going to fight a duel, sir ?'.. H 'I am. A duel to the death,' he Haid, smiling. ''Fetch my coat here, Hreillson,' he went on. ' Tbat'B right. RTeel, in that pocket and take out a Iet Her.' ??.. ? - ? \'. .' ? ? ? Hyl dicTso. It 'was addressed to my ?master. ? v ? H- Neillson, when I am dead; as I shall He when the snn comes up from behind ?hose clouds, I lay;a charge upon yon— H solemn charge. -You must find your Haaster-TTl care , not where he is^you Hnu&t; find him, and give him that letter. H)o yon promise ?'?. '''' H 'I promise,' I answered faintly. ? But-^— '?; :'.'';.' , ? ' ? Nayi' no bats,' he interrupted. ' You Hrouldhave me take courage, but let me Hell you this, Meillson — no bridegroom Rn the eve of his ?; marriage eyerlonged Hor the morrow as I long for death; -. I Have lived in the knowledge of such Huilt ai the most hardened criminal on Earth might have shrunk from confess Hag. My existence has been a lie and a Hiving '?death', , D'Aubron's sword will Hnd it, and I shall escape at last.' H There was a click of the little wicket ?feato leading from the plantation, and HSlr. Carlyon ! and Mr. Brown appeared, Hollowed at a little distance by M. Hd'Aubronand a stranger. Just as they Breached us M. d'Aubron touched Mr. ?foarlvon on the shoulder. ? 'Permit me to introduce my friend, ?Mr. A^dchey— Mr. Vachey, Mr. Carlyon.' H The .slightest of recognitions passed Hbetweenithe two men. H The tno seconds withdrew to a little Hdistance, where their conversation did not ?reach me. But it was very brief, and ?distinguished on Mr. Cirlyon^s side by Hthe most icy politeness. In a very few ?minutes the preliminaries were over, and Hthe two men; were standing face to face Hod guard; Then the signal was given. ?For about a quarter of an hour it seemed Hto me- that M. de Feurget bad all the ?[advantage. Then he seemed suddenly ?to tire and to fence'' less vigorously and H scarcely to attempt a single repass. M. H d'Aubron grew less cautious, and very Hnearly paid the penalty with his life. ? As it was ho was slightly wounded by a ? deadly, thrust which he only half par Hried, and was compelled to rest fora H moment. H When they recommenced, M. de H Feurget appeared for the first time to Hput forth all his powers. A dozen times ? he held, bis opponent's life in bis hands Hby the success of some brilliant feint ? which M. d'Aubron utterly failed to H parry, but on each occasion he lowered H his sword without doing any serious ? mischief. The end seemed to all. of us H assured, 'and I began to think of his H prophecy with' a smile. Suddenly there H came an interruption. The intense, H almost; breathless, stillness was broken H by the sound of quick footsteps through ? the plantation, and we all turned to look, H With one hand upon the gate stood my H master pale and travel-stained, and by his H side was a tall, white-haired woman, of H stately carriage, and drosscd in a long, H plain robe of a Sister of Mercy. I H looked'; at her for a moment, and then a H great cry burst from my lips. Was I H dreaming, or has this woman risen up ? from the dead ? Surely this was Cecile H d'Aogerville. She whom my master had H loved and married. She on whose fair, H white i arm he bad clasped tho bracelet. H She whoso hideous fate was ever before H mo, the victim of that murder which H it was sure mainess for mo to think H upon. B An awful cry rang out to the still H morning sky, and I saw her throw up H her arms in horror. I followed her rapt H gazo and I saw at once what had hap H poned. .Lying on the ground, supported H in Mr. Carlyon's arms, was M. de Four H get. with' his adversary's rapier through m his lungs. H CHAPTER XXIII. H THE DUEL ON THE CLIFFS. H I saw M. d'Aubron withdraw his Hj quivering 3word from his opponent's m; body and wipe it with devilish coolness I upon the grass. I saw the wounded man's ryps fixed with a glazed, horrible intensity upon the tall, black-robed woman — ghost 1 thought her then — at the wicket. gate. And, finally, I saw her j move swiftly forward over tho smooth turf, and, bending over hi-n, gaze auxiously into his convulsed face. She would have taken bis hand, but ho dragged it away from her with a low, moaning cry. Most fearful to witness Was the frnntic horror with which she shrank back from the pale, pitying face so close to his. ' Marie !' he cried. ' Ob, my God, spare me this ! I am dying, I tell you ! Ob, let me be ! Away ! Away !' He held out his hands feebly, as though to shut out the sight of her. With a look of wonder in her calm face, she sank ou her knees by his side and whispered softly to him — yet not so softly but that my quickened hearing caught the sound of her clear tone. ? Victor ! Victor ! Don't you know me 1 1t is not Marie 1 It is I, her sister Cecile.' He looked at her half doubtfully, but in a moment or two he was convinced. 'I thought you were dead,' he whisper ed. 'Dead to the world, Victor I Dead to all former ties. Yet, as you see, in the flesh alive. I have come from a seclu sion which gl had hoped never to have left to undertake a mournful task.' A great relief crept slowly into his fac. He drew a long breath, and tried to raise himself a little. I approached and, kneeling down, supported him in my arms. 'Heaven has sent you both here,' he said in a firmer tone. 'I am thankful ! Stand here by my side and listen. I am crossing the threshold of death, and I have an awful confession to make.' ' I have come to hear it, Victor,' she answered. All is blank mystery to us now. You must clear it up.' ' God give me strength !' he prayed. Then he glanced around, but it was need Icbs. Tho others had left us, and we four were alone. ' My time is short,' he went on, speak ing, with difficulty in a hoarse, broken undertone. ' Listen, all of you. Ay, come close to me — as close as you will. You will shrink far enough away pre sentlyi The people around here, what is it they call me ? Pious, good, benevo lent ! Ah, the hyprocisy of it ! Listen; I am the blackest sinner upon God's earth ! ' ? 'Cecile, you know how ,1 loved your sister. it was the one great over mastering power of my life. For her sake I gave up my dream? of the Church. To win her love I renounced without a . single regret the calling which before had seemed to me the only means of attain iug to earthly happiness. I became her blind slave, a hanger- on, a parasite at her father's house, a sharer, although an unwilling one, in pastimes and scenes which before I had looked upon only with scorn . And with \ what did she repay me ? With her love ? Alas, no ! She married me, it is true, but it was a sorry compact. In less than a week my happiness was blasted for ever. To you. Cecile, her sister, I say nothing of the early days of our wedded life. I will only say that we were not happy, aDd before what we called our honeymoon was over I had discovered her secret. She never loved me. Worse than that, she loved some else. She loved your father, Lord Alceston — she had always loved him — and she was a woman who knew how to love, She had married me merely be cause she was homeless and I was rich. I was a cipher only in her eyes — rather hateful to her than otherwise. At the end of the year she told me that she could live with me no longer, and we separated. ( To be Continued.) 