LOCAL AND GENERAL. We are in receipt of a gracious notification from the Postmaster-General that our inter- colonial telegraphic service has been "re- sumed." Our readers will, doubtless, be glad to hear it, as we most certainly are. An accident occurred at 11 o'clock yester- day morning to Mr. Myalis (bailiff). As he was riding a bicycle round Sommers' corner a butcher's cart he ran into knocked him down. The injured man was taken to Dr. Hill for attendance, and he is now in a fair way to recovery. No bones were broken, but a shaft struck Mr. Myalis in the region of the heart, causing him to feel very weak. Yesterday an accident happened to Mr. and Mrs. Greenhalgh. While driving round the bluff, the buggy ran against a stump and was capsized. Mrs. Greenhalgh was thrown out and severely shaken. Under the efficient care of Mr. Berthold and his assistant, Mr. Saunders, the new concert garden is making considerable pro- gress, although somewhat delayed owing to the carpenters' strike. A very beautiful scene representing a series of cascades in Queensland has been completed, and the familiar business of blackbirding in the South Sea Islands is now engaging the artists' attention. The incident chosen for delineation is "recruiting" on the Island of Tanna, with the active volcano which is the most prominent feature of the New Hebrides group, filling the background. As had been announced in the MINER, a conference was to have taken place yester- day morning at Eccles's hotel between the builders and contractors on the one part and six delegates from the Strike Committee on the other. The latter duly put in an appear- ance at the appointed hour, but as only half a dozen of the employers having arrived, it was agreed, after some discussion, to adjourn the conference until 8 o'clock this evening at Eccles's hotel. An official notification of this decision is to be sent to Mr. Tofield, the secretary of the Builders and Contractors' Association. Mails for the Eastern colonies will close at the Coolgardie Post Office on Monday morning at 6 o'clock for transmission per R.M.S. Oceana, and a supplementary mail will also be despatched on Tuesday morning at the same hour. We have received from Messrs. Harrington and Co. a handy little booklet entitled "Photo.-Engraving Made Easy," by John Lemane. The instructions given are com- plete, clear, and concise, and the little work should prove of great value to photographers, newspaper proprietors, printers, and amateurs. A regular meeting of the Livingstone- Stanley stamp took place last night at Sommers' hotel. Mr. Carr-Boyd, who has just returned from an exploratory trip, and a brief account of whose adventures we publish elsewhere, met and foregathered with Ernest Giles. Both the old warriors are in the pink of condition, and the meeting was at once historic, interesting, and amusing to the onlookers. A number of the verandahs of buildings in Ford- street are partially broken down, and now hang at an elevation far too low to be consistent with safety. A representative of this paper noticed a man strike his head against the roof-girders of one of these, and the impact was severe. Persons walking under these at night stand a good chance of fracturing their skulls. This is a matter which should call for the immediate attention of the Council. At a meeting of the committee of the Chamber of Mines and Commerce yesterday, the designs submitted for the new buildings for the chamber were judged. In addition to the designs sent in by local architects, several sets were received from Perth. The first prize was awarded to "Experience No. 1," and the second to " Labor Omn'a Vincit," and on opening the sealed envelopes accompanying each design, it was found that both prizes had been won by the same firm—Messrs. Moline and Summerbayes, of Coolgardie. Such a result is most gratifying, proving, as it does, that our local architects are well able to hold their own in any com- petition. This is the fifth time that Messrs. Moline and Summerhayes have competed in Coolgardie, and have been successful on each occasion. The first premiated design, which is in the Italian Renaissance style, will be a very handsome structure, and is to be erected on the corner of Morin and Bayley streets. A full description of the various apartments provided, and the arrangement of the building, will appear in a subsequent issue. The return of Mr. Carr-Boyd to Coolgardie arouses within us the memory of other days, when, gathered round the camp fire, we have listened to numerous tales of this extra- ordinary explorer's many deeds of daring. No man has, perhaps, seen more of the interior of the Australian continent than the same Carr-Boyd, and for his exploits in this direction due credit must be accorded him. But the public must not for a moment dream that his experiences are alone con- fined to the island continent, for they have only to listen to the tale told on the box seat of a coach to learn differently. "Africa," says Carr, to his coaching com- panion ; " well, I have had a little experience in the continent, and although I have had some pretty strange adventures in Central Australia, I must admit that the Dark Con- tinent furnished me with the most remark- able experience, and the most fearful adven- ture it was ever my lot to encounter. You must know that a party of us set out from the Zambesi country, well provided in the way of provisions and bullocks. We had a splen- did team of the latter, and all went well until we came into country infested by lions. Night after night, we had to build fires around our camp to keep off the savage brutes, but one night it simply became unbearable. Fires even threatened to be of no avail. They (the lions) came so near to us, roaring and hungry, that they actually scorched their whiskers. It's no use, says I to my mates, this is becoming too strong. If we remain here much longer both ourselves and the bullocks will become hashed meat. Let's inspan and make a bid for it. Then it seemed to me that the brutes were simply leaping over the fires, and their roaring became deafening. Whilst we were busy harnessing up, the fires were burning low, and our situation was becoming terrible. The roaring grew louder than ever, but at last we got under way, and the style in which those bullocks travelled is something marvellous to relate. Away we went with the speed of a gale, but, fast as we travelled, the dreaded roar of the kings of the forest was with us. The agony of the night turned most of us grey, and those whom it did not turn to that color became bald. On we went with terrific speed, still close round our ears was the deafening roar of the bloodthirsty African lions, and after a long night and sincere prayers for the dawn of day, we hailed with delight the first streaks of dawn from the east. The rising sun revealed to us—what do you think ?—a team of lions which, in the confusion and darkness, had been inspenned in mistake for bullocks." At the Police Court yesterday, one case of drunkenness occupied the attention of the Court, the delinquent being fined 20s. The case of Brown v. Hudson, for alleged threatening language, was dismissed, as neither of the parties concerned put in an appearance. The Ettie Williams' Happy Hours Com- pany again attracted a large audience at the Theatre Royal last evening. The artists were in good form, and the applause frequent and prolonged throughout. The wonderful acrobats, the Leopold family, gave an as- tonishing performance, their acts being wonderful in the extreme, and the ease and grace with which these artists execute the clever tumbling feats and contortions was quite a revelation. Billy Warner was as droll as ever ; likewise Dick Davis, whose antics convulsed the house with laughter. The vivacious Anderson Sisters, who were in high favor with the house, were again to the fore with their songs and dances, and are to be numbered amongst the successes of the evening. Miss Frances Trigge gave a clever exposition of the skirt dance, and the remainder of the programme, which concluded with the customary farce, was made attrac- tive by Messrs. Speed, Boyle, Williams, Shepherd and Smith. During the interval Mr. George Jones announced that the season would be extended for another week, with an entire change of programme every other evening. He also announced that on Sun- day evening a grand jubilee concert would be given under the direction of Mr. W. H. Speed, who was one of the original Fisk Jubilee Singers Company. An attractive programme has been arranged, and a first- class entertainment will be provided, par- ticulars of which will be found in our advertising columns. The extraordinary mutations which the orthography of native names undergoes has been fully exemplified in the cases of Kuna- nalling and Kalgoorlie, and now that the same game is being played with the title of our new southern centre, it is high time that somebody arose and jumped on it violently with both feet. Already the place has been called Widgiemooltha Wadgiemoolta, Wigie- mootha, Wadgimoola, and Widiemoola. We despatched a special commissioner to the blacks' camp to ascertain the correct spelling, but Billy was unequal to the task, and our representative, in trying to repeat the interview, fractured his jaw in three places, and dislocated his veracity in a shocking manner. The phonetic spelling of the blasphemously-named place is Wijimoola, and Wijimoola it is going to be to the end of the chapter as far as this journal is concerned. We do not propose to pay men overtime for the purpose of setting up uncouth words a yard and a half long. We should like to have retained any or all of the spellings recently devised, but our ex- penses are too heavy already, and we have cut the word short to economise both space and time. The latest thing in the march of Kalgoor- lie's civilisation is the arrival in that locality of a brand new hearse, specially imported, to meet the requirements of the coming typhoid season. In days gone by, those who jour- neyed beyond the grave were borne to their last resting place in the first vehicle that the local undertaker could lay his hands on, handcart or wheelbarrow for preference. This state of primitiveness has now passed away, and a new order of things has arisen from its ashes. Those marked as fair game by the typhoid fiend during the ensuing summer will be able to console themselves in their last moments with the cheerful fact that, no matter what other defects there may be in their burial, their funeral appointments will be up to date. Electricity as an adjunct of civilisation has been introduced into Abyssinia. The Imperial Palace is now in both telegraphic and telephonic communication with the principal centres of population in Abyssinia. In order to avoid difficulties the Emperor Menelik has caused an announcement to be made by the priests that the telegraph and telephone are both sacred objects. We are glad to learn that Councillor Levinson has recovered somewhat from the effects of his recent accident, and it will not be long, we trust, ere he is restored to his usual health and wonted useful activity. Complaints have reached us from various parts of the suburbs, stating that the clearance of rubbish from dwellings is performed in a very perfunctory manner. At one place —a private hospital—we are told that it is necessary to notify the Town Clerk every time the proprietor requires debris to removed, and that at present the boxes have not been cleared for a whole month. As this is not only a nuisance to the inhabi- tants, but a menace to the public health, immediate steps should be taken by the sanitary inspector to have the matter attended to. In Cosgrove & Co.'s, Ltd., special adver- tisement of this morning's sale, attention is drawn to the first consignment of magnificent furs and rugs, direct from the best known furrier in N.S.W., S. Lawrence, Hunter- street, Sydney. Some of the rugs are really beautiful, and amongst the number are opossum, platypus, native bear, and Tas- manian bear skins, all in the best possible order. The ladies' fur capes are all very recherche and of the latest designs. Messrs. Macdonald and Co announce in our business columns that they will conduct a large sale of first- class furniture to-day at their auction mart, Bayley-street. The Paris correspondent of a London paper says:—Considering that France is the most free-thinking country in the world, it is worthy of remark that the most abject im- postures quite outside the religious element are believed. The haunted house at Valence- en-Brie is a sample of this credulity. Obses- sion is supposed to have been a freak of demons, but M. Schnebelin talks of flaidic influence and actually carries a moon-stone in his pocket. The villagers at Valence are afraid to go out after night-fall, and I regret to say that the language of the ghost is awful. Two children have disappeared in Paris within the last few hours. At any other time the police would seek to verify things on the theory of a crime or kidnap- ping. Now Satan is supposed to have snatched up the missing girls with an object which no sane person could divine. M. Jules Bois lectured to-day on this now pre- valent mania, and the conventicle for the worship of Lucifer in the Rue Jacob is nightly crowded with some of the most re- pulsive creatures of both sexes that it has ever been my lot to meet. It appears that instead of robbing churches, the altar breads used are simply purchased in shops, so that even the blasphemy is fraudulent. The devil-worshippers imitate Christians in one respect. A slight charge is made for admission, and the plate is passed round for a collection, a proceeding which may be described as "devilish" clever. An extremely easy and durable tan and black cycling shoe is now being shown by John Hunte r; also a line of gent's admir- ably- finished Chromo golosh boot", without toe- caps, which he highly recommends to his patrons for comfort.—[ADVT.] 2286 