THE CHILDREN. UNCLE HARRY'S LETTER. No. CXV. Monday, September 14. My dear Nieces and Nephews—Once again it is my sad duty to record the death of two members of our "Sunbeam" Society—Nephew Alfred Hall, who died on August 3, and Niece Ivy Clarke, who died on Monday, August 31\. Niece Jessie Fergusson, Hon. Secretary of the "HESBA STRETTON" Circle at New Glenelg, tells me that Nephew Alfie worked very hard for their Circle, although so ill. His funeral was attended by thirty or forty " Sunbeams," representing the "HESBA STRETTON," "GRACE DARLING," and "WEL- LINGTON" Circles, and the first-named Circle seat a beautiful cross of white flowers tied with ribbons of the Society's colours. Nephew Lawrie Whitham, Hon. Secretary of the "BEETHOVEN" Circle at Norwood, sends a brief report of Niece Ivy's illness and death, and concludes—" Another Sunbeam to brighten the Heaven above." I am sure that we all deeply sympathize with the grief-stricken parents of these two little "Sunbeams." I was very sorry to hear that Nephew Arnold Turner, of Goodwood- road, had met with a rather severe accident, a trolly having run over him. He was taken to the Children's Hospital and placed in the " Sunbeam" Cot. I saw him a few days after the accident, and he was then as well as could be expected. There were quite a number of "Sunbeam" patients in the Hospital on my last visit. Our "old" little friend Ruby Parker is still there, but I saw her out of bed for the first time; Niece Lottie Brewer was almost well after a very severe illness; and Nieces Lily Green, F.M., and Kathleen Hardy, F.M., were on the way towards recovery. What a truly blessed thing it is that ese little sufferers had such a splendid place to go to at such a time! Oh, I am so glad we have this noble institution, and still more glad to know that we are helping it all we can. I have received from Lieutenant-Colonel Makin, Hon. Secretary to the Boys' Brigade Bazaar Committee, a letter of thanks to those "Sunbeam" Circles that performed during the afternoon, " and thereby added so greatly to the success of the Bazaar." I was very pleased, indeed, at the ready response of the Circles in question to my request for their services on that occasion. I was only able to give them a few days' notice, and yet they came and went through their performances very creditably. Mrs. Farr, one of the ladies who founded the Orphan Home for Girls in Carrington-street thirty- seven years ago, appeals to me for help from the " Sunbeams" on behalf of the Repairs Fund of that Home. The estimated cost of the necessary repairs is £550. There is a reserve fund of £300, but naturally the Committee do not want to draw largely upon that. I hope all those Circles that will be having a bazaar or concert before the New Year—that is, before our Society definitely commits itself to another "big" effort—will bear in mind this appeal on behalf of the Orphan Home for Girls when they are apportioning the proceeds. From all that I know of the Home and its management, I can confidently recommend it as worthy of all the support that we can give. Now I will give you the report of the very successful "Sunbeam" concert at Tanunda, which it was my great pleasure to attend. I was truly delighted to find the "Sunbeams" there just as enthusiastic and hard-working as they are in other places. My visit was made most enjoyable by the kindness of all I met. and to Mr. and Mrs. Jacob and Miss Heuzenroeder my thanks are especially due. I am looking forward to paying another visit to this neat and prettily situated township; and I am assured that my stay if longer will be even more enjoyable.: — Tanunda, September 7. Dear Uncle Harry—As you know the weather was very showery during the day of our concert, and we did not think we would have a good atten dance, but the evening was quite clear, and so the place was crowded. The programme opened with an overture," WilIkommen." by C nsin Natalie Barritt. We had four tableaux, two pretty ones (" Guardian ang Is" and " Mistletoe, holly, and ivr"), and two funny ones, "The ghost story" and "The little doctor." We had several recitations and action songs, also a boys' farce, " Run away." Cousins Maude Bonnett and Sophie Kleemun sang two duets, one in German ("Frühlings-ahnung") and "To the woods." The "Sunbeam" duet was also sung ("I don't want to play in your yard") by Cousins Edie Mengler and Laura Ey. One of our songs was called " The 'Sunbeam' boat." It was a boat put on the stage with two boys and three girls in it, and there were reeds and bracken on the carpet to make it look like the coast. At one end a boy was waving a flag of the "Sunbeam" colours, and the girls' sailor bats were trimmed with the same colours. Besides our two leaders, Mrs. Jacob and Miss Heuzenroeder, those who kindly helped us were Miss Mellor, Miss Mann, and Mr. M. E. Heuzenroeder. The total receipts amounted to £9 5s. 6d. I am sending you £7, which we would like divided as follows:—£3 for the Boys' Brigade, £2 for the " Sunbeam" library at Our Boys' Institute, £1 for the Orphan Home for Girls, and £1 for the Children's Home at Walkerrille. With love to all, your loving Niece, CAROLA SPERBER, Hon. Secretary "Baroness Burdett- Coutts" S.C. I am very pleased to find that some of the Circles are adopting my suggestion about writing to me regularly. In one or two instances one of the meetings each month is set apart for that purpose; and in other cases a member is appointed at each meeting write to me during the ensuing week. I hope that either of these plans will be generally adopted by the Circles, because it means that I am thus brought into closer touch with them; much more so than by an occasional report from the Secretary. The only disadvantage arising from the plan of setting apart one of the meetings of the Circle for letter-writing is that there is a certain sameness about such letters; but would rather that than not have them at all. If I find that this idea of a regular letter from the Circles is generally adopted, I will gladly print the best of such letters each week in addition to the usual "best three" letters. But these " Circle" letters, as we will call them, must be clearly indicated as such, and perhaps the simplest way would be to write the name of the Circle and the Circle's motto at the top of the letter. I have this week to thank members of the "RALPH WALDO EMERSON," "DAY- SPRING," and "VERA EHMCKE" Circles for their letters. Niece Kathleen Roach was the appointed correspondent for the "SHAK- SPEARE" Circle at Kooringa, and she tells me that, with the contributions from the members and a few shillings from a "Sunbeam" friend, they bought a case of oranges for the local Hospital Nephew Harold Wertheimer, of the " BEET- HOVEN" Circle at Norwood, tells me of a concert given by Niece Ethel Hunt and others of the Circle at Mrs. Hunt's in aid of their banner, by which 2s. 6d. was raised; and there was another given by Nephew Willie Clarke and other members at Mrs. Clarke's, by which 3s. 9d. was raised for the same object. Niece Olive Harvey, of "THE ACACIAS" Circle, Norwood, tells me of a very enjoyable visit that some of the members paid to Estcourt House at the Grange, where lame children and the aged blind are tenderly cared for. "We left some flowers and fruit for Jhe inmates," Niece Olive says, and I expect some "Sunbeam" smiles and gleams of happiness as well. Now lam going to be very generous, and give you a double allowance of "best" letters. But after all, this is only fair, seeing that I have given you short measure two or three times of late. Mitcham. August 22. Dear Uncle Harry—I have only been one of your little Nieces for about a month, and I am going to try to write a letter to you now, and I have three sisters besides myself and three brothers. I enjoyed the last meeting of our Circle (the " Vera Ehmcke") very much. We are cutting up pieces of rag to make pillows for the Cottage Homes at Mitcham. I hope we will be able to do a lot of work although we are little children. I am glad that you had some flowers given to you by a little girl on your way to Broken Hill. I hope you will enjoy your visit, and that it will be the means of starting a lot of "Sunbeam" circles. I would like to write more, but I know you have such a lot of letters to read, so I will close with love to yourself, Aunt Sophie, and Cousins.—I remain, your affectionate Niece, LOUIE WAKEHAM (9 years 2 months). Mount Scott, via Kingston, September 4. Dear Uncle Harry—I have not written to you for such a long time, but I have not forgotten you. My father made Jack a ship, and it is called Venus. It is a nice little ship with fourteen sails. I went for a nice long holiday for several weeks at Narracoorte and Morambro. I enjoyed myself very much at both places. After when I had been home and a few weeks mother let me stay a week at Keilira. My little dog Daphne died when I was away, and a friend of mine painted her picture for me. I have another dog now; its name is Bruce. We have not many flowers out in the garden, but a lot of wild flowers are out. We children go for a lot of long walks to get wild flowers. I think this is all I can think of just now. With love to Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bessie and Bertie and little Mary and yourself, I remain, your loving Niece. MARY MARTIN. 'Sunbeam" Cot, Collingrove Ward, Children's Hospital, North Adelaide, September 5. Dear Uncle Harry--When are you coming to the Hospital again? We all like to see you. We like to see the "Sunbeams" come, too. We want to tell you what a lovely party we had on Saturday last. and we are very sorry you were not there. There were fifty children around the table in Collingrove Ward. The girls came from Lindsay Ward and Joanna Ward, for on know that Collingrove is a boys' ward. Pretty flowers were on the table, and such a lot of nice thing. and the boys and girls looked so happy. [ ] the little blind girl, Ivy Rule, was so happy. although she could only feel and did not see any of the beautiful things we saw. It was her birthbay. and although the party was not got up for her we were so glad that it was on her birthday. She is such a dear little girl and we are all so sorry that she can't see anything now. for only six months ago she could see as well as any of us. The nurses all came to our tea. and some ladies and gentlemen as well. After tea. those who were out of bed went out on the balcony and played and then we went to bed. May I also tell you that on the Tuesday before we went down to Brighton, that is, Jimmy Vokes and myself. We could not go so far as the rocks, but we enjoyed the trip very much. Nurse was with us. so that we were well looked after.— Your very affectionate Nephew, CHARLIE NETTLETON. Uxbridge-street, Kensington Park, September 7. Dear Uncle Harry—It is such a long time since I wrote to you last, and since then my sister has been enrolled as a "Sunbeam." I have joined the " Buttercup" Circle, which I like very much. I have three sisters and no brothers. My father is over in the West, and he says he always reads Uncle Harry's letters to see how the "Sunbeams" are getting on. I am in the fifth class at school. I xill be twelve on October 1. I think it is time to close now, so with love to Aunt Sophie. Cousins Bessie and Bertie and little " Sunbeam" and yourself, I remain, your affectionate Niece, FLORENCE KIMBER. Wonna, September 7. Dear Uncle Harry—As I have not written to you for a long time I thought I would write telling you about our anniversary. It was held on September 1, and our leader, Miss Sutherland, had the school- room decorated very beautifully, and wore my badge that day. Tuesday we held our tea, and a lot of people came. In the evening we had service, and the minister and two other gentlemen kindly mentioned our "Sunbeam" Circle, and they said they were pleased to hear that we had joined the "Sunbeam" Society, and that we are "Sunbeams." Our Secretary reads your letters every Wednesday fortnight at our meetings, and we are very interested in then, and would like to have met you at the station (Terowie) if possible when going through. I now close, with love to Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bessie, Bertie, and the baby, and yourself. I remain, your loving Niece, OLIVE HOLDER (12 years 3 months), "Dayspring" S.C. Unley Park, August 31. Dear Uncle Harry—I want to be a little "Sunbeam," so I am writing to you. We have a dog called Ben, and I have a little kitten. Good-by. I remain. your loving Niece, STELLA AMSTRONG (7 years 3 weeks). Dear Uncle Harry—I am seven years old. it was arber day larst Friday I am in the first class I do like sums best one "Sunbeam" boy had his forehead cut open at school today. Percy Bills is his name. Your loving Nephew, KEITH DAVISON, F.M. His very first.—H. D It is some weeks since I mentioned those whose letters had specially pleased me, so that I have now a long list of names. I am especially glad to find, the Associates are remembering me more—the girl associates, of course. Alas ! the boy associates, I am afraid, are too busily engaged in work and play to favour me with anything like a letter. I wish to thank the following Associates for their bright and chatty letters, Nieces Janie Allen, Ethel Baker, Bertha Coleman. Hannah May Harris, F.M., Mary Marsh, Isabelle Moseley, Phynella Paternoster, Flo Whittenbury, and Florrie Williamson; and I was specially pleased with the letters from tbe following:—Nieces Amy B. Adams, Eva Anderson, Ida Asher, Alice Ashford, Olive B. Audley, Mary J. Bennett. Emily Blight, Amy Breaker, Mabel Brown, Lucy Canning, Myrtle Cole, Dorothy Connor, Miriam Cook, Emily Cook, Elsie Ocumbe, Lily Davies, F.M., Elsie Deacon, Laura Deane, Olga Drogemüller, Gertie Foster, Mabel Frost, Lily Gabell, G. E. Green, Phillis May Green, Nellie Guthrie, Elsie Hantke, Olive Harlow, Ethel Harris, Meta Hoepner, Amy Holder, Wilmot Holmes, Emma Hunt, Ethel Kidman, Ethel Kimber, Pixie Krüger, Jane Llewellyn, Irene Lovett, Gladys Makin, Sarah Jane Marriott. Ida Martin, May Measday, F.M., Annie Monkhouse, Ria Moseley, Jessie Moyses, F.M., Norma Mueller, F.M., Emily Munt, May McBain. Eva McKenzie, Lily Paterson, F.M., Amanda Prodoehl, E. Puxton, Hilda Redman, Winifred Rogers, Mabel Sara, Lizzie Schell, Ethel May Scotcher, Ethel Seabury, Lizzie Shannon, Stella Stearne, Winnie and Lily Steward, Maggie Thomson, Olive Trenouth, Janet and Margaret Tuchy, Laurel Venning, Nellie Waldin, Louisa Walton, Edith Warman, Myra White, Eva Wilkin, Bertha Wilkin; and Nephews Noel Beaven, Roy Edwards, Oliver Gluyas, Frank Gravestocks, F.M., Herbert Gray, Sydney Hockridge, Malcolm and Eustace Charles Hunt, Arnold Hurcombe, Stanley Langsford, Charlie Lockyer, Allan Moyses, F.M., Fred Part, F.M., Guss Peterson, F.M., Roy Trenouth, Max Wilkin, and Harold Woodlands. Now I think we had better have the Birthday-list. "MANY HAPPY RETURNS OF THE DAY." TO-MORROW, 20th, to Roy ACKLAND, F.M., Medindie (13); Olive CRANE, F.M., Mitcham (11); Percy BAKER, F.M, Elliston (11); Janet RAMSAY, Cradock (10); Arthur EVERS, Norwood (12); Emelia LANGE. Whitford (11); Stanley BOYLE, Prospect N. (13); Evelyn HARROP, N. Kensington (11); Edith EASTHER, Gordon (6); Mildred DONALDSON, Paradise (6); Amy GRAY, Amyton (—); Kenneth FOTHERINGHAM, Alberton (A.); Frances OPPATT, Palmer (A.); Maurice HUMPHREYS, Hamley Bridge (13); Grace PEDLER, Prospect (10); Hugo WERTHEIMER, Kent Town (13); Harold PEARCY, E.A. (12); Martin BROWN, Maylands (11). MONDAY, 21st, to Lucy RZESZKOWSKI, F.M., Belalie N. (13); Winnie STEVENSON, Fitzroy (13) ; Leo. BECK, Watervale (14), Fred Snowlet, Maylands (9); Margie GARETT, Hurtle-square (12); Richard DAVIS, Winninowie (13); Ales. Moss, Gilberton (10); Gert- rude NEWSON, Norwood (12); Minnie TREREARNE, Minlaton (14). TUESDAY, 22nd, to Annie MORRIS, F.M., Angle Vale (11): Willeena FOREMAN, F.M., Beverley (10) ; Alice WHITFORD, F.M., Brighton (A.): Harry HAMMOND, N.S.W. (10); Melville MCGRATH, Redhill (15); Kathleen FRY, North Adelaide (12); Helen MURPHY, Prospect (12); Mary BLEEZE, Lobethal (A.); Archibald STIRLING, Strathalbyn (6); Archie BARKER, Hammond (6); Laura HASTIE, Exeter (15); Freda NEEDHAM, Renmark (15); Henrietta MORRISS, Port Adelaide (12); Ainslie GRIFFITHS, Walkerville (13); Eliza WARMAN, Norwood (14); Florence TRACEY, Norwood (13). WEDNESDAY, 23rd. to Hazel WYLIE, F.M., Semaphore (10); Arnold HILL, F.M., Knightsbridge (11); Jean MCPILAIL, F.M., Hammond (13); Eva ANDERSON, Anna Branch (10); Clare TRESTRAIL, Morchard (14); Myrtle AMBLER, Murray Bridge (10); Muriel TURNBULL, Cleve (9); Royden POTTER, Yongala (13). THURSDAY, 24th, to Elsie HAINES, F.M., Allendale (A.); Annie MCPHARLIN. F.M., Balaklava (11); Mabel LOCKYER, F.M., Mitcham (14); Albert GERBER. F.M, Plympton (11); Isabelle LINDSAY, St. Peters (A); Florence WELLS, Gawler (8); Maudie GASKELL. Prospect (9); Elsie MARSHALL, Uroonda (11); Edith WILLIAMS, Port Adelaide (A.); Mary HENDRY, Norwood (13); Minnie KLEEMAN, Norwood (13): Agnes MURRAY, Goodwood W. (9) ; Wlm. HOGG, Tanunda (11). FRIDAY, 25th, to Phemie MORRIS. F.M., Angle Vale (A.); Daisy GOODEN, F.M., Norwood (14); Catherine NEWMAN, N.S.W. (11); Ethel LINDSTROM, Glanville (10); Beatrice FULLGRABE, Crafers (—) ; Ellen MARTIENSEN, Glanville (15); Beatrice CARTER, E. Adelaide (8); Lance LEWIS, Kooringa (11). SATURDAY, 26th, to Ada TOTHILL, F.M., Glenelg (13); Charles EASTHER, F.M., Gordon (11); Flory FIELD, F.M., Watervale (13); Wlm. FOSTER, F.M., Parkside (11); Mary MARTIN, F.M., Mount Scott (11); Mary DAVARL, Flinders-street (13); Edward PROCTOR, Islington (15); Myrtle HAYMAN, Angle Vale (9); Eileen GARDINER, Ovingham (11); Beryl MONK, Riverton (9); Harriet MURPHY, Rosewater (10); Alice REICHSTEIN, Morchard (14); Myra BLACKWELL, Medindie (14); Lawrence PEARSE, Parkside (13); Eileen SMITH, New Glenelg (10): James PALMER, Mylor (A.); Cecil PULLIN, N. Adelaide (12); Janet TUCKER, St. Peters (13); Gertrude LESTER, Cardwell-street (13) ; Harry TOTHILL, Somertown (10) ; Frank AVERY, Mor- chard (14). Please don't send any " chain" letters to me! Perhaps some of you might think that such a warning as that is not needed, but I have actually had four of those charitable annoyances inflicted upon me, and so I wish to stop a fifth from coming this way. As it is simply impossible for me to comply with the modest little request made in these letters, I am sending 10,000 (ten thousand) used stamps to the lady who originated the "chain" letter; and that must satisfy every one so far as I am concerned. I was very pleased, indeed, to receive from Mrs. Blackham, of Andamooka, via Port Augusta, the sum of £2 11s. 9d., being the result of a little sale held by her two daughters, Blanche and Edith, at the shearers' shed. Niece Ada Hodder, Hon. Secretary of the "ALICE DUNCAN" Circle, wishes me to make known that the proceeds of their concert (£6) are to be devoted to the " Fresh-Air" Fund. I have received several small amounts from " Sunbeams" individually, so I will remit tbe total amount to Mr. Pearson, of Pearson's Weekly. Please don't send any further amounts for this fund, as they would not reach London in time; and I don't wish you to forget that our very own "Sunbeam" Christmas Dinner Fund must be thought of soon. Several weeks ago, just when I was busiest with the Nursery Market; I received a piece of music from a lady in Victoria, which she wishes to introduce amongst our " Sunbeam" Circles, as a portion of the purchase-money of each copy is to be devoted to the Children's Hospital. The song is entitled "Pleading," and it has been written with a view to tableau effects, so that I should think some of our Circles who are arranging concerts would be glad to have a copy. This is the address of the lady:—Mrs. E. M. Harvey, " Winterlake," Booroopki. Victoria, and if any of you write to that address for a copy of the song and enlose 1s, 8d., you will be benefiting the funds of the Children's Hospital. I was pleased to receive from Niece Winnie Melvin, Hon. Secretary of the "ARGYLE" Circle. Lower Mitcham, the amount of 5s. 6d., being a contribution from the seven members of that Circle towards the Hughes Fund, and I am glad to know that the "VIOLET" Circle sent 5s. to the Giddings Fund. I was delighted to hear that the gross receipts of the concert given by the " MARK GUY PEARSE" and '' SILVER CITY" Circles at Broken Hill on the occasion of my visit there amounted to as much as £15. The expenses came to £3 7s. so that there was the very creditable balance of £11 13s. to be divided between the "Sunbeam" Cot Fund (Broken Hill Hospital) and the local Benevolent Society. I have to acknowledge receipt of a parcel from the Circle at Belton, contain- ing a patchwork quilt and five woollen petticoats \--the work not only of the "Sunbeams," but some of their schoolmates, though why they, too, are not "Sunbeams" is more Nieces Sarah and Ethel Patterson, of the "SISTER DORA" Circle, Williamstown. for a little scrapbook; and two "Sunbeams" at Angaston. Neices Nellie and Clara Harrison for a big toy pussy - cat. Also Niece Ida Martin and Niece Emma Hunt for several "Uncle Harry" tea coupons; Niece Ethel Weber for 1.205 used stamps, and Nephew Hedley Murphy for a little over 500. Let me again request those who send used stamps to me to please tic them up in packets of a hundred if they are the ordinary penny and twopenny kind. I have had some very acceptable additions to my "Sunbeam" portrait album of late, specially in group photos. of Chiles. I have to thank the members of the "SIR EDWIN LANDSEER" and the Belton Circles, and Nieces Minnie and Addie Stewart, Hannah Crawshaw, and Janie Silver for their photographs. Just as I am closing this letter comes the sad, sad news of the death of Mr Hartley, the Inspector-General of Schools. To one so well known to so many of my "Sunbeams" it is but right that I should add my tribute of praise to his sterling worth. He was a gentle man whom I knew well, though perhaps almost unknown to him ; and all that I know of his splendid abilities and high character makes me feel how good a man has been thus suddenly called away from us. In the midst of the numbness that the news of his death produces I can at least feel sure of this —that 5,000 "Sunbeams" unite with me in an expression of heartfelt sympathy with the widowed lady and those who, bound to him by closest ties, will feel this blow most keenly. Now, dearies, once again, good- by. With love from Aunt Sophie, Cousins Bessie, Bertie, and little "Sunbeam," Yours ever affectionately. UNCLE HARRY. 