GOSSIP. Danish women have changed since the day when Ophelia lived and suffered, and are now in the van of progress of the einaoc pit ion of womanhood. Last Bummer, a great Scandi navian. Women's Exhibition was opened, women alone being permitted to contribu'e, and the whole affair being managed by the female sex. TbeQueen always delights in tiie sumptuous ness of apparel worn by those dear to her, but has never cared for those things herself. New eeta of jewels ace seldom purchased ; both these and her old hues are worn over and over again. What a lesson to women in rechauffes. Most women possess a few scraps of old lace ; let as never be tired of dishing them np over and over again* The following mot of the irrepressible Emperor William has, strange to say, fonnd ita way into the French Press. A Danish violinist, who ia both young and pretty (and is uot known in London), had given a concert before the German Court. The Kinperor, who had exhibited the liveliest pleasure in the young lady's pUying, addressed her as follows when she had finished : ** Mademoiselle, you play the violin admirably. When I listen to you with my eyes closed I believe I near Sani tate. Vet, I prefer *o keep my eyes open 1 ' The following heading to a piece of news in an American paper is said to be the very latest concerning the New Woman : — GHOST IN BLOOUER5 SET SORT OP SPOOK SEES. A MnfTIC dlKLALL. 15 WUITI DA8UED BT UKK TAN O' BHA5TEB TOE fcPSCntB DIHgAPFEUS JUST VniOtE, 6CJLX. Here, surely, is the chance which Mr. Stead has so lone add so eatrerly looked for. The new Duchess of Marl borough is no*, according to a well-informed contemporary, the richest, of the American heiresses whose engagements were announced last year. The wealthiest heiress is Miss Edith Rocke feller, whose dowry atnounfa to nearly £8,000,000; while Miss Vanderbilt, according to the same authority, only brought her bus band £3.000,000. Other wealthy American cirls betrothed this season are Miss Paline Whitney, who has £2.000,000; Miss Ethel V. Phelps-Siokes, who is the possessor of £1,900.000, and Miss Felicite Oglesby, who bad to be contented with the paltry dowry of £1,000,000. 