BPORTVI]G INTELLIGENCE. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. AT the Ashburton (N.Z.) Trotting Meoeting on July 30 Prince Imperial, 46sec bhd (D. Price), won the Two Mile Harness Handicap in 6min 2sec. There were only three starters, one of them being driven by E. Price. Nigger, 3sec bhd (D. Price), won the mile, saddle, in 3min. These events were worth £13 each. There was no totalisator. For the Dunedin J.O. First Eclipse Stakes (1897) 44 horses have made the second forfeit, including Whaka watea. For the Second Eclipse Stakes (1898) 87 have made the first forfeit, includinig Whakawatea's, brother, and colt Yexfire, by Artillery -Tease, by Boz, both yearlings. The Trenton--Sapphire horse Plueton has a couple of representatives, also Stepniak (Nordenfeldt-Steppe). It is stated the price Mejor George received for the filly Quickfire (Car bine- Hestia) was 250 guineas. Major George will this season send The Maid to Robinson Crusoe, in the hope of getting another Workman. The latter takes up stud duty in the Wanganui district this season. Last season Major George mated him with Sister Agnes (Rosicrucian-Penance), Memphis (Gang Forward-Palmyra), and Swiftsure (Nelson-Tenambra). It is a great pity that gentlemen like Major George should retire from the turf. Rita, £313 10s, heads the list of winning trotters last season in New Zealand. Others on the list are Prince Imperial, £111 3s; Katie M., £99 15s; J.H., £87 10s; Pastime, £47 10s. A movement is afoot to render some assistance to Elias Laycock, in his day one of our foremost scullers, but who is now experiencing as "cold" a time in another way as on that memorable occasion in 1881 when he was defeated by Hanlan for the championship on the Thames, the race being postponed from day to day owing to the ice. Laycock was recently fish inspector under the Government at Port Hack ing, but has been retrenched. He is without means, and-has to vacate the house he occupied as a perquisite. The idea is to start him at Port Hack ing with fishing and pleasure boats for letting out purposes. News from South Africa is to the effect that "'Kid " M'Coy, the crack Yankee middle-weight, has arrived there, and seemed likely to have a match with the winner of the Doherty Hefternan battle. 0 wen Sullivan put in an appearance in London again early last month, after a brief sojourn across the "Her ring Pond." He said there was no chance of a match with anybody for some time, and he would probably return to South Africa almost imme diately. With regard to George Mulhol land's challenge, Herb. M'Kell says he is ready and willing to at once accept it for any amount from £25 to £100 a side, the battle to be of 20 rounds' duration, with 4oz gloves. Jack M'Auliffe, the Victorianboxer, now at Johannesburg, met and de feated a heavyweight over there named Jones in three rounds. Mac's weight was I0st 2-lb, and the Africander tipped the beam at 1 lst 91b, though it was said he looked a lot heavier. The sporting papers by Tuesday's mail give full details of the race be tween Stanbury and Harding on July 18\. The Sportsmana says:-" Many another athlete would have broken down under the great strain and tre mendously hard work which the Aus tralian had gone through. He was not in fit condition when he met Harding, yet he rowed with giant strength, and it was perfectly clear before the two had been rowing one minute that Harding was beaten. The English man rowed up to his past form, but what upset calculations was that Stan bury was ever so much faster than English people gave him credit for. If, as his friends averred before the race, Stanbury was not within lengths of his form, then (says the ,Sp?ortsman) in the zenith of his fame he must have been a marvel. Stanbury knocked 13see off the record which Barry established from Putney to Hammersmith. As a matter of fact, Harding never once looked dangerous, and had Stanbury been pushed he could, on the fast flood, have easily established a record for the whole distance. Stanbury was the nominal favourite, but for money Harding was really in better demand. Harding won the toss, and chose the Surrey side of the river. It was a splendid start. Stanbury pulled 18 in the opening half-minute to Harding's 17. Every time Stanbury dipped his sculls he drew away from his opponent at a rate that could hardly be credited except by those who saw it. At his twenty-second stroke Stanbury had accomplished the extraordinary feat of -putting daylight between the boats. a~arding succeeded in overlapping Stanbury again before Alexanders' was reached, but Stanbury, in a few strokes, drew away again. At the Thames Rowing Club sheds Stanbury crossed over to the Surrey side, and gave his opponent the benefit of his wash. Harding rowed a plucky race to the finish, but never had a ghost of a chance. Stanbury won, easing up, by six lengths. The winner's time was 21min 51see, the loser's 22min Ssee. A large number of Australians followed the race in the steamer." 