A WHITSUNTIDE SERMON. I By tub Late Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. | The day of Pentecost Acts ii-, 1. j The firstfeaatof the Jew was the Passover and Christian believer.' know that there is no feasting, no satbfavriou, 110 peace, no rest, no joy, to any heart till first of all we have seen the sprinkling of the blood of Jesus, who is our Passover. On the morrow after the Passover Sabbath the Israelite brought the wave sheaf of his barley harvest, which was waved before the Lord in type that every product of the soil, and all the result of mine labour, was from God, and belonged to God. seven clear weeks passed away, and then came the Feast of First fruits for all the crops, and principally for the wheat harvest, which was then in full operation : this was Pentecost. At the beginning of the barley harvest the first ripe ears were presented to the Lord in due order, but at the fuller festival they brought into God's house two large loaves of bread, which were offered unto the Lord with other sacrifices. What did oatmeal? It means, first, that all came from God. " We know that," says one. Yes, we do know it, but we often talk as if it were not true. I fear in many houses bread is eaten and the Giver is forgotten. There may, perhaps, be a formal giving of thanks, but There is no heart in it. It is a horrible thing that men should live like brutes like dumb cattle, gazing but thinking nothing of Him who caused grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of man. If any here have sunken into that brutish condition, may God deliver them from their thoughtless and degrading ingratitude 1 The waving of those sheaves before the Lord signified, also, that all our possession! need God's blessing upon them. It would be a fearful thing to be rich with unblessed riches, yet some are in that condition and consequently, the more they heard, the more curse they lay up for themselves. If thou hast little, my brother, yet if God has blessed thy little, there is a flavour in it which the annuity cannot know. Let us sanctity our substance by giving to the Lord what is needed for His holy service, Pentecost was not a fast, it was a festival. When thou givest anything to God, give it not as though it were a tax, but render it freely : or it cannot be repented. Thou doBSt nothing unto God if it be not done of a willing wind. God loveth a cheerful giver. He wants no slaves to grace His throne : you shall hear no crack of whips in all the domains of our great Lord. His service is perfect freedom to give to Him is rapture to live to Rim is heaven. He would have His servants Bing in their joyous hymns, "God is the Lord, which hath showed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar." He would have each one gladly say, " U Lord, truly I am Thy servant; I am Thy Servant, and the son of Thine handmaid: Thou has looted my bonds," Consider the consecrated Harvest of our Lord Jesus Christ, as taught by the events of the great Christian Pentecost described in the Acts of the Apostles. Our Lord is the greatest of all powers, for he sowed Himself. Did He not say, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone ; but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit!" Our Lord had been sown in His death and burial, and since such a corn of wheat as this is quick ingrowing, and soon yields a harvest, in fifty days there comes a time for the in- gathering of the firstfruits. Had he not said, " Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields-, for they are white already to harvest?" and now, when the day of Pentecost was fully come, the fruit was seen of them, and joyfully gathered. Let us learn some lessons from the Christian Pontt cost. First, learn that the first harvest of our Lord Jesus Christ was through the Holy Ghost. There were no 3,000 converts till first of all was heard the rushing of mighty wind. Till the clover tongues had rested on the little company of disciples, there were no broken hearts among the crown. Until the believers were all filled with the Holy Ghost, the minds of their bearers were not filled with conviction. Weare longing, greatly longing, for our Lord Jesus to see of the travail of His soul, and to be satisfied in this city. We long to see millions brought to Christ I am sure some of us feel a yearning for whole nations to come to Jesus' feet and this can- not be except by the special power of the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit will bless the world by filling the Church with His own right. If I want my bearers converted, I must first of all myself be filled with the Holy Ghost. I know that I address a great many workers, and I therefore say to each one of them Pay great attention to your own spiritual and if you desire to save your class, you must yourself be endowed with the power of the Holy Ghost You cannot burn a way for the truth into the heart of another unless the tongue of fire is given to you first The day when the Spirit of God was given may be considered to be the ordaining of the Christian dispensation At the commencement of the Old Testament dispensation, what manifestation do we get '' Cod gives his people a law At the commencement of the New Testament dispensation, what do we get A law' No, the Lord gives His people the Holy Spirit. that is a very different matter Under the old covenant the command was given, but under the new covenant the will and the power to obey are bestowed upon us by the Holy Ghost No more have we the law upon stone, but the spirit writes the precept upon the fleshy tablets of the heart Moses on the mount can only tell us > hat to do, but Jesus ascended on high pours out the power to do it Now we are not under law, but under grace, and the Spirit is our guiding force that day of Pentecost, or feast of firstfruits, what was it Did it consist in many convenions only ? No I believe that the filling of the apostles with the HolyGhotl wat a part of the firstfruits of the day of Pentecost. We ourselves who are born to God, whenever the Holy Spirit visits us in His fulness, and sanctities and elevates us, are a large part of our Lord's reward A man full of the Holy Ghost rejoices the heart of Christ Youmoorstarrehnff Christians, who have a name to live and nothing more, who shiver over Christ's commands and never plunge into His service to find waters to swim in, bring Him little honour and little pleasure; but when we are filled with the Holy Ghost we make men see the glory of His grace, and His name is magnified in the esteem of all onlookers. Of all those people saved, it was acknowledged that they belonged unto the Lord alone. When they were pricked to the heart and believed in Jesus, they came at once and were baptised. As they were dead to the world, it was meet that they should be openly buried with Christ in baptism. 80 consecrated were they, that their lives were wholly given to their Lord. in a very especial manner it was so with them, for they had all things common; they lived a heavenly life here below. We read, " And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with glad news. and singleness of heart" Thoroughly did they give unto God the glory of their salva- tion, for they were wholly occupied with " praising God." Yet, even if we should see three thousand converted in a day, we must not reckon trial such first-rate would be absolutely perfect In the first Pentecost, as we have seen, leaves d cakes were presented to God ; so in all our successes and auditions there will sure to be a leaven. Do not wonder if some of the converts go back ; if others turn out to be hypocrites, or mere temporary convert., It will always be so i tares grow with the wheat, and bad fish are taken in the same net with the Rood. Whenever the olives had been pressed, on the figs had been gathered, or the grapes had been trodden, or the wheatfields had been issued. the truly believing Israelite took a part of his crop to the house of God, and presented it as a love token. And cannot you, my brother, bring a love token to the Lord to-day? The Lord has delivered you ; your' sin is pardoned, your iniquities are covered ; you are free from the power of sin ; you walk at liberty in righteousness ; you are come into the land of promise ; you have entered into rest. That is abundant reason for bringing your love-gift unto the Lord. It is a good thing to be a Christian ; it is a blessed privilege to be a child of God ; it is a delightful boon to be a partaker of the covenant and all the blessings stored up therein. Do we not say so? I am sure we do and therefore it is that we bring our thankoffering, as a token that we love the Lord and desire to praise Him for all He has done for us. Oh, you that have never eaten of the Paschal Lamb, that have never been sprinkled with His blood, you cannot know anything about this: you cannot offer anything to God: you cannot receive His blessing upon your daily lives, because you have not first of all-accepted salvation by the atoning blood. I wish you would now come to Jesus : I pray God you may. But, oh,' if you have known the power of the death of Christ, and so are pardoned, do not miss the further joy of a consecrated life ; the joy of spending and being spent for Him who redeemed you. The Lord your God is so blessed in Himself that when you give yourself to Him His blessedness overflows' and fills you. Nothing is so much ours as what is wholly God's and when we are not our own, then by some strange logic we are most our own. When we have most fully practised self-denial, then the best riches and the rarest wealth, and the truest blessedness are ours. Let us continually plead the precious blood, that each one may be dedicated to God, thereby be this our motto, " None but Jesus I None but Jesus t" Let us exalt the Lamb of God, the threatening Lamb. Gold help us to take these statements, and as to keeping feast. Aman, 