REV. JOHN O'MAHONY ox IS CATHOLICISM A BAK TO DEMOCRACY? Ths lawyer, it is said, is nowhere without his bri .f. In somewhat a similar senss it is perhaps no ltss true that acler gymau looks lonely without his text. Here, then, is mine : " Romanism, though its superstitions are much kept in ths background, and though its exertions in the causs of Christian education, and the devotion of its clsrgy and religious orders deserve and receive great sympathy, is not suited to the democratic temper, which undoubtedly exists in all the colonies which I have visited." The words are from an address of the Right Beverend Father in Go:l, to wit. the Anglican Lord Bishop of Salisbury. Dr. Won'swortli. He paid a flying visit to the" Australian colonies some months ago. and, in the short space of sis weeks, arrived at very definite conclusions regarding the most intricate colonial questions, and. amongst other things, discovered an antagonism between Romanism and the democratic spirit of the times. 1 do not intend to introduce into the columns of the Democrat any comments upon his sneers at those " superstitions of ours which we take such pains " to keep in the background, ' nor upon the faint praise with which His Lordship takes care to damn our efforts in the cause of religious education. Let these pass. They are so much literary padding, turned off 'to round a sentence and make it sonorous, and thus becoming a bishop. Or perhaps they are but the scintillating coruscations of inherited. prejudice that could not praise without at the same time adding something calculated to make the faint praise damn. I prefer to notice the substantial proposition that " Romanism," in these colonies or elsewhere, does not fit in with Democracy, and is unsuited to that spirit of all round justice and fair play which is al- most invariably found to exist where the people have the making and administration of the laws. Our system of government is yet, in my opinion far from reaching the democratic ideal government of the people by the people for the people. The principle is, however, there. Let us see whether Romanism antagonises it or not. Dr. Wordsworth's statement has at least one merit. It is direct, and easily understood. It may, therefore, be frankly met. It is m itself a tribute to the influence which the spirit of the time has on His Lordship. His is very unlike the oH method which represented Catholicism as a kind of Machiavelli in soutane, the embodiment of a statecraft that sought an end, but cared little for the means by which that end was obtained. Exclusive with the classes, with the masses democratic : that was Catholicism. Its long experience always stood it in good stead. It caught the first whisper of the popular breeze, aud trimmed its sails accordingly. That is not the caricature Dr. Wordsworth gave. He labelled Romanism as practically antagonistic to Democracy. He did so in language plain amd unmistakeable. How shall we judge of the antagonism? I ask the question from no ulterior motive whatever beyond that of loyalty to the faith which I profess, and to the Democracy which that faith not only permits, but, as I believe, even urges me to uphold, and which, I hope, is as sincere as that which, while it so condescendingly criticises our want of democratic tendencies and sympathies, disports itself under Episcopal Lawn in the Peers' Chamber, and waxes fat upon £7000 a year. If " Romanism " "be unsuited to Democracy it must ba either because there is something in the organism of the Catholic Church which does not, and cannot, adapt itself to a system of government—be it a constitutional monarchy or a republic—which men term democratic, or because the teaching and practices of the Church regarding those ameliorative measures that find so prominent a place in every democratic programme, are not sech as would foster and encourage the party of progress. Dr. Wordsworth evidently believes in the existence of both these causes. The first, at all events, is pretty clearly hinted at, when he speaks of the Church as an imperium in imperio that the people cannot look upon with confidence. But the cry has not even the advantage of novelty about it. To anyone acquainted with th history of the Catholic Church for the past three hundred years, it will be at once apparent that in hinting that Catholicism is inconsistent with liberty, and destructive of those political institutions which lie at the foundation of free government. Dr. Wordsworth is simply repeating a cry of blind and intolerant bigotry that is absolutely hoary with age. It would, of course, be illogical to identify even Civil liberty with popular forms of government. As has been well said, freedom is possible under any and every form of government; so is tyranny. Republics, the most democratic forms of government, can tyrannise and oppress as well as monarchies. And, unfortunately, they have done so. Whilst the Kulturkampf was in full swing in the German Empire, a no less grinding form of tyranny prevailed in France. France was then a recently-formed republic, and almost the first use it made of its freedom from Napoleonic control was to persecute and oppress, and we know, too, how in America, under the most democratic institutions in the world, " three millions of the population out of twenty were held for a long time in abject slavery." Hence, the Catholic Church is wed indissolubly to no form of government. As Dr. Brownson puts it, " She leaves each people free to adopt such form of government as seems to themselves good, and to administer it in their own way. Her chief concern is ii fit men for beatitude, and this she can do under any or all forms of government. But the spirit she breathes into man, the graces she communicates,; the dispositions she cultivates, and the virtues she produces, are such that while they render even arbitrary forms of government tolerable, fit a people for asserting and maintaining freedom." " The Church, says Pope Leo XIII. in his Encyclical on Human Liberty, "approves of everyone devoting his services to the common good, and doing all he can for the defence, preservation and prosperity of his country." " And yet," he continues in the beautiful encyclical letter of November 1, 1885. on the Christian Constitution of States, "a hackneyed reproach of old date is levelled against- her that the Church is opposed to the rightful aims of the Civic Government, and is wholly unable to afford help in spreading that welfare and progress which justly and naturally are sought after by every well regulated State. From the very beginning Christians were harassed by slanderous accusations of this nature, aud on that account were held up to hatred and execration for being (so they were called) enemies of the Empire The wicked proneness to level the like charges and accusations has not been lulled to rest." Tet the history of nineteen centuries shows that the Catholic Church has ever had her benediction for every form of legitimate political government and has ever done battle—frequently singlehanded—for those rights of man that ars the raison d'etre of democracy. I cannot claim space sufficient to enumerate tbe great services rendered by the Church to the cause of human liberty and civilisation. ' Trace her stcjry through eighteen hundred years and see it marked with the sweat of blood and her free and noblehearted children. Their toils, their sufferings, their deaths area testimony unto her that from the first moment of her existence she fought, as no other power could fight, for liberty and for freedom. During the first centuries of her existence, " though crushed and bleeding, she spoke with a voice which raised up, and comforted the poor and persecuted, and softened down the tyranny or struck terror into ihe bosom of the persecutor. Against her. tyranny was impotent. It cou" d give;her el-il Iren martyrs crowns; it failed to stay her onward march.. Hers was ±he only voice raised to tell the nnpleasant truth to the wearers of Rome's imperial purple, worshipped though they were as gods, thit they were after all but_ weak, erring men, and that in them as in tbe very humblest of their subjects, crime should not go unrebuked. It does honor to manhood to read how the Bishop of Milan, St. Ambrose, refused the .sacraments of the Church to Theodosius because in cruel and surly vengeance that Emperor had ordered the massacre of his people in Thessalonica without distinction of guilty or innocent. " This stain of blood was washed out only by a public penance such as the lowest member of the church would have been constrained to undergo for a similar offence." It was the voice of a Pope that first proclaimed there was no divine right for kings. In the Sth century Pope Zachaiy wroteto the French, "The Prince is responsible to the people whose favor he enjoys ~t whatever he lias! power, honor, riches, glory, dignity, he has received from them- The people make the king: they can also unmake him." Down through the centuries the same doctrine was preached by the Church's theologians, who, with St. Thomas of Aqnin declared again aud again that " kings do not rule by divine right, but by .human authority; and that to decree anything for the good of the commonwealth belongs either to the people or to: their representatives."' In the 16th and 17th centuries while the predecessors in title of his Lordship of Salisbury " were pionsly searching thescriptures forjdivine authority to establish the divine right of kings and forcing it upon the dissenters by the gentle suasion of rack and confiscation," Cardinal Bellarmine, from the very palace of the Pope declared that it belonged to .the people to determine whether their government should be a monarchy or a republic. It is no wonder, therefore, that in our own time we should fiad the present illustrious Pope giving his benediction -to that Bepoblican Government of France, to which, in truth, the Church owes so very little, but which he saw was the people's choice.. The late Sir Thomas Erskine May, the distinguished author of tbe Constitutional History of England, tells as that/' the Catholic Chnrch qualified Italy for the enjoyment of free-, dom. Intbe l2th century there wereno less than 200 municipalities or republics, spread ovpr the fkirland of Italy.' They were free, and all their institutions -were republican founded upon popular Section and public confidence," and he adds that if these republics came to be destroyed it was not "the menaces of the Catholic system" brought them to naught, but the common ' enemy of both the Church and- the' republics,- Fre^ derick Barbarossa, Emperor of Germany. Guizot, another Protestant, says in his His- tory of Christian Civilization that " we owe all modern representative systems of political government to the example " of the Church. The very system of constitutional government under which we live was, -wrung from King John by the Catholic barons of England with his Eminence Cardinal Stephen Langton at their head. When, too, the American War of Independence was orer, the patriotism of the Catholic citizens drew from the .great Washington these words : "I. pesume that your fellow citizens will not forget the patriotic part which you (Catholics) took in the accomplishment of their revolution and the establishment of their government, or the important assistance which they received from a nation in which the tloman Catholic Faith is professed." Yet according to this "Right Reverend visitor from Salisbury " the Romanism " he found here is -not suited to the democratic and liberty loving spirit of the colonies. I am not aware that there is any difference between the Catholic Faith or the Catholic principles found amongst Catholics here, and the faith and principles of Catholics under any other skies. The Church's faith is everywhere "the same. The same principles of brotherhood animate her people. And it is only when we leave the past and looking round see these principles in active work within theChurch's wide domain that we realize how flippant and how utterly shallow is the criticism which some who see much but leam Jittle are not slow to pass upon what they are pleased to call reactionary and conservative Catholicism. Some are too ready to assume the utter incompatibility of Catholicism and progress. Prejudice is too often permitted to usurp the place of the true historical teacher, and -the Catholic Church is thus represented as meeting the needs and sympathies of the modern world in an unbending and unchanging attitude. But never was the Church mare in sympathy or in touch with the people than it is' at this Moment under the wise and enlightened guidance of Pope Leo XilL A cablegram in Thursday's papers states that the late Cardinal Manni ng was asked, on the occasion, of Pope Leo's election, to permit himself to be put in nomination for the Papal throne. The cablegram is, of course, to be taken for what it is worth, and to those who know, that is not much. It, at all events, perhaps, points to the fact that the venerable electors werj seeking for Pope one whose heart was with the people. If the people failed to get such a one in Cardinal Manning, they secured even a greater in Cardinal Pecci. As Cardinal Manning hitmelf wrote of the Pope's Encyclical oh Labor:—"Since the Divine words, 'I have compassion on the multitude,' were spoken in the wilderness, no voice has been heard throughout the world pleading for the people with suoh profound and loving sympathy for those who toil and suffer as "the voice of Leo XIII. This is no rhetorical exaggeration, but strict truth. None but the Vicar of our Divine Lord could so speak to mankind. No Pontiff lias ever so spoken. No Pontiff has ever had such an opportunity so to speak, for never till now has the world of labor been so consciously united, so dependent upon the will of the rich, so exposed to the fluctuation* of adversitv and to the vicissitudes of trade. Leo 'XXII^ looking out of the watch-tower of the Christian world, as St. Leo the Great used to say, has before him what no Pontiff yet lias ever seen. He sees all the kingdoms of the earth and the sufferings of them." The cry of the livinjg rang in his ears, and lie felt that he was not a mere levite serving in the temple. The suffering, the abject poverty, the degradation all around him, side by aide with plenty and happiness and wealth, the lives inhuman, sad, and dreadful, led by liuman beings, the hard lot of the toilers of the world—these were the social problem? that met his gaze; these were tlie problems which every organisation calling itself Christian had to face. I cannot help description of the condition of affairs in England, penned some short time after the publication qf the Pope's Encyclical. " Up to recent times," said the writer, " the absolute power of the capitalist was asserted without question. He was all- powerful in the legislature; the voice of his suffering employees scarcely crer found an echo there. They pined in his fai r id and sooty workshops until their emaciated bodies no longer could sustain their souls ; they burrowed, unsexed and dehumanized, away down in his mines, deep in the bosom of the earth, men, women, and children scarcely ever coming np to blink at God's blessed sunlight; they sweltered their lives out before his great sooty furnaces until their anemic bodies gave up the ghost. They were allowed to live and rot and wither away into their graves, as lieathen, soulless, chattel things, until at last the ultimate remnant of trampled manhood rose up in the horrid shape of murder, and outrage and compelled the attention of the world "to the hjdeous system which illustrated for 'the working classes in England the proud boast that' Britons never, never shall be slaves.'*' The same, if not indeed a worse, state of things prevailed elsewhere. Long before he ascended the Papal throne, Cardinal Pecci, in pastoral after pastoral, made his voice, heard in denunciation of such inhumanity, and in vindication of the rights of toilers as men. Seated in Peter's chair, speaking to over two hundred and fifty millions of the earth's people, in words no less strong and, if anything, more sympathetic, he -still pleaded for earth's toiling millions. Where will you find the evils of our industrial civilisation painted in stronger colors? "The working .men hare been. given. over, isolated and defenceless, to the callousness of employers and the greed of unrestrained ' competition. The evil has been increased by usury, wliich, though more than once condemned by. the Church, is still practised under a different name, but with the some guilt. And to this must be added the custom of working by contraefc and the concentration of BO many branches of trade in the hands of a few; so that a small number of vciy rich men have been able to lay -upon the masses; of the poor a yoke little better than slavery itself." He recognises frankly and fully that which '-capitalists affect so much .to ignore, viz., the economic value of labor; "it is only by the labor of workmen that States grow rich." ; He appeals to the masses' to vofee their diseontent: " The desire of the Church is that the poor should rise above their. poverty and. wretchedness and Bhnnld better their condition in life." IHe calls out for the recognition of the principle of the living wage; " there is a dictate of nature more imperious and more ancient than any bargain between man and man; that the remuneration must be enough to Bupport the wage reamer in reasonable and frugal comfort." And the wage-earner carinotcontract himself out of this; a man hai Jiere no power overhiinself. To consent to anyfcpeatment calculated to defeat'ihe .end :of his being is beyond his right." He repudiates the claim to absolute ownerahip of. property, i.e., the right to do what one wills with his own; "itisonethingto'have arighttothe possession of money, another to have a light to use money as one pleases." He denounces the exploitation of .the -woiiers for others' profit ; **it is~shameful,and inhuman to treat men.-like chattels to make money bv, or. to look .upon them merely as bo ; much muscle and physical power. 1 ' To traffic upon the needs of the poor is a crime that calls to heaven for vengeance; " to exercise pressure for the eake of gain upon the indigent and destitute and to make unes profitbut of the needs of another- is condemntd by all laws; human and Divine." I cannot '.'trespass further on your space by giving other extracte-from fchistrnmpet-caU to the .nation's: 1 It is the voice of one .-speaking' with power. It epeaks, at aU events,, with anthonty to millions upon millions o? the human race. Its teachings _ we, Catholic priests, preach from our pnlpite in Australasia, as elsewhere; our Catholic people strive to reduce into practice. In these toachiqgis there is, it seems to me, a ring of true democracy -which yon will eeek: for in rain amongst the religious, social,-or political pronouncementeof the light reverend occupants , of Che .episcopal hench;!in-the British JIopssi pf Peera. They betoken a progressive spirit, not perhaps exactly, pleasingto tiie lordly caste of Vere de'Ver^ but certainly ttot/'dnnsnited to the' democratic'spirit'of3j^^x>1onie8. n They are, in fine, tfairh ingg which millions of the world of labor have; heard %iHi joy, and worshipping thoughthey float different saltan from that' of Pope. Leo HIL, the workers have, in the words of .the late (Cardinal Manning, "recognised in the Pope's voice the accents of a father's love and sympathy." ' .... ' . . , Jobs O'M&Hoirr.; The Deaneiy, Launceston, January 15,189G. NEXT OF THE SERIES Mr Abraham Barreit "SHAKESPEARE AND THE CESSSA- TIONOPWAB." 