The "London Times" on the Papal Bull. . The Papal Bull on Anglican Or ders explains clearly why an inquiry ; into the validity of Anglican Orders has just now been instituted, the method which has been followed in conducting it, the kind of evidence by which the question has been deter mined, and the conclusion finally reached. From first to last there could have been no doubt what that conclusion must be. The question was not new. It had been raised many times, and had been answered always in the same way — that Angli can Orders were invalid in the . .Romish sense of the word, that is to say, that they did not possess the nature ana enect or a sacrament, and, in particular, that they carried with them no power of consecrating and offering the true body and blood of the Lord as a sacrifice to the Eternal Father. The first thing to be done, then, was to show what former decisions of the Church had been. There were plenty of cases to the point, from the despatch by Pope Julius III. of Reginald Pole as Leg ate in Queen Mary's time, and his proceedings in dealing with specific and concrete cases submitted to him, down to the re-ordination in 1704 of John Clement Jordan, who had been duly ordained already if the Anglican ritual had been judged sufficient to confer orders. The practice in every instance had been the same. Orders conferred according to the ritual em ployed in King Edward VI. 's reign and restored in use under Queen Elizabeth were treated as null and void. So invariably had this been the decision of the Roman Church, and so unquestionable the authority on which it had been pronounced, that the Bull declares, that no Catho lic who knew the > facts could « have- had any doubt on the matter. But what, it will be asked, was the special defect which warranted and compelled the Roman Church to set Anglican orders aside as of no validity, and which has led Pope Leo XIII. and his advisers, after a re- examination of the case, to give the same judg ment about it ? The Edwardine ritual, the Bull tells us, was defective in two ways — in form and in atten tion. As regards the fprm, thewords of consecration, whether ; of' priest or Bishop, were simply, " Receive the Holy Ghost," words which, as the Bull remarks, are no more than ;are. customarily used at confirmations/ and which were insufficient, therefore, to confer on priest or on Bishop the special supernatural powers which belong properly to either office. Nor was this an accidental defect. The word employed had, the Bull declares, been intentionally altered from the form previously in use, and has been so framed as to exclude all reference to the special functions and powers which the.' Roman clergy claim to exercise and to .possess. The same defect, moreover, "runs through the rest of the service, so that, although the prayers appointed are somewhat more full in the meaning than the foare words of consecration, yet they fall far short of -what they ought to be, since they, too, had been purposely curtailed in what the Roman Church considers to be the most essential points. Closely connected with this alleged defect of form is the alleged defect of intention. The Romish doctrine of intention as necessary to the validity of a sacrament is laid down clearly in the Bull. The Church, we learn, does not judge about mind and intention in so far as it is some-: thing by its nature internal, but only; so far as ih\ is\manifestedfexternallyi Those, therefore, who use the due form and matter requisite for effect ing or confering a sacrament are considered by that very fact to do what the Church does. But where the rite has been changed with the manifest intention of introducing another rite not approved by the Church, and of rejecting what the Church does, and what the Church holds, by the institution of Christ, to belong to the nature of the sacra ment, there is not only a defect of intention, but the presence of an intention adverse to and destructive of the sacrament. Now, if these points are admitted it obviously fol lows that Matthew Parker, and his successors who derive under him, can have been no Bishops in the Roman Catholic sense of the word. They cannot have possessed, and they cannot have conferred on others, the mysterious supernatural powers which the Roman Catholic clergy claim, and which some of the Angli can clergy claim to share equally with them. Nor, if the Edwardine ritual can be shown to have been thus defective in essentials, can the fault have been made . good by amendments introduced a century afterwards. If the golden chain was broken, or continued only in a baser metal, no gilding over of the lower links can have repaired the damage or have brought back the value which had been lost. The very attempt to mend the ritual the Bull seeks to turn against its' au thors and contrivers. It is taken as an acknowledgement that the Edwardine ritual was so defective as to be in need of amendment, and that the true Sacrament of Orders had consequently been lost, and, if so, had been lost irreparably. The strength of the Bull consists, not least, in its moderation. ; It makes., or. implies very large concessions to the Anglican Church. We find it in no attempt to revive the Nag's Head story, no suggestion that the four Bishops who ordained Matthew Parker, were in any way personally disqualified, or that the ceremony was not performed duly" in the manner prescribed and after a decent and orderly fashion. The one point raised is whether what was said and done, on .the. occasion, and intended to be said 'and done, 'was ' Sufficient to confer the true summum sacerdotimn — the power of consecrating and offering sacrificially the true body andT)lood of, the-Lord,and. of ordain-., ing ministers who, by the act of ordination, became gifted with it. This, and this only, is what the Bull denies to the Anglican clergy,., so that it in no way touches those 'of their number who never affected to claim such a power, and who are .perfectly: satisfied/ with a position of which the Bull leaves them in undisputed enjoyment. The sentence of the Bull that or dinations' carried out 'accbrding to the Anglican ritual have been and are absolutely null and utterly void is, it will be observed, final. The question is; never; again; to.be re-opened under, any pretence, so that the ground has been cleared and we all know now exactly where we stand. This is as it should be. Interest reipiMica ut sit finis litium, and we have no reason to be dissatisfied with a judg ement which makes it" qlear that ad vanced High Churchrri'en must find in future something else to talk about than plans for reunion with the Church of Rome on terms settled by themselves.' "The Church will have nothing to say to them except on its own terms, and those who " desire and. seek with a .sincere heart the possession of a hierarchy and of or ders " are told distinctly where they must look for them and and on what conditions; ;they "can be had. The Bull puts an end, once and for all, to any delusion on such points as the above. It is, of course, open to those whom it affects to refuse to accept its conclusions as to their present status. They can urge, and continue to believe, that, they are vested withvas full sacerdotal powers as their Roman Catholic fellows, and that their orders are as valid as they themselves have ever thought them to be. But it will not be easy for them;to refuse to see that they have received a very sharp slap in the face from what they looked upon as a friendly hand, and that they can ex pect no more support from Rome than from any other section in their own Church than that to which they themselves belong. Beyond this, we hardly care to go into the question at all. The controversy has no meaning for us, and it has never had any. It would be too much, even now, to hope that we shall hear no more of it. It may furnish matter for this year's Church Congress, and possibly for next year's synod. But of this, at least, we may be certain — that we shall hear no more of idle projects and of advance towards reunion with a foreign Church which has just de clared, not for the first time, that it will have nothing to say to any of them. As the Archbishop of Canter bury justly remarks in his Dublin speech, the lesson will be of great value to those who have been led to believe that the Church of Rome has become other than it was. ; 