The Musical World. It may be regarded as a rule that most purely liter- ary men who are not musicians plunge into absurdity) whenever they attempt to critise works on music '05 musical performances, %>me great poets and nove- ( lists are exceptions to this rule, and to this class ofi writers the late Mr. Robert Browning belonged, foe he held that music more truly represented human, nature than did either poetry, painting, or sculpture« He says : To match and mate Feeling with knowledge-make as manifest Soul's work as Mind's work, turbulence as rest, Hates, loves, joys, woes, hopes, fears, that rise an3 sink Ceaselessly, passion's transient flit and wink, A ripple's tinting or a spume- sheet's spread Whitening the wave-to strike all this life dead, Run mercury into a mould like lead, And henceforth have the plain result to show- ' How we feel, hard and fast as what we Know-» 1 This were the prize and ls the puzzle!-which, 1 Music essays to solve; and here's the hitch i That baulks her of full triumph else to boast. All Arts endeavor this, and she the most Attains thereto, yet fails of touching: why? Does Mind set Knowledge from Art's ministry? What's known once ls known ever: Art's arrange'. Dissociate, redistribute, interchange Part with part, lengthen, broaden, high or deep Construct their bravest-still such pains produce Change, not creation: simply what lay loose At first lies firmly after, what design Was faintly traced in hesitating line Once' on a time, grows firmly resolute . Henceforth and evermore. Now, could' we shoot Liquidity into a mould-some way Arrest Soul's evanescent moods, and keep Unalterably,still the forms that leap To life for once by help of Art!-which yearns To save its capture: Poetry dlácerns, Painting is 'ware of passion's rise and fall, Bursting, subsidence, intermixture-all A-eeethe within the gulf. Each Art a-strain Would stay the apparition-nor in vain: The poet's word-mesh, Painter's sure and swift Color-and-line-throw-proud the prize they lift! . . ..Outdo Both of them, Music! Dredging deeper yet Drag into day-by sound, the master-net The abysmal bottom-growth, ambiguous thing Unbroken cf a branch, palpitating With limbs' play and life's semblance! There lt IleSI Marvel and mystery, of mysteries And marvels, most to love and laud thee for! Save it from chance and change we most abhor1 Give momentary feeling permanence, So that they capture hold, a century hence, Truth's very heart of truth as, safe to-day, The Painter's Eve. the Poet's Helena Still rapturously bend, afar still throw* The wistful gaze! Thanks, Homer. Angelo! Could Music rescue thus from Soul's profound» Give feeling immortality by sound. Then, were she queenliest of Arts! Alas As well expect the rainbow not to pass! "Praise 'Radaminta'-love attains therein To perfect utterance! Pity-what sWall win Thy secret like 'Rinaldo?' "-so men said: Once all was perfume-now, the flower is dead They spied tints, sparke have left the spar! LovèV líate. Joy, fear, survivfr-olike importunate As ever to go walk the world again, Nor ghost-Hke pant for outlet all in vain Till Music loose them, flt each fllmily "With form enough to know and name lt hy Por any recogniser sure of ken And sharp of ear, no grosser denizen Of earth than needs be. Nor to such appeal Is Music long obdurate: off they steal- ^ How gently, dawn-doomed phantoms! back come tfifeft Full-blooded with new crimson of broad day Passion made palpable once more. Te. look Your gaze on Handel? Gaze your first on Gluckl Why wistful search, O waning ones, the chart Of stars for you while Haydn, whilst Mozart Occupies heaven? These also, fanned to fire Flamboyant wholly-so perfections tire Whiten to wanness, till . . . let others note The ever-new invasion! 