Slble Christian Conference. J1 Friday evening an ordiuation eervic2 , he|J the cluiroLi being Sited to over VI;,-, frith a most attentive aggregation. f H. M. Jeffrey was publicly re- • M into full connection, aud the ordiua- '.hir.'e was delivered by the expresi- V 00 . H," Ke.- J. Wilson, who chose for hie ACM Chapter, 17th and 18th re. It® 6aili the ' t " hr ' sti,in minister was nt /].) to open the blind eyes. Spiritual Since prevailed over tlie minds of men^ d the Gospel was the efficient power to t\e lie" a'" 1 taowlcdge. Unless people re aroused to a sense of their ignorauce dantjer they wonli neverseek de- Wance. <2) He .-as to turn their darkness * lish' Darkness was an emblem of "nbirf'snd sin. The light derived from ihe "Gospel consists of knowledge, moral * eilenco, aivinc parity, and all tliis was luUiiae.1 in Christ. To turn men fran: darkness to light meant bringing men coteM Christ. (3) He was, farther, to turn mf0 fi«iH the power of Satan to-God. Man's condition is one of bondage and sin nil Satan. Men wanted deliverance from a most Billing bondage, and the Gospel was pjijle of affording that Mid briuging them into liberty and complete victory- over sin. was to be the occasion of men' obtaiuiug the .forgiveness of sins. Han's, state «r*s one 01 ain 8°*"- ' 4W ; wss riven that every month might be stopped and all the world be guilty before ^jod. And in order to lead men toeeek the; forgi-e.iess of sins tbey must first have their «yd opened and be turued to God; And; not only were men to have forgiveness of; .sins, • hnt also cleansing and regeneration, j {5) And lastly, men are to have restored , thoirlMt inheritance. As in*tlie^\nf• <he prodigal s^n; the Gospel of&eriis; Christy not -only made provision lor the' forgivenessi •of situ. but also for the restoration of I forfeited blessings, of peace, purity and] •holiness. In order to be successful in such • grest work a minister most 1m a man of. Jirajer, rich spiritual experience, strong •fnith in God ana in the truth of the Gospel, jutense lore for souls, and be filled with the' floly Ghost. .. The stitistics of the denomination are as' follower — Ministers 40, Home.Missionarie ^-increase 2; local preachers 170—increase] 11; cliurch members 3000—increase for the . Jeir 19S; teachers 857, Sunday - school' .-scholars 6347 —increase 233. The secretary of the Endeavor Societies, j Rev. F. Mason, presented bis report, which ; showed that there were in the denomination 35 senior and 2 junior societies, which have .770 active, 217 associate, €3 honorary—a toul of 1050 membei-a. 673 . of the active •are members of the ohurch. MetHodibt 0N1OH. The decision of the Conference en Metho- •3i«t Union isas follows:— i. That the report of the Methodist' ."Federal Council be received, and we thereby express our hearty appreciation of- >the valuable work done by die Cuuucil ! •during tbe year. - 2\. That we approve of the "*' Plan di Union," •contained in the Council report, and trust that the uuificatiou of Methodism in this -coiuny will be consnminated without unnecessary delay. 3 That wo endorse the recommendation 'of' the Oncil to submit the scheme' of •Union as it relates to the synods, quarterly meetings, and trustee meetings, and mem-. %ers abnve the age of 11 years of the several Metlieilist churches. That we decide the .arrangements in 1't •the method of submitting the scheme of union t > the people for the purpose of taking the vote be left with the federal Council, 5\. Th it in agreement with resolution 10 'of the Council's report, the Revs." j. Wilsou,. P. Webber, F. Mason, O. Daley, the! «on. R. Baker, and Messrs W. H. Hunt, S. A. Baldwin, and A. j. Garter, be a coin-; miittee to meet a similar -committee of the •other Method&t; .churches to revise, if necessary, and complete the Plan . of $7nion " during .{he jsessioiis of the Wesleyan "Conference, -r^r - •- - • - •6. That as Boon as tile stations -for the. 'ensuing year ate fixed, representatives to the Federal Council shall fib appointed to : attend to the duties BSt forth in resolntion 11 : 'of the Councils report. The Rev. G> Cameron was passed -on to; *the 'fourth year>f bis' probation. 1 he statistics of the denomination are at' follows :—Ministers, 40> Home 'Missionaries, 3; increase, 2 ; -local preachers, 170; increase, 11 ^ church members. 3000; in- •crease, 198; teachers, 857 i Sunday School "Scholars, 6317 ; increase. 283. On Sunday the Conference services were: 'held in the 'iemperance Hall- The Rev. !. Wilson conducted the morn-; ing service, taking for nis text Matt. 22nd. "chap. 42j(L verse, " What think ye of; Christ." A young people's service was held in the * 'afternoon at 2 o'clock instead of 3, on : -Recount of the funeral of the late Mr Milliard. There was a large attendance of Sioth .young and old. Toe llev. S. P. ^Vchber led the service, and pointed and practical addresses were given by the Revs, fe. M C Fowler, and A. R. Cock. The tanging was bright aud inspiriting, vnd all present appeared to enjoy the *ser«5c«. The ensuing service was conducted by the Rev. D. Daley. The hall was crowded, and % fine spiritual influence pervaded the meeting. ...The text of the *en»ou was in 1 Epitftie to Timothy, 1-11, " The glorious fospel of the blessed God," 111 see words the preacher said, manifest the deep impression the Gospel of Jesus made upon tfoe Blind of Paul. The Gospel afforded the solution ot the prdfundest problem that •concerned the human race. Jesus Clirist fereated the Fatherhood of God. ~ Agnostics assert that God is unknowable. Herbert $penc?r, the leader of this school of philosupby has unconsciously rendered splendid service to tbs Christian religion, for he has clearly demonstrated that the human -reason a'oDe can never adequately know the •Supreme. But it .is just at this point that Christ steps in. He bridges the. chasm between man and God. In answer to the inqoiry of Phvip, Jesus said " He that hath seen me hath seen the Father.' Dr. "Parker cays ' VThat I know of God, I have received fiom the son Of the carpenter, 9 AUmen canfind^Godlhe Father in Jesus Christ." In the first -place the Gospel toakeslcnoK'a t&ew;«y Of reconciliation between God and* . man. Men are alienated from God by sin, the deep consciousness of which is-universal, the gi eat problem was not liow sin came tuto the world, but how can a sinner be reconciled to God, and saved from sin. Tire answer r.f the Gospel is unique. fesns Christ incarnates himself ; bears the sins of the world, tail dies to redeem it. God, through the sacrifice of his son, accepts all who claim the merits of the crucified one. Sin can mly he destroyed by the son of God. All men can be saved. The Gospel also deals with the great questions of the future life. Men fyve an instinctive sense of immortility. The authors of the unseen tmivrrse show that the Egyptians, Assyrians. Hxbylonians, Jews, Greeks; Romans, and oiher great nations, believed . in a future life. Uut'their views were crnde and »apue. Rut Jesus Christ " brought life and immortality to light." Agnosticism bligllts the faith and destroys the bright hope'of «craal blessedness. That afternoon they * er « s, andiu» around the open grave of one ™ 'he community, aud they had listened to »e Eolemu words " Earth to earth, ashes to "lies, dust to dost." but we were assured ttiit only the mortal body'tvas in that grave. Ihe immortal, imperishable soul had gone to nevrithGod. Jesus said ' Because t live ye As] lire alfeo ' The' preacher trusted all embrace the gloiious Gospel of On Monday night a meeting in celebration : ™ 'he centennial of the birth' or James inarne was held. .'There was a very large attendance, all available room being •*_»P':ed, and the otriioet enthusiasm Prtfuled. - The Rev. j> j Cory occupied the ® ^ and introduced tlie subject by bpefiy referring to James Thorne as one of the most prominent fonhders of the' Bible Christian dsiiomiuatidn, a man of- whom they might well be proud, and whose devotion 'to the caus: of. Christ, snintly character, and many virtues they ahooM admire and emulate. The Rev. W. H. Hosken followed with an address «u the conversion and preaching of James Thorne. He was one of the fathers of the oburoh. Born in 1795. In early youth be had manifested a strong tendeucy towards a -christian life, which ^MBummated in kts converaioa during a missou held at Shebbear, by vVilliara O'Bryan,. Not. satisfied with conversion he soon sought and outlined the blesiing of •entire s&uctificition.; He soon was in possession of what he considered -an nomistakable call to the osiniatry. He began to preach, and was remarkably successful, scarcely a day goiao by without some con? versions to God being seen. He was a 1 ' most courageous man. When only 21 years of a^^e he went to the revels; and ih the face scoSs aud jeers preached the Gospel to the people. 1ft other wa$ts he showed invincible courage ^ he was dannted by no obstacle and overcame "all difficulties. - He was" also a man of prayer. The speaker had heard him, pray { there were lew who could pray-like he. He could take hold of J a promise and plead on until the answer case. Ha was also a most Uiligedt pastor, the duties of wbein he would allow nothing to prevent' tim performing. Hib journeys were wonderful, covering hundreds of miies per week, sometimes on horseback, but mostly -on foot, t The Rev* F, -lackwnod followed with a speech on-james Thorne as an organiser and social -eefonRer. It . had fallen . to tlie Bpeaker?isj|9li to. Preach »..memorial, »«rm.oi} Tin j the joccksio*B.'ii>f; ^iLseesJUocae'a.- Tdeadil< He "tiKii%ht»flf»Jaaies Tboi^ie . as. «• _man; scarred witli-Aattle, jaellowed Vith good ness, an. ideal -man of God and a .trne brother- of men that knew no freedom or. rest, while-oilier, men were in spiritual, social, or political fetters. Bis organising abilities manifested in feis work is coadiuter of William O'Bryan, the originator of the denomination. James ' Thorne - was O'BryanVright hand-'-eeizing every* opportunity of extending the movement, opening s, new - raisnens, ' making - plans, - fixing boundaries- -for- circuits, selecting and appointing, preachers, and defending them from assailants. • Be was busy forming - class meetings, love feasts, &c.; Generally speaking the lion 1 * share of the details, of the movement.fell to his.share. He was tlie principal advocate of lay representation at' the conference. He hdd tlie portion <>f' seoretaiy "of the conference for' sbme' 14 years.-As a social reformer he cimc prominently before the public. Se noted' .the disabilities under which men fired in ! his l£ay and -the injustice that was rep re-; sented by hoary institutions', and labored to I remove them. In 182S he supported the: movement for Rom&n;'Catholic emancipation. 1 (lis voice was-lifted in. public -meetings Tori -tlit freedom of the slaves in the Indies in 1833. The desperate straggle of the koglish people to free themselves .from the iniquitous Corn Laive had his advocacy. He was a member of the firstucmncit formed in ! connection "with the. Liberation. "Society. The Factory Act 'nt 1S42 and the Reform Bill of 1831 had bis best support, and tie: helped to bring about the extension of the franchise in 18S7- He wrote and spske on behalf of the disestablishment of the Irish church in 1S6S, and also tooVa prominent • part in the teetotal movement, stgniog "the pledge in 183S. James Thorne, -w.s a people's man. Hisgreat heart, iiis power* of organisation- fits shrewd -diplomacy, his i sound judgement, lits.seraphic spirit, his. tender sympathy, wereall given reluctantly to the peoplefortheir benefit. The Iter. "Joseph Teagne then gave a spirited address upon tlie influence of 3aipet Thorne on the -church. ^ 