HAND READING. LATTER DAY NONSENSE. GULLS AND THEIR VICTIMS. A HUSBAND'S COMPLAINT. A correspondent -Writes to us from Cromwell otreet, Colllngwood, ax fol lows:— "I am a hard-working man, and earn Just enough to keep the wolf from the door, yet my poor, foolish wife has spent six shillings within a fortnight with some hand-reader. These fortune tellers are fleecing the i>or, silly v/omon, and public opinion, aided by some powerful paper, can alone put a stop, or at least a check, to it. Sir, if you will kindly publish this you will receive the gratitude of a hard -working Now, wc might tell our correspondent that there is a law against fortune- telling, as "The Herald" intimated some months ago, but that hardly ' does enough. Rather would we convince women who Indulge themselves in the folly of consultations how very silly they aro. A recent artlcla In the Lon don "Daily News," reviewing a book on Palmistry, puts the whole matter as plainly as anyone could wish. We quote It In full:— Decadent Indeed wo are (though Horr Nordau says so), If to run about after exploded superstitions be a sign of de cadence. The times for fortune-tellers are Indeed palmy, nnd a charlatan will got a couple of guineas, Instead of a poor half-crown, for hor rigmarole. Miss Oxenford, author of "The New Chlrolngy" (which in the old Chiro mancy), disclaims superstition, but, If she does not believe In the Influence of the planets, wc fall to understand her book. The book is printed,' In green characters, by the Roxburghe Press, which, wc conceive, has nothing to- do -with the Roxburghe Club of Biblio philes. Mrs H. Hill, It appears, Is the Moses to whom Chlrology "owes Its exodus from the mists of superstition." Thai, there are truths in sunemtitlnn. Dr Mayo decided long ego; for example, witchcraft always dabbles In hypnotism nnd suggestion. Chlrology In so far true Ui at hands are indexes of charncter.nnd temper may he conjectured from bit ten nails. But Jupiter nnd Venus, freely referred to In .Miss Oxenford's book, cannot be proved to have any Influence on human character and for tune. The ancients named the stars at random, and then, inferring nature from name, assigned love nnd luck to persons born under Venus, and no forth. The A2tecs, and other races, giving other names to the same stars, reasoned nstrnlogically to other con clusions. all depending on the casual name of the star. Miss Oxenford still prattles about "thoso born under the Influence of Venus," as If Venus had any Influence at al).< That she, or any other star, rains Influence could only 1>c demon strated by statistics which have never been collected. Tho whole nonsense arises out of the Old Animism, which regards all things universally ns en dowed with life and consciousness and "Influence." stars among tho rc3t. To think that a man born under Venus will l>e lucky or amorous Is as sane as to think that a man named Fox will bo astute. The characters, complexions, eyes and fists of mankind, according to this altsurd theory, all depend on their natal stars. If so, what becomes of heredity ? A certain line "Indicates disappointment In love." Everybody, of course, has-been disappointed In love, wc know not whether everybody bears "the ring of Saturn," nor whether lawyers aro born under IJerscliel. It Is not easy, we read, to tell by the hand whether a person has been mar ried or not. But 11 Is easy and lucra tive, to assure ladles thnt they will make a good marriage, and ladles now run an much after this kind of informa tion as farm servants used to do at Halloween., "A star generally Indi cates a shock." If "on Saturn," It Indicates "danger of paralysis"; If'on a lino, danger in travelling." Any amount of this rigmarole !h gravely offered to a public on which reasoning Is thrown nway. Perhaps moat palmists only cultivate the art as un opening to flirtation. Yet there are professionals who find it remunerative. The gipsies. If we do not forget what Mr Lelnnd says about them, when they nre In earnest, make no pretence of rending lines In the hand, but stnrc at It as a hypnotic patient stares at a disk, work - themselves up into an imaginative state, and prophesy at random. One or two good shots, or predictions based on private Informa tion, render the wizard famous, and he, or she, docs very well till the police makes the archimoge move on. Stories of extraordinary successes with Royal Dukes or eminent actors are circulated ns advertisements, and business flows In till a new charlatan nrisos, who sees in a crystal, or works a planchette, or writes automatically : with both hands at once, or uses "tarots," or "scries" tn a cup pf tea, or foams at the mouth by aid of shaving- soap, ot turns a table like the old Neo- Platonists, or tweaks your nose in the dark, like the -humorous Neapolitan lady who has Just been exposed nt Cam bridge. But exposure does not hurt the charlatan, who has commonly a good exotiBc, nnd a world which likes deception goes on being deceived. Miss Oxenford gravely says that "a lightly-uttered. Ill-considered verdict may make or mar a whole life, and causa much misery," a warning to credulous young women who frequent fortune tellers nt bazaars. But on women, hew or old, Indignant sermonizing Is thrown away, and has been thrown away sinco tho days of Isaiah, who objected to divination and "maoult- lago" ns much as any man or prophet, and wns ns unsuccessful as any In his efforts to discountenance them. "Un successful liars, with characteristic Mercury nnd forked linos, havo gene rally littlo Imagination (Luna) and poor memories (shallow head-lines)." Wo do not need palmistry to loll us that liars should have good memories, but Luna has no more to say than ITeotib'a In the 'matter. However, these old fantasies will eternally delude that large portion of mankind which lacks "discourse of reason." Some super stitions are, nt least, romantic, and a ghost may "gar us a gruo," as tho Shepherd says, hut to pay large fees for systematic drivel, as the modern woman often does, Is to Illustrate the proverb about the fool and his money. 