THE STOBYTELLEB The Landlord at Lion's Head. By William Dean IIowells. CHAPTER LIV. The painter could not make out at first whether the girl her-elf wan pleased with tlie picture or not. and in his uncertainty he could not {rive it her at once, as lie had hoped and meant to do. It wan by a kind of accident that he found after wards that s-he had always been passionately proud of his having painted her. This was when lie returned from the la-t sojourn he had made in Paris, whither he went soon after the Whit wells settled in North Cambridge. He left the picture lehind him to be framed, and then sent to her with a letter ho had written, begging her to give it houseioom while he was gone. He got a btiff little note in reply after he reached Paris, aud he had not tried to continue the correspond ence. But as soon as he leturned he went out to see the Whitwells in North Cambridge. They were still iu their little house there. The young widower had married again ; but neither lie nor his new wife had car. d to take up their joint life in his first home ; and he had found Whit well such a good tenant that he had not tried to put up the rent ou him. Frank was at home now, with an employment that gave hiin part of his time for his theological studios. Cynthia had been teaching school ever since the fall after Westover went away, and they were all, as Whit well said, in clover. He was the only member of the family at home when Westover called in (he afternoon of a warm summer day, and he entirtained liiiu with a full account of a visit he had paid Lion's Head earlier in the season. ' Yes, sir,'' he said, as if he had already stated the fact, ' I've sold my old place there to that devil.' He^aid ' devil ' without the least rancour, with even a smile of good-will, and he enjoyed the astonishment Westover ex pressed in his demand : ' Sold Durgin your house ? ' ' Yes. I see we never wanted to go back there to live, any of us, and I went up to pass the papers and flute the thing out. Well, I did have an offer for it from a feller that wanted to open a boa'din' houso there, and get the advantage of Jeff's im provements, and I couldn't (-com to make up my mind till I'd looked the groiu.d over. Fust off, you know, I thought I'd sell to the other feller, because 1 could gee in a minute what a thorn it 'd be in Jeff's flesh. But, dumn it all ! wheu I met ti e comical devil 1 couldn't sec m to want to pester him. Why, here, thinks I, if we've made an cEcape from him — aud I guess wc have, about the liggest escjpo — what have i got agin him, any way ? I'd ought to feel good to him, and I guess that's the way I did feel, come to boil it down. He's got a way with him, yon know, when you're with him, that makes you like him. He may have a knife in your ribs the whole while, but so long's he don't turn it you don't seem to know it, atd you can't help liking him, as I said. Why, I hadn't been willi Jeff five minutes before I made up my mind to sell to him. I told him about tho other offer — felt bound to do it — and he was all on fire. ' I want that place, Mr. Whit well,' s'd he. ' Name your price.' Well, I wa'n't goin' to take an advantage of the fellor, and I guess he see it. ? You've offered me three thousand, ' «'d I, ' 'n' I don't want to be no ways mean about it. Five thousand buys the place.' ' It's mine,' s'd he, just like that. I guess he fee he had a gentleman to deal with, and we didn't say a word more. Don't you think I done right to sell to him ? I couldn't 'a' got morc'n thirty-five hundred out of the other feller to save me, and before Jeff begun his improvements I couldn't 'a' re alised a thousand dollars on the prop'ty.' ' I think you did right to sell to him,' said Westover, sadden**! somewhat by the proof Wbit well alleged of his magnanimity. ' Well, sir, I'm glad you do. I don't believe ui crowdin' a man because you got him iu a corner, an' I don't believe in bearin' malice. X-vcr did. All I wanted was what the place was wo'th — to him, 'Twan't wo'th nothin' to tne .' He's got the house and the ten acres round it, and he's got the land on the Lion's Head, in cludin' the cleariu' that makes the pootiest picnic ground in the mountains. Think of goin' up there this summer ? ' ' No,' said Westover, briefly. ' Well, I some wish you did. I sh'd like to know bow Jeff's improvements struck you. Of course, I can't judge of 'cm so well, but I guess he's made a pootty sightly think of it. He told Me he'd bad one of the leadin' Boston architects to plan the things out for him, ar.d I tell you he'6 got something nice. 'Tain't so big as old Lion's Head, and Jeff wants to cater to a different style of custom, anyway. The building longcr'n what she is deep, smd she spreads in front so's to give as many rooms a view of the mountain ae she can. Know what rannayBonse style is ? Well, that's the style Jeff said it was ; it's a1! pillars and pilasters, and you ride up to the office through a double row of colyutnns under a kind of portico. It's all painted like them old colonial houses down on Brattle-street, buff and white. Well it made mc think of one of th- m oJd pagan temples. He's got her shoved along to the soutli'aid, and he's widened out a piece of level fer her to stand on, so't that piece o' woods up the hill there is just behind her, and I tell you she looks nice backin' up agin st the trees. I tell you Jeff's got a head on him ! I wished you could tee that dinin'-room of his — all white colyumns, and fronlin' on the view. Why, that devil's got a regular little theaytre back of the dinin'-room tor tho young folks to act ammyture plays in, and the shows that come along, and he's got a dance hall besides. The parlours ain't much ; folks like to set in the office, and a good many of the rooms are done off into soots, and got their own parlours. I tell you, it's swell, as they say. You can order what you please fer breakfast, but fer lunch and dinner you got to take what Jeff gives you, but he treats you well. He's a Durgin when it comes to that. Served in cou'scs, and dinner at 7 o'clock. I don't know where he got his money fer 't all, but I guess he put ia his insurance first and then lie put a mortgage on the buildin'. He as much as owned it. Said he'd had a splendid season last year, and if he done as well for a couple of seasons more he'd have the whole prop'ty free o' debt.' Westover could see that the prosperity of the unjust man had corrupted the imagination and confounded the conscience of this simple witness, and he asked, in the hope of giving his praises cause, ' What has he done about the old family burying-ground in the orchard ? ' ' Well, there ! ' said Whitwell, ' tbat got mc more thin any one thing. I naturally expected that JciE'd had 'em moved, fer you know, and 1 know, Mr. Westover, that a place like that couldn't be very pop'la' with summer folks : tLey don't want to have anything to kind of make 'em serious, as you may say. But that devil got his architect to trtai the place, as he calls it and he put a high stone wall around it and planted it to Uishc6 and evergreens so't looks like a piece of old gat dm down there in the corner of the orchard ; and if you didn't hunt for it you wouldn't knew it was there. Jeff said 't when folks did happen to find it out he believed they liked it : they think it's pirturcfque and ancient. Why tome on \m wanted him to put up a little chapel alongside and have services there : and Jeff said he didn't know but he'd do it yet. He's got dark-coloured stones up fer Mis' Durgin aud Jackson, so't they look as old as any of 'em. I tell you, he knows how to do things.' ' It seems so,' said Westover, with a bitter ness apparently lost upon the optimistic pbilo6j pher. ' Yes, sir. I guess it's all worked out for the best. So long's he didn't marry Cynthy, I don't care who he married, and I guess he's made out first rate, and he treats his wife well, and his mother-in-law, too. You wouldn't hardly know they was in the house, they're so kind of quiet, and if a guest wants to see Jeff, he's got to send and ask for him ; cleikdoes everything, but I guess Jeff keeps an eye out, and knows what's goin' on. He's got an elegant soot of apart ments, and he lives as private as if he was in his own house, him and his wife. But wheu there's anything goin' on that needs a head, they've both right on dcck. ' He don't let his wife worry about things a great deal ; he's got a first rate of a housekeeper, but I guess old Mis' Vostrand keeps the housekeeer, as you may say. I hear some the boa'ders talkin' up there, and one of 'em said 't the great thing about Lion's Head was 't you could feel every - wheres in it that it was a lady's house. I guess Jeff has a pooty time, and a time 't suits him. He shows up on the coachin' parties, and he's got himself a reg'lar English coachman's rig, with boots outside his t route's, and a long coat, and fuzzy plug hat ; I tell you he looks gay. He don't spend his winters at Lion's Head ; he is off to Europe about as soon as the house closes in the fall, and he keeps bringin' home new dodges. Guess you couldn't get no boa'd there fer no seven dollars a week now. I tell you Jcfi's the gentle man, now, and his wife's about the nicest lady I ever saw. Do' know as I care so much about her mother ; do' know as I got anything ag'inst her either, very much. But that little girl, Bcechy, as they call her, she's a beauty. And round with Jeff all the while ! He seems full as fond of her as her own mother does, and that devil, that couldn't seem to get enough of It rmentin' little chi'drcn when he was a boy, is as good and gentTe with that little thing as— pie ! ' Whitwell seemed to have come to an end of his celebration of Jeff's success, and Westc ver asked, ' And what do you make now of planchettc's brckcu shaft business r Or don't you believe in planchette any more r ' Wliitwell's beaming face clonded. ' Well, sir, that's a thing that's always puzzled me. If it wa'n't tbat it was Jackson workin' planchette that night I shouldn't placed much dependence on what she said : but Jackson could get the truth out of her if anybody could. Sence I b'en up there I b'en figurin' it out like this : the broken shaft is the old Jeff that he's left off bein' ? ' Whitwell stopped midway in hi6 suggestion with an inquiring eye on the painter, who asked, ' You tbiuk he's left off being the old Jeff r ' ' Well, sir, you got me there,'' tin philosopher confessed. 'I didn't see anything to the con trary, but come to think of it ? ' ' Why couldn't the broken shaft be hi.s unful filled destiny on the old lines? What reason is there to believe he isn't what he's always been r ' Well, come to tliiuk of it ? ' ' People don't change in a day or a year,' Westover went on, ' or two or three j-ears even. Sometimes I doubt if they ever change.' ' Well, all that I thought,' Whitwell urged faintly against the hard scepticism of a man ordinarily 60 yielding and gentle, ' is't there must be a moral government of the univen-e iomeicheres, and if a bad feller is to get along and prosper hand over hand that way, dou't it lcok kind of as if ? ' ' There 'wasn't any moral government of the universe. Not the way I see it,' said Westover. ' A tree brings forth of its kind. As a man sows he reaps. It's dead sure, pitilessly sure. Jeff Durgin sowed success, in a certain way, and he's reaping it. He once said to me when I tried to waken his conscience that he should get where he was trying to go if he was strong enough, and being gooi had nothing to do with it. I believe now he was right. But he was wrong, too, as such a mau always is. That kind of tree bears Dead Sea apples after all. He sowed evil and he must reap evil. He may never know it, but he will reap what he has sown. The dreadful thing is that others must share in his harvest. What do you think r ' Whitwell scratched his bead. ' Well, sir, there's something in what you say, I gums. But, hnr! What's the use of thinkiu' a man can't change ? Wa'n't theie ever anything' in that oid idee of a change of heart ? What do you s'pose made Jeff let up on lhaJ. feller that Jombatesste see him have down that day in mj elearin' P What Jeff would natoh'ly doue would b'en to shake the life out of him ; but ho didn't. He let him up, and ho let him go. Whal'd the reason that wa'n't the beginnin' of a now life for him? ' ' We don't know all tho ins and outs of that business,' said Westover after a moment. ' I've puzzled over it a good deal. The man was the brother of that girl that Jeff had jilted in Boston. I've found out that much. I dou't know just the size aud shape of the trouble between them, but Jeff may have felt that he had got even with his enemy before that day. .Or he may have felt that nothing short of murder would satisfy him if he was going in for full satisfaction ; and there was Jombateeste looking on ? ' 'That's true,' said Whitwell, greatly daunted. After awhile he took refuge in the reflection, ' Well, he's a comical devii.' Westover said, with a sort of absence, ' Perhaps we're all broken shafts here. Perhaps that old hypothecs of another life, a world where there is room enough and time for all the beginnings of this to complete themselves ? ' ' Well, now, you're shoutin',' said Whitwell. ' Aud if plan chette ? ' Westover rose. ' Why, ain't you going to wail and see Cynthy ? I'm expectin' her along every minute now ; she's just gone down to Harvard square. She'll be awfully put out when she knows you've been here.' ' I'll come out again soon,' said Westover. ' Tell her ? '' ' Well, you must 6ee your picture, anyway. We've got it in the parlour. I don't know what she'll say to me keepin' you here in the settin'room all the time.' Whitwell h d him into the little dark front hall and into the parlour, less dim than it should have been beoaufe the afternoon sun was burning full upon its shutters. The portrait hung over the mantel in a bad light, but the painter could feel everything in it that lie could not see. ' Yes, it has that loak iu it,' he said. ' Well, she ain't took wing yet, I'm thankful to think,' said Whitwell, and he spoke from his own large mind to the sympathy of an old friend who he felt could almost tliarc his feelings as a father. CHAPTER LV. When Westover turned out of the baking little street where the Whitwells lived into an elm shaded stretch of North-avenue, he took off his hat and strtlled bare-headed alcng in the cooler air. He was ditappointcd not to have seen Cynthia, and yet he found himtelf huri ying away after his failure with a sense of escape, or at least of respite. What he had come to say, to do, was the effect ( Contimud on page llo'i.) We s 'over hurried forward and joyfully took the hand she gave Lim.— Chapter LV. of long experience and much meditation. The time had arrived when he could no longer feign to himself that hits feelings towards the girl were not those of a lover, but lie had his modest fears tbat she could never imagine him in that character, and tbat if he should ask her to do so he should shock and grieve her, aDd inflict upon himself an incurable wound. During this last absence of bis he had let his fancy dwell constantly upon her until life seemed worth having only if she would share it with him. He was an artist, and he had always been a Bohemian, but at heart he was Philistine and bourgeois. His ideal was a settlement, a fixed habitation, a stated existence, a home where he could work constantly in an air of affection, aud unselfishly do his part to make his home happy. It was a very simple-hearted ambition, aud I do not quite know how to keep it from appearing commonplace and almost sordid ; bat, such as it was, I must confess it was his. He bad not married liie model, because be was mainly a landscapist, perhaps, and he had not married any of bis pupils because he had not been in love with them — charming, and good, and lovely as he had thought some of them : and of late he bad realised more and more why bis fancy bad not turned in their direction. He perceived that it was already fixed, and possibly had long been fixed. He did not blink the fact that there were many disparities, and that there would be certain dis advantages which could never be quite overcome. The fact bad been brought rather strenuously home to him by his interview with Cynthia's father, lie perceived, as, indeed, he had always known, that with a certain imaginative lift in his thinking and feeling Whitwell was irreparably rustic, that he was. and always must be, practi cally Yankee. Westover was not a Yankee, and lie did not love or honour the typo, though its struggles against itself touched and amused him. It made him a little sick to hear how Whitwell had profited by Durgin's necessity, and had taken advantage of him with a consciousness and self applausive rapacity while he admired his pros perity, and tried to account for it by doubt of its injustice. For a moment this seemed to liim worse than Durgin's conscienceless toughness, which was the antithesis of Whit well's remorseless self interest. For tbe moment tliis claimed Cynthia of its kind ; and Westover beheld her rustic and Yankee of her father's type. If she was not that now, she would grow into that through the lapse from the personal to the ancestral, which we all undergo in the process of the years. Tbe sight of her face as.he had pictured it, and of tbe soul wbich be Ivad'THjjigined for it., restored him to a better sense of her, but be felt the need of escaping from the suggestion of her father's presence, and taking farther thought. Perhaps he should never again reach the point that he was aware of deflecting from npw ; he filled hislnngs with long breaths, which he exhaled in sighs of relief. It might have been a mistake ou the spiritual as well as the worldly side ; it would certainly not have promoted His career ; it might have impeded it. These misgivings flitted over the surface of thought that more profoundly was occupied with a question of other things. In the lime since he had seen her l ist it might very well be that a young and pretty girl had met someone who had taken her fancy ; and he could not be sure that lier fancy had ever been his, even if this had not happened. He had no proof at all that she ever cared or could care for him except grate fully, resjjectfuliy, almost reverentially, with that mingling of filial and maternal anxiety which had hitherto been the warmest expression of her re gard. He tried to reason it out and could not. He suddenly found himself bitterly disappointed that he had missed seeing her, fer if they had met he would have known by this time what to hope. He felt old, he felt fully 36 years old, as he passed his hand over his crown, whose gossamer growth opposed so little resistance to his touch. He had begun to lose his hair early, but till then he bad not much regretted his baldness. He entered into a little question of comparative ages, which led him to the conclusion that Cynthia must now be about 25. Almost at the same moment be saw her coming up the walk towards him from far down the avenue. For a reason, or rather a motive of his own, he pretended to himself that it was not she, but he knew instantly that it was, and he put on his hat. He could see that she did not know him, aud it was a pretty thing to witness the recogni tion dawn on her. When it had its full effect he was aware of a pause, a flutter, a pause in her whole figure, before she came towards him, and he hurried bis pace for the charm of her blushing, beautiful face. It was tbe spiritual effect of figure and face that he had carried in his thought ever siuce he had arrived at that one-sided intimacy through his study of her for the picture be had just seen. He had often had to ask himself whether he had really perceived Or only imagined the character be had translated into it. But here, for the moment ut least, wa6 what he had seen. He hurried for ward and joyfully took the hand she gave him. He thought he should speak of that at once, but it was not possible, of course. There had to come first the unheeded questions and answers about each other's health, and many other commonplacrs. He tiu ned and walked home with her, and at the gate of the little ugly house she asked him if he would not come in and take tea with them. Her father talked with him 'while she got tea, and wheu it was ready her brother came in from his walk home out of Old Cambridge and helped her put it ou the table. He had grown much taller tliau Westover, aud he was very ecclesiastical in his manner — more so than he would be piobably if he ever became a bishop, Westover decided . Jombateeste, in an iuterval of suspended work at the brickyard, was paying a visit to his people in Canada, and Westover did not see him. All the time, while they sat at table and talked together, Westover realised more and more tbat, for him at least, the separation of the last two years had put that space between them which alone made it possible for them to approach each other ou new ground. A kind of horror, of re pulsion, for her engagement to Jeff Durgin had ceased from bis sense of her : if was as if she had unhappily married, and the man wlo had been unworthy and unkind was like a ghost who could never come to trouble his joy. He was more her contemporary he found than formerly ; she had grown a great dealin the past two year?, and a certain affliction which her father's fixity had given him concerning her passed in the assurance of change which she herself gave him. She had changed her world and grown to it, but her nature had not changed. Even her look had not changed, and he told her how he had seen his picture in her at the moment of their meeting in the street. They all went in to verify his im pression from the painting. ' Yes, that is the way you looked.' ' It seems to me that is the way I felt,' she . assented. Frank went about the housework and left her to their guest. When Whitwell came back from the post office, where he said he should only be gone a minute, he did not rejoin Westover and Cynthia iu the parlour. The parlour door was shut. He had risked his fate, and they were talking it over. Cynthia was not suie ; she was sure of nothing but that there was no one in the world she cared for so much ; but she was not sure that was enough. She did not pretend that she was surprised ; she owned that she had sometimes expected it ; she blamed herself for not expecting it then. Westover said that be did not blame her for not knowing her mind ; he had been fifteen years learning his own fully. He asked her to take all the time she wished. If she could not make su.re after all, be should always be sure tbat she was wise and good. She told him everything there was to tell of her breaking with Jeff, and he thought the last episode a supreme proof of her wisdom and goodness. After a certain time they went for a walk in the warm summer moonlight under the elms, where they had met on the avenue. ' I suppose,' she 6aid, as they drew near her door again, ' that people don't often talk it over as we've done.' ' We only know from the novels,' he answered. ' Perhaps people do, oftener than is ever known ; I don't see whv they shouldn't.' ' No.' ' I've never wished to be sure of you so much as since you've wished to be sure of yourself.' ' Aud Pve never been so sure as since you Were willing to let me,' said Cynthia. ' I am glad of that. Try to think of me, if that will help my cause, as someone you might have always known in this way. We don't really know each other yet. I'm a great deal older than you, but still I'm not so very old.' ' Oh, I don't care for that. All I want to be certain of is that the feeling I have is really — the feeling.' ' I know, dear,' said Westover, and his heart surged toward her in his tenderness for her simple conscience, her wise question. ' Take time. Don't hurry. Forget what I've said — or no ; that's absurd ! Think of it, but don't let anything but the truth persuade you. Now, good-night, Cynthia.' ' Good-night, Mr. Westover.' ' Mr. Westover ? ' he reproached her. She stood thinking as if the question were crucial. Then she said, firmly, ' I should always have to call you Mr. Westover.' ' Oh, well,' he returned, ' if that's all ! ' The End. 