F I L L D S O F F A I R R E N O W N . Published by special arranganad toUh Messrs Ward, Loet f Bowdert, JAd. [ALL RIGHTS feESERVED] CHAPTEE nr. BOW MERLIN POUND HELEW.GR»NVILLE. By Joseph Mocking, inthorof "All Men a re Liars," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," Ac. '. : For a few minutes Merlin Bosevearstood pmidst the prostrate forms.in flespaar he lay at his feet. It wesiev^Mh^aa! ^ott had esia, there was no air; ' After breathing a short timb, they had consumed all the oxygen, and.'like the people in the Black Hole of Calcutta, they became suffocated; that was why he breathed with so much difficulty, and why the candle burnt so dimly when he entered The fool-air had a difficulty in escaping-, and'the purer atmosphere the same difficulty in entering. Had he reached them half-an-hour before, it might have been different; bnt he had done hiB best. He began to lookaroundthecavernagain. It was only partly filled^riththe hnge pile of rocks which had fallen from "the backs." Jt might be that at the other end of the cave others knight be lying—the might be lyiiR- . With a shudder he picked his way among the prostrate forms, until he came to adark corner; then he gave a cry, for, witti her head supported by a piece of rock, crouched the girl he had seen the Saturday before. Her face was strangely white, and her eyes were closed. Hear her was the gentleman he recognised as her father. He, too, lay stiff and stark, while close by him was Captain Kent, He took Miss Granville's hand in his; they were cold as death. Then he knelt down, and placed his ear over her heart. He heard it beating! Yes, it beat, slowly and ftebly, but life was not ertin'ct. Perhaps — perhaps all might be saved. The place was now filling with better air, and he remembered that a man spoke to him dot long before his candle went out In his excitementand disappointment at not seeing Miss Granville, he had forgotten this; but it might be that-this man, at least, could be restored. What couldhe do P It was a strange, situation, and lie was almost incapable of thinking coherently. Still, a great joy filled his 'heart,' in spite of the fact that he saw still, prostrate forms' lying all around him. She was not'dead 1 He placed his ear over her heart again. Yes, it beat more strongly. She would live! He went back to the hole he had made,' and felt the slight cnixent of air that came through; then he looked around for the man that lay nearest the hole. He had no difficulty in discovering which had signalled to him. Even no w & pick lay in his-hands. He took one of the miner's hands in his. Tes, he too, was alive. He was not too late after all—at least, to save some. His plan now was to harry out, and tell what he had done and seen; then a party of miners would come to the rescue. Yes; that must be his method of procedure. His eyes turned towards the end of the cave where Miss Granville lay. No, he could not leave her; he could not. She might die if left there; besides, suppose she-came to consciousness, and found nothing but darkness 'and the still forms of the entombed miners ! No; he could not leave her in such a way. The men did not matter so much; they 'would not mind 60 much. Besides,'he couldleaye one of his candles burning, and they would know what to do. - But- he dared not_leave. her. • 4 "" " . He tried to discover if her father was alive, but could not be sure; he was too distracted to judge correctly. Besides, the forms of the miners lying around him presented a ghastly spectacle, and he felt like crying out in fear. His overstrained nerves were giving way. He was not far from madness. Scarcely knowing what he was doing, but possessed by a great longing to save Miss Granville, he took her in his arms and earried'her towards the hole through which he had come, and then with great difficulty lifted her through it. When he was alone with her in the next cave a great joy surged through his heart. He possessed this beautiful girl! He longed to kiss her cold lips and icall her endearing names; but something;'he icould not tell what, forbade him doing so. Perhaps her very unconsciousness was a sentinel which guarded her. His head throbbed wildly, and his limbs trembled beneath him, but as if imperilled fcj an overmastering force, he prepared to carry her through "thegloomy level out into the light. She lay perfectly passive in his arms. She might have been dead for all the movement shemade. So still was shfe t hat Kerliniin fear,put his hand to her heart again, toutlife was not extinct. The heart was still' beating—feebly, itis true, but the young man knew she was alive. He took his coat from lils hack, tore it into strips,'and with the stripe made a kind of rope, which he fastened around his shoulders. -Then he took the young girl in his arms, after Much he fastened the rope around her body'insuch a wayas to keep her weight from falling so much on her arms. After this lie staggered slowly down the'level, bearing the burden for which he felt he would have died. " It was a strange experience. His footsteps echoed along the level, while the candle on the top of his hat cast a flickering light all around, so that shadows eeemed to come out of the darkness as if to mock him.. But he grew bolder at each step. He was nearing the light, and- surely—eurelyliewasEaving the young girl for whom he had conceived such an ardent love! When he hadseen her in the cave near the forms of the miners, and thought her dead, it seemed as'though life had lost its -meaning. He' never realised till then how he loved her; and now as he carried her on to the light, his strength seemed to increase, 1 for great hopes surged within his breast. Presently he came-to the spot where he had placed a candle,'and .where the level had changed jtB course. -Here; too, a pile of stuff had fellen, «Jid -the- passage was ; ground. did so, and he saw her eyelids quiver. - She was coming back:to-life. • For the first time he realised 'his own^ personal appearance. His ^Icrtbes'-wftre badly tom.his jacket-had been torn'into Btripe, 60 that he might the more-easily: ...... ji in.*. H«f»lt±be blnodjm^ttej^J^t. trickle do"Km*fiisface '•B^n^hM lianflBBr-" chief was tied acrosstas foreheadto cover the wound that had been made there. " He was almost afraid for her to be restored to consciousness- just then ; the eight of hira might frighten her. ; Btfll, better that she should open her eyeBto the living than to the dead. He began to chafe her hands. " You are getting tetter," he said. She opened hereyes, and looked around her like one in a- dream. " Yon are getting 1>etter," he repeated. "Where am lr' IShe said this like those who talk in their sleep. She was only half conscious of her existence. "You met with an accident,"he said. " Don't you remember ? You went underground with your father and Captain Kent, and the ground fell,; while you escaped to the open plaoe atthe end of the leveL" She shuddered. " I remember," die said, " Where's my father V -..- v'.' , " I hope he is all right,*' replied Merlin, " but I am trying to get yon totheppen air." ' • . •'. "But how did you get to us? Captain Kent said there could be no <&anoe; of iieing rescued for days, and then we had a difficulty in breathing, and' then—"' She shuddered again.' • "I heerdofthis level-^heard thatit led up close to the place where the ground fell in. I Thntwashow But lean tell you another time." ": "But who are-you? Thereis blood on your face. You are wounded." " That is nothing'. My name ,is Merlin Epsevear. I -passed yon last Saturday evening.; DonT; you remember? It was not far from Creekavose gate." *' Yes.Iremember, But—-but-the cave inwhichwewere entombed was blocked in on every hand. How did you get to'me ?" " Oh, that was easy." I had a pick; and dug towards yon. You see, I.kno withe mine, and no one but myself laieif about this level but «ld AbrahainiB^axds." "And how far is my father and the others away from here?" £he asked, anxiously. '' " Abouta. hundred fathoms." —-" Ajid-hgw-came I here ? "* ; "J^rl-csrried yon," he iaid. • SHeVlookod at him in a .way which he could n<it understand, and -was silent. "I will'Temove these stones'," he-said, " and then'we shall be able to get through this h61£; after that weshall soon , get to Hie openair." *•'.-."- - She aidriot speak, and Merlin made tbe passage througnwhich .he had come some time before sufficiently large for her.to get through with comparative ease. " l thinkyou can get through now," he said. "But my father ? " she asked, anxiously. " Pure aii is -now entering the place' where they are lying," .be Baid. " I think they may .have recovered bythie." " But you will send help ? " " As'soon as ever you are out." "Ndt before?" " Not unless I leave you here alone. I have no one to send. I came alone." Again Bhe shuddered as if in-fear. " Let us-get out quickly," she said. "I will-go irst," he said. "You can take my -hand, and I will hielp you through.". She gasped his hand eagerly, and a few minutesiater they were in the'level which ran in' a~nearly straight line to the open valley. _ ; '" There is not room for two of us to walk abreast," he ,-said. " I will go .first, and, you can follow me." - Let. me hold fast to your hand," she said, timidly. - He held «nt his hand, -and then staggered along'-the level. ' How far. is it to the end ? " she asked. About a hundred fathoms," he -said. And how long -will it take as to reach there ? " she 'asked. I do "not vknow," he said. ** I—T jam' afraid I can:do .no more for you. I—I think Iain ilL" He stumbled heavily forward as he spoke, and in amoment more fell to the ground, his head bong supported-by the side of the level againstrwhich he lay.. -" Go straight on, and you will :find your way out," teEeaid, faintly. "Then go to tho engihe^hift and tell—tell " He said no .more, for he became unconscious. His overstrained nature at last gave way, and he was no longer able to do what he- had ventured so much to accom- plish.- For a tame the young girl seemed too stunned to know what to do. Then she remembered that her only means of helping him and saving her father was to find her way to the valley, as he had suggested. It was terrible to leave him alone in the darkness, and yet it was the only thing she could do. * ' She -clasped ins -hands, but they lay perfectly limp. She-took the candle from his hard ""hat-cap.^-Aifd tried to examine the wound on his he&d;/hut she soon realised that she couldno good in this way. It seemed sin ungfeaclous thing to leare hiin there, bufc itinightije long ttefore he recovered, and there was no other means of helping him.;jBtegbndjered at thethonght of finding iier wayalon^the; level alone, but it was the way, not only to her own safety, bnt to-tl^t of others. From his waiBtcoat hung another candle, the last he liad. - It was twisted and broken, but she. took it- from-him, and in spite of her past terrible experience lit it with a fairly steady hand. Then holding the light in her hand, and with a strange yearning look towards Merlin, she groped along the level. At last her heart gave a great leap, for away in front of her was light, the light of day. It was only a faint streak, but it was different from the yellow light of the candle. With a cry of joy she hastened forward, and yet the cry she gave was half <i sob, for her heart was sore at the thought of leaving her rescuer alone in the silence of. the dark tunneL Still it was her only' means of saving -him. She could not help him by staying at his side. At least so she thought. .i . V With maifr a - feax, and fast-beating heart, she straggled towards the light, and a few minutes later she crept out of the dark leveling the light. It was evening, and the brightness of the day was. fast departing, hut to her, after more five hours of den Be darkness, it wajB glaring. At first she looked around her, .not real ising where she was. The thought of her past experience and her safety seemed to daze her. She felt faint and dizzy too, bnt by a supreme effort of the will she mastered herself. Then she bathed her forehead in the stream which ran close to where she stood, and after drinking of the cold water, ehe felt better. No sooner, however, did her strength begin to return to her, than she realised the peril Of "those she hadlfeft.and remembering Merlin*e -words, she hurried towards the engine-shaft. :As I Baid,- the shBdea of evening were now gathering, And .she had a-difficulty in -finding hnr way to the spot, where a group of people etill remained, waiting fornewB from those who hid gone underground. -Jt was -a' .sorrowftil gathering- which .btood toy the -engine-house, and cot one of the Bad-eyed. watchers spoke aloud. They seemed - afraid. In subdued tones they talked one- to another, shaking their ieads when they spoke 'of the mission. upon which a dozen miners had gone. < TherecaSant be no chance," said one. . Noj Siiii Trcacott do ray ifil -tsake 4ays to git to-'em. Poor B6tty Martin J an'- if II be a wisht Sunday for she when it" -iilo'eome. Twb of her ;Ji<x>ys«nd herjould 5 man tooked away iu a minnit. Aw, : 4m terrible 'aixL" - - i " •" Iss/'-itjJied another;'. we must'aU pray for hei.> Thfrlioaid is tile &&er;'of the fatherless," end- lie husband of the. , ".Asd e^'^t et'teng>l6'4io6 that -Squire Gtan^lleradflieyom^laady^hud'a'fione down/ateuck ja time.- y^It^iPudden'- J a'' bin do^ tnor^S^iounxor eo.afortrthay WCTe botfiisilad.x \ • . ... •« Ibb"; and "«he' did=Beem so peart aaa ~plea£«nt-toors Look," "who's that comin' runuih*?" - • . : -" "Tes a maid of some sort. Who^an it he?" Dunnaw, Fm sure; tut ehe'e comin' this way.' - -- -'. . , . • "Aw, dear 1 , but'twill be awful wxsht.to be ^bouthere at nights now. Oidr spirits may take to hauntin' the plaace." __ •• ]jook there,ainaides comin'-'ere.; Why, tes like that Miss Granville." "So tes—wjby tes she!" . , , "But it oaan'tbeshe—whyshe's—law! it caan't be her Bpirit, can it ?" For a miiinte ttiey were all held by one belief that the visitor waB not human, and a great fear tiept into their hearts. " Tes ®he-4es she^: .Lo<i,«he Ve got the same <Jothear«nly- she ain't a ,got .no 'at, and her-hair es streunin' down her back, "She's come back for some purpose, prap's to tell ns sometliin% like Betsy Knighfe booy coined to hea ' Tnttwther when iiie Vaa browned. Air. '«re's Siah Trnscott. Siah, you're a prayer laider—speak to 'er mydear, epaik to her^proper, my-dear.., She Mtaft] hurt a'prayer lalder. and a man of The younggirloame up dowly, for her etxength Vas -now neaily jgone. -She ^S palo to the lips.andherjeyes wereshining ^ ^ anrainatairBl Ughfei'SmicameElospto the excited group, -and then stopped' " Help," she aud. " In the naame of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; who "be yon ?" said Siah Truscott, solemnly. " Help," she repeated. " But who be you T' repeated the miner, witd trembling -voice. "I am Helen Granville," she replied. " Come and help." " Doan't be lured away with a spenit," said an old woman-who stood by. «• Be you in the flesh or in the sperrit ?" asked Siah. To him it was impossible that she should have escaped. There was, he thought, no other way that anyone could come than by the engine-shaft, while she came from the -valley; and to the Cornishman, reared in an atmosphere of superstition, this must be the spirit of the young girl, who was either the sport of Satan, or else come with a message from the dead. "Fve escaped," she slid, excitedly. "A !young man, called Merlin Bosevear, came to us, and has helped me ont. But he lies in the level unconscious. Come and help. Bring stretchers and all may be saved. My father is there—oh! do come quickly." \- But how "ded *ee git out ?" said Siah Truscott, excitedly. " There's no other way than fay the injin-ahaft." " Yes, that young man knew of an old level. A man called Abraham Bichards told him." Lev me fed yer hand.to'be «pre you be tellin' the' truth," said the old woman, Betsey Flew by name. The young girl "held out her hand, and cried piteously, "Don't -wait; come at trace!" "Her 'and es warm and plum" (soft); cried Betsey.- "The : maid do tell the truth."- Hurrah V' cried some. Praise the Lord!", said others more religiously inclined. • "I was wonderin* where Merlin vm," said Siah, " and liow—:—" Come!" cried Helen Granville, " don't wait." " Tell us what you do -knaw," cried Siah. and we'll come, but we do want to' knaw. what tilings to take." Bapidly she told her story, and a few minutes later a shout of joy echoed through the evening air, while the men hurried to the valley, and Betsey, with tottering footsteps, went to the cottages to tell the story. When they-came to the level, Siah Truscott,-who became the leader of the band, asked one of the men to take Helen Granville home, but ehe TefuBed. No!" she said, "* I will go Withyou. See I am strong, and I -want to get - to my father." No further resistance was made; andthey entered the leveL r • How fur up. did 'ee laive Merlin then, miss ?" said one.of the men He said we were about a hundred fathoms from -the mouth of the level," she said, and again they toiled forward. " It was juBt. here," she said presently, looking -around; "I know it was about here. I remember this rock." Each man carried a candle, and thus the level was lit up brightly. But he edn' 'ere now, minis." Here's his hat-cap," said another, "and a candle. Where can he be Aw, and this 'es blood upon this stone, too." The young girl looked eagerly around, but nowhere could Merlin Boseve&r; be CHAPTER IV. APTEB THE ACCEDE NT. For a few seconds there was a silence, then Siah Truscott said, "Hemay be gone out, mates. Perhaps he got better sooner thantheyonng laady thought he would, and corned out by hisself." But why ded 'a laive hes candle and hat cap ?" said another. " Perhaps he've gone on to the place where the ground have falled in," added a third; perhaps he's" thinkin' to help ont the others." Agreatfear laid hold of Helen Granville's heart; "We ought to have seen him if he came out," ehe said, ** he must have gone back to the place where the rest are. Perhaps he's trying to help my father. Come let us go on." She did not realise that she" was doing a strange thing in being with these men alone in an old disused leveL The-circum- 6tances of the case drove away all such thoughts; neither did she realise any fear. The thought of her father lying in the darkness, and the fact that she had been rescued from an awful peril by one who had mysteriously disappeared drove a way sncha possibility. Her strength was sustained by a great excitement, and so she urged the miners on to action. They went on until they came to the heap of rubbish that had fallen in the level, and again stopped; <• Listen,". she said, excitedly. Every miner stood still, scarcely daring to breathe,while from the cross-cub close by there came a sound like-a moan. Without thinking^he hurried towiirds the spot from where theeound came, antd then started back in fear,for Merlin Bosevear lay on the ground,'his head in a pool, of his own blood. He've a killed hisself, sure 'nough/'said Siah Truscott; ."see the great gash in his brow!" Then Helen Granville's unnatural strength gave way, she felt as though streams of icy water were passing through her veins instead of warm blood, the forms of the miners around her became dim and ghoBtiy. She- heard a sound like the roaring of many waters in her ears, and then she remembered no -more. -. When she woke to consciousness she was lying in her own bed, in her "own room. The morning Bunlight streamed into the room, while the birds sang merrily ou the "trees which surrounded the house. For a time she could not think coherently, she had a confused memory of gloomy caverns, and strange pathways, but nothing was real to her.. Presently, however, 6he remembered the past, but even now it seemed to be lather a ghastly -nightmare through which she had' passed than a reality. Stall she knew it was more than a dream.' "The fact of her going with her father tO'themine.-and the descent into the Shaft- were real enough, it was the terrible experiences which lollowed.that seemed so tagne. bnt she knew they had tak en place. The door of her room opened, acid an old servant entered.. My father^ Hannah?" she saiil. If 6 all right, iGss Helen, he's home all -safe and sound." A great-sob of relief escaped her, then— And that young man who Brand us; [Hannah ? . Have you heard about-him Thedoctor came from himabout an hour •ago. He's very ill." • But he will get Tietter ?" The doctor hopesso;Miss Helen; but lie fears concussion of the brain, on brain fever. He has-an awful'wound :in the head. But you are better. Ton were coming around last niglit, just afher you .were ^brought home, bat the doctor gave ^you some sleeping medicine," so tha t you might not wake until—ah, here's the> doctor coming. The-village surgeon entered as she spoke. A little dapper man lie was, one appare ntly of no particular skill, but evidently possessing «. large modicum of common-sense. He looked kind, too, and : just the person , an Invalid might trust. " Ah.MiBS Granville,"he Baid,cheeifully, withShat western accent peculiar to Cornish people, "and so you're awake- at last!' Well, you are all right, and :cnted the desire to go -underground, for,a bit,. -ah? I don't think you'll do for a miner,I' 1 tally don't." j" Andmj my father——:??.••-,' !• •:.; '. '' .- .. — — - Don't trouibleaTbjt ^btrat him. All that were in the «a.v» .wiUi r'thirik pull through, too. It was lucky Merlin Sosevear came so-soon,not abit too eoon, though, from all I can hear." - , " And howis iiie, JJoctor Hawke ?' 1 Doesn't my name*£tme "well?" heeaid, j yptiiA laugh, "«r'jit I jjuBt like a^jind tot prey, eh?" patting hfe round,^$&ffi; oured face, npon which in spite of" 7 shadow of doubt rested. " He's 1 can'be expected, Miss Granvillej - must have gone through some stri . periences, and he has a nasty cut-in head. He has lost much blood, ~ well pull hiin through I hope, worry. He behaved like a hero; an; he added, after a pause. " Yes, he saved us all." "He did;indeed; but if I -were, wouldthink no more about it. I've'ordi a special breakfast for you, and—— " But, doctor, you thinkyoung Bo«e' will live?" " I hope so, IH do my best. 1 Wi lucky that old Abraham Bichards shoi have told hi™ about the level. -That" man seems to know everything about ing. He was away all day yesterday, didn't get home till late at night, and iiS told me about the talk he. had with: Merlin." . "Ido hope, oh,I do hope he will- g«4 better," she said in a husky voice. ';? ' Dr Hawke knew it would be no "use telling her again not to think about the youn£: man who had delivered her, her mind-was^ now too full of the accident; so he talked atf pleasantly about it ss he could. -. " He's a fine young fellow Is Bosevear,' ^ he said, cheerfully," he's more brains thsja -any one in the parish, parson and- d included. If he has a fair chance make his mark in the world."' " He's a miner, is he not?" .- " He's the mine clerks buir-he won't main in thatposition long. He has lite t&Btes;, and for a young countryman read veiy widely. 1 asked him to lei read one of his stories one Tday, -and al ; thbugh it was crudely written, and satf" wanted touching up, it had a great deal power. Youmusttalkwith-him whffli gets better, Miss Granville.. He is rathi proud, but-hell be-delighted for .yon. to speak kindly to him. "You ought to,46"o." "Oh, he has .literary ambitions?" "she said, inn. tone of interest. ' * ; " Yes; I believe he kept it quiet as long' as he conld, but hiB- mother told eome 'women about it, and then—well you know-! what then," and the little .doctor laughed; "But I must not talk too long to; you, Miss Granville," continued the little maq, " your pulse is beating. far too fast, and your eyes are shining far too brightly. There, your special breakfast is coming,, and mind you take what 1 have ordered.. Don't trouble about anything, for really everything is going on all right. Good morning. Fll call again in the afternoonl" •And he noiselessly left the room. Helen Granville did not'obey the doctor's) orders with regard to the breakfast. She -was far too excited. Again and again the sound of the falling rocks and the cracking of timber rang in her ears, while the cry of the miners as they rushed towards the cave -was terrible to think about. Still, all was well. Through the bravery of one young man all had been saved; through him she was lying in her own comfortable bed, instead of entombed in the mine. Through the morning she thought much of Merlin BAsevear. Naturally. She remembered passing him a' we3k~before in the lane, and thinking what astriking looking fellow be was. The thought of him in the level, howevier, while the candles of. the miners revealed him lying with his head in a pool of hie own blood, was not pleasaut to contemplate. Still he was better, the doctor said, and would probably recover. Should she go and see him? It seemed her duty, and she would ask Dr Hawke when he came again. As the hours'passed away she caught herself fancying what kind of stories and poems he wrote. She would like to Bee them. Thoughts like these led her to forget to an extent the experiences of the day before, so that when Dr Hawke came about five o'clock he said Bhe might -get up And go into her father's room. Mr Granville whs doing well; he said,"'but'his nerves had been terribly shaken, and so must have Quietness for a day or two. And Mr Bosevear, doctor ? " she asked,, anxiously. " Oh, he will pull through, but he must be kept quiet for at least a week. I can allow no -visitors until that time." " After that, do you think I ought to call?" . Yes, I think you might." " And mearfwhile, I — I hope he has everything necessary ? " "The Bosevears are very respectable people," replied the doctor, divining her meaning," very frugal, saving people, and are in a position to get all he needs. Besides the villagers are -very kind. Still I think that any delicacy sent from this house, sent in the same spirit as yon might send to the Bectoiy, or to Trebarton Manor, would be "kindly received.' The Bosevears are proud," he added, after a pause. To be Continued. 