THOMAS JATtVlS INTERYIE WED. On Thursday afternoon; our representative made his way to the humblo homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, •15 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby,~and'his iaco' declnrcd him. to be due of the happiest men in Sydney. • He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a criti cal illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear | that he was nn invalid on the rapid road to conval escence.' . •' "• ' 1 In reply to the preliminary questions, he said .1 " You1 want to know ..all about my case 1. Well, I an» "glad; of an: opportunity to toll you. ^The facts may be of value.those who are stiioken as I was," •; ■ ■' " How long were you suffering " Well twelve months ago I' got so ,' bad that I had to v;,IiBAvk off wobk, and I have *lone' nothing since then. About-fivo I years ago, next Christmas, I met with nu accident • ( I,was badly scnlded whilo tnking:a; bhth jln Pitt' '.1 street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in 1 failing health, and after four years of gradual devel opment of the malady, I was forced to give up luy billet at the Glebe Island " " What were the symptoms." •' .Simply indesciibuble. The pains ware some tiling terrible. They were just about as much ns I could bear. They were for all the woild like as if a BAW tt'UItlC CUTTING MY BONISS in two in every part.of me, I had no control over my bowels or bladder, nnd was n nnifnnco to vnyfelf nnd everyone else. 1 was inccss .ntly hhivcriiif; nnd nlmhinc, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23 rd .March lust I saw n well-known doctor, nnd ho told me thnt my ease w;is utterly hopeless. However, he t»ave me an order to the Director of Chnritable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order?" ■ " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever sincc. Five weeks ago L could not wnlk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I t it then that it was ALL OVEB WITH MB, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor wbb attending me, and did all he could, by opium and -morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. X was under him for five or six we-iks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from 1 ocomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for tcu yearB, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasp *d at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing tho euro effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I rend in tho "Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. 1 deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and SUNT FOR A BOX, able to eat and sleep as though nothing wore tho matter with mo. It was the (hat appetite-and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. limine, diately left the bed au'l was able to move about. I I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills dui ing 'the past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box. I CAN WALK ADODT Tho effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was ivith the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but •surely, recovering my former vigor aod vitality. You see those crutches there ? They were made for me before I got the Pink l'ills, but I was too weak to use them, and now 1 don't want them, AH I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it, You see I am rapidly regaining my strengeb." "Hois 100 per cent, better." said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in nud taken the baby on her kneoB, " The Pink Pills have SAVBD HIS LIPK. and made another man of him," A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than ho did ' n fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have~a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in tny legs. If I keep on going the way l am, 1 hope to be able to work in two months' time I feel that I shall then be well enough to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to bo in tho very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. 1 am BETTER TO-DAY than I have boen at any timo during tlio past five • years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink .Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no | pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. Oa the mantelpiece there is a box of OPIUM AND MORPHIA pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows mo has been amazed at the change in me. They can hnrdly believe, their eyes- My .being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Having wished Mr. Jarvis. ^continued speed towards recovery our representative withdrew. 