ENGLAND AND ARMENIA. Turks Quote Ireland. Now that the severity of the Venezue lan crisis has somewhat abated, the horrors of Armenia, in Lord Uosebery'B powerful phrase, again haunt the public conscience. Horrors in truth they are, notwithstand ing the categorical denial of the mass acres which Zekki Pasha, a Turkish cabinet minister, gives in an interview. The SaBSOiin affair is the only serious dis turbance which the Sultan's Minister con fesses to, and even that he attributes to the initiative of the bloodthirsty Arme nians. Zekki Pasha talks vaguely of a widespread revolutionary movement for autonomy amongst the Christians through out Armenia. Zekki Pasha is on safer ground when, in an admirable lu quoque he goes on to taunt England with hefc misrule of this country. The ghost of Irish wrongs is certainly rising up in un expected quarters of the globe. Even at Constantinople- it is recognised that Eng land has no moral authority, in view of her past dealings with this country, to censure any tyrant. Zekki Pasha shows knowledge and no little astuteness when he flings Ireland in the teeth of England. Lord Salisbury will recognise the defep lying truth of the challenge. We regret that it is not possible to credit Zekki Pasha's statement in reference to the character and extent of the Armenian atrocities. That it is probable he haft been deceived we willingly admit. Cer tainly his denials of the massacres are false in every particular. The evidence from every source is too overwhelming and too detailed to admit of a moment's doubt before an impartial tribunal. We refer our readers to the bloodcurdling article in the Januaty Contemporary Re view from the pen of Dr. E. J. Dillon. Dfc Dillon was sent out, it will be remem bered, by the Daily Telegraph to report on the Armenian massacre*;. He relates in the contribution to the Contemporary what he saw and -heardj and he justly stigma tises the butcheries as "a series of the hugest and foulest c'rhnes that have ever stained the pages of human history." Be side this narrative of a competent eye witness the smug satisfaction of Zekki Pasha with the Armenian situation is appalling in its callousness. The tragedy of the Armenian situation is England's inaction. Lord Salisbury has paltered with the unhappy Armenians in a double sense. He has in the most cowardly manner shirked a responsibility which, except to those who will not see, is as-clear as noonday. He has shame lessly boasted of his skill in bringing about a concert of the European powers when now it is quite patent that no concert of the kind at any period existed. In an evidently inspired article, vaguely for shadowing anti-English comlnnatioms as a cover for this Bbameful retreat, the Standard confesses as much. " There exists no obligation," writes our Tory contemporary, " either textual or moral, to wage war on Turkey in connection with Armenia; and all attempts to show that there does can be made momentarily successful only by the arts of sophistry sind garbling." It is satisfactory to think that Tory chicanery and treason to a pal pablfe duty are like to Teact most unfavor ably on English influence and prestige. Lord Salisbury has already succeeded within little over half a year in isolating England both in Europe and the Far East. His desertion of the Armenian^ will have a not dissimilar issue in the Near East. The remarkable rumors of a secret alliance between' Russia and Turkey, founded on an undoubted recent rapproche ment between the. Porte and the Czar; startling as they may seem at first blush, may well prove not ill-founded. A. therougb-gOmg-Rusfeo-Turkish alliance in the East would be the begriming of the end for the British Empire in India and the British protectorate over Egypt. Such speculation may be premature, but affairs are undeniably, trending in .the dif efctaori of such an entente. A cbjftbiOaJ tion so disastrous to Englisd's interests in the EastwOuld, in triithy bfe a fitting retribution for as shameful a shirking of a manifest Responsibility as history can parallel.— -Dublin Freefnan. 