THE GHOSTS OF CLOTHES. Mr. J. N. Maskelyne, tho conjurer, relates ■Borao of his experiences to a writer in the “ English Illustrated Magazine ”:—“ Apart from mere objective illusion,” he says, “ appar itions exist only in imagination. Th« gr<‘nfc proof of this is the question of clothes. If sp’rits appeared like some of the * living pic tures/ apparently in ;tlie unde, one might he in clined to believe’dtt' (heir reality. I’believe I was the; first to sngge-t tbis- objection, about 30 years ago. I-was 1 av itg-adiscussion with Mr. Benjamin Cotoiuau,:8>u named’, ‘ Tne Father of English Spiiil»tal»sts,'.a very nice,.amiable, ami credulous old uentloman. He. was describing a seance he had attended and where a lady saw the spirit of her grandfaUit-r. She had never seen him in earth- Hlo.'but recognised him from a painting. The 8 irit appeared iu periwig, knec- brecclies, ami a green coat with gilt but tons. * Then/ said l;.-* this lady not only saw the spirit of her grandfather; but also the spirit of his green coat and gilt buttons ! * Mr, Coleman looked at me with rather a puzzled ex pression. I continued : ‘ Do you really, believe, that there is such a thing as tho spirit of acoal?\ * Ho,’ said be, * I can’t think that, and I can’t! account for the appearance of the clothes, but l{ will ask tho spirits/- Tho old gentlemen told] me afterwards that he had consulted * Kntoy: King * upon the subject. Katey King, as you may remember, was a very popular spirit at that time, so much so that she wu frequently known to have appeared at several seances at tbe same1 moment. She was also the spirit who was said’, to have carried Mrs. Guppy from Ball’s Pond to Lamb’s, Conduit-street, nn(V it was the ex posure of this * spirit ’ which sent poor Robert Dale Owen to a lunatic ’asylum. Well, Katey King shirlccd Mr. (/oleman’s question for a«me; time, but he persisted iu having an answer,1 and at last she replied, ‘ Why, of course, we materialise the clothes oat of particles in the atmosphere.’ This was a perfectly satisfactory explanation to the Spiritualiats, but even the most credulous members of tho Society for Psychical Research cannot at present believe in the ghost of a pair of breeches. If they could, they would at once accept every night mare story bb a spiritual visitation. That cun ning old impostort Mdine/ Blavatsky, tried to bridge over this difficulty by iu veil ting tho theory that chore is an * astral bedy’ or counter part to everything in existence and everything that has existed. So there must be an astral sea-serpent, an astral big gooseberry—in fact, an astral world and a astral universe.” 