L * f! Jif^ [?] THE Australians have loft; tbcir nature land. What a relief ! Alas ! Turner is not a member of th« team. Yet I do not blamo liiin for not going. Thoy treated liim a bit 6lial)bily, and he did well to resent it, .oven though it coot him nil tho pleasures nf a trip to old Hinglaud. And C.T.B.T. likrs England' and Englishmen, who like him in return. It is a great team on Australian form, jot it may not turn out such a vory' for- midublo mixture in England. Tho young blood, you know, might all prove chom pionii, but tho chances aro that some of them will turn out f nil urea. I have largo hopes of Roino of tho now men, and if I woro ft plunger would tako decent odds that now men win tho batting and bowling averages. Irodalo and M'Kibbin aro tho mon I fancy who trill come out ou top in their strong points. Jack Harry, tho Bendigoninn, if unlucky in one way, cumo out of lib tuaale against tho 'Strnliunn with a pookotful of (jilt. J61GO compensation i:i not bad, but it in bettor still with a shilling testimonial going the roundn, p.nd a biggpr Biilitcrip tion with a trip to England at tho cud of it boing made unionist Mclbourno's moneyed men. Nimble Jack will yet liavo his trip freo of charge, hin .C1GO, and hiu shilling testimonial, no that after nil he'll bo better off, perhaps, than the 'Straliann thomeolvoB. Mnnagor MiiBgrovo and his advisers did not net wisely in communicating with Howoll (whoso arm io not too strong) attor throwing out Harry (who had a doccor'o certificate to tho effect'that bo was aa Bound ns a bell). Thoao little inconsistencies loavo thorn opou to public criticism. Tho Molbourno Cricket Club ia starting a testimonial to Black ham, Tho voterau 'stoomper' ought to got a big ono, for thoy think the sun Bhinoa out of him in Melbourne. I'm a bit rocky my&olf; just now ; wish some kind gentleman would ? start a canvas on my bohalf. Testimonials are all tho go. One time if ouch a thing were mooted pooplo would sniff and turn thoir oyos aloft in holy horror to think that u gentleman cricketer should be naked to rocoivo a fi3w paltry hundreds. But old W.G. sot a great example, which is now bearing fruit abundantly in the 'Stralian colomoB. It is considered by no moans extremely improbable that Albert Edwin Trott will secure an ongngotnont with tho Marylo bono Club in England. It is, I boliovo, his intention to do tho trip annually, so . that ho will roturn to Victoria at tho end of the coming English seaaon and tako up tho cudgels on behalf of tho laud of Cabbage Gardens. Albert moans biz j but what about tho three motithn loaidonttnl qualification? Good old rrnidontinl quali fication ; it can bo not atudo convoniuntly. Why waa it ovor agreed to ? » ? ? Tho 'Sf.raliaim woro givon a grout cond off at Port Adelaide on Wednesday, after which thoy were photood on tho Cuzco. I Biipposo Grummy Gnvham uoatod himoelf upon tho dock in hiu iiduul tnilor-liko atti tude. IIo always looks quito fetching in that poso. ? « « Charlio Riehardnon battod nearly threo hours for 'M runs on a slightly quoor wicket nt Purrumatta on Saturday. Ho was at tho wickets half an hour boforo scoring, and didu'b givo tho ghost of a chance. Harry Robinson, who was mienocl at 8, liit Howoll out of tho Parramatta ground for a flvor. II O ? Tho flkippor of Wavorloy, W. Walford, has no luclc nsa wickot-koopor, though bo has plouty of pluck in sticking to the poaition. Some binio ago ho had hiu ilnftoni burst up, and on' Saturday rocoivod a blow on tho tomplo which lenookod him out, nocoHsitnting medical naiiiBtrtnoo. l'or hapo Bomonno (iliio will bo found to tako tlio job. Bull triodib on Saturday, but he droppod a chunco us if it woro a hot potato. a c « Tom . Coborof t, wlioao ficoro now ntnndn 100 not out, wan missod at short log by llovaridga whnu ho had made? only 0. Sad fact for fchri bowler to dwell upon. Tho Victorian M.Pcos nro coming1 to Sydnoy (aomo of thoni nrooxpoctod to-day) to tucklo tlio local goutloiuon at cricket. Labor loader M'Gowon ban boon indulging in back yard practico lately; Iio'b not auch \- a. duffer, nu Ailolaido Jonoo, who hilfl ucroiiu a iitruight ball. A. 0. Mnolaron was rocouUy pronontod with iv gold watch aud chain by tho Lnucniihh'O CO., to mark hiu 415-4 agaiunt ] Somornob laiiti yoarl ' Thoro in talk of Maolnroii boing uuublo to play oriekot fcWo. uuaioii, owing to it interfering with hiu incil«/in\\(inn.l vinl.ifi.i n-i ti uchoolinnotar. At ill (i bixnquol. to Harry Trol t by tlio T.Tol ? , Ijowrm* r«.'il-oJHeo O.O. ou tJatiuday i»ij»hfc, (hi1; dinimiiiH romnrlcert that it fjavo thorn iM (jrt'iati |))«.'(i)urvt fo noo ft mnnibnr ol' tho I\\\\-\l-o!ilHn CflnJtoli Club rohlfif.oil, not only to represent Australia, but to captain tho team. (Cheers.) 'I'haro had, however, beon many heart-burnings nmong tho , members of tho Post-office Club, for there wero Boveral members who had higher averages than Mr. Trott. (Laughter.) However, thoy were vory glad to.oongratu lato Harry Trott, and tlwty had procured for him a travelling-bag with a silver pinto suitably inpcribod. (Hoar, hear.) Thoy did not want that plate, howov.or, to bo covered with lubols ou his traviM.it so they had put if: inside Mitt hag instead of outside. (Laughter.) lln would auk Mr. Trott to accept this bag from his oom radea'in tho Post-oflko. (Choor-s.) Harry Trott said he appreciated tho gift and the spirit. in which it was givon. Thoy 'hud bean too good to him, and he did not deserve it. (A voice. — 'Oh, yeB you do.') He -{the sponkor) would not refer to the Australian Eleven, for he knew nothing about it. (L-vughter and a voice. — ' What about 'Jack' Harry.') He knew nothing nt that moment outside tlm Post-of&ce; Cricket Club. (Hoar, hear.) lln was rather out of his lntitudo in making a Rpoech, bo would say no moro. (Prolonged cheers.) s Went Australia sands a telegram across to Sydney suggesting Irodalo na cuptaiu'pf tho 'Straiians, because ho ia capable «f ex pressing liin thoughts in Qutton's English. . Ho will probably havo tlio honor of doing tho latter without being captain. * ? ? A shilling subscription Ima been started iu Boudigo in lavor h Lick ' Harry. The proprietors of tho Av v ..uMswa have hcAded tho list with 100 shilling*. Harry aooma to bo iu clover just now, i!100 from tho 'Stralians and a shilling testimonial. Good luck, to him. Joo Davis, who prnvod a notoriously bad Bailor in his Now Kualnnd trips, didn't mips a meal ou board tho Cuzco until noaring Adelaide. Joo is going homo to havo ft look at tho 'Strnlintia playing. Big Jim Phillips has left, for England. It was ho who nogotintod with Albert' Trott to go homo and qu.ilify for Middlesex. It. Doran took uinn for 0 in a total of 12 at Fimpama, noar Brisbane, a fortnight ago. He also made 20. out of 09, and ia ovidontly a king amongst his fellows, The wlckot on tho ltod fern Oval is now almost good enough for anything. Noxt yeav (uuloss foetballora cut it to ptueeB during winter) it will bo equal toiuostbther Sydney i)itchos. lledftjru ought to keep things going in the winter, and endeavor to get hold of a fow tip-top players. Old Jimmie Soarlo would bo a pretty good man for the team. Delogatns Allon and Huttou ought to work for First Grade honors; and tho only way to accomplish tbis ia to got hold of a fow flrst-mto men. ' ? ♦ ' ' ? ? Burwood Second appear to lmyoi tho South Sydnoy Seconds dono,' as against 95 made by tho Southx Burwood havo put up 55 for two wickets. Lnnnon 34, Sugden 21, and Chnpinan 14 did tho Souths runget ting. G. Rogers 20, and Dials Ron 15 not out scored for Burwood. Looks us if Bur wood aro to havo a wiu at last! Tot Callaway took tho four South Sydnoy wickets for Paddlngtou, and ho got thorn iu tho last threo overs. Tho first wickot fell at 10, but nt the finish tlniro woro four down for 20. V ? V Charlio lliohardijon stonowallod vory strongly at Pavramatta for 88. Ho was out lbtv, and bo was Young Kyrio, tho lattar boiiig n by no in can 8 woak decision. Harry Robinson's 4,7 was oho of tho most useful innings he ho has playod for East Syduoy. Tho Syduoy Grnnnnor School boys woro a bit too good for tho Combined Public Schools. Tho lattor's loam was mostly composed of littlo follows, but Homo of them playod in good style, and tihnpod liko crickotorii of the futuro. Young Howard, of the Graminor School, is a protty good howlor, but I think ho throwu (iccanionally. Ho whips back from tlio off vory wtill indeed. J)alpugot, of Wollahra, in a capital wicket-ko(-por, and alHO haw n good idoa of baiting, hiu dofonco luiing ex'collont. Mr. II. Norbert Southwoll, who arranged tho public kcIiooIm match, is liko most of us, a crank- on cricket, only a lill.lo moro so. Tho boyii think moro of him than thoy do of Lord Hampdon, and no womior. Mr. Maynard and Mr. IJrid^oa aro alao rod-hot cricket onthuuiantu. Noxfc timo a half holiday for crickofc ia givon in tho public koIiooIh it in probablo that thotoaohnra will put in an nppoarnuon with thoir youngatorii at tho niatuli — if thoy ovor pot onu again. Donpito tho .C1100 odd tho Australiana got from tho Tout Match, thoy woro uliorfc of cash ii. wouk ago, and bad to got n loan. ? ? ? A woll-known crlokotoi* wrolo to the N.8. Wnlca Aonooiatlon recently, nuking for ii refund of 24n, tho prico of a now bathe had puvohnriml aftor bniaking hiu own in tho Bouth Aviutraliuti match. Ho didn't ({ob it. Thoy nay Mini/ tlmi-n \yill bo no Houth Oyduoy Club noxt ''cjvhoii, tit leant' not quito tho uamo n/i tho jM'oiiont) otiCi f3id Q nv;ol'y la (roiiifc* l,o hvn in l^idtlinfffcoti; ilnny Donnan's movemonts aro uncortain, but he will probably oithor bo a Burwood or Pad dington nun. Frank Walters has a yearn ing for tho Globe, and Jim SoarJo'B oyo is on Rodfern. Other eyes are fixed in tho samo direction. Noxt season, however, is a long way off. Tho Cuzco is booked to arrive at Tilbury on April G. Tho 'Stralians will bogin their English campaign against Lord Sbofflold's team on May 11. It will be practically All England minus Stoddart ? ? * ??? '?? ? Jack Waino had a motion on tlio business papor at tho last mooting of tho Cricket Association' to vote .£25 to tho Turner Testimonial, but acting under ndvioe he has withdrawn it, and will put it forward next month. Everyone will bo glad to hoar that ' Charlie Boat is pulling round woll again. Crioltot is very dull sinco tho doparturo of the Australians, ? ? ? YCavorley won the toss and Bent tho Glebo to tho wickets. Tho roault— 193 for two wickets— does not Bpeak well for the Wavorloy judgment. If Globo had won tho toss they, .would havo batted. . . Particulars to hand of an interesting crickot match at Cromorne on the 15th ins*;, aro too lengthy. Boiled down,. the infor mation is that Goorge tho Luff vanquished Hob tho Bluff in aainglo wickot match, tho Luff's log hitting, and tho Bluff's puffing being prominent features - in tho gamo, Both are woll known to tho watermen of tho place. The match crontod a good deal ot excitement, and ia llkoly to lead up to others at an early dato. ? ? ♦ . ..' . At JCouaitiB' Hotel, Melbourne, on Fri day afternoon, tho moinbars of tho Uni vorsity Crickot Club ontertaiuod thoir captain, A. E. JoIiiik, prior to his departure with tho Australian, Eleven for England. Ill -responding to ? Iicytltli tho wiekofc koflpyr'said he hiv«. .-. thoroughly on his nwttle in Sydnoy, and had ho withdrawn from the twtm ho would havo boon oshnmod to moot his frionds in Molbourno on his return. Ho would not havo decided to go unless ho could do jiutioo to hia sido. (Hear, hoar.) Tho whole thing, bethought, cumo from ono man, not a mombor of tho team, who had workod tooth and nail for ' Tumor and Kelly. Howovor, it was all over now, and he was friends with tho wholo team. Ho would like to say, in con clusion, that ho hold Kolly in no way responsible for any of tho demonstration ' in Sydnoy. 1I» thought Kelly a gonuine ! sportsman, and ho was pleaaod to bo ablo thus publicly to say bo. Well dono, Mr. Johns. But who ia the man ? What is tho nnmo of tho gontle man who worked tooth and nail for Turner -nnd Kolly? . . Tom Cobcrofb cast asiilo hia character as a Bt'onewaller against tho Wavorloy bowlers, and quilted tho ball about pretty- hard, Ho has inado either 08 or 100, but I hopo hw sottles the doubt to-day, ns hia innings on thn wicket is woll duaorviug of threo. figure famo. \- - ' ? ? » Tho Sydney Juniora will lttavo for tho Korthorn rivora trip on April 1. I' hopo tlioy are not to oxperienco any fooling ou 'the Way. \- ? ? Tho non-nppoarauco of tho umpiros appointed by tho Association at the match at Rnslioultor'a Bay will probably cost Pudding ton tho match. Tho start was dolayed throo-quartors of ail hour through thoir absence Lolchhardt havo as good as won tho Second Grade Competition. Well dono,yo Woatornora. ? ' ' j Tho North Sydney Bens were qulfo indignant with tho Globo Boos for turning up four short. But thoy wero simply soized ' with holy horror when tho Globo Boob won tho toss, Bout tliom in and coolly] asked for four iloklsmon; All tho outhuatasm iu the Globo must ho con trod round tho A'a. : Thn Globo aro now. strong favorites for the Hordorn Shield. 'I'hoy nppour to havo Wavorloy in a vory tight coriiur. If tho wicket at Parramatta is in its usual ean't-go-wrong state, Watford, Far quhar, Brodin, Pyo and company ought to give East Syduoy a great old loathor hunting. But tho rain might nob havo dono it any good. Alick Bivnnorman has a birthday to-day — his 37th, Good luck to him, Miuo'oa whisky 'ot. ? ? « Somo of tho Rent of Australia toatn ro coivod protty substantial cheques tor playing iu tho Test Match. Tlio Imps gave tlio Elnotric Telegraph a doing on tho Rodforu Oval on Wodnon day. iVndy Ncwoll was bowlod by a hall that cannoned buck a foot from tho off nflor '(striking a hlndo of grass. Slono wallnr Watt a did aomo groat hitting for tho linpn, lifting ono ball ovor tho pavilion rind into tho atnuit boyond. 1 did hoar tho bowlor'n nnmo, but it linn vanishod from my memory — faulty momory. Anyono wanting a copy of tho Austra lian I'llevon'n uugugomontn in England in uccorcliiiK-o with tho Intent rovifiioil liad bettor consult thia wcoIc'b KEi'BUBii, in which tho full list io publiuhod. ? ♦ 9 Tho Now 7/oulundorfl want to nond a crickot toam to thnno parts noxt neivuon. If thoy do no thoy will probably drop a fow pouudfi. S. WiUford uayn thoy nuppliod ohainpivfjao ad lib for. tho last N.&.W. team ovor thoro. If no, thoy muot havo (nvigfjitnl il) tbwniiolvoa, for nono of tho (Jurnotntba woro topers, v/hilo many woro tuotot-nUorn. « , . ? i- Padilinfjton havo ilvo aoo6ml olovon iftioil l-((ijijii]{ nij*!teftt fioukli Bydnay, Oao of them fielded no a oubstituto for tho Southornors, and noarly brought off a catch. It waa bo funny that tho playor himBolf had to laugh at hio attempt to catch tho ball. Tho Souths nBkod him to retire, aud enlisted tho services of ono moro used to catching. Tho voyngo of Lord Hawke's team from England to the Capo was not devoid of incident. One of tho team relates that thoir stay at Teuoriffo was brief, but lively. Sevcrnl of them met with an exciting adventure, whiolt was laughable enough when fought ovor agaiu in tho Biuoko- room, but nasty while it lasted. Someone amongut tho passengers roused the touchy blood of tho Spanish boatmon, who retaliated with volloys of blocks of wood. During tho row a ' thing ' of about 5ft nothing managed to hang a boat- hook in Sammy Woods' jaw, for which politeness ho rocoivod in return throe ripe guava9 full in the faco, and ho was fortunate iu getting off so lightly, aa if Sammy could havo gobnt him tliu pigmy would havo had a twisted nock. ' ? ' Another item by tho same raombur of tho English party is : — ' When the steamer ? touched at St. Heluua a party of us, under the command of Mr. Grey, wont ashore early, and tried for broakfust at the one hotel in tho capital (Jamestown). Aftor waiting ovor an hour tho proprietor camo to ns in tho billiard-room, whoro wo wore trying to pass the time, and told un that ho waa oorry to Bay that ho could give us notliiag, ns his wifo had just had twius !' Unenviablo man. ? ? ? » I~fancy M'Kibbin will win the bowling average in England, Ho will no doubt gob hit about nt times, but ho ahould always got wickets, and against batsmen who havo never met him before I expect him to achieve groat Buccess. Ui will do well not to nofflect liis Ing l,i-(..,,;, ^ince it is extremely difficult to toll from which sido ho intends it to come. To one facing M'Kibbin the delivery for tho off and log broaks is vory similar; but Btnnding bo hiiid hia arm you can easily dotect tho clmngo. ? * « A. E. Trotb has boen advisod by brother Harry to aak for ;B20 a match shrmld tho Australians require his sorvicea in England. Probably thoy, won't requirohid serviuaa. Tho East Melbourne CO. gave a hit in' thoir pavilion on Friday, 13th in.-.. . , to MosBrs. Gooch, Mua'grovo, and A. E. Trott. Tho 'Stralianu worn invited, but neither thoy nor Mauagor Musgrovo attended. ^Frank Irodalo, in reply to an Aitaus intorviowor, gave the Victorians a nasty littlo jar i-2-' I'll toll you what it io. If '?? Harry had, beou a Sydnoy man you would have said nothing about it at all. Why, wheu I' was left out of the lust team tho ' Melbourne- papers never said a word. Bub just-because Harry ia a Victoria') v'-n muko all thia fuss. I sympathise viw-v uooply with' '.'Jack ' Harry, but what can wo do? If tho Victorian public aro ro anxious for Harry to go to England why don't thoy pay his oxponsou aud send him homo. If thoy do that we'll play him, but you can't expect us to tako tho risk.' Ircdalo dooan't forgot that tho Victorian Press didn't think that ho and Donnnn woro , class enough for tho 1803 toam. 