1Rovi'ait, DIANA. (iY T71'O PAR, TS.) PLArT I. She was as straight =s an Indian arrow, large.limbed and tall, with that pleauliar white skin which does not tau nor grow sa.low. The fiat Diana was not mere p,ln portioned than washu i~one. A: Cfimbi:tion .i masculine strength and feminine bauntty -not feminine cnbugh to be whllly 'vmatu, nor mascaline cniouh be be wholly man. 1er dress was half one and half' other. A man's black slouch hat covered . head, and a man's black coat .pr-otected her shoolders a petticcatof thick, dark stufll hid the rest of her down to the a:kl.ea of her boot-shotl fec'. .he r,'.e a hbge biark stalt:on, a creatare is spl:ad!i an: li -ry anwl scarinful as the scornful, ti.ry, epicnittd creature that fear. lessly bestr:te his back. A:n imainxatire t:,n::at rtight eacily have jiseures'd in theddat::,g nt str:la+, uil.nin hraltsat: eyes rett! s siltl u.,atmlnale dc. liance tbh c:. s- kinst'ip f two s~?:s brfoure meteml.rMititio5s mi.nle on b..;st and sue human. + ae ua* . Dans; the horse's name wa *i$star.' iaan lure.lSatan and S?ton luoveI'a.Lat a. It ia, th.u;;!,t that nc:ti:cr of them iir<'l a.ny otlcrhlrln thing.antl it was a cett.inty that no other liviang thing lord either of them. Diana pulled the rein and S. tat stopp-d with one fore-foot uplited. allrcy looted :;ke :ebony-statud Cn:tanr. Int.,,re them the sun was setting-sinking, sliding down a little nad a little into the fathernlost edge of the plain. So so ; andt rel and so c!se to the dead grass it seemed it muot set it afire. Behind them the blue, sn,aw-lined wall of the Sierras rlnch:d up to the c;odls. Tulare Lake glittered, andl gowed, and burned in tie red sun-lays untal its manyo ieague erystal bosum seemed struck by s:ome sudden transforming force of nature, and each single drop of water changed to diamond. The ebuny Centaur let its foot sliwly to the ground ; it took cff i:s sCouched bat, its four eyes looked straight into the west. A If-ard scampered away, n.st::tn tihe dry grasswith its scaly legs, a rquirdl vanished into its hole in the grouid. alnt a jack-rabbit paused in its gallop, tcared up on its haunches, with eyes standing inquit ingly up; its meek, surprised eyrrs tae'l as straight at the Centaur as those of th- Cctu taurotared itto the west. For all other sign of a'jmatol existence on the plains'these might hare been all that in habited them. Lower sank the eun, higher, and wider, and deeper-tintal sprca I its glow ; the glory In the west and the gray is the east touched edges at the zenith. high noier the dimple.glittered, glisten lag, diamnond- bosomed lake the armres of the sun built pyramids and domes and battle ments of white-a~cicut clouds, in silrcr and crimson and opal ail giold, that rose and towered and tolp'ed over into a samke girthed amber ocean. The Halo of the sky slipped down to the earth and sprrad over te hobut ground and the trown deal clover. It'crept to tit lfet of the Centaur, and over its ol.acz g;lrsy hide, and stole into the face of tuo wouman. 'te scorn, the deliance faded out of it, tie hard lines of m caseulae fource s~flltln l out o it. To meet the glow of a dead day cameno out the glow of a dead h:nrt. It tu.ocaed her eyes with its Lsernce of soul, and lighted her features with the pItelets ort the virtue that has chastrned itsl- mt teo smelting furnace of sin. TUte Ceutaur was tanltfiural. A broadtbrancled oak-the only tree for miles aroundl-stod near; a man, folluwet by a sheep-d,g, stapptal trout behind. 11i a.aic no mali:- aunt was not sect. lie was sun-burned,. and unshurn, and roughly gar tnentedl.. There was an odd tWlatcllng of the muscles about his mouth, and as he w.tcheu tae proce,nss of traa.furimatioua in the womatt's face, its spirit k:aped into Las own. With.ut any coe.sco?s voliti.n 1;e reachede.i ith iis hants and critd out, SDiana.' W'u it thb reflection of the s,:ns-t in her checks, or simply returoint a:?.:a~: n, or aid she hear I dite touhed the rein a^t S.+tan hm ln :el forward, the rbo:y i t. ainr ..", a 1..-.?C transfiguration inu;on. , r. It .,. actli ltt'e splend:d. scornful, rii ,.t enattn t .a ,..t. ng humanity aon smiing tae cva:tb oth clu temptuous flet. Tee man with the sh eel...? ;o le I after her a lh::le nH:;r, tnla waln.ed slowly away, taein an opl- iete et.r.c lion. A voice, boti j:s: anlt jeer, i:rusc ,i. la:s as he appre::.beJ th. 'i ,".r ift e t ct, te:at: cal construction b.i:;?ti iwcd ll lu Ia?aIu of " Hose."' in' home in thl ai :: r I Li, C. c :i, n+ shep sneaks alonig i,- LVe' bl:a l a .:,n' sbeep." The man. to wnom the wit.s w'rc al dressed, ,>hke I out, L-Ii dieoppl I, ,-v,+s and anslcrel ill a lt:vr I t..e aU uf su:r rts than the utter: * "ao n tJoL him t.i-tiiLht, 1rassy, ht's in one of h~s bad ways. I wouldu't wou 'der if ho'd seen that womn againu. it's eno'tgh t, make one think sher's a gbLoat bhaunting hilm the way he luks falter hc'a seen ho't,"' S"Ha'ILt be dogoned; I'd like to hare such a solid lantaamagury a ha'ntin' me, " Stop--he'll hear you." I The one who spoke last got up and walked put st the back door to stop the talk of the " Well, I'll ha gouca; it I was as thin. skinned about other people's feolin's as some people, I'd ge: me a patent outside," mut. tered Brassy. The cruscof the remarks seated himself on a limb which stuck out of the wood-pile in the yard, took out his nocketknife and com menced whittling. ,"Shore sign," growled Brassy, looking out as he passed bsglganid forth, cooking supper; " allu whittles when he's got 'em. Burn my coat if I ain't sometimes thankful for bein' cuticularously tough, but then them moods, an' tenies, an' them flne-h.ared feel-' in's helps a fellow out of lots of cookin'. Who col!d ax a chap that looks like he was goin' to his own funeral to make saleratus biscuits, or expect a youngster with the brine s) close to his eyelids to bile murphysl Say, Iill, what makes you so down in the mouth? Seen a ghost or anythingl" Bill did not look up, or stop whittling. " t"s, I'ro seen a ghost. Supper ready t" ' No, but I've got her on abilin'," cheerily answered Brassy. lie was a very home-made philosopher, and Atchin:edes would most likely hare re j*cted the mathematics of the soliloquy which he indunged in. =' Knock medown witlhafeather, if human nature ain't a hard thing to cipher out. Now, ther's Bill and Dainty, my partners, nary one of which ever recol:ected thatgrub hea to be cooked, and nary one of which everforgitstufcel the symptoms of approach. in' meal time. llut which ever side you git on, grub's in the middle, therefore splicin' two and two, and makin' it versus a unknown quality which is grub, I find by those tigger. in' that grub is the syntax of life, uan' the result of the calkerlation is Brassy he, to cook it." Brassy had to talk. If he had not anyone else to talk to he talked to himself. They were a diversified three that sat down to the rough pine table which Brassy spread with a flourish against the wall. Moody. reserved Bill, child hearted ).einty, who had been reehristened thus by by Brassy because of his slightness of stature and fastidious ways, and theirrepres. sible, philosophical, goodnatured Brassy, who talked when he should have said noth ing, ant said nathing when he should have talked, and always hit in the wrong pace. An oddly assorted partnership that kept its bleating thousands on that territory of range whose boundary line was marked by its vast loncsomtness. Bat in a climate where the .squirrel, the orl, and the rattle snakedwelt peacefully in the sam- abode, even these three might har monise. The moon was full, and the men sat out side of the cabin, two of them taking their a(ter.supper smoke. The mysterious calm of the brecrcless tight had put upon them its sp.IlI of silence. Ni:l SIt with bowe I head, an.l whittled mechanically on a small piece of storvewood, ani Dainty held a cigarette careltsely be. tecen his. thumb an I forefin;er, and blew coantented little pulls of smuse away from his mouth. lirasy tuget'd and puffed at an o1,1 pipe, and watched Bill fr.m under the rim of b's hat. " Bill," said he, " you ought to smoke; it'd be a mi.;':ty cofpott to you, an' save a heap 0 ';; v , Sture. wFoiJ." s;iil's on!r notice of the remark was to 'ifl cn i of lth stick an I whittle vigor. o:uly. Dainty m ,red unrasily and gave Itra.y a warning glance; bat no warnit.; glance ever could catch.Btrasy's un l-rstand-. ino. lie alRa's n:mintalned it was a.alur t 1 t,i tprincip is :t take hints. ' Yes, a:nc,kin' is the mrst continuous com* fottin' amusemn t I know of ; nothira' like it to p-ut a matt in gaol sp:rrits, onless it's puttin gp>ls l,;r'i.:s in a man: art' store. wood in this country is mighty lard to get. Yes, Bill, .nui oug!:t to take to smokin'. It's la.l.ca. ar:' dina un,,lu, an' 'l'abisn steeds to the pose man. Course they got up in smoke, but theT're lii while they're goin'. If you're hungrit, it's a sort of soothment to the place t's arh'n' for victuals. If you're alone is a howl' 5' wilderness it's wife. children. and fri-nds--they go up In sm:oke, too, tas yoU brv.e 'em wutle they're goin,'; an iit :.cns the female atct from ha'ntta' s tuntase· occuae Icr." ITe lo.ted com~asly at Dainiy,and nodded toe anrt ifill. Daitnty pockered his brows into a most spcaking frorn anl asked, "'Urasay, eo you know why you are not like my o:d lilte!" " Danan, 'Ims it's 'cause the knifeshuts up stmelijus. a tlthere's tost always sorse d.uflrrnce betatern;lpuple and old knuirs; nuw, tterv's Ili I-" I)anty jumpsd ep and threw away his cigarette. SBus," said he, "let's take the dogs over to the ire: null tree a sild cat." lras:e pocketed his pipe immne.liatey. " lI;;ht, me lor., I'm t .ourn whetn its wild cats iou talk. An'iit Dill wtu:s to go, the triumvtrate s agreed ; if he d iu't- 'lie may sigh to the winds, to the God dtss l).ana, DBt hi. 'a-s they will end on the isle of St. lltlna.'" lie sang the lines of the ol.l-fahioned, long.out-it date s?ig in a most Ul;tusait.a ource, anrI it atight tiare bern the mue:ody that utiae uldtl star so au~u nly that IPe uoesturtaed tie storul on w bich he sat; it might thave Itrn the uroouulight that ma sle Ibut Iale. Ilain:ty hasltCnel to itilerpuos, with ts sar, , s:aitn that it they were going they ,a t Octetr stat.. lie could not tare to.l wbhy he tIl',ugt litansy's irisinuating unlottwuee would g?ve pain to ;ili, or it what manner it rc'ut.t Iain him; he was one of th.sea jicular i t.t.lre that LkL. 'r nmam?elr s ttns ly i tt?.ltat. Ito ilid nut t'?te fuo -:,tl eat ht;.nin, but kr.ew lruwiil?ag about it. tIr' rirer truttom. trting to sicare up " ter;n;ts," sas one ol Urassy'S weaknesr 5s. le.-ifte, taeic were few direlsiuns to break tlie molhn.ry ui thetclrep-?erdtlia'txisttcill', eren tUhe.gll , lte wreei tltrce of thum, and t'y hure-rd their own flucks and rude thetr ot. huts s, It has been said joulally of sheepbherd log, "It takes but three months to turn thb strengest blain." Te' stying had a good foundation, more espiecial It the time: were autumer. Tuink vl a hluman bLeinn, enduowed with toe anttli buLts ul tlelliilty, set douwn uh thoiae reat plaitl to lul:os, ,rny after day, a tousau d rlain of bittlllg l;esuep--slrerl' are ustcal tl*a.lng; *:'u alter day to rc the: sun rn.c, rel sird ..:trey, r. shine all day thltuugli a ci,iutli.au, cailtllciea sky iull a chlalnngul , brn, .:? lirea,.*?lihuhni.?g la..lenel.-, and Ital o.. lt, l etlstti il lnt i)lly, at e?et 10 htier. t ta.h aftir aiught b 'e i. eeat Wind- .it. Ieoel t 5il. bl i wing its ,;. - iil:,ot lu tie tn ol' tuhe ploulitu,'c teL, SI a ·1,: ' t I ~l: hel r thet i ti ..iutm , .ists atlL ti, 1t1- iUC 't It 0 I)hl $4 V1 li llUI tilt tiar' :t'! tiht : b d-ti d--la.s f.dow i ti ,rud cii round that thourald heal A rle roo h was hiuh up in the sky ti i"i t- let.ii the tin.tir ul the ricer, cw i Ci i.ca ittut three 10i.5 hr~ um the*" 'I l yrSctiaDrDiruy, l1ii sroeutieoi 5 . rt .i. ?-": t , to c si tOt'.i t.t; 1 ftre I " n orJt t:. wa- gint It' tlpen, ldi th lt ?'e U* t g':t out vi hre aL qUtick I uA u. p Ii, :ty, tor fee in's is tio Ciose oi t .t. 'ui,-ri, . hitat You asos ct.'l lhap n ll I ilk ti ,.ti itt .git ietta er Thr-lnt - red .Iact 'sa l?lriat' in' to :h rh s ,.f the u ;:d, r Ir u.?, lenr t cdl itur mnl,,tiy-p.lcbt, an' hcyin ter us, as it wer c ?" all iuldat t his, it sat so rldic:ltious, aid i).?lty s.aId upo 0.0CC of his undtilied An hoiur, two ours, three, of tramping, antt not a wild cat war amiable enough to tree and be killed, much to trassy's dii= Tired out, they started home. " Listen, dun,t u ot hear acunioum sound !" said Dainty. All f them stopped and listened, but only kr a moment. " herciful God 1" shouteu Dressy, "rut lof your lives, it's the river over flowed I" They sprang forward and ran with much speed in spite of brush, and briars, and many stumblings. '" If we could only get to the slough lust,' p anted Brassy. The dry bed of the slough was only a few hundred feet beyond, but a wall of water higher than their heads was rolling down with terrible swiftrless upon them. The water from the river overtook them and lapped around their feet and up to their waists. It was uEeless now to try to rench the slough, impossible to cross it if they could, that crackling mulled roar was too near. They were between two floods; it was a moment to act without deciding. With one accord Bill and Brassy caughlt Dainty and hoisted him into tile forks of a large sapling, by the side of which they stopped, and scudded up after him. A minute later they were in the mid.t of a mile-wide waste of fast-rising water. lie. hind theru was the terrible, swift, rolling river, whose head was in the heart of the eternal snows; before them the slough, orer which they had walked dry-footed three bours before, rolled another river, swift. lowing, muddy, ice cold, and deadly deep. The sapling swayed and bent with their weight, sometimes dipping them into the chilling water, and shook and shivered to its topmost twig when some floating object lodged against it. Iligher rose the flood and swathed their soaked garments about them; it was so cold -so cold clinging; and the night so balmy and warm, and the moonlight so soft and so beautiful. " Partners," said Brassy, " I reckon we're euchered this time." " Looks like it," responded Bill, " and I'm quite willing." " Well, then, you're the fust man I ever saw that wa ready for rain. Course we'd bey to swing out smnne lay, an, drownin', they say, is , easy dath ; but to bedrownded like a panel o! treed squirrels disagrees with me. I might 'a' knowe'l these hot days,'t's cooked the grass dry enough to make yeast. powders, 'd melt tile snow an' bring down a flood. Yea, I've lived nigh the river long enough to be a-lookin' out for a thing like this. An' I deserve a soakin' fer bein' so oa thoughted, but I don't like to be drownded lile a miserable squir'l." (rint Is wI.L Arrsan rI oUrn xrEI.) 