THE MYSTERY OF GLENELLIS. " Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people iu this age believing in such utter nonseuse ! It is too ridiculous !" There was scorn in Miss Rothsby's voice and m every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her compauiou, Charley King, a young civil engineer, was amused, judging by the smile that cume and went before he made answer, in a half-soothing, half apologetic tone — " Ah, now, don't you think you are a little severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idiosyncracy ? You know a belief in which one is born and brought up is a part of his very nature, acccptrd in most cases without question or reasoning, A few of our old men, I tbiuk, claim to have seen and heard something very extraordinary in the Glen years ago— before my time ; as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a dozen have ever been there ; we simply ignore the place." " That is exactly what I supposed," returned Miss Rotbsby, triumphantly. " Those antedi luvians who sit, rain or shine, in front of hotels and saloons, tell their stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so make others believe." " Perhaps you are right ; but that does not alter the fact that the Glen bears an evil reputa tion, and we are all familiar with the blood curdling stories of deeds said to have happened there." " It seems to me they can easily he explained. Doubtless when this country was new the Glen was the rendezvous for ruffians and outlaws ; secluded, almost inacessible for those who met there to be surprised. To doubly secure them selves they circulated horrible tales, raised a few ghosts, Jand made occasions to impose them upon the credulous early settlers. There is the case in a nutshell." Charley shook his head iu doubtful way that irritated the pretty philosopher. " Very well put, Miss Rothsby ; but there are certain things—" " Nonsense 1 " she broke in half laughingly, half angrily, " I know you are going to say something stupid aud old-fashioned, and I will not permit it. The robbers are dust long ago, and the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may be sure ; yet have your all, for such a palpable imposture, buried in oblivion the most romantic and beautiful spot on earth. Fie upon you, young men, to let such a state of things continue ! " " But what can we do about it ? We were taught to respect the opinion of our elders, and have done so." " That's all very well ; but respect can be carried too far." " Well, what do you suggest ? " asked Charley, a trifle impatiently. " That the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let the place be invaded by merrymakers, j and the spell will be broken. Once known it will become famous, so that people will come from far and near to see it." I " It may be all just as you say," responded ! the young man. " But you forget the flowers. You told me that on the first day of your visit to the Glen you broke a blood-ifed blossom from its stem, when a stream of red fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower became white. How do you account for that ? " " I don't try to account for it. Who can .explain the vagaries of nature ? One flower stem exudes a milky substance, and then a red fluid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful aud incomprehensible. It is al surd to he affected by a plienotnenrn just because one doesn't understand it." " Nevertheless, I think the flowers are the greatest objection to our project. Their peculiarity seems unwholesome to say the least." " I suppose so— and it is such a pity ? YoU cannot think how 1 haVe set my heart on this picnic in the Glen. Imagine the effect of one or two hundered lanterns. There is not a thing 1 could wish changed." " Except the flowers." " Except the flowers, t wish they would dis appear for that one evening Do you think w'e can persuade the others ? " " We'll try ; the idea will he quite startling, however We shall meet with much more oppesition from the parents than from th'e young folks aiid if we hasten matters it will leave less time for talk. Friday will be the harvest moon,' why not have it then ?" " Just the thing ! Do you suppose Blarney and his harpers will go ?" No, indeed, nor any other musicians in Ellendale We'll have to forego dancitig." "A moonlight picnic wi'hout dancing? Preposterous ! If the harpers will not yield to my powers of persuasion papa must furnish the music; he knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us." " I will tell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for the papas and mammas, aunts and uncles, who de clare they have heard unaccnuntible sounds issue from the Glen. You will need them all, and wish for more b ttore we successfully lay the ghost. Ah ! here come Letty and Tout Maynard, and that is Jack Craig and Miss Annie behind them. Good ! Now we can be gin the attack." Charley King had returned but a few weeks before this conversation from a five years' absence in distant lands. Among his fellows there none had a higher reputation than he for those qualities which men as well as women most admire. It was not strange then that pretty Miss Rothsby, whom he found visiting his sister, an old schoolmate, should find him particularly at twictive, and he, for his part, had declared to himself, after the manner of men hard hit at first sight, that it should be Miss Rothsby or no one ; About a mile from Ellendale was the haunted glen of which they had been speaking, marvel- j lously beautiful and picturesque. Miss Roths- by had spent many an hour there, for her friend j and hostess was an important personage, in household and parish matters, and there were times whi n the visitor must ontei tain herself, i As she was a good walker she soon knew the country for miles around better than most of J the yoimg women born and bred in the town. ; and so discovered the beautiful and secluded j spot which bore so lwd a reputation. " Better not go there again, Miss Rolhsby," her host said to her when she spoke of her ex pedition at the dinner table', aud wondered that | so charming a place was so little known. It ! is liumiliatiug to admil that we are the victims j of superstition, but everyone in the community | believes that the Glen is haunted." j " Then, as I should immensely enjoy a friendly chat with a bona-fide ghost, I shall make' it a point to go soon again," laughed the young lady. " I hope not." said Mr King, gravely, " for I feel deeply upon this subject. You, of course, noticed the ouk tree that hides the pathway ? It was planted when I was a boy A dreadful thing bad happened there just before, though I cannot say positively there was anything super natural about it " " What was it ?" asked Miss Rothsby, curi ously. " Tell meo all the story, please." " I can only tell you what I know. An odd- looking foreigner passed through the town one day, and disappeared in the Glen. That night a shock as of earthquake was felt, and people who passed near the forest hear strange, un earthly cries. From time to time these strange shocks were repeated. The man was never seen again, and it was supposed that he was murder ed." " Oh ! and is that all ?" asked Miss Rothsby, iu a disappointed tone. " The authorities considered it enough, and resolved to render the Glen as inacessible as possibly. For aught I know, yours is the first foot that has stepped within it lor forty years." " I must say, lh> n, that j ou have lost more than you can imagine, and 1 shall try to atone for your neglect of the loveliest spot oil earth." !So answered the wilful beauty ; and to the Glen she went thereafter as often as oppor tunity allowed, declaring to herself, as she sat upon the greensward drinking in the beauty of her surroundings, that it was en eh a ted ground, and that she was under the rnagic spell. When Charley King came he was a willing escort, and so long as she was by his side, what did it matter where they went ? v The picnic by moonlight had been a loog- talked of plan among the. young people of the village. The selection of the place was left to these two visitors and tiny had chosen the haunted glen. Friday whs the night appointed. Some acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, but no one had the courage to iefn.se save the musicians, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous offers, and could not be persuaded to " resk their lives, n asoii, and in- strooments by gon' to the liants of the devil hissclF."' So Mr. Rothsby supplied the music, giving the men heBent from the city instructions to render any assistance they could, bidding them, it possible, to arrange and light the immense number of Chinese lanterns lie con signed to thi-m withoht the knowledge of the party. His plan worked wteli. for that their last, night might not be assailed by tales hot con ducive to steady hands, they were met at the train and directed to the Glen, with strict in junctions not to pluck so much as a blade of grass. The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors here and there throughout pretty Ellendale opened for the gay picnickers lo sally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets with jest and laughter, while curious eyes peeped at them from behind blinds or open doorways. But when they entered that distant pathway and the sweet p. rfume of the forest pervaded the air as their light feet pressed the carpet of pine needles, the jest died away, the laughter ceased, and their voices had a hollow sound. Fear seized upon Lhi m ; each had a strong desire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, and in low voices they talked of little matters in the village. When the exquisite beauty of the Glen burst upon their view all other thoughts were dispel led, and the nervous reaction of their ground less terror made them doubly merry. Hundreds of lanterns gleamed faintly iu the fading twi light from the trees and vines on either side, and the grand old oak which barred the en trance was fairly covered with thein. The first glimpse of the fair " queen ot the night," as her silvery disc rose above the tree tops, was the signal for a song, half chant half rounde lay, that had been composed for the occasion, aud as the young people stood in the pride ami strength of their youth, their faces upturned, their rich, sweet voices filling the dying day witli melody, one would have said, " Wise Miss liothsby ! Surely no nstless, unholy spirits can abide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery and your pure voicrs must ex orcise them for evermore." Scarcely speaking, in little groups, the young folks wandered from spot to spot in an ecstacy of delight. Especially did the flowers that gleamed so red upon the ground attract them ; but Miss Rothsby bad exaggerated the stain they made that they might be left uutouched. She felt now that some natural explanation could be given of their unpleasant peculiarity, hut dreaded its effect upon weak nerves, so wisely advised her companions to beware of them She learucd from the musicians that her father bad intended coming on the same traiu with them, but being detained at the last min ute, he would take the next one, and be with them before the evening was over ; so, as her light feet kept time to a favourite waliz, and a face she much approved was very near to hers, she thought her cup of earthly bliss was neat ly full. There was to be dancing until nine o'clock . when supper would be served, and afterwards i I more dancing if they chose; but the parents had ! insisted that the. young folks should be at home j j by eleven, and Mrs. Gray had promised for them by virtue of her chaperonage. i The camp fire was lighted on a great flat stoue near the oak tree, aud to show its good fellowship crackled in the most cheerful way, while its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the sombre branches ot the pin< s way up the sides of the Glen. The baskets were emptied of their good thiiigs, the tempting feast was spread, the frag rant aroma of the coffee proclaimed the last thing ready, and Mr. King as master of the ceremonies, was about giving th'e signal for them all to assemble, when distinctly throughout the place there came a Soft; . Silvery sound like the tone of a Clock striking the houl of hinle. 1' he dancers, pausing in their giddy whirl, looked at eabh other and said, " What a pretty device of MiSs Rothsby's !" but'iven as they spoke the earth seemed to ti'emblo beneath their feet, while a lurid, unearthly glow lit up with appal ling distinctness every object ih the Glen, to the very top of the beetling ledge abbve them. With a discordant, jurring sound the music stopped. Hearts beat fast ; cheeks grew white; then the sounds died away-. " What is it ? What does it mean P" evet y- body was asking. Charley King made ahswer.although lie could hot quite control th'e tremor in his voice. " It must have been a slight shock of earth quake or some. electrical disturbance. I have seen most wonderful phenomena iu my time." Faitly reassurred the musicians weut back to their stand and the company sat down to table, but it was in vain tin y strove to speak natur ally, in vain they strove to eat. Their voices were thick, their hands trembled, their hearts beat painfully quick and loud After a few moments Mrs. Gray, smiling faintly, said — " My friends, I fear I have taken cold in this beautiful but moist place. I propose that we adjourn to warmer quarters. What say you to a good-night waltz at my house ?" Before an answer could be given again there sotiuded throughout the Glen the faint, low chime, so awfully distinct in its sweetness. With one impulse all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifled aud seeming to come from beneath them, reached their ears, and a rocky door in the cliff swung back, revealing a cavi rn filled with light ; but brighter than the light about it was a human form wrapped in llarne that sprang out of it and fell upon the greensward. Here was something tangible, and Charley King swiftly led the way towards this new horror. Too late ! the form lay still, the voice was silent, and the flames were musters at last of him who had so long been their master. Exorcised were the ghosts for ever, harmless was the subterranean chamber tilled with un meaning apparatus and curious chemicals to those who found them, for the evil genius was dead. For yeais the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, and had found, at last, her very great est death. 