DIOCESE OF, BALL.AUAT. (Jfrom over own Correspondent.) The Bishop visited St. Michael's Ohurch Junction on last Saturday, and examined the children who were preparing for Confirmation, In the Christian doctrine, and' found' them all well instructed. On Sunday his Lordship administered the Sacrament to 94 children. Before confirming (the children he addressed them on the importance of the Sacrament they were going to receive, and the many graces which it conferred. After they had been confirmed the Bishop again addressed them, and hoped God would give ithean the grace to preserve the gifts of the Holy Ghost which they had received into their souls, and that •they would persevere inr the work of their salvation. Heentreated them to lead good and! holy lives, and practice the beautiful devotion of the Rosary wMch our Holy Father, Leo XIIL, had: so frequently recommended to the Faithful, that (he was styled the Pontiff of the Rosary. The beautiful encyclicals of his Holiness on this devotion, as.-wjB^TSprMsvarious encyclicals.^npc)^the great questions -of the day," Ss%ie\of which couWI' 'foef j>roeured„i?ifc )M*i\ Catholic Repository ipj ^eref Ml well worth reading, and shotiJ(ilybe' trea»- ured Jh the R<Jsary «^oii: durifig tfie ••^dpomthi had been specially dedicated to it, but would be recited in every -family throughout the year, as it was now almost the universal prayer of the Church, and had brought down countless hlessings upon, many households audi faimiliesi. His Lordship afterwards blessed the mew schools of St. Joseph, in charge of the Sisters of St Joseph. Previous to the function, the Bishop referred to the great and all (important work of Catholic education, and in doing so said that the bringing up of the youth of this country in the tenets of the Churchwas aj salcred duty devolving upon both priests and people. They were all well aware there was no practical religion outside the Catholic Church. They could see the evil results of the purely secular system, which had run riot, hut, happily, that craze was dying out, both hepe and in England. In the latter country the people were returning again to 'the denominational system, seeing' the spread of atheism, pantheism, and other forms of infidelity, the result of the godless system of education ; and. ini this colony, too, the people were now reaping the same baneful crop. The Bishop, in conclusion, congratulated the Catholics of the Junction upon the blessings they enjoyed-in having such excellent schools, which were so al>ly conducted by the good Sisters. The schools are situated in a delightful spot, ..and command a view of Mount Warrenheip and the rich agricultural country around. The weekly meeting of the Ballarat Catholic Young Men's Society was held in, the A.N.A. Hall on Tuesday evening last. Mr. J. ShelLey (president) occupied the chair, and there was a very good attendance. Two new members were elected andl duly welcomed. One nomination for membership was received. It was unanimously decided to .form a dramatic club in. connrectSto' With the society, and a sub- (^mmiitee" w^s selected: to draw up rules, -ftc. The fifth annual comintiliJBp 'breakfast, tendered by the ladies to-the members, will be'held in the Queen's Hall on Sunday morning, 29thi November. The special business of the. evening was a lecturette on "Oompetltion In Trade and Commerce," by Mr. J, Meehan. The subwards fully discussed by. the members. 