Dresses in. the New Adelphi Play. A London correspondent thus describes the dresses we illustrate : — We .have had little, if any, warning of its ap proaching end ; in .fact, just lately it seems to have burst forth, into renewed life and almost ag gressive vigour, and yet, for all that, the days of the great sleeve are numbered, and it is doomed to an early death. Well, it has had a long life, and a merry one. Reigned over us all in most despotic fashion, and been responsible for one long civil war between the coat and the dress sleeves. And now it is all over, for the Maison Jay has risen up and declared that -the : order of the sleeves shall be changed, and against their decree there is no appeal in the kingdom of: Fashion. Therefore, make up your mind to the inevitable, in the shape of a new ' sleeve, the form and fashion of which is pictured for you in our first sketch thi6 week, a sketch repre senting one of the four uniquely lovely gowns which Messrs. Jay have created for Miss Jessie Millward's wear, in the new Adelplu piece which came out on , Saturday. I am glad that I can give you the very \ first view of them. And, now as to thiB most im- \ \- portant question of the sleeves. In this first dress, ' as you wiu Bee, there is no suggestion of fullness, the arm being outlined closely and faithfully from shoulder to wrist by transparent mauve chiffon, slightly shirred, and : finished off, just where it reaches the hand, by a little cascade-frill of kilted ' chiffon and the most minute of tie-bows. I can almost hear the ghost of the great sleeve crying ' ANOTHER OF MISS MILLWARD'S GOWNS. MISS MILLWARD IN 'ONE OF THE BEST,' AT THE ADELPHI. ? aloud in anguish at the sight ; and I think we will I add our own little moan, for. honestly, I do not think ? that the new sleeve is as becoming as its bulky ? predecessor, though, doubtless, the time wilL come I when we shall think quite differently. But our B bodice must be completed, and it is fashioned of ? the soft mauve chiffon, the throat Mt quite bare, ? and with just a little kilted frill in the front and at ? the back of the neck, while over the. shoulders is I drawn a graceful, triply frilled fichu of white chiffon, I which is caught into a waistband ot dark violet ? ribbon-velvet, fastened with a small gold buckle, I and, in front, is continued into little cascade-ends at I each side. The skirt is of Pompadour glace, with K broad stripes of white, finely striped with black, and ? patterned with a shower of tiny single blossoms, B alternating with other and equally broad stripes B where, od a plain white ground, appears a blurred ? design of small bouquets of many coloured flowers. B ' It is a lovely fabric, and its beauty is enhanced by ? the wonderful arrangement of- the stripes, which ? form x series of V's. The hat is a fitting crown to Hj such a gown — a quaintly lovely affair, as it is of B white Leghorn, bordered with mauve, and with three . jB rows of naiTow velvet ribbon encircling the crown, eB and each one terminating in a tiny bow, while under ? the brim, at the left side, are massed together some exquisite carnations in pink, heliotrope, and violet. K Please note the coquettish angle at which it is &? perched upon the head, and also the arrangement of IB Miss Millward's hair, which, after being drawn back £? iu loose waves from the forehead and over the ears, H js tied with black ribbon- velvet and dressed low in S tbe neck. The other dress is an entire contrast, and tbege ris - a touch of the old Puritan about it which ite very- ' B fascinating. The material is pale foi'£et-me-iiot'blue BB cloth, and'the bodice lias a pouch-front cqpeiung.'&ve;^. V-, ? a fuli vest of white lisse and adorned at-^eaeh side .* H' with many little rows, or ratUer straps, of [ ; H braid, each finished with a wee pearl b'atton, iihfe IB same design appearing again in the front and . at 'ihe^ Hi sides of tbe little plain basques, and, for the and last time, on the sleeves, which are Jmj- relations ot the bishop family, and are drav? n inte. gL deep cuffs of pure white lineu, edged with daxk t|3 string-coloured lace. There is a deep collar,^fe/p, Hg of the linen and lace, and just beneath, it, jf* side of the bodice, there comes a chou bowj^^feroite - IK satin ribbon, which in itself would have stuped the IK; dress as the production of the Maison Ja^, to 6ay (3 nothing of the tightly drawn band of ribbim which H* encircles the waist and finishes off in loop*6^fKat — the right side. ? *'?'? Hi A Good Glue. — A glue- which standi -mois^e! ^ M without softening may be made thus rlHssolvfe'ijtii-; Sj eight fluid ounces of strong methylated spirithalf V H] an ounce each of sandarac and mastic ; add ha$f -An ; , H; ounce of turpentine. This solution is then added H to a hot thick solution of glue, to which isinglasyhas 9 been added, and is next filtered , while hot, through B|| cloth or a sieve. 