IS HOME RULE DEAD ? A SCOTCH LIBERAL OPINION. The following editorial article we take from the People's Journal, Dundee, April 11 : — Wedneoday was the tenth anniversary of the in troduction of Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule Bill, and, no doubt, there are people who think the birth and death of the measure may be celebrated in one breath, and without overburdening the calendar. A leading Unionist organ has treated its readers to a retrospect of the ten years' Home Rule controversy. A. decade, to be sure, is a convenient measure or years for the statistician to work with ; but it is a trifle brief for the historian, who needs at least a century to stretch himself in. You cannot write the last word of a political movement as easily as you can take the census. Of course, Unionists are convinced Hoiae Rule is dead, with no hope of a hereafter. For our own part, we should say be not too sure. It is not dead, but sleeping, said a wise Unionist who had assisted in his time at many pre mature interments and learned to read the signs. Home Rule, if we are to believe its enemies, has been slain thrice over, yet the very substantial ghost of it will not be laid. It stalked through the Mont rose Burghs a few months ago in front of the Union ist candidate, scaring none but the candidate him self. At the present moment, we cheerfully grant, the composition of a Home Rule epitaph offers some temptation to the professors of graveyard literature who killed Freetrade, the franchise, and many other reforms in frequent intervals of fatuousness. Home Rule has gone out with the tide ; it may re turn with it. The political mind is capable of hold ing many subjects, though it does not speak of all of them at the same time ; and the Unionists, who fret us with their reversals of Liberal policy and distract us with new foreign adventures, cannot conceal the faith in a causa which we have believed to be both nrudent and just. The gentlemen who sum up history before the vital forces of national conduct and desire have spent themselves, v/ould do well to reflect upon the sup posed closing of the Union controversy in 1800 and its active reopening 80 jrears later. The 10 years of turmoil begun by Mr. Gladstone's adoption of Home Rule are but an episode on the great stage of a people's action. We venture to remind those who speak as if the fire of Home Rule were finally extinguished that even a Parliamentary majority of 150 will not kill the spirit of nationality. When Mr. Gladstone formed his great deoision he was not looking to the appeasement of a merely temporary discontent. Less heroic measures would have served for that. Relief from the unjust exactions of alien landlords might have sufficed to settle the people comfortably on the soil, but still there would have been left unsatisfied that aspiration for self rule which breathes through every strong race. Mr. Gladstone aimed at calling out the patriotism of Ireland, of revitalizing her social and material energies, of bending the national mind on the high matters of the national destiny in a fashion impos sible under a system of Government bearing the stamp of conquest. Do the Unionists imagine that the future of Ireland, with her depopulated coun ties and unenfranchised towns, is assured ; or that the}r have anything to boast of because Tories, Eng lish for the most part, commoners and Peers, have suceeded in frustrating the legitimate demands of Irishmen ? Whatever things be in doubt, this is very certain. The tusk of re- creating a national prosperity in Ireland has yet to bo attempted, and a first condition of the attempt in any serious form is political contentment. Quarrelling factions have sold the situation for the moment to the opponents of Home Rule. Ireland in this regard has been true to her own tragic history. But the Liberals who espoused her cause under Mr. Gladstone need never regret that they staked their fortunes on a measure which preferred the line of a great and generous statesmanship to the small or the harsh expedients so often recommended, so often doomed to failure. Liberals may be excused for observing, too, that theirs has been an ever-victorious march. No cause of their adoption has been conclusively condemned by history and thrust out of sight. The forces of progress have from time to time suffered a check, but always they rallied to a final triumph,, Is it likely to be otherwise \\\i,x,\ Home Rule ? / 