ST. PATRICK'S R.C. CHURCH, , STRATHMERTON. THE OPES lifC CEREMONY, As intimated-by us on Thursday, the imprwsive ceremony connected with the formal opening of the Roman Catholic Church at Strathmerton was perfoWned on Sunday last by His Lordship Dr. Rcvillc, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, assisted by the Rev. J. M'Carthy, C.C. We described 111 our hist issue the -enlargements and renovations that, had been made to the building, which is now not. only commodious, but exceedingly neat and comfortable. After early Mass at Numurkali Dr. ReVillb was driven to the Stiathniertoii Church by Father M'Carthy, a large number of the congregation meeting His Lordship about a mile from the church and escorting him to the building; . The number of persons assembled within the church grounds when the bishop arrived could not have been less than 400, all of whom evinced the deepest reverential interest in the proceedings. His Loixlship, in full vestments, recited the ritual usual on such occasions, Father M'Carthy repeating the responses, a crossbeam \- and two acolytes preceding bishop and priest ill their circle of and march through the sacrwl eJifiee. When the who ai'ls of consecrat ion and tl&liciitUin; had been eomplet<jtl, the congi-egjtLion entered 1 lie building, which was taxed to its utmost lo ac-eoumiodat n n,—' to be present at M.tsa. which was celebrated by i ailici' rs3'C"viitr, Mm altar being appropriately decorated with ilowers emblematic of purity. At conclusion of the Mass Dr. Reville thanked the people for the kind welcome that had been extended to him, the object of his visit being the important one of blessing and dedicating to St. Patrick the creditable chinch building »ii which they were then assembled. If the present congregation was an average one. the church w ould iiot. be found too large, notwithstanding ihiit it had only recently been considerably added u>. They had received good value for t heir money, and he was pleased to know that only a few pounds were due on the builOing. Any money received by Father M'Carthy would b" well. laid out , and he trusted there would be acLiv': 'v-operation between priest and people, the latter of whom would no doubt, lie glad to come to the former's assistance. He again congratulated the people on the completion of so line a building, where in attending service they need not. fear sunstroke as they had to in former times. Dr. Reville then read the Gospel for t he day, Matt, xiii, M1-H5: Jesus spoke to the multitude this parable : The Kingdom of Heaven is like to a. grain (>f mustard seed, which a man took and sowed in his field. Which indeed is the least of all seeds ; but when it. is grown up it is greater than all herbs, and becometh a t ree, so that the birds.of the air come and dwell in the branches thereof. Another parable He spoke to them : The kingdom of Heaven is like to leaven, which a woman to.ik and hid in three measures of meal, until the whole was leavened. All these things Jesus spake in parables to the multitude, and without, parables He did not speak to them ; that the word might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying,"! will open my mouth in parables. 1 will litter things hidden from the foundations of the world." His Lordship said it was instructive to remember that it. was the early Custom in eastern countries to express truths in parables, the presenting of truths in familiar figures of speech in order that they might make a more lasting impression on the hearers. Almighty God also conveyed important truths in parables, and they were all familiar with the story of the man who had two sons, one of whom demanded his portion and squandered it in dissipation, being glad to partake afterwards of the feed of swine. And when he determined to rise up and return home to ask forgiveness, he found his father awaiting him, and was restored to his place in the house, a proof of the foil}* of the son in leaving his father's house and of God's goodness ill tho- forgiving spirit of the father as denoted by the son's restoration. And the kingdom of Heaven was like the mustard seed, the kingdom of God on earth being the church. It grew up from a small beginning into a mighty tree, and had spread itself over the globe, and in that church Catholics sought shelter and the hope of salvation. Man was not created for this world, but for an end far more sublime—to love and serve God here on earth and thus work out. his salvation ; to recognise God as his king and to love Iliin as a father, the reward being to see Hint for ever throughout an endless eternity. God did not require man to do more-than he could accomplish, and to this end He had enlivened his body with a soul impressed with His own image. What was more beautiful than a contemplation of man's three noblest faculties. He had a memory, by means of which he could recall the past, with all its sacred associations ; understanding, that he might know the meaning of what he heais; and a will by which he could either observe or transgress God's law. Man's soul is immortal ; it never dies. Their faith taught them that when we breathe our last., the soul goes foi-th to hear the sentence.of the Supreme J udge. The human species had been made little less than the angels, but man abused his liberties and transgressed God's law, thus closing the gates of Heaven against himself. But God sent His own Son that the world might be saved by Hiin, and for 30 years Jesus was ' looked upon as merely the lowly son of a carpenter. At the end of that time He commenced HLs public mission, and astonished the world by His learning and wisdom and by the miracles He wrought. He also founded His church, and society at that time was steeped^in vice, and was in complete ignorance of the end for w hich they were placed on this earth. Poverty, sufferings and death were all they eared to avoid. Drunkenness was no longer looked upon as a vice, impure love and dishonesty were unnoticed, and at this juncture a Teacher arrived with new doctrines diametrically ipposed to the ruling laws. Crowds fol lowed Him and the cause He advocated gainedstrength. He preached "Blessedare the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of God," and again, " Blessed are the clean of heart for they shall see* God. These are the doctrines that are tilling our convents and sanctuaries, and our churches with devout congregations. When God established His church on earth He left His apostles .to carry on the work. And who were those apostles ? Were they men of learning, of influence, or of wealth? No. God's way was entirely different to man's. He took ignorant fishermen, and sent them forth to instruct the people, liaptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Such was the founding of the church—a very humble beginning—.and now it was grown up and spreading its branches, giving shelter and comfoi-t to all who seek it. They had only to correspond with the few obligations imjiosed in order to lie true followers of Jesus Christ. If they failed they wotdd return to acknowledged error, but in the sacred tribunal of |>eniuice they could lie restored to God. Let fiarente set their children a good example, and they would grow up to walk in their' footsteps, and sacrifice even life itself rather than give up their faith. Let thein all remember that they had a soul to save, and he trusted that when life's journey WHS over they would one and all liea» the words " Come ye blessed of my Father and take possession of the kingdom prepared for you." After the sermon His Lordship administered die Papal benediction. Dr. Reville receited the Benedict; tion in Numurkali on Sunday evening, and again delivered an eloquent and hiehly instructive sermon on die Deration to the Sacred Heart. - Dr. Heville left Numurkali on Monday morning. 