ECHOES FROM LONDON. [By Oxosiax.] London, November 6. The Archbishop-designate can be brusque to a fault. Of him the London clergy say, "There arc no polished corners in our 'Temple.'" Nevertheless he received an enthusiastic ovation from his brother Bishops and members of Convocation on their meeting at i he Church House. The Archbishop of York, by the request of Dr. Temple, occupied St. Augustine's Chair, and the public were admitted to the gallery of the hall mainly, as was supposed, through the new Primate's influence. Peterborough, not having gone to Canterbury, has taken the See of London, and clergy and laity alike hope great things from him. Dr Creighton is said to have a keen seuse of humour. During a confirmation tour he was put up one evening in an old mauor-house. and slept in a room supposed to he haunted.' Next morning at breakfaafc the Bishop was asked if he had seen the ehost Yes," he replied with great solemnity, "but I have laid the spirit; it will never trouble you atrain." On being further interrogated as to, what ho had done, the Bishop said, "The ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription towards the restoration of Peterborough Cathedral." The Rev. Edward Carr Glyn will now have the responsibility of that venerable pile. The . new Bishop is a Chaplain in Ordinary to the Queen, Vicar of St. Mary Abbots, Kensington, and Rural Dean of Kensington. He is uncle to Lord Wolverton, and married Lady Mary Campbell, daughter of the Duke of Argyll. A morning paper payB Dr. Creighton a rather dubious compliment. "The promotion,' it says of Dr. Creighton, " will. be received with enenil satisfaction throughout the Diocese bf f 'eterborongh." This remark is equalled; and probably excelled, by a northern daily. A local canon, of great repute, was moved from one district to another. " Sinoe Caaor X.- has been among us," Baid the scribe, "the population of the town has increased in a remarkable manner." Mr. Goschen's proposal to add 5,000 men annually to the personnel of the Fleet is generally condemned. The number ib insufficient, and . on that point there is no stronger authority than that of Lord Charles Beresford. The proposed 5,000 will in no way keep up with the number required for the ships we are building, and year after year the cry " More men, not more ships," becomes more audible. At present we are 22,000 short of the force we should want in the event of a serious war. The-reserve of 25,000 is-a very good body of men so far as it goes,, but its ablest advocates know that the men have been trained with obsolete weapons and would have to be drilled for weeks with the new types of gun they would be expected to handle. At present the one duty of the Admiralty is to give this qnestion their main consideration, and no hands ought to be ilacidly folded in afternoon slumber at Whitesuch an arrangement lies heavily on Mr. Goschen, and the oountry generally will show . its impatience in February next if something practical is not forthcoming. The recent royal marriage has recalled tho storv of the Duke of Orleans and Sir Evelyn . Wood. The Duke left the service in consequence of a practical joke which might have caused the loss of valued lives. In the coarse of his duties he was present at Aldershot on a field-day. During the operations Sir Evelyn Wood and a field- officer of his staff ascended in a captive balloon for the purpose of getting a birdseye view of the mimic warfare. 1 'Out of sheer mischief, and probably with the objectpf showing his messmates what a real' Prince . could do, he drew his sword and cut thb rope holding - the balloon. The latter, on being released, darted up, and was soon lost to sight in the teeth of a gale. After the lapse of eome hours the occupants managed with -great diffi- . culty to reach mother earth, and then 1 the Due D'Orleans met his Sedan. Mr. Harper has been telling an eager public 1 little facts about the literary methods of Mr. Du Mauner. "I am-not a new. writer,"said - Du Maurier.on going to him.' "I have written all my life. ThbSeHilitle ^eries that can in Punch took more«tudy «f the ait of writing than a book would." ~That was' a reference to the bits of dialogue which appeared nnder the pictures. "Those bits of conversation," he said, "often took me longer to write than it took me to draw the picture which they illustrated." " Peter Ibbetson' 1 was only produced with a tremendous amount of care. The artist novelist translated it into French, read parts of it to his moBt trusted literary friends, erased and rewrote for yean before the book was launched, impelled to this laborious polishing perhaps as much by the high standard he naturally took from the group of literary workmen with whom he lived as by what he learned from the practice of his . own art. Sir Herbert Maxwell will not hear the end . of a speech he made to the Edinburgh B&va;&ts; for some time to come. Of Miss Corelli'* talents Sir Herbert Maxwell has a high appreciation. He recognises her enviable gut of composition and her ingenuity in invention. Nevertheless he holds " that the 'Sorrows of Satan' is a book wholly and. aetdv&y; evil." So far as Sir Herbert can see (ts Tnoral is that every man with srdeceht coat to his back is in secret a loathsome debauchee; that men are for ever trying to injure or outwit each other; that no politician or public man can attain distinction without a system of squaring the Press which Miss Corelli minutely cescribes as if from life. Finally, Sir Herbert Maxwell protested against thiR "delineating ignoble passion, suggesting treachery between man and man, gloating over deformity, and conveying * sense of the hopeless infirmity of human nature." Mr. Draper, whose puff-preliminary was bo astutely spoilt by the Globe newspaper, haa ' made a statutory declaration. This is no doubt a set off to his various misstatements during his stormy visit to our shores. The truth will out. even in an affidavit, and go we learn that Mr. Draper was born in Cape Colony, of English parents, but claims to be considered an Africander. He has,-however, never renounced bis English citizenship, or accepted Transvaal burghership. In 1866'he fought for the Boere of the Orange Biver Free State against tho Basutos, and did military service for the Boers in 1877 before the British occupation. When the Jameson raid took place Mr. Draper was getting a living as a "geological expert." He "was always paid in cash." And truly enough he appears to "have been hastening in another direction" when Dr. Jim was trymjr to force his way through. When, however, the raiders had b&en; deprived of their armB Mr. Draper was willing enough to come back, and then slipped cartridges into his rifle like a hero. He then'refused the burghership offered him, as thatcarried .with it the condition of fighting, and warfare against unarmed niggers was all that Mr. Draper undertook. "This miserable effort to reinstate himself in public opinion has met with derision on all sides, and the sooner he reaches Johannesburg and stays there the better. The Sessions House st Clerkesnwell was crowded this morning when Mr. and Mia. Castle, the San Franciscan citizens, wars placed in the dock for the post extensive robberies that private enterprise could undertake. Mrs. Castle appeared terribly;,: distressed by her position. Her sobs filled tho Court, and during counsels' speeches it was necessary to remove her from the dock. Mir. Avory's speech revealed a remarkable state of things, and fully bore out the account which appeared in these columns a few weeks back. .. Greatly to . the surprise of every one, Mrs. Castle pleaded guilty, and after a short speech from Sir Frank Lockwood the charge against the husband was withdrawn. Sir Edward Clarice addressed the Court in mitigation of sentence, and said the history of her case went to show that she belonged to that unfortunate class of persons, usually women, who were in no sense responsible for their actions in matters of this kind. Medical evidence would be given to HIIOW that she suffered from irregularities in her health such as were frequently associated with a disordered mental condition resulting in conduct of the sort in question. The bare facts of the case were indeed sufficient to prove that it was no ordinary case of theft. There was no pecuniary motive for the act, as her husband was possessed of the amplest means, and the thefts were committed in such a way that detection must ensue. Thus while staying at tho Hotel Cecil she had appropriated such things as toastracks and other articles actuallybearing the mark and name of the hotel. Dr. Savage and Dr. Grigg, eminent nerve and insanity specialists, confirmed Sir Edward Clarke's opening statement, and so also did Dr. Scott, the Medical Officer at Holloway- Gaol. When Mrs. Castle was brought.into Court to receive sentence she buried her face in her handkerchief, and little could be heard on account of her sobs and screams. The Chairman, however, had his duty to perform, which was neither more nor less than to administer the law as he found it, leaving any ultimate decision in the Home Secretary's hands. When the wretched woman heard tho sentence of three months' imprisonment her excitement increased tenfold, and it was not until several minutes had elapsed before the Court could proceed quietly with the next case. From first to last the proceedings cut have cost Mr. Castle little Iras than £10,000. 