AQUATICS. INTERCOLONIAL ETflHr-OAiED liACE. Sydney. Mav 17 The intercolonial eight-oared race was rowed on Saturday on the Parramatta River in ideal weather, and on an ebb tide. There were many thousands present at the start. The oars of the three crews struck the water well together, and Sloane at once set tl.e Victories a stroke of forty-two to the minute. Queensland rowed at forty-one and I ho New South Welshmen at thirty-seven. The nOWer nut ItV the Vir-r/iri»nain,». ^k« R ? » dnzen strok.s carriod th,-.,, well to the front of their rival-, un.l before two hundred yards had iK^n travesed they 1,1.1 * lead ,,f h\uf a length. New Soath Wales stuck lo Un-ni h,it Queensland dragged behind, and it was soon seen that I hey lacked power and even ness in their work, and th« pa.=e was such a clinker that they conld not hold on to the lenders. New South Wales at Walker's hospital had crept up to the Victorians hv quickening their stroke, but the dark blues responded to the call of their stroke and swung along preserving ihcir lieiuli fal Bwing and lime. Blailand's l'oint was passed in 4 min. Sfiseo., where Queensland was two lengths Miind, and tailing away fast. Ii look 7 rain. 47 see to reach Pulney, when- Queensland was seven Iengtlis in the rear, and withont a ghost of a chance. A ding dong fight between the Victorian and New South Wal« crews 'as kept up, the stamina shown by the Welsh men surprising the spectators. The Vie- I tonans. however, were rowing with delightful precision, and reached Gladesville in i'Smin 36 sec., a length ahead of New South Wales! Queensland at this point was in the rear of the umpire's boat, which was compelled to ' go ahead of them. They palled on to Abbotfiford, where they gave op apparently disgusted. Victoria still kept the lead put One Man's Uharf, which was reached in I£ min. 24 tec. Here the New Sooth Wales crew mide a gall nt epurt, and shortened the Victorian lead lo half-a-lengtl-. bat when the winning post was reached they were juar a length lieliind. The race was finished in 17min. 17aec, after a Bpiendid contest. The Victorian crew were much distressed. 