LAYING” A GHOST AT JUNEE. The Jimeo JJcmocmt reports:—For some time past persons who attend evening* service at the K.C. Clmrch have been startled by seeing* a weird and uncanny apparition which nightly took up a position in a meditative attitudo at the foot of the hill. Descripfcivo accounts of its nppcaraucc varied considerably. Some wero positive it resembled an old hairy man with a long and silvory beard and a countenance which boro that mild and bene volent aspect peculiar to the man who com bines the duties of a church elder with the directorship of a bogus hank, while the des criptions of others loft the impression that it was something which was a cross between a bunyip and a load of wood. One individual who had resided in a place named Kiama during a ghost scare there was certain it was a celebrated statesman who was enjoying a holiday up here in his usual sportive fashion. Tho fact that Ids ghostship showed a strong partiality for youug and lovely maidens strengthened this impression; however, a who from Sydney proved this to be a vile and baseless slander* on a “good old man.7’ A plucky resident (may his shadow never grow less!) determined to solve the mystery or know tho reason why. So arming himself with a breechloader and 21 rounds of imunnnition he, as tho shades of night were falling fast, quietly wended his way to the haunted spot, and there, taking up an entrenched position on his stomach, quietly waited. It rapidly grew dark, and still he waited. Presently “It” appeared; the only thing he could dis cern plainly was two large eyes, which glowed with unnatural brightness. Now, at tho supreme moment our hero’s resolution never wavered in tho least, but with undaunted courage, and with a voice rendered shaky with emotion,.he called out—“In the name of Queen Victoria and tho Empress of India I will on you to stand, or I’ll fire ?” It stood. “If you have any to say spake out? In the name of St. Patrick spake?” Just hero the apparition deliberately* closed one oyc,^ but remained silent. “I’ll ask you three times to spake, and if you don’t I’ll give you the contents of both barrels ! One, will you spake ? Twice, will you spake ? TJurd and last time, will you spake?”’ Bang! Bang! and a wounded cow dashed madly towards the distant horizon bellowing mournfully. And thus the Junee ghost was laid! 