STOEIES OF FAMOUS .?? V SONGS. »— ? ♦ ? .H . (Br S, J. Apair Fitz-Gerau).) ' ': 'RULE, BRITANNIA,' . , , It is a strange— a wonderful eoinoi« ' denoe, that to tho yeav 1740 wa aro in« dotted for tho first appearance in publio :; ; of two of our moat popular and most ':, ; ? national songs— I rof or to ' Tho Konfit . v Eoof of Old England,' by Henry Mold ,-:?''?- ing, and ?? Rulo, Britannia,' by James Thomson} whilo jusfc nineteon yoavs later appealed tho magniflcont patrio . ?.'. tie song, 'Hoarta of Oak,' written* by David Garriok, who had a pretty wit for turning a ballad, and com posed' by Dr. Boyco. Tho 'Roast Beef 'waa adapted to tho trnio composed b,y Richard Lovoridgo about, 1728, who «lso wroto words at tho time. The song with Holding's lyrio waa published in Walsh's *' British MiscoUnny ' about W40. Tho authorship of 'Rule, '; Britannia' haa boou disputed j some ; , authorities ati owq time inolining to tho belief that, aa David Mallets waa con , cernad with .Thomson in writing tho , . masque, 'Alfred,' in whioh tho ode Was Originally sung, ho waa tho ?writer, I will first givo a quotation from W, Chnppol's ' National English Airs ':—'« Rule, Britannia,1 from tho masque of * Alfred,' coinposod by Dr. \- Arno, This masquo was written by . James - Thomson and David Mallot;, ! \ and wag porformed in tho gavdona of CHofden Houso in commemoration of the .acoossioi} of George I,, and in v ' honov of tho birthday of tho Princosp of Brunswick, on August 1, 1740, It waa af terwarda altered into an opera '; (by tho samo composer) and porformed v at Covonfc Garden in 1745 5 and after '? ', ihe doath of Thompson, whioh occurred / in 1748, it was again entiroly remodelled by Mallot, sparooly any part of tho first being retained, aud performed at Drury Lano in 1751. Tho, words of Rulo Britannia' wovo, howevor, wi'itten by Thomson.' It waa already a celebrated song in 1745, for, during tho Jaeobito robollion in the North of that year, tho Jacobites, with oonsum 1 mnte impudence, took the lay aud altered tho words to suit thoir own cause, and termed it their 'National' song, Handel mado use of the air in ; , his ' Occasional Oratorio,' with slight variation, to words beginning— War shall cease, Woloome, poaoo! , -in 1746. When Mallob altered tho opera or niasque'Alfred'itprovedafearfnlfiasco- :'?' and it was not till Thomson waa dead that he claimed tho odo as his own ? ? composition — a composition whioh , Southey (including tho music, of course), said would bo ' tho political hymn of this country aa long aa Bho maintains her political powor.' Yet the song ?' ' , was aotually published in Edinburgh . in tho second odition of a well-known Bong-book , during Mallot's lifetime, with Thompson's iuitiala, and nppnr ( .'',.. ently Mallet made no stir. , ' . David Mallot oarnod much notorioty M a purloinor of othor pooplo'a wares, and hia Jmposturo with regard to ? 'Mai'garot'a Ghost' is anoient history to studonta of old ballads and Poroy's 'Roliquoa' I will givo an extract . from, a contribution by tho tote. William OhappoU of « Po^uhu1 Musio of tho Olden Tirao' fame, to 'Notes and ? Queries,' November 20, 1880 ;— ' I will :? '' now refer to'« Alfred.' It waa performed . ft second tinw at Cliofden Houso with groat Bu.ec.ess, nnd soon 'Rule Britannia-* became a national song. In 1745 'Alfred' was altered into an opera ??'?? byDr, Ajrne,» tho prinoipal vocal part . being tokou by Mra».Arno,Mi8s Young, . Mra^ybilla, audMiv Lowa at Covont * Garden (this was for tho bonoflt of Mra.ATno),au(iturnod into amuaioal drama at Drury Lane, both in tho samo . year,, I» 1748 James Thomson, tho poet, died from fovor, and that sug' V . goatod to Mallat tho idea of robbing his *~ friend and fellowoountryraan (thoy .wero both Scottish) of his aharo of tho crodit-.he had gained by tho triple pro duotlon of '''Alfred,' and ospooially by th»-»ode j.bufc Dr. Arno, who outlivod ' Thomson, and Mallet till 1788, stood ' always iu , Mallot'a wny. It waa his rauflio to *Rulo, Britannia' that had boon one .groat cauao of tho suceosg, and oyejrybody know that the odo had boon, written by Thomson, who gavo the* worda to Arno to sot to music and many thousands of copies had been printed within tho ten or olovou yoars that had elapsod. In tho moan time ' Mallet had recoivod a commission to writo the lifq of tho great Dulto of Marlborough, f or whioh ho had rocoivod \ .£1,000, from tho duchess and an annuity from thu duke to expudito Iu'q labours.' Tho uao ho mado of the money is thus told in tho 'Bjographia Dramation,' 1812, aud olsowhoro s— 'Np, 143, * Alfred,' a Masque by David Mullet, acted tit Drnry Lano: ' 8V0., Iih\\- This U tho play of Messrs, ; ' .' Thomson aud Mallot, outiroly new ; modelled by tho latter, no part of tho first being retained but a fow linos, Though oxcollontly performed it was not vory successful. Tho prolagno was written by tho Earl of Cork. It has ' been said that Mallet proourod ? Alfred ' . to be performed at Dnjry Lano by in : ' (inuating to Garriok thaViuhia in tondod ? Life of the Duko of Marlbo rough' ho should, by an . ingenious' de- vioo, flud a nioho for tho Rosoiua of the ago, 'My dear friend,' said Gavrick, ' have you left off writing for the stage ? ' Tho hint was taken, and 'AlfrodJ was producod. Garrick himself afterwards tried to turn Mallot'a failuro aa a masquo into a tragedy in 1773, to recover somo of tho money ho had lost upon it, but he waa no moro successful than boforo. Ma.llot'a «Lifo of tho Duko of Marl borough' waa paid for, but novor written, Mullet omployed Lord Boling broko to writo Ihroo additional verses for 'Rulo, Britannia,' to roplaco throo of Thompson's (whioh ho would novor havo done if they had boon his own) 3 but the publio would not havo now vorses, and insisted upon Thomson's, whioh they know.' The rost of David Mallet's shameful life will bo found in any English biography. Ho enjoyed a con sidorablo pension, whioh had boon be stowod on him for hie success in turn ing tho publio vongoanco upon Admiral Byng by means of alottor of acousatiou undor tho charaoter of' A Plain Man.' That ponsion waa Mallet's blood monoy. Ho had also a logaoy of tho copyright of Lord Boliugbroko's 'Work's,' Bolingbroko having, omployod him to ' blnst tho memory , of Popo '— ' an office which he oxecutod with all tho malignity that hia employer could wish.' Mallet had boon a thorough parasite to Popo boforo, and Boling broko waa tho wrotohad hypocrite whom Popo, by leaving all his MSS. to him, had made tho guardian of his oharaoter. No Scotohman would attend Mallot's funeral 5 but a monument was raised by publio subscription to tho momory of James Thomson in West minster Abbey. Mallot'a real namo waa Mallooh, and ho diod in 17G5, aged sixty. Mallot did not writo 'Mar- gavet'a Ghost,' as is gonerally stated, for the piooo was printed in tho reign of Quoon Anne. 