POETRY. KOBLE EFFORTS & HUMAN PERFIDY .. .. (With. Apobjgies). Ws all^reiy wellfor' preachm', - \- But pre&ciiin;'and jiractipe don't gee; Fvegivcn-tbe things &ir; trial. ; And you can't ring it in on me; . So skip along with your pledge, Boss, If that^s what you want !me to sign, Between jme and yoni I've been there, \- And I'U not take anyin mine. Ayearagofostov April;" A. lot of the ielleis^fasiieie, And got cornered aa^ signed the pledge ~ For tip drink no more that vear. , • Thke'-was •''ColibanOoVand" Bailiff, -•Baldy^BroOksandl i T.A.aad-dearoidG80$r, ;,- , ~BabbitM'Le«r,«iideilty Fiy. . Aid weantie^up flgl»b^»eqe -^Morigst thelellere as kept bom beer. ': Andave knowqd each other so well, Boca You may taketny noh for alool, If every man when he signeid his name Didn't feel dead sure of the pool. Fora while it aU went hummin'; We pnt np. a job next day To make Mac think his wife was dead, And he went home middlin' gay. Then T. A. killed a Jew For trottin' him at a furniture sale; And afore he was hung old Goody Managed togethim safeboozed In gaol But Christmas scooped die Bailiff . Long sleevers gathered him in; The Coliban Cob" and Goody St. -Patrick's Day were tight as sin. And next day Fry and Brooks Got so dnmk-that a fresh-b'iled-owl Would'«looked 'iongade them two old men Like a sober temperance fowL For a week alone I walked the chalk, I thought iriyheart would break; And all them fellers a-slappin' my back And askin' " WhatfU you take"!i" I -never slep' .without dreamin' dreams Of Barnes, of malt or rye Bat 1 dug graves, drove the old moke, swore I'd Take that pool or die. At last—the fust—a man died and I " shoved him down" pretty soon, Then scooted to Smith's pub, For the pledge was oS at noon. And all the fellers was there . And each man beld his glass, Watchin' me and the clock quite solemnlike . For to see the last minute pass. The clock'stnick"T21 liaised the dipper And took one fearful poll; I was holler clear from skull to boots; It seemed I couldn't get full. But I was roused by a fiendish laugh That might have raised the dead- Goody and Fry had set the clock A full half- hour ahead 1 " All right," I snapped, " You've got me, You've fairlv let me in, " We'll just padtlle down to Yorkey's " And scoop the ante in." But when we got to Yorkey's ril never forget the sight we saw I T. A-'s ghost loudly preachln' 'Bout brotherly love an' ethical law. They'd been there half die morning, T.A.'s shade luck was fair, It had just raked in as we got there The last of our pool—a collection— with care. So toddle along with your pledge, boss, I allow it's all veiy fine, But as for myself, thank you, ril not take any in mine. Denis Gleesok. 