t 'GREAT WRONG: OR, THE MYSTJSJtY OF BLACK XlOIr .. J.o,w"GIiANGJH. , CHAPTER VT. — Continued. " He insulted mo, nnd I Blabbed Mm," she Explained, as she turned toward the novr- lomor — "not Beriously, however, as I struck Sim in tho- shoulder. I think he has tainted 1" "No, I haven't," growled the wounded nan, getting on his feet again ; ' but you've riven me an ugly woudd, and I'll hare your ufo for it." " Stand back, sir," thundered tbo other' nan, his tall head toworing above them. "If the wound was in your craven heart, 'twould lerve you right. IIow dare, you insult a soman J" Then turning toward Lenoro, he removed his Highlaud cap, nnd said : " I beg your.pardon, madam. If there is »ny assistance I can renddr you, I am at four sorviee." Something in the kingly form and massive brow, and in tbo deferential voico, inspired the girl with a feeling of confidence. " If you please, sir, put me in the right way to Piedmont Station," fshe - said, quietly. " Certainly j this way, if yon please j Pied mont lies to our left;" he repliud, bowing tow before her, ns he added, "Allow mo to guide you thither." Ho started on, and, without .a word, Miss Irevethon walked by his side, lenving her woujjed admirer standing in the moonlit fiath, His dark face grew fearfully thrcaten- ng as he gazed after her. "An oyc for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a blow for a blow— that's my code," -he mut tered, ids teeth Bet. "I'd know you in Hades, with your glittering eyes and yellow hair, my termagent, and I'll hunt creation over, hue I'll find you nnd settle thlB score." Meanwhile Miss Trcvethon accompanied her guide, until the lights of Piedmont twinkled through the gloom. He had not asked her a single qucBlioii rolntivo to her ,strango position. He merely gave her that courteous care which every true man owes to an unprotected woman, and the girl's henrc acknowledged this chivalrous kindness with a thrill of admiring interest each as no other man had ever awakoned. "I see the train just coming," he remnrked, as they reached the platform. "We are just in time. Are you going far f " r "Only to the next station, sir.1'' ' "If you are at all afraid, and would like me to do so, I will cheerfully accompany you to your journey's end." Lenoro Bmiled up at him, and put out her slim, wbftc hand, its diamonds and emeralds flashing in' the light. " I thank you sincerely, sir, but tbere is no necessity. I Bhall be quite safe, now, and I will not trespass upon your kindness any farther. You have done me a great service, and I am grateful." . - He took the soft band and bowed his hand some head over it. "Ob, you aro more thnn welcome I I only wish I could further oblige you." , The train came steaming up. ' "You are sure," he continued, " there ii nothing more I can do for you 7" " Nothing, sir, thank you, unless yon will tell me the name of the man who does not hesitate to pay duo deference to n lady, even if her position obnuccB to be question able." t The towering fiend was bared 'again, and cowed before lier. , " My name is Ambrose Gerhart." ' " I shall not forget it, nor tho sorvico yon nave done mo," she replied, as ha assited her on hoard the train. The carriage door closed, tho engine ut tered a shriek, and flew on again ; hut stand ing in tho moonlight, Ambrose saw the fair face and radiant eyes froinjthe window, and once mora lifted bis cap. " She is somo princess in disguise," he murmured. " A lady one can see nt a glance, and as lovely as one dreams tho angels nro I There are no such women as she in my world i I wonder if I shall ever see her agnin ?" Ho sighed as the red light on the rear of tho flying trnin faded in thedistnnce, nnd the next moment broke into a laugh at his own folly. " What a fool I am," ho muttered, "not to be content with what I've pot I If one has the glow-worms, why should one pine for the stars? Ail, well, 1 won't stand here nnd dream ; my good mother's oat-cakes will all spoil with waiting, and the lamha and kids are to bo folded yet." He drew bis Highland cap over his cluster- mg looks and strode on at a rapid pace, At the extreme edge of the Black Hollow, oelow the manor, be saw a strange figure ad vancing toward him in tho moonlight — the figure of an old man, bent nnd stooping, with aead and benrd liko snow. ' " Who comes now ?" thought Ambrose. ' No such character 'as thnt inhabits these parts. Who can he bo?" " Hello I good father I" be exclaimed aloud, « which way nro yon faring?" The old figure .paused, and turned on Ambrose a face that looked strikingly youth ful in contrast with his snowy looks, " X, air ? Whore nm I going? Why, back to Moroton House, to bo Bure I Hid they send you to hurry mo ? I've overstayed my time, I confess." "No, sir, no ono lias sent for you I I 'merely asked which way you were going; you look nB.if you might bo a stranger hero- shouts." '. Tho old man ntroked his rippling white ocdrd, and laughed n soft, musical lnugli. "Do I? Ah,, well, I .'suppose I am a stranger; this is an odd world, nnd it puzzles me. Yes, yes, I'm a stranger. I've' been stopping nt tho old manor yondor." " What? Tho haunted manor ?" "The haunted 'manor, air, making the ghosts a visit. I'm not afraid of them." "And what may your namo bo, 'sir? If you'll allow mo to'ask. ' " My name, young sir? Wull, they call mo Ring Lear at tho Moreton House, and that'll do for you. I had nnothor namo once, but no matter. When the time comes you shall hear it, Somo folks-cali mo a lunatic ; do you think I look like one?" "L think you look liko a gentleman. I Should take you for one of the old lords that used to live up yonder." " Would you, now 7- Ha I ha I lie I What an observing young man you are. And your faco, Heavon bless me, whero have I seen you before?" ; . "I think this is our first meeting, King Lear." " Will yousmile again, if you plciise, young man?" .. - ' Ambrose showed all his white teeth. " Good heavenB, what a likeness t I never .law suoh a likeness. The very smilo, nnda clear-cut, manly face.- Young sir, will you tell ma your name ?" "Ambrose Gorlmrt, sir." / And you live In thcBo parts ?" . fin tho oottago below there. Supposo you go down with mo ; tho night Is advanced, and I must hurry on, or my good mother's oat cakes will spoil with waiting." , "Nay, thanking you all tho snme,' but I must hurry on, I am going bsok to the Moreton IIouso, and I've overstayed my time now, I only run down onoo in a while to look after tbo old house. It is going to iuin sadly, and it brenks my heart to see it. But as soon as I get affairs untangled, nnd secure the ruins again, ond between ua young man, I eras a fool to let them slin. I'll hbld fast and then I shall have the Grange repaired and thrown open for visitors. I shnll be glad to see you. Mr. Gerhart, for I'm.particu- larlystruokwlth your face. No doubt you've beard of the Trovetbons ?" "Oh, vei, sir; I've soen Sir Gooffroy Tre- vothon 1" " Indeed I May I ask when nnd where I" I ' At Lyndltli Ilall, whero he now lives.1- bf Sir Ctoffrat Trcvethon ? Mr. Gerhart. are you sure you snw him ?" " Iam indeed." ' ' , .. , " Sir Geoffrey 1 Well, bless mysoul, this ia an odd world I You saw Sir Gooftaoy Trevethon at Lyndtth Hall I" Ambrose smiled at what ho believed to be a madman's vagaries. "I certainly snw him at Lyndith Hall. About two years ago I went across with a drove of cattle, and I saw Sir Geoffrey, nnd a very pleasant and hospitable gentleman he 'S'" No doubt. Ha I ha I ba I the best joke ii the soBSon that. I really think, Mr. Gcr- nart, we shall he compelled to have yon at Moreton House. You surely belong there. But, bless my soul, I must hurry on I Good night. I shall look to soe you when I open Dho'Grnngo." " Well," mused Ambrose, watching him ns ne disappeared, '! the lost wonder is greater than the first. Who can ho be ? A mad man, of course ; but ho has the air of a gentleman. CHAPTER VII. AN EMBARRASSING RECOGNITION. Miss Trevethon sat in the breakfast parlor of the Highland Inn, on the morning follow ing her wild adventure, a trifle pale, a little more subdued and thoughtful than was her wont, hut imperially calm and self-con- tnlned. . , . She was dressed in a morning robe of crisp muslin, with an uncut-book in her fair liana, and hor eyes bent upon tho bluo peaks that ' lay beyond the open window. Sir Geoffrey, fresh and genial after his day at deer-stalking came in. " Lenore, my dear, how freBh and fair you look. This Iiighlnnd air agrees with you. Pat by your hook a minute, please ; I come with news for you. " News again, Bir Geoffrey ? Pray, whht is it this time?" " Nows agnin, my dear— tho best of neyra ; .and, ns you dislike guessing, I'll reveal it at once. My son, Richmond, reached the lodge inst night." For ono swift instant Miss Trevethon's imperial calm was disturbed. She started slightly nud bit her Hps. Tho news of the return of her betrothed was not at all wel come. But in the next breath she was ber queenly self again. " He has came at last, then," she re sponded. ' At last," Bir Geoffrey contiaued. " He arrived at Lyndith Hall only a day or two nftor our departure, and came on nt once to join us, but, unfortunately, lost bis way, and last night he met with an accident, "An nocldent?'' " Yes ; but pray do not bo alarmed, my dear ; tbore is nothing serious." Miss Trevethon's laugh was by no means flattering to the baronet. "Dear me, Sir Geoffroy, I am not at all alarmed," she answered, lightly ; "nnd, beg ging your pardon, not much concerned. But what Was the nature of the accident, and how did it happen?" Sir Geoffrey's brdw contracted in an omi nous frown, but ho answered, qulto plea santly : " He was attacked on the highway, and he received a wound in the shoulder, not seri ous, as I said, but quite painful ; and as he shows some disposition to fever, the phy sician enjoins entire quietude, for a day or two nt least. Naturally, my dear, he is quite impatient to see you, and, fearing he may rebel against orders, I am here to beg that you will do mo the favor to walk ovor to toe . lodge." The young lady arches her haughty brows. " You want mo to go and see Richmond? That's what yon mean, isn't it, Sir Geoffrey?" sha questions. " Precisely, my doar." " Well, I'm sorry to disoblige you, but since tho young man has been so very tardy about his return from nbrond, I must beg leave to decline tbe honor of running down to welcome btm. If there is danger of death I'll go, otherwise wo can await his reco very." Sbo rises and walks over to tho window with tho air of a born queen. Her guardian's eyes follow her with a look that leads one to think that under the velvet glovo be wears is the, iron hand, strong and merciless when thu occasion requires. But he answers pleasantly : "As you will, my dear; butthe poor follow will bo disappointed." "Ho won't break his heart, Sir Geoffrey," she replies. She watches the blue hills with weary eyes as ho leaves the room, her thoughts going back to tho old manor and to her ad ventures of yesterday, and, for tho first timn in her life, she shudders with disgust at the thought of her formal marriage with this long abseqt Richmond. "At last I" sho murmured, " at last I He is here, and my freedom will soon end, 1 wish to Heaven I were dead, nnd lying in tho Black Hollow by my poor mother's Bide," Two dayB went by before tbe baronet's son was able to, leavo bis room, so painful were tho effects- of bio wound ; ana in all that time Miss Trevethon did not once visit tbo lodge. Lady Hnlstend tried persuasions and severe words, but the young lady was not to be moved. Go to sec her future hus band Bhe would not ; but the tiny ring, tbe symbol of their childish marriage, still hung in her bosom, and she had no thought of dis obeying her father's will. On the third day tho young man received permission to go out ; and, as may he imag ined, his first visit was to his cousin. Clotildc announced Geoffrey and bis ion, and then directly withdrew. With high-bred composure, but with a secret flutter at her heart, Miss Trevethon urine to receive her bridegroom, " My dear Lenore, here ho is at last, "cried tho baronet, "this laggard lover of yours, and I only hope you'll give him his deierts. Come, $uu do not need to be introduced." mtsu irevecuon oows, ana cue young man advances ; then both stand nnd stare for a few moments in petrified amazement. " Heavens above I" ejaculates Richmond, at last breaking tho embarrassing silence, a ' aurious expression croBBlng his swartny face. Lenoro says nothing, but ber eyes darken, and her red lips settlo in a determined 'lino. " Well, my dears, why don't you shake bands ?" ories the astounded baronet. Richmond reddens, hesitates, and then ad vances with proffered hand. How aro you, Cousin Lenoro, I am very glad to sea yon 1" She waves away his offered band, and throws up her graceful head. " I ennuot touch your hand, Bir. Btuua back, .if you please," sho says, her voice like , a; flute. " You ore tho man who was cow ardly enough to attack an unprotected woman when sho asked a simple civility of you 1 Do you not know mo, sir ? Ah I see that you do, Sir Geoffroy I" turning to hor guardian, hor face all aglow with Indigna tion. "Hear me 1 I had no intention of tel ling you of my escapade, but I will, The day you went on the door hunt I ran away from Clotilda and made a visit to Black Hollow Grnngo. Do not look so iuoredulous. I did I It is only natural that I should want to seo the place wlioro my parontB were mur dered." Sir Geoffrey's face grows as white as death, and his oyes resemble thOBe ot a blqod-thlrsty beast, but his ward goes fear lessly on. "I was In the old houso, aud Imd quito a strange adventure, which belated mo, and, on my return, 1 lost my way, I encountered the man who Btauds before me, and asked him. to put mo in tlio right road, and he basely insulted me I Let him deny it if he dare ; Sir Geoffrey, you are mistaken your self, or yon nro trying to impose on mo. Thai man u not your ton ; ho is not a Trove- thon I No man, with a single drop of Trove- thon blood in his voins, would bo Buoh a das tard as to insult n woman I" Tha baronet cowers away from hor blazing oyes with thu faeu of a muii comic toil of Bomo shameful crime ; but his eon pushes forward, lila swarthy lace flushing hot with .MWS — " Yes, I am his son," he retorts, Ms white teeth set hard together ; " I am his son, and,1' what is more, I nm your husband, my fiery beauty ; and you'll do well to curb that sharp tonguo of yours." " My husband ? Hear tho lunatic I He calls himself my husband," laughB Lenore, Richmond Trevethon looks at her fair, do- flant face wRk eyes thnt glow with mingled anger and admiration. " Your husband, yes," ho repeats, " by a marringc in our childhood ; by your doad father's commnud." Theroom rings with her scornful laughter. " Our marriage in childhood was no mar- riogu at all," sho answers ; " and if my dead, father Bhould rise from tbe grave and com mand mo to marry you I would refuso. Dis obedience may be a sin, but to mate with one like you would be rushing mudly to seoure a lifo of misery." " Hush I uon't speak rashly ; you'll Tepent of such bitter worda by nnd by," ho sayB, as suming a conciliatory manner and attempt ing to take her linnd. " How could 1 even dream of meeting you at such an hoar and in such a place ? You must forget that foolish encounter." "I shall never forget it, sir," shs cries, recoiling from bis touch with undisguised horror and aversion, " No matter whether you knew mo or not, I was a woman, and I asked a kindness at your hands and you in sulted me. Tbe vilest man that lived could do no worse than that.. Stand back, sir ; do not venture near me. I have my little weapon still, and the next blow may strike home." Sho draws a jewelled dagger from her bosom ond flashes it before hiseyeB. He falls back, grinding out a brutal oath between bis set teeth, " Gome, come," ories Sir Geoffrey coming forward, " this will never do. Lenore, my dear, put up your dagger ; it is a dangerous toy, and I must beg that you will cease carry ing it. Do not ho rude, my son, I beg of you. You two cannot afford to quarrel." " Yes, wo can," interposes Lenoro ; " we can afford to quarrel aud to part. You may go, sir," bowing to her Jover with imperial scorn ; " there ia no need that you nnd I should ever meet again." " Yes, there is, by Gcorgo," tho young man bursts forth. " Last night's account is to be settled yet, nnd I'll settle it with a vengeance, too, when the time comes." His father takes his arm and pushes him aside. " Richmond, be silent I" be commands ; " leave the mAtter to me. Lenore, my dear, you must remember — " She cuts him short with a gesture of im perious disdain. " No need to remember, Sir Geoffrey," she cries ; " less need to waste your breath. Hear me, and then have done with' it. All my lifo my intention has.becn to abide by tbe latter of my father's will, and make good my childish marriage witii your son ; but seeing him now as I do, a man whose face betrayB his habits, n man who does not scruple to in sult an unprotected woman, I would die a score of violent deaths rather than become his wife. Tho Trevethon heritage must go, my poor father's will must bo disregarded. OE tho two evils I choose the lesser oue. You have my decision in regard to tbe matter, Sir Geoffrey, and I bid you good- morning." She aakcB them a graceful obeisance, and sweeps from the room like nnd empress. Father and con stand face to face for a fall minute. " Woll I" questioned the baronet then. " Sbo shall bo my wife," replies the son, Mb dark face flushing hotly ; " and once mine I'll pay her with intcreBt for all this." "She'll pay yon, you mean," retorts Sir Geoffrey. "She's more than a match for yon, you bungling idiot. If you bad harkened to ue she might have been your wife twelve months ago." "That may be, but she shall bo mine, 'nevertheless. I swore to have my revenge tbe night the stabbed mo. Ourso her, I doubly swear it now." His father seizes him by the collar and gives him a vicious shake, " Silence, you fool," he thunders. "You'll ruin everything with your infernal temper. Let your revcuge rest. To secure tho Treve thon wealth iB our object. Don't forget tbe very bread we eat comes from this girl's bounty, and even your incomo iB of hor giving. Let her slip and we are both bog gart." CHAPTER VIII. .. THE WAR BEGINS. Lenoro sat at the window of her chamber at Lyndith Hall, near the cIobo of a Btoriny day, gazing far out at tho angry waves beat ing ou the shore. " Nsver croBS a bridge till you come to It," ho mused, bending her pensive eyes upon tho tossing waves. " Sir Geoffroy and his Bon make no alliiBion to this hateful mar riage, ond why should I ? I earnestly hope they have accepted my decision and made un their minds to abide by it, bnt I fear it is not so. It will bo haid with Sir Geoffroy to loBe his lion's sbaro of my fortune. I have a fancy that there's trouble ahead. I think my worthy guardian's face suggests some thing that isn't exactly qnite submission. " Well, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. When I get nearer to my twontv. first birthday it will be quite time enough to give the unpleasant affair my BeriouB atten tion. Marry thnt wretch I never will. Ah, what a dreadful mistake my poor father mado when he suffered that childish marriage to go on I " And yet," she added, taking the tiny ring from her boiom, " I cannot bear to take this little trinket off. I cannot halp regarding that marriage of my childhood, which my mother nnd father witnessed nnd sanctioned, us something Bncred and binding, nnd whioh I dnre not repudinto. And yet I can novel becomeRiohmond Trovothon's wife. Was ever mortal woman in such a straight be fore ?" Witii a moan of anguish sho bowed hor head upon her folded arms, nnd her thoughts soon driftod from hor trouble to that subjeot which bo frequently engrossed tbem— tbe mystery of Black Hollow Grange. A double mystery it had become since her eventful visit to tho old manor ; and the re membrance of that ghostly face which peered down upon her haunted her waking hours and filled all Iter dreams. Was it a ghastly thing from tha land of shadows or a living, human face ? Sha wus resolved to knofr, and yet she could not summon courage sufficient to mnke a second visit to the manor. To speak to her guardian was out of tho question ; and wrhon on ono or two occasions she begged Clotilclo to accompany her, and related to hor tho events of her former viBit, tho woman trembled witii terror. " Ask mo to die for you MIbs Lenoro, and 1'U do it willingly, but do not ask mo to go near tho accursed place." Ilonee, Miss Trevethon brooded over the mystery, and deferred hor second visit, until a muBt, absurd idea got possession of her mind. She fancied that hor father might have been shut up in the old house, and that It was his living face bIic saw. The idea was cortainly an absurd one, but it so possessed her, and her desire to solvo the myBtery be came so great, that she determined to write a lettur to Ambrose Gerhart, and beg him to assist her, Sho remembered his name well, and his handsome face and courteous bearing ovon better : she recalled also tbe mention the poasnnt woman made of him, ns being tho only person who had ovor dared to vonture wit Inn .tho Haunted Manor. If any ono could nsslstlicr this man could ; so the young lady put aside all sorupleB, nnd wrote him a trauk letter, disclosing tho fact that sbo was the dnnghter of tho missing baronet and tbe murdered lady, and begging liim to assist her in Bolving tho mystery which hung ovor her father's namo. Sho directed her letter to Piedmont Station, and awaited an answer witii feverish impatience. " Two weeks.bavo passed Blnco tbo letter went, and surely I shall seen get an anBwer," she thought, as the duBk of tbe wintry twi light began to gather round her. 