An Electrical Man, A genius in Tonawanda, ■ N. Y., has constructed an electrical man. It is made of steel, and furnished with a storage battery capable of holding electricity enough to run it twenty-four hours at a Of course, it isn’t alive, and yet, for. all ordinary purposes, it can fill the office of a man. In some respects it will be an improvement on the ordinary man. It, won’t swear, steal, nor talk finance at the store while one’s:wife does washing and kills potato bugs at home. In fact, it doesn’t talk at all. This quality, would have made it an excellent presidential possibility in the earlier part of the sea The inventor of this modest and unas suming creature is a man of wealth, and will immediately engage in the manu facture of electrical men on a,. large scale. We cannot have too many of them. In case of military conscription, a better substitute can hardly be con ceived. Should we become embroiled in a war with any European monarehial ef feteness, it would only be necessary tc send an army of electrical men against them. Such troops would need no over coats; neither would they be susceptible to sunstroke. No matter what confront ed them, they would trudge right ahead. The Six Hundred that undertook to drive Russia out of the Crimea, and whose foolhardiness gave Tennyson such a nightmare of metre and rhyme, wouldn’t stand a ghost of a show in a race for fame along with a regiment, of freshly-charged, steel-ribbed electrical men. Here is your ideal soldier. The electrical man can be put to many practical uses, such as ploughing for 'the farmer and d,oing odd chores around the house. Several of the, eastern cities have a surplus of women. They will be un able to find husbands without going west. Of course, no one will claim that as a husband an electrical man would be preferred to a man of flesh and tobacco. But when a woman finds herself slowly slipping down the decline of spinster- : hood, she's not apt to he squeamish about her partner having such superfi cial accomplishments as a talent for music, a flowing penmanship, or the ab ility to use cuss words. , Every family will undoubtedly soon have an electrical man to take care of the bees, arrange the line fence with the ■adjoining neighbor, and to be interview ed by book agents. Dress one in petti coats. and a. more desirable chaperon could hardly be imagined. Let us all extend the hand of fellow ship to our iron hr other. 