CHILDREN'S COLUMN. BATT1STO MUERTA'S PLOT. AND THE PART THAT PEDRO PLAYED. '-' -Kiin fell 'in torrents from the gray-black c!6uda; the darkr ess deepened rapidly, dis pelled at brief intervals by the recurring flashes of the lightning. In the heart of the storm a little body of English dragoons ?was sullenly splashing and floundering along the drenched road between Grana dilla and Robledo. They were soaked to the skin and faint from long fas ing, but tbeir gloomy silence was due to neither rain nor hunger. After a hard-won victory — the famous fight of Talavera — they .were retreating before the French : forces, and this filled them with rage and shame. , Beside the grim figure of Ssrgeant-M*jor Barton, Lieutenant Trevo* was iiding with slack reins, leaving his clever mount to pick her own way in the Tutty road. ',' Don't you worry about Wellesley, Barton,' he replied with a merry laugh to fcome gruff remark of his subordinate. 'The man who was too clever for S.mlt t»nd Victor knows what he is about. Whew ! what a peal of thunder— just like artillery on the heights yonder !' A trooper galloped alongside and saluted. 'Major Brace wishes a few words with you, sir.' , 'Eight. Get on, Swallow!' He spurred bis Bleed into a gallop, and passing file after file of the grey- coated men, he was eoon, beside the leader's mare. ...Major Bruce, who was in charge of the little force, was a man of obstinate and headstrong .. temper. His , dashing valor and bull-dog tenacity, qualities which had gained him his present poBt at the rear of lLn .AUnntinn itwvtYT mnnl^ itATTA lioan mAPQ l/UO coiaeauiijg aiuij-, vruuiu uttvu u^ou *uv&u; valuable had they been supported by cau tion and strategical power, in which he was sadly lacking. His orders as head of the rear guard were to watch for and report any Undue advance on the part of the hostile army that was following the British forces. . 'Well, Trevor,' he said, as the hand some young subaltern came abreast of him, ** we can't be far from the little village we ^noticed on the map — San Marco, was it ihot ? Send forward a sergeant and a couple of men to find the road and. to get news from the first peasants they see. If San M irco is near we will halt there for the night.' The lieutenant gave the requisite ordere, the troopers appointed pushed on ahead, and the rest of the little cavalcade con tinued its march. ? Soon, the scouta returned, the sergeant ?with a terrified Spanish boy before him in the saddle. . 'The road divides just ahead, sir,' he reported. ' There are a couple of houses there, quite deserted, but Dunn caught this little chap in a cow-shad juet by, no I brought him back. But he has done nought but howl and kick, sir.' The major, frowning at the small and Shrieking captive, addressed him Bternly in the best Spanish ho oould muster. ' Stop your shouts, you howling brat, and answer, or. I will have you shot. How far off is San Marco ? Which is the way i And— - no ..lies, miadror you are lost — have you seon any French soldiers in this part since the last English troops went by?' The prisoner — a tiny, brown-skinned, aarK-eyea peasant ooy, peraaps ±v .voaie old— was more terrified than ever by these awful threats. Screaming and gasping with fear, he could only sob out, 'Ah, you will eat me — father said so j you will eat me I Oh, father, father 1' i Tho crossroads were reached, the band of troopers halted, and still the child conld not or would not answer. The mpjir ?stormed and raved and shook his fist at the jjoy — all to no purpose. And the rain fell faster. ' L»t,me try, major,' said Travor at last, and lifting the little captive oh his horn trotted a few paces npart, talking soothingly in Spanish to the boy meanwhile. ' No, I am not English, my boy,' he repeated reassuringly, addiug sotto voce .??I'm 8ootob, though. And I won't eat Von. i am going to take you home. Where do you live ? Sin M^rco 1 Ah, I thought 60 ! And what is your name? Podio Scera— 4hat is a fine name, isn't it?' In ten minutes he had pacified the lad, and learnt all that he could tell, which was »ot much. San Marco was two miles off on the left road. 'Mother' was there. ??Mother' worked at some placo whose jaame ha could nofe proaoTJDOe» and Pedro hfl4 oeon no_??xpn(jhmoni___ ? „_ ? Soon after the troopers trotted into San Marco — a mere desolate cluster of huts — with Pedro perched on Lieutenant Trevor's horee and chatting merrily of his parents and of tbe fierce bulls he had seen on the hills. He was released and ran off to ' mother,' gleefully clasping in his chubby palm a gold ooin that Trevor had given him. The troopers were qnartered in barns and stables; the senior cffic3r, with his lieu tenant and two-sergeant-mnjore, saw that sentries were posted and troopers and horses safely bestowed for the night before making for the filthy little inn, their tem porary headquarters. At the inn door they were met by an olive-compUxioned Spaniard, who intro duced himself as B vttisto Mucrta, steward to Don Miguel de Flores. His maBter, he explained, had fled to Portugal — this cruel war had ruined him — but such poor quar ters as the Don's house 'El Castello' afforded were at the English officer's service. ' Better stay here among the men,' sug gested Trevor to his chief. 'What, in this hole?' retorted the msjor. 'There is not a ghost of a French man for miles ; no one has seen a sign of one. No, I will leave Ensign Fancourfc in charge here; he can speak the hngo as well as any of us. We will ride up at once,' he said to the steward. 'Pardon, but that is not possible, senor,' replied Muerta. ' Tbe road is very steep and difficult for horses even by day.' ' Very good, then, we must walk,' said the English leader. ' And you two men, Barton and Ward, had better come too.' ' Barton, bring my holsters,' whispered the lietenant. Mfjor Bruce took no such precautions. II. A stiff climb up the hillside in the un certain light of a clouded moon bronght the party to 'El CaBtello'— a rambling, desolate old house, unlit save for a flicker ing light in one window.. Following Muerta into the empty hall and up a broad stairway the dragoons entered a long saloon. Dark old family portraits occupied one wall of the room, a few articles , of heavy oak furniture stood about, and a couple of candles were burning on a small plain a Hie at which a tasty repast was spread. T ;e mejor'a eyes' glistened at the sight of two bottles of wine. He and Trevor seated themselvep, the two sergeant-mejors remaining on their feet. i . 'Sit down, my men,' said Major Bruce, ' we may relax discipline a trifle to-night; we are in clover !' , A comely woman of middle age, who was busy at the table, looked curiously fit Lieutenant Trevor. ' Shall I thow you your room, Excellency ?' she asked in Spanish. ... 'Never mind that now — let'8 have some supper. Iain famished,' cried the msjor. His junior courteously declined tae woman's offer, and the meal commenced. Muerta stood behind the table, obsequious but watchful. He left-his post for an in stant, however, to close the door after the servant on her entry with a fresh dish ; as she passed Trevor she whispered in hiB ear ' The wine — beware !*' and instantly emptied his glass and Barton's into a dish she was removing. There wa3 no time for more ere Battisto resumed his post. Trevor, Btartled by this stranae warning, repeated it in English to Barton, laughing meanwhile as if at a joke he was. making, and relying on the steward's ignorance of the language. But he saw with dismay that M«jor Bruoa and the second sorgeant-major had already drained a glassful each of the beverage so strangely denounced. Supper being ended, the table was cleared, pipes were filled, and the four dragoons settled down to a lazy hour before going to rest. The subaltern, still brood ing over his inexplicable warning, saw that his superior officer and Sergeant-Major Ward were already nodding in their chairs, and his uneasiness deepened Their host had left the saloon, preceded by the ser vant, and closing the heavy door behind him. ' Beg pardon, sir,' said Sergeant-Major B\rton as soon as the soldiers were left; to thomoelves, ' bnt that womau knows some thing queer. The second time she came in she give me a look and slipped a paper into my hand ; here it is, sir.' He produced a folded scrap of paper with a fow words scrawled upon it in Spanish. ' Why, oh why would you not let mo warn you earlier ? Muerta is a traitor. I am sure of it—he sent a secret messenger an now since. Tho French — tho fifth panel from ihn vrindow-—.- ' ,Thn nnt- nnrir abruptly, as though the writer had been suddenly disturbed. ' The fifth panel I' repeated Trevor in bewilderment and alarm. ' What cm she mean?' He sprang to hi* faet, seized his pistols, aad strode to the door. It was fastened ! He shouted aloud to Muerta-^-aU was silent in the home save for the. echoes his cries awakened. The stout oak door defied the shock of his weight and B-irton's. 'Rousa Ward and the m:j-r, man, qaick !'' he cried, but the sleepers could not be stirred by all Barton's shouts and pushes. Escape by the window with two helpless comrades Trevor saw to be impos sible. *? Trapped I' he said bitterly at last and then muttered again, ?? Tae fifth panel — what can she mean ? ' He paused before the panel denoted. It bore the portrait of a soldier in tho fifteenth eon tury war-gear, and seemed to diffjr in no way from the others. Ha tapped th9 wood-work with hi3 sabre's hilt ; it rang hollow. He tried the next and the next ; they sounded mufllad and dead. 'I have it !' he shouted. ' There is a chance yet. Quick, Barton, drag that big bench before the door, pile the chairs on it — anything to barricade the door !' The puzzled sergeant-major obeyed ' It is a sliding-panel, man,' his lieutenant cried ; '* we must fiud the spring t £ it.' With eager fingers they searched among the scrolls and flowers carved on the heavy oak frame, but no spring or knob repaid their search. In desperation Trevor drew one of his horse-pistols from its bolster, cocked both triggers, and fired at the head of the por trait. The heavy bullets tore; the canvas and splintered the woodwork beneath. Leaping on the table he peered through one of the holes thus made and shouted ' I can see a faint light, Barton, lend a hand to Smash this in 1' Together they orashed the panel in with the table, their comrades sitting like statues throughout the din. A gaping passage was disclosed, faintly lit by a side grating. Voices and footsteps echoed in the hall. ' In, with you !' the lieutenant cried; and Barton, bent nearly double under the weight of his brother sergeant-major, clam bered from the table into the opening. With his sword in his right hand and the major 8 limp body across his shoulder, Trevor followed, kicking over as he went the one candle that had remained alight. A voice at the saloon door cried in French, ' Yield yourselves, dogs of English. Yon are trapped.' The barricade cracked and groaned as the door was thrust inward. Groping along the dim passage, striking against beams and choked with dust, the two soldiers with their helpless burdens reached and descended, a steep flight of Btepa, unbolted a low door at the foot, and passed out into the moonlight. 'Haiti' called a deep voice from the shrubbery behind the fugitives, and then added in amaza, 'Well, be jibers, 'tis the liftinent and Barton, bhoys 1' ' Yes, here we are, Denny,' answered Trevor. ' Post a strong guard at that gate, quick I' A dozen Frenohmen, followed by the traitor Muerta, issued one by one through the low door, and one by one were seized and tied. 'Any more gintlemin a-comiD, Borr ?' asked Trumpet-Major Denny, whilst tbe troopers roared with laughter. 'That we must find out,' replied the subaltern. At that moment Ensign Fanoourb came round the angle of the house, followed by a doZ9n troopers, and the two little bands made a cautious eeirch, but not another enemy could be found. The main doors wereajw, and within the house was only the woman who had given Trevor such timely warning, ' Who told you of our peril V asked the lieutenant, turning to Ensign Fancourt 'A little gipsy- looking boy brought a note in Spanish,' was the reply. The woman stepped forward. 'The Frenoh scouts were following you all day,' she said to Trevor in her native tongue, 'but they were not in force enough to attack yon. Marshal Vioior offers a big bribe for every British officer captured, and the villain Battisto's plan was to drug you and then call in the scoutg. Ho suspected me, and would not let me leave tbe house, so I Bent little Pedro down to the village with a letter.' . ' We owe you our liberty, perhaps our lives 1' Q^id Lieutenant Trevor warmly. ' You must love tho Euglish well to risk so much foe thorn,' less shrug. 'French or English, what ia that to mo who am neither ? But you were good and kind to little Pedro, ha told me, and — I' am Pedro's mother.'— Chums, 