Strange S dperstitions of J o-day. London laundrymaids cling fondly to tho belief that if red-hot cinders aro found ad hering to tho door of their copporliroa quan tity of 110AV Avork is coming in, according to tho quantity of oindors. If tho sauio tUing on their ironing-stovo door, work is going to bo forfeited accordingly. In tho Southern counties of England thoro is a Avidesproad belief amongst tho rural population that a potato curried in tho pocket is 1111 offeclual antidote against rheumatism. Many firmly insist that it is a positiA'o pre ventative, and ailirm that thoy suitor consider able qualms if, on changing thoir garments, tlio friendly potato has been left behind. Many Cornish folk, especially l.lioso of tho sea faring section, sorionsly assort that if a sea gull is put in tbo oollin Avitli a dond person tho ghost of that person Avill not rotnrn. Should this vifco bo ignorod tho superstitious rolatives aro suro to bo visited now aud again by tho dopartod 0110. I At least so runs tlio boliof. Tho peasants and colliers of Lancashiro havo many superstitions in Avhioh thoy roposo a stolid faith avcII Avorthy of a bettor object. Perhaps ono of tho most curious of thoir bo liofs is that it is positively courting misfor tuno to lend anyono a pair of bellows, and, in consoquonco of this fallacy, it is exceedingly difficult to borrow this nneiont and useful article. A curious snporstition, rolating to the killing of pigs for bacon, provails gon or- ally in Wales, to tlio effect that bacon from pigs slaughtered whilst thomoon isdooroasing is vory_ inferior in quality. So much faith is thoro in this superstition in somo parts of 'Wales that nothing Avould induce somo of tlio pooplo to slaughter their pigs at any othor timo but whon tho 1110011 is increasing and nearly full. I11 somo parts of tho South- Wost of Eng land a curious snporstition provails. A hair is takon from a maiden's head and passed through a Avodtling ring. Tho onds aro tlion held by tlio girl Avitli hor first fingor and thumb, and tho ring suspondod a littlo way from tho top of a half-filled tumblor of Avator. Tho hand is held porfeotly still, but tlio ring is presently soon to osoillato to suoh an oxtont thai' it oliiuks against tho sido of tlio tumblor. Tho number of- chinks is said to corrospond Avitli tho number of yours Avhioh Avill olapso boforo tho girl is married, In tho South of Irolnud it is boliovod that whon a person dies, and tlio body is carried tho nonroBt Ava.y to tho oomotory, it is a suro sign that ono of tho family will soon d'10 and folloAV it ^ to tho gravo. If, hoAvovor, a body is earriod tho lougost Avay, tho roniaindor of tho family will livo long. A poouliar superstition prevails in the Islo of Arran, in tho Wost Highlands, whoro it is boliovod thab if tho boots of a murdorod man bo buriod boloAv high-Avator mark it Avill effectually provont his ghost from Avnlkiug. At Softon, near Liverpool, thoro is a woll containing remarkably oloar Avator, nnd surrounded by chains, Thoro is an old talo told that a church ay as to bo built on tho spot Avlioro IhoAvollis iioav. Tho foundation-stone Avaa found somo distanoo from it. This happonod throo different times, and finally tho ohurch Avas built on tho spot to Avhioh tho stone hud boon mysteriously romovod, and a avoII sprang vtp Avlioro it aviib first dopositud. Tho superstition iioav is, if you throw a pin in and tlio head turns toAvards tho church, you Avill ho married soon and prosperously. Thousands of pins havo. boon loft thoro by ambitious young pooplo, and doubtless tlio prophooy has, in somo casos, boon fulfilled, 