AN IRON CONSTITUTION. MORS THAN FILLS THE BILL. A genius in Tnnawandn, N.Y., has constructed an electrical man. It is made of steel, and furnislieii with a storage battery capable of holding electricity enough to run it twenty-four hours at a time. Of course. It Isn't alive, and yet, for nil ordinary purposes, It can fill the office of a twin. Jn some respects it will be an Improvement on the ordinary mnn. It won't swear, steal, nor talk finance at the store while one's wife does washing und kills potato bugs at home. In fact, it doesn't talk at all. This quality would 'have made It an excellent presidential possibility in the earlier part of tho sea- The inventor of this modest and unas suming creature is a man of wealth, and will immediately engage In the manu facture of electrical men on a large scale. "Wo cannot have too many of them. In case of military conscription, a better substitute can hardly be con ceived. Should we become embroiled in a war with any European monarchlal ef- fctoucss, it would only be necessary to send ah army of electrical men against them. Such troops would need no over coats; neither would they he susceptible, to sunstroke. No matter what confront ed them, they would trudge right nhead. The Six Hundred that undertook to drive Russia out of tho Crimea, and whoue foolhardlnoss gave Tennyson such a nightmare, of metre and- rhyme, wouldn't staml a ghost of a show In a race for fame along with a regiment of freshly- charged, steel-ribbo.l electrical men. Here Is your Ideal soldier. The electrical man can be put to many practical arcs, such as ploughing for the fanner and doing odd chorea around the house. Several of the eastern cities have a surplus of women. They will be un able to find husbands without going west. Of course, no one will claim that asa husband nn electrical man would he preferred to a man of llcsh and tobacco. But when a woman finds herself niowly slipping down the decline or ' spinster- hood, she's not apt to be. .squeamish about her partner having such- superfi cial accomplishments ns a talent for mttslc, a (lowing penmanship, or the ab ility to use cuss words. Every family will undoubtedly "soon have nn electrical man to take.cnre of the bees, arrange the line fence with the adjoining neighbor, and to be Interview ed by book ngents. Dress one In petti coats, and a more desirable chnperon could hardly be imagined. ' .Lot us all extend the. hand of fellow- ship to our Iran brother. —"Life." 