A MIRAGE OF MURDER l'acille-strc'ut sturts in thn fc!ums, and run aero s I ho city Tho highest number upon it in 8,6'6, and the house with which this narrative dralp is No. 4,313. It stands therefore, exnetly hnif-way betwern the nhodes of poverty and wealth At the time of the occurrence heroic to he. ri-1:Ltfll. it wnn kenf. n-« a lnrlpfnrv tint) KnnrH. ing-place for men by Mrs. Jamps Frowitt, whose Jong eJtpervinc© hnd made her keen and wary. Her guest* were of all classes nud do scripiionR, man rising from tho lower street frequently meeting at her tnble those who wero desoending trotu the gontility of tho Avenue.' One Octobt r morning a young man applied to her for a room. She set her ttltle grey eyes sharply upon him, a* was hrr habit, but saw nothing out of the commonplace. She always' divided her patrons into three classes — Chose coming up from near theB»y,tbosc sinking from the Avenue, and the stationary middle-class. She shrewdly placed this one among the second class,' but that made little difference to c--r. He was medium in size, with a frank face and ?a manner which gave her the impre'sion that ha knew whab be was about, and was exceedingly wide-awalce in doing it He said he was a travelling man could furnish good references and gave his namo as Hnrry Mulford. ' My third-floor front is vacant,' Mrs. Prowitt said, ' but I usually get fifteen dollars a month for it.' ' This is entirely satisfactory,'' Mulford replied. ' The price is nothing to me, although I shall 'not occupy thu room more than one night a month But 1 shaH want It kept resdy for me, though yuu ars-atliberty to nse it any night, piovided /ou do not receive word of my coming before six o'clock. I shall pay you in advance, sending you your -money by mail on the last of *ach month.' He drew out bis purse, counted 15 dollars upon his knee, and edded, ' Hero is the ficst month'a reur, provided you mil let ma havo tho room.' Mrs. i?ro«ritt waa too keen to let such a chance slijv and sha quickly olosed the trans cation. Her requirement of refereuces had always beon it mere form — cften a ruse to get rfd of an unprciiitjiug applicant. She did not, therefore, »ok M'lJford for his, considering his money sufEaeat ev.d».5xmeut. ' It ig j-rotfiblOj' said Mulford, as ha de livered the ra-Jrocy and rose to leave, ' that' I shall not rvapj.-? «r for .'everal months, and if you do not rece»?» fifteen dollars from me near the first of acf -mo^tfc, you »ill ba at Hherfcy to let the room. It b likely that I may send some one occasionally to occupy tha room, but he will always bring a note frora mo.' This piece of luck yis too £ood for Mrs. Prowitt to ke«p to herself, «tid it was soou a matter for geueril discussion arouad her tables, A man who could aff.-rt t-- pay far a roosa with out occupying it was a rarity it No. 4313, and Mulford becam'n a mystery. The first month passed, and the third-floor front wan unoccu pied, except when Mrs. Prowitt quartered a transient. On the lust d»y of (his month a res istered letter whb diliverod to her, from which she drew threo crisp live dollar bille and a note from Mulford, stating that he would soon send j a friend to take po^srssion of the room. But \ when this and se era! mor* months passed ( without other sign or representative of Mullord J than the regular letters inclosing the Dills, the rental (if the upper chamber b»raiT.- a sensation. At last, however, one 'i.%riy December nfte^ noon a little old raau nppon.ed, rringiog from Malford a note which stmeil a-/- wish that Mrs. Prowitt would place iu his rooc:. !0tie irlicle that the bearer would deliver, and zc have the apart ment kept rcaiy for occupancy. The little olC man was quite odd. lie was much Dent &-Td very grey. His Heft pye was blind ; but the right, restUse and '.winkling, fogetba- with hit, whole couuten-incc. made Mrs. Prowitt think he could tell i great -lea], If s'i mitded. He was not eo minded, hcv^verj and iier questions elicit«d,':ni7 amuse-xonc., to wnich his blindness lent vb.3 appearance of cintibu&i; winlriDg. Tbs aiticlt ho brought -vaj a large, three fold Japanese scrccil, mgbly Jicorated w?.'h |j gilt birds, reptiles, ind animals disporting (trcn- j| selves on a sable ground. After the little ola man hail gone, nnd Mrs. Prowitt had sei the screen in.Mulford's room, she went down to the tables to express her opinion that a Japanese j screen was a queer article for n ycung man Vo send, and ihe iaarSers agreed with her so strongly as to repair to the apartment tc inspec* it. The screen was ordinary, yet extraordinary, nnfi rtirinsif.v nlpwi! .tKivufc th*^ Lmmhi^n frnTni* r.? whimsically as the goiden dKOoraticns wi1hin it. A satchel, or t. tronk, or svtc a chair wonW havo aroused simplp o^if cuitiot '; aufi o Japanese scrp/x. though not ?mcoatmoti m a bedroom, sugcestaA something s-i diy.'idtxty oat j of th« comraonplaoB that HtiffozdVi i/oveot was \ awaited wUh livsly in-'»a-Ti. JL Vv;k pintail, ?hr.-w*vTr; ; and, though Srni. ^wwitt Jrspv gas burning if. tht evenings, 'jn.-i fresh water pet -iauy int* tb* pitcher, «nS hung eluna towe'is i ?apon tht. raik, .neither Hu'for' nax hi«! *rieno. J appeared. *- j For twelve -Uys sns caa toiw* preparation j made ; tut upon the thirteen*:: Mul.?ord'« Irseni j eums xi was ha-'f-past eight who;; i'nr. maid j admitted him tr th.- parlour1 At th-s hour ill | tie 1,-jdgers were out pursuing thsir -various j evening pastimes, except 'ohu Baylor, wLo was ] practicing upot nw cianoDfj it his s.vo.70 j Coor rooct., nlrn. Vrcwitt wer-.t co tb-f par'our ! 'jxpeclirig fc Sod a /ouuj: mail it About ' Muifori's age., but s'-is wmr surprised to i see a gentleman of prob-ibly C'J. Ha j was, however, well-preserv-vi and active asd was c)resse--. very niutih. bc«»e- than an» one she 1 had ever lodged. There wag ai- unmistakable j air ot *ha Avenue about him that set 5*rs. Pro- j witt to '.hir.king she had ssen him oislnr^ and - to wondering- where it had i?een. He carried sf '.lulgiug blua- bag of hjavy catariulj acd Tlis whols baaring a&d; appearauce were those ol a basy lawyer. Ms-s. Prnwitt made theso observa tions distinctly, as was her habit, but later 00 curreuces indented them in her mind. In re. latiog exactly how the old lawyer entered the parlour, how he talked, and in describing him, she always had difficulty putting one fact into, words. ' Somehow,' she always said, ' he made mo cteep. He sit right in front oi me and he seemed 10 be there like any other man, but there was something or other about him that made him scorn unreal, u kind of strange shadow of a rich old man 1 bad s.enupoutheAvrnuo.Hls voico.too, sounded kind and uimatural ; some thing like an echo of a real voice speaking away off somewhere. I thought at first that he was only absent-minded, but the more I looked at bite the more plajnly I saw that there was some thing about him I could not explain, and can't j now. He guve her a note in Mulf^ird's hand, mere ly introducing him as (he friend who desired to occupy his room for the night-, and he would consider it a favour if Mrs. Prowitt would make him comfortable and lit him have all he might wish. ' Is there snything you want' me paitipulao. ly to do ?' Mrs. Prowitt nsked him. 'She has always iaifi great Stress upon the fact that she observed everything that occurred that night accurately, and ims been unvarying in tjoi1 nar rative. ' Is there a table in the room ?' the lawyer asked, absently. ' 'iea ; Mr. Mulford requested me to pat one in for him.' 11 That is well. Then all I wish is to be en tlrebr undisturbed. 1 have many'papers to ex amide fo-aight,' ha said, tapping the blue hag ' I am engaged on a matter of vast importance to a wealthy ' estate, and I shall ask you to see' that no One is admitted to the room.' I am ceady to go to work now, if you please.' Mrs. Prowitt showed him to tho thirl floor frout, turned up the light, and before loving, j saw him take from thu bag a large bunillo of I papers, tied with pink tnpe.nml by (hem busily ' upon tun table. Ho then pulled up a chair and sat down. She noticed that the Japanese screen stood about threo feut from the hack of his chair, and about two foot from the windows. The weather being cold, the sashes were down and locked, and the loner inside shutters drawn and latched. There was a shrer descent from the windows to thu pavement, with no outside ledge below them, so that it was impos sible for anyone to have entered the room through them. Mrs. Prowitt hss been unwnv 'ering in this statement, as well as in declaring that no ono was hidden behind the screen or elsewhere in the room ~ when she admitted the lawyer. It was only a few minutes after nine when she left the old man intently engaged ovey.his papers. On her way downstairs she stopped in Mr. Baylor's room to tell him that Mulford's Iriend had come She did so, ? she has said, not because they had all looked for him so long, but because tho man had given her a queer feeling of dread that sho could not throw off.' She naturally wondered what could have brought so rich z. lawyer to her houses ; but it was not this query that made her uneasy. She told Baylor of this strange impression, and of the fact that, while with the oldlawyer in the room, she had a creepy notion that sho was en tirely alone, although he had been plain to her oyes. She noticed that he walked vigorously, !mt his steps had been surprisingly Faint, and the papers had not rattled when he took them from the bag. Sue was very nervous. She did not believe in ghosts, she declared, but certainly this was the strangest lodger she had ever had in her Souse. She was afraid some thing dreadful might happen, and she asked Baylor ta keep his door open and to walk up the stairway occasionally and listen. He promised to do so, and sh-s left bio. At 11 o'clock she hurried back and said : 54 Woula you mind going with me to Mr. Mulford's room and listen outside the door ? I rant to know whether that old man is sleep ing. I Jee From the pavement outside that he has turned the gas out.' ' That cannot be,' Baylor answered, excited ly. ' I walked up the stairs not more that five minutes ago and saw his light shining through the transom.- - ' Daw nis liRp r r ecuoRO. mra. jrrowiti, in an awed whisper. ''It was juat about five, minutes ago that I looked from ihe pavement outsidu and his -windows were iark. Ara you sure you saw the light ?' ' Yes ; but I could pot hear a sound inside 'the room.' ' Mr. Baylor, there is something terrible in tho air 'Kwiight, and I isn't tell what it is. Let us go up there and listen.' They ascended to Mulford's room. Bright light was shining through the transom. Mrs. Profits knocked tbj-ea times, but received no answot, Then aho called, but the room remain ed perfectly silent. '?' I won.-d like you to look over the transom, Mr. Biyror./1' w.e said. ' There is something mysterious here.' Baylor brought to tin door 4wo chairs that wo?e standing in Oh? haiV and, stepping upon one; locked through Sire transom. Via started^ and asked Mrs. Prowitt to get upon the other and look. They jaw the aid lawyer still sitting at the table with bundles of ls^ai papers before him. tie was toe deeply engaged to notice that his long p-ey hair had. slipped down over his forenead and aVmrat overhang his eyes. As the3r booked from bjs peaceful face to tie docu 17.oc.ts before him* Mrs. Ftoeritc .started violent ly, caught Baylors srm, and said : Look at hss hands. He is ioatdng the motions of wrilir.g, iut ci»T6 is no pen in his hand. He She faltered from fright, and Baylor said : ' He is a aiadmac, Mrs. Prowitt.' ' No he. is worse than that. He is uot a real man. Soma';hing awful is going to happen te right, I did noi quite trust thi*t -nan Mulford. Tram the start. Why ahoulC he have reatwi inis room snd .iet -^coripied it, if everything had been right. This its terrible. Look here. Did you see tie screen move ? * '' No, I did not, but ? ' He -jtopp-=d abruptly. ?or t-^o hands rose ifrota betiind the ocreen, and, catching Ma ex- j Verne er.Az, l&-£ it from the floor, az-d carried I it stealthily toward-.- ihs old man. They pero | l*rg% and muscular, ngly and gncry — zuch t haeds as would delv6 in the slime aoC -»:cr) of the iower stsot. With the exception of. Jlis 1 haods, the per-iou behind trie, screen was aid I Ser. until hf hac! carrisd it noiselessly an-.l '. ptBalthily, uaiil it almost touched tho -aid man'? I ' chasr. There tbs hands sv ;pped it, and stoud | ? it secuceiy-. &n-l; in.«tant)y 3 hsaft rose from bo- j hin-i it The terrible fas--. held the two Out- \ I Kide watchers mati-^Glcss Tie vileness »nd J I wiekednes.- of toe si^ir.s wis ijrCTiN?. 2nto each j 1 Wotch^i aac Vioatw.' fuuture. Tic wrribie I ireaturc ljoked lo; som? minr.t«-.' c)|pn. tne o:-'d Iswyec with -. leer .it mntocn-uc. triutapU.Thec, 1' w:r,b :* iiamhl-. *mi!t c-f aanisfic'iion, the mm- } ra'isei hts fight Arm iiigh ever tha screen, rAz dirty nbn-liks band clutebiag a dagger. I Mr. Prjwilt sitrSak vi'.h a ^crp-tm frocr. the ? sigrty anni Mi tc a. sitting jostiir* np/x. h«r \ chiir ; -w!:i-e Baylor, arcii^s^ w action, pcrui'j.d \ -spon tha ^lasr of ti--E transon. aniJ kicked opor. { t£» 'toor. bu^ ZK olii lawyer o;n'riucei ;eaC6 « itily writing at -ht table, and tec p.ss-i3s'a was j j nr-6 stayed in t:s purpose. TrViy,h a dniSt, skir- 1 j £x£l sia-otfj the inif?. Ml, and Br.yicr *aw it sick ; j incu thi lawywer.i srnast, ?aw bim writho upon j i tte rJsatr tud f'.ii te *rjS fioor. Hg ieapeo' f-'om j I vihe ihair :inrl ftrew himself ngufest tliie doar, ? bui Til wit'sElKio'l hi~ forca. J ' He-p HiH hsrs, Mrs. Prowitt ' r.n cnad. j ' The iiTryer hus been murdered, 'xh?. door ! is locke-i upon the inside. Hely m« bnak tt j m.' Their nmted strength at Ibss broks the lock, j acd tho door swung in. Baylor took cue rapjt,'. step forward, but stopped upon the sill' with a startled cry. The room was dark and aileai. No moan or sound of death-struggling ame. \ from the murdered iran nnder the table. j ' A match, Mrs. Prowitt,' he said ; ' for thti | loveof heaven, let as have a light here !' j ' There is a match-safe over the wash-s'tond { in the corner,' gasped the laudlady. j For a few moments Baylor groped i& the j blackness for a match. At last hestruck one. ' aud the gns pulled ajj. He shrank Sack j against tl-e wall by ihe door. The room wa- 1 entirely' deserted : the table was bare oflfgai papers ; the screen stood ic its p'.ace near thfc : I window ; and there was no body of i. mur dered man upor tho Soor, nor any Mood nr other trace ot hire. The room was precisely as it had been before tie lawyer camo. Is the midst of an animated discussion, at BIrs. Prowitfs table next morning, of tha strange crime, ono of the boarders, who had already breakfasted and gone out, rushed back with a paper, which, under display head-lines, ?told of the brutal murder of'Sbel Chrcstiansea, onU of the city's noted lawyers. It detailed how he had been sitting in the study at his home on the avenue, going over some valuable papers in the matter of a vast estate in litigation. Tho muruercr had entered through a window, had crept upon Mr. ChrisUansea under cover of a Japanese screen that stood behind his chair, and had struck him to the heart with a dagger. The assassin, who had escaped with all the papers, was supposed to be one of the heirs to the property and ono of the most dangerous criminals of the slums. About lO o'clock on the same morning the . little old man wLo brought the Japanese screen I anpfiirul at No. 4313, saying that Mr. MulforJ ' had .?» nl him tor it. ' I don't know th;it I ought to let you havi it,' said Mm. Prowitt. ' Why not ? ' askeil tho littlo old man, with a queer twinkle of his unblinded eye. ' Thorn was u tsrrible murder on the Avenitc last night by 4 man whe stabbed a lawyer from behind a Japanese screen, and I and one of my lodgers saw tho vision of a man come from ho hind Mr. Mtilford's screen and kill a strange old man who had come as Mr. Mul ford's friend.' ' It is certainly remarkable,' said the littlo old man, winking his blind eye ; ' but you cer tainly won't keep Mr. Mulford's screen just be cause you saw a vision.' ' Go up for it, then, for I won't touch it,' said Mrs. Frowitt. ' 1 will be glud to have the terriblo thing out of my house. If 1 wasn't afraid of it. I would not let you have it.' Wnen the little old man reappeared, carrying the screen, she saM : — ' If I could see'hpw there could be any con nection between this screen and the one on tbo Avenue I would keep you hern and send for the police.'' ' I don't see what possible connection Uiere could be,'' said the little old man, ducking flia hend sidewise aud squinting at her quizzically. ' If I could I wouldn't ask you for the screen. But 1 will ask Mr. Mulford, and if there is, of course I'll come around and tell you. By the way, he says you need not keep the room for him any longer.' And picking up the screen he briskly walked away. ? ? 