Haunted Houses. .. Indian Officer's Strange Story. V A correspondent of the Standard re lates a strange story of his sufferings - from the visitation of " ghosts." An- officer, home from India on furlough, ho had tnkon a five years' lease of a somewhat neglected mansion, to which he gives tho namo of Silverton Abbey. For this he covenanted to pay £200 per annum. Now nobody will give, him £50 a year for it. The reason for this he gives in tho following narrative : — The first thing that we noticed was that servants fought shy of us. No sooner was Silverton Abbey mentioned thnn the sorvnnt broke off negotiations;'- In somo way we struggled on short- ' handed. Still no ono said pnytliing about ghosts. Summer turned into autumn, when ono evening a violent rattling at ono of the windows sent off the parlourmaid, a girl from the village, into hysterics. I ran outside, -bnt found ' no one. After being comforted by a ' glass of port, tho girl sobbed out that it was well known that Mr. wnlked. Slio told a long story, which was afterwards corroborated, of past ovonts connected with Silverton Abbey. It was not a pleasant story, and as it affects porsons still living) I will give no details. As soon as we began to ask people about what tho girl had said, mouths hitherto shut were opened. Silverton Abbey had always been known in the nearest town and all round about as ' tho haunted house. I may say that I nm not physically norvous. I liavo boen under fire repeatedly, liavo been badly wounded in action, and havo been com- - plimcntcd on my coolness when bullots wero flying about. I was not then afraid of ghosts, as far as I know." Bo- sides, I suspected trickery. I had been . . often in places where my revolver had to be ready to my hand. A light was kept burning in tho upper and lower corridor all night. A lamp and loaded rovolvor wero by my bedside ovory night. No ono could liavoonteredthohouso with out being detected and probably shot. As winter drow on, and tho nights began to longthcn, strango noises began to bo heard. Night after night liavo I gono over tho houso, with a lamp in ono . hand and a loaded revolver in tho other, x hut never did I find anyone nhout. Furniture had ncvor beon disturbed, though I could havo sworn it was being moved. No living being had boen in tho places from which footsteps had been heard. The governess \ used to complain of a tall lady, with black heavy eyebrows, who used to corao as if. to stranglo her as she lay in bed. Sho also described somo footsteps, which had passed along tho ' corridor past her door, of some ono, apparently, by his or her ' actions, intoxicated; But, in fact, no ono had left thoir rooms and no one had been intoxicated.' A German parlourmaid and housemaid - hud been induced, on receipt of very high wages,; to come to Silverton Abboy. They wero old friends and occupied the samo ' room'.: They and tho English servants did net agrco. They never wont into tho- village and never cared to gossip. Wo never told them of any ghosts. One night the housemaid, ac cording to her account,' was terrified by a tall lady with heavy dark oyebrows, who entered tho room und bent jovor her bed. After this the housomnid took up hot water to the bedrooms and dressing- rooms, in tho evenings, by tho front stairs. Tho other servants wont up the back stuirs after dark in pairs. One night wo hod driven into tho town to a concert. It was nearly midnight when we returned. Our- old Scotch housekeeper, who admitted us, - a woman of iron ncivos, wus trembling with terror. Shortly before our arrival a horrible : shriek had rung through the house. To all our ques tions slio only replied,." It was nothing earthly." The nurse, who was awake with a child with whooping cough, hcurd-tho ory and says it was simply horrible. It was, sho says, in tho lower corridor. Now, there was no ono in tho lower corridor. Ono night, lying awako, I distinctly saw tho handlo of my bedroom door tinned and tho door pushed open. I seized my revolver, and ran to tho door. Tho lnmp in the lopg corridor was burn ing brightly, no ono was there, mul no ono could havo got away. Wo lind become much attached to the neighbour hood. Wo decided to spond our winters on tho continent, nnd tho summers at Silverton Abbey. Wo had children to educate. Our idea turned out to bo an impossible one. Wc decided to let the house. I put tho matter in tho hands of local agents, but fuilcd to lot it furnished. I sold off the furniture and tried to lot it unfurnished. I failed again. I tried a London agont, who, aftoi sondiug a man down, frankly told mo the houso was suid to bo haunted. I instructed him and tho local agents to' take even £50 or £60 for tho houso. Even then thoy failed. Now I have received an offor of £100 for tho two and a quarter years remaining of my lease. Ono hundred pounds to bo paid for two and a- quarter years' occupation of a houso with 16 bedrooms, largo reception-rooms, a garden with plenty of fruit, and 14 acres of pasture, which pasture lots for about £22 u year! Taking away tho pasture, tho houso and garden appear, therefore, to be worth no more thnn £1S a year. A tcstod cough mixture rcoipo comes from, an American ludy. It is pulatablc nud very ; effootuul. Boil threo large lonums in water for seven minutes, drain off the water, and slice the lemons us thin as possible, Put them in an earthen bowl with 1 lb. of th« bcBt brown sugar, und stand tho bowl on ths stove until the mixture is ut boiling point. Then draw to the baok of the stovo and let tho mixture simmer three hours. Remove from tho fire, and when it bus stood half an hour udd a small tablospoonful of oil of sweet almonds. It is to bo usod warm. \Stir and take in teaspoonful doses us ofton as hoeded. Printed and published for the Telegraph News paper Company, Limited, tor Jajies Skits, at the Company's Steam Printing Office, | . Queen and .Elizabeth streets, Brisbane. ! . 