IN QUEST OF GOLD. A STORY OF THE TRANSVAAL, I landed in Port Natal with golden hopes in my l:re;, t aLd eightpence in my pocket. The hopes and the pence vanished quickly. There happened to te a wave of hard times in the cclony just then, and everybcdy was grnmbhirg. Gold aa Esaid to be plentiful up country, but I had no means of getting there, I knocked abcut for a day or two, and when my last copper was gone, I was lucky enough t, run acicsa the provetbial friend, in need. He was an Englishman named John Garwcod, a big, red-bearded chap, with the build of an ox. I soon saw that he was closefisted and hard at a bargain. It wasn't much of a charce that he cffere l wre. }r u7h I -P *iolbty &' l to take him up. He had been in the colony for several years, and so far had met with t poor success. But he he was going to stake his little all on a search for gold away up s beyond the Transvaal, and as I had nothing I to chip in for a partnership he agreed to take me along as a hired helper. I was to I get a few shillings a month, whtther we t struck it rich or poor. It was a one-sided c contract, but I was not in the position to c kick. Garwood's outfit consisted of a strong wagon and eight seasoned bullocks. a tent, two rifles, a brace cf i evolvers, aed I a lot of mining tools. Fcr driver he hired a wizened and tcuh litt:e HItttntot, who was about 40 years o:d, and knew every I part of the colony. I took a mistrust to Janka from the first, for he had a wicked eye that could never look one straight in E the face. He was a fair b acksmith and t wagonwright, a dead shot, and an unt:ring r hunter. Garwood hid picked him up at Pietermaritzbu'g and he admitted that he had a repatation for impudence and lazi. t ness. " Don't you worry," he said to me before I we started. "I know how to mau?ge these I blacks. Janka is tco valuable to part with, r and as long as I am his master he will t behave like a faithful dog." "I don't deny it," I replied. "You know the ropes out here and I'm only ar green hand. But his looks are against I him." So we three started north, and I won't tire you'with an accountof the long journey. At the end of two months we crossed toe Limpopo river, and the Transvaal was behind us. Ahead was a wild and beautiful country, but little known in those days. Garwcoo was as fearless a man as ever lived, and though it was a daring and fool hardy thing to do, we pushed light on into the land of the Mastobls s. You know what lively scrimmages the Chartered Company had there. At that time the savages were more bitter towards white men than now, and we located our camp in the safest place we could find. It was part way up a litlo valley, and in among thick timber. Tnere were tall mouamains right and ]eft, and a bit of a stream brawled by the tent. And, if you'll believe me, that stream turned out to be check full of gold. I could hardly find it to-day, and I reckon on no one else has stumbled on it yet. Ah, what a time we had! Garwood and 1 cradled the pools from morning to night, and the canvas bag of shiny nuggets grew heavier and heavier. And it ail belcnged to him by the terms of the contract. I felt.pretty sore, I can tell you, but I worked on and kept my mouth shut. So did Garwood, and I calculated he would drive his bargain to the last letter. I had no reason. You sea he was a grum, close. mouthed sort of chap, and it was all work and sleep with us. No pipes and cheery talks around the supper fire. It was a month, more or less, that we stayed in that lonely nook of Mlatabele land. Every night there was a fresh heap of nuggets to shovel into tie bag. No savages came near us, and we saw no trace of any. We lived royally, for the Hotten. tot was a rare good hunter, and Janka was on his good behaviour, I'm bound to say. He was as meek as a lamb, and when he sometimes saw us fingering the gold he Sould look at it stupidly and carelesJly, as though the shiny nuggets were no more to him than so much dirt. Ab, he was a cunning rogue if ever there was one. One night, when the canvas bag was so full that we could hardly tie the mouth shut, a queer thing happened. We awoke in the morning to fiid our two rifles gone. They had been carried off fromt our very sides. We hunted all around, but it was no use. Garwood new mighty li:t!e of spocring, and I new less; so we had to rely on Janka. The Hottentot had a ready solution for the mystery. He pretended to discover signs of naked feet in the trampled gravs around the tent, and declared that two saveges had stolen the rifles in the night; then he crept off into the jungle like a cat, premising to track the thieves, and intimating that be might bring our property back before evening. Naturally we had little hcpe of that. I suspected the black scamp, enough I don't know just why. Ihinted as much to Gar wood, but he only laughed at me. Then he looked sober, and said that the Mata tele had likely stolen the rifles to make us defenceless, and would be coming to take our lives next. We counted it lucky that our revolvers were left. They had likely escaped atten tion, being fastened to our belts while we slept. We lcaded them carefully betre we trudged up the stream to where %e were working. We did not do much that morn ing, owing to a heavy sers of danger that damped cur stirits. We watched and listened a good b.t in between the cradling, and at dinner time, finding we had for gotten to bring our lunch, we suuok back to camp. Janka reached the tent just as we did, only from the opposite direc;ion. He looked fagged out, and his feet anl body were Ecratched by thzros. He was empty handed, except for his customary spear. "Where are our r:fies ?" Garwood asked, sharply. "You are a pretty fellow to send after thieves!" "They had much start , bass," said the Hottentot, in a sullentone. " Vultures on the wing could not have overtaken them. I followed their spoor th a M?:tabele kraal yonder," pointing to the west. "The does of thieves had entered the gate. I lay hid close by in the bushes and listened. I heard much talk and saw many things. At noon day all the fighting warriors of the kraal will start for the white man's camp to slay them. They will be here by the falling of the eun." Jacks looked us straight in the eye as he spoke. His words and manner bore the stamp of truth. Though I believed him capable ef any villainy, I would have sworn that now he was not lying. "How many are coming ?" demanded Garvood, paling under his bronze e?io. The Hottentot lifted both hands and rapidly a osed and opened his fingers a dozen time. "That many, base." "It's safe to count on half a hundred," mutterei Garwood, turning to me. " We're dead men if we stay here; ay, and we're as good as dead anyway, for these blacks will, track us 1 ke finds, It's a slim chbance." " But worth the trying," I replied. "If we start at once, we can cover a good manymiles by evening. The oxen are in prime cnoditeon." Garwood nodded. "We're leaving a dozen fortunes behind," he said, glancing regretfully at the stream. " And talking one with ur," said I. He Icooked sharply at me for a couple of Eeconds, and I knew, he was askinu himself if I expected a share of the gold. I had not meant it that way, and I blushed with confusion. Then he understood, and his eyes dropped. " We'll be off at ores," he said. "Our only chance is to keep ahead of the Matabele until we reach the Limpopo." With that we fell to work. Janka lent us a hand, but every now and then he was taken with a fit of shivering, Either h9 was mortally scared for his life, or it was the finest bit of actung I ever Esa. " Well, we got ef in short order, and as scon as we were clear of the valley the bullocks went rattling over the grassy veldt, with the wagon swaying and bouncing behind. G:trivol and I lay in the rear end, watching every hill crest and clump of shrub, and listening to the crack of the Hottentot's whip. But, to make a long story short, the Matabele did not show up. We travelled hard a'l that night and well into the next torrnoon before we ventured on a few hours' ha't We were cif again at sunset, and two days later we sighted the Lirepopo and creased at a fording. We felt sa fe now, and were even a little ashamed of our ha.ty flight. But we did not dream of going back. We had had quite enough of the perilous country of the blstabeles. We took our time on the long journey through the Tramsvaal, heading in a direct route for Port Natal. From what few words Garwood let fall, I surmised that he was going home to Esgland with his fortune. I fo t pretty blue over my own prospects. The wages that were due me w.u'd last but a short time after reaching the coast, and if the times were still dull I might have trouble in finding employment. I'm afraid I had same bitterness towards Garwood, for I knew he had driven a hard bargain with me. lie was as glum as oever, and we found each other's company pretty monotonous. We had pushed oa sftar sunset because the Vaal river was not far ahead, and we opoed to out-span there before midnight. Garwood was i quated in Dutch fashion against the tailboard, smck:ng the last crumbs from his tobsc:o for. I was stretched across the: bed of the wagon, directly behind the driver's seat. My head was pillowed on the bag of nuggets, and my eyes were half:clsed. Twice I saw Janka give me a quick glance over his shou der, ard when he did it a third time my old mistrus; came to life again. I lay still, p:eping trom under my eyelids, and wondering what it meant. That was where I male a mistake, though I can's say I regret it. All at once Janka swung round, and swift as lightning jerked my revolver out of my belt. Wita a twist .f his hand he reversed the weapon, and brought the butt heavily down on my f.rehead. Though dizzy with pain, I gave a loud e y and struggled to my knees. I saw Garwood spring up, reach ng for his pistol, and just then the Hotte.,tot fired. The ball sang by my ear, and G-rwood threw up his arms and tell backward out of the end of the wagoo. I staggered to my feet, and, whipping out my hunting knite, faced Janka as he thrust the pistol into my face and pulled the trigger. The chamber either missed fire or was empty, and before I could take advantage of the opportunity the wiry litttle Hottentot dropped the weapon and jumped squarely down on me. "The gold! The gold !" he screamed shrilly. " I, is all mine, bass, for you are a dead man !" I was accounted pretty strong in those dayi, but the dizzy crack on the head had put me at a disadvantage. Moreover, I had lost the knife. As I went down I gripel.l the Hottentot as best I could, and for a couple of minutes we thrashed over the wagon tol, locked tightly together. I was growing weaker all the t:me, and I gave myself up for lost. Janka was crazy with sage and greed, and his skinny muscles were like iron. His purpces was to get at my tbroat and throttle me. The bullocks were moving slowly, but all at once they be.lowed ani broke int. a gallop, and I heard the roar of a lion off to one side. Tne wagon began to sway and pitch furiously, and Janha and I were flung from side to side. What came after that is a bit hazy. In a minu:e, like a flash, the wagon was over on its side, and I heard the bag of nuggets rip through the hood. The Hottentot was undermost now, but I was tco weak to hold him there. He would soon have twitted loose, I'll warrant, only he didn't get the chance. The wagon had been bumping along on its side, and of a sudden it took a header down a stony bank. There was rushing Hater at the bottom, and into it welwent- wagon, bullocks, and all. I was clean under before I could oren my mou h and then I had sense oncught to hold my breath and kick. The current must have washed me out of the end of the wagon, for I came to the tap of the river-it was the Vital, as you have likely guessed-and saw the shore a litle way off. I gained it by swimming and wading, climbed up the bluff to a pat:h of grass and fell down in a dead faint. It was early dswn whon I Icam to and I felt pretty caipper, except for the painful bump on my head. The river was a yellow flood, ard there was no sign of bullocks, wagon, or Janks. I was a little below tie top tf the bank, and when I sorambled up, I was the mot surprised and deltgatel man you ever sew. The bag of nuggets lay a few yards off, and s!anding beside it was JoLn Garwood. He had a bloody bandage around his head, and I took him for a ghost at first. " I thought you were dead!" I crihd. •It was a close shave," he answered, " but the bullet only ploughel my scalp. I've been lying back here on the veldt, all night. Wherr'a Junka and the team ? " I told him my story, and his face grew as soft as a woman's. " You're a brave fellow," he said, " and I hava's treated you squarely. But it ain't too late to make amends. You saved the gold, and half of it is yours." "I won't take it,"' said I. "You will," said he, and as his voice had the old ttubbora ring. I didn't argue the matter. The Vaal being rapid and swollen, we knew it was no use to look for the team,nor did we doubt that Janka's drowned body was tangled in the wagon. We bought a cart and bullocks from a Dutch farmer, and mude our way dowh to Port Natal. Tne bag of gold didn't hold exactly a fortune, but it gave each of us a tidy little sum. Garwood went home to England with his. I bought a farm here in Natal, stocked it with cattle and sheep, and put up the buildings. That's how I got my first start, and I've prospered ever since. Correspondent " Peck's Sun." 