THE SALVATION ARMY. ARRIVAL OF COMMANDANT BOOTH. THE PUBLIC WELCOME. " AN ENTHUSIASTIC GATHERING. When on Friday morning Commandant and Mrs. Herbert Booth fulfilled a long Eromised visit to the colony by arriving y the Melbourne express they found a loyal army to welcome them. The train came to hand punctually and as the com mandant of the Australian branch of the army and Mrs. Booth stepped on to the plat form they were greeted with cheers expressed in the army's own hearty fashion. They must have felt by the cordiality of the re ception that though a long way from home they were among friends. On the platform to welcome the visitors were Colonel Bayley, the head of the army in this colony, the editor of the War Cry, together with the leaders of the corps of the city and suburbs. The commandant is accompanied by Colonel Kilbey (the army's chief secretary), who is one of the most popular officers who has visited Adelaide, Major Unsworth, of the Victorian colony staff, and by Adjutants Sturgess and McMillan, their private secre taries. In the evening a grand muster of the Army members assembled on North-terrace under Major Spratt and Staff-Captain Howard, who acted as marshals, and marched full 800 strong to the Town Hall, where a public welcome was accorded to Commandant and Mrs. Commandant Herbert Booth. Booth. The utmost enthusiasm prevailed. The bands played, the soldiers sang and cheered and shouted, and with every step the crowd grew in numbers till close upon 1,000 people met outside the Town Hall. A corps of about 20 cyclists formed the ad vance guard. At the Town Hall a number of extra policemen were on duty, mounted and on foot, but their services were never required, the enthusiasm being, only equalled by the good humor. Com mandant and Mrs. Booth rode in an open brougham, and were accompanied by Colonel Kilbey and Mrs. Bailey. Once the hall doors were open the crowd rushed in and soon packed it in every part. Major Hoskin asked the soldiers and lassies to give a cordial, a real warm- hearted South Australian welcome to the visitors when thev appeared on the platform. '' Rise to your feet," he thundered, "shakeyour handkerchiefs, and shout as loud as ever you possibly can." They did. Such a ringing roar has probably never previously awakened the echoes of the hall as that whioh went forth when Commandant and Mrs. Booth appeared on the platform. Then followed Psalm 35, " Victory for me," after which the band again played, and Colonel Kilbey gave a short initial address. No two leaders of God's faith had, lie said, ever been so cordially, so enthusiastically received in South Australia. He felt sure that in Ade laide— famous^ Adelaide, warm-hearted South Australia—quite as hearty, and certainly quite as real, a weldome and reception would be accorded to the visitors as they had ever re ceived anywhere. (Loud cheera) Colonel Bailey, speaking on behalf of the South Australian wing of the_ Army, and as representing that wing, with its friends and sympathisers, briefly but cordially welcomed the Commandant and his lady. Commandant Booth thanked those present most cordially for the reception which they had accorded him. He only hoped that the Lord would aid him to fight the tight for Him. He could not, unfortunately, say he was an Australian, but being born in Penzance, Cornwall, it was, at least, as near Australia as could be_ managed if he was to be an Englishman. He had had the pleasure of addressing some 17,000 persons in Sydney, and told them that he liked to get down to the foundations of things, of move ments, and nations. He was true to the same principle that night. When speaking in that hall he was proud to know that he was speak fng in the Australian cradle of the Army, and it had been said that she who rocks the cradle rules the world. He told how it was that the Salvation Army was started in Adelaide. The Army could-never tell where its operations would commence. It was like fire and would hf/vab- rmf. in nil Rnrfa of r>ln/>pR—nnhnrltt nnnlH ever exactly sty where or when. And as sure as the fire broke out the fire engine had to come forward. (Applause.) In a little mission hall in Adelaide two men met one day. One hailing from far away east London thanked the Lord that he had found salvation. Then the other jumped up and shouted "So have I." And thus the Army was born in Australia. He felt very much honored and humiliated by the position in which the General had placed him. If they looked to the Bible they would find that Moses, Joshua, Jeremiah, Isaiah, and others felt humiliated when called upon by the Lord. But the Lord replied, "I will be with you." So, too, it was with him. He would do his best, the Lord with him. He would do his utmost, but there were some people who would die grumbling, so that he knew that he would not please every body. There were some people born with a twist in their eye who could never see any thing except what seemed to them to be awry. They were entitled to ask about a new leader what are the chief tenets of his creed. He believed in God the Bather; who ordained that TTia Son should die to save us, in God the Son made manifest; in the Saviour of the world, and in the Holy Ghost, laying special stress upon that tenet. When he spoke to people about the Army he always asked them how it was that they had grown to be a great people from a single man. The cause was God. He also believed in the devil. If he did not believe so strongly in the devil he would not spend so much time in fighting him. He hfeld that a man might be possessed of a devil to day as in the past. Where was the devil on earth to go if not into a man ? He (the devil) once entered pigs, but the pigs were wiser than men and ran into the sea ! He had no doubt but that the devil had done his work in Adelaide. It seemed to him that what the Christian church wanted to-day was belief. He believed also in Australia. (Applause.) Yes; he was an Australian him self now. (Loud cheers.) They should remember that new converts were always the most enthusiastic disciples. Any wife in that assembly could tell them that there was no love like a new love. They could tell that their husbands never loved them so much as during the honey moon. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Ho was an enthusiastic Salvationist, and had seen the work and services of God carried on all over the world. When he realised how many hearts had been rendered happy and homes turned out of little hells into little heavens he was glad to know that this was the work of the Salvation Army in the inspiration of God. He maintained that the day had come when the movement should bp judged by its fruits. He felt sure that they' in South Aus tralia would, not fail him for the service of God and the salvationlof mankind, and by-and bye if they succeeded and persevered to the end God would put upon them the living wreath which grew brighter day by day. They would sing and shout and cheer when all the angels got home. He again thanked them for their reception, and had much plea sure in introducing to them one who was, in his estimation, "the sweetest woman in Ade laide." (Loud and prolonged applause.) Mrs. Booth opened by singing, "I will follow Thee, my Saviour," in a full, sweet soprano voice showing evident culture and considerable refinement. When the choruses had died away the lady gave a long and very eloquent address. They had come, she said, to a land very much like paradise with a people very like angels —(loud laughter)—and now they forgot all about the troubles and tribulations of the sea voyage—and these had been considerable as far as some of them were concerned. They would have noticed before this that she was a foreigner—a Dutch-Australian. As such she had, as the Yankees said, a "pull" over the crowd, for was it not true that a couple of the colonies had been discovered by Abel Tasman. And but for him, well, some of them would not have been there. (Hear, hear.) She came amongst them as a soldier of Christ, and though some one might Bay, What can a woman do? she felt that with God's help a woman could do a good deal. As Paul became as a Jew unto the Jews in order to win the Jews, so /they had become Australians in order to win.the Australians. There was a dark side as well as a bright one to the picture. Let them look to the saloons and gambling dens and see for themselves. Drink was the curse of the people everywhere, and here in Australia the demon was doing his fearful Mrs. Herbert Booth. work. The policy of some people was "Save yourshlf," insteadp£ "Nevermind me." ' The Australian wing of the Salvation Army was, she held, going forward; their faces set to the sweet melody of free grace and undying love. (Loud applause.) Colonel Kilbey called for cheer3 _ for the Commandant and Mrs. Booth, which were lustily given. The hand played and cymbals clashed; people shouted, and laughed, and sang ; and with cheers and laughter ringing on every side the largo crowd tumbled • good humoredly out into the moonlight, one and all apparently delighted at the reception given the ; Army Commandant and his fair lady. 