SPORTING NOTES. [By Tarquin.J Looking at the results of last Saturday's racing on the Old Course one may easily wonder how it was he did not back all the winners. It can be seen now that on paper all those which were successful had chances suf ficiently good to warrant support, with per haps the oxception of Iluree, whose credentials wore not of the highest order; but it is easier to bo wiser after the event than before, and doubtless there were as many who balanced up On the afternoon on the wrong side of the ledger as on the right. Fine weather mate rially assisted to make the inaugural fixture of the new year a success, and in spite of the increased stakes subscribed by the A.R.C. their Secretary's financial statement will show another profit. The Stewards were not called together, though it was remarked there was one case which might have required investi gating. Owing to the dull light the horses in the last raco of the afternoon were not ve y plainly discernible on the far aide of the course except by those with powerful glasses, and it was pointed out that the patrons of the club would not have had to complain on this score had a commencement of the programme been made at 1 o'clock. Welter Handicaps are decidedly popular in Adelaide, and it is rather surprising that our clubs do not more often include one in their bills of faro. No less than nineteen candidates ranged themselves before Mr. Cornelius on Saturday afternoon in the opening event, and of these Supposition had % slight call. She was re ported to have held her own with Foliage and Nomadic on the track at Morphettviile, and as the opposition she was encountering here was not of tho strongest it was thougnt she j would be equal to scoring. How she: would have fared had she got off the mark on favour able terms can only be conjectured, but as it i was she was one of the last to leave, and she j could not make up her lost ground. Staff a, | too, was another who was handicapped j at the start, but he might nearly, have won had be been more judiciously handled. Everett, however, dashed him through his field going along the back, and he was actually in front on the hill enter ing the straight. He battled on well, but the 1 effort was too much to ask of him, and he was { comfortably beaten in the : last furlong by Iluree, while he had also to give way to i Nack&ra;, who came on the scene with a late 1 run. Mr. Haimes deserved a win with Iluree ! for the patience he has displayed with the j gelding. It was exactly three years since ' be won the Welter Handicap at the same j meeting. Soon after scoring in this race he , injured his off hind pastern so badly that he : had to bo turned out, and he enjoyed a spell for twelve months in the Weatunga paddocks. On "being brought in again ne was prepared for Tattersall u October Cup, but he pulled up very lame two days before .the race, and lie was in retirement for another 'twelve months. His next appearance in public was in the Selling Race at the A.R.C. Birthday Meeting' won by Fund. Though Black Flag held his plaice in the market for the Grand National Hurdle Race, ho did not leave off such a warm favourite as he was expected to. This was owing to the strong support accorded to Conven tioner, who found fresh friends when .* lie was stripped. His trainer had him in capital condition, and those connected with him did not seem in the least to fear Black Flag. It is, fortunate,'however, for the hackers of the South- Eastern horse that the Victorian was present'. Had he not taken part in the contest Conventioner would not have paid more than 2 to 1. * Not very much danger was anticipated from Patterson on this oeca ■ sion, as Jack Sprat was decidedly sore, and it had been found necessary to ease Radiant in ■ his work. Ensign was hardly ready, but the Morpliettvillc division somewhat fancied The Golden King. So far as the actual race was concerned, il^bah beetbe.described by. saying' that J>lac*~ * ^ ■'---■■■—* claimed 'a-mile the 'eevbii n lible chanoe; jJonvbntibiteK'J BO'8ttOn spore; b . pa£ the hill'it ventioner Would • ,ehbstnutplupkUf,;bHtho jyiw no match for himdithwiaV^'Ot inijUmping/ aoditmay : tfafyybb one ot tho best hural6>aO^; Vei hava^ad for eotne time. Black Flsggainedthird honours, .but j .biur^'hti" Vufierance.an'd- of .the others The ! Golden Rinjfc-rWbbfenced badlyin the early.. j»rt •ofibecohtest, shafted the best/ The GposeappM^ltoheteSvellmgmcelywhenhe cabieWgnef, butHavelbck eft a sorry figure. Thei»cs:cp*t.1i^ the grey; receiving euchseyere' injuries as to cause-bis death. It doeaTiiOtappear very clear how Radiant met/With' his aocident, but it is beltevedhecameih^o contact with a post with, such force that .his whole hip was' smashed in. and a poSt-moHem exSmiaation revealed that the [cause of his: death. It is Teal hard , luok €dr Mr. Melrose that he should have been ;depiived of the eef vibes of so valuable a horse as Radiant bad proved himself. ' The grey was a' Srat-class jumper possessing plenty pf pace, and had he stood his preparation for. last .Saturday's, race all right he would have disputed* favouritism with Black Flag and Cbttventioner. Ho was reported to have been equally as clever oyer steeplechase fences as he wasbVer the smaller sticks, and it was the intention of his owner to. have raced him over the jufaps later on. Mr. Melrose, however, does not intend - to allow his loss to stop his raging, and l ampileased to say that we shall see theblqo.aiaroon bash and blue cap again at nq.distiibl datb/ . These colours will 'in all probability, be earned next time by The Star by Robin Hood, who w'to be given to Patter son to prepare. Curtin, who was on Radiant on Saturday,-says he. tyaa going capitally at the time of his aomdeht, and he did not despair of riditig him in a winner for the fourth time in succession. ' There should be no mononolv in horse racing, but it certainly'does^ seem "to exist in connection with the Fulhara Park Plate, and without any blame" being attributable to the Handicapped 0. Quran appears to have a very heavy mortgage over the race, as during the last seven years -Foon is the only jookgy who has been able to wrest the prizo from hini. Is it that the'. Plyjnjptbn I trainer is better Qualified to ride, the youngsters, Or is it that those he pilots are superior animals? Perhaps both, but in the oase of the latest Fulham Park Plate it is qui to certain that for speed Security stood out head and shouldors above those opposed to him. Nothing whatever had a chance with him from the rising of the harrier, and had Quinn chosen the time could, t think, have been made equal to Ragamuffins. It is a pity that Taliesin jumped back from the rop6s when the word " Go" was given, as Mr. James preferred him to Lord Salisbury, but he would require to have been considerably better than his,stable companion to have over thrown the winner. If he is as good as reported he should be fancied on Saturday, as he meets Security on no less" than 1!) lb. better terms. Of tho tWo-Vear-olds which started in the Ful ham Park Plate, I should say Respond will be found the most susoeptible of improvement.in time. Security's success should bo encourag ing to Mr. H. G. Barnard, whose colours wero being carried for the first time, and it was worthy of note that Mr. W. A. Blackler also started his career as an owner with a victory. Referring to Port' Admiral's win, it may fairly be sot down as a meritorious one, as he finished in his very best style, and it was a treat to watch him' shake off tho desperate challenge Foon made on Kirkby. The brother to Portsea ran more prominently than was generally anticipated under his in creased impost, and those who pinned their faith to him just niissed being rewarded with the tidy little dividend of £13 odd, a splendid price in such a field. Port Admiral s price, by-the-way, was not a bad one. thanks to the support accorded to Viking, Nackara, and Foliage's stable companion, Supposition. Viking was prominent for a mile, but he took no part in tho final strugglo. After Staffa's display at the big autumn meet ings, it was only a question of time as to when he would score. Many thought that it would be a little lator on, but he had done so well since he had been under the care of F. Bailey that his friends wore in a position to put the money down for him on Saturday. His meri torious performance in the Welter Handicap under ad verse oircumstanccs caused him to he enquired after for the Lightning Handicap, and he carried' a fair amount of metal. Here again he was one of the last to leave the post, and he was not seen until the distanue, when Rogers brought him with a brilliant run, and being fortunate enough to get an inside berth he caught My Novel and beat her by a length. By-the-way, I understand that Staffa too is owned by a new racing man, and so many successes will doubtless encourage others. Doubloon showed a lot of pace, and he should be troublesome in the Selling Race on the second day. Young Lucifer has displayed a bold front in several steeplechases until he has come to grief, but on Saturday lie got round without a mistake, with the result that he won. The favourite. Rorke's Drift, put himself out or court by clcrating &'fence in front of the, Grand Stand heavily, hut under auy.circum stances he could not nave given Young Lucifer 401b. Mr. David James tells me that Auraria is doing splendidly in his paddocks near Kapunda. /She is quite sound, and we shall probably find her competing in the weight-for age events at our next big autumn meetings. The A.R.C. Grand National Meeting will be concluded on the Old Gourso on Saturday afternoon. The Selling Race would have read a pretty good thing for Doubloon after his Lightning Handicap performance had his owner taken advantage of his-full allowance •by entering him to be sold for nil instead of for £10, but even with 7 st. 11 lb. he will nearly win. If Wahino runs as well as she did in the Trial Stakes at Tattersall's Mooting she will have to be reckoned with, and so will First Master and Cigarette. However, the places may be filled by DOUBLOON... 1 FIRST MASTER 2 WAHINE ... 3 In the Second Hurdle Race Con von turner has been raised 15 lb., but he is so good that it is doubtful whether this will stop him, more especially as he will only meet Floodbird on 9 lb. worse terms, and Nalpa at a disadvantage of 12 lb. Nalpa was very prominent for two miles last Saturday, and he will have some thing to say, in this finish, but another dange rous customer is Gaillardia, 9 st. 9 lb. The last-named ran Conventioncr to a length and half at Tattersall's Meeting, and now they meet at a difference of 21 lb. compared to what they did on that occasion. The lot mentioned should supply the situations as follows— CON VENTIONU R 1 NALPA 2 GAILLARDIA ... ... ... 3 Foliage and Kirkbyhavebotbbeon taken qo w^oaroofintho Mayor's Mile that (lis Winner sbouldcome from lower down, and I like them— - ■' , NOMADIC or VIKING .. 1 \- PITOHERYM _ v.. 2 "• WAMA;'^ •. -' The only scratching# for the GrandNational Steeplechaise since tne acceptances have bpen Rdrke's Drift and Hayelook, and thus there will jprobabljr .be some fifteen pr sixteen runners. The following is the list, with their riders:— ' Horse. Weight. Rider. Black Flag M ... 18 7 H. Howie. Bjtfdtf ... 11 12 8. Ferry. All Fours . ... ... 11 2 ' J. McOowan. Cataract... . ... ,,.10 7 Mr. T. McFie. Woodfleld . ... ... 10 '7 1'weedie, Jilliet 10 6 W. I*e. Taradale 10 8 M. Burns. The Ghost - ... 10 '2 H. Holmes. Doric' ... ... „. 10 .0 F. BushelL Confidence - ... ...6 12 C, Hughe*. Simple Jim ... ... 9 10 J,. Harper. Bombastic - ..i 9 ,6. Young Lucifer .,, 0 2 . H. Hopwood, Repetition ... 9 0 P. Deveney. Sir George 0 0 H. Hiscutt. Blah wife... ... M 9 0 ' J. DyalL Banjo and AU Fours are pretty sure to dis pute favouritism. A rumour was freely cir culated on Thursday that Banjo' would hot start, but as Mr. Ferry seldom announces bis intentions until the course is reached it was impossible to verify the accuracy or other wise of the report. However, assuming that Banjo will run and that he is alright, he will be a hard nut to Crack, as ne is a safer jumper than All- Fours. Still, if the mare, who is to have the services of McGowan, be only in the same form as when she ran second to Dungan she ought perhaps properly to be preferred to Mr. Ferry s representative. Cataract will carry Mr. MoFie, and he may create a surprise, while Black Flag will have an opportunity to make amends for his failure in .the Hurdle Race. The Victorian, who on this occasion is to be piloted by Howie, was schooled again over the big fences on Wednes day afternoon, and jumped better than he did on Monday. Juliet is very well, and so is Tara dale, but if Young Lucifer again goes straight he may beat them both. The Ghost is talked of as something likely to upset' the favourites, but I shall vote for BANJO ... 1 . ALL FOURS ... 2 YOUNG LUCIFER 3 Security won the Fitlham Park Plate so easily that the extra weight should not stop him from annexing the Dequettoville Stakes. If he is to be beaten it may be by Taliesin, who got off very badly on Saturday, and who will meet him on no less than 19 lb. bettor terms. The Judge should hoist them— SECURITY ... 1 TALIESIN 2 RESPOND ... 3 There are several with a chance in the Cor poration Stakes, but the following result may not be very far wide of the mark:— MARRY ATVILLE ... ... 1 THUNDERER 2 ALVEARY or KASE ... .. 3 Rorke's Drift, who ran in the A.R.C. Selling Steeplechase last Saturday, hasbcen purchased by Mr. Oliver Aiken. No less than sixty-six new members have been elected for the Adelaido Racing Club since August 1, and applications aro still coming in. Postal, Gipsy Queen, and Conscript were tried over the schooling hurdles on the Old Course on Wednesday afternoon, and jumped well. The Wellington and Lake Albert Racing Clubs have dissolved partnership, and the Wellington Club will bold their annual racos in January on tho West Wellington Course. Owners of dogs are reminded that nominations, with qualifications, for the Morphettvillo Stakes, thirty - two dogs at £3 3s. each, in connection with the Flumpton Company's Coursing Meeting to be hold on August 28 and 29, close with the Secretary at 12 noon to-day. In the event of tho stako overfilling the ballot will take placo at the office of tho Company 23, Waymouth-street, at 5 p.m. At tho recent annual meeting of the S.A.J.C. amotion wa3 on the notice-paper to increase the entrance-fee for mernf>crs, but it was withdrawn. At the annual meeting of the V.A.T.C. next month tho committee will bring up a suggestion that tho members' entrance-feo be reduced from £10 to £5, tho reduction to be in force for three months. The entrance-fee was abolished altogether for a period of twelve months some time back, with the result that there was a largo increase in the members' roll. Walter Hickenbotham is to leave Melbourne for Sydney early next week in connection with the approaching A.J.C. meeting. He will probably take over Newhaven, Destiny, and Interlude. _ Amongst other Victorian horses likely to visit Sydnoy aro Nada, Trent ham, Summcrlca, St. David, Morago, and Confusion. Though Jjarrikin in recovering trom the injuries lie recei ved through striking one of the jumps at Caulfield last Saturday, he is not likely to start in the V.R.C. Steeplechase on Saturday, in which he has bean allotted 13 st, 7 lb. Autonomy is to put in another season at the ITobartville Stud, New South Wales. It is reported that Valiant would have won the Canterbury Park Cup last Saturday had he been ridden with better judgment. It is said that too much use was made of him. A plan long since adopted by the associated suburban clubs is to be copied by the V. A.T.C., .namely, issuing metal passes for the year to trainers and jockeys, instead of its being neces sary for them to attend at the office to get tickets for each meeting. The idea is a good one, and the only fear is that some of those enjoying the privilege may abuse it, as has been done in the past; but the penalty of having the pass confiscated would probably check any dishonesty contemplated in this respect. The Newcastle horse Btiletto lias been sold, and is to be sent to Western Australia. A fire occurred at Daandine, Queensland, last week, by which the brood mares Miss Newbold (dam of battery), by Newbold- - Lady Baldwin, and Corinda, by Oo'.dsbrough —China Rose, were destroyed, both were in foal to Battalions. The horses in the stables close to where the fire originated included the sires battalions and .Saturn, the yearling brothers to Cressr and battery, the yearling sisters to War Queen, and War King, and two other yearlings by battalions, but they were saved. The first batch of turf statistics for the .season 1805-6 was published in the Australasian last weok, and relates to the winning sires, Trenton, thanks in a great measure to Auraria's victory in the Melbourne Cup, has a substantial lead with £13,126, and' he is followed by Carbine, with £6,180. Then follows Malua. with £4.210; Newminster, with £4,001; Niagara, with £3,668: Abercorn, with £3,505; and Robinson Crusoe, with £3,514. Of the South Australian sires Neckersgat is first, with £2,755; while Clang forward is credited with £2,137; Thunderbolt, with £1,020; Richmond, with £1,835; and the Knglisliman, with £1,560. ■ Mr. Uphill has sold Nobleman in Ibdia for £8O0T According to a Victorian exchange he did not do well by thepurohaee of the Doncas ter Handicap winner Gourallie Cot the Indian market, tie Paid £650 for the ton of Honey* tn'oon tothe Messrs. Moses, who owned him, and in India, aooording to latest ad rices, he -only obtained 1115,050, which is equivalent to iust ore* £800. Mr.Uphill recently stated that be would not think of parting with Gourallie for less than B20.000, but, realizing apparen tly that ho might miss a sale, he has accepted a price which will just about pay his purchase money and the expenses of the horse. Radiant, who died on Saturday night from injuries received in the A.R.O. Grand National Hurdle Race was bred at tbe Lake Albert Stationed, and was by Highlander from Iris, tie started in eleven races, of Whioh he won eight, while on two occasions he was second. Though he only cost Mr. Melrose £1710s., that gentleman recently refused an offer of 350 gs. for him. Mr. MelroBe now proposes to put into training another juniper named The Star, by Robin Hood. He, too, will join Patterson's string. . Mr. W. A. Blaekler won his first race on Saturday, when Port Admiral carried 9 st. 9 - lb. to viotory. in the Buxton Handicap at the A.R.O. Grand National Meeting. ' Port Admiral is now to be Sent to Fulham Park, where he will do stud duty this season. \- Mr. John Crozier has been experiencing bad luck of late. Duke of Richmond, for whom he gave 500 guineas, has bad to bo thrown out of. training, and he will be with drawn from all his engagements. The first two-year-old race of the season— the Fulham Park Plate—was won on Saturday by the first favourite, Security, with Respond and Lord Salisbury in the places. Security, who is owned by Mr. H. G. Barnard, was purchased as a yearling in Melbourne last March for 30 gs. He is by the imported sire Padlock from Queen Eliza, by Vasco di Gama from Peerless. Respond and Lord Salisbury were both bred at Fulham Park by the late Mr. Bladder. . _ [ Among the visitors present at the race meet ing on Saturday ou the Old Course was Mr. Tom Hales. . rrosperity nas dropped a nuy toai to xrenton a{t Golebrook Vale, Kapunda. Ellestene has also a filly foal by Broken Hill. ■ At Richmond Park, the estate of Mr. J. H. Aid ridge, Tuberose has a colt foal to Carlyon, Mr. S. A. White advertises that Clonard and Britisher will serve a limited number of rnare3 at Weetunga this season. ■ A race meeting is\ to bo held at Murray Bridge on October 10. Rorke's Drift was withdrawn from the A.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase on Monday. The following other soratchings were also recorded:—Dequetteville Stakes, Fleet Admiral; Second ■ Hurdles, Radiant; Mayor's Mile, Port Admiral; and all engage ments, Havelock. ' The' following scratchings- have been made for the S.A.J.C. Spring Meeting:—Morphett ville Plate, b.g., by The Englishman—Lan caster, and all engagements Radiant. From all accounts the Ring must have had a bad time at the Victorian Olub Meeting on Saturday. As tho result of his running Excel to half a head in the Victorian Club Handicap Marusa was in considerable request on Monday in Melbourne for the Caulfield Cup, 1,000 to 60 being accepted on his behalf. Excel was also enquired after, 1,000 to 50 being written about him, while 1,000 to 35 was pencilled Mainstay. In the local market on Monday Miraclum was backed for the same event to win £500. The following donblc-event betting was also recorded. Caulfiold and Melbourne Cups, '5,000 to 5 each Duhallow and Resolute, Mainstay and Toreador, Mainstay and Marusa, Mainstay and Newhaven, The Chevalier and Marusa, Tho Chevalier and Wallace, Nada and Resolute, Nada and O'Trigger, Nada and Broken ' Hill, Excel and Thunder Queen. V. ft. 0. Derby and Cup—2,000 to 10 Resolute and Miraclum, 3,000 to 15 Resolute and Reka, 5,000 to 25 Man of Honor and Resolute, 5,000 to 25 Man of Honor and Marusa, 1,000 to 1.0 Newhaven and Roka, 2,000 to 15 Interlude and Interlude. ' The principal business in tho local market on Wednesday was tho support accorded to Broken Hill for tho Melbourne Cup, a sup porter of Mr. James's horse accepting £5,000 to £100 in one line from Tho Count. A 1,000 to 30 was laid against Marusa for the same event, while for the V.R.C. Derby 150 to 60 was put down to Newhaven 500 to 50 Ovdnus and 60 to 10 to Resolute. The following doubles on the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups werealso pencilled:—5,000 to5Thunder Queen and' O'Trigger, Tire and Toreador, Acton and Miraclum, Homespun and Toreador, Lord Richmond and Broken Hill, Miraclum and Broken Hill, Bradford and Wallace, Excel and Resolute, and 2,500 to 2J Tho Chevalier and Newhaven. Laura and the steeplechaser Sea Song have arrived safely in Western Australia. The annual meeting of the Maitland Jockey Club was held at the Yorke Valley Hotel on Friday week, Mr. J. Prindiville, President, in the chair. Mr. W. T. McCarthy, the Secretary, read the balance-sheet, which showed the clnb to be in an excellent financial position, having £85 to credit. It was decided to hold the annual race meeting on Monday, November 9, and to increase the stakes £28, By this the club will offer about £190 in stakes. The election of officers resulted as follows: — Patrons, Hons. A. R. Addison, J. V. O'Loghlin, M.L.C.'s, W. B. Rounsevell, J. W. Shannon, M.P., W. Copley, M.P.; Presi dent, T. O'Brien, J.P.; Vice-President, John Prindiville; Judge, Mr. A. France, J. P.; Starter, Mr. W. Honner; Clerk of Scales, Mr. J. Honner; Clerk of Course, Mr. D. P. Bren nard; Handicapper, H. Hughes; committee, Dr. Dickonson, Me essrs. E. Wundersitz, D. P. Brennard, W. Oatey, W. Honner, J. Kenny, P. Welsh, E. Miller, A. Hoffrichter, F. Meyerhoff, and J. S. McLeod; Stewards, Dr. Dickenson, W. Oatey, J. McLeay, A. Hoff richter, H. S. Hincks, T. Hiley, J. Kenny, P. Welsh, and J. S. McLeod; Hon. Secretary, Mr. W. T. McCarthy. Western Australian files to liar-.d on Monday give full ae--ounts of the Coolgardio If-w-.es which took place on August li and 9, and the results of which have already appeared in the' OLstrcrr by telegram. The arrangements were | not as complete as tli.-.y might have been. On j the first day the totalizator machines worked j very badly, and were not even opened on one race. An attempt was made to stop the ! bookmakers from fjctting, and a prominent ! fielder, well known in MelWirne and Ade- I laide, was arrested, but liberated en bail. When brought beforo the Court the following morning the case against him wasdismissed. Primrose, who won the principal double—-The Goldfields Handicap and the Coolgardie Cup—ran in the nomination of Mr. C. A. Northmore. who has leased her from Mr. Locke. On the first day, in order to have the services of Hodgkins, she put up 7J lb. over weight, but she scored easily, the places being filled by Yale Lock and Beneeia Boy. The time for the mile and a quarter was 2min. 17J see., and the dividend was £5 18s. Germaine was amongst the Starters. Her success in the Goldfields Han dicap necessitated her carrying a 101b. penalty i;i t'so f!<xi!ga,rdie Cup, but in spite of this she won even more comfortably, the dividend on the second occasion being £3 14b. .The places were again filled by" Yaie Lock andBenecia > Boy, but the tworevereed their positions, : Hodgkins, who went over To Coolgardie under engagemeiitto Mr. Northmore,in addi* ! tion to piloting Primrosehome inboth her ' events, also scored on Miss Boolka in the < Flying Handicap, «nd on Fusee rin the Selling Rime, while he wH third on Mollie Jlarting in - the Trial'Btakes. A "protest was lodged against him by the owner of Florrie fen1 inter* • ferenoetn the straight, but it was dismissed, a local exchange remarking that he "out* generaled" Shrimpton, who was riding Florrie. : The Seer, who won the First -Hurdle Race . at Coolgardie, was nominated by P. Bolger and was ridden by Hughes. • It is said, bow*.: ever, that had Editor not come to grief two - hurdles from home he would have.beaten The Seer, and it looks as though this assertion were . correct, as on the second day Editor won very . easily. Still The Seer, who paid a dividend of £215s. when ho was successful, had to put up a 10-lb. penalty next time. First Bomba, who was recently in Patterson's etable, was second on both occasions. Robson rode him the first . day, while Pitchford had the mount on the second. - In the Coolgardie Flying Handicap Common jumped off with a substantial lead, but . as several of the horses were pulled up under the " impression that it was a false start. Robson, who rode Common, followed suit. The riders of Florrie and Miss Boolka, however, went on, and they had the finish to themselves. Ger* < maine was third, but she was not placed. The crowd clamoured for the race to be run again, but the Stewards declined to fall in with .their . ideas. Misty fell during the race, and had to be destroyed. Shontover started in the Coolgardie Cup, but was never dangerous. The Bta'rting on the first day of the Cool gardie races was very bad; but Mr. It. B._PeIl wielded the flag on the second day, when a marked improvement was noticeable. t The postponed meeting of the Yacka Cours ing Club will be held on August 31 and (Sep tember 1. Lochabar, who won the Hurdle Race at' Caulfield on Saturday, was Bold as a yearling for 10 guineas, lie is by Boolka from Cantala. _ According to a Victorian exchange Conven tioner was well backed for the A.R.'C. Grand National Hurdle Race by a party of Adelaid ge<itlemen*who are now in Melbourne, and who spent last Saturday at Caulfield. Tlio Carbine colt Cohort was seen to better advantago in the Flying Handicap at Caul field on Saturday than he has been heretofore. Instead of running all over the course Lewis was enabled to keep him straight, and he finished second to Mainstay. I have received from Mr. .T. IT. Smith a copy of the "Wostern Australian Racing Calendar"' for August. 