A Fair Spiritualist; | OE A WOMAN'S VICTORY. By 'EriiGA,' A»tUor of ''More Than Coronet,. '' ALL I1IGHTS RESEftVED.1 CHAPTER V XIX.— BROTHER AND BISTER. . ' "Dear me, Mrs Golded! You don't tell me so.' What a. heartless creature Bhe must be!" >'lt is quite true, my dear. I heard It from Miss Caterwall, and Mrs Kal- Iub Slurp as well. She gave him a sleeping . draught ibat might liaye caused his death on purpose to spend the. night looking through lils private papers; but the ICap.tain 'woke Tip, or didn't take It, or Something, and discovered her plot. He left the next day— in fear of his life, I suppose." "It was a good thing tliat Captain IFurneJl found her out when he did. She has made terrible mischief between him and his grandson, that handsome young Royal Boomcraft, and has been the means of keeping them apart for years. Is it not terrible to think of the amount of mischief a designing wo- I man can accomplish?" . "Why do you not speak to Mrs Rose about her? Surely she does not know (What kind of guest she has Invited to Bneet our young people? She ought to lie regarded as a dangerous character, Ibis Gay Furnell." "Oh, my dear, I dare not! Mrs Rose lias taken her up, and makes quite a pet of her. We must not say anything. Bhe would quarrel with us >n the spot." This was quite true. If Mrs Rose Ead been, aware of the slander that was Circulating among her guests, she grould have marked her displeasure by leaving them, and shutting herself in Iter private rooms. If she had done no more. Gay and Frank had heard. They has seated themselves In front of an ivy- ©overed screen, and the voices proceed ed from the other side of ft. " And there is worse than that, if worse can be," Mrs Golded proceeded. ''They say that she—" Frank took the girl's hand, and led tier away. "I must go at once," she said, look ing .as colorless as a white lily. She glanced at Frank with an expression of Unseeing, heartbroken bewilderment that caused him to rage secretly against those two old hypocrites," meaning Ittrs Golded and her auditor. "Dear Miss Furnell, you are looking Quite ill," he said, "Oome round to the tireakfastroom. No one Will be there, BDd I can get you a glass of wine or Something." ' "Oh, no, no," she sobbed, "I must go home. I will not stay. Oh, let me go! tret me go!" Seeing that she was too greatly agi tated to meet anyone Just then with Becoming composure, he brought her Svraps and his own. (After insisting upon her drinking a Blase of wine, the two made their way tout of the side gate, like a couple of Ptlminals. "Did you hear what they said— that Bny guardian left In fear of his life?" jjte Whispered, still with that horror - Stricken look In her eyes. ' "Yes, I heard the miserable slander; I have heard it before." ' ''You have heard it before, and did toot tell me?" . He laughed a little, then looked down ftt her in a tender, protecting way that bade her almost begin to cry again. Do you suppose that I should honor touch mean lies by repeating them?" he baked. "Believe me, I would shield you (from all and every trouble, now and always. If I could." ' "You are so brave and reticent that I honor you more than I can say; but Iwill you not now tell me what caused fthe alienation between Captain Furnell fend yourself. I might be of some ser vice. Could you trust me with the mat ter, do you thfink? I would be your jfriend against all the world." i 'T can; I do," she answered, holding tout her hand to him. "I will trust you because you believe in me." 1 He kissed the small Angers then drew her arm through his, and Gay told him bll the story, as they walked slowly on Ihey scarcely knew whither. Frank's indignation and grief were Unbounded. He saw at once how she bad been victimised. His murderous Instincts found their way into his fin- Igers, so that they tingled at the thought tof how he could enjoy lashing that lellow Boomcraft until he howled for mercy. Frank fully recognised that B3oomcraft was the prime mover and leading spirit of the fiendish conspir acy. : 'Don't tell me any more! I cannot bear to hear it," he pleaded, as Gay began to describe some of her gaol ex periences. "My dear little friend! BThat you must have endured!" . His voice broke down. The thought tof the cruel ordeal through which the Bellcately nurtured, sensitive girl must b&ve; passed;, her mental and physical Suffering; and not least, her bmve en durance — unmanned him. 1 "I can understand the whole matter," be remarked at length, after they had Walked on in silence for some time, Miss Sausom must have thrown you Into a mesmeric trance and made your toubsequent actions appear seriously re prehensible In your guardian's eyes." ' ''The thing is as plain as day. Did fihe ever do so before?" ' "'Twice before I remember losing my fconsciousness as we 6at hand in hand, I listening to and looking intently at bar. On each occasion I remembered toothing more until the next morning, JWhen I found myself in my bed. Three itimes , I remember this happened; the fourth time she tried the trick, I he- Same aware of her intention, and resis ted successfully." She told him of the last interview Splth Una and its results. "Did Captain Furnell know anything tof all this?" ! "'Nothing whatever." 'Where is he now? I think you should Sprite and tell him, Miss Furnell." "'Oh, no! no! I could not," she answer- fed. "I think that whatever he saw, he iWas unkind to leave me without a word tof explanation; without giving me an topportunity of setting myself right in bis eyes. After all his goodness to me, fend all the happy years I spent under bis care, he could believe me ungrateful, mercenary, wicked, and notollow me to Befend myself! No, I cannot write to blm. No doubt he grew tired of me, fend was ready to believe me in the ferrong." t "'He did not grow tired of you; I am .perfectly certain of that," Frank an swered. "If he believed you in. the Iwrong, it was because appearances were Wery much against you; Miss Furnell. to think you owe it to yourself to set ,fcurse!f right with him." <444 "Well, perhaps I will writs and tell Aim some day," she answered, "but not yet." She turned the conversation. Very soon Fzank told her all about the ter rible deed which had robbed him of friends and home, and left him the haunting suspicion that his mother's hand and heart had turned criminal for the sake of being revenged for the wrong done to her by his father. "I will never foj-give you. never! You have been the enemy of mv whole mar ried life!" "These were almost the last word I heard her speak." "The next time I saw her, she and my father were lying In death together, and her hand held the weapon which I be lieve sent him into eternity. "Child as I was, I knew better than to repeat her words, even to the clergy man, who bestowed a father's care and affection upon me during his life, and bequeathed bis all to me at his death. "I repeal them now to you for the first time. Public feeling and suspi cion had both condemned her already. I thank God I said no word to inten sify the suspicion, which was so pro nounced and keen that my father's friends would not allow him to be laid in the same grave with her. "Thus they were divided, both in their lives and their deaths." he added, with deep feeling, which he could ill dis semble under Gay's sympathetic eyes. "Perhaps the truth will be made clear some day," said Gay, softly. "Until it is brought to light, If it ever is. I must walk through life's ways a lonely man," he answered. "Because I am a firm believer in heredity, it is forbidden to me ever to seek a woman in love and marriage. The sacred ties of home affections must never be mine. My feeling upon the subject is so strong as to be unalterable." "I do not believe in your murderous instincts," Gay remarked. "At least. If you have them, I share them. There are times when I feel capable of un heard of depths of wickedness— I do, indeed." "You look like that," Frank answer ed. looking down Into the fair, sweet face upturned to his. With its habitual expression of truth and ingenuousness, and its look of ear nest sympathy for him just touched with a trace of archness and sense of humor, it might almost have been the face of an angel, who had received special permission to learn laughter and mirth, and all the innocent joys of earth life. "We ought to be brother and sister, then," said he. Every kind of affec tion is not denied me. Let me be your brother. Miss Furnell. I will try to be a good one; I will, indeed." "What a charming idea!" she cried. "A brother Is — let me see— a brother is a relation who may scold and be scold ed; who gets leave to light his cigar at unhallowed seasons—" "Such as when He takes his sister fcr a much-needed constitutional after work hours are over," Frank suggested, cunningly, in view of future possibili ties. "Ella Findlay has a good brother," Gay continued; "the. handsomest and best a girl ever had. She used to tell us about him at school." "Then I will be the next best." "She went out rowing with him one day, and dropped his signet ring— the parting gift of a dear dead friend— into the river. He had taken it off end giv en it Into her care while he rowed. She put it on her thumb and dabbled her hand through the water, the silly girl. They could not find it, but do you know that the kind man never said a single angry word. When he saw how sorry she was, he went out and brought her the lovliest bouquet of flowers that could be got for money. "When site told us, every girl of us the school would have had him for a brother if we could. He never knew how many sisters he could have been possessed of if he had chosen." "I think I could be as good as that, if you were the sister." "But I would never lose anything of yours." "Broiher and sister call each other by their Christian names, do they not?" he asked. "Of course they do, Frank. Ella's brother calls her by all sorts of odd names." . "Sister Gay will be the name for me," he decided. He ratified the relationship by kissing the little hand once more; then he watched her disappear through the door of her temporary home with the satis fied air of a man who has found some thing belonging to himself of which he lias long been in quest. When he got into his train there was only one person in it— an elderly lady of sixty-three, a lone and unprotected widow, with an extremely long, straight upper lip, a thin, pursed-up mouth, a religious nose, a knob of hair, small, but pugnacious, and the bump of acquisitiveness. Opposite to this lady Frank took his seat, and her he regardede with a bland and beaming smile, being utterly un conscious of her existence and obli vious of her presence. "I was waiting for him to speak just one word," she remarked, describing the insult afterwards. "Just one word! And I'd have had damages out of him!" But for a gentleman to smile at a woman is not damageable, however enraging; so the culprit was enabled to keep his purse in his pocket. He did not mean to be rude. He was only thinking of his sister. The new relationship was duly pro claimed by the pair the next time they made their appearance at Mr and Mrs Rose's hospitable door. The announce ment was received with becoming gra vity by Mr Rose. Possibly that gen tleman's experience of life was of such a serious nature that the assumption of gravity was easy of compass to blm. Mrs Rose, however, departed from the room in search of a jug of lemonade, and returned with the ghost of a laugh just vanishing from her comely face. They wondered what she meant. Gay Introduced her brother at Mrs Dumbles' mansion, also. That lady re ceived him quite as graciously as could be expected, and remarked to Gay after- Wards that he seemed one of the "harm less' "sort," her experience of mankind having naturally inclined her to sum marise the species into t he numerous class of the violent, and the small class of the harmless. "But you'd better keep him in his place, Gay. You never know what they turn out In the end," she added, shak ing her head sepulchrally, as she re called the vision of the misdirected flat Irons. So Gay kept him in his place, which appeared to include the office of family physician. In this capacity he pre scribed frequent afternoon walks for his sister and himself, to be taken Jn com pany with each other — a prescription which induced much merry talk, and tended to forgetfulness of such haunt ing shadows as hereditary instincts and treacherous friendships. 1 hen there were Sunday evening visits to Mr Rose's house for «the pur pose of keeping Mr Rose in spirits while Mrs Rose was at church— a duty they performed by strolling In and out among the flowei's, oblivious of their host, who slumbered peacefully in his verandah chair. So that they found the fraternal and sisterly bond an immense gaiin and ad vantage. They would, no doubt, have remained brother and sister to this day but for an event which upset all Mr Went- worth's preconceived impressions, and caused him to repent of the bond into which he had entered with such readi ness and pleasure. This event was led up to by a return to the bosom of his family of Mr Dumbles. H was a splendid summer afternoon, clear, cool and breezy— just the sort of afternoon to walk with one's favorite sister through the gardens and along the quieter streets for a constitutional. Frank knocked at the door of Mrs Has her boardinghouse, and afterwards at the door of Number 1 4n the side street, according to directions received, where he discovered Gay busy shelling peas, In an apron of tremendous size. He wondered why she looked more dignified with her somewhat trying surroundings and occupation than many a court lady in full dress. "You truant!!" he said, reproachfully. ''You said you were coming out. You promised distinctly." "So I am coming out," she answered ; "coming out in the character of a pro mising (and performing) kitchen maid. I have found my vocation at last" "But why this interest in, and atten tion to plants of the leguminosac spe cies, if one may as?" "Your education has evidently been neglected, or you would know that vege tables are an essential to every well- regulated dinner. With vegetables, the cold meat is a meal; without them, it is only a 'snack/ or 'a bit of something.' It is necessary to the enjoyment of our friend, Mrs Dumbles, that her evening repast should be a dinner rather than a snack, as often as possible," she re plied, with an air of grave, preceptorial dignity. "Oh, this is Mrs Dumbles's place, is it ?" asked a voice. They looked towards the door. A man. powerfully built, of rough and dilapidated appearance, stood eying them curiously; then he walked in and seated himself without waiting for the ceremony of Invitation. "Mrs Dumbles is my old woman," he explained. "I suppose you are my daughter, my dear," he added, leering at Gay with an expression that made her shudder. ""Why, lord ! I could have sworn to you anywhere. You feature ttne to a T." ; Gay hoped within herself that the re semblance had not reached as far as A, much less T. If she "featured" this gentleman, one of her eyelids drooped permanently, the other was darkened temporarily, also her brow receded very much more than did those of the Greek 1 heroes, and her nose was villainous both in Itself and as to its Indications of character. She questioned Frank about the mat-' ter later on. and received the assurance that the likeness was a speaking one; but just now be was looking at the man as if he (Frank) would have liked to hit out straight from the shoulder. "Old woman seems comfortable off/' Mr. Dumbles remarked, "That clock cost fifteen and six, if a penny. Them chairs and side table cost money, and you could not get the looking-glass under a pound." He seemed to lapse into a pecuniary reverie with a view to the realisation of future profit. "Come, Gay," said Frank. "And what might your name be, my young gentleman?" Mr. Bumbles asked, suddenly rising to his position as host and master of the house. "Wentworth Is my name," Frank an swered. "Not son of Vincent Wentworth, of the Manning River?" "Mr. Vincent Wentworth was my fa ther." "Eh? Was that so? I knew all about your father, then," said the man, with an expression half scheming, half de fiant, and all villainous. "He was mur dered by the hand of " "Stop!" said Frank, stepping close to him, and looking into Mr Dumbles' eyes with a look that that worthy did not venture to defy. "Don't be peppery, my chappie. Look how you're frightening the young lady! Looks quite pale, she does, the pretty creetur! You'd better let me go and get her a drop of whiskey." Frank took Gay's arm and led her out. Mr. Dumbles called after them hos pitably, "Look round some night, when you've a mind for a pleasant chat, sonny. I might be able to give you some news about your people." "Hera is a deplorable turn of affairs," said Gay, with a dismayed face, when the two were walking away together. "Oh, that poor Mrs. Dumbles! What will she do?" Frank did not answer, and the two walked on in silence for some time. "Of what are you thinking, Frank," Gay asked at last. "You have been twirling your moustache for the last five minutes. You have always some thing brilliant to say at the end of the operation, as I know by experience." He smiled, and drew her hand within his arm, for it was growing dusk. "There are several ways of trwirling a moustache," Gay continued. "There is the supercilious twirl, as when a girl's face and frock does not please the male fellow-creature; there is the conceited twirl he affects when he looks down up on other people from his own high opinion of himself; then there is the thoughtful twirl which cornea on of it self, in which you have been indulging for some time. On the whole, I con sider that it takes a really clever, sen sible man to twirl a moustache nicely." "I was only thinking whether this fel low could really tell me anything about my people." "Has no one else ever told you any thing about them, Frank? None of your relatives, for Instance?" "My relatives are all in New South Wales. I have seen none of them since I was taken away from them nineteen years ago. My godfather, who brought me up, you know. Gay—" "I remember." "He was always very reserved in the expression of his opinions concerning the terrible event which cost the lives- of my father and mother. Ellen has been equally reticent, and life's affairs, including my examinations and the pre paration for them, have kept my time and thoughts fully occupied. Lately, however, I have resolved to come to a full understanding and knowledge of all the circumstances of that sad mystery." "I think you are quite right to do so, Frank." , i M'5 fiito "I have two months' leave of absence from office, and have determined to visit my mother's sister who lives in Port Macquarie; also to revisit my native place." "Shall you be away for the whole of the time?" "Very likely. Shall you miss me at all, do you think?" he asked rather tremulously. "Miss the best brother in the world? Why, of course, I shall miss you very very much." He wished that she had been less ready to make the admission, and a little more shy about it. CHAPTER XX— FRANK DISCOVERS HIS MISTAKE. "Happy he with such a mother! faith In woman kind, Beats with his blood, and trust in all things high, Comes easy to him; though he trip and He shall not blind his soul with clay." "Ellen, I want to ask you about one or two little things," said Frank, the same night, coming into the spotless kitchen of liis house, and taking his seat upon the table. "Dear me, Ellen I how you keep things so beautifully bright Is beyond my understanding. You must be scour ing and polishing all day long. I never see anybody else's place like it." This speech was an attack upon Ellen's vanity at a vulnerable point, as this artful man was very well aware, to keep " her boy's" house in rigid order and spotless cleanliness was the main object of Ellen's life ; not to mention that she was naturally a painstaking, conscientious worker, un satisfied until she had done her very utmost. She was a rather stern featured wo man of forty, with no pretence or affec tation of youthfulness in her dress or manner. The dress was of plainly-cut black stuff, with neat cap and apron. She "hated finery." The manner was un compromising, and rather severe— the manner of one who petted very small trifles until they grew into great troubles, and went more than half way to meet them. A pessimistic character, rather burdensome as a domesticity, but faithful and staunch was Ellen. Frank had been in her had graces lately by reason of unpunctuallty at dinner times, and on account of wear ing a general air of abstraction unusual to him. "Coming in nearer seven than six, and the cutlets turning to chips, and everything spoilt !" she would say in dignantly, "Though, to be sure, he doesn't seem to know or care a bit what he's eating, and hasn't for months past." Then she would shake her head dismally as one who feared the worst. "Yes," she answered him as he sat looking about him appreciatively. "You'll never get any one else to do for you like I've done, and knit new feet to your socks, and make your ribbed winter singlets, and all the other things that a man takes as cool and careless as if they grew of themselves without trouble or care." One of the troubles Ellen met half way was her fear of a possible mis tress. "I know that, Ellen," he answered. "I never mean to ask or expect anyone else to do them for me. I know my own interest better." Ellen smiled, pacified, and passed into high good temper at once. "Ah, Master Frank !" she said. "I've cared for you since you were a tiny fellow, no longer than my knitting needle." "Ellen," he said, "have you no little things that used to belong to my father or my mother? Of course, I don't mean valuables, but little things that I should treasure for their asso ciations; any old letters or papers, for instance?" He was watching her face. He saw that she changed color a little at the mention of the word "papers." She did not answer at once. She ap peared to be weighing some grave sub ject mentally. "Have you, Ellen ?" he persisted. "I have something valuable that I have been keeping for you all these years— ever since your poor father and mother died," she answered slowly, as one who had made up her mind at last. "Something that will make your fortune, Master Frank." "Dear me, Ellen ! that's a good hear ing; especially as my face will never be my fortune. Let us see the magic spell, will you ?" "It's no laughing matter, Master Frank. I meant to give them up to you the day you was twenty-one, but lor, you was nothing but a slip of & boy with no head for anything but them awful books, and then go out to cricket ! You'd never have held your own then, but you're getting to be a little bit more of a man lately." "Thank you, Ellen." (To be continued.) 