THE BOERS AND THE CYCLIST. About three years ago a wandering cycliBt threw n whole district of the Transvaal into a paroxysm of ;superstitous teiTor. Travelling by night, his pdvont would liavo beeq unnoticed if two young Boers, early abroad in search of strayed ibullopks, had not soon ; tho ' spoor,' or track, of the wheelman. With the curiosity of. their race, they followed it for -some milps, being anxious to sco ' the man who. oould .trundle n wheelbarrow so far without 0 1 rest.' ' i. w ViviM. After an hour's tracking ono remarked : ' This fellw must bo a tliicf ; let us go and tell the land- drost " (magistrate). According ly the worthy Dutch 'Leak' was brought on tho scene, and ho was accompanied by a scoro of armed Doers. Tho whole party followed tho path taken by our cyclist. Halting at noon, whilst tho horses grazed, tlio mysterious trail was tho object of much scrutiny. Suddenly ono farmer exclaimed : — 'Look hero, landdrost, if it was a barrow, where is tho 'spoor' of the man who wheeled it ?' ' My goodness !' exclaimed that official, ' I nover thought of that. Let's see — yes, here is the wheel right enough ; but where is the footpriut ? It is, it must bo — yes, yes; rido, boys, rido; it's a spook (ghost) !' To this day that portion of the road is not traversed by tho far mers of that country. Many funoraloustomsinGreoco aro unique. Tho body of an un married givl is always dressed .'as a bride, the common saying being ' she is married to death.' Tho body of a boy is always dressed as a sailor. Women never accom pany funerals to tho church or to tho grave. Processions are al ways on foot, tho priest leading, accompanied by hcolyto3 bearing tho cross and lanterns. The body of the deceased is invariably ox- posed io view, and at the close of tho service in the church, which concludes with tho words ' Tako tho last kiss,' both friends and strangers press about the body and give this tokon of farewell. A man having announced that that he was once in a community whore they all minded their own business, bis statomcnt was doub ted, and lie was called upon to tell whoro it was. 'It was on board a ship at sea, and tlio pas sengers were jail too ill to meddle with, ono another's affairs,' was the answer. : An English geutleman, travel ling in Franco, was very much annoyed at the slowness of the pacoj and wishing to speak ,to him in French, but lie spoxo the lan- T 1 .wi'l-. rf A' !:'h! guago badly, and, as tho coach man did not understand, tho gen tleman lost patience. At last he thought that if ho could not maico him understand, lie might at least frighten him with some high sounding words, ftmd ho roared into tho ear of the coachman, ' Westmorland, Cumberland, Nor thumberland, Durham !' This had the desired effect. Cabby immediately whipped up liisborso and drovo full spoed to a plaoo wlicro ho could deposit a man ho bcliovcd to bo crazy. An editor who goes in largely for tlio high-flown stylo of writing onco began one of his extrava- gaut leading articles in this stylo — To-morrow is tho anniversary of tho death of .Louis Philippe. Tho editor's penmanship was not by any means easy to ; decipher, so when tlio Droof was handed to him it read — To-morrow is the annivcrsavy of tho death of Sam Philips. Extrcmoly indignant at what he deemed a wanton insult, ho wrathfully wroto on the mar gin of tho proof — Who the Dicx- ens is this Sam Phillips? Hav ing reproved tho printer in a sca thing fasliiou, ho went home, but at breaxfnst next morning when ho turned with pride to his nrti- clo, which he considered better than usual, ho sprang up in a towering rage on finding it began thus — To-morrow is tho anniver sary of tlio death of Sam Philips. Who tho Dicxens is this Sam Philips? 