NEW8 IN BRIEF A progress report from the Innes ex ploration palrty is publishelld in to-day's issue. It seems impossible to get a track through via the Gordon river, but the surveyor hopes to got one through the Lookl-out country, a few miles away. The party has had very severe wea thier, which has hindered their opera tions. Miss Stewart asks thile City Council for nmore police protection on the Wind mill Il ill,miore especially as the "ghost" is about. The City Council sat for two hours. yesterday, and1 accepted Mr. Alfred Fry's tender for tihe remlovat of offal from the ahbattoirs. The reading of the minutes occuplied considerlably over a qularter of an houe. 'The princilil featuqe in tlhem was 19 )points of order, three pirotests, and three expressions "taken down." Custonls ireturns last week were ;£20(50 1s. Joseph Storey went to gaol for a month for sheepstealing at Mount Di rection. The bench ordered him to find sure ties to be of good boehaviour for six months, but lhe had to accept the alter native. Hlo pleaded guilty to the offence, but said thati starvation of self and family drove him to it. The Feotl)all Association and League of Tasmanian Wlheelmen are not' cousins just now. The league will not sanction bicycle races at half-time, and the association thomrefore refused to recognise the cycl ing body. The inquest on the death by drowning ,f Ashlleigh Lambert at Hobart wa. commenced yesterday, but not con cluded. The captain of the Kangaroo, whichr collided with the boat in which de ceased was fishing, was the principal witness examined. Much public interest is being eincedl in the proceedings. A number of Hobart unemploye. were sent out yesterday to work at Rosetta crossing. Preparations are being made to send others road making in the Lake dis trict, A public meeting held in the Towia Hall, under tihe presidency of the Mayor, expressed a unanimous desire that St. Joseph's Band should enter the intercolonial band contest. Mr. Abraham Barrett said he once tried to draw St. Joseph's Band to New Zealand, and he would now endeavour to send them to New South Wales for a contest, A band contest association was urged enanestly last night by Mr. W. A. Whit aker, so that an intercolonial contest could be held in the city. The matter Is likely to be taken up after the present contest. Sir P. O. Fysh, in donating a subscrl? tion towards sending St. Joseph's Band to Sytdney, highly praised the band. Parliament re-opens to-night. In the Assembly the financial debate will be commenced, but there is no business for the Council. Mr. E. Mulcahy, M.H.A., declared at his meeting at West Hobart last night that the Hobart Gas Compalny Bill was carried through on the vote of an in terested member. He expressed regret that some con servative women were adverse to the suffrage being granted to all men. Lyell railway line was laid through to the Queenstown terminus on Satur day night. A junction was effected with the nar row guage line connecting with the smelters. The Abt section will be completed shortly, for which special engines and carriages have been ordered. Pending their arrival a temporary passenger service will be provided. Everything at the smelters is work ing splendidly, and the capacity of the furnace is being increased daily. A carrier pigeon, the property of Mr. Jones, of Burnie, did the journey from e~ehan to Burnle on Sunday in 2hr. 10min. A distressing accident happened in the river at Windermere yesterday. Mr. William Mead, mate of the Cen tennial, was thrown into the water by the capsizing of his dingeyr and drowned. The body was found later in the day, and an inquest will be held this morn ing. Mr. Alfred Austin (Poet Laureate) unveiled Burns's monument at Irvino (Scotland) on Sunday. An expedition of 3200 men has been sent on to the Matoppo Hills by Major General Sir F. Carrington. The Turks in Crete advanced inland. aiming at the recapture of a strong position. They were repulsed, however, by the insurgents, who killed 50 of them. Ex-Premier of the Hovas in Mada gascar has died at Algeria. Cardinal Vaughan states that Pope Leo XIII. requests the Roman Catholic M.'sP. to oppose, the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill. Since the Chicago Convention 8,000,000 dollars were withdrawn from the American reserve. A great fall in values in New Yorlk has also taken place. German surplus for the year is 11,000,000 marks. Turks attempted to explode dynamite in the Christian quarter of Fetimo,.but the British Consul prevented it. 