CASE OF INVOLUNTARY PERSONATION. CHAPTEIr: Xl. W?IIEEN his visitor departed, 01aude Dennis went bask to his work-or rather, he tried to work, but in vain. His thoughts would wander. It was all so strange from beginning to end. That " Sieter Dolorosa" should turn out to be the lost Lady Soarlott, and more wonderful etill that Florrie, his golden- haired blue - eyed Florrio, bshould be her daughter, Ledy Florence Fortesouo ! And then, his own secret l Had he met with such a coincideneoo in a romance or novel, he would have laughed at it as improbable, far fetched-and yet it was true. Claude could not work. Alfter making several attempts, he throw aside his tools and, anatohing a bohaoty luncheon, put on his hat and went out into the clear wintry oun. shine. The afternoon was so. fine that he took a far longer walk thanuho had intended. By the time he got back home, the short November gloaming was fast deepening into night. Lotting him self in with his latch-key, he smiled, well pleased to see under the door of the studio, the glow of a fire, for a cold wind had risan with declining day, and the ovening was chilly. Having hung up his overcoat, he entered his studio, then paused, trano. fixed by surprise. In the rod glow of the firolight stood a woman of medium height and graceful figure, draped in a long dark cloakl, warming her hands. He had studied and modelled those beautiful hands too often not to re* eogniso them at once. " Daphno I" "Olaude " She turned her head, as he ap. proached, and emiled'into his feoo half.wistfully. "Well, you .certainly are the nlast person I expected to find hero oniny return. I will not be so indiscreet or inquisitive as to ask you where you have beeoon; but I suppose I may be allowed to inquire what brings you here at this late hour after so pro. longed an abseonoo ? Be seated and oexplain yourself. Your exite and enoutraneso are as mysterious and or ratio as yourself, you will o' the wisp." Before answering she looened her mantle and tossed her hat on to a chair. Thoen turning to him oneoo more she looked at him for a moment dumb, with suoh hungry, yearning passion in her velvety danr eyes that he would have boon something mors or loes than a man had he not under. stood. That hie did not wish to under. stand was evident, for with a sigh of wrarinesos and , gesture of impatiense he turned away. But Daphno, as if determined not to be repulsoed, droppod on her knees, and with hnuds up. raised aced olasped pleaded, . "What brings me here to-night? you ask ma Claudeo. Because I could not live without you. Beooauseo Ilovo you. I could not iroeep away any longer. Lot me stay withl yon aso your servant, 3'our modeol, your olave--juat Daphno. Only don't, oh I don't drive ma from you, or I doall die. I hIave just come from a home where I wae surrounded by every Ilxury, waited upon hand and foot; but I pinod foi' a sight of your dear face, the sound of your kind voio Il for you used to be Irind, Clande, long ago in the haIpy days before Eho canme b?woeen nu and lured your heart uwriy with har big bluo eyes and her white Lnby fee." "Daphnol" wlispredc the yousng man, stooping cod trying to raise her. "Don't kneel! to me. and don't telk so wildly. You cannot thiul: bow you pain and distresoc me. I how- never -I take heaven to witness- witllingly deceived you." "Then you do not aere for me ?" she wailed, her sweet, plaintiv, voice breaking into sobs, and e ach unepe: able despair id her eloquent eyes a was pitiful to co in thle eyes of to young a girl, for it could only mean one of two dire alternatires-madness or death. "Oh I cannot believe that you do not care for me, Claude. Take me in your arms and kiss me once--once, and let me just for a single momnont forget the bitterneess of the present, the hopelessneses of the future, and cheat mycetf into the de lnsion that you love me." "As a brother lov?s his sister, with the affection of friend for friend, I love you, Daphne," tie young sculptor an sweredwith graeegentleness. "I have always felt a opecial fondness for you. We have known each other for so long now, have we not ? And you as my model, have had a share in all my successes hitherto. But the human heart is like you, a will-o'-tho-wisp. it will net be hunted nor put in har noss; andlove, that light of the hcurt, shines often in the looletiest, darkest, most unexpected places. I am grieved beyond all words, my child, that you have been mistaken ao to my feelings. I have heaven to witneso I never had a thought of deceiving you. I would not injure a hair of your pretty head, my poor little Daphneo; but I cannot bear to ceo it bowed in the dust at my feet. It is not right that you should kneel to me." But she heeded him not. It seemed as if she did not even hear hitm. "He does not love me I he does not love me I" she moaned, her tear etainod faco hidden by the tangle of ruddy curls that covered it, as she grovelled, writhing in the abandon mont of despair; "he does net love me; there is nothing loft for me but to die." Then with a sudden change of mood and tone the strange girl sprang to her feet, and, with out-strotched arms, and her long, lustrous eyes full of passionate appeal, with a gesture that, on any stage, would have "brought down the house," she whispored in languid, persuasive tones, "Try to love me, if only a little, for the sake of old times, Claude. I will be patient, I will not be tiresome or exacting. Let me stay with you here as your servant, your slave, and I will wait for theb coming of love, wait in silence, as those who in the olden times watchod at the pool of Bothooda, waiting for the angel to descend and heal their woundas. I will nver speoak unless you address me; I will never force my presence upon you, never come near you unless you osll." She paused a moment, gazing with all her soul in her oyou at her com panion, where he stood half-turned away, his fhoeo averted and in shadow, his arms folded, his' head bent. Ho was in despair, distressed beyond measure, searohing blindly for words in which to deal the final, fatal blow to her hopes, and not finding any gentle or tender enough without being too tender. Ah I truth is a terrible, a brutal thing at times. No wonder the anoionts represented it as a naked and unoompromising goddess rising from a well. She, mistaking his oilenoe for a sign of half-oonosnt or yielding, orept nearer, so near that as she opoke he felt the warmth of her breath in waves on his oheck. "Listen, Olaudoe, I went away boe atuse someone had discovered for me the seoret of my birth. I was a found ling, as you know, found on a door stop by some tdlidre in Derby, who woro oharitablo enough to adopt me, and do for me the best they oould. Who were my parents? what their worldly position ? whether they were living or dead? Of all this I re mained in ignoranceo till a few short weeks ago. Then someone, who it appeared had hoon employed by my father to searehl for me all these years nsine my birth, found me out, asked me to toll him all I know of my past history, as I had hoard it from those good people who roplaood my parents. " My name is neither Daphne nor Doyle. I was never found on a door. stop, it soeems, but, oh I it is enueh a wonderful story, more like a fairy tale than fa?ot," oontinued the eager, ez oited girl pantingly. "My mother, who had left my father owing to some mieunderstanding between them, wan doredIiri:hway ii the country, right through Cornwall, till' sho amo one misty autumnal'night; late, to alonoly farmhouse among the cliffs. The farmer, a kind-hearted man, took her in, and there I was born. "A fortnight lator my mother dis appeared, leaving me in the oare of a Oornish farmer, Amos Ponfold, to whom she entrusted certain papers proving my identity, and to whom she confided tjeo story of her tronbles and the scorot of her flight. Theose papers he, on his deathbed handed over to the man who found me at the lodging in Aceaoia Oraeoeqt." " What was the name of this man 7" asked the eoulptor, very quietly, but with a esudden look of keen, though suppressed exciteoment in his hand. somo dark eyes. "Mr, Murdooh-Daniel Murdooh." "Ah If" "'Yes. It'ths very clover of him to find me, wae't it, when 'ill' the de. teotives had ffiled to obtain a single olno e?" "Very sclever; but doubtless he will have his reIiad." "Oh yes; my father treats him almost as if hlie were his own non, though in reaility he is only his seoro tary. Still, private ecarotary to Lord Soarlott of Baredale-" ' "What P'" oriod Olaudo, so sud donly that the girl startod book, half. frightened by his vohleomeno. Never before had she soon thle onlp Chaludo no excitod, "Do you mean to tell me that this man, this adventurer, has poronaded you into the boliafthast yeu, Da?phe Doyle, are the lcgitimets deaghlter of Lord Sc r!ict of Szars. dole, the Lady Flore.c Forte:cu ? " " And why , rhould I not be, pray Don'r I looi: the chari-cter ? Perhasps not; but that is carcely to be won dered at, conaidering my Bohemian bringing-up." " That has aothing to do with it," r.id theo colptor, gravely. " It is rot a question of loolug the chBaracter or acting theo pr.tt. Facts aro fascts, rmy poor child. This man, Dan liur doch, has deceived you. You are not the daughter of Lord Scarlktt of Scaradale. You are not Lady Florence Fortescue." " How do you know ?" "I do know, Daphne, and what I know I am prepared to prove. But I want you to trust me and follow my advice." " What is your advice ? " "That you will not return to Bcaradale at all, nor over, but that you will go back to your former lodgings I in Acacia Crescent, and remain there quietly till you hear from me. I Ram cure that you are innocent of any intent to defraud; but cannot you believe me when I tell you that you are not Lady Florence Fortencue ?" Daphno frowned, A chalky pallor overspread her face. She bit her lips. "Porhaps you are prepared to bring forward the lawful claimant ?" "Curiously enough, I am." " And doubtleoss it is your intention to put forward her claim ?" "It is." "You must have her interest very much at heart 2" "I have. She is dearer to me than all the rest of the world put together -dearer than life." " You make no seorat of your feeool ings." ' Why should I ? Now listen to me, my little Daphne. Bolieve that I am your best and truest friend. Take my advieoo. 8tay in town. Go round and sloop at your old lodgings; and take my word for it, the day is not far distant when you will fool devoutly gratoefl to me for giving you this advise," " And if I stay in town, do you in 'tond to do likewise 2" " To- morrow or the n-xt day I go to Ssanodale." "Why ?" "You can surely guess. My mies sion is to unmask n most iniquitous pieoo of imposture. Now do you un doratand 2" "Not in the least," was her sullen anBwor. " And you still persist in returning to 8otrsdsle ?" "By the first train in the morning. I sleep to.night at the- Hotel, and you will greatly oblige me by calling a hansom," she retorted, in a cool, imn perious tone. "I will do so since you wish it," said Claude Dennis, sadly; " but, oh! Daphno, believe me, you will bitterly repent this step you are taking." " Will you kindly call me a han som ?" his visitor repeated, with almost insolent impatience; "or must I go and find one for myself ?" "I will go," said the sculptor, moving towards the door of the studio; "but remember, Daphno, whatever happens, I warned you." With these words on his lips he loft the room. Daphno, standing on the hearthrsg, listened till the sound of the footsteps died away in the Ihall below, then swift as thought she crossed the studio to the sideboard, and taking the stopper from the decanter that stood upon it, emptied into it the contents of a small phial she drew from her pooket; then as sheo heard his re. turning steps on the stairs she hastily withdrew, so that at the moment Olaude Dennis re.entered the studio she was busily oosapied fastening the silver clasps of her long fur.lined Russian cloak. Five minutes later Daphne was goatsd in the hansom. The young man hold out his hand to her, but sheo happened to be looking the other way. Perhaps she did not see it. "I wonder if that girl is really a human being? " said Claude Dennios to himself, as he went back to the house and closed the front door behind him. "I have often fanoiod she was an elf, a sort of irresponsible sprite, or an escaped mormaid like Undiuo, lot loose from the fountain, she has such wild, weird eyes I " And Daphno, loaning back in the shadowy corner of the cab, staring out at the passing crowds, her white face a tragedy in itself, muttered huskily: " It is all his own fault; he drove me to it. I'm not a bit sorry. I'd rather see him dead any day thau that she or any other woman should be his wife." OIIAPTER XI. "Jameson told me you wished to spoeak to ame, fathor. Hero I am." Lord' Boarlott looked up from Tho Morning Post ho was reading, andlaid it asido as his handsome daughter entered, wondering within himself what made the brilliant, lively girl look so wan and weary, so listleois and boavy-oeyed-a- very end spooimen of a flantco frosbly betrothed. Her ladyship alowly advanced the length of the long room towards the table at which the old nobleman oat, and with a goeture of earolese indiffer ence dropped into the dopthe of a big leathoer-covorod arm-chair, and cilontly waited for her father to speak. This Lord 8oarlett appeared in no hurry to do. With his brown drawn togother in a frown rather of vexation than anger, and OyeO downcast--as if oomothing had happened to porplex or displea?eo him--he eat twieting hin gold cabnle watohohrin ahbeoontly round and ronnd his fingero, his lipo oom pressed in a thin, otraight line, At laot he lifted hii head, and loaning bnack in hie chair looked straight at hie daughter. "Dan Murdooh han boon opoeaking to me thin afternoon. With your poer roission, he sayc, Floronce-." Her ladycbip inclined her hond by way of aosent. "You must allow mo to qay that if hio demand han not aetually die pleased me it has certainly taken me by eurprioo. Ho noke me to give my conoont to your marriago with him, Florence. If your heart in norioucly cot uipon booomieg thin mnane wife I shall not offer any oppoition. I am I not in a peoition to do sao. Dan Miurdoca h.ll--by the fmct of haoing restored to me the child £ had loat- plrced me in his debt. NevertheleES I hardly expeted to repay that debt at sutch a heavy rate of inteezLt." "I thoncuht yon entertinend fseliegs of affcetion for Dan Murdoch," replied Lady Florence, in theo cameo tone of quiet indifference that offered urech a contre.et to her usiual sprightly riva cions cmnenner. " What is your objec tion to him ?" "I have no objection to him per eonally, Florence. I hove always tlaken a very keen intercet in his career for his own scake end for the sake of his father-a clever bt unoEuec cessful barrister who w?as rt Rugby with mre oas a lad. I lool: upon him as a most intelligent, ambitious young man, who is sure to mtko his way in the world. It was always my inten tion to make that way as easy to him as pOEsible by bequeathing him a cer teiu sum in my will; but I confess I wase hrdly prepared to welcome him as a son-in-law. fiis demand struck me dumb for the moment and almost took my breath away." " Why ?" " Why ? Because Lnady Flo ronce Forteecue, only daughter of Lord Scarlott of Scar.dalo, might well be expected to look higher for a huvs band than her father's private occro tory. However since you oro suili ciontly in love with him to ercri fice-" "Oh I I am as much in love with him as I shall over bhe withthe mon I marry," wae the girl's enigmatical answer, which waO true enough in the letter if not in the spirit. His lordehip frowned and shrugged his shoulders. iHe could not under stand thin noew-found daughter of his ; and with his ideas of what a woman should be and feeool, he felt no sympsa thy or patience with the .feore incomprioe. "I do not pretend to grasp the charaotor of the young girl of to-day," he said, almost coldly. "They are like the esa--stormy, ohnngeful, and unfathomable. Romaneoo, moreover, eooms to be to them an unknown quantity." " Buroly that is a fault on the right aide, father," replied Lady Flo, with a dreary laugh-the ghost of a laugh. " You cannot, at any rate, aoonse me of marrying for money or rank, Dan Murdooh having neither a title nor wealth, nor oven expeotationo." "That is true; but it would suor priose me very muoh to find that your motive for marrying Murdooh was a or? matio One." And to himself his lordohip added: "If it is love that lies at the root of this arrangement it must be love of a very lukewarm desoription, or olso my knowledge of human nature is com pletely at sea." Suddenly, as he was looking at her, more deeply troubled and pained by her apparent indifference than he would have dared to confess, she turned her head so that the light from the window beside her fell full on her face. As sebo did so an exclamation of startled dismay escaped his lord. ship's lips. The place was positively ghastly in its chalk-hoed pallor; great rings of purple shadow enoiroled the splendid eyes, that looked heavy and dull as if with many sleepless nights. All the glow and bloom, all the light and animation that had conotituted half the beauty of her statuesque oounto nanoo, seemed to have suddenly faded -as a gorgeousne flower will fade and wither at a touch of blight. She looked like the ghost of thebo gay, bril liant girl who a few weooeks before had taken the hearts of those in the stately household of loarsdalo by storm. "You are not looking well, Flo rensoo," said her father in a gentler, kinder tone, as he leaned forward and looked more closely in her pale, tired face. "You over- tired yourself in London, I expect. You want rest. You are not so robust as you think. If you don't look more like yourself to morrow I shall call in Mr. Davidson and let him prescribe for you." "Oh I I am all right, father; or if not I shall be very soon. I dare say it was the long railway journey that upset me; I am so horribly nervous. The jolting and jarring of the train always makes me fool ill for a couple of days. It's very stupid of me; but you mustn't be anxious." Sho spoke in the same moohanional, listless tones that had so little lifo in them, making an effort-a very un ouoceseful one-to twist her lips into some somblance of a smile, while her flngers trilled restlessly with tho curiosition that had boon left on the table sinos the previous evening, whon her father amused himself, as he often did, in re-arranging them on the shelves of his cabinet with the great glass doors. "My dear child," suddenly ex olaimed Lord eoarlett, "what have you done to your hand? What an ugly-looking scratoch I" "Yes; and oddly enough, though it is but a sorateh, thie pain of it-a sort of throbbing, lanoing pain-kept me awake all night, which I dare say asoounts for my tillow-colored cheeooks and heavy eyes." "Flow did you manage to wound yourself like that, pray ?" " I was in the rose garden a wooklr ago, and not having the soissors with me I stupidly tried to pluck a roose with my fingers and got well scratched in the attempt. Henderson, the gar donor, would say the roseo-bush did it in self-dofoneu and that it served me right." "I believe he would," laughed his lordship; " but then with Honderson lilioes and roses and all plants and flowers indeeood are living things., I shouldn't be surprised if he gave them crodii for possessing souls; habut you must take care of that scratch, Floreneoo," added her father' with 'sudden gravity, "it, is horribly in flamed. No wonder it pains yoen. Why I it's an open wound. For good. nes sae keep away from those poisoned arrowm." " I Iknow they are poisoned," re plied the girl;"but how on they hurt me unless I woro to put them in my month 9" "I waso about to explain that to you the other day, when I was in torrupted," said Lord Boarptale, al. waye ready to talk on the topic of his beloved hobby; "the pointc of these arrows have been dipped in a poeison, known to the Americon Indians as Curerine. It is a poiEon which posevseeo a most pcenliar quality. If takeneu inwardly, through the lipe, as a drink, it is comparatively harmuess; but if, on the other hand, it happens by accident ic penetrateo the skin through Eome ecratch or wound, and thus to enter the s~ystem, the dfet is fatal." " Do mean to oay, that supposing I was neccidtntally to let thoe arrow. points come into contact with the scratch on my hand I ehould die ?" asked the young girl, leaning forward with eyes wildly dilating and a look of unspeakable horror frozen on her nehen face. " If tihe poison not only ponotratod the ekin, but entered the system and pervaded it, no physician, no antidote on earth could osave you," replied bis lordship ;"and that is why I have warned you so continually and strongly against meddling with them, But, my dear Florrie, what is the matter P Your face is positively livid; you really must soo the doctor." "I will to-morrow, if I am no better. A sudden faintnecs came over me aus I stooped over the tahble just now. I will step outside on the terrace, the sool fresh air will soon cevive me." Por a moment she stood at the window whish she had opened, with both hands clasped under her heart, and as she looked out aroose the beauntiful undulating park, bathed in the golden glow of the afternoon gun light, her face wore a very strange expression and a smile that wae like wintry moonlight hovered round her lovely lips. Her father watohing her, profoundly troubled, wondered vainly what it meant. Was she lookling for her fiance, Dan Murdouh, who hadgone for a ride? If she were her eyes ought to have brightened, for as she stood there suddenly the figure of a man on horseback-and Dan Murdooh looked his beest on horseback emerged from the shadows of the avenue, and catohing sight of her at the window beokoned to her with his upraised riding-whip, But to the surprise and bewilder ment of Lord Bcarlott, whose eyes had never left her fee for a moment, instead of blushing and smiling, and waving her hand in olknowledgment of her lover's salute, sheo only shod. dered and turned away. A moment later she had stopped out on to the terraose and disappeared. His lordship, looking after her, sighed deeply, muttering, as he ro urned the interrupted peruseal of bis paper: "I wish I understood her oharacter. It is so complex, not a bit like her mother, my poor, lost, misjudged Florenco, whose natureo wase as trans parent and simple as her beautifal colear blue eyes." He read till the obadows deepened into twilight, and he oould see no longer; then his thoughts full of his daughter, sad thoughts mingled with sadder memories of the wile he had driven from his heart and home, he eank from reverie into slumber. Saddenly he started up, rubbed his eyes, andlooked round. It soemed to him hewas no longer alone, and yet there was, apparently, no person in the apartment save himself. Then his gaze, wandering to the window, rooested on something that cauned him to start to his feet, and then to drop back bheavily into the depths of his ehair, covering his face with his trembling hands, while great dropsof sweat, the sweat of terror and agony, stood upon his forehead. "The face of my long-lost Florence," he groaned, breathing deeply. That is what he thought.he had soon at the window-his Florenoe, young, and fair, and smiling, as. she was when ho had woood and won her, the ghost of her in her glorious girl hood looking in upon him between the unslosed ourtains with a tonder, sorrowful look in her sweet blue eyes. Could it have been but halluoination \--an apparition conjured up by his recent day.dream ?--or was it, conld it bo-? He turned, uncovering his faoo, and found Dan Murdook beside him, who, having returned fromnn his ride and interviewed the groom, had just entered the library as Lord BoSr lett sank back groaning in his chair. " Did you soo that, Dan, that--?" pointing with shaking forefinger to. ward the open window. "Her ghost -theo ghost of my lest F'loronoce oome bask to haunt me and sharpen the pangs of remorse, as if they were not sharp enough already-as if the iron of anguish had not entered into my soUl." Had Dan Murdooh seeoon anything I Yes, lie had; he had soeen the fasoe at' the window-a feesoo that was the exaot o;,nuterporrt of the piotured foes in the portrait on the opposite wall. He too was pale-pale to the lipe-.but not with supdrstetioue feare. Ho had no faith in ghosts, neither did he boe liove in Nomesis. Like most col. turod criminals, Dag Murdooh was a fatalist-a gambler, who regarded lifo muoh as a boy in the gutter regards the game of pitoh and toss,.- Heeds or tailh ? Whatever was to win would win- Kismet.-whioh areed, however. did not binder him from calculating, from dabbling in " ystoems," just en all gamblera qo. "Did you see that faoe, Dan ?" "I saw something or someone. I dare say it was only a housnemaid who had stepped outside to aloso, the shuttor; thebo ohutters fasten outside, youn remember-and I expect your startled cry frightened her nas muoc as she frightened you. Your.nerves are unstrung. Your lordship broods too Smush over the past, However, I'llgo and reooonnoitroe to eatisfy you;" aned with those words oh his lips ho eteppod outsido. Not for a moment did he doubt that the feoo he had soon was that of Florence Thornley. He had rooog' nised her instantly--tho only person he thought he had to fear. Wlhat had brought her hero ? Had she by any means discovered the scoret of her bilrthli and come, to SuBsailale o tn claimant ?. ' - , \- ('2's, Is coegbeseod, .' , " 