THE CUSTER MASSACREL It was in January 1876 that Gens. Custer, Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against the Sioux in Montana. At Rosebud on the Yellowstone, Terry estab> lished a camp and Custer kept on the search for redskins. Crook was detained in another diiection, which left Custer with a small force of mm. Old Sitting Bull was the medicine man ofi the Sioux anil gave tbeni advice as to what 1 they should do. On June 25, Custer struck Sitting Bull's trail and followed it into the i.ittle Big Horn valley. Cusler expecting a battle detached Major licr.o with seven companies to cross the Little Big Horn river, and attack the enemy from tho west. Custer dashed ill to the right, Iirno was ou the left and Benteen in the centre. Custer soon disappeared in the vail, y and immediately after Reno and Bciitecn were surrounded by Indians, and for 24 h Mir? tlicy fought desperately against overwhflm irg odds. While Keuo and bin men w<*re foiUlitig tor tl :oir lives they heard firing in the direction tub n by Custer. Itonly lasted a few niiiiuies and then ceased. Then Terry arrived: from tbe Y< llowstone camp and Reno's command was saved. Tho Indians had all disjpr-earcd before Terry arrived. A search wns then made for Custer. lie was soon found dead with bis men. Major Iteno was tried by Court Martial for failing to support Custer, He was a ruined man, but there have always been doubts as to the justness of his punishment, for it is thought by many that Reno did well to save his command from nnssacrc. And many people were not slow in blaming Gen. Custer for dashing into tho trap he did, when by a little strategy he might bave given battle to the reds and inflicted a severe punishment upon them. But he waited for no one and some who knew him well say that bin desire lo win all the glory for Custer, led him to charge tbe enemy instead of waiting for Reno. But, who can tell ? Custer died and not one of Irs brave band was permitted lo escape to tell tbe history of that charge. Such is the brief history of the Custer massacre. It is many years now sinca that desperate charge was made by General Custer, and during those yearB I met^with men who bad vjhited tbe Custer battle field I also met a number- of Sioux who were in the battle, and from different sources 1 picked up all the information I mM in relation lo the massacre. Seme years ago I met Frauk Yates, an Indian agent. Frank had a brother iu the 7th Cavalry (Custer's regiment) who died by Custer's side. When I saw Yates ho had charge of old Rainin-tlie-Facc, a chief who took tbe lead iu the Custer massacre. Rain-in the-Face was t)io Indian who, after the batilc, cut out Tom Custer's h< art, and bit a pii cc out of it. Tom Custer was a brother of Gen. Custer, snd when Rain-in-the-Face cut Iiis heart out lie was fulfilling a vow. Some time before the Sioux went on the warpath, Tom Custer had struck Kainin-the-Face for some trivial matter. The old Indian looked bim in tbe face and said : " Tom Custer, I will cut your heart out for that some day." Ke kept his vow. Gen. Custer's body was not mutilated, aud bis death was suddin for he" was shot in the head. Another story of the roassacro which was told to me by Yales, who Kot it from Ihe Indians, was that of a soldier who was with Custer when they chargcd tho Indians. When this soldier saw that they were in a trap, he wheelrd his horse and dashed away toward tbe open valley. Several Indians followed him aud he finally gave up all hope and drawing a pistol he shot himself in tbe head. The Indians declured to Yates that the t-oldier bad a better horse than any of theirs and that they were just going to give up the chase when they saw the fleeing man shoot himself. But let us not call it a battle, tor it was simply a massacre. Lately there has been a number of stories published in reirard to Custer aud among them is one related by a soldier who was left behind with Benteen when Custer started off to find Sitting Bull. This toldicr says I hat he was one of tbe first uacu to reach the Custer battle field, and from the signs which he saw be camo to the conclusion that Custer •nd his men were not given a chance to i-trike one blow. The men lay in rows upon the ground and they had evidently fallen together.' They rode into the very croup of the Indians) who were concealed not fifteen feet away when they poured n volley into the little bind which, literally melted away like smoke belore a breeze. | Custer's cavalry, the Seventh regiment, was always <he bitterest foe of the Sioux. The Seventh had harassed the Indians for years and the Indians were glad of a chance to wipe out a third of the entire regiment. Years after when the ghost dancing began, and the Sioux war broke out at Pine Ride accncy, the Seventh was »gain sent into tbe field to face their old foes, and it was then the old Seventh came very near oeing annihilated.The regiment was surrounded ind actually being overwhelmed by numbers, when the Eleventh arrived and saved the old regiment. Aud the regiment which came tu ihe rerouo was a negro regiment. Recent surveys show that one-sixth of the State of Oregon, something over 10,000,000 1 teres, is covered with dense forests. A species ot minute Brazilian spider Fpins webe 60 fine that it takes 4,000 of tbem twisted together to equal the diameter of a human hair. The mortality among cattle at sea resulting from cruelty, want of water, &c.;, was formerly >ut down at sixteen per cent., while at tho >re»cnt time it :s one per rent. There «k about 370,000 acres under tea sultivatiou in British India. The late Emperor Frederick on all Ins :ampmjni S t 0 carry with him his military hymn book, a present from his consort. Tns st^vCi of -iris is greatest in tboii nfteentli year, and that of boys in the seventeenth. Tue deepest gold mines in Australia are the Magdala, at Stawell, 2,400 feet, am} • •aasell's, at Sandhurst. 2.^*0. - ^ 