A MODERN PYTHIAS. A group of tennis players wore lounging under tho locust trees In the campus of a college. They hud just finished the fifteenth "last garao of the season," for although November was near, the weather remained like summer. It was little Ted McNutt who found hie breath first, aud broke the silence— "Have you got acquainted with the new soph yet—Fred Hersen ? Seems to be a genial Sort." —-—>>- - "Genial!" echoed his nearest neighbour, Clifford Doone. iu a tone of infinite disgust. *' What old-fashioned words you use, Mac! l'hrase him iu the modern languages, can't you ? •• Why, I mean he isn't stickisb. He gets acquainted easily, doesn't seem a bit homesick or forlorn, as tbe new fellows mostly are, and trk<s his examination like so much fun." • " Ycu don't say ! " ejaculated Lex Small, the champion athlete of the school, who spent so much time and energy on gymnastics that little «ai left For mathematics *" So," reasserted McNutt. " " Guess I'll get introduced. He might hel|: mo out in trig." said Let, thoughtfully. The boys all laughed at this characteristic remark, nini fairly shouted when Shirley Deane, ll.e " j>ct lamb of the Sock," as be was railed, sbo»cd bis colours by hoping " that the girls w<.uld not go crazy over him:" " Tbey ifeill, I know," spoke up Clifford, For l siw Flo Barnard talking with bim iu the library, and the girls all follow her lead."' r- Th< re was, a chorus of groans at this, for those four young meu were the admiration of tbe pijl students, which stcret was long since di-covered, and often discusscd at their private mi clings. " In union there is strength—myonly axiom, gentlemen," proclaimed Lex. " A fellow has no busii-css coming into this collie two months lite, taking tbe front seat in our class-roomt mid in our best girls' hearts. I propose wc unite in downing this new and'objectionable jierson, every time, everywhere, and in every possible way V Agreed!" tbey shouled, McNutt adding, " J et's begin t ight off ! 1*11 get introduced in crlcr to find the weak points in his armour. Lex, go and look up his place in the class books. Cliff, prepare to outshine him in recitation tomorrow, and Shirlty look after the soundness of lhe girls" hearts." So, laughingly, they shouldered their rackets •and sauntered into the house. • ' "Thus endeth thie fifteenth last game!" exclaimed Lex..,One would tkink we were practising for tbe stage, with our numerous fan well engagements. Suppose, for. a change, we turn to our work as investigating committee, and Leer the report of members, Mac, first." liaising himself upoa one elbow McNutt began— *• I got acquainted with the new 1 man and found he was from New/York. He didn't say whether it was the State or City; Sn fact, be has tlie knack of making a body tali-3, so I came away feeling that he knew more abcut me than 1 did of him, and—that's all." " He didn't have a very good lesson this morning," put in Shirley, " and 'he seemed •green to me—staring at every one -who got up to recite." Ob, new ones all do !" objected JMcNutt. *• Oue thing I know," asserted? Ler, calmly proceeding amid the shouts of " "Hear, hear !' :: •• FJo has introduced him to ba£f of the girl; already, and I intend giving her toy opinion of such forward, unladylike conducSi" • "He hasn't shown prefcrenceifarany,sofar,' : paid McNutt, thoughtfully scoaj-ing the seeds j from the grasses around him, ""butit beats me ; what a fancy he liaBfor that stupid .lack Stokes. This is Stokes' second term, you [mow, and ht hasn't half a dozen friends to his,"name; yet hi snd Harsen wero walking in tin: campus this j morning like old cronies."' i " Oh," yawned Clifford, "w<; are gossiping as they do at a ladies' tea party. Let's have another game by way of practice." While these conversations weje b«:ing held on the lawn, the much- discussed, student, Fred Harsen. was fast being initiated into Sie life of the college. All that the <]uaitctte of enviou$ fellows bad said of him was toae, which is more than can be asserted of mast gossip. Never had the college walls held a ./student so popular ip so short a space of t.'me. J , - h, iJtsfl. ? S .f an,U,ess 1 looks, while bis ability and joviality -won tho more reluctant respect and good will :of the . boys. . ' AH were amazed, however, that he, should form so ardent a friendship witih Jack Stakes, a (student far from popular amorg them. By-and bye they were looming togcth.er, and tl»ir den became headquarters for all -tlie fun gOBlg, Here it was that the. the boys congregated tc plan their firsS sleigh-ride.'; chose sides for a golf match; elected their .ghost to attend the girls' tea party; held impromptu debates, and wrote essays for oneainotber. ' Even Stokes became " illumined .with a reflected popularity," as Le= grumpily «alled it, and was invited everywhere his comr.rie was Bj times he was the life of the company ; but it was a fitful gleam, and he anvariably lelapsec into a morbid gloom. : Weeks passed making; little chamge in th« ecxaal affairs of the College; one night, ; however, a strange "procession ' wound it-, way through the gonads, and only the crunching of ice-cc^ered snow broke the stillness. The bell boy shrieked, with terror when lie opened the^door to receioe a group of men bearing tww'uuconscious boAes. They had gone out, a liwely ,crew, in a foui- iorse | t . b r " * * ^'S 114 o : reckhws driving j the horses had earned them over an embnnk- .went, with tbisawtful xesult. Many were cut and bruised, vwhile Cli fford Doone lad a let [broken, and Jack Stobjs was internally injured. ' waBhuE£yin g to-and-fuo..and the excitement was for da^s intense. CSittord's condition was painfoi,.b Qfchii 5 recovery was onlv a question of time ; Jack's life, howewjr, swung . t h e balance for siany .lays.. During .that time ;5 red scarcely left his> side j oeciaring thai: hecoud do as well as any traoned miDst:,and tbatiie would tStt S f rather tbffiu desel1 hTf^d* 8 -.^ ? \- The.doctor Jand professor Boi>ked at •one another io surprise,; one of them wintering, " A Yeritable Damon a; ad Pythias case."' He had his own wayas usual, night aftei night banishing the kio<thearted ones whe offered to relieve them . ; After a day of UD «sual suffering and : the constant attendance ot the doctor, whtn Freo was left alone with tl « sick man, -lack turned a white face towards h im and said wistfully— , » The doctor has j pven me up, have you ?" , '"deed!" /was the -quick answer. Still, I would pre jpare for the worst, Jack. m e anything f flat burdens your minds." "I understand--and Im not ready to die, either, for I havei ,'t lived right, and the inno cent might suffer because of me. Can you keef a secret? Draw up c] oser a„d.I will tell yot one." ! He talked lor «:and eagerlv in. whispers, unti Fred saw bis s' /*e»gth was exhausted and bi« story nearly fcme, so he said = in a tremblins voice— " That wi) /s do. Take-tbis and go to sleep And when/lb,, medicine had done its work, this " Pyt " quickly I crossed the room, ojtencd a t Mnk that was not his. carefully laid itsconteu XSOQ the floor, aud iioallv raised a neatly ni false bottom. Ab, the «cb we cat! friends] . Wbas a fraiI thil, s u , i Jacked not die. As soon as tbe doctor waul- 5 /permit, the boys met i 0 91 for a jubilee. c*rr ting Clifford in that thev might have theii b frees " together. It vra»:a. rare occasion, ?.nd W'ey were all in bigb..c!t^. t'.ijt when Kecd and ^ex reached their o»m ro^.ui liie foraier hoisted himself upon the study table z.n<l exeiai'ned " It bpats me ! When .is* k was tiieiiL-l.t about to die S'red was devotion devoted, an-l nn.-.i in-, l.nnour, between you and me ami tbis l..i!•!<•, m,w that hue getting weii the;fcilow arte Sony." j ] " You're right, Mac," was the answer. " I j i never saw such an expression on a mortal's ] face. He couldn't have looked unhappier if he were to be hung, and you'd have expected hira ! to ba the jolliest one of the crowd. Oh, well, , Harsen's a puzzle we might as well give up first ; as last, and I'm too sleepy lo talk, anyway ; so get down, aud don't venture another word tonight." Soon he was snoring, a queer little childish i snore, and McNutt dropped off with a smild on j his face. A week afterward Stoke appeared for the first i time in the class-room, Harsen following, and j looking far tbe paler of the two. The professor j entered, and was about to begin the recitation 1 when Fred stepped to tbe desk, and laying down i soma papers said audibly :— Wilt you examine these, and vouch fot their correctness-"' Then, facing Stokes, h< ; said in a clear voice, " George Stover, ir : the name of tbe law I arrest you on the 1 charge of forgery committed three years age ; in • Buffalo, New York You have conceaiec ; in your trunk—which is now in the band: i of the authorities—four thousand three bmnlrce • dollars; besides, you have freely confessed tlii; crime ta me. As a detective " (throwing opci his roit to stow the star), " I traced you here. ! but baring to prove your guilt I entered t I student and became your daily companion j This yoa all know, so there is nothing for mi j to add except perhaps a few personal words Fellow students, it has been a mean part 1 have played, and the daily deception ha: j been almost unendurable, still it was necessary, as each onu can see. When Jack was sickespecially after he took tne into bis confidence —1 wished that to save himself the disgrace anc the penalty—ob, I wished in my heart he might die." There was a painful pause, in which no one seemed tu breathe, then he. went on,— " Had he died then no one should ever have attached the crime to bim, aud 1 would have disappeared from tbis college as suddenly as 1 appeared. The sheriff is in the hall. W* must go." Jack, who had risen at Fred's first words, stepped forward and said in a manly voice— " It is true. I am guilty. Believe me, boys, I would rather be serving out niy sentence where I belong than here among tbe innocent. Anywhere is a prison with remorse in one't heart, and perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and I come to face death ag-in, it will not I be so hard. Forget me, one and all. Goodbye.'" There were no more lessons learned in college that day, and no laughter for a week. Aftei discussing the matter for the four bumlre<'.tb time, Shirley Deane turned to the group of. girls j aitd said sharply— " And Harsen was married, too. He told me so at the depot, and said he hoped t he girls | would not cry, but I hope you will, and that it ; will be a lesson to eveiyoue of you! " | 