THE BRITISH MISSIONARY SOCIETY'S CENTENARY. SERVICE IN THE MASONIC HALL. The Rev. Dr. Bevan, of Melbourne, conducted a special service in connection with the London Missionary Society's centenary celebration in the Masonic Hall yesterday afternoon. There was a large attendance of the public, and the Rev. A. B. Rofe, pastor of the Congregational Church, occupied a seat on the stage with the rev, doctor. The "preacher selected for his text Acts, 1st chapter, 8th verso—"And ye shall bo wit nesses unto Me in Jerusalem and in all Judea, and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the world." He said he presumed all present were Christians—if they were 'not he hoped they would without delay enrol them selves on the Lord's side—but although they might all belong to various sections of the Christian church, and upheld the principles of their respective sects, did they bear witness for Christ ? Nowadays people were very pro nounced in expressing their opinions on various question!1, but generally kept religion in the background. That was not carrying out the Master's orders. The rev. gentleman proceeded to recount the missionary work of the early followers of Christ, and pointed out how St. Paul had gone forth bearing witness for Christ, and preaching the gospel not only to the Jews, but also to the Creeks. ' When our Lord was leaving the earth on His ascension to heaven, He said, "All power iB given unto Me in heaven and in earth. Co ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, baptising them in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Lo, I am with you even unto the end." The preacher said, if the Biblo oon tained no other passage bearing on the subject, there was sufficient in those words to justify the efforts of the Christian Church in its mission work. It was imperative that every Christian should carry out; the order of their Master. They could not all go to China, India, Africa or other parts of the vrorld as missionaries, but they could all assist by their prayers and by monetary assistance in extending the kingdom of God. They were celebrating that afternoon the completion of tho first 100 years of the existence of the London Missionary Society, and tho centenary of that organisation's first step towards missionary work in the South Sea Islands. They stood now at tho end of a century of triumph ; would they go back ? Cer tainly not. They would go on continuing to carry out Christ's Instructions to go into all the world until tho perfect victory was achieved. The world was open, missionaries were ready, tho power of God had never ceased, and it was only the great mass of tho profess ing Christians that was holding back. He ex horted them to givo their prayers, to gi^e of their substance, to give themselves, to help on the great work of the society, and so bear wit ness for their Saviour. In conclusion, the preacher stated that the London Missionary Society was formed in 1795, and exactly 100 years ago, on the 2Sth July, 1796, the first mis sionaries set sail in the Duff for the South Seas, and in ordor to suitably murk aush an important epoch in tho history of that laudable organisa tion it was proposed to try and raise £10,000 i:i tho Australian colonic}. Ho hoped the people of B^ndigo would do thoir share towards achieving that object. During the service tho Congregational choir, under tho conductorahip of Mr. J. E. Andrew, rendered suitable hymns. Miss Ashworth ably presided at the piano. 