FROUDE IN FACE OF DEATH. Among (he reeolleotions of Mr. Fronde, wMoh appear in the January number of tho " Con < temporary Review," the writer, the late Un# Alexander Ireland, relates tho following advon- ture whioh befell Mr. Froude, herself, and some friends when out in a small sailing boat near Mr. Fronde's residence " There was a whistling, keen cry in the wind, and we were hurried along by sheer force of tbe current of air and water. Opening my eyes, I was suddenly awaro of a change in the scone. An ominous blaoknes£ lay on tiie water . immediately around our little boat. The eu C still shone at a distanoe, but we seemed ic . night. The cry of the wind was raised to a wil% . shriek, the water rose tumultuously, the floras gale . came down 'one of those 1 chinos,' as lbs Devonshire folk call them— ono of those narrow clefts between two hills. Tho sky, too, had changed ; tbe sail almost struck the water ; raiu aud sleet foil abundantly. 44 Just beforo this change of weather I had been saying to Mr. Fronde, 4 1 shall never be lieve that I have been here ; it is all like a dream to mo, this experience.' And my oom panion had said; You are like the lady who saw a ghost in her dream and wonld not believe in it. Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black 'mark as a sign P or is thore any other way P' 44 His darkoyes were very close to me, and X added norvooriy, Ob, 1 am only joking.1 i 44 4 Bat.' ho continued, 4 will nothing remain to you of these sights and impressions aftor you ; loaveusP'' 44 4 To mo," I said, 4 all will remain ; but I' - despair of evor convoying any true imprcsBioa -y to another. 44 He made no reply. Tbe 4 squall ' repeated' itsolf furiously, and we shipped a good deal of water, tho sail again dipping terribly. Tho littlo craft could not be righted. Froudo, who still held tho tiller-ropes, said, with what soomcd to me a sardonio smilo, and perfectly: unmoved j . . 44 4 Aro you afraid?' Ho apoko loudly— for tbe roar of the clomonta mado it iteedfiiL 44 1 met his look and aaid quietly, 'Notts' the least !' on which he turned his head fromi me. 44 Tho storm now g raw more violent. Miss< . Froude, who was solf-possosscd, but very pole, said, so as to bo heard t , . 44 4 1 think wo aro in danger, fathor.' To1 which tho reply, given without a tinge of emo tion, was : f - 44 4 Very likely.' 41 It flashed through my mind with tho strango rapidity that is born of such moments/ that a near possibility lay ot hand of our all be ing drowned— since tbe capsizing of a pleasure boat' in deep waters has often led to suoh an -end. 1 saw, in my mind's eye, the submerging of that little unmanageable craft. I thought : Here is Mr. Froude, 70 yoars of age— myself 50 — ho not longing to livo— I not longing to live ; Hitherto I had boen careful nob to touch bim, but with tho violent movement of the boat £ felt an inclination to catch at his arm. but did not. 4 Still,' thought I, 4 if wo drown it will bo together ' ; and conscious myself of entire pbys ioal disability, it might, after all, have been that ; we should have clung together in that supreme moment. It takes mo rooro time to write this than was allowed for the thoughts to flash through my mind. For agaiu Froude's voice . said, oloso to my ear : 44 4 Are you ready ?' 44 And something nervod mo up to add di . tinctly : 44 4 Quite ready. The place ond the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to bo now and hero I' 44 4 Well, said he droamily, 4 if 'tis not now# 'tis yet to eomo ; tho readiness Is all——' 44 And almost as soon as tho words word spoken, the boat righted, tho stress of tho storm abated, and we got under shelter of somo rocks 44 Thou Froude said coldly, 4 Don't trust tc first impressions, Mrs, Ireland 1' And he gav« mo one of his unfavourable, searching looks," 