UVUU , xATO -x iIOMOAL OY ,IE5T [r e- c.m sn.or.a r PrUPWZr WBIXDOM OF TRADE. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1896. THAT there is a breakdown in European concert over the Turkish question few who have followed the course of recent events can doubt. Abdul Hamid has proved once more that he is the most accomplished deplomat in Europe. His policy of masterly inactivity has again prevailed, and European sympathy with the oppressed Eastern Christians has ex pended itself uselessly against the solid wall of Moslem indifference. To play off one power against the other; to gain time until the mutual jealousies of the Powers became paramount, and to foster those jealousies as much as possible has been the policy of the Sultan, and once more it has proved the trump card. Diplomatic pressure, remonstrance, threats, and naval demonstrations have been so much waste labour in attempting to frighten one who knew that however much his mentors might talk they would not dare to act alone, and so far as concert was concerned thi Sultan held the key of the position. The sentiment that has existed for years and that still exists between Great Britain, France, and Russia was such that no genuine compact could be made. They have been and are rivals,whose interests are antagonistic, and who will not agree to any scheme that may tend to the aggrandisement of either. The settle. ment of the Eastern question can be accomplished only by extending the territorial influence of one of the sig natory Powers to the Berlin treaty. The Turk is unwilling if not incapable of solving the problem. His traditions, religion, and environment all render it hopeless to imagine that he will seek his own regeneration or look upon the Christian population of Turkey as any thing but objects to plunder and oppress. The task must be performed by others, and whoever undertakes it must be prepared to occupy and administer the territory in the same manner as Great Britain has done in Egypt. Great Britian, however, does not want the task, nor is it likely that if she did the other Powers would be agreeable, for France at least has never forgiven her ocoupation of Egypt, and her continuance there is a sore point with the Gallic nation. France is not in a position to assume the responsibility, nor is the result of her colonial policy such as would justify entrusting her with the task. Russia, it is said, is also unwilling, but the negative is open to the same construction as that of the proverbial maiden. It has been rumoured that the Sultan is toying with Russia, and that overtures have been made for the Muscovite occupation of Anatolia. How this would suit the policy of Great Britian, or, indeed, that of Turkey, is yet to be seen. Wherever the Russ puts down his foot there he remains, and once he obtained a hold on the Asiatic side of the Bosphorous he would be in a most advan tageous position, covering the route to the holy Mahommedan city, and effectually separating. the European and Asiatic Mahommedans. Fromits geographical position Russia is best fitted to undertake the respon sibility, but the result would be to make her at once a Mediterranean Power. It has been urged that so long as Great Britain held the keys of the Mediter ranean no greatharm wouldcome of such a step. Since the days of Peter the Great the Muscovite has sought an outlet on the seaboard that possesses open water all the year round, and the policy of the British Cabinet has been to thwart the move. It is this that is responsible for the advance towards India, for the present effort to secure a harbour in Corea, and for the dogged manner in which the Russ has kept his eyes constantly turned towards the Golden Horn. Sooner or later the constant pressure in one direction must tell, and it is this that has doubtless intfuenced some in asserting that the simplest way out of the Turkish and many other difficulties is for the lion and .the bear to come to a mutual understanding. Negotiations with the Sultan have reached that point that no further progress can be made without a resort to force, and from the utterances of Lord Salisbury it is evi dent that the British Government is not prepared to out the knot in the Gordian fashion. Great'Britain is one of the Powers concerned in the Berlin treaty, and is loyally prepared to do her part; but if the other Powers who are interested equally with the mother country refuse to co-operate it is not to be supposed that she will act alone. Hitherto she has been the friend of the Turk, and has interposed more than once to save him from destruction. The Queen also is ruler over something like two hundred million Mahommedan subjects, and to coerce Turkey single handed would be quixotic on one hand and doubtful policy on the other. A new turn has been given to the ques tion by the appearance of the United States on the scene as an active sup porter of British policy, and although its moral support may be acceptable the practical advantage to be gained is somewhat problematical. America is not in a position to attord much help, nor is her Government to be relied on, for the party in power to-day will shortly be in a minority, and there is no saying what the next Cabinet may think of the matter. The whole business is as unsatisfac tory as it has ever been, and there are indications that so far as the protesting Powers are concerned Russian wile will prevail against.British finesse. The position is a bitter satire on the civili sation and Christianity of the nine teenth century. Thousands of indi viduals professing the same faith on essential points as Europeans are being massacred with the utmost cruelty, and Christendom literally folds its hands and contents itself with vain diplomacy and useless protests. No modern Peter the Hermit has arisen to raise the nations to a new crusade against the infidel, and unless some such should appear the prospect of help from Europe to the Armenians is visionary. Whatever may ,be Lord Salisbury's successes in other directions the Eastern nut has proved too hard for him to crack. THE de cision given by the Lord Chief Justice of England that the auditors in one of the Balfour banks were respon sible for the sum of £8000 paid in dividends, but not earned as profits, has caused a flutter in the ranks of auditors generally. The broad lines laid down by his Honor on that occasion were that auditors are not servants of the direc tors, but of the shareholders, and that any reports they might furnish should be made to the latter, In his apnuaJ address to the Adelaide Society of Accountants the president, Mr W. S. Douglas, referred again to the general question of auditing, and the necessity there was for the selection or com patent men. In most cases where fraud has occurred it has been undetected by. the. auditors, who, as a rule, .are selected haphazard, and perform their work in' a careless: and superficial manner. Where it comes to a question of concealing defalcations the average auditor has not a ghost of la show with the trained bookkeeper, and security can be obtained only by 'engaging a professional man able to trace every transaction from start to finish. The difficulty, however, is to secure the services of such men and to be able to guarantee their competency. In Scotland there are three societies of actuaries and accountants, namely, at 'Aberdeen, Glasgow, and Edinburgh. These societies have one board of examiners, and those who wish to become members have to serve a term of three years with a member, for which he pays a fee of 100 guineas. The subjects that constitute the final ex amination are Scottish law, the ele ments of actuarial science, elements of political economy, and the general business of accountants. The advan tages gained by becoming a mem ber is that whenever actuaries or auditors are required by local bodies, financial institutions, and the like, they are generally drawn from the ranks of the societies. The work re quired of an auditor is of a responsible and confidential nature, and the fact that any neglect or incompetency on his part renders him liable to be dealt with by the society of which he is a member affords a safeguard to his employers. It has been urged that all auditors should be appointed by the Government, but if the system adopted in Scotland is found to be satisfactory there is no necessity for any State interference. Should such a step as the formation of a society of actuaries be contemplated in Tasmania it will be advisable to avoid the anoma lous position in which the members of a professional body in Melbourne lately found themselves. It was decided there to found a society, and a general meeting was called, at which all present decided to constitute themselves into an organisation. The meeting comprised competent and incompetent men, and new members could only be admitted on the majority vote of the members. Consequently the result was that new-comers of the highest character and ability had to submit themselves and their credentials to men who, from a professional standpoint, were not on the same plane, and were totally un fitted to pronounce an opinion. In forming another organisation, in whickh ability and character were the. chief points, a committee was appointed, consisting of five of the best men pre. sent, to examine and pass members. When a sufficient number had been passed they formed themselves into a society, appointed examiners, and the first committee resigned, and in turn submitted their credentials to the new men. This proved satisfactory, and, although it resulted in one of the first board of examiners being rejected, it ensured efficiency from the start. 