ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. a. The Feast of Pentecost. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated at 11 a.m. The Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Bishop Auxiliary, who acted as celebrant, with the priest assistant (Rev. Father Robinson), the deacon (Rev. Father Walsh), and the sub-deacon (Rev. Father Hayden), entered the sanctuary by the door fronting the arch of the vestry. His Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop entered the church in procession by the middle door ot the eastern transept. Mr. T. M. Slattery and Mr. J. Hughes, Knights of St. Gregory, walked first ; then cross-bearer and acolytes with lighted tapers ; the Cardinal, attended by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, and followed by train bearers ; the Very Rev. Dr. Murphy and the Rev. Father Walsh, of Melbourne (priests assistant at the throne) ; the Diocesan Consultors (Very Rev. Deans Slattery and Healy, Very Rev. Arch-priest Sheehy, Very Rev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., the Very Rev. Father Le Rennetel, S.M.); the Right Rev. Monsignor O'Brien; the students of St. Patrick's College, Manly. As His Eminence entered, the choir began the ' Ecce Sacerdos Magnus,' which was sung while the pro cession passed from the transept into the nave and advanced towards the sanctuary, the scene being very solemn and imposing. Indeed, it is difficult to say whether the gloom of the Cathedral in clouded weather — as to-day — or its comparative brilliancy when the sun is shining forms the more impressive setting for the august and beautiful ceremonies of the Church. On reaching the sanctuary His Eminence took his seat on the throne, the consultors and Monsignor O'Brien taking their places on either side of the sanctuary, with the ecclesiastical students ranged respectively in a second row. The Knights of St. Gregory were allotted seats within the sanctuary rail in front. The Cardinal was preacher. His Eminence, having read the Gospel of the day, delivered a most eloquent, edifying, and instructive sermon on the Divine mission of the Holy Ghost. The coming of the Holy Ghost, he said, in effect, had crowned and perfected the work of the Incar nation. Our Blessed Lord had taken our nature on Him, and walked among us and offered Himself as a holocaust in expiation of our sins, restoring to us the way of our inheritance. He rose triumphant from the tomb that we might share in the blessings of His resurrection. He ascended into Heaven to prepare a place for us. The Holy Ghost descended that He might preserve incorruptible the blessings purchased for us by our Redeemer. It was His special mission to bring those blessings home to our hearts. Our Divine Saviour had cast upon earth afire, and it was the mission of the Holy Ghost to lead us to this furnace of Divine love. It was the mission of the Holy Ghost to impart to us lessons of Heavenly ?wisdom, to enable us to conform our lives to these lessons, and to cultivate in our hearts and keep alive there the flame of Divine charity. Our Blessed Lord was the li^ht of the world. He had said, ' I am the light of the world j he that walketh in Me walketh not in darkness.' In the prophecies of the Old Testament also light had been used as a symbol of Him. ' The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light.' ' The dayspring from on High shall arise.' And so it was throughout the Gospels and the other sacred Scriptures. Our Divine Saviour represented Himself as the true light coming into the world. In the material world many blessings were associated with the light. It was the symbol, of all beauty, and all freshness and health. If we considered the smiling valley, the beauties of nature generally — the abundant harvest, the richness of the fruits, the fragrance of the flowers— we found that all were gathered round the centre of light. Light, then, was the symbol of our Blessed Lord. Let us picture the material world were all the light withdrawn from it. How sad and dreary it would become. All would be chaos and confusion, corruption and decay. So it was, also, in the npiritual world ; There was no beauty when the light had been withdrawn.' Almighty God was light, and in him there »vas no darkness. He created man and placed him in the garden in His own Divine light. But man, through the exercise of his free will, fell — under the temptation oi:1 Satan, and soon stirred up a cloud of darkness and decay. The world, where the spiritual was concerned, became a dreary waste. The great philosophers of Greece and Rome in their doubt and weariness cried out that only a light from Heaven could suffice for them. Our Saviour brought that light and poured it out in His revelation. He brought blessing and imparted it, and made known the divine power of goodness, and how in Him all could find life. In the Saviour's cross we saw endless, infinite, mercy and love manifesting the charity of God towards men. Man's origin Avas hot that of the lilies of the field, or of the beasts. Ho had been made in the likeness of God, and endowed with a supernatural life. The Eternal Father never ceased to lovo His wayward children, The Holy Ghost came to preserve to us incorrupb the gifts that had been bestowed upon us, the treasures of peace without price. Another gift of the Holy Ghost was to impart to us courage and strength to conform ourselves to the sacred lessons of the holy faith. We needed the strength of the Holy Ghost. Our Saviour knew that the enemy would seek to rob us, but the strength of the Holy Ghost would abide in His children. I will ask the Father, he said, to send you another paraclete— another comforter who will abide with you. The Sacred Scriptures of the old law told us of the prophets of whom special duties were required, that the Spirit of God fell upon them and pledged them to the accomplishment of great things. So it had been also with the Apostles. Before the descent of the Holy Ghost they were weak and wavering. When the Holy Ghost had come upon them, in tongues of fire, they went forth fearlessly to proclaim our Blessed Lord. Had we not seen, too, the martyrs of the first centuries how bravely they had dared the per secution, giving glory to God ? We had seen the devoted missionaries, who had faced the barbarian invaders, again encountering persecution, and in our own day we still saw a persecution of Holy Church, martyrs shedding their blood — missionaries going out into Pagan lands. No, thanks be to God, the blessings of the Holy Ghost had never ceased to bo shed abroad. In serving the faith heroic deeds had been accomplished even in our own day. It was the sacred mission of the Holy Ghost to kindle and keex? burning in our hearts the flame of Divine charity. Christ had enjoined us to love one another. He had said to His Apostles, ' this is My precept, that you love one another. A new precept I give you, that ye love one another as I have loved you.' We must especially extend our charity to those who were not of the Catholic fold. It might seem strange to say that we, who were to make use of all our energies in defending the faith, were to lovo those who made war against the faith. But so it was. We saw them endeavouring to malign Holy Church, and to blacken her teaching, sparing no words of prejudice and calumny Avith regard to her. It was only a few weeks ago since a leading bishop in England had said that the Roman Catholic Church set the successor of St. Peter on a parallel with, the Blessed Trinity. The humblest Catholic child could tell the Bishop that the Catholic Church regarded that as blasphemy. Had we not heard them among ourselves asserting that we adored the Blessed Virgin with the adoration due to God alone ? This statement had been, refuted a thousand times, but it was still repeated. It Avas not against the Catholic Church, that they Avere waging Avar, but against a phantom created by thoir own prejudices and calumnies. They Avero, in fact, taking part with us in opposing error, and. wore one with us in. spirit and our brothers in the faith. Therefore tho Sovereign Pontifl: had lately issued his address, his beautiful letter on tho reunion of Christendom, inviting all to open their eyes to tho true teaching of the Church, and to receive and keep it. Our prayers Avero to bo offered, for them that the .Holy Ghost might descend on them find bestow His blessing on each child of Christ. His Eniinonco concluded his sermon Avith a fervent and beautiful prayer to God the Holy Ghost that He would unite all Av.ith.in the one true fold. The music of the Mass Avas Haydn's Imperial, Avhich Avas admirably sung by tho choir — Mrs. Tierney (soprano), M.iss Stafford (contralto), Mr. Bates (tenor), Mr. Clancy (bass). At the offertory a ' Veni Creator Spiritus ' (Neukomm) Avas finely sung by Mr. Clancy. Mr, Del any, organist of tho Cathedral, Avho presided, at his instrument, played as an outgoing voluntary a sonata by Guillemant. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the Aveather there was a large congregation present. His Eminence Cardinal Taschorau, Archbishop of Quebec, celebrated the silver jubilee of his consecra tion on the Feast of St. Joseph. Father Gill, pastor of Notre Driiio do Gran by, Montreal, Canada, has been condemned to prison, for contempt of court because ho refused to disclose the secrets of the confessional. In most civilised coun tries in the Avorld confessional secrets are recognised by laAV as inviolable, just as are the professional secrets of the lawyer and the physician. Soveral test cases have arisen in the United States, in which it has been decided on appeal, that priests are not in contempt of court Avhen they refuse to testify to facts that have come to thoir knowledge only under the seal of confession. But Avhatover may lie tho laAV, the priest is bound to suffer any punishment — even death — rather than betray a penitent who hns opened his conscience to him. In this niattor tho priest has before him tho example of St. John. Nepornucen of Bohemia, who Avas tortured and put to death by the Emperor Woncoslas in 1.38:3 for refusing to reveal to him tho confession of the empress. His hands and feet Avoro tied, and he was thrown from a bridge into tho River Muldaw at Prague. 