After Many Days. \- Wake up ! wake up 1 Oh, for Heaven's sake, Barbara, wake up !' .1 felt someone standing by me. and roughl} shaking me by the arm. I wne wide awake in an instant. The room wne in a blize of light, and the air filled with a suffocating smell of burning. ' Oh, what is the matter?' I cried, rushing to the window. ' Fire ! fire ! fire ! Above the confused hubbub came to me tho hoarse cry, striking a deadly terror to! my heart. With one glance I saw the big crowd gathered on the lawn, and ? Bu'. just then a burst of wind sent a blinding cloud of smoke nnd sparks iu at the window, hiding everything from my view. With smarting eyes nnd burning threat I drew back and hastily began to dress. While Mnrtha helped me on wi'.b my clothes she told me that some of the outhouses had caught fire, and that there was danger of its spreading to the house. Oh, the terror of those moments. None, save those who have experienced a similar alarm, can realise the sense of helplessness and peril. The house was deserted. All the servants but Martha had seized their belongings and flel. We tore through the deserted passages, and, finding tho hall door open, rushed out into the night, joining the crowd of eager watchers. Frightened and confused by the noise and smoke and horrible smell, it seemed ages before we discovered my father. The engines bad just arrived, and as we watched the men at work, my father told me in a . dozen words how it had all hap pened. It appeared that one of the hay stacks had caught fire, and the sparks being carried by the wind had ignited the barn and some of the adjoining outhouses. As the five glowed hotter and hotter, Martha and I drew further back, and somehow became separated from him, The lawn, the trees, and the people's faces were lighted up with a strange, weird effeot; and the sky, reflecting back the lurid glaro of the bursting flames, seemed itself to be on fire. We seemed to have been watching for hourB when, at last, the fire had almost 'burnt itself out, and the fierce glare had given place to an almost inky blaokness of evil- smelling smoke and steam. The danger was said to bo practically over, whon the roof of the barn fell in with a deafening crash. Tho flames allot up again, and a ahower of aparks and cinders waa scattered in all directions. One burn ing ember came quite close to me, and another. 'Oh! look!' I cried, excitedly, pointing in front of me. A tall, square-ahonldered man was stand ing with hia back towards me, aad, witl folded nrms, waa gazing intently at tht scene. He did not know that a spark had fallen on hip shoulder, and, though it al once glanced off again, it had left a tiny red spot on the cloth, which began tr smoulder and smoulder into a dull red ring, growing sieadily wider and wider. Without pausing to think what I was doing. I seized my hankerchief, and, step ping quiokly forward, dabbed it energetic ally once or twice on the burning spot. The man, not knowing what I was about and naturally surprised at my sudden an$ unexpected onslaught, turned eharplj round. ?What the duece — and then he Btopped. As his eyes fell upon me, a curious change catao over his face. ' Great Heaven !' he cried, turning ashy pale, and starting back as if to avoid a blow. ' I beg your pardon.' I said humbly feel ing I had taken an unwasrantable liberty ' It was rude of me not to have told yon first, but your coat was burning, and I wanted to put it out. And— and— lam sorry, but Ij fcCjBid not know you wore sp nervous.' _ ySki In an instant he had regained his aolf ^control, and.at once strove to put me at my ease. Then, for the first time, jl noted ? jj0W handsome he-was, though by no means young, but tall and broud, and of splendid proportions; and with those keen, kind, grey eyes, which always inspire one with coa&depoQt; He thanked mo for what he called my timely aid, and paid it was he who owed! me nil apology for his strange behavior. | 'No ivondor you thought me nervous,' he! laughed. ' But. you are exactly like somo one I knew in the past, years and years ago ; and your suddennnd unexpected appearance, like a littlo white ghost,' ho said with a amile, ' awakened and called to life a host of long crushed and painful recollections, which, until this momont, I had thought dead and buried in my memory.' He gave a sigh, and passed his hand wearily across his forehead. j I felt very sorry for him. How he mustj have loved that girl like me, when he was! young, for the remembrance of her, after! so many years, to so strangely affect him — j this Btroug, masterful man. ' Miss Barbara, master sent me to ask you it you would please see that some refresh ments are provided in the kitchen for all the men who have helped to-night.' .' Yes, Martha ; I will corns at once,' I answered. ' Good-bye,' I soid, turning to my strange friend, and holdiner out my hand, and then added shyly, ' I am very sorry you are so unhappy ; but perhaps it will all come right some day.' ' Good-bye,' he answered simply ; but his warm, strong hand- clasp was moro eloquent than words, and gazing for a moment or two very earnestly into my eyes, ho abruptly turned away. I felt angry with myself, but before lie released my hand I could not prevent a deep blush covering my cheeks, and as I ran across the lawn to the house, a choking son sation rose in my throat, and my eyeB were full of tears. As I reached the hall door, I looked back, and saw him still standing as I left him. It was almost an hour alter this, whon. the fire being at last quite out, and all the people gone, father and I found ourselves, iin the study. With a deep sigh of relief, he leaned back in his arm-ibair, looking: very pale and exhausted. I mixed bim a glass of whisky and water, und as he sipped it, I curled myself up on the great white bearskin rug, and rested my head against his knee. As we sat thus, I was goiug ovor in my mind all tho details of that eventful night. The fire had made such an impression on my brain, such a vivid picture, so awful, and yet so magnificent, that I think to my last day I shall never [forget it. I . Then I closed my eyes, and must have jfalien into a little doze, for father's voice roused me at last with a great atart. ' Come, Barbara, child, we must go to bed !' I sat up, and then we began to talk about the fire. I wanted to know whether it would be a great loss to us, and my father told me we were fully insured, but he though it would cause him a good deal of worry and inconvenience. Poor old father ! What a busy life he led, and how I wished I could help him more in the pariBb. It was only four years since we came to 'Middingstone Rectory, and during that time i father had worked wonders among his little flook. ?Barbara,' said he, as we were going up stairs, ' did you soe a remarkably tall, hand some young man who was helping us to night ? He was not one of our people. Did you notice him ?' And then I told him about the man with tho burnt coat, nnd how I had reminded bim of some one he knew years ago, ' Perhaps he was the new man who had just taken Barton's farm. Hoseemed won derfully strong and masterful, and without his aid I don't know what we should hnve doue before the engines arrived. I was sur prised to see how men obeyed his orders and looked to him for direction.' _ ] ' He oannot be tbe new farmer,' I said decidedly, ' for I am sure he was a gentle man.' ?' Little enthusiast,' said father, laughing, j and pinching my ear. 1 What arts did he employ to make you ao interested in him ? But, sorionsly,' ho added, ' 1 hope I shallj' see him again, to havo an opportunity of j thanking him.' , A month passed by and the excitement 1 caused by the tire had quite cooled down. [ had not seen anything more of my myste- c t'ious friend, and though I sometimes c thought of him at quiet moments, as when jl was arranging flowers for our table, and jfelt I should like to see him again, I had jgiven up all hopes of doing so, and con cluded that he had left the village alto gether. One morning I was up in the lumber room, looking for some chintz. I could not find it anywhere, so called Martha to bring the steps, as it might have been put on the high shelf. After some time I found the parcel, and was just taking it down when another smaller one fell forward and dropped on the floor. There was a little crash, as of (broken glass. I quickly descended tho steps, jand at once undid the parcel, to see what [was in it. I gave a little cry of surprise and (pleasure, and Martha came forward to see what I bad found. I ' Oh, how lovely I' I exclaimed. ' It is a ipity the glass is broken, but the frame is all jright !' I looked at Martha, expecting some ?response. but strange to say, she appeared |very serious, and looked uncomfortable — ;even guilty. . '! ' Oh Miss Barbara, the master will be so 'angry with me !' I put it up there, and Ithought no one would ever set it. And now !!you, miss, of ali people, have gone and found i it. Poor old Martha looked so doleful that I could not help laughing. ! ' Never mind, you dear old tiling,' I said. !' Now just sit down, and tell all about it.' .But Martha did not speak so I began to help jher. j ' Now, first of all, who is this beautiful ?girl ? I asked, looking at the portrait. ' Well, Miss Barbara, I suppose yon will not be happy till you know all' about it, now,' she said remorsefully, 'so perhaps I' had better tell you, or you might go asking the master. ' Yes,' I nodded ; 1 go on.' ' Well miss, its a longish story, and I shall have to go back a long way to make you understand all about it. The substance of what she told me was this : — About seventeen years before, my mother died, and Martha came to live in our family as nursemaid to me, then a tiny baby a few months old. Besides myself, there was only one other daughter, a beautiful girl of eighteen. At that time, my father had a pupil, a young man of nineteen, handsome and clever, and a great favorite with every one, but being a younger son of a very aristocratic, though impoverished family, he was not very well off. This young gentleman i fell in love with my sister, and they became engaged. It was about the time the gold fever was raging, and everybody was going to Aus tralia to make their fortunes, and my sister's fiance, whom Martha called Mr. Rex, was determined to go too. He went, and from time to time my sister got letters from him which were not alwrys very hopeful. He seemed to be disappointed, but said that in time he hoped for better luck. At last, about three years after he had left her, he wrote saying he had made his fortune, ond was coming homo by the next mail. But during lus absence another suitor had offered himself for my sister's hand, and as ho was very rich, she accepted him, un known to my father, and two days before tbe arrival of Mr. Rex she eloped. Father's rago was unbounded when her flight was dis covered, and whon'Mr. Rex returned, happy and eager to claim his bride, he, was obliged ;to tell him the. truth. : Poor Mr. Rex was heartbroken, and after a few days in England returned to Australia and father had never hoard of him since. He had loved him almost as his o\yn son, and directly he had gone back father ordered my sister's portrait to bo taken down from the wall and burned, and ho further forbade her .name to be mentioned again. But Martha, who had received the , order, not liking to burn tho portrait, had , kept it hidden in her possession for years, , and when at last we moved to Middingstohe, j sho hid it away in the lumber room, where I ; found it. i 1 Poor Mr. Rex !' I said, when she had fin- ? ished. ' Hq\v„could sho bo so cruel?1 | I looked again at the pictured face, _ and 28uld scarcely believe' that such loveliness :ould hide so.ljai'd a heart. ] (To BfiWrnraUBD IN SEXT ISSUE.) 