Our Melbourne Letter, Br TOBIAS. If the occupants of the Bench are unable or unwilling to command respect from the solicitors practising before them, tise administration of justice can hardly be respected by those who resort to this medium of settling their disputes. Gaunson, on a recent occasion, when asked by Judge Molesworth in the Licensing Court what he was laughing at, told his honor that he was laughing at his decision. Can any species of insolenco be carried to such intolerance as this ? Can the American back-blocks, vulgarized by removal from the great pulse of civilization, beat Davey Gaunson in the modern Babylon of the Southern world ? We road a few days ago that when the travelled Geake, Daylesford's peccant solicitor, was brought before the judge at Monte Video for the purpose of extra-\ dition, his honor stepped forward and shook the prisoner warmly by the hfl-ijd! While legal bullies are tolerated in our courts, be they Gaunsons or Purvises, the administration of justice bids fair to be brought to the leyel of the reputed character and equivocal dignity of American justice. J admire the drapon;£ severity with which the official mind insists upon mathematical precision. Robert Simeon of Toorak died lately, leaving behind him £182,360 Is Id subject to. probate. The probate on £18:i,360 Is Id (I don't repeat the sum, as the the old woman kept repeating Mesopotamia, for the sake of the pweet and comforting and heavenly sound) at 10 per cent amounts to £18,236 Os 1 3-10d. Though the fraction is considerably less than a hqlf-penuy the Government wouldn't let it go, but charged tuppence. Ah, this is the way to show the world what guardians we have to conserve our financial interests. After screwing £18,236 out of the relatives of the dead squatter, one would have thought tjiat the penny with the decimal 3 might be thrown in, for a half pint, to mellow the grief of his surviving relatives. But no, sir, this .Government is scrupulously exacting in the invests of the community, £ven at the expense of being accused of robbing the dead mau's heirs and assigns of the seven-tenths of & penny. The Benevolent Asylum has been attracting considerable attention of late from capitalists, speculators, and company promoters. The latest is the issue of a prospectus for the formation of a company to explore or exploit, or whatever you may call it, the underground cellars and the very foundations of the building. The Benevolent Asylum is a remarkable place anyway. Every other day some huge spoil or another is unearthed. Yester? <lay it was champagne and bottled beer and Dublin stout and Scotch whiskey by the tun, to-day it is rings and watches and jewellery sufficient to stock a modest pawnbroker's premises. What will to-morrow bring forth ? The thigh-bone pf Sir Charle? Hotham, the elongated sugar-loaf skull of Graham Berry, the octopus skeleton of Duncan's railway systeai, or the broken ribf of J in)my Mirams' umbrella? The place is uncanny. I wouldn't end my days there—riiot for ^,11 the luxuries lavishly provided for the poor, decrepit and friendless old inmates. The ghost of the old burglar, who njade the Asylum in other days the bull's eye from which his depredations radiated, must surely haunt the place after these discoveries. One press-man has already identified more than a dozen of the watches, bought on time-payment, which he left with his uncle one time or another within $he past 210 years ! * * * • * * If I were a dozen years younger there is no feet of the Christian Church that would have such attractions for me as the Free Christains, of whom Pastor Abbott U the inflammatory and burning light. Kissing doesn't go entirely by favor there. All the elders of the church seem to be as stroog in the running as old Abbott himself. The last shepherd, before Pastor Abbott took charge of the sheep and lambs, bolted from England vfith another inan's wife. He said he thought it was his own wife; but this lame pxcuse was too thin even for the freeand-easy going flock of Free Christians Then they took Pastor Abbott to their bosom,* the men figuratively, and the women literally, ^nd he has evidently taken cave that Ihg amorous feature of the new re* ligion should not deteriorate under his spiritual guidance:— Religion, what treasures untold Reside in that, heavenly wqrd! More precious than silver or gold, Or all that this o&rth; can afford I * * * „ * * * The free-pass scandal is again exercising the minds of every member of the community having no immediate or prospective interest in their issue. Though the air is sulphurous with the picturesque language of retrenched civil servants, though the atmosphere is heavily laden with the uncanonical and profane electrical disturbanoe.8 of the income and general taxpayer, who seem to toil only for the reduction of the railway deficit, yet the members of parliament get their undated tickets for indiscriminate use among their families and relations and even friends. They are travelled upon for days and weeks over the length and breadth of the land—sometimes for pleasure, sometimes in the ignoble pursuit of money-making business. And not a word of remonstrance from Mathieson ! Has the recent debate in the Assembly reminded him of the fate of Richard the martyr, and sealed his lips hermetically ? Mathieson thy name is canny ! Who blames you? # * * # * * In these days of general depression, universal retrenchment, and big railway deficits, local police court benches should he more considerate to the poor, who sometimes hunger after an occasional luxury of life. The very poorest man, dowered with an esthetic taste, has an occasional longing for something beyond the bare and common-place necessaries of life. Paul Costello is one of those. Paul is a house and land agent and collects rents. Calling upon one of his clients a few days ago at Brunswick, in pursuance of his weekly duties, he sought a kiss, on failing to secure his rent. Some of your Chiltern men would look with a lenient eye upon such a modest request as this. The lady, a married woman-—to whom this harmless little attention was proffered viewed it seriously—so did the magistrates a few days later, and fined the amorous rentcollector £5. This is monstrous ! Why five years ago, in the very " heat and burden" of the land boom, the tariff was only £5. There are half-a-dozen cases which may be cited, purely from memory, where the butcher, baker, and grocer boys were tempted, and the highest, penalty for the salute never exceeded five quid. The Brunswick old fossils do not seem to take into account the difference in the getting between five pounds now and then. Should I succeed as pastor of the new religion I am about starting, I will not elect Brunswick as the scene ef my ministerial labours. # * * * » * If my letter for the next week or two becomes attenuated, or erratic, or even non est, don't allow your readers to come to ungenerous conclusions as to the effect the festive season may have in contributing, as an element, towards the catastrophe. Let me be frank. I want a holiday, and as I have no resources to enable me to do the West Coast of New Zealand* nor even the beautiful Harbour, I purpose combining pleasure and business. I am going to try the parson dodge for a few weeks. I have just succeeded in getting 3? signatures to a petition vouching for my respectability, so that I may be fully licensed as a fullfledged minister of the "Original Church of Reformed Burglars.'* I have exhausted the Banks of the Yarra, and proceed forthwith to the old boilers on the wharf, where 1 anticipate picking up the supplementary three. Anything pays better than newspaper literature—-even the parson dodge. Successful or otherwise, you will hear from me within a fortnight at any rate. In the meantime, O Reservoir! 