BRIEF NOTES. A magnificent tea meeting, reflect' ing great credit on the ladies of the Wilson street Presbyterian Church, was held in the Brighton Town hall on Tuesday evening. The concert and dance at the East Brighton Public hall, on Monday evening in aid of St Peter's school, proved most successful and enjoyable. The Malvern council consider the local fire station arrangements are totally inadequate and out of propor tion to Malvern's contribution to the board, Invitation performance at Assembly hall, Brighton, by the Criterions shortly--dramna, variety and farce. Plans to be prepared for Iaths at Beaumaris, and estimate of cost, Sincetheestablishmentof the butter factory in Moorabbin continuous applications are made to the Moorab bin council for dairy Licenses--10 granted at last meeting. The Moorabbin council has decided that any purveyor of milk already registered in' another municipality ineed not register in Mooral,bin,L and last Monday acting on this decision r ifund. I two registration fees to d:airyruen ins Dandenong shire. The Moorabbin council has accepted tenders for man, horse, and dray at 7s Gd per day. All the local constables in the Moorabbin shire have been furnished with authority " by 'ie council to prosecute undor the municipal bye laws "' ithout fee or reward." .You can takea horse to the well but you cannot m~ake him drink. Miss MaggiA Moore, the particular favorite of a'l Melbournie theatre. goers, is to appear next week at the Tlhatre'Roypl in the Trilby Bnrles 'lu ,. As Maggie has hosts of warm friends and ;admirers minall pa:rts of this colony her season of four weeks shoald be a booming success.. Every body will want to see the cha mruing chubby Ma'g'e' as Trilby and hear her new songs. She will be suppo,. ted by a powerful and specially selected company, and without doubt the 'season will be .highly popular Maggie is always popular. Good luck to her I We have received a very interest ing, - laughable- and - well written penny story, entitled the " Scrump tious Girl," by Mr Robt. Blachford, editor of the Lendon Clarion. It is a "Sclumptiuus " yarn frum start to finish. A meeting is to be convened vary shortly regarding the holding of a Brighton carnival. Ted Hully and Co., are on the war-path. It is said that the new president ship of Brighton A.N.A., rests bet ween HBlly and Cameron. Fergy's show is shadowy and ghost-like. The fourth saertd reoital in ,onnec. tion with the Brighton Congregation. +l Church take places on 'Thursday, 25th inst. There are two Criterion Dramatic Companies in Brighton now., One is run by Burgers, the heavy tragedian, and the other by Berkley, the blood and.thunder boomer. Ilotelkeeper Evans of Brighton Beach, was yesterday fined £4 4s for exposing for/ sale inferior whisky under the trade niarks of "Walker's" and ' Mitchell's. The Bright n Brass Band netted £3 3s by the recent dramatic outer tainment. Presidlent and Mrs Wood hold a reception ut the Caulfield shire hall ,ioxt Tused.,y , ft-rnoon from 3 to 5. \- The charity ball.to be held in the Caul:eld shire hall shortly promises tobe a big success..::; .The recent, St :Anidrews' i social: at. Caulfieldl' fizzled out in a mlise'rable financial failure. . Cr Riddell says the man who is reponsible for the low.down hand rails at the ramps on Baltelava station is '" ramping" miad.. Cr Riddell is still alive. Cr Griffin and President Wond didn't agree at last meeting of Caul. field council. Wood left the chair, and Griffin said he would never be sent back again. , Grimwood and,. Monagle's store is to be the polling; place in the south vest riding of the Caulfield shire,' The Caulfeld council are threatened' with-a claim for damages in regard to the' deviation of the roadway at the Dandenoug road subway. Grant Bros, coachbuilders, are the complaiunnts. Thle Railway Department won't giye. Or Phillips a clock for the lMuirrumhbeena station. 'It .is proposed, to close tile level ier?asing at Kalubrook road and con ,Lruct a bridge ,over the line at Smith street. ''The Walson street Presbyterian tea ;uo-rting has resulted in a net profit olfCL£25. A feather ii the cap of Mr Grieve, jr., and his co- adjuttors. Contractor OCarnell and one of his driviersnamed HIorrell were'tined 'iis and s .Gd respectively with 10s Gd costs at the Brighton Court yesterday for ubing a horse in'., oairdumfetances Sthat involved cruelty, 