NOTES & COMMENTS. The Conference Now that the Conference is so nearly upon us, and will be in the full tide of business before another issue of this paper ; we take the opportunity of asking for the prayers of the whole church in relation thereto. There will be a large assembly of ministers and laymen in the city, and it is to be hoped that the presence of so many representatives from various parts of the colony will be productive of much good. It is impossible that the Con ference can meet and disperse without more or less affecting the religious life' of the city ; and it is certain that the discussions and decisions of the Confer ence will affect the future developments of our church in this colony ; and that, perhaps in ways ; that we see not at present. We never more needed the guidance of the Holy Spirit than we do now ; for great and grave questions will be discussed, and whatever decisions may be arrived at, will be of such a nature that when ; they subsequently become incorporated in the life of the church they cannot be undone. It is much easier to do than to undo, to make laws then to repeal them. Hence a grave responsibility lies upon us, and we need the sympathy and prayers of our people everywhere. It is a matter of dis The cussion as to the Presi Presidency dency. We understand that the venerable patriarch of Fiji, whom the whole church would delight to honour, and whose experience - and counsels would be of great service in the chair of the Conference, retires from candidature for the Presidency by the advice of his medical counsellors on the ground of physical inability. Necessity knows no law, and we can only express our deep regret that he is ?compelled by sheer'; necessity to take such a course. And in- doing bo we have every reason to believe that we express the regret of the church at large. No man amongBt us is worthy of more hononr than the Rev. Frederic Langham, and the work he has done in Fiji will live long after he and his con temporaries have passed away. With his retirement from candidature, the vote for the Presidency will most probably be a divided one, and though several names are mentioned, it is im possible to forecast the result of the vote. However, a very short time will reveal to us the President for '96, and whoever may be the favoured individual we are quite sure that he will be a man whose services to the church entitle him to this honourable distinction. The Examining Commit Tlie tee sat last week, and its Examining work is always of an Committee, important character. Of the four students who have been in training during the year, two have already been drafted out to fill circuit vacancies. Whether the whole tour will be sent into circuit work by the Conference, will largely depend on the vacancies that require to be filled up. . So far as their studies are con cerned, the whole four passed the ex amination standard. _ An array of no less than seven candidates presented themselves for examination by the com mittee. Of these, two came, from the Sydney districts, and one from each of the following districts, Bathurst, Mait land, Armidale and Goulburn ; and two from Tonga, one of these being a native of that island group. The committee did not see its way to recommend the whole seven for acceptance by the Conference ; but some of them are pretty well certain to pasB, though there is a feeling entertained by certain members of the Conference, that already we are fully, if not in some cases, over-manned. That, however, will be for the Conference to decide, though for our own part we do not entertain gloomy views of the future. Difficul ties we may have, but we are persuaded that God has yet a great work for Methodism to accomplish in this colony. All we want is for ministers and laymen alike to be men full of faith and the Holy Ghost. The New Tear's address A by the President of the New Year's British Conference just to Address hand is a call to all our churches for renewed con secration. At the same time, the whole tone of the address is hopeful and encouraging. British Methodism knows nothing of the grim despair of the pessimist ; for where consecration with its wealth of service comes in, bringing with it entire devotion to God; then we touch the master secret, and reach the open founts of hope and joy. In re lation to the youth of Methodism the President says : — 'Like my prede cessors in office, I have been impressed, with the large proportion of young life in the congregations in all parts of the country. This is a most hopeful fact. If the youth of Methodism is wun for Christ, the immediate and prospective future of Methodism is assured.' And again he says, 'I am increasingly con vinced that the future of our church depends upon the conversion of the young people, and upon their enlistment in Christ's army more than upon any thing else.' This sentiment is not for the British churches alone ; it may be echoed the wide world over. Happily for us in this colony we are paying large attention to the youth of - our church, and it cannot be too frequently insisted upon, that the young men and maidens of Methodism may in their turn render great service to God and His church. We need their help, and we need the stimulus, and enterprise, and buoyant hopefulness which comes from the flowing blood currents of youth, when life is at its best and brightest. As an illustration of faith An we might point to Dr. Illustration Nansen's successful at of tempt to reach the North Faith. Pole. His achievement is one of the events of the century ; he has done what no other man has ever accomplished, and stood where there is no record of any human being having ever stood before. He has outpaced all previous attempts, and made for himself an imperishable name. How did he accomplish this wonderful feat ? By faith ! He had a theory which was based upon observation, viz., that there were great currents running north from Spitzbergen over the crest of the pole to the Open seas of North America. With the flow of these currents the vast ice fields of the polar regions moved. His faith in his theory was so great that he unhesitatingly committed himself to be wedged in these vast ice packs to be borne with them over the polar crest into the open seas beyond, or to perish in their cold embrace, and be seen no more amongst men. His faith was intelligent. He did not commit himself to blind chance ; he had data to work upon. Already he knew that wreckage had been borne over the polar area by these great moving ice fields, and if wreckage, why not living human beings. So he had built for him a special vessel called the Fram, that is, the Forward. He was an experienced arctic navigator, and he took every precaution to insure his personal safety and the safety of his ship. And now the news has been flashed to us that he has made the great discovery that the north pole is land, and from that great lone land he is coming back to civilization in safety and honour, Faith is not mad. When based on intelligence it is noble and heroic. The religious journals both The 0f England and America . shame of are united in their burn Christendom. ing indignation of the horrible atrocities of the Turk. These atrocities are so inhuman and diabolical that they have sent a shudder vibrating through the whole civilized world. The Methodist Epis copial Church of America has large interests at stake, and many American missionaries have been labouring in various parts of the Ottoman Empire. The American churches and people are justly incensed at the apathy of the European Powers and they regard armed intervention for the protection of Armenian Christians as a necessity. A New York paper says : — ?' No wonder that we hear from Constantinople the cry, ' We are ashamed of the nations of Christendom.' The repeated, the con tinued massacres are enough to make heathen Japan intervene, just out of human sympathy. Of course the first duty of intervention and protection rests on the powers which have agreed by treaty to be responsible for the continued, existence of Turkey, and for the defense of its Christian subjects from persecution ; that is, on England, assisted— or hindered — by Russia and the other nations whose councils and armies maintain the ' sacred balance of power.' But they do absolutely nothing. It is the most amazing exhibition of incompetence, inefficiency and iniquity in the history of Europe. We repeat the cry from Constantinople.: We are ashamed of the nations of Christendom.' This shame is pointed at Great Britain especially, and her. apathy at this crisis is regarded by some as being almost criminal. But doubtless there is some thing to be said on the other side. As of late Great Britain has seemed to stand alone against the world. 