|tons sf fletos. Pones Fmrrscnaii ax DiGBr. — When the GovBrnment annoaneed their io- tentinn of closing ifaeiDigbj faiioe Biotion, mast azrenaons efforts were made by the residente SD .snnrinoe toe antborities Hut tbe step would prore riangerouE to tbe in tercuts dpHqierty-faolderetwrilEEanr xfflr- «»pniil»iii) Fqaia auc xeoeitfed from toe powere tool rule in Melbourne to the effect that tlte station had been Jropt open tar a lor® period -and -there had besa so fauaiueae to jpmiffy toe axtatence ol tire qt-Gnn Ttaqr were kind naqngh to aay tfaat we ore a model nomnninity, and toot we need no protection because -there is no crime in nnr midst- It would appear that the Government regard crime very much in toe same -light as thieves and other cul prits do. .They do not regard actual theft ae heing an offence unless there is a cod- taction. Asamatter.af fact, complaints of toemstealing were constant while the CJD stable wastaatianed here, and toeae Jmve, largely ancreeEed einne 3na removnl, audit is nerteSnthat dw-ataalinghas enornumaly SnereftBedin the district, while penplexno- touaHy miw ntber property. Therertienty -of toe oheepuwiieiE waaat length emanated, and public meeting wae sailed tar Hater- day evening laat. Due was well attended and Mr. E. Tonngman in a aery aenable qpeoat. gilaned toe vtoole matter ie- tothiScraent, mgtag toat if some protection were not afforded to landholders it was rmpomihle to eay to what extent the practiec nf apnrapriBting sheep would grow. Several other speakers fol lowed, and at length it wbb unanimously xsEolved tonend a memorial to toe Chief Becretary on the sdlqeot. This seta forth that the landowners, landholders, selectors and zoidents of Digby, Gtasedale and Hocqmr deeire to urge toe necessity for police protection. Sheep ste»Lmg. ir Btataa, m heaKDingan saay aiid profitable pnreuit, through tte Grown lands .being thrown up by toe eetechas, and toe tact toat toe police at Merino and Dramrholme being tin.hle to attend to the Luge districte divided between them. It is pointed cat that the closed Digby Etaimo was the key to toe tareet, and toat it was a eeriona matter towithdraw the officer. The petition will he oigned by toe people throughout toe dis trict, and toenenhuntted to a tueeting -on fep Tlot, lla.w»>i - The Weather. — The dose, muggy days and nighta that have prevailed since Friday last have been marked fay occasional hravy ehowere, which Have been sxneediogly partial in their .favours. -On Sunday and Monday evenings m in foil in manyparte of toe d jstrint, rmd -the immrds vary re a ro- maxkahle degree, tire edges d the showers bring -very plainly imrfciii. At Tjctoria Yaliey nearly on inch tff xaiu was recorded in one downpour,at Balmaral-SS pninta, and at Harrow abonr the same, while at Glen- thornpEon the gutters were rnimrag full, while oat at Cherry Mount tire tall was lighter, and toe .Glaironald gauge showed only 0 points toongh toe shower appeared to take the homestead in its course. Mr. D. M'Pherson informs ns toat on another portion of the eatate there waeatremendnns downpour, and acme dams, in which the sheep had been bugging, were filled by toe surface water whirii -fiowed in. The tall in this iiwhime was brought tm by a tonnderstorm and a jsmarkshle effect was hrnught ahout by the lightning. Noticing smoke rising on a dry plane, Mr. M'Eternon ramdnded toat anne person bad intention ally kindled afire, hnton proceeding to toe ot fie inucd toat a houeyeuokle ,-tree was tanning. The tree had been completely shattered by lightning, Bnfl-while the piaces were Fluttered in all directions, the light ning had sridentiy wet fire to some dry stuff in a hole in toe trunk, and it was ahlaw Fortunately the grass was short and rather sparse at toe place, and toe fire did notget away from the tree. Afterwards, another fire was seen abont a -mile and a half from toe first, and a second tree nf the same kind .as the first was found to have bared a similarfate. A Boer jeboh Grat-Strket. — Two draught horwH abd a large waggon created a sensation at toe lower end of Gray -street yesterday mo ruing. Mr. Krantre, toe owner nf the waegonandfinnwE, had driven inm Mr. X H. Daymondls tonfier yard. He left the fioroes and tbey made for toe street, incnoeiug toeir pace ae they torned to toe left and made for home. The power- fnl animahi ewnngmnnd toe tanner of Cox- street and went at foil gallop down toe hill through the railway gates vmd along the "Baliarat mad. The wagum -olihtivi With toe end iff toe bridge and somepieeeE wete tail behind, hot the horaeB galloped im toe rise and wait on. Meanwhile Mr. Smite jumped into Mr. ll'DongalUe nab and -pnrasd toe -flying 3«ir, Mr. IfliDougall potting an euffiaaut pace to overtake them tm the top of toe hill beyrmd toe bridge. Bwpmdamitoii one of toe horsed ieat no damage was done, and Mr. Hxantze snon had fin; twin mband agten. Baijboeal Itkwf. — Gnr correspon dent writes that several landholders have been vary sncueariol in destroying aabbite with pfimjihorined wheat. Where the poison has heen laid in placoE o verron with rahhite toe pests bavE rilmOBt. dnsppesrad, Which teaaden with the snail of the de- umnpnaingiauiiams.— for Bimday a. heayy tonnderaearm brake over too district, oiri these was abeavy downpour iff rain, 53 points brmg registered in IB murates. There are indmstionE of au oariy break bp «f toe summer, toe rainfall baring been nnnsually heavy since toe hBgtnning nf toe yror. IsBt mnuth toe gauge roistered 1 inch g? pointe, -ami emretoeu we have bod forlher fqlk to. Tfttangatedr CLiuketere mUl flay a match bes sgstast tostaenltasm. BraSSHOIME MwmWNiCB' IwRTt- ; rore- — .Tbe arm roil msntingnf thEmEmbera -of toe iBrarrxholme Meeitaiiios' dnstitnte was laid imst srodt ifwrites nor cor respondent). The tallowing gentlemen were Meetea nfficsbearerefor toosnsnire twfive ammtoBX— Hmdrhsot, Mr. J. Dew; Mioe- BreridenkMr. W. fosgs; Hoa: Treasurer, Mr-MBIfihetoerg reritaeted)3fflm.Seere-' Stary, Mr-F- Hndthtoeedecteaj-lJammiane — Mesars. Wullane, Armstmng, 3nHiB,; Drown ozffi ante. gVw balsnaetoeet AlmwsflilLai.tofiaraBite, mnlnilim, a irilit : fastameedEiCTllfiB Hdimmgfolarward, ware dEtaflSd, toterinsf litpimsibrine— Menarers1 teihRnripfiim.iEM fc-6d; ient diaiaUfor. Fnline<5orn4,daD; dnrerif boil for fiancee,: vnrutinff., wte., A7T7s, and dtavemment; e prictal items id aasad; mnl suirifitirmR tarnewi£7 5e ; ffid; a»nka,iE6ate2a;iiramn59E«o-d wsne, fotL, 3 Bead, tearing AtamOl madit SrianreaffiSSaasSl, which asAhrethediff i "wgrofltnTB. suCTcrtea by toejrahlic, «dthsooafoiiia-i ..rng Bad about 3060 fobmBsfoMBlatilitta? aarraafoasAatomtoTOotmgWltefl-! ifhst ihere are fodyALanembere «T toelln I «tihatan, unt rif tafoai intaxarfon an>lHj itamnraiywsaflierafip. r -1 Ml TfafflHEBitOB Paeihg.— 3t is snff ; MwwrollyAiinwntoattoeyhesphnsBBB sued r iurginartlyformnnngaratb wheatnr jwOaiff j foraadifait ill nil m p il 1 1 1 1 as aa -oaqy vagnms ' ms apost tontatS'aSaigeinoE in- nutooir satnrnyauntey. fo fofanyton stmrned toe harsee. Despite toe nrum actioo -of Bra. fitodart, her burned to some rixtent, as was «%. a, Btodarto toonsers and une of fos Sad toe fire been mariected q few aooger, fato mrat have snffeted but, an at was, toey eacaped with a' taiteraMfi fright, auid wBte able to nruM mj toeir anmreward jmrrney . HaJHGTOK Iff BOH AKICs' lU&ttlQ;, —Tbe urdinary onontiily committee treT fog was field test uveniog, toe Errati-,. Mr. Low, in Mm ffour. A letteraJ read from toe Ararat Admriwgr, ill that toeir charge to the MeriianireM? Stitate WBElOsfid, anuBEthey hadtepilkj 8 the caper at that -prioe for the testteAZ: years tbey thought it strange thatih, cniomittee ehrmlrl now objtct to price. 3be Btawell 'Times stated tw toej- hod always charged half price tn institute. As toe piper -war now pafalitiM -daily he price -won Klin fiitnre he 4i 6d OP, quarter. The Secretary dated that beta: paid both accounts, and this action uu „ proved of- It was fiemaed tc contiZ «lriac the Xbaee at toe new rate, i balance-sheet of ihe Jate concert wG ml mitted to toe meeting, showing « tarih halauoe 'of £6 17b Sd7 Mr. Lowry k- entered torn toe committee tad tssnse to cncgratnlaie themselves -titisaatisfesfanyresnlt. Tbe expenaeehei oeaessarily been heavy, toe tatent -procnrri baring beta of a tagh order. Ibeytad been loyally snpported iy toe Cnounitta ami were especially indebted to Mr. — 1 Mre.Gumrnow, who had eo kindly hfos there to reduce toe -cost, otherwise tiee- -penses wonld have been mnoh heavier, to Melville moved that the report be admitri. -and toat a hearty -vote of thanks te g! veyed to Mr. and Mrs. Gnmmow, ate to Mr. Xnwy -and .the other memfaaeif ' the -sub-committee who had marutei toe -arrangements, tieconded by Mr. nedy and carried with -arwhwnatinu. Hg, firauttal statement showed a oredtt talara of£253Se8d. Accounts amimnting tog le "7d were peroed for payment. 35,. liffimrian repotted baring collected arum, tbe month £32 Uss Sd. He suggasted fed ;tbe amtice board8hould .be altered bom t, afiow toe mow ocnle of charges, fi was derided toat toe board be 9 moved- The varirms antacommittees nea 9H then appointed as -follow :— Boot On- mittes— Mr. Melville to mnjanctioc with ibeexqjfido members. Ftaanoe Connmtte — MessrE. Gray, Joyce and Weetemti. Bnilding -Committee — Mears. Hesn HowelL ond Ingram. Visiting UomndtlK for tbe current -month— Meesre. Onre ste Gray. It was decidta -tbaitoe vaeBncr ,» theGommittee fie filled at mat Mr. Melville stated that toe rules rig institution bad been adopted by tte TruBteee, fori it would now be say to have them advmaea in the Hamilton Spectator and the Go- Kjtuaeat Gazette, As toe .charge farhrv- ingtoem inserted in toe Gosefe wbevbt bi ire weald aaggsri toat toey riumld by -timmgh their member to have it radaeel. fl ft woe resolved to .leave the matter of sd- -vetliring lire ruler in Mr. Melvilte'f hint. Mr. Somedy moved toat toe Finance Com- mittee draw-ops atatemento! reoeipte end expanlitore far toe current Tear and submit it to next meefiar. and aieo a list of all sempital H periodicals rev kept, and thrir una Seconded by Mr. Gummow, and rerrM mmnhnooEly. Il was resolved, on tbe H motion of Mr. Kemreay, eeconded to Mr. H Ingram, tost toe Hook Committee be H antonrisfd .to jnctfisae finote to toe value of £2 during the present month. The M msttpr of foigagmg eomeoiie to »» the H xoamswas referred to the Bnilding Com- mittee, witopower to act. A Coach Acctpffir.— Toe mail B coeafa from MocatUiur, which ie really a H baggy, wsBtacpsired on toe Bysdak side of Monivar no fftaeeday. It is reportedtoat the borssahied at come water near a cnl- vert, and bolftag across toe road reprized H the buggy down an embsnkmeut The H psssengexs, Mr M'Goe, a commeeritl traveller, Mr. L. Melville, nnil an old mm, were -thrown out, fiat all escaped with H nothing wore than a sinking, as did also H the foyer, while toe hnggy was smashed to H JIPfTia. Wl-: wnti Air J IT -RrmTTtmrhn were not riiooiiis,'Zcrtanately came on the toe scene iff torn octoient,and Dr-Hsyee brought toe mails to Hamilton io In I bnffgy- I ChilDREKA Picsxc. — YYheu ibe H Church of Fugland Bonday oriinol pierie wa£ arranged last month it wbe decided thil toe infant classes fihonid .have a sepuxti treat later on. Thtapleaiant innctionwu H held yesterday aTteniuuu in Mr. Bree'e &d-; deck beside BemaUpwhen neerlv serenly H Uttie riuMmn enjoyed a ariightfnl ontine, being carried to and from in wagganflsm by Mr- Sloan and Mr. Frame,' Mr. A Greeds boggy atoi bring extenrini B pfttrtmisedby iutaUnt infante. The site- H noon was filled np merrily with grma, xaces and donkey -rides, Mr. Rzee'e wdl known donkey oo-qperatmg folly with the teachers in the amusing of the yoongEteo. B Ctaitaun. — A match -wns played on B top TTsmilnm O vqly rateulav titemoou be- tween the second eleven of Hamilton snS B toe Bietoyterian team. H. Imrmonlh, B who captaTTTpri Hsmilton, won the tarn from B James Brown, and decided to hat, H. Dae- B tTee andFnlmer opening fo toe howling cl H Kfuman and -Joe Rrown. Falmer « B howled in toe first over, and four other B batBmen were dnmimed before toe sees B reached 20 rails, but H and G. Lesrmonff B became aaEociated,and a .long partnership B ensued, G. Lrnrmimth aventnally heme B naagbttar IB. H. Fmrmonth nartied Mb B Hmt-fny ag, «wl 3uiiimh.» «ln-J far VI A Fiitfainnn.HemienaadaoeHrowii divided B toe wickets. 33te Presbyterians opened B their inning almost as insnepiniouBly ti B Hsmittnu.toree nf toeir bestwitoete going B for lD cms. Then foowntaathers gotto- B gelfipr and 'bit the howling all over tte gromul, xmtil toe captain was caught lor B HI, toe boKfl showing 4 witoris for S3 nms. B JoeDmwn madelD, and the -remainder of B toe team only rantribated -6, toe inningE B rinsing for .60. &. Iidxznamh, Palmer sad B J/Fsttereoufiecnred toe wicketB. In that B BOod wminpi gLmtflbm vnTlf" 66, B Treormotito agun ihatting well tar 23. B Xte Prasbvteriaire fisd fori 4 wickets fur Id when fftiunpe wsre -ihawn.— A matek Will ie played at Dahkeid nn Saturday to- -tweenHacfiltim -and toe local rinh. Xte "Hamilton foam will fie rennstite'ea ra id- H Iowa r— Gavenagh, flamphell, Hunt, W H pan, J. Tretrmroift, Hwnwn. Melville. Mercer, AP-Ewen, MfLeUsn and Smith. -WiiieiguuciBB— Rrilma, Moan and G. leer- month. Tbe second «teren iff Hsmiltae willAngqgeina TrertuhaaamBtSanthHama- tan, toe fonuerlBieam. firing wlireteri frmn H toe follow iug ploy era Uond, Moon, Hud G. Iramumth, Snmer, H. Destiee, H Kri- xtaii, Fainter, J. Robertson, T. BromeU, Aldwinokie,Siitt,Harieivood, Rogers, Dsn- xum-HoaraiudfltanghtoiL !Mab6H5 MaOBE. — Some time ago it woe oomomieed toat toB management ti B State Mmariti ipmvbraal mompeoy firi ' Aeridefl ta visit Hamilton and give tte ' people fiere an ppportuhl- iff once mate foringmts -nf toe most papdUr favourite to the AnstTaliBn -fitftge has e-var known. Tte to dates have now -been fixed, land UiBE iloore to ondfier talented compsny soil appoer in to the Town Hell. on She 39th and 20b in- to stent She will iprraent tost well-knowil to drama, "Struck -Gil," am Madnpariey eveo- tag, whirii will tre foUowed iy an am using atterpiBCB, —The tBiimwB Question." 0s Thnraday nvehiog toe -comedy drama, -Fur-Nine," Will ie Staged. The leading 3afly being as adlever fori riveciouE as ri TntafffaeiribfacaiayaiiticateaiB" iff ipln ii-....mu.|-—Mj a couple ri thamngly -witertaminR taghts iu the hah- Atateatoterarerqpon'Mr. NiamxEt. The - Awammav Elbvek. — The I itaanmm&raenrewiaBe; %y IWbnali for Gari- I ftim?lllBilmiviTinlwp3,Hiiiahl.1,iB .cialznE to to I annlndfidaBtBw'ffvnitreltini Rlnvrn promio- ft finffyitoBB toewankriniBqartilic.-teit his mriiwadlilihstoatilBliitoieriiassn. 3te foatiBatatietoahaiBHao!ioMiind as> ansmherritocSioto Aratralimu Sloven JU miiii>;.. JhteB.w.arii p-ri-rcwM.am in the icrinny,lhpfliilairtttihtne ritther asahowlri tatairistaitai''4tofi4tatamtofowu,intri fiunfoem adorers, SJhwmitlnnn the briwite a snaevereerif TYffor 39taaina> toriaaiOE B aBfidttatt AsfcjnvaBT, Row.Le ft nrosteBtost.'SteBHta foho» ft aata- tttatoecridfluBfiaar.tetemgAlttartiie B tadaffiiasavWagesfaiaSixnDS per aqekat. B "9Bie talritiiin tri tori foam w« fl raaxfotefcw'iaa.ikiiliriii lisHiiir'Y' 9 1 taWnuktiiBtafoiulistaiflaiAapfiSfomnW 1 toneatotohib taaDSY, ft Howlers. As a batsman Lyons is scarcely 7 tbe same street with him, certainly is Kot so good a fieldsman, and none of those elected are more capable of taking com- Enaod of the eleven. Bnt it is to be feared lis claims to be chosen will be ignored. . , E Alleged Fobgebies at Cabtebtok. H_For some time past rnmonrs have been | Errrnt that James Nolan, a grazier on a KmB.U ecsie in the district, bad been guilty K a series of extensive forgerus, and ! natters reached a crisis on Inesdby when a Krarrant on a charge of forgery was issued or his arrest by Mr. Robert C. Miller, J. P., K|n information sworn by Mr. J. Beckett. Bnanager of the local branch of the Colonial Jack (says the Argus correspondent). Kolao who lives at Glen mire, about 15 miles Brom Casterton, had been in tbe habit of Bis counting promissory notes of varying. Bmoonts from £60 to £250 for about 12 noatbs past, lheee promissory notes, up Bo about two months ago, were honoured at Bustority, but a hitch occurred about that line with one of them, and it was then sus- Biected that the bitle, all of which were en- Blorsed by at least two substantial poeple in Bihe district, had the names of the endorsers on Khem forged. There are several of these Sills still current aDd falling due within a nouth or two which bear the names of Beople who repudiate their supposed signa- Bures. Nolan, who lived almost tbe life of B reoluse, recently published a book entitled B Satellite Evolution." Be has not been Seen in the district for some weeks, and was Bast heard of at Mortlake. It is believed bat all the money which he obtained from Bhc forgeries was spent in the publication of Ks book. B Valedictory Social — A number Bi friends of Mr. A. B. Gloster who had re- ided in Hamilton for some time psst as- Brmbled at tbe Grange Hotel on Saturday Bight last to eotertain him at a farewell Social. Mr. R. Murphy took the chair, and Bn proposing the only toast of the evening Beferred in nigh terms of Mr. Gloster and Bristled him all success in his new field of labours. Mr. M'Jutosh as a colleague of Hie guest also spoke to the toast and Mr. Kioster briefly replied. Music and song Erere then enjoyed until half-past eleven Bhen tbe paity broke up with hearty ex- KiessiouE of good will towards their guest Bud hopes for his future prosperity. Tbe olloviug gentlemen contributed to Bhe entertainment of tbe evening : — Blessrs. Destree, T. Kennedy, James Hvataon, J. O'Flaherty, and A B. Gloster.. Bit. Gloster, whose destination is Espcranee Kay, Western Australia, left on Sunday Buorning, setting out on his bicycle for a Bide to Melbourne. By an ingenions con- Brivance he managed to carry a little fox Berrier popularly known as Max on the B>acbtne. The dog was placed in a speci- Hly designed canvas bag, with its head Krotruding, and was then swung to the B&nales.; so that it could be carried or Hlloired to run beside at the will of tbe Hider. I A Letter from Johannesburg. — Hht following letter describing the etete of Kffairs in Johannesburg prior to Dr. Jamc- Hod's march, has been received by a resident Bf Maryborough from a friend in the Trans- Haal " Since last writing you there has ecu s wonderful change in this country. I Hanaot go into details, bnt the principal canse Hf it is this. The Uitlanders — that is, the ew-comera from all parts of the world — are B»w far more numerons tban " the Dntcb Hloers, there being a population of seven ty | Kousand within a radius of ten miles of ohanuesburg. Now, what with tbe duty B> machinery and all mining requisites, dnty food stuffs, poll taxeB and everything ee, we pay nine-tenths of tbe whole of the uvernment revenne. Then there is no heat grown in this part, yet wc bave to B>y ten shillings duty on every hundred mmds of flour, and the same in propoition B> almost every other imported food. The arliament is elected by the burghers, that B the Dutch farmers and landholders, and ,u mast be a resident in tbe coaotry for teen years to entitle' yon to vote. So you Be the English speaking population on the B'Dce PaYs nearly the whole of the revenue, B1 have net a single vote nor represents- ve in Parliament. When petitions arc at roTn here to tbe Government to ask for forms we sre only insulted and told that B we do not like the country we can leave . But things have now come to a crisis, Kid we are all up in open rebellion. For Klly a year back arms and ammunition have Been brought, in here on the quiet in the Kiape of machinery, and hundreds of steam Boilers have been imported etacked full f Bfies of tbe latest pattern, nntil we are fully Ire pa red to defy the Government and en- Krce our demands. Three days ago all the ioe9 6ave oat rifies and ammunition to all Heads, and we marched into town, where we He now abont 25,000 well- armed men, and e drilling every day in different parte of Be "ty- We have a good supply of maxim d msckioe guns. The capitalists, too, vc PDt UP 6ome millions of money for KDses and defence. The national party B nw trying to come to terms with the overnment, and is sitting in Pretoria to- Ly, and Sir Hercules Bobinson will be here B-morrow to try and settle matters without Khting- Later. — Dr. Jameson, the Ad- - Enutrator of Mashonaland, in trying to Bseh Johannesburg with abont 700 men Ha the border, was surrounded by the Bers and taken prisoner yesterday. Nearly H the women and children have left town, Bd those still remaining are collected and Bovided for in large bnildings. The Australian Brigade. — A ihanuesburg paper of January 11th has Be following One of the most prominent forces lately enrolled in Johannesburg, the Australian brigade, whose service is mnflned to assisting in police duties, end in Be general preservation of order and re- Bession of any possible outrage. This migade was formed as a result of the mass eetinc of Australians held at the Goid- fede Hotel, on Saturday week last- and ider the commandant, W. D. Davis, boater fcown as " Karri " Davis, has been most Kciently organised. The total force is over B00 strong, aod is in two divisions, monnted He!> end infantry, most of the latter being Harmed, as more appropriate for pnrely Bhoe duties. The monnted section is as Br as practically in uniform, all the men Bv>ng been served out with tbe regulation Hft felt hat, ehirtB, corduroy jackets, water- Hoof cloaks, and bandoliers. They are Bell mounted, drill well, and present a very nart appearance. This division baa its Headquarters at the Bobinson Mine. Hie ' cud general police division has its hrad- Ktrters at JEgis Buildings, in Fox-street, Btd although without the nniform advan- Bges of the monnted men, presents a smart Hpearance, drills well and bas been of most Material assistance in aiding in the efficient nicing of tbe town. The Fight at Johannesburg. — Standard and Diggers Netrs, a Johan nesburg paper of Jan. I lth, contains abont te dozen pages of interesting matter de- Bnptireof Dr. Jameson's expedition and attendant troubles. The following is tereeting, as showing the mystery which uirounded Jameson's movements and his oject from tbe first " Our represents. >ve pat questions to Bome of Jameson's Wen with the object of aBoertaining from; is informant if he had gathered in bis onversations with Dr. Jameson's men fthat was their opinion of the mission on h'ch they had embarked, and what were B1 circnmBtanoes that bad indeced them enter upon it. They knew nothing «>nt it, was the reply, nntil last. Sunday, . fthen they were called together and told that hey had to go into the Transvaal to fight ome Kafirs. After they had been some fme on tbe road they got an inkling that hey were going to Johannesburg " to help he people there to get the franchise," and hey were told if they conducted themselves rcperly it was very probable they would et a farm each. They were rina .to; mderstand that tbey would be supported M arogersdorp. They were knocked up and eary .having only had six hourr rest Wumg the whole jonroey. Both men and orws were badly In need of water, and the Hffr- provisions the men had were what' obtained at Harris' store. ' Before the f , engagement took piece they had i >> killed and missing -and IS wounded; - :?«« obliged to leave thmr dead, t Ahe wounded they named milt Musni H,® smbnlanoe waggon untflThe'tonles t kn knocked opto traveL T3iEy weren; Wjr of men, and Social at Heywood.— On Tbuirsdajt. A j valedictory social was tendered. to! 'r 0 !eaving fer BiuTabocJ tc' Unii 2S8 district (writee oqr-ooreesppn- Jh6re vras a good attendance and guests enjoyed thvmsdves immmiaely. - Ebi! jI' Mc Holtham jn tbe conrire'pI An, cause of Christianity, sir. took oc- casion to acknowledge all the kiudnesBaud tokens of their appreciation he had received at the hands of the people of Heywood. and he ftu tiler acknowledged the hearty and practical assistanoe of the organist, Miss Jessie Beid and the choir and committee. Refreshments were served and music, song and games were indulged in, after which eveiybody hade Mr. Lee farewell. A Mr. Gnrcey used a a team carriage in Regent's Park in 1827. Apollo tanght the use of dice to Hermes, aod loaded dice have been found ig ancient tombs in Egypt. Nothing new tinder the sen. It has been discovered that tbe tributaries of the St. 'Lawrence in Canada teem with pearl bearing shell?. Fine pearls, however, are very rare. An Armenian nrinceae. now in Vienna, is a duly qualified lady dortor. On returning home she will build a private hospital on her father's estate. Fourpence a head is the price given in Englaud for bumble bees fur exportation to New Zealand, where tbey are used for fertilising red clover. Mr. George Norton, of O.B. flit, South Australia, has lost a lot of sheep which were poisoned through eating phosphoriaed pol lard, laid for rabbits. The Committee -of the Hamilton Racing Club will meet to-morrow night to consider a protest ic connection with the winner of the Pony Race at tbe Foundation Day meet ing. Mr. J. N. M'Artbur has given notice of bis intention to appeal to the V.R.C. against the decision of the Ararat stewards in giving tbe Cap to Artist, after his mare won the race. Asbestos towels are among the'enrioaities of the day. When dirty it is only necessary to throw them into a red-hot fire, and alter a few minutes draw them ont fresh mid clean. In South Australia measures are being taken to enforce the Act against travelling sheep afflicted with tick or lice. In this re spect Sonth Australia is distinctly in advance of Victoria. A toad was discovered at Gateshead em bedded in a bank of rock aod clay at a depth of 9ft. After a few days the toad came to life and motion, and now hops about. Its moutb seems to be quite closed from want of use. Tbe young ladies at a drapery establish ment in London are reported to have formed themselves into an "Anti-Man Society." They profess to have nothing to do with tbe male sex. They give a bail without inviting men. Only _ three tames since whist has been played is it chronicled that the four players have held thirteen cards of the four suits, and recorders say that the adds are 1,000,000,000,000 to 1 against such a thing occurring again. Another silly jokist has been qualifying himself for admission to tbe Yarra Rend Asylum for life by acting the ghost at Rochester. He has been very successful so far, having frightened an old woman to tbe verge of the grave. Rev. John M'Neill, the well-known evangelist, is electrifying Warrnambool audiences. The title of one of his lectures is strikingly comprehensive — "Long odds against betting and gambling ; from pitch and toss to suicide." Patrick Dumford, a cripple, attacked a neighbour named John M'Kenzic, at Por- cim, on Tuesday, with a long-handed shovel. M'Kenzie was knocked dewu with the blow, sustained concussion of tbe brain, and is in a critical condition. We are asked to mention that tbe monthly meeting of the Gleaners' Missionary Union will be held io Christ Church Parish Hall to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. All friends of foreign missions are invited to be present, whether members of the Union or not. A cat belonging to Mrs. Mfloe, of the Tatiara district, has been addicted to the dangerous sport of killing snakes, which are vet y numerons in the vicinity of tbe house. Last week the cat caught a small brown snake and killed it, but 10 hours afterwards the venturesome grimalkin died from snake bite. It transpires that the man M'Cay, who was stabbed to tbe heart in Carlton on Sunday night, was one of a " push " who were no torious for assaulting people who refused to shoot drinks for them. They were engaged in this ruffianly amusement, when a tussle occurred been them and M'Cay seems to bave been -accidentally stabbed. The honorary Bench has been very much before the pnblie of late. At Beaufort the other day Mr. Albert Andrews, J.P., was accused by a defendant of having threatened that nnless the defendant took back a horse purchased by tbe Justice from him, he would make it hot from him when on the Bench. The matter has been referred to the Minis- of justice. Considerable anxiety is felt in tbe Warr nambool district at tbe abseoce from home of Mr. Robert Nicol, a well-known land owner at Grasmere. On Friday evening last he left , his home, carrying a gun and ac companied by a dog. He bas not since been seen, thongh tbe dog returned on Sunday. It is feared that Mr. Nicol has met with an accident. Search parties have been organised, but they have fonnd no trace of the missing man. 