THE TRANSFORMATION OF THE CLERGY. ' Speaker." The clergy are not wliat tliey were ; they have undergone a tolerably thorough transformation. The typical rector of the old High Church school was an easy natured, good-humored person—too social and kindly to busy himself about other men's matters, skilled in the best vintages, and riding well to bounds—but he is now as effete as Squire Western. He belongs to the lights and shadows of other days, aud we think of him tenderly as the fit clerical counterpart of the good old English gentleman. In his place a parson of quite another sort has conie jealous, ubiquitous, busybodyish, with a band in everything, here and everywhere jealous of what be calls the Sects, watch ful of the schools, with the keenest scent for all that promises benefit or threatens injury to the Church. The old clergy were a humorous class, told good stories is tbey loved good wine, and they kuew bow to brighten the dulness of a heavy dinner or a timid tea party, but humor is not the strong point of the new clergy; life is too full of seriousness to allow the dainty art of putting witty thought into lightsome speech to be cultivated—in a word, they are so grimly in earnest that, though they often seem ridiculous, they seldom appear to feel it. These changes lie on the surface, but they are the effects rf currents that run deep underneath. They mean that the clerical role has been changed because the clerical inind has been transformed. In a perfectly novel sense the clergy have become the Church, aud in a degree unknown since the Reformation the Church has its polity shaped and its beiug controlled by the clergy. They liuvo as a result become poteut factors in public affairs; forces that operate in politics, and that politicians must reckon with, though they are so new that their impact has only been felt. There has been no time to calculate the amount of energy stored, or what its expenditure inayportend ; but one thing is certain— it iuvolves the conflict of Liberal prin ciples with what the French call Clerical ism. And Clericalism is a creature of in altogether different order from the Church. The Church is a largo and varied society made up of many minds | md muny ideals, wherein the priesthood if the Christian house plays no incon siderable part; but Clericalism is the fanaticism of a caste whose passiou is power—it is the jealousy of an organised jrder for its interests and of their enemies real or imaginary. The conflict of a nation with a caste may be deadly, but must be sordid, for it is the struggle of a people to escape suffocation at the hands of a power which is all the more earthly that it claims to he the sole, adequate ministry of Heaven. One of the main causes of this transformation is the idea which has been the main factor of the ecclesiastical revival, that of the place and function of the clergy. What has been so incor rectly termed the High Church movement has in reality been less concerned with the Church than with the ministry. It has exalted the ministry at the expense of the Church. It was the exact con trary with the Evangelical revival ; it was religious, not clericnl. It eiuphasised the spiritual and ethical, change of heart , and of mind, the authority of truth, the need of divine action, the impotence of man, the potency of God. The preacher was nothing, the penance and energy of the Holy Ghost were all in all. But now the supreme question is the covenanted rights of the clergy; they are the channels and distributors of grace, neces sary to the efficacy of the Sacraments, the pillars and ground of the Church. The translation of this belief into fact is the Clericalism which aspires to control this life as well as to fix and to anticipate the awards of the life to come. The end of this sort of thing is indeed revtain. There is nothing more characteristic of the English mind than dislike of a hierarchy, and a hierarchy is exactly what the English clergy have become or are becom in"! This is" the feature that makes the situation so full at ouce of promise and of danger. Of promise, for were the trans formation once complete sturdy BngHsu common-sense and resolute English self respect would awaken and assert them selves in away Radical enough to leave , nothing to he desired; of danger, form the process of change we may have some of the liberties filched from us which were won with difficulty, and they will i be lost with bitterness and regained not 1 without labor and sweat and sorrow. 1'or questions that iuvolve divine rights— whether of kings who govern wrongly and yet live to govern, or of clergy who claim to stand in an Apostolic snccession and be Apostles and yet are without Apos tolic inspiration or spirit—have in them an ignoble element ; for they place eminence in office rather than character, in status rather than in ethical quality or moral manhood. They have, therefore/a depressing or lowering effect on the whole idea of life—obscuring the noble, sub ordinating intrinsic excellence to acci dental position or adventitious privilege. And they necessitate a discussion which is near of kin to a personal wrangle, the question whether this tnan has or that man has not the right and title to be held a minister of God. A meaner contro versy, oroncniore morally mischievous for the pi'an who wages it on behalf of him self or his order, it is hardly possible to conceive. And its practical expression is a clergy violfat in public and arbitrary in religious affairs, peadv to drive p, nation whose higher intelligence and finer genius they have not learned to understand or appreciate. Besides this general cause many subsidiary causes have been ut work in the same direction. For ex ample, what was once the main has be come a secondary source of clerical supply. The clergy are not drawn as of old from the gentry or the wealthier classes. The nch vicar is not so common as he once was ; where a living is poor and expensive, it is not so easy as it used to be to find a man whose means enable him to take it. And the need ot the Church has been the opportunity of her humbler sons. Her extraordinary ex pansion at home and abroad has created a demand for men which they have been forward to satisfy, making their way into orders as literates or as non- collegiates. As a consequence the clerical ranks have | not only been enormously enlarged, but enlarged by classes whose claims to con sideration are altogether clerical and in j no respect social. And their uatural tendency is to make the most of their orders, to stand on their dignity of priests rather thun on their prestige as men of family, this has, no doubt helped to weaken the older social feeling of the clergy, and to intensify their feeling as a caste—that is, as a separate order whose distinction lies in their being an order con secrated and apart, and not in their connection with society or the landed interest. But what is most significant in this process of transformation is its effect on the public character and civil action of the clerical body. It is making it, in the very degree that it becomes more intensely sacerdotal, more acutely secular. The more the clergy feel themselves to be the Church, the less spiritual will they become and mix the more in public affairs. The more they con sciously become identical with the great institution they administer the more will they calleuge what seems to offend any one of its interests, even though the very least, and set themselves to defend all its privileges, and enlarge the already wide sphere of its power. This tendency is seen in many things and directions, and has, for the moment, its most conspicuous expression in education. The clerical claim best signifies that the clergy are urging the State to open its purse and allow them to dip theii hands more deeply into it. And this will make them poli ticians in spite of themselves. The party that will deal most liberally with them is the party they will support; the party that sincerely believes that the schools which the people maintain the people ought to coutrol is the party which the clergy will feel bound to oppose. The | old condition of things is being com pletely reversed. From the Act of Uniformity onwards statesmen have tended to use Church and clergy as counters in the game of politics, but now we aie beginning to see the clergy use politicians and parties as means to their sectional ends. The flag is full of danger to the State, for it means the introduction into civil politics of the fiercest, the most consuming, and unreasoning of passions. But it is pregnant with certain disaster to | the Church, for the Church that inextricably bound up with a party may I on occasion rise with it into power, but | will assuredly fall with it from power; [ and while the party may rise from its fall, to the Church that goes down with it there can bo no recovery. And so the issue of the process which we have termed the transformation of the clergy | is this : The attempt of Clericalism to use the State for its own ends will be the recoil of the State from the Church which Clericalism had captured. The victory of the clericals may endure for a moment , but if the history of the past is only a prophecy of the future, the end must he early disaster and final defeat for the cause they so zealously espouse, but contrive so unwisely to promote. 