CUB. BARLOW IN REPLY. At Allora yesterday Mr. Barlow broke the rather long Ministerial silence by replying to the comments of this journal on the Clifton Estate transaction, and to Mr. Powers's Maryborough speech. In regard to the former subject, he was in a happily chosen locality for the delivery of his answer. , He unburdened his indignant soul in the benefited district. So his bold eloquence was punctuated with applause. The chairman introduced him with eulogy. No previous Minister, he said, had attempted to do his duty as Mr. Barlow had done it. The farmers of that district had gone to him, and asked him to give them on the Clifton lands the advantages which would be enjoyed elsewhere. Mr. Barlow had listened to them, and carried the scheme through in a perfectly legal manner. Could, we may 'inquire, an admission of the illegality of the scheme 'be expected from the human nature which had immediately profited by it Mr. Barlow himself said' he did not think that in any one particular point had the law been stretched or transgressed. Well, let us see. Our contention is that the whole transaction is broadly and grossly illegal, if a transac- tion Is illegal that was never intended or contemplated by the Act which is put forward as its authorisation. All the other reported transactions are clearly within its intention and provisions. This one is essentially different in principle. Mr. Barlow referred to Mr. Nelson, and perhaps we cannot do better than to follow the example. In the course of the second reading the Agricultural Lands Purchase Bill, Mr. Nelson said The only reason for introducing this bill at all is that there has been an expression of public opinion going about for years back with regard to the re acquiring of large estates, or what are called large estates, on the Darling Downs, and in a few other parts of the colony. It has been held that these lands could be very much better utilised for the public benefit if the Crown were to reacquire them and then use them for purposes of settlement by dividing them up into small areas. The whole intention of this bill is to see whether such scheme can be made practicable whether we can by any reasonable means any means which would be justifiable in the interests of the colony reacquire those estates and convert them into small agricultural farms for bona-fide settlement. Here the Premier gives us " the only reason for Introducing the measure, and " the whole intention of it. There is not in Mr. Nelson's definition, which is characteristically lucid and concise, the most shadowy or remote reference to or hint of such a transaction as that of the Clifton Estate. If any of our readers will take the trouble to go through the "Hansard" reports of the several de- bales on the measure they will find that such a transaction was simply not in the mind of the Government or of either House of Parliament. We venture with great respect to call Mr. Barlow's attention to the speech in which the Secretary for Lands moved the second reading of the hill. It was that intelligent gentleman's obligation to know the measure, and to impress his knowledge on the House. The man did not exist on the face of the earth that evening who could have enlightened him as to the intention and scope of the bill. And yet Mr. Barlow will now search the Secretary for Lands' speech in vain for anything which could be interpreted or stretched rule contemplation of Clifton transactions. And while we are referring to the Secretary for Lands, we may again ask Mr. Barlow and our readers generally to ponder what that Minister said when the prlortty-of-seleetlon amendment was before the Assembly last session. We quoted it the other day, but it is so precious and pertinent that it will bear another reprint The Secretary for Lands said if a large estate fell into the hands of a mortgagee, who sold it to the Government, there might be one or two persons who had holdings on that estate ; they might be tenants under a weekly tenancy or verbal agreement. The amendment was only to give those persons a prior right to selection instead of turning them out of their homes. Further, we may ask whether, if Clifton transactions were in the Secretary for Lands' mind when he instructed the draftsman, he was not amazed when he got the bill ? Would any lawyer outside a lunatic asylum have drafted the bill in the form in which the Secretary for Lands introduced it into Parliament if the intention was, to use some of Mr. Allan's indiscreet words yesterday, to relieve farmers by lessening burdens resting on their shoulders in respect to heavy mortgages and interest charges ? Would a Parliament which was not a lunatic asylum have passed the measure in the form in which we now find it in the Statute-book, if it was really intended to be a cheap money hill of the extremest character ? Yesterday was evidently, as Mr. Groom remarked (perhaps with a touch of envy in his voice an electioneering meeting. But will Mr. Barlow, in some moment when he feels that the " heat wave" of election excitement is not confusing his judgment, do himself the honour and justice of interviewing the Secretary for Lands who in 1894 piloted the Lands Purchase Act through the Assembly The Secretary for Lands will have immeasurable pleasure in bringing before Mr. Barlow a most convincing argumentation convincing to Mr. Barlow, we dare to say, than to any or all of the other seventy-one members of the House-to prove that Clifton transactions were never contemplated by the authors of the measure. This is the argument The Labour party voted against the bill on the second reading, and afterwards stonewalled It In Committee ! The division list on the second reading gives 13 noes : Messrs. Cross, Glassey, McDonald, Dunsford, Reid, Rawlings, Turley, Jackson, Ogden, Dawson, Drake, Browne, Fisher, Kerr, and Curtis. Messrs. King, Hardacre, and Towers were amongst the members who passed against the bill. The Secretary for Lands was the unyielding opponent of the Labour members and their politics ; yet he wanted to get his measure through ; he wished to see the Darling Downs in the hands of a prosperous yeomanry ; he knew that he could disarm the hostility of the Opposition and the Labour party by " letting on to them-a few conversationally spoken sentences would have done it that his bill was not, as they ignorantly feared and said, one for the relief of certain capitalists, but one for taking over and rearranging on long and easy terms the liabilities of Impecunious farmers. How the Opposition and Labour party would have jumped at the chance of assisting to passed a bill intended to do what Mr. Barlow is now doing 'With it! What joy in their camp over the unexpected appearance of so magnificent an instalment of Socialism in our time ! How they would have hastened to amend the bill it would have needed a new lock, stock, and barrel so as to insure its covering the announced purpose ! But, as Mr. Barlow knows, the Secretary for Lands would have given up his political ghost, and any other ghost he was possessed of, on the floor of the House rather than make any such concession to the men whose politics would in the course of time impoverish the national character. Imagine the feelings to-day of the men who voted against the bill in 1891 ! Not a cheap money measure has been passed or attempted to be passed in the other colonies which goes so far as Mr. Barlow's administration of the Lands Purchase Act. Not one of them has such marvellous possibilities of logical expansion as the principle of the Clifton transaction. Seddon and Kingston are babies in benevolence as compared with Barlow. And his tem- per is so broad and his defensive armour so weak over it all ! Call him a Socialist, if you like ; he himself calls It co-operative Socialism ; but he is willing to bear the reproach, and is prepared to deliver another community of farmers from their monetary troubles to-morrow. He has all the simple pat- ter about farmers on the soil being as deserving of consideration as intending settlers at easy command. The alternative, he says, is eviction. Alas, evic- tion is and always has been and always will be one of the common misfortunes. When Mr. Barlow was a banker, did he never foreclose ? Is not eviction in its protest forms going on in all the industries ? It would be blissful of course if 'the State could help every distressed person, but then the State is only the aggregate of individuals, each of whom has his own burden. Perhaps after all the Clifton transac- tion is lighted up by the Allora gentleman who, in complimenting Mr. Allan, spoke of the ability with which that quiet politician could-work the Government ! 