Anglican Church of All Saints, Bundanba. -(o) LAYING THE FOUNDATION-BLOCK. ADDRESS BY THE BISHOP. The ceremony of thelaying of the foundation block of the Anglican Church of All Saints' Bundanba, was performed yesterday afternoon. The site of the proposed structure is on a piece of land kindly granted to the Church authori ties by Miss Ferrett and Mr. Harry Ferrett. It is admirably situated for such a purpose. There was a large gathering, among those present besides adherents of the Bundanba Church, being a great many of the parishion. ere of St. Paul's, the array of vehicles in which they had arrived being quite imposing. The ceremony, which was of an impressvre character was begun about half-past 5 o'clock. A procession marched in the follow ing order, from Mr. James Stafford's dwelling to where the block was in readiness, singing the introductory part of the service as they went:-St. Paul's Church Choir (under the conductorship of Mr. G. B. Gill), St. Paul's parochial council (Messrs. H. T. Macfarlane, and James Ball, churchwardens, and P. L. Cardew, Reuben Worley, J. R. Atkinson, A. W. Darvall, Harry Ferrett, F. Goleby, and C. A H. Watson), the parochial council of the Bundanba Church (Messrs. J. P. Bottomley, G. Linley, James Stafford, J. Smith, J. Richards, and W. Steel), and the clergy-Dr. Webber (Lord Bishop of the diocese), the Rev. A. R. Bartlett, M.A. (rector of St. Paul's), and the Rev. H. E. Whittington (curate of St. Paul's). The Rev. A. Davies, of St. Thomas's, North Ipswich, was in attendance also. Among those present were noticed Mr. E. W. Hargreaves (Chairman of the Bundanba Divisional Board), Mr. W. Stafford (member of that body), Mr. Joseph Stafford (member of the PurgaDivisionalBoard), Mr. E. Lloyd-Owen, and a large contingent of ladies. Apologies for absenceweresent by Messrs. J. Wilkinson and J. C. Cribb, MM.L.A., and Mr. Mr. John Tobin, of the Bunbanba Board. The preliminary portion of the service was con. ducted by Mr. Bartlett, Mr. Whittington road the lesson from Ezra iii., 10-12. All necessary preparations had been made for laying the block by the contractors, Messrs. Worley and Whitehead, and in performing the ceremony the Bishop repeated the words " In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." He used an ornate mallet, made of fine polished velvet box-wood, the gift of Mr. E. Wright, of Woodend; which was mounted with silver hoops made by Mr. W. T. Pratt, of Brisbane-street. The instrument was handed to Dr. Webber by Mr. Macfarlane as he advanced to the block. After laying the block satisfactorily, his LoansHrP said: My dear brethren we have just been uttering the words, "Other founda tion can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." These, he said, carried them back to the root of the matter. If we were putting up a building, it was of the first importance that the foundation should be well and securely laid; otherwise, when we had spent all our trouble and all our time upon an elaborate superstructure some settlement would promptly reveal that there was lacking that prlinarycondition of a sure and true foundation, and we should find that all our labour and expenditure had been in vain. Was not that a real parable of human life. Did it not tell us we were building up in ourselves as individuals a character, and in the nation at large to which we belonged a character upon which would depend hereafter that nation's weal? When out future 'eas a memory, and our days days of old, the character of those who ruled the nations would be in no small way influenced by the work of those who were now. We were trying to do in this land what the same old Church did in the mother country many years ago. What the old Church did in the old country, we, her children, were striving to do here. Progress was the note of the day. Yet that progress was only to be found in any measures worthy of the name in those coun tries of the world and among those people that were distinctly Christian. If one took the other great religions of the world, and com pared what might be called religion there with what was real progress as we understood it, they would see that that only belonged of right to those nations that were built upon the Christian faith. Though it might be said that only a small proportion of those nations was affected with the doctrine, his reply was that, although numbers might not attend places of worship, and profess the doctrine in theological terms, yet we would make a great mistake if we tried to limit its effects merely to those who were prepared to express their belief. There was a very great dealof whathe ventured to call uneon scious Christianity. Take our very laws; see how much Christianity was breathed through these laws. Therefore they might fairly look upon a nation thus affected as a Christian nation ; and it was these nations who professed as their religion the faith of Christ in which was this note of human progress. And this was no small evidence of that revelation in which we compass our faith. This was the meaning of our act--it was a meaning symmetrical in character-we are striving to build up in the hIomes and minds of our people that revelation of tlhe knowledge of God in thie faith of Jesus Christ ; it was the sourceof all true human life, all true human work, now and at all times. That was the meaning of their act that day. As a Church they had a very great work in front of them. If they were to be worthy sons and daughters of the old Church in the old land they had a great deal of lee-way more to make up. They must be banded together with one heart and one soul, and he determined that we would each do our portion of this work. One particular point to which he wished to allude was the question of the educa tion of the young. He hoped to see in the State schools of the colony that simple elementary teaching of lessons and life in the Bible which *was given in nearly every elementary school almost throughout the length and breadth of the old country, and in Germany too. Why every religious country should not have arrived at that point-certainly it was recognised by the nations of the old world-was exceeding difficult to understand. He hoped we might be awakened before we had gone too far in the matter.' What was to pre vent us in this land from having the same simple Bible teaching as in the old country? This was a question which all ought to bear in mind in connection with those words-" Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." Let them each do what they could both in endeavouring to con firm public opinion on these questions, and also, as members of the Church, striving each one to do their utmost to promote this. An invitotion was then given to those present to lay their offerings on the black, and this was so liberally responded to that the sum of about £10 was received. The hymn "The Churches' one Foundation" was then heartily sung, and an appropriate prayer terminated the proceed ings. The clergy and most of the visitors were then hospitably entertained at Mr. James Stafford's, where light refreshments in abundance were kindly provided. Bishop Webber afterwards returned by train to Brisbane. The Church is to be erected on similar lines to the Lowood Anglican Church. It will be composed of weather-boards outside and lined inside. The height from roof to ridge is about 25ft., and the inside measurements--vestry, lift. by 8ft. Gin.; chancel, 15ft. by Oft.; nave, 29ft. Sin. by 24ft. Gin.; with octagon baptistry Oft. by 5ft. It will be capable of seating, when finished, 106 persons. The work is in the hands of Messrs. Worley and Whitehead, whose contract price we hear was £250 odd. 