, THE. WEEK. LACKING in a senao of liumor itself, Con servatism is apt to impute a Bimilar failure of . appreciation to those. whom it is trying to convince. Either this or1 tho poor compliment is paid to farming intelligence that itiscapablo of being . ogrcgiously deceived nnd frightened by tho ancient.' device of nn artifici ally manufactured apparition. Tho Trades nail bogey is nothing moro than an oratorical reproduction of tho familiar ghost mada out of n vvhito sheet and a scooped turnip. The method of argument does not commend itself to sensible minds. Yot the members of tho Opposi tion, if not eonvinocd thomsolves by tho illusion, evidently nro of opinion that it will powerfully affect tlioso ' whom they aro striving to bring, into thoir fold. Dread of Trados Hall domina tion recurs with .woariaonio iteration in thoir every utterance. Tlioy do not venturo to con demn Ministerial proposals on their merits, but tboy raise unceasingly tho parrot cry that in all their actions tho Ministry is directed by Trades Hall influence. Tho originators of thoso tactios- underrate) tho capacity of tho farmer to seo through a contemptible device of this laud. Tho Tatura farmers wore quick to appreciate tho lntntoring observations of the Minister of Minos when he told them they woro supposed to boliove that tho Ministry was under Trades Hall influence) when it passed tlio Seed Wheat Bill, tho Wire Notting Bill and tho now Malice Aot; that it was the Trades Hall who: secured onormous reduction in freights on agri cultural produce, who gavo tlio. now agricultural bonuses nnd who stopped gristing in bend. The Conservative dqsiro to place country and town in antagonism is not likely to succeed. NOT the least potent olaim to farming support which Ministers can prosont is tho fulfilment of their promiso to bring forward a cheap -money scheme. Somo irritation, not unnaturally, has arisen over tho delay 111 pro ducing their proposals. But. the Government lias an extensive, programmo to covor, and somo discretion muBt reasonably bo allowed to the Premior In determining, the order of business. If both Houses of tho Legislature aro in enrnost iu their desire to relievo tho preSBuro of agricul tural difficulties tlioro will bo opportunity during tho current session to establish the system under forco of law. Iii bringing to tho aid of tho struggling scleotor tho assistanoo of State credit, tho Government has gone as far in tho diroction of liberality as the conditions of saourity will permit. Under the torms of tho scheme it will bo poBsiblo for a farmor to bor row, with a limit to £2000, up to tho value of two-thirds of his holding. Tho rato of interest charged will not bo moro than 4 .J per cent. unlosB ho falls into arrears, and this will covor tho minimum rate of repayment, though ho may, if ho so desire, pay off tlio loan in largor instalments. Practically it would appear tliut tlio offer is to lend tlio money nt 34 per cent., with tho proviso that nt least a 1 por cent, additional must bo paid to covor tlio automatic process of wiping out tho prin- cipal. These,, conditions aro vory much better than can , bo- -obtained from private londcrs, oven with monoy at existing rates. No private institution would think of lending for 39 or 40 years 011 those terms. Besides obtaining security of tenure borrowors will gain between 2 and 3 per cont. OPPOSITION to the measure will- princi pally concentrate, itsolf on tlio Govern-' ment proposal forn State bank. Tliacourso of oritioism followed is .rising mainly founded on misrepresentation of ' its objects. There is nothing'" in tho schema which will bring it into nctivo competition with existing private institutions. ..No proposal is made that tlio Stato bank shall .outer tlio domain of ordinary- banking business beyond receiving private current nccoUnts for tho purposes' of safety. When tho reconstruction ordeal was being -passed through, great injury was inflicted upon large numborsof people by tho locking'up of the money thoy 'bad placed in the hands' of tlio banks. " TI10 utoppago of those current accounts paralysed trado and added greatly tu tho distress and misery. Mr. Turner proposes as a remedy that tlio Stato Bunk should hold such current aocouiits ns thoso and prevent a recurrence of past difficulties, but it is not suggested that the State shall undertake to give ordinary banking accommodation. Tlio chief, purposo of the hank will'bb to transact .G'ovbnimont business and to control the noto issuo, which tho State will tako into its own hnnds. Tho inliorent right of tlio Stato to control its own paper currency' is as undoubted as the right of coinage. Tho highest finanoial authorities are agreed upon this point, and no injustice is done to the batiks if the State sees fit to roaffirm its right of exclusive oontrol. Tho protestations against' -tlio danger of an unlimited issue of papor currency are made either deceptively or in ignorance of the provisions in' tho hill which provide for the convertibility of State notes into gold at the will of the holdor. COMPANY legislation is not to be absolutely shelved by tho procmstinnting notion of tho Legislative Council. The measure wliieli wan sent forward several weeks ago from tho Lowor Houso nnd temporarily suspended whilo a select committee was entrusted with the duty of pulling it to picacs is to.shortly reappear 011 tho notico paper. Evidence was carefully oollected from all those who were likely to be opposed to tlio stringent provisions of tho bill, and it was assumed that if tho measure survived the ordeal, all tho reforming . principle would bo entirely eliminated. The scicot committee has con cluded its labors, and we are informed, strange to say, that there will bo no striking departure from tho original provisions. If this assertion ho accurate, it affords a curious commentary upon the hysterical assertion with whioh the bill was greeted. Ministers were accused of a determination to wreck all sound commercial institutions remainingaf tcr tho boom collapse, and tho community was solemnly warned of the danger which must result from seeking to place any restraint upon the discretion of directors. An apology is duo to Ministers for these slanderous insinuations, now openly acknow ledged to be unfounded; It-is noticeable, how ever, that nil tho ' recommendations of tlio select committee are in tho direction of relaxing the stringency of control The right of demand ing a special audit is limited to shareholders only, and the number who can claim this right is raised from .onc-twontictli to one- tenth. The responsibility 'of directors is also lightened. Still the changes suggested are not of so drastic n character as to defeat tho. original intentions of tho bill. SOME little difficulty jias been oxpoiicncod in bringing into operation the now prin ciple of a general half holiday. Tlio desire has boon that tlio trades Bliould determine for thom solves tlio time most suitable for making this concession. There is no wish to intoi fore arbi trarily with motliods of business, but unless tho powor were given to a majority tu dccido tho rule for h trade tlioro would bo no chanco of ooining to any univorsal arrangement. 'Con siderable diversity of opinion exists as to whether Wednesday or Saturday is the most convenient day for closing. Tho interests of employes will undoubtedly ba host consulted by choosing tlio day generally dovotcd to purposes of recreation; and tho largo shopkocpors ore willing to- fall iii with this idea. But with the Bmallor shops Saturday is tho busiest tiino in the week, mid tho fear is expressed that tho olmngo will ontail a greater sacrifico than they will- bo able: to boar. Upon this point thoir representations are entitled to attentive hear ing. The Government,- liowovor, has loft it to the trados to say wliieh day it shall bo. In the petitions already sent in tlio majority lias been in favor of Saturday ; but the hitch which has arisen over the classification of trades will necessitate another appeal being made to the trading con stituency. It is proposed to extend the list of exemptions under the fourth sclicdulo. covoring trados which, from motives of publio con venience, need not como under thogonoral rule. These will be allowed to fix their own time, hut tho'i'ulo of thetrndo will lie the law for tho whole, Butchers, bakers, barbers, florists, undortakors, ho., may fix on Wednesday or .any otlior day if thoy -choose, but wkatoyqrl-tke day selectcdby tbo majority 111 any ono of these trades must bo observed by tlio dissenting shopkeepers' in that trade. Excluding those exemptions, all other shops will he invited again to make known thoir wishes on tlio data for a general half holiday, and tho view of the majority will settle tlio lnattor. RAILWAY employes ought to bo graceful for ,tlio endeavor which, is being made to removo somo of tho anomalies whioh havo caused discontent nnd dissatisfaction In tlio scrvico. Tho scheme of reclassification pro- pared by tho commissioner having received tho formal approval of tho Cabiuot, will now como into operation. All increased expenditure of £22,000 a year will be involvod by the changes, but tliis price will not bo considered too large for remedying an injustice and promoting the efficiency of tho department. Under the new system tho importance of the work will be re cognised in the remuneration, and there will bo no longer cause for complaint tliat officials aro receiving higher salaries for clerical work than are tiioao:wlioso duties entail pci'sonahrosponsi- bility. All who are in rooeipt of less than £330 por annum will participate in the increment, tlio major portion falling to .those who bavo under £100. Retrospective effect will bo given ui the caso of those .who receive less than £100, but in other .instances tho scheme will uot como into foroo until the beginning of tho now year. The extra pay will be awaidod as a tost of morit, being given only where it is deserved. It is hoped that the increased expenditure under one plan of reform. will bo -covered by additional receipts under another. A now classification of .goods freights lias bocu- introduced, and though the' coal rates are not to be altered, in compli ance with a Ministerial pledge, it is oxpected that some advantage to the rovenuo will bo gained. Mil. FOSTER is entitled to credit as a "livo " Minister of Mines, Ho is not to be included among tho fossils of tho depart ment. His administration has been oncrgotic and vigorous, and though Mr. Outtrim may bo inclined to quote tho saying that there were brave men before Agamemnon, bo has to fall back for Bupport on tlio approving record of his own conscience. For tho timo being Mr. Foster fills tho bill. If he is modcBtly silont on his own.mcrits, there are others who ore prepared to loudly blow the trumpet of praise on his behalf. There is 110. doubt, however, that mining- is " booming," and though tho heave upwards -does not come entirely from the sturdy shoulders of tho Minister, ho may cdaim that under his direction departmental apathy, no longer liaugs as a dead weight upon progress. Tho amendment of tho mining ' law whjch he has , introduced will remove many of the hindrances to enterprise.. Legitimate invest ment will he oncouragcd, while a check will bo placed on tho wily, tactics of speculators who desire to benefit by other men's labors. Iu tlio prevention of shepherding, however, the Minister will have to go furtlior than he at present proposes, and protect the miner against tho selfish monopoly which is permittod under the amalgamation of mining leases. The prohibition of blackmailing royalty, and the .adoption of a fairer system of tributing are proposals which will moot with general approval from thoso who aro concerned in tlio development of the milling industry. From old associations, Mr. FoBtor has a sneaking kindness for mining boards, but those bodies havo outlived their usefulness, nnd the measure will gain in vnlue if tho provisions for extending their powers he summarily rejected. The Ministry is saddened liy the extraordinary con trast between the favor accorded to AVcst Aus tralia by British capitalists and the small notice takon of V-ictorinii mining. Perhaps iu tho long run wo shall not bo tho poorer by escaping this speculative deluge. "TVTOAVHERE is gi-oator promiso of revival -L x shown than in tho mining industry. The yiold of gold is increasing, investors nro ,rc". ceiving a larger return in dividends, and despite the exodus westwards the number .of men engaged in mining for gold in Yiotorin ismore than it was a year ago. The. most encouraging sign, however, lies in the prospects of this future. Not only on established gold fiolds such as Bcudigo and Ballarat, but ill the way of new j discoveries, is tlio outlook iiivitjng. Not a week - passes with out tlio announcement of "new finds to re ward the enterprise of prospectors. In Gipps- land and tho mountainous districts of tlio 1101th- oast tliore are virgin opportunities which are gradually being unfolded. It is not liocossary to go to West Australia to sock the gifts of for- tuno when a dip into lier lucky bag reveals sueli prizes as Eskdalc has presented, with SO oz. of gold to 1 ton of stone, or a yiold of 300 oz. from 4)4 tons. Iu tho' nine months of tho ourrent year tlio Victorian gold yield has rcaohed uoarly 000,000 oz., an increase over tho same period last year of 31,000 oz. Gippsland lilts now taken third place in the list of gold producing, dis tricts, and her movement upwards is likely'to continue as the promising Holds rcocntly opened aro moro vigorously developod. Tho alterations in- mining law embodied in Minis terial proposals will stimulat'o enterprise by re moving some of tho difficulties whioh nt present harass progress. Tlio Legislature can show tlio sincerity of ita desire to aid tlio minor by assist ing this effort. THE importance of our jrainoral resources Ib forcibly displayed in Borne statistics which 3Ir. Goghlnn has given of the total pro duction of. the seven colonios to tlio ond of 1895. Tho Australasian reoord oovors a total of £489,000,000. -These' are big figures. Viotoria takon first rank among producors, her share amounting to ono lialf, while tlio ' other colonies fall from Now South AValos with less than ono- fourth to AVost Australia with only £3,500,000. Thosoresvilts, howover, nro more' illustrative 'of tho past than of the present. Victoria's title to supremacy in mineral woaltli cannot bo dis puted if wo caver a long period, but the point of more urgent importance is the position in -wliieh wo 'now stand. Ingold production we still .hold tho lead; but by the aid of silver and ooal- New' South AValos is aooorded preoadenoe. - Tho valuo of . mineral produotiou in 1895 is set forth by Sir. Ooghlnri as follows Gold, £8,870,000 'sliver, £1,918,090; coal;.£l,771,000, copper, £401,000 ; tin, £237,000 and other minerals £184,000. Victoria cannot oxpoct to equal jlior own record in auriferous discovory, but sho is as yet able to maintain her placo among tho otlior colonies in this direction. For permanent prosperity sho depends on other sources of woaltli, on the cultivation of iior soil and tho development of her dairying industries. Mineral production no longer occupies tlio load ing place. HOSPITAL Sunday has bccomo an es tablished movoraent in support of tho sacred cause of charity. Since its inception, 23 years ago, a sum of £163,000 lias been realised in this mannor, and distributed among tho principal metropolitan institutions. People havo responded liberally, according to their means, though it cannot bo donicd that there are still many ready to escape their fair share of responsibility. Until charitable osganiB- ationis placed upon apropor footingthis reproach is not likely to bo removed. ' -Meanwhile credit must be given to thoso who have not failed to rccogniio the duty imposed iu -tho sariptural precept, " Help ye ono another." Tho churches havo done noble work in tliis respect. To somo : extent a spirit of generous emulation has boon insxiired among the leading -denominations. Tho Presbytorians .and tho Anglicans . liavo vied with each othor in " cheerful giving" and have interchanged ..the topmost piaco. During tho boom years tlio Anglicans for a brief period assumed tlio lead, but they havo not stayed as well as thoir rivals in this i-nco of beneficence. The lioiiiah Catholics, tho Ayosleyniis and all tho othor bodies have also givon ungrudgingly, mid it is to church support that tlio Hospital. Sunday movement owns its success. Hospital - Saturday is an accompani mcnt capable of much, wider development than it has at present received. From the laboring classes. aud from the' votaries' of sport tho return should ensily be swelled to double or threefold its presout dimensions. Still, remembering tho old proverb that it is ungracious to look a gift horso in the mouth, tho charitable institutions will not be ungrateful for what they at.prescut receive. ' AS an ingenious method of averting "ignor« ant criticism," tlio Parliamentary visit to Dooldo may bo commendod. Apart, howevor, from tho expectation of securing political support, tho argument is ouo which bus no logical application to the position. Banqueting a few favored individuals at tho public expense j is uot a jiroccss which carries- conviction beyond the beneficiaries. Any; success whioh tho Dookie. College may be dblo to show does .not prove thab the general administration' of tho Council of Agricultural Education 'is satis. - factory. Equally good, nud it may ho even better, results could bo obtained if the institu. tion wore under departmental control. Tho question whicli tlio council is oil s. 1 upon to, answer is whether it fulfils any useful purpose.' Originally created with tho intention of afford ing tho farmers, tlirougli the election of "Special representatives, an opportunity of looking ufler . their own interests, tlio board has been captured by tlio politicians, nnd in tho majority of in stances tlio members can show no peculiar fitness for tho discharge of tho functions allotted to them. The generous ondowment which Parlia ment has given with tho object of promoting agricultural dovolopmontjliaenbt becn utilised to the best advantage. From a hiiliuoss point of viow the managcinoht has been lamentably do- fective, as is shown by tho mcjigre return received from tho endowment property. Twioo or throe times the inoomo ought to bo obtain able from this "source. ' But what is dono with tlio £5009 a year ; rovenuo.' which the council does resolve ? 1'iacli ally nothing beyond turn- . ing-out a score or so of pupils each year. All the assistance ; to agriciilturo ill the shape of bonuses, grants to societies,' &c.;, comes out of tho goiicral revenue. If the couneil were abolished forthwith tho dcpartniont could carry on its work more cheaply and niore efficiently. TJAHE "young lions "of tho ficu- trade party JL are reniarknblo chiefly for their roaring capacity. This is an infaiitile ailment which years and axporienoo will cure, but meanwhile they are liable to. eonfuso oxoitod clamor with convincing argument. In a free use of statistios it is desirable that .'a candid effort should bo made toS-ealieo clearly tho true meaning of tho figures. A comparison wliieh is not conducted on parallel linos is' only misleading. In con trasting the manufacturing Industry of Yictofia and Now South AFnlcs it is essential that tho figures chosen sliaU liavo l-efercnco to thp same class of facts. Caro"has not always boon takon to abide by this rule, and its' infringement lias resulted in opposing conclusions ifhich havo liot appeared capable' of being reconciled. Tlio - effects of froo-tnido in Now Boutli -AVales may bo ' better understood from concrete facfei tlinn from tlio confusion of figures improperly applied. Some information supplied concerning tho position of tlio soap and candle industry, iii tlio mother colony shows olenrly that thoso most interested in its succoss arc afraid tliat Mr. Rcid's experi ment will bring disaster in its train. He has ' wiped out tlio sugar industry on tho Oiuronco and Richmond riyors, and another effort of local enterprise , is now to follow suit. . The Sydney Soap and Candid Cbhipany liaa investod upwnrdspf £130,000 in plant and buildings," and- ' Under' tho Dibbs tariff employed' continuously ali tho year round fully 00 meffnt fair rates of wages. But witb.tho-duty swept kway there is but little chanco of successfully competing against importers'' rings,' and Antwerp manu facturers, .with the advantage of low wdgeB and olicap freights, are.confident of resuming their monopoly of th'o markot, - ' - . EIGHTLY tho public- is intent on main- toining tho ' unbiassed - , administra- ' tion' of justice.. The proceedings at Ballarat cannot terminate with the mere transfer of Mr. Leader to anothor distriot. The. acquittal of Fir; Tutbitt on. the ''oliargo of criminal . libel .daeslnbt, itis.true, amount to an affirma tion of tho charges .which - the barrister has brought against tho police magistrate, but it. puts Hie matter, in Buch a posi tion that an . iuvoitigatiou lias becomo absolutely ncooasary. Tbo ovidonce adducod in - tlio. courso of the trial was sufficient to show that Mr. Tuthill was not nlono in tho opinion that Mrl Leader had his magisterial likes aud dislikos, This improssioii'may not bo suntainablo by facts, but tlio suspicion oxistB in some mi.ids, nnd now that tlio assertion lias been publioly I mado Mr. Leader is entitled to claim tlio oppot. 1, tunity of clearing his character from tho nsper. Bion. It will Bcim to many persons that it would liave been much wi.-'jr to have taken th i 4 course in the first instance. Mr. Tuthill'e charges, contained in a letter of complaint addressed to the Solicitor-General, came through the proper channel, and it appsS'rs astonishing that authority should have been given for a criminal prosecution before any inquiry was made. Under the law as" it now stands any person charged with criminal libel must be committed , for trial, and it will become a serious matter if such prosecutions are lightly authorised. The remedy is one which should only bo permitted under very special circumstances. HOW much longer is the Postal Inquiry Board to last J Ample opportunity has been given to all concerned to present their case, and the barristers, who are in receipt of daily refreshers, are the only persons who have any . conceivable interest in prolonging the investiga tion. No doubt they wil 1 indignantly repudiate any such actuating motive, but if there Ire no reason at all the sooner the board exhibits a little determination over the matter the better. Not only is there a useless wnsto of time and a continuing es|rendituro, but the inquiry is put forward as an excuse for delaying necessary reforms. Postal administration badly wants overhauling in several directions, but the Postmaster-General is able to shelter himself behind the plea that he can do nothing while affairs are sub judicc. It is time that this argu ment was thrown out of the way. The tele phone branch is only one among others where the public is expecting that radical changes will be made. Not only has the internal administra tion been shown to be radically faulty, but the requirements of the community have not been studied. Greater cheapness and increased facilities are demanded. The demand is not an unreasonable one, for the results of experience in other countries have proved that these benefits may safely Ire granted without incurring any dangerous liability. Under proper management tho telephone branch could be made a good paying concern. "7CT0 one will he bold enough to deny that the 1 v community lias benefited by the dis covery of coal in Victoria. Since the Gippsland mines have been opened consumers have been relieved from their former dependence on the importing interest. The price 1ms been reduced nearly one-half, mid manufacturers and the general public have reaped a corresponding advantage. Only under the pressure of compe tition has the rate been thus brought down, and if tho danger of opposition were removed the effort would quickly be made to recoup present losses. It has been stated that the importers are now living on the profits of the part, and they are cutting prices to the lowest ever known in Melbourne in the expectation of being nlrlc to crush cut the local industry. It will not be to the publicgood that they should succeed in this design. Tor this reason, therefore, the appeal made by the colliery owners to the Govern ment is one entitled to sympathetic considera tion. . The proposal to placo a duty of 2s. Gd. per ton on all imported coal involves some questions of policy on which the Premier is not prepared to give'nn immediate decision. This form of relief iB not likely in any circumstunccs to come into operation duringtljb, present session. But Mr. Turner has rfnjlen;. taken that the railway rate of 6 irrjage shall not be increased for two yeaysy pvert though the State lias to make good Ilia- loss.' "What the local coal companies must (Ipb-i tp \- secure a hirgor share of populnr favor. They lost a splendid opportunity of impressing tlio public, by increasing their prices during tlio coal strike, but this mistake may bo remedied if they can give convincing proof of their ability to supply a good articlir at equal rates with tho imported coal. All who believe in supporting local industry should give tho benefit to the Victorian coal. YERY interesting is Mr. Meston's report on his recent mission of inquiry into tho condition and necessities of tho aboriginals in Queensland. Apart from some idiosyncrasies of mannor and a preconception of conclusions, Mr. Meston was well fitted by previous experi ence to undertake this duty. . It was ono \- attended with some personal risk, for ho did not confine his attention to the semi-civilised and wholly deteriorated order of natives, but went boldly forth into tho haunts of tho tribes who still run wild in tlioir accus- tomod fastnesses. With a single aboriginal as a companion, ho travelled through tho whole of the Northqrn Pciiimmla, and cntne into " con tract with 2000 members of 05 different tiibes, speukingOO different dialects and extending over ' 9 degrees of latitude." In tlio Capo York dis trict tho happy hunting. ground of tho native .. possessors of tlio soil is still to. Irs found ; and if Mr. Meston's ostiinnto is to bo" accepted ps trustworthy, they are hero in largor numbers than in any . other part of tho continent. Ho surmises that there nro at prcsout probably . 20,000 aboriginals, of which more than one-half- . have so far had no intercourse with tho white 'race. As this remote portion of Australia iB not ; likely to bo occupied for purposes of permanent . settlement for years, he wisely recommends . that the natives shall bo leftalone, and tbomora \--severely thoy are loft alone tho bettor is tholr condition likely to be. His account of the / process of demoralisation which follows on association with tho whitoH rofieots no credit oh j tho" morality . of tho superior race. There is \- much in Mr. Meston's report which will desorvo ' serious consideration at tho bands of the Queensland Government. THE' refusal of tho French Government to extradite tho notorious. No. 1 docs not / seem to have occasioned much surpriso. From tlio very outsct it was . recognised that there / wore legal difficulties in the way, which might lead to this result. - As far as Tynan's com plicity with the Phoenix Park murders was con cerned, more than one obstacle presented itself. Not only did tho lapao of 1-1 years render it far ' from easy to obtain sufficient evidence ' to establish his connection with the crime, but there was no assurance that compliance with this condition would mean his extradition as a matter of course. It is a general principle of law that to secure the extradition of a per son accused of crime he must bo charged with an offence which is a crime by the laws both of the country asked to extradite him and by the laws of tbc country demanding his extradition. This conjunction did not obtain in Tynan's cose. Under the French code no person can be pro ceeded against for crime after 10 years, and this statute of limitations threw the cover of its protection over the supposititious No.l as far as the Phoenix Park tragedy was concerned. . On the dynamite conspiracy charges the position was different, but not altogether clear. Under English law criminal jurisdiction is territorial, and in this case the alleged plot had been entirely engineered on foreign soiL It became a very delicate question, therefore, how far Tynan could be readered liable under English law, though he might have been held to have committed an offence against the Iuwb of the country where the bombs were manufactured. On the other liatul, as extradition in Franco i3 purely a political question, no difficulty would have been raised by the French court3 if the French Ministry had desired to respond to tho British demand. 