How Jameson was Betrayed. A PACK OF COWARDS. The Cape Times, tho leading paper of South Africa, writing under date of 4th January, has a scathing article directed against the Uitlandcrs of Johannesburg, nt whose door it- lays the blame forrthe disastrous ending toDr. Jameson's gal lant attempt. The following are the most striking points in what is really a serious indictment:— There is a saying that one cannot make a revolu tion with rosewater. Johannesburg is to Ik! congratulated on an even more luxurious tour deforce. It has made a revolution by proxy. ' I am one of those tame moralists,' said one of the most eloquent of Irish rebels in n famous peroration, 'who hold that liberty is not. worth the spilling of one drop of blood.' ' The revolutionists of the Rand agree with Meuglier. They have foutid that their emancipation from political servitude was quite well worth the cost of blood — other people's. For weeks past we have l-een edified by columns of eloquence upon the wrongs, intolerable to twmliood, under which they smarted. Their ultimatum to the Government was declared to represent a charter of free dom for which 10,000 men were ready, if forced, to take up arms. With the irony of coincidence, it is to-day that a Times article is telegraphed declaring that wliilu Mr. Leonard's manifesto asked for little more than the programme adopted by the National Union last- year, there was this important difference ' that those who endorse the manifesto of 1895 will take t-ht? responsibility of enforcing it.' In reality, it appears, the extent of the stern resolve of the citizen army of. 10,000 was to invite a handful of other men to enforce it for theiii. We owe an apology to the Kruger Government and to its organs for refusing for a whole night and day to lielievn their statements of this plain and simple fact. We simply laughed away, as a fantastic fiction, the news that Johannesburg bad sat inactive for four-and- twenty hours within earshot, aye, almost within eye shot, of the stubborn struggle of n few hundred lads to push their way into town through two or three thousand Boers ; that they had refrained with a ' calm restraint,' perhaps unparalleled in tho records of philosophy, from so much as sending out a patrol to reconnoitre. Before this, when an armistice was sug gested to them by the Boer commandant, it does not seem to have occurred to them that an armistice which excludes the only fighting part of your belliger ents leaves something to be desired. So they made .1 heir armistice, saw the Boera massing at their convenience in Jame son's path, and— made speeches. That was nil the support ' Dr. Jim ' got from those 'principal residents' who, as he wrote in his characteristic little scrawl to the Commandant of Marico, had in vited him to ' assist them in their de mand for justice.' Colonel Rhodes — Jameson, by the way, like Mr. Cecil Rhodes, had a brother in the town — asked the furious crowd on Thursday evening whether they thought him a cur? Seasoned English officers who bear the Distinguished Service Order are generally deemed outside the range of such classification. But, taking the Rand revolutionists in the lump, we do not wonder that Dr. Jim cursed them for a pack of cowards, and that the sym pathy of Cape colonists has been entirely transferred to the man who at least blundered magnificently, from these models of a most unmagnificent- 'calm restruint.' No doubt the verdict of people in Capetown on the cowardice . of comba tants in Johannesburg is open to obvious retort. ' And those behind cried 1 For ward,' and those liefore cried ' Back !' ' We may suppose, and certainly will suppose while we can, that there were reasons as yet unknown to account for what looks like an act of desertion worse than of Gordon at Khartoum ; for Gor don, after all, was not just fifteen miles from the doors of the Ministry w liich ' invited ' him, with railway lines all the way. But while we try desperately to look forward to satisfactory explana tions, we cannot say we much like tho taste of thoso so far volunteered. They had had ' hopeful messages.' One re calls Gordon's hopeful messages from Khartoum : ' Can hold out for ever,' Ac. They ' thought he was getting through allright.' Why did not they send and have a look 1 Why, the very women strolled along to meet him. With that firing going on nnd on, one would have thought a few men would break out and try to get near him, if they hud nothing better than blunder busses to do it with ! Since Sunday afternoon the little band had been pres sing hard across the veld. They had had no sleep, they had finished their food (not proportioned, we suppose, to so prolonged a ' calm restraint'), they had, at last, fired away their cartridges ; with thirst, and waking, and utter fag, they were nodding as they went. And they were . hemmed in by six to one of Boer riflemen, so well covered that the total Boer loss is put at two. They had flung themselves at the mass with reck less tlaring ; small parties had lieen thrown away, shot, or taken, that the main body might dash past-, all to get through and make tho junction with thousands of armed men (so tlioy des cribe themselves) who never came one step to meet them. The thing is simply incredible. It is patliotic reading, the account of the surrender at last, the men flinging themselves on the ground to sleep, or greedily munching the biltong which their Boer captors, full of the generous comradeship of brave men for brave men, hastened to share with tlicin. Even the Robinson-Kruger organs ceased to talk about a ' rout' and began with haste to take a lower seat ana praise their gallantry. Tho streets of Cape town yesterday were a curious sight. People's faces were as gloomy ns if every body had lost a near friend — as, indeed, not a few must have dono. Tlie abstract rights of the people of Johannesburg are the same as ever, no doulit— and the. revolutionists by proxy say now - that they lire all to be conceded. But while the cause is tlio same, and all.Cape colon ists support it; you cannot to-day conjure out of Capetown the ghost of a cheer for the ' XJitlatiders ' of Johannesburg. It . niay lie wrong, but it is well that Johannesburg Rhould know it, should feel that it lies under n'great aiid grievous need to clear itself before the world, The' whole business is simply incom prehensible. The Reform Committee puts the blame on the High Commis sioner's proclamation. Since ,the Im perial Government disavowed Jameson they must-, of course, follow suit. Did they.really expect the Imperial Govern ment to personally conduct their revolu tion? The way the average Johannes burgher talks over his drinks never led us to suppose that his political judgment Was so fettered by the proprieties of Downing-8treet. These people, whose representatives invited Jameson in, can they not see that while it was inevitable for us to disavow him; it was grotesque for them 1 It was for us to deplore civil war— which is always deplorable. They had declared themselves ready, if forced, 'tto make it. Yet a proclamation addressed to British subjects when they had just sworn allegiance to the Transvaal flag suffices to make them coldly repudiate their ally. The Star, which has been preaching sedition bravely for a week, actually congratulates the forces of the Government on having defeated him, and the whole of Johannesburg looks on unmoved while the Boers draw on the ammunition in the town for those sup plies which might have saved Jamason. And then when the mass of people sud denly realise their disgrace, Land in a passion of shame and anguish turn on the committee, one of these gentlemen looks out of a window and declares, like Mrs. Micawlier, that it is no use asking him, the committee will never desert Dr. Jameson. In conclusion tho Cape Times points out that if the demands of the Uit-landers have been conceded they may -thank Dr. Jameson, and that it behoves Johannes burg liefore it lays down arms to put the release of Dr. Jameson with full honors of war before everything else. 