A dentaii froi Gascony. ? ? » I A ROMANCE OP THE HUGUENOTS. I -Bv Bi^knell Dudley/) CHAPTEBTXIX. Tlie reflections of Raoul de Puycadere tr:.-j-o anything but agreeable, as lie lay ini reured in one of the dungeons of the Grand Ciiatelet. But a short week: asro. he had been i-os- scssed of all the dearest wishes of Ms heart — an honorable post with the master he most ?wished to serve, and the accepted lover of the sweetest and fairest girl in France. .And .now — with no power to fulfil the com mands of his Mug, alienated from the lady of his heart, a prisoner with no possibility of escape, and condemned to die by the axe of tJio headsman. The chevalier was no coward, but he was young and life was sweet to him. lie cursed the foolhardy actions winch nad led him to this point of disaster. Had he but followed the good physiciaji's advice^ he ?wcul-*. have remained concealed at the Green Dragon until it had been time for him to 6t-.it on his mission. Then the encounter wiih the duke would have been avoided, the young man would still be alive, there would be no cloud of blood between himself and Gfi-brielle. and all would be well. With a muttered exclamation of mingled disgust at himself and despair at his situa tiou, he rose fi'om the pallet of straw on wliich ne had' flung himself; and, pushing a wooden stool beneath the window, mounted it. and looked out between the iron bars. The cell in which he was confined was in oiie of the -towers of the Ciiatelet. About i«n feet below the window was a broad plat form, with a parapet some two feet high. Beyond the parapet was a sheer descent of at least a hundred feet to the river which lay shimmering in the moonlight, spanned by its dozen of bridges. A little below Raoul could see the lights of the city and the towers of Notre Dame standing like twin sentinels on guard over the capital of France. Oh, if he were Irat yonder, with his trusty sword in Ms hand! Why had he allowed him eeli'to be taken thus by surprise and with out striking one blow in self-defence? To die upon the battle-field or in fair en counter with a worthy foe would have been, a glorious death. But abjectly, miserably, disgracefully, in the very flower of his youth, with all the world befoi*e him, beneath the shameful- axe of a paid headsman! Oh! it 'was horrible! And in impotent rage, Raoul shook the iron baiis which stood between him and freedom. And then befoi'e him rose the vision of her to whom his whole heart had gone out, as l)e had seen her that night at the Louvre with her lovely eyes looking that love into his which her sweet lips so tremblingly con fessed. Ah, death would not be so hard if he could but once hold her close in his longing arms, but once more hear her voice murmur And bending Ms head upon his clasped lianas, his frame shook in a tearless, voice less sob. But even then, could he have known it, friends were neaT, faithful friends who had vowed to risk life and limb in his rescue. . Not twenty feet away from Mm on the platform below stood one of them: He could have seen her in the moonlight had he chanc ed to tarn, his eyes in that direction. StilL in the yellow-haired buxom country girl, 'who, -with basket on her arm, was eo ' quetting v^ifh the sentinel, the chevalier would .scarcely have recognised the lithe, brown-skinned Tzigana. And yet Mlrza was there, led by that grati tude wMch in people of her blood amounts to I an absolute passion. I ller dark hair covered by a flaxen wig, her complexion skilfully whitened and her slen i dc-r figure padded 'to somewhat robust pro lwrtioris, she looked to perfection the part i she was playing— that of a simple peasant I girl who had eoine to Paris to dispose of the. I products of her little farm. I And, with nerves strung to the utmost ten I sion, knowing that the stake was the life of the man who had befriended her in her hour of need, she was playing her part as well as she looked it Certainly Griffo, the soldier on guard, had no suspicion that he had ever before- seen her face, and nothing was further from his thoughts than connecting her with that wild bird, Mirza; ? ?ucMjoxiig ^ixGi.e&sij;' aguansi; me parapeu with his arquebuse between Ms knees, he was by no means averse to whiling away a fe*? minutes of his watch by making love to the innocenfcappearing country girl, who, by her own story, had wandered up on the plat form in search of her brother. 'Lost your brother!' said Griffo, goodhu moredOy, in his not unmusical Italian ac cent 'By hilt and point! as the sergeant says, if a pretty face counts for anything, your brother's far more likely to lose you.' The disguised Tzigana dropped an awk ward curtsey, and replied with much rustic simplicity of manner: ?'He went into the guard-room to get paid for his eggs and fowls, and told me not to mere-anta he came back.' : Griffo. laughed. 'JAnd/of course immediately his 'back was ?tamed you climbed the stairs and took a stroll on the battlements. It's against or ders, my dear, clean against orders, and, by my faith! perhaps it is my duty to lock you up.' MSrza dropped her basket and clasped her I bands in well-feigned affectation of dis may. 'Lock me up?' 'Oh, well, perhaps I can. let you go this time,' said Griffo, with another laugh. 'It's not pleasant to be confined in a cell, as that fellow behind the bars yonder would un doubtedly tell you.' 'What bars?' 'Turn your pretty eyes to the tower on our right Do you see them?' 'Yes.', And she lowered her voice, as if ihaif fearful-Sat iii4- bare idea. 'Is there a prisoner there?' 'Yes, and one not likely to come out, ex cept to go to his death.' 'Who is it?' 'Ha! ha! ha!' chuckled the soldier, pinch ing 'her cheek. 'So you. have your share of your sex's curiosity. Well, there's no harm 3a satisfying you. It's a heretic, who killed a great nobleman, the Duke de Bassom paerre. He dies to-morrow.' 'Dies!' 'Peste! It's oaJy a Huguenot But let's stalk no' more of him. You're here against orders, and will have to pay the fine.' 'What fine?' .asked Mirza, -wiio had been gazing up &ttiie; window indicated by Gtiflo and fancied tihat she saw a wMte face there reflected in' tee moonlight ' . : 'A kiss,' replied iCMffo, with -what Jie flat terea Jiimself Twais{ a killing amie and one .well calculated to 'wSn the good graces of Sie Tustic beauty! ;: ? ; .But as -lie laid Ms arquebuse aside, leaning it against the parapet, and advanced a step fe- elaflm the penaltfyy'-'the seeming country maiden sprang back with a coyness that only served *o inflame the ; -soldier's, desire. , ^Na^'xai^/VsM^fiaa^a^tiieVifin^-areytoo Sneayyi''*'B^sSaes,: I'i£iatt:-\ji&j-jxg;&riiiffnB.; AH fines are to be paSd to the officer in com mand, aaid not to the senMneL But,' with' a -merry Jangh, *Tve a flask of wine ia my 'basket, a gift from the sacrietaai of Saint Bernairdine's. Taste St.' As she, spoke, she pointed to the basket Wluch lay just under the ^parapet At 4Ms, Griffo, whose tbixst Cor good liquor was only second to the redoubtable fier geantte. ibimself, jras quite consoled, for the less of fiie'expecbed kiss, which, however,' he promised himself should only be momentary. 'I will,' &e; said, 'with eager assent. 'In default of th*e lips of a woman, commend me to the mouth of a bottle.' As he stooped to take the flask, quick as lightning Mirza drew a small packet from the bosom of her bodice, and, sending it wita unerring aim, . flung- it through the iron bars of the tower window. It flew past RaouL narrowly escaping his head, and fell with a rattle on the stone floor of the cell Roused thus suddenly from his sad re vorie, the chevalier jumped from the stool to see what was the missile that had been hmled thus unceremoniously at Mm. At first, he fancied he had been shot at but in another moment ibis eye rested upon the packet. Picking it u\\\ he saw that it was a slip of paper wrapped about a stone. He un rolled it hastily, and, taking it to the smoky lantern which illumined with its faint light his gloomy place of imprisonment, he per ceived that there was writing upon the paper. ? Holding it close to the lantern, he succeed ed in deciphering the following words. 'Friends are near. A sure plan is laid for jour escape. Hold yourself in readi ness.' In an instant his whole mood changed. \\* hat! There was a chance for Mm still! He dragged the stool to the table, and eagerly scrutinised the handwriting. No, it was, a figure stole softly from the stair were near! Meanwhile, Griffo had drawn the bottle from the basket and uncorked it. Raising it tG his mouth, he took a long draught. 'Nectar! Veritable nectar!' he declared, half closing his eyes in ecstacy and sniaek iug his lips with gusto. 'And yet the pesti lent heretics say that the holy fathers do net live welL By the way, what is the name of your father, my dear?' Mirza, who was rejoicing over the success of the first step in the scheme for' the libera tion of the chevalier, which had been so earefullj planned out by herself and the other members of her tribe, answered de murely: 'My father? Oh, lite name is Valpin, and he is the miller of Montinartre.' 'Valpin,' repeated the sentinel, with ano ther pull at the bottle. *'A worthy man and a good ? Catholic, I doubt me not. I drink to his health. And what is your name, my pretty wild-flower?' 'Babette,' replied Mirza, drawing a. white handkerchief from her belt, and passing it twice across her lips. As if in answer to a signal, which indeed it was, a figure stole softly from the stair way and cro&st;*d the platform with catlike step, close to the parapet, just behind where Mirza and the sentinel were standing. It was an odd-looking figure, a youth with tangled red hair, in ill-fitting peasant's dress of dark blouse and full, baggy breeches. His progress was so noiseless that Griffo, eugrosed with the bottle and the captivating yellow- haired girl, heard not a sound. . 'Babette.' said the sentinel, far more neg lectful of iiis duty than he imagined. 'Ba- bette! 'Tis a beautiful name. Your health, Babette!' he continued unsteadily, too unsteadily considering the amount of wine he had drunk (if indeed the flask did not contain some drug much more potent than the mere juice of the grape). Your health, Babette! And your brother? What do you call him?' 'Pierre,' replied the girl, who, with her heart in her mouth, was watching out of the corner of her eye the fiery-headed intruder as he crawled with velvet step closer and closer to the tower with its barred window. '1 drink to Pierre! I drink to all your family,' declared Griffo, gallantly, suiting the action to the word. The man in the peasant's dress had reach ed the tower, and as the sentinel raised the bottle to his lips, he laid Ms hand on the rough stone work, and with the agility of a cat, clinging to the projections, he clamber ed up the ten feet of wall between him and the window, and finally clung to the iron bars, resembling in the moonlight some enor--] mous bat with folded wings. 1 'Your brother's a long time coming, my pretty Babette,' muttered Griffo, with a maudlin look of what was meant to be ten derness (surely it was wonderful how quick ly the wine had taken effect!). But the longer the better. You 'won't drink, my dear. That's not sociable.' 'No, but I'll do something better than that,' replied the pretended Babette, with an arch glance, which convinced the soldier that ho had made a conquest. 'What can be better?' he asked, with a leer. 'A kiss?' 'No, no, that may c&me; afterward,' she laughed, warding Mm off with a gesture which was far more alluring than repellant. 'But I'll s-ing, If you'll join in the chorus.' 'A eong in praise of love?' 'No, in praise of the next best thing — of wine.' 'By the mass! you're right, and you're a damsel of wit as well as of beauty. Pipe up, and I'll join in.' Miraa took him by the arm and by imper ceptible steps led him farther away from the tower, as she broke into a rollicking drinking-song : Then fill, fill, oh fill! Let the can, let the can go round. Who can blame her if her voice was a little unsteady? The critical moment had come, and there was so much at stake. However, Griffo noticed nothing. He was too intoxi cated with the wine of the good fathers and the brightness of the girl's eyes. Raoul was still studying the mysterious writing, when he was startled from its .con templation by a low-murured: 'Hist! Mst! Monsieur!' Starting to his feet and turning to the win dow whence the sound proceeded, he saw ta. his amazement a face pressed close against the bars. 'Not a word above your breath!'- came the warning in the lowest of tones. 'The sen tinel is only two paces from here.' 'Who are you?' breathed the chevalier, scarce daring to believe his eyes. 'Pharos, the gipsy .' 'Pharos!' 'Yes. And Mirza is below. Have con rage. Monsieur le Chevalier, and you are free.' . Free! Raoul's . heart bounded in his breast. The letter *hen was from Mirza, and action nad followed dose upon it. Without more words the Bohemian drew a file from his pocket, and, the noise concealed by Mirza's singing, proceeded, with skilful celerity, to cut through -the iron bans. Raoul watched ftim in' breathless silence. Then fill, fill, bfi fill! Let the can, let the can go round. MiTza's dear voice rang out on the still night air, accompanied by an occasional gruff note f rom-the enamored sentinel. Raoul .wondered, idly if lie 'would ever for get that melody. . At last the task was accomplished. !The bars, severed at top and bottom, were re moved and thrown BoSselessly upon, the pri soner's pallet. ? . In another inoment the Bohemian sprang Ughiiy through 4he opening Into fee ceJL Mirza's, voice. ior an instant broke, and then1 pealed ?forfh'agaiinfai^^ . Tbe trite drinking aong sounded lake a ihymn of victory. . 'Haste, monsieur, haste!' exclaimed Phai ros, speaking with rapid entreaty. Through that window lies your only chance. Mirza will distract iibe sentinel's attention as you descend upon the platform. From *ae plat form you can gain by & ladder the roof of -tte other tower -which overhangs the river. Attach this rope,' and tie quickly unwound a long coil from about Ms_-Tvaast— 'attach1 this rope *o -the iron flagstaff, and -t&e; des cent is easy. Yo& have no weapon— ihere is my ponaaid, one that has seen service. Do not pause to question. Every moment of delay breeds a fresh danger.' 'But yon!' said Baoul, hesitating In epite of the other's importunity. 'I cannot leave you here.' 'Bah! You need not fear for me, mon sieur,' replied the gip9y, with a short laugh of careless confidence. 'The stone walls are not yet built that can keep Pharos long a prisoner. Think only of yourself. On the opposite side of the river, just again st the further tower of Notre Dame, you will see a light, the light of a torch. Make for it. There you will find Ismael -and ethers of my tribe, who will bring you to a place of safety. Why do you still hesitate? Would you not live?' 'Yes, yes,' rejoined Raoul with a sudden feverish haste. 'Yes, my brave Pharos, I would live!' He seized the rope from the gipsy's hands and wound it hurriedly about him, thinking as he did so: - . . . 'Ay, I would live, if only to say farewell to her.' 'Dp with you, then!' cried Pharos, in evi dent satisfaction. 'You have already de layed too long, but it is a. chance and the only one.' Yes, he had delayed too long; for just as the gipsy seized the chevalier's arm to assist him to mount to the window, the sound of heavy footsteps was heard just without the doer of the cell, and a coarse voice trolled forth: With a clink and a clank,' With a clink and a clank, Here's more strength to the Catholic flail! 'It's that bragging rascaL Goujon,' he contemplated each other in blank coustema tio;n. ? In an instant, however, the gipsy had re^ covered his self-composure. 'It's that bragging raascal, Goujon,' he said, in a hoarse whisper. 'Quick, . mon sieur, place yourself there.' And he pushed Raoul behind the door, so that he would be hidden by it when it should be opened. TIk key was already grating in the lock. For Pharos to seize the blanket wrap him self in it, and throw himself upon the pal let as if asleep, was the work of but a mo ment. But he was none too soon. Scarcely was he in position than the heavy doer swung inward, and Sergeant Goujon swaggered across the threshold. He cast his little red eyes about the cell, until thev rested upon the figure reclining on the bed. ''By the beard of Saint Bridget!' he grunt ed, half aloud. 'He sleeps! Sleeps as if there were no to-morrow and no Annibal Goujon.' Then, crossing the dimly-lig-hted room, he approached the wretched pallet and laid his hand rougMy upon the shoulder of the sup posed Huguenot. 'Hola! my gentleman, arouse thee!' he bellowed. 'I bring you news! His Ma jesty is graciously pleased to shorten your suspense by some hours, and you are to be executed to-inorow at daybreak. Tomor row! Arouse yourself! Arouse!' with ano ther vigorous shake. 'Awako, I say! It is I, Annibal Goujon, the terror of ? ' But just here a strange transformation took place. Tte gipsy, flinging off the blanket started up. into a sitting posture, and confronted the terrible sergeant with a cocked pistol, held not two inches from his fiery nose. With a howl of fear, Goujon fell heavEy to Mk knees, and held up his hands in an attitude of supplication. At the same instant Raoul sprang forward, and using the bent back of the trembling coward as a step, leaped on to the window sill, and from there dropped lightly to the floor of the platform. With a thrill of excitement, Mirza saw the action. 'Look! look!' she cried to Griffo. 'What is that light on the opposite bank?' The soldier turned, and at the same in stant the Tzigana snatched up the half -empty flask, and poured the remainder of the con tents over the lock of the arquebuse, which rested against the parapet Meanwhile the chevalier had stolen like a ghost across the platform and was mount ing the iron ladder -which led to the roof of the other tower. 'I see no light,' said Griffo, shading his eyes with his hand. 'You are not looking in the right direc tion,' exclaimed Mirza, seizing Ms arm and twisting Mm about 'Over there! near the Pont des Arts.' The fugitive had reached the top of the tower. To unwind the rope from his waist and attach it to the flagstaff was the work of but a moment. Then grasping the rope, he commenced the descent, hand over hand, warding off with his feet the rough projec tions of the stonework. 'Peste! There is no light!' said Griffo, wheeling suddenly, before Mirza could di vin;* his intention. The first thing his eyes fell upon was the swaying figure of the chevalier, now nearly on a level with the parapet and distinctly visible in the moonlight. 'The Huguenot! The Huguenot!' he yell ed, and, snatcMng up his arquebuse, he levelled it at the escaping prisoner. But thanks to Mirza's foresight the piece flashed in the pan. Dashing down the worthless weapon with a furious imprecation, Griffo pushed the gipsy girl roughly aside, and rushed toward the rope which connected with the alarm bell. Clang-! clang! clang! crashed out the bra zen notes. Splash! Raoul had dropped into the river. And before the soldiers, who came flying out of the guard- room, could ascertain what was the matter, he had struck out lustily for the opposite shore. . ? (To be continued.) ? 