VICTORIA. A farmer of Dederang, named Joseph Lambert, committed suicide by cutting his throat on Sunday. He is believed to have been in financial trouble. He leaves a widow and family of three. Mr. C. H. Morris, son of Mr. G. F. Morris, of Fairfield Vineyard, Brown's Plains, has joined the army of Benedicts, being married some three weeks ago to Miss Harris, of Launcest on, Tasmania. Mr. J. Bowser, M.L.A., who three months since was advised a sea trip by his medical adviser, has left by the Union Company's Mararoa for Milford Sound and New Zealand ports. The trip will extend over three weeks. Eev. John M'Neill, the well-known evangelist, is electrifying Victorian audi ences. The title of one of his lectures is strikingly comprehensive — ' Long odds against betting and gambling , from pitch and toss to suicide.' Patrick Dumford, a cripple, attacked a neighbor named John M'Kenzie, at Pur nim, with a long-handled bhovel. M Ken zie was knocked down with the blow, sustained concussion of the brain, and is in a critical condition. Another silly jokist has been qualifying himself for admission to the Tarra Bend Asylum for life by acting the ghost at Eocb ester. He has been very successful so far, having frightened an old woman to the verge of the grave. It transpires that the man M'Cay, who was stabbed to the heart in Carlton, was one of a ' push ' who were notorious for assaulting people who refused to shout drinks for them. They were cnga »ed in this ruffianly amusement, when a tussle occurred between them and M'Cay seems to have been accidentally stabbed. The Income Tax Commissioner has notified certain officers of the Eailway Department who are allowed free passes that they must return for taxation the value of all passes not used strictly on official business. If this be alao applied to members of Parliament the magic golden symbol which they generally use in session and out will lose much of its value. ' The Ballarat Council is experiencing great difficulty in carrying out the mini mum wage clause recently adopted there The trouble arises from collision between the men and the contractors, the men declining to incriminate the contractors who employ them, and thus affording another striking instance of the division of opinion which exists amongst the laborers on this question. . An oxygen retort blew up behind the scenes at Bland Holt's opening perform ance of ' Saved from the Sea' at Christ church (N.Z ) last week. Mr. C. A. Seagar, the electrician, and Mr. E. New man, his assistant, were cut and burned, but not so badly as to di.-able them The explosion created no excitement among the audience, who apparently looked upon it as connected with the performance. During a heavy thunderstorm at Chil tern on Friday a meteor of unusual bril liancy, in the form of a ba'l of fire, was seen to pass over the town. It appeared to explode, two terrific reports following the explosion. One person who saw it said it appeared to burst ia his paddoik. He searched, but could cot ftnd any frag ments, and it is thought the meteor may have burst a considerable distance away, although it seemed to be cloce by. The rabbit question was freely debated at the Yackandandah Shire Council, and it was resolved to apply for 'wira netting under the new act to the extent of £2000 or £3000, if .the amount ia available. The rnbbits aro very bad in the Kiewa and Yackandandah ridings, aud it ia recognised that the Government inspec tion is not Bufficioat. The Council de cidtd to request that authority be granted to councils to supervise rabbit inspectors. An old man Jinmed Arthur Gilmoiu1, %'mployed aa watchman at Mr. Wnllaco'a ^i-aghnrn Flat claim, whilst returning iVorn AUen'u Fiat post-office in tho dark on Tuesday night fell down a :30ft: cufc ting near the track in front of Purde^fe house. He was found on Fridky? wigbft at 10 p'clock, having lain there T4i hours^ unable to move. Dr. Cocarie saw him at* Eobinson's Hotel, where ' he bad beeni taken on discovery, and thinks that not withstanding his adyanced age he will re cover. At Hobert (Tag.) Mr. Alfred J. Coxi, publisher of a paper entitled Plain Facts,. was fined recently £10 for not registering; the publication. Mr. Cox refused to* pay the fine, and went to gaol on Monday to vindicate the rights of the press. His friends made a great uproar ia - the matter, and intended to approach the» Governor-in-Council with regard to lfc. The law authorities, therefore, reducedl the fine to £1, which was paid by hi* friends, and Mr. Cox was released affcesr ! fipe hours' detention. ' ' The strange animal which was seen afe; Bungeet last week by- Mr. J. B Higgins,, came under notice of Mr. Thomas Wall,, who resides in the vicinity, on Friday.. It was detected when entering a thick scrub, and, in the opinion ot Mr. Wall, it, resembles a tiger more than a lioness. Large tracks have Bince been discovered at an adjacent water hole. The parent a of children who are compelled to. pass, the thicket on their way to school, have decided to keep them at home until tho animal is identified or killed. ? ? A return was presented to the Legis lative Assembly showing the gross; amounts paid to schools of mints and', technical schools throughout Victoria in- 189 A and 1895. In the former year the= capitation grint was £6652 10s. Id.,, deferred capitation grant £592 12s. 3d. f, examination grant £2233 5s., and merit: grant £358 8s. 8d., the total being. £9836 16a. In 1895 the capitation grant was £7250 1 Is. 3d., and the examination, grant £2950, the. total, being. £10,20.6 11s. 3d., or an increase of £363 15s. SdL At a meeting of the Tungamah Agri cultural Society last week a letter was* read from the manager of the Bank oE' Australaia peremptorily requesting re newed personal ^security- on the interest; of money advanced, £723, failing which the overdraft would be immediately called up. After dicussion, canvassers were appointed to canvass the district for monetary assistance. It ' is felt that the action of the bank is rather premature, as the society is doing fairly well, and has reduced the overdraft from £1000. iu 1890 to £723 to-day. , ?; 