SPORTING. | Br ' JIascotte.' j The cycling writer in tlio Arrotv says : — As events turned out, I was not very fur astray iu my prognosti cations last week as to tlio Martin and Parsons match, and though he won, I am not satisfied that Martin is the best man. He has ridden with groat consistency since his arrival, but he is just now in perfect condition. Par sons, on the other hand, is hardly at his best, for he has been at his top for a long while. He was strung up to re cord pitch, and doing well before Mar tin arrived at all, and has kept up to it pretty well ever since, so that he must he slightly stale. Martiu is now only really well and acclimatised for the first time, that Maoriland trip having put the final polish on him. He is undoubtedly a wonderful rider, who, even in this very deadly Aus tralian climate,' has developed speed which he never showed in other parts of the world. Staying was his forte, but now he can sprint, too. But even taking the threo events as they were, and making every allowance on both sides for mishaps nnd mistakes, it seems to me that properly paced Par sons would have been the winner of the five and ten mile events. Martin, of course, was more experienced, having seen n deal more of match and paced events. Isaac Murphy, the American colored jockey, who died iu February, left an estate valued at £25,000. Scotch Lassie was one of the first horses to tarn for home in the Rose hill Cup, but was beaten before reach ing the distance. After being censured for his handling of Summerlea at Aspendale Park last Tuesday, J. Stevenson declared that be would never ride on that course again. A record in starting was put up at at the Marlborough Hack Races, at Riverlands (N.Z.), the official failing to despatch the field in one hour and twenty-three minutes. James Stanbury, the champion sculler of the world, en route for Eng land in the R.M.S. Austral, gave on exhibition of sculling on the Port Riverr-Adelaide, on Tuesday, in the presence of a large crowd. ' I suppose it takes a great deal~of experience to pick the fastest horse in the raco 1' said she. ' Yes, it does,' responded her escort, ' and it takes a good deal more to pick the horse that's going to win the race.' Old Bushman has been pensioned off once or twice, but he come3 up again now and then for another course of training and racing. He now ranks as ,1 hunter by some process of reason ing, and succeeded at Rosehill in putting down other hunters (some of them in his own class) but a few of the starters had absolutely no pacr. Bush man has had n varied career, includ ing appearances on the theatrical stage; and it proves n good sound constitution to have lived through such a long career and not be done with yet. He ?will carry the Kelso colors at Rand wick, and probably won't be last. Many expressions of regret have been heard since the news spread that the great steeplechaser Daimis had developed a spline, which, pressing on the suspensory ligament, has caused him to go lame. Mr Allen, who it will be remembered removed one from the outside of the cannon bone on the same horse prior to his winning the first National, reckons that he can re move this one. Tho time for Daimio's departure for England is growing close, and it is to be sincerely hoped that well known gentleman may be success ful in his efforts. Ruenalf, after a short season's stud duty, will return to Mr Keys' stable next week to be put into work again. Verax, a full brother to Jeweller, died recently in Queensland. Mr W. J. Braddon's horse3 are getting on famously under the care of W. Andrews at. Narandera (says ' Augur's Ghost.'). Orient, Escapade, Archie Lee, and Bengalee are all for ward, and ready for finishing touches. M.L.A. has been brought in from the station, and is as fat as a whale. Sweet Rose, who fell away terribly when turned out, is beginning to put on beef. ? The New Zealand hurdler; Liberator has started 147 times. Two well- known Indian buyers will be at the Rand wick meeting, and the chances are another good horse or two will be secured for the land of rajahs and piles of rupees. . The Trier was last at the five fur longs and fourth at the finish of the Rosehill Cup. He may not be good enough to. win the Sydney Cap, hut there are a couple of mile and a half ^ handicaps at the coming meeting' iii which he should bo seen to advantage. Gray's starting machine is being pretty extensively used in California and other American States. The re ports of tho Yankee press are favor able. There have been some wretched starting blunders in America, and any barrier that will work ought to bo ap preciated. An American gelding named Strath meath, who broke down recently at the Bay District track, San' Francisco, did good service for his owner during the six years he was racinc, his record reading : — 'Wins, .54}: seconds, 31 ; thirds; 20; unplaced, ID; the prize money for ' his various successes totalling £22,500. Valiant, is oxpoctcd to oclipso all ? his previous public efforts it' the A.J.C. meeting, and if he doesn't there will be keen disappointment in many ' quarters. i ,, Mr S., II. Justin, who was out hero - with'Zimiuerman, stated ; to'. an Eng lish newspaper repot ter that moro cy clists are' to 'bo' seen about the streets ' of Melbourne than in' any other city in the world. He added that the ? streets iii Melbourno aro the best in i tho world'. A chess board of Limoge onamel has 1 recently beon purchased by the South ] Kensington authorities for £350 as a : curio. It was made in the year 1300. ! 'Loclr'Tjeigh was badly beaten by Olive in «, gallop prior to the Rosehill ? Cup. 