A MSBAfcata unfiBB Hammer.-' Mr fi. H. Bofitock Bold on the .show ground at Balaton Junotlon bis number two collec tion, which has lately returned to Kugland from thti Continent.,, JAs etrch important sales are ol rare oocfixfendo -Showmen from all parts of the globe attended in Jatoe num bers, The principal buyers were frr Carl Bsgeabeck, from Hamburg ; Mr Frank Bob took, from New York ; Mr P. Collins, of Walsall } Mr Sootl, Ol Morecambe Bay ; Mr Rowland Ward, of Londod i Mr Franda Ferrari, of New Orleans j Mr Walmeslcy( of the Blackpool Tower Company ; and Mr George Sanger, An admission fee of 3s 61 kept tlie cflrfotta ouUidc and lift room for the real buyers. ^Before commencing the sale the auctioneer atsdred his audience that It would be absolutely without reserve. Mr Bostook stated that he only fiStd heoanse he had more business on hand than ho conld Attend to. Business then ootnmenced, and the first lots, consist ing of birds, monkeja, etc., were rapidly disposed of; When the larger oaravana were reached the interest increased. Mr Eagen bcck bought moflt df tbe leopards sou hyenas at fair prices. A lioness tfitb three cobs was knocked down lo Mr Walmcsley for 165gs, The lion Victor went to Mr Rowland Ward, the well-known naturalist, for lO'Ogs. A.6ulcndid group of lions was scoured by Mr Bdott for &75gs j but the next lot, though magnificent lions, went to Mr Frank Bostock at a very low figure, Mr George Sanger bought most ot the young lions. But the bidding was very spirited fof tho fhagnitlcent lion Wallacc, who Is an exoelleint perfofmer. He even tually became the property of Mr P. Collins at a very high figure. A well-trained group of wolves brought 60gB , and q splendid tigress 90gs., throe baby lions and a lamb together, in one cage being bought for 65gs bj- Mr George Sanger. Four aged lions and lioness went very cheap, the Hons, indeed, fetching Ices than the value of their skins. The camels broncht iraad nrlces. 4Bra. and (Ogs. respectively. The Indian elephant w&b; bought by Mr Frank Bostock for bis Noah's Ark Exhibition in America for the sum of 220ge„ and as he is a good worker will no doubt prove both ornamental and useful. A thoroughbred bloodhound was bought by Mr Randall Williams, tbe well-known ghost Bho w proprietor, for 40gs., and will be trained to perform in 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,'' The finest Jams in Tasmanian are W. D PEACOCK A KB Co.'s. Full weight tins. The Salvation Aiiuy Mutiny. — Mr Billingtoa Booth (the Daily Newt New York correspondent says) has issued a state ment which la looked upon as foreshadowing the establishment of a Salvation Army in America on an independent basis. Mr Booth declares that he cannot accept proposals fiom London to serve .again under the authority of the headquarters there. 'The sodden relinquishment of the American com mand by Mr Ballingtoa Booth and his wife, and the announcement that they would not accept another, has precipitated a cerlous U{thcaval in the Salvation Army (says the | corespondent) which is in danger of dis- ! ruptiog that organisation and undoing much : of the good work which the leadership of the Booths bas accomplished. Colonel Badle, who arrived two years ago, took the view, it is said, that Mr Booth was Americanising the 4 Army,' and he sought to restore it to Ung llsh ways. When he came some of the ' Army' officers were buying honseson instal ment methods through savings from their salaries. Colonel Eadie ordered them to atop this, and te give np their homes, becinse Salvationists were to take no thought for the morrow, but to trust to Providence. He ordered one officer who bad a private income to 6top keeping a horse and carriage, saylog tbat it was preposterous for a Salvationist to ride about on bis duties. He also forbade tho use of bicycles as uoheard-of and an seemly. It la charged againat Colonel Eadie that be sent adverse reports to tbe head quarters in London, which led to tho sending of Oolonel Nicol a short time ago to invesli Mr Booth's recall, and it ia alleged that Colonel Nicol joined Colonel Sadie and Mr Herbert Booth in hostility to Mr and Mrs Ballicgton Booth. Whether these chargcs be true or not, there is no donbt that practi cally tbe entire * Army* believes them, and is convinced that Mr Booth and bis wife are tbe victims of intrigue. One officersays to-day 1 Every man, woman, boy, and girl in the 'Army* lov6s Commander Booth and Mrs Booth. They are honest and true, and we are devoted to tbem. If they should decide to orgaaise aa ' Army ' indepen dently of the home organisation wc will stand by tbem. Many of us think there Is yet a possibility of General Booth rescinding the order for Commander and Mis Booth's transfer, Mr Herbert Booth will not relish his pOBition here if he assumes charge of the ' Army.' It Ib being said in private, 'We don't want Englishmen by way of Canada sent here to govern us. We want Commander and Mrs Booth, and no one else, and if we cannot have them thore will be trouble in tbe ranks,' Mr Booth and Mb wife have taught Americans 'to look with respect upon tho Salvation Army. a Before their arrival It was univer sally ridiculed, and its influenoe scarcely amounted to anything.' ' A later message said 4- The excitement at the head quarters ot the Salvation Army is still iotease. The ex-Commander and Mrs B. Booth, after wavering for a time, on Tues day informed their followers of their inteu* Hon to submit to tbe decree removing them from the American leadership, Tbey also I took occasion to denounce their alleged cnemirs by name as traitors. Commissioner Eva Booth iB temporarily placed in com* mand of the Salvation movement here. Mr Baliingtou Booth refuses to give up the ti'Jc-dccds of the property he holds in trust for the Army until the arrival from India of his successor. Ask for W. D. Peacock and Co.'e new season's Jams ; tins contain 16or net. There ie no medicine so often needed In every home, and so admirably adapted to lhc purposes for which it is intended as Chamberlain's Pain Balm. Hardly a week passes but some member of the family has need of it. A toothache or headache may bo cured bylt, A touch of rbenmaiism or neu ralgia quieted. The severe pain of a burn or scald promptly relieved, and the sore healed in much lose time than when medicine hue to bc&cnt;^for. A sprain maybe promptly treated before inflammation sets In, which ensures a cure in about one-third of the time other wise required, Outs and bruises should re ceive Immediate treatment before the parts become swollen, which can only be done when PrtLn Balm Ib kept at hand, A sore tbeoat may be curcd before it becomes eeriou?. A troublesome corn may be removed by applying iL twice a day for a week or two. A lamo bacV may be cured and several da-s of valuable time saved or a pain in the Bide or chest relieved without paying a doctor's bill. Procure a bottle at onoe, and yoa will never regret it, For sale by all lcalcTs, Hatton and Laws, General Agents. Inspection Is invited on tbe prcraiste, 06 Claries-street., of Casiley Bros.' slock of crockery, fancy goods, toys, etc., which will be sold by auction on the premises, We'dues da',ttlli, aod Tbursdav, 9tb inst., without reserve, by \V. T. Bell and Go. Catalogues cau b»j obtained from Cast ley BroB. li-day. Si. Joseph's Baud will give a grand sacred concert in the City Park io-morrow night. The Gas Company's office will be closed until Tuesday next, Mr J. H. Mitchell announces that he is 8?lling preserves and other delicacies for the holiday seasou, M!s* K. Goldsmith will resume school duties on Tuesday next, a'; 175 6t. John street. The annual meeting of landholders in the Scottsdalc road district will be held in the Mastinlc Ball, ScottedHle, at 11*30 on the ltith, for the election of three trustees. That of the landholders ia the Town Board dis trict will be held at the Mochanios' Inpii tnle, Scottaialc, at 12 30 on tbe I8tb, for tho election .of trustees. Vitadatio still holds its own aa a splendid remedy for all blood disrasee, and particu lars of the directions in which Its usefulness manifests itself arc given in another columo. Mrs Oartwright, of 107 Bt. John-street, advertises a new conBignmcnt of bananas, apples, butter, eggs, poultry, etc. Castloy Bros, have an advortisomfzit of Peek, Frean, and- Co.'s celebrated English biscuits, also the magic firelighter, whicti is claimed to last for three years, and makes firelighling with dry or damp wood a plffisuro, 