Interesting Stow “GLADYS.” . i A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME, BY M. M. B, PART I. ■/ 'A. lovely morning in spring, when you • seem to see the trees growing and the j flowers opening to the sun—all nature is 1 so bright around that you always feel a reflection of its warmth in your heart, and | a song of thanksgiving rises to your lips, for the fact of life, and the blessing of i good health to enjoy it. I A garden lies beforo us, sloping grad- , ually to the river, and filled with all the i sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom— j an old-fashioned garden—where the Lent lilies bent their graceful heads, and the tall narcissi shared the honors with - monthly roses. i A pretty house, of the cottage type, I though built with plenty of Bpace at com- - mand, and showing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be < sufficiently blessed with this world’s goods I to live in comfort, • at any rate, if not in ] absolute luxury. 1 Seated. under . a spreading sycamore, j with some dainty embroidery in her hand, ' was a girl of surpassing grace and beauty; I one glance at the pure oval of her face, at the deep gray of her eyes, and the < golden brown of-her hair, “sunning over j with curls,” to say nothing of her supple ( figure and taper hands aud feet, and you i would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeed a fact, that Beatrice Conway had i been “ the beauty,” par excellence, of the last three seasons. j There was, however, a tinge of melan choly in the wistful droop of her rosy lips, £ which suggested the fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty, she was not i entirely happy or free from care. i Flitting about from shrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone £ dictated, and gradually filling the basket i she carried in her hand with all tho spoils of the garden, was another girl. 1 The two were much alike, but this one * was younger, brighter, .fairer, and evi- i iently happier than her cousin, for such c was the degree of relationship between \ the two. i Beatrice, the elder cousin, was the 1 owner of the pretty cottage, where also a dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. An f almost sisterly affection existed between t the two girls. 1 Up to the present moment, Gladys had i been the chief spokeswoman, but. the con- r versation had been somewhat desultory c and interrupted, owing to the fact that she always found it difficult to remain c long in one place, and gathering flowers s afforded a splendid exercise for perpetual e motion. Now, however, she came and settled herself on the grass at her cousin’s c feet, and with a little sigh of content began to ariange her spoils. I Beatrice continued the conversation as t if no interruption had taken place. t “It is all very fine for you to talk, a Gladys, just because you happen to be t Gn8aned to the best fellow in the world— c the best 1 catch’ of the season—a hand some man, and one who, beside all those I advantages, is as madly in love with you, .1 little cousin, a3 if these were the days of p chivalry, and you were an enchanted t princess in a moated castle. HeW-onli*- .o Tuer£rsTio_creiiyrng'that fie isTrightfully, unreasonably jealous.” t “ It’s the only thing that prevents our i love story being as common-place as a 3 cook’s or a housemaids,” pouted Gladys, 1 “ but I am always hoping that something £ may turn up to arouse his jealausy, but f you know,” confidentially, and with a s quaint little sigh. “ I’m so dreadfully in t love with him, that I don’t think it ever e can, for, Beatrice, I’m suro I could never ( give him even the slightest cause—” ] “ Oh, jealous people don’t wait for 1 cause," interrupted her cousin ; “but I I trust you will never find this out, Gladys. ” » “ 1 don't mean to deny that I’m a very i lucky girl,” continued Glady’s, as if she i had not heard, or, at any rate, heeded tho i interruption, and holding up a bunch of . creamy roses to see how they harmonised with her cousin's dress, and fastening them in her brooch in a kind of paren- . thesis, “or that Claude is not the best and dearest fellow in the world, beside being, I know, quite too good for me ; but. I am sure, Trixy,” coaxingly looking up into the elder girl’s face to try to get her to agree, “ it would have been much wiser aud much more romantic if he had hap pened to te an artist, and worn a velveteen coat, and—” “ Yen,” laughingly, “ yea, my dear coa, much more romantic, but not one-half so convenient. It was because my lover, Decail de Lisle, was poor, that Aunt Oathorine forced me to reject him. Don’t •ver think, Gladys my dear," speaking very tenderly, “that the most romanti* surroundings can ever reconcile you to saying 4 good-byo' to one whom you truly love. I shall never forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again, I could then die happHy,” . “ Nonsense, love,” said Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately, “ don’t talk abouk dying in this glorious weather ; let’s think of something happy and bright, like the sun shine,” gathering all the flowers into a big bunch. “ Claude said he’d be down about ' twelve, and,take, us both up the river fish ing. Yes, Trix;' as you say, I’m a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don’t think I shall ever want one of my • own ; but, still, j>ou must allow that poverty—mind, poverty without rags, I distinctly object to fags-—poverty is so much more romantic than having all the luxuries of life and a few over. “ My dear Gladys, I trust you 'will always have them ; you were made for the sunshine. I can’t imagine you with a great sorrow, or even a great love, although doubtless you’ll go through life quite re spectably without either.” This was said-in a joking manner, bub when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth be ginning to pout and the brown eyes fill with tears, she drew her cousin tenderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. “Gladys, darling, whenever I look at your bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry the first man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you— youmusn’tmindme, dear. You willunder atand now why-l am sometimes sad and melancholy, lam going into the house; .. shall I bring your hat, dear ? ” “ Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crow." “ That wouldn’t be at all romantic, would it, Glady’s ? ” “ No, ” with a merry laugh, “ not at all; and I don’t think Claude would like a blackamoor fora wife, dear Trixy,” watch ing the graceful figure till she disappeared into the cottage. , “ Well, I don't wonder at men falling in love with Beatrice, 1 should myself; it’s quite a delight to me to watch her face, and I’m not a man, or I suppose if would be more so. I’m quite proud to be her cousin, and for people to pretend that they see a family likeness between us is certainly very amusing. I would do any thing in the world for her-—only I’m awfully glad Olaude didn’t like her best, because I don’t think I could give him up, even to Beatrice. But,” with a puzzled look, “ if he had liked her best, I don’t suppose I should have had anything to do with it. Well," with a shake of the head, “I don’t know anything about that all I know is. that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if he had been poor, I could have proved my devotion by—” But the reBtof her meditations were cut short by a hand being laid over her eyes. With a little shriek of pretended dismay', Gladys jumped up, scattering her ilowers, to right and loft. Her face looked very rosy as she liaj.Uy released herself and stooped to picl. up the blossoms, exclaim ing in tragic tones,— 41 Oh, Clat4o, how you frightened me! ” “ Frightaned you, sweetheart 1 Why, what a clumsy brute I must be. But there, never mind those ilowers, Ladybird, I’ll take good cate nobody else frightens you whilo 1 am bare.” Ho took kor in his arms and bestowed a dozen kisses on her lips. His is a stalwart figure, of six feet one or two, clad in the lightest of tweed suits. His big blonde beard and flaxen hair shone like threads of gold in the sunshine. Ilis blue eyes rested withdeeploveand admiration on the dainty tiguro he held in his arms.’’ After a few minutes given to lover-like demonstration, ho seated himself on the grass beneath the shady tree, and drew Gladys down by his side, possessing him self of one small hand. “ And now tell me what you wore talk ing about when I came.” Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as she recollected the wish that was on her lips. 44 Talking 1 Was I talking ? What did I 41 Well, I only heard part of a sentence, it was this: * I could have proven my de votion by—’ ” “ Oh,” with a nervous little laugh, *• I suppose I was rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude.” 44 Private theatricals, indeed! Now look here, Gladys,” in a very masterful tone, 441 won’t have you talking about your de votion to any other fellow but me. How do I know if you talk about it but what you may feel it, and then,” lugubriously, ‘•what is to become of me ? No, no, sweet heart, talk as much about devotion to me as you please, I am open to as many con fidences on that subject as you liko to make, so fire away, I’m ready." 44 Nonsense, Claude,"said Gladys,laugh ing in spite of herself, “ as if ono could make love to order, like & dress, ora coat, or boots.” 41 Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cals are the very mischief, and put non sense into girls’ heads. I hate all such exhibiticns! ” “ But, Claude, you know its for a charity, and you know—*’ “ Charity be hanged ! Charity, should begin at home, and I believe its vanity that makes all you women so ready to ex hibit yourselves to be stared at at so much a head, under the guise of charity. You’d think it precious hard lines if you’d got to do it for a living.” “Now don’t be disagreeable, You know Beatrice has promised, and you know all the places are booked at double prices to see the lovely Miss Qameron, the beauty of the last three seasons, in <*" .4ti ' *** . "" i ■ ■ 44 All well and good, if Beatrice likes to do it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, sees no objection ; but recollect you are my property now,” looking at her with proud possession written on every feature of his handsome, manly face. “ And I won't have other fellows staring at yon, and talking about you— discussing you a3 if you were a piece of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now don’t look so disappointed, darling ; I I can’t bear to see that dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down her cheeks like twin diamonds. “ Listen, Gladys, we’ll go for a long ride instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my darling,” in a low, tender voice, drawing her to him, “ you can't think what pain it would be to me to hear my own little love discussed at the clubs as I hear so many other fellows’ sisters and sweethearts talked about. I think it would kill me. t f 1 t 1 t 1 V ( t h g fi ? 1 y ti q p is E h t' d k V ti ti ti c p i f i i U lady’s, to find that you had ever had a secret from me. I know I should never forgive you, if I found you had deceived He was strangely agitated and spoke strongly on so slight a cause, but Glady a remembered for the first time since their engagement how she had heard m the early days of their acquaintance that Claude Meredith, before he inherited his uncle’s wealth, had been jiltod by a cer tain lady, and how he had only then re turned from his long sojourn abroad. She, too, was quite in earnest when she an swered him. 44 Deceive you, Claude—why, how could I ? I love you too well. Now, don’t bo silly, sir. I ought to be very cross with you ; you never let me have my own way —not a little bit." 44 Because I know you like having my ; way best—now confess you de ?” “I shan’t confess anything of the kind, said Gladys, perversely. 44 Ah, but I know you do,” with a wise ; Bliake of the head. , 44 Well, of course, if you know, there s ’ no more to be said.” , “Where’s Beatrice ?” he lazily inquired, • after a slight loverlike pause. ; ’ “ Oil, Claude,” she continued, in a sor : rowful little voice, “she's just been tell ’ ing me the very saddest love story I ever i heard ; and, what is sadder still, it i3 every bit true.” I “ Her own 1” queried Claude, more m i terested in picking the bits of moss from ; Gladys pink dress, tlianin ever so pathetic i a story concerning her cousin. 44 Yes ; that’s the reason she has never married, and ”—in an awe-struck whisper } _“she never intends to be, because she ■ can’t forget D—” ■ l At this moment a loud ring wa3 heard, r at which Claude jumped quickly up from i his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. 44 What a nuisance ! 1 forgot all about fc it, but I asked a fellow to come down to \- day and go fishing with us—you know s dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrice l to watch. Us spoon, and she’s very good to \- be so little obtrusive, hue yet sue must ■ feel dc trop, at anyrate I know she is just l one too many, so I thought I would get a ; follow to join us, and make a quartette * P6“ Oh, capital'! Only it’s no good ; , Beatrice will never love again.” “ Well, at any rate, Denzil will enter ; tain her ; he’s the best fellow in the world i —only came back from India last week. \- I fan up against him in Bond-street^last I ni"ht ; we were delighted to meet again— we used to bo the greatest chums in the y world, Denzil and I.” ; “Denzil 1 What a pretty name ; lb r sounds strangely familiar,” murmured V Gladys, 41 What’a hiB ot^er naroa r 6 af ! “Da Lisle—Denzil do Lisle. Why, i Gladys, what is the matter 1” for Gladys j had sprang to her feet as if by an electric shock, and now stood looking, flushed and eager, at her tall lover. “ What name ? Say it again, Claude," clutching at liis arm as he was turning aside. “ Denzil de Li»lo. Do you know him ?” —this latter in quick, suspicious tones. “ Why, how odd you look 1" “ Do I ?" laughing nervously. “ No, I don’t know him—I have heard the name —nothing more.” “ I don’t understand ; what do you mean ?" laying a detaining hand on her shoulder. ■'Nothing," disengaging herself, “let me go ; I will be back directly. X must tell Beatrice with which series of words, jerked out one after the other, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claude looking after her in angry amazement. He made a step to follow her, but thought better of it, and took out his cigar case, lit a fusee, and tried to quiet his impatience with the soothing influence of a picked Havana. The following sen tences broke from him between the puffs of his cigar:— “I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I were a jealous kind of fellow— I repeat, if I were jealous," this la3t was very emphatic, accompanied by kicking a small pebble into the river, “I should swear, this was some old lover of hers; but it can’t be. I’ll never beliege my Gladys, my little white dove, could so de ceive mb.” Hero he took a quick walk along the miniature terrace which overhung the “No, I don’t believe it, and yet, how else account for her sudden agitation at the mention of Denzil’s name ? it was that whicli so affected her, I’ll swear—ah, here comes the fellow himself; I’ll tackle him going to meet him. “ He’s deuced good-looking, quite one’s beau ideal of an officer and a gentleman. Ah, my dear fellow,” as the two men met and cordially shook hands, “you’ve found us out. The iris will be very glad to see you. What a jolly day for a row, isn’t it?” “ Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish won’t bite ; the sun’s too bright." Oh, the fish are oidy an excuse. There’s one of the prettiest girls in the world to spoon. Oh, you needn’t sha'fce your head and try to look solemn ; wait till you've seen her. I'm sure Mrs. Con “ Conway!” interrupted the other man qnickly. “ Did you say Conway ?" Claude’s face grew somewhat shadowed, as he answered,— “ Yes. Do you know her ?” “ I knew Mrs. Conway once—a very pretty girl. Has she a daughter ?" “ Oh, yes ; ” eagerly. “ Cladys is—” That name—it must be the same.” He turned to Claude and holding out his hand, said, “Do you know I have searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but have been unable to hear of her ? Lady Catherine Lennox is her She was—didn’t you know that she is dead ? But, tell me, old fellow, wliatdo you know of Glady’s ? Where did you see her? When?" She is the only woman I ever loved.” rejoined the other. “I love her still, though Heaven knows she treated me scandalously. Wo were everywhere together for a_ .months snubbed others, men who were rich and titled—” . ; “Gladys, are yon sure it was Gladys Conway?” . “ Sure. Do I know my own face m the glass ? Not better than I knew hers. Why, man, though I have not seen he? for so long, pat hut a pencil in my hand, and I will draw her face, feature for fea ture, and line for line, a3 fair as it was false. She fooled me to the ton of mv Dent, and 1 was mad enough to think sne loved me, when in the spring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told me that nothing but death should part us ; and then that very evening to write the cruel words she did. saying she was already pledged to Hugo Bankside, that I must forgot her ; we had been very foolish, hut it was essential that she should make a wealthy marriage, I cursed her in my heart, and left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India the day before I met you m Bond Street. I had just learned that Bankside is still unmarried, and I mane up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear tho explanation or the seeming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you tell me that she is here, and still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her so soon, with the hope that yet she may be mine. Ah, I felt she could never have been so cruel, so false. I always knew there must have been some strange mistake, P< hi to to “ Yes, as you say, thoro had been some mistake, hut you must excuse me—so sorry —just recollect a most important engage ment—yon will wait hero and see her. Gladys, Miss Conway—give that to her, I must be off at onco." During these disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a few lines in his pocket-book and then torn out the loaf; he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major de Lisle, who observed, for the first time, the exceeding pallor of his “Are you ill, old man? You look as if you had seen a ghost.” “ No, all right, thanks, it’s only the shadow from the treeswith a faint laugh seo you again soon. Good by.” And with quick, decided steps, he was gone. “ Really, that is too good of him, to ; make himself scarce like this, good old ] fellow, but I fancied from a word or two ! that he dropped the other day, that I was to he introduced this morning to the future Mrs. Meredith, hut I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I’m awfully obliged to him, anyhow, to give me a chance of see ing her like this. I wish she would come, and yet, I dread to think of it, if I should be mistaken again. Ah, ray darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till tho thought of seeing you again has so unnerved me ; but I must not meet her with' a gloomy face. Ah, here she comes. And the strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, buttlie light footsteps he had heard was only Gladys, who felt slightly disconcerted to find a stranger there, and no sign of Claude what ever. She advanced, however, in her pretty fluttering way,. and held out a tiny hand, which Major de Lisle took and cordially pressed, for although this was not the rose, doubtless she had been near “Major de Lisle, I presume?" said Gladys, in her bright young voice, and as she spoke, she could not help thinking what a goodlymanthisloverof hercouain’s He was tall and slight, with a well proportioned and well-built frame, which looked remarkably enduring. The face was thatof aman who had thoughtand suffered; cleat olive skin, wav\ug dark bro.wa hair,andbeavy,droopingmustache,kindly,| deap browneyes, that women, little chil-j dren and animalB always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voice replied to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light came into his dark eyes. “ Yes, that is my name. I came here by Claude Meredith’s invitation,, and now a3 he has been unexpectedly re-called to town, I must introduce myself. He left this note for Miss Conway. ” i Gladys looked as ho felt, truly as tonished, but held out her for hand thelet ter. After a preceptible hesitation it was given to her. She put it into her pocket at once. i “ Claude gone—without saying good-by. How strange 1 You don’t know mo, Major de Lisle, although you aro very familiar with mv name. Iam Gladys Conway, the second." He started perceptibly. “ The Gladys Conway you know is my cousin, but you will never sco her more. Ah, forgive me,” seriously, “I did not mean to alarm you. You will seo my cousin almost immediately, but Under an other name. Oh, how stupid I am ! No, she i3 not married, but has changed liei name to Beatrice Cameron. It wa3 a fancy of her godfather’s, who left her a large fortune on that condition. Strange to say, she told me, only this morning, of her friendship with you three years ago. Of course, I do not know your history, but I am quite sure," witii a charming smile, “that one whom Gladys loved must bo .worth loving." “Tell me only one thing; is Gladys still free ?” he pleaded. “ As free as air—or rather, I should say, as free as a woman can be who is bound up in a love story three years old. She is more lovely, more loving and more loved than ever; but I am persuaded she will never marry—that is, I mean,” with a little questioning look at hor companion, “she will never marry unless you ask her again. I am certain there must have been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, hut for my cousin—for Gladys’ sake—I ask you straightforwardly, why you sent her that cruel letter, and beg you to tell me the truth.” She waited in breathless silence, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but he answered hor then, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ten der ones. “Why, I could do no other, when she herself wrote that it was all a mistake, that I must forget her, ns he was betrothed to Arthur Bankside, on account of his wealth and position. What could I, the penniless subaltern in an expensive regi ment, reply to such an appeal ? Could I hold her to her word so lightly given, or even did I do so, would she consent to bo so held ? It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered by belief in woman’s dis interestedness. I left London that night, and England as soon as I could make the exchange. Can you fancy what feelings of Tantalus I had, when the first letters I re ceived from home told me of my accession to wealth and estates of which till that moment I had never dreamed.” “But Bhe—Gladys—never wrote that letter you speak of; it mnst have been Aunt Kate—Mrs. Lennox. You know she was very proud of Gladys in a way, and had determtned she should make the be3t match of the season ; but Dr. Bankside didn’t propose till the dav after you left town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and haB kept on refusing him ever since. Of course Aunt Kate was furious, to do so till twq years ago, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his god daughter, Gladys Conway—your Gladys, you know—ten thousand a year, and his estato in Ayrshire, the only proviso being that Gladys should take the name of his mother—Beatrice—and add thereto his own patronymic of Cameron; so that is the whole long story told in a few words. I will leave Trix to fill in the de tails ; but now—are you net dying to »ee i her? Confessnow,” added theligkt- hearted “ Yes, indeed I am ; and can I see her -now—at once ?" . . , “ Yes you shan’t be kept waiting long, i ’ill go at once and fiud Beatrice and send er to you, Will you come into the house, r see Beatrice here ?" “ Here, if she will come.” “ I am sure she will; so, once more, nil [cspeYanduni” and with a happy laugh, - he girl disappeared. A moro serious look flitted across the iomewhat sombro face of Major de Lisle, md then a look of hope came into the >rown eyes, the thoughts in his brain were ;oo many to remain there unuttered, and ;amo forth in dreamy lmisings. His luusings were broken by a voice speaking just behind him—the one voice in all the world to him. _ “ Gladys told me— Oh, Denzd! at 10 The latter portion of tffe sentence was spoken in his arms, with her head, as he had so often dreamed of it, on his breast. One passionate kiss, wherein all the love and loDging of yjars' seenied to find expression, and she lay ■ quite still, with the tears coursing down her face. In vain lie tried to kis3 them away; but she said to let hor weep, it did her ^ The paroxysm of weeping soon spent it self, and Beatrice smiled up into her lover’s face. . ' “Now tell me,” she said, raising her head a little from its resting-place, and clasping one of his brown hands in her two little white ones. “ Now tell me, Denzil, how did you find me ? When did you come ? Why didn’t you come before, I have wanted you so much.” “ My darling ! and I you—all the time. When I received that ridte'frbm y “ Note! what note! I never wrote to you before you wentawayDenzil. Why should I? wesaw each other every day.” “See, darling, this letter, with vour monogram on it. ’ “ I never wrote it, Denzil—never," she interrupted. “ But how was I to know that 1 I had never seen your hand writing even." “ Oh, Denzil! And after 1 told you how I loved you!” “Ah, dearest love, I. was mad to doubt you ; but there can be no true love with t jealousy, aud did I not know everyone mid envy me my pearl, my Rower? hen 1 received that cruel note from you as I then thought—I was stunned, okon- hearted, andwentto India at ouce, d have been there till six weeks ago— len 1 was invalided home.” TO BE CONTINUED. At a scientific conference in France, me interesting experiments were made on ’sterical patients with drugs which were it actually administered, but were placed the back of the patient’s head and were ed without their knowledge. Under these rcumstances opium produced sleep, alcohol .used drunkenness, and absinthe brought on iralysis of the legs. In women, camphor ive rise to religious ecstacy, and iu men, invulsionS. Many drugs were employed and 1 gave their characteristic effects, though ley were all contained in phials or wrapped 