WHEN THE WORLD ..WAS YOUNGER. ??/. A TALE OF MERRIE ENGLAND. BfMISS BBADDON, Author of 'Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyllard'a Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &c;, &c.; [Published by Bpeciai arrangement with the author. All righto reserved. Chapter XIIL— The Sage op Sates Court. One of Angela's letters to her convent com panion, the chosen friend and confidant of childhood and girlhood, Leonie de Ville, now married to the Baron de Beaulieu, and esta blished in a fine house in the Place Royale, will best depict her life and thoughts anil feel ingB during her 'first London season. 'You tell me, chere. that this London, ?which. I have painted in somewhat brilliant colors, must be a poor place compared with you say of the Cours la Heine, and your splendor of gilded coaches, fine ladies, and noble gentlemen, who ride at your coach win dows, talking to you as they rein in their spirited horses, 1 cannot think that your fashionable promenade can so much surpass our Ring in' Hyde Pork, where the court airs itself daily in the new glass coaches, or outvie for gaiety our Mall in St. James's Park, where all the world of beauty and wit is to be met walking up and down in the gayest, easiest- way, everybody familiar and ac quainted, with the exception of a few women in masks, who are never to be spoken to or Bpoken about. Indeed, my sister and I have acquired the art of appearing neither to see nor to hear objectionable company and pass close beside fine flaunting masks, rub shoulders with them, even — and all as if we saw them not. It is for this that Lord Fareham hates London. Here, he Bays, vice takes the highest pjace and flaunts in the sun, while virtue blushes and steals by with averted head. But though I wonder at this court of Whitehall and the wicked woman who reigns empress there and \- the neglected queen and the ladies of honor, whose bad conduct is on every one's lips, I wonder more at the people and the life you describe at the Louvre and Saint Germain and Fontainebleau and your new place of Versailles. 41 Indeed, Leonie, the world must be in a strange way when vice can put on all the grace and dignity of virtue and hold an honorable place among good and noble women. My sister Bays that Madame de Montausier is a woman of stainless character and her husband the proudest of men, yet you tell me that both husband and wife are full of kindness and favors for that unhappy Mademoiselle de la Valiiere, whoso position at court is an onen insult to your poor queen. Have queens often been so unhappy, I wonder, as her majesty here and your own royal mistress ? One at least wa9 not. The martyred king was of all husbands the most constant and affectionate and in the opinion of many lost his kingdom chiefly through his fatal in dulgence of Queen Henrietta's caprices and his willingness to be governed by her opinions in circumstances of difficulty where only the Wisest hsads in the laud should have counselled him. But how I am wander ing from niy defence of this beautiful city against your assertion of its inferiority. I hope, cbere, that you will cross the sea some day and allow my sister to lodge you in this house where I write ; and when you look out upon our delightful river, with its gay traffic of boats and barges passing to and fro, and its palaces rising from gardens and Italian terraces on either side of the stream ; when you Bee our ancient cathedral of St. Paul and the abbey of St. Peter, lying a little back from the water, grand and ancient and somewhat gloomy in its massive bulk ; and eastward the old fortress-prison, with -its four towers, and the ships lying in the Pool, and fertile Ber mondsuy with its gardens and couvents, and all the beauty of verdant shores between the city and Greenwich, you will own that Lon don and its adjacent villages can compare favorably with any metropolis in the world. 'The only complaint one hears is of its rapid growth, which is fast encroaching upon the pleasant fields and rustic lanes behind the Lambs Conduit and Southampton House; and on the western side spreading bo rapidly that there will soon be no country left between London and Kuightsbridge. ' It was only last Tuesday that I had the opportunity of seeing more of the city than I bad seen previously— and at its best advantage as seen from the river. Mr. Evelyn, of Sayes Court, had invited my sister and his lordship to visit his house and gardens. He is a great gardener and arboriculturist, as you may have heard, for he -has travelled much on the Conti nent and acquired a reputation for his know ledge of trees and flowers. 'We were all invited — the Farehams and my niece Henriette ; and even I, whom Mr. , Evelyn had seen but once, was included in the invitation. We were to travel by water in his lordship's barge, and Mr. Evelyn's coach was to meet us at a landing-place not far from his house. We were to start in the morning, dine with him, and return to Fareham House before dark. Henriette was enchanted and I found her at her prayers on Monday night praying Saint Swithin, whom she believed to have care of the weather, to allow no rain on Tuesday. 'She looked so pretty next morning, dressed for the journey in a light blue cloth cloak em broidered with silver and a hood of the same, but she i brought me bad news— my sister had a feverish headache and begged us to go with out her. I went to Hyacinth's room to try to persuade her to go with us, in the hope that the fresh air along the rivor would cure her headache, but she had been at a dance over night and was tired, and would do nothing but rest in a dark room all day — at least, that was her resolve in the morning, but later she remembered that it was Lady Lucretia Topham's visiting day, and feeling better ordered her chair and went off to Bloomsbury square, where she. met all the wits full of a new play which had been acted at Whitehall, the public theatres being still closed on account of the late contagion. 'They do not act their plays here as often as your Moliere is acted at the H6tel de Bour , gogne. The town is constant in nothing but wanting perpetual variety, and the stir and bustle of a new play, which gives something for the wits to dispute about. I think we must bave three playwrights to one of yours ; but I doubt if there is wit enough in a dozen of our writers to equal your Moliere, whose last comedy seems to surpass all that has gone before. - His lordship had a copy from Paris last week abd^read the play.to us in the even ing. Be has no accent and reads'? French beautifully, with spirit and fire, and in the pas sionate scenes his great deep voice has a fine effect. ' We left Fareham House at 9 o'clock on a lovely morning, worthy this month of May. The lessening of fires in the city since the warmer weather has freed our skies from sea coal smoke, and the sky last Tuesday was bluer than the river. ' The cream-colored .and gold barge, with twelve rowers in the Fareham green velvet liveries, would have pleased your eyes, which have ever loved splendor -} but you might have thought the master of this splendid barge too sombre in dress and aspect to become a scene which recalled Cleopatra's galley. To me there is much that is interesting in that Bovere and serious face, with its olive complexion and dark eyes, shadowed by the strong, thoughtful brow. People who knew Lord Strafford say that my brother-in-law has a look of that great, unfortunate man — sacrificed to stem the rising flood of rebellion and sacrificed in vain. Fareham is his kinsman on the mother's side and may have perhaps something of his power ful mind, together with the rugged grandeur of his features and the beet carriage of his shoulders, which someone the other day called the Stratford etoop. ' I have been reading some of Lord Straf ford's letters and the account of his trial. Indeed he was an ill-used man aud ths victim of private hatred— from the Vanes and others —as much as of public faction. His trial and condemnation were scarce less unfair — though the form and tribunal may have been legal— than bis master's, and indeed did but forecast that most unwarrantable judgment. Is it not strange, Leonie, to consider how much ot tragical history you and I have lived through that are yet so young? But to me it is strangest of all to see the people in this city, who abandon themselves as freely to a life of idle pleasures and sinful folly — at least the majority of them— as if England had never seen the tragedy of the late monarch's murder, or been visited by death in his most horrible aspect only the year last past. My sister tells every one, smiling, that she misses no one from the circle of her friends. She never saw the red cross en almost every door, the coffins, and the uncoffined dead as I saw them ouo stifling summer day, nor heard the shrieks of the mourners in houses where deatli was master. Nor does she suspect how uear she was to missing her husband, who was hang ing between life and death when I found him, forsaken and alone. He never talks to me of those days of sickness and slow recovery ; yet I think the memory of them must be in bis mind as it is in mine and that this serves as a link to.draw us nearer than mauy a real brother aud sister. I am sending you a little picture which I made of him from memory, for he has one of those striking faces that paint them selves easily upon the mind. Teil me how you, who are clever at reading faces, interpret this one. ' Helos, how I wander from our excursion ! My pen winds like the river which carried us to Deptford. Pardon, cherie, si je m'oublie trop, mais e'est si doux de causer avec une amie d'enfanee. ' At the Tower stairs we stopped to take on board a gentleman in a very fiuo peach-blossom suit and 'with a huge periwig, at which Papil lon began to laugh and had to be chid some what harshly. He was a very civil-spoken friendly person and he brought with him a lad carrying a viol. He is an officer of the Admiralty called Pepys, and Fareham tells me a useful indefatigable person. My sister met him at Clarendon House two years ago and wrote to me about him somewhat scornfully, but my brother respects him as shrewd and capable and more honest than such persons usually are. We were to fetch him to Sayes Court, where he also was invited by Mr. Evelyn ; and in talking to Henriette and me he expressed great regret that his wife had not been invited, and he paid my niece compliments upon her grace and beauty, which I could but think very fulsome and showing want of judgment in addressing a child. And then, seeing me vexed, he hoped I was not jealous ; at which I could hardly command my anger, and rose in a huff and left him. But ho was a person not easy to keep at a distance, and was following me to the prow of the boat, when Fareham took hold of him by his cannon sleeve and led him to a seat, where he kept him talking of the navy and the great ships now a-building to replace those that have been lost in the Dutch war. 'When wo had passed the Pool and the busy trading Bhips, and all the noise of sailors and laborers shipping or unloading cargo, 'and the traffic of small boats hastening to and fro, and were out on a broad reach of the river with the green country on either side, the lad tuned his viol and played a pretty, pensive air, and he and Mr. Pepys sang sonie verses by fierrick, ope of our favorite English poets, set for two voices— Gather ye rosebuds .while ye may, Old Time still is a-f.ying ; And this same flower that smiles to-day, To- morrow will be dying. The boy had a voice like Mere Ursule's lovely soprano, and Mr. Pepys a pretty tenor ; and you can imagine nothing more silvery sweet than the union of the two voices to the staccato notes of the viol, dropping in here and there like music whispered. The setting was Mr. Pepys's own, and he seemed overcome with pride when we praised it. When the song was over Fareham came to the bench where Papillon and I were sitting, and asked me what I thought of this fine Admiralty gentleman, whereupon I confessed I liked the song better than the singer, who at that moment was strutting on the deck like a peacock, looking at every vessel we passed, as if he were Neptune, and could sink navies with a nod. ' Miseracorde, how my letter grows. But I love to prattle to you. My sister is all good ness to me, but she has her ideas and I have mine; 'and though I love her nine the less because our fancies pull us in opjjosite direc tions, I cannot talk to her as I can write' to you ; and if I plague you with too much of my own history you must not fear to tell me so. Yet if I dare judge by my own feelings, who am never weary of your letters — nay, can never hear enough of your thoughts and doings— I think you will bear with my expatiations, and not deem them too impertinent. ?'Mr. Evelyn's coach was waiting at the landing-stage j and that good gentleman re ceived us at his hall door. He is not young, and has pone through much affliction in the Jobs of bis dear children— one, who died of a fever during that wioked reign of the JDsurper Cromwell, was a boy of gifts and capacities that seemed almost miraculous, and had more scholarships at (five years old than my poor woman's mind could compass were I jto' live ttil-jtfty. „ Mr. Evelyn took a , kind of sad delight: in talking to ' Henriette and me of this gifted child, asking her what she knew of this and that subject, and comparing her extensive ignorance at 11 with his lamented son's vast knowledge at 5. I was more sorry for him than I dared to say ; for I could but think this dear overtaught child might have died from a perpetual fever of tho brain as likely as from a four days' fever of the body ; and afterwards wheu Mr. Evelyn talked to us of a manner of forcing fruits to gtow in strange shapes — a process in which he was greatly interested — I thought that this dear infant's mind had been con strained and directed, like the fruits, into a form unnatural to childhood. Picture to your self, Leonie, of an age when he should have been chasing butterflies or making himself a garden of cut-flowers stuck in the ground, this child was laboring over Greek aud Latin, and all his dreams must have been filled with the toilsome perplexities of his daily tasks. It is happy for the bereaved father that he takes a different view, and that his pride in the child's learning is even greater than his grief at having lost him. 'At dinner the conversation was chiefly of public affairs— the navy, the war, the king, the duke, and the general. Mr. Evelyn told Fareham much of his embarrassments last year, when he had the Dutch prisoners and the sick and wounded from the fleet iu his charge, and when there bad been so terrible a scarcity of provision for these poor wretches that he was constrained to draw largely ''on his own private means in order to keep them from starving. 'Later* during the long dinner, Mr. Pepys made allusions to an unhappy passion of his master and patron, my Lord Sandwich, that had diverted his mind from public business, and was likely to bring him to disgrace. Nothing was said plainly about this matter, but rattier in hints and iuuendoes, and my brother's brow darkened as the conversation went on ; and then at last, after sitting silent for some time while Mr. Evelyn and Mr. Pepys conversed, he broke up their discourse in a rough abrupt way he has when greatly moved. ' ' lie is a wretch— a guilty wretch— to love where he should not, and to hazard the world's esteem, to grieve his wife, and to dishonor his name ! And yet, I wonder, is he happier in his sinful indulgence than if he had played a Roman part, or like the Spartan lad we read of had let the wild-beast passion gnaw his heart out, and yet made no sign ? To suffer and die, that is virtue, I take it, Mr. Evelyn ; and you Christian sages assure us that virtue is happiness — a queer kind of happiness ! '* The Christian's law is a law of sacrifice,' Mr. Evelyn said, in his melancholic way. ' The harvest of surrender here is to be garnered in a better world.' ' ? But if Sandwich does not l-elievo in the everlasting joys of the now Jerusalem — and pre fers to anticipate his harvest of bliss !' said Fareham. , ''Then he is the more to be pitied,' inter rupted Mr. Evelyn. ''He is as God made him. Nothing can come out of a man but what his Maker put in him. Your gold vase there will not turn vicious and produce copper, nor can all your alchemy turn copper to gold. There are some of us who believe that a man can live only once, and lovo only once, aud be happy only once in that pitiful span of infirmities which we call lifo ; and that ho is wisest who gathers his roses while he may — as Mr. Pepys sang to us this morning. ' Mr. Evelyn sighed and looked at my brother with mild reproof. ' ' If in this life only we have to hopa in Christ we are of all liien most miserable,' he said. 'My lord, when those you love people tho heavenly city you will begin to believe and to hope as I do.' ' I have transcribed this conversation at full length, Leonie, Iwcause it gives you tbe keynote to his lordship's character, and accounts for much that is strange in his con duct. Alas! that I must say it of so noble a man. He is an infidel ! Bred in our church he has faith neither in the church nor in its Divine Founder. His favorite books are meta physical works by Descartes, Hobbes, Spinoza. 1 have discovered him reading those pernicious writings, whose chief tendency is to make us question the most blessed truths our Church has taught us, or to confuse the mind by leading us to doubt even of our own existence. I was curious 'to know what there could be in books that so interested a man of his intelli gence, and asked to be allowed to read them ; but the perusal only served to make me un happy. This daring attempt to reduce all the mysteries of life to a simple sum in arithmetic, and to make. God a mere attribute in the mind of man, disturbed and depressed me. Indeed, there can be no more unhappy movement iu any life than that in which for the first time a terrible 'if' fiashes upon the mind. If God is not the God I have worshipped, and in whose goodness I rest all my hope3 of future bliss ; if in the place of an all- powerful Creator, who gave me my life and governsit, and will rouew it after the grave, there is nothing but a quality of my mind, which makes it neces sary to me to invent a Superior Being, and to worship tho product of my own imagination ! Oh, Leonie, beware of these modem thinkers, who assail the creed that has been the stronghold and comfort of humanity for sixteen hundred years, and who employ the reason which God has given them to disprove the existence of their Maker. Fareham insists that Spinoza is a religious man— and has beautiful ideas about God ; but I found only doubt and despair in his pages ; and I ascribe my poor brother's melancholic disposition in some part to his study of such philosophers. 'I wonder what you would think of Fare ham, did you see him daily and hourly, almost, as I do. Would you like or dislike, respect or scorn him ? I cannot tell. His manners have none of the velvet softness which is the fashion in London — where all the fine gentlemen shape themselves upon the Parisian model ; yet he is courteous, after his graver mode, to all women, and kind and thoughtful of our happiness. To my sister he is all beneficence; and if ho has a fault it is overmuch indulgence of her whims and extravagances — though Hyacinth, poor soul, thinks him a tyrant because he forbids her some places of amusement to which other women of quality resort freely. Were he my husband I should honor him for his desire to spare me all evil sounds and profligate company; and so would Hyacinth, perhaps, had she leisure for reflec tion. But in her London life, surrounded ever with a feevy of friends, moving like a star amidst a galaxy of great ladies there is little time for the free exercise of a sound judgment, and she can but think as others bid her who swear that her husband is a despot. /. .; -:. '. ' Mrs. Evelyn was absent from home on a' visit; so after dinner. Henriette and I, having no hostess to entertain us, walked with our host, who showed -us all the curiosities and beauties of his garden, and condescend to in struct us upon- many interesting particulars relating to trees and flowers and the methods of cultivation pursued in various countries. His fig trees are as fine as those in the con vent garden at Louvain ; and indeed talking with him uValong alley, shut in by holly hedges of which he is especially proud, and with orchard trees on either side, I was taken back in fancy to the old pathway along which you and I have paced so often arm-in-arm, talking of the time when we should go out into the world. You have been more than three years in that world of which you then knew bo little, but it lacks still a quarter of one year since left that quiet and so monotonous life ; and already I. look back and wonder if I ever really lived there. I cannot picture myself within those walls, I cannot call back my own feelings or my own. image at the time when I had never se-n London, when my sister was almost a stranger to me aud my sister's hus band only a name. Yet a day of sorrow might come when I should be fain to find a tranquil retreat in that sober place and to spend my declining years in prayer and meditation, as my dear aunt did tspend nearly all her life. May God maintain us in the true faith, sweet friend, so that we may ever have that sanc tuary of holy seclusion and prayer to fly to — and, oh, how deep should be our pity for a soul like Fareham's, which knows not the consola . tions nor the strength of religion, for whom there is no armor against the arrows of death, no city of refuge in the day of mourning. 'Indeed he is not happy.,. I question and perplex myself to find a reason for his melan choly. He is rich in money and in powerful friends ; has a wife whom all the world admires ; houses which might lodge royalty. Perhaps it is because his life has been over prosperous that he sickens of it like one who flings away ftom a banquet table satiated by feasting. Life to him may be like the weari ness of our English dinners, where one moun tain of food is carried away to make room on the board for another, and where after people have sat eating and drinking for over an hour comes a roasted swan or a peacock, or some other fantastical dish, which the company praise as a pretty surprise. Often in the midst of such a dinner I recall our sparing meals in the convent, our soup maigre and snow eggs, our cool salad3 and black bread, and regret that simple food while the reeking jointE and hecatombs of fowls nauseate my senses. 'It was late in the afternoon when we re turned to the barge, for Mr. Pepys had busi ness to transact with our host and spent an hour with him in his study signing papers and looking at accounts, while Papillon and I roamed about the garden with his lordship conversing upon various subjects and about Mr. Evelyn and his opinions and politics. ' The good man has a pretty trivial taste that will keep him amused and happy till he drops into the grave — but, lord, wnat insipid trash it all seems to the heart on fire with passion,' Fareham said in his impetuous way, as if he despised Mr. Evelyn for taking pleasure in bagatelles. 'The sun was Betting as we passed Green wich and I thought of tho3e who had. lived and made history in the old palace— Queeu Eliza beth, so great, so lonely ; Shakespeare, whom his lordship houors ; Bacon, said to be one of the wisest men who has lived since the seven of Greece ; Raleigh, so brave, so adventurous, so unhappy ! Surely men and women must have been made of another stuff a century ago ; for what will history remember of the wits and beauties of Whitehall except that they lived and died? 'Mr. Pepys was somewhat noisy on the evening voyage and I was very glad when he left the barge. He insisted upon attempting several songs— not one of which he as Rble to finish and at last he began one which for some reason made his lordship angry, who gave him a cuff on his head that scattered all the scented powder in his wig ; on which, instead of start ing up furious to return the blow, as I thought to 6ee him, Mr. Pepys gave a little whimper ing laugh, muttered something to the effect that his lordship was vastly nice and sank down in a heap upon tho cushioned seat, where he almost instantly fell asleep. 'Henriette and I were spectators of this scene at some distance, I am glad to say, for all the length of the barge divided us from the noisy singer. 'The suu went down and the stars stole out of the deep blue vault and trembled between us and those vast fields of heaven. Papillon watched their reflection in tho river or looked at the houses along tho shore, few and far apart, where a solitary candle showed here and there. Fareham came and seated himself near us, but talked little. We drew our cloaks closer, for the air was cold, and Papillon nestled beside me and dropped asleep. Even the dipping .of the oars had a ghostly sound in the night silence and we seemed so melancholy in this silence and solar away from one another that I could but think of Charon's boat laden with the souls of the dead. ' Write to me soon, dearest, and as long a letter as I have written to you. ' A toi de coeur, ' Angela.' Chapter XIV.— The Millbank Ghost. One of tho greatest charms, of London has ever been the facility of getting away from it to some adjacent rustic or pseudo rustic spot, and in 1CC6, though many people declared that the city had outgrown all reason and was eat ing up the country, a two-mile journey would carry the Londoner from bricks and' mortar to rusticity, and while the tower of St. Paul's Cathedral was still within sight he might He on the grass on a wild hillside and hear the skylark warbling in the blue arch above him and scent the hawthorn blowing in untrimmed hedgerows. And then there were the fashion able resorts — tho gardens or the fields which the town had marked as its own. Beauty and wit had their choice of such meeting grounds between Westminster and Barn ElniB, where in thn remote solitudes along the river murder might bo done in strict accordance with etiquette aud was too seldom punished by law. Among the rendezvous of fashion there was one retired spot. less widely known than Fox Hall or tlie Mulberry Garden, but which possessed a certain repute, and was affected rather by the exclusivos than by tho crowd. It was a dilapidated building of immemorial age, known as the 'Haunted Abbey,' being in fact the refectory of a Cistercian monastery of which all other remains- had disappeared long ago. The abbey had flourished in the lifetime of Sir Thomas More and was mentioned in some of his familiar epistles. The ruined building had been used as a granary in the time of Charles the First ; and it was only within the last decade that it had been re deemed from that degraded use, and had been in some measure restored and made habitable for the occupation of an old couple, who owned the surrounding fields and who had a small dairy farm from which they sent fresh milk into London every morning. . The ghostly repute of the place and the '~ attraction of now tnilk, cheese cakes, and syllabubs had drawn a certain number of those satiated pleasure-seekers who were ever on the . alert for a new sensation, among whom there was no one more active or more noisy than - Lady Sarah Tewkesbury. She had made the haunted abbey in a manner her own, had in- * vited her friends to midnight parties to watch for the ghost and to morning parties to eat . syllabubs and dance on the grass. She had brought a shower of gold into the lap of the, miserly freeholder and bad husband and wife completely under her thumb. Doler, the husband, had fought in the civil war and Mrs. Doler had been a cook in the Fairfax household, but both had scrupulously sunk all Cromwellian associations since his ' majesty's return, and in boasting, as he often did boast, of having fought desperately and been left for dead at the battle of Brentford Mr. Doler had been careful' to suppress the fact that he was a hireling soldier of the Par liament. He would weep for the martyred king and tell the story of his own wounds, until it is possible he had forgotten which side he had fought for in remembering his prowess and sufferings. So far there had Ijeen disappointment as to the ghost. Sounds had been heard of a most satisfying grimness during those midnight and early morning watchings ; rappings and scrap ings and scratching on tbe wall, groanings and moanings, sighingsand whisperings behind the wainscote ; but nothing spectral -had been . seen, and Mrs. Doler had been severely repri manded by her patrons and patronesses for the . unwarrantable conduct of a spectre which she ? - professed to have seen as often as she had ] fingers and toes. „._ . ? ' . ..? It was the phantom of a nun— a woman of ; ???'-: exceeding beauty, but white as the linen which banded her cheek and brow. There was a dark scory of violated oaths, priestly sin, and the sleepless conscience of the dead which « could not rest even in that dreadful grave where the sinuc-r had been immured alive, bub must needs haunt the footsteps of the living, a wandering shade. Some there were who disbelieved in the tradition of that living grave and who even went so far as to doubt the ghost; but the spectre had an established repute of more than a century, was firmly believed in by all the children and old women of the neighborhood, and had been written about by students of the unseen. One of Lady Sarah's parties took place at full moon not long after the visit to Deptford, and Lord Fareham's barge, was again _ em ployed, this time on a nocturnal expedition up the river to the fields near the haunted abbey, to carry Hyacinth, her sister, De Mal fort, Lord Rochester, Sir Ralph Masaroon, Sir Denzil Warner, and a bevy of wits and beauties « — beauties who had, some of them, been carry ing on the beauty- business and trading in eyes and complexion for more than one decade and who loved that night season when paint misht be laid on thicker than in the glare of day. The barge wore a much more festive aspect under her ladyship's management than when . used by his lordship for a daylight voyage like the trip to Deptford. Satin coverlets and tapestry curtains had been brought from Lady Farehain's own apartments, to be flung with studied carelessness over benches and tabourets. Her ladyship's singing boys and musicians were grouped picturesquely under a silken canopy in the bows, and a row of lanterns hung on chains festooned from stem to stern, pretty gew-gaws, *that had no illuminating power under that all-potent moon, but which glittered with colored light like jewels and twinkled and trembled in the summer air. A table in the stern was spread with a light collation, which gave an excuse for the display of parcel-gilt cup3, silver tankards, and Vene tian wine flasks. A fountain played perfumed ? waterB in the midst of this splendor, and it \ amused the ladies to pull off their long gloves/ ? dip them in the scented water, and flip them: ? in tho faces of their beaux. . ? ; The distance was only too ehort, since Lady Fareham'B friends declared the voyage was by far the pleasanter part of tlie entertainment. Denzil, among others, was of this opinion, for it was his good fortune to have secured the seat next Angela, and to be able to interest her by his account of the buildings they passed, whose historical associations were much better known to him than to most young men of his epoch. He had sat at the feet ot a man who scoffed at pope and king, and hated episcopacy, but who revered all that was noble and excellent in England's past. 'Flams, mere flams/' cried Hyacinth, acknowledging the praises lavished on her barge ; 'but if you like clary wine better than skimmed milk you had best drink a brimmer or . two before you leave the barge, since 'tis odds you'll get nothing but syllabubs and ginger bread from Lady Sarah.' ' A substantial supper might frighten away the ghost,, who doubtless parted with sensual propensities when she died,' said De Malfort. 'How do we watch for her? In a severe silence, as if we were at church f ' * 'I would keep silence for a week 6' Sawbaths gin I was sure o* seeing a bogle,' said Lady ISuphcmia Dubbin, a ? Scotch marquis's daughter, who had married a wealthy cit and . made it the chief endeavor of her life to ignore her husband and keep him at a distance. ,_She bated tbe man only a little less than his plebeian name, which she had not succeeded in persuading him to change became, forsooth, . there had been Dubbins in Mark-lane. for many generations.1 All previous Dubbins bad lived over their warehouses and offices, but her ladyship had brought Thomas Dubbin from Mark-lane to my Lord Bedford's Piazza in' the Covent Garden, where he endured the tedium of existence in a fine new house, in which he was afraid of his fine new servants and never had anything to eat that he liked, his gas tronomic taste being foi disTies the very name of' which were intolerable to persons of quality. ' This evening Mr. Dubbin hod been, incorri gible and insisted on intruding his clumsy parson upon Lady Farehani's party, arguing with a dull persistence that his name was on tier ladyship's billet of invitation. 'Your name is on a great many invitations ouly because it is my misfortune to be called ?by it,' his wife told him. 'To sit on a barge after 10 o'clock at night in June— the coarsest month in summer— is to court lumbago; and all I hope is ye'll not be punished by a worse attack than common.' ? Mr. Dubbin had refused to be discouraged, even by this churl ishness from his lady and appeared in attendance upon her, wearing a magnificent birthday suit of crimson velvet and green brocade, which he meant, to present to his favorite actor at the duke's theatre, after be had exhibited himself in it half a dozen times at Whitehall, for the benefit of the great ^ -..world and at the Mulberry Garden for the ? admiration of the boua robas. He was a fat, double-chinned little man, the essence of good nature and perfectly unconscious of being an offence to fine people. Although not a wit himself Mr. Dubbin was occasionally- the cause of wit in others, if the practice of bubbling an innocent rustic or citizen can be called wit. Rochester and Sir' llalph Masaroon, and one Jerry Spavinger, a gentleman jockey, who was a nobody in town but a shining light at Newmarket, took it upon themselves to draw the harmless citizen, and, as a preliminary to making ftirn ridiculous, essayed to make him drunk. They were clustered together in a little group somewhat apart from the rest of the \- company, and were attended upon by a lackey who brought a full tankard at the first whistle on the empty one, and whom Mr. Dubbin, after a rapid succession of brimmers, insisted on calling 'drawer,' It M'as very seldom that Rochester condescended to take part in any entertainment whereon the royal sun shone not, unless it were some past-midnight marauding with Buckhnrst, Sedley, and a band of wild coursers from the purlieus of Drury-lane. He could see no pleasure in any medium between Whitehall and Alsatia. 'If I- am. not fooling on the steps of the throne let me loll in the gutter with pam phleteers and orange-girls,' said this preco cious profligate. '1 abhor a reputable party among your petty nobility, and if I had not been in love with' Lady Fareham off and on ever since I cut my second teeth I would have no hand in such a humdrum business as this.' 'There's not a neater filly in the London stable than her ladyship,' said Jerry, 'and I don't blame your tasto. I was side-classing her yesterday in Hi Park, but ehe didn't seem to relish the manoeuvre, though I was wearing a Chedreux peruke that ought to strike 'em dead.' ' You don't give your peruke a chance, Jerry, while you frame that ugly phiz in it.' 'Why not bume the whole company, my lord?' said Masaroon, while Mr. Dubbin talked apart with Lady Euphemia, who had come from the other end of the barge to warn her husband against excess in Rhenish or Bur gundy. ' You are good at disguises. Why not act the ghost and frighten everybody out of their senses ?' ' II n'y a pas de quoi, Ralph. The creatures have no sense to be robbed of. They are eecond-rate fashion, which is only worked by machinery. They imitate us as monkeys do, without knowing what they aim at. Their women have virtuous instincts, but turn wan ton rather than not be like the maids of honor; and because we have our duels their men murder each other for a shrugged shoulder or a casual word. No, I'll not chalk my face .or smear myself with phosphorus to amuse such trumpery. It was worth my pains to disguise myself as a German Nostradamus in ovder to fool the lovely Jennings and her friend Price— who won't easily forget their adventures as orange-girls in the heart of the city. But I have done with all such follies.' ?'' You are growing, old, Wilniot. The years are telling upon your spirits.' 'I was lt- last birthday and 'tis fit I should feel the burden of time and think of virtue and H rich wife.' 'Like Mrs. Mallefc, for example.' 'Faith, a man .might do worse than win so much beauty and wealth. But the creature is arrogant and calls me 'child.' and half the peeiage is after her. But we'll have our jest with die city scrub, Ralph ; not because I bear him malice, but because I hate his wife. And we'll have our masquerading some time after midnight ; if you can borrow a little finery.' Mr. Dubbin was released from his lady's Eotto voce lecture at tins instant and Rochester continued his communication in a whisper, the Honorable Jeremiah assenting with nods and chucklings, while Masaroon whistled for a fresh tankard and plied ;he honest mer chant with a glass which he never allowed to be empty. (To he continued. ) We have received from Messrs. Melville, Mullen, & Slado, publishers, of Melbourne, a copy of the first book of the 'Odes of Horace' as translated by Mr. J. Holland, M.A., and Mr. E. H. Irving, M.A. The bpok is prescribed by the Melbourne University for the examination for houors at matricula tion this year. One of the translators has reproduced the odes in blank verse with an absolute adherence to the verbal and grammatical structure of the Latin, tfo other has employed English rhyming verse. 