THE TUESDAY, APRIL I8BC. THE southern border railway, llie con struction of wliicli cannot bo much longer delayed, is again beginning to at trnct attention from politicians and the Press. During the course of nn address to the electors in Toowoomba last week, Mr. Groom referred (n the Drayton Deviation as follows : " Now with re gard to the -Drayton Deviation, lie hud had a conversation with Mr. M.athie son, who informed him that the Drayton Deviation was not lost sight of. The railway must bn extended to St. George to hold tho south-western trade, and the ' route Mr. Mathieson advocated was! from Pittsworth to St. George, :ind if ' that lino wore passed then the Drayton I Deviation would also have t.o be cm-1 ??traded, because liiu Pittsivorth-St. j George route was I5 milt's -liorti r tlum ; ! any other." We question the ace.uracy of tint latter statement, and have only to say, in reference to (lie rest of the quotation, that if the Knilwuy Ooinitiis doner commit led himself definitely to : tlie views attributed to him l>y Mr. Groom, lie possesses a very much snnil er store of tact than we gavh liiin credit for. The Darling Down« (Inzt'ttr has lately been dealing with the subject under notice, and this is what it said : " The Warwick people want the St. George railway to no from there. To enable thein to get it they will return a Government supporter this time ; for, make no mistake a'lout it, the future member for Warwick is Mr. Thomas J. Byrnes. Can an Opposition man counteract the influence of an enthu siastic supporter and a Minister of the Crown like Mr. Byrnes? No one with common sense would for a moment think it possible, lleturn n Govern ment supporter for Warwick, and two Opposition men for Toowoomba, and the railway from St. George will start from Warwick. Electors, mark what follows. The whole of the south-west ern districts will decline to pay the sixty extra miles haulage via Too woomba, and as surely as night follows dxy the Via Recta will become an ac complished fact; the Drayton Deviation will become unuecessnry.and Toowoomba will be stratided. If Warwick is going to have a share of the fleshpots of Egypt, it can only have them at our expense," This is very doleful indeed, but it is not without interest for the electors of Warwick at the present juncture. Clearly, if Toowoomba can prevent it, Warwick will not have a ghost of a show of getting the border line, whatever may be the merits of its cluim. But the route of the railway will, we have no doubt, be determined without regard to local interests. War wick's pleasure, or Toowoomba's dis pleasure, ought to have no weightqn a matter of such importance to tlie colony as a whole. We are quite prepared to allow the claims of this district to rest on their merits. Tiie revenue returns for the quarter and nine months ended 31st of March come as a pleasant relief from the turmoil of political strife, for all good colonists, whatever side they may be on, are always pleased to hear that the income is coming in freely enough to enable the Treasurer to do something more than pay his way. For the quar ter ended on the 31st ultimo the total revenue proper was £717,632, as com pared with £703,522 for the correspond ing quarter of the previous financial year. The increase of £14,000 for the quarter is very gratifying in view of the fact that the effects of drought, the disturb ance of traffic due to heavy floods, and the turmoil of tlie elections hive all been disturbing factors in the quarter just ended. The drought I as broken, the floods are post, and the election ex citement will soon be at an end-com merce will ere long l.e governed by nor mal conditions, and we may look for even better results during the present quarter than were achieved during the hist. Turning to the sources of revenue, we find that taxation gave large increases during both periods. TJie Land Office receipts fell ofl' £5000 in the quarter and £20,000 during the nine months, but the railways gave a splendid in crease during the latter period. So it was with other services, while other re ceipts-fees of office, fines and forfeitures, and miscellaneous receipts-remained about stationary. Notwithstanding the banishment of the consultation promoters, whose presence in the colony was said to be so' advantageous to the department, the Post Office revenue is more than holding its own. The total revenue for the nine months was £2,756,700, while the expenditure (in cluding interest for six mouths on the public debt) reached £2,258,115, the excess of revenue over expenditure totalling £498,585. Mr. Nelson should therefore be able not only to ineet de partmental expenses and interest, but also to show a substantial surplus at the close of the financial year on the 30th of .Tune next. In very few of the other colonies is the outlook so satisfactory. SAYS the Australian (Brisbane): - " Mr. Archibald, of Warwick, is a popular man. If anything were required to make him one bit more so, his retire ment in favour of the Attorney-General would suffice. Not alone has this made him popular and respected in his own district, but it has mado his name a household word through the length and breadth of Queensland. Wherever Mr. Byrnes' name is mentioned in Queens land, with it is associated the name of John Archibald, the owner of which has struck a vigorous blow against the enemies of order and good government. He has also struck a blow against the advocates of sectarian animosities, reli gious bigotry, and class prejudices. He acted a more patriotic part than if he went to the poll and politically annihi lated a half-dozen humbugs whose patriotism is self, and whose country is their pockets." 