The Gem Finders of Arnheims Land. An Australian Story. By Captain Lacie PART I. " We had better run into the gulf, mate. I don't like that cloud yonder. If it means anything at all, it gives signs of a Willy Willy." " Yes, Captain, there's a storm brewing sure enough." The speakers were Captain Preston and his mate, William Barrows, as they stood on the deck of the pearl fisher Lucinda and eagerly scanned the south western horizon. The vessel had just passsed Cape Londonderry, and her head was at once turned in the direction of Cambridge Gulf, that fine harbor on the west coast of Australia. Preston and his mate had for several years been engaged in the somewhat dangerous pursuit of pearl-fishing, and they well knew the ominous meaning of the rapidly rolling banks of black clouds flecked in patches with rifts and ribbons of dead white. More than once they had battled successfully with the fury of these tropical storms, but it was only when they were unable to run into shelter that they faced them. As the Lucinda swept onward in a due east course, the advanced guard of the aerial force in their impetuous haste rushed upon the frail craft and sent it speeding through the churn- ing sea. As if in anger at the onslaught, the began to swell in wrath, and swiftly the waves rose and raced after the vessel. It was about noon on the 21st of November, 1863, and though the sun was almost vertical the awful pall of clouds which now rolled overhead threw a ghastly and un- natural twilight around. The Malay crew moved about like shadows, whilst now and again the voices of the cap- tain or the mate could be heard giving orders. The rolling clouds were charged eith electricity, and in places they fre- quently glowed for a few moments like gigantic fire-balls. The Lucinda was partly under the shelter of the headland, when the grave-like stillness was suddenly broken by the onset of the terrific storm. the wind came rushing on faster than an express train, carrying the raging waters with it, and lifting the surface of the ocean into enormous serried ridges of seething water. The deep green of the billows was interspersed with feather fringes of purest white, as occasional spots were lashed into foam. The little pearl vessel, as if instinct with life and the desire to preserve it, raced ahead fugitive-like, and each moment brought the craft within a safer circle. The high promontories of Capes Bougainville and Londonderry warded off the worst part of the storm, and consequently it was only portion of the right wing of the circular storm which struck the Lucinda. It was well for those on board that it was so. As Captain Preston saw the foam-lashed waves coming on and listened to the shrieking wind he felt thrilled with anxiety as to the result. In a few moments the storm was upon them. Every man threw himself flat on deck and clung to whatever he could. In a second the boat heeled and Preston made sure she was about to capsize. Like a cork, however, the craft righted, and with a velocity and tumbling which almost took away the breath of those on board rushed ahead as if eager to keep up with the fore- front of the wind. There was not an inch of canvas spread, but the fury of the storm made up for this lack. During the interval between Preston and Barrows' conversa- tion the movables on deck had been secured, yet in some cases the ropes snapped and they were blown away. " We would have had little chance out there," the mate remarked to Preston, pointing as he spoke towards a spot about five miles to the north-west. " If we had delayed one minute in run- ning here nothing could have saved us," the captain answered. This conversation was maintained at the top of their voices, for the noise made by the conflicting wind and water was tre- mendous. It was soon apparent to the two men that the worst danger was ove.! The Lucinda was rapidly making for the comparatively calm water of Cambridge Gulf, and in half an hour that haven was reached. One of the Malays had been washed or thrown overboard when the full force of the hurri- cane struck the vessel, and this was the only loss or injury to life. A few movables of little value had also gone, but, on the whole, Captain Preston had reason to con- gratulate himself on the result. Anchor was cast near the mouth of the Victoria River, and it was decided to remain in the harbor for a few days. At that time the locality was absolutely uninhabited by white men. Tribes of fierce and dangerous aboriginals were known to live along the upper reaches of the Victoria and they occasionally made excursions to the coast. Preston and Barrows had visited abortive attempt had been made to pierce gloom which enshrouded that mysterious land. The golden apples in the gardens of the Hesperides, it is fabled, were guarded by sleepless dragons which breathed fire, but these monsters were as nothing to the barriers which kept ward over the mineral treasures of North-West Australia. Vast stretches of sandy desert upon which the tropical sun beat down with torrid fury extended their waterless wastes far along. In places, that most ter- rible production of the Australian in- terior, the Spinifex or porcupine grass cropped out of the parched plains, and pre- sented a rampart of forbidding and dangerous vegetation, which was the dread of the ex- plorer. The Mulga scrub, a kind of acacia bush, armed with strong and sharp spines and generally matted together with other scrubs, and frequently quite im- penetrable, presented a formidable obstacle to the prying curiosity of man. The rivers were mostly huge flood channels, and woe to the luckless explorer who trusted in them for his water supply. In winter vast lakes were to be seen, but they were as salt as the Dead Sea, and in summer merely beds of half-dried mud. From out the level plains precipitous hills rose abruptly, but they were as barren and uninteresting as the surrounding country. Nature seemed blasted so far as vegetable life was con- cerned, except along a mere fringe of the coast where fine forests existed. In conformity with that eternal law of compensation the comparative absence of animal and vegetable life of a useful kind was, without doubt, balanced by mineral wealth. At least, that was the view which Preston and his companion took of the matter. " Now that we are in this out-of-the way place, Barrows, we might spend a few days prospecting around," he said. " Yes, our time is our own, and we can not do much pearling for the next week," came the answer. It might here be mentioned that the Lucinda was jointly owned by its captain and mate, so that they could do as they pleased in the matter of going or remain- ing. " There must surely be some foundation for the rumors that are floating about. You remember what that ' old hand' told us at Shark Bay. He was pretty plain about gold being in this locality. I wish we had brought him along," Preston said. " Well, we didn't expect to come so far north this time," answered Barrows. " He said there was gold to be found right from Roebuck Bay to the northern coast," doggedly persisted the captain. " We can lose nothing by having a hunt round this place, at any rate. In fact, we might sail a few miles up the river. There is plenty of water just now," replied the mate " Yes, that is a good idea, and a safe one. It is easier and safer to go through the water than over the land in this region," the captain returned. " We will make a start at daybreak" he added. This decision having been arrived at, the two men retired, but were out of their bunks again before daylight, and making preparations for a start. The Victoria is one of the largest livers on the north-west coast of the continent, and takes its rise in a belt of hills running east and west, called the Dividing Range. It is about 150 miles in length, and navigable for small vessels the harbor several times, but had not gone inland. On this occasion it was fated that they should make a departure from that course. As they sat during the evening in the cabin, the conversation led to a topic that was then being voiced throughout Australasia. The probability of there being auriferous deposits in the locality had been mooted in some mysterious way. Two hundred years before gold was said to have been discovered by the buccaneer Dampier on the north west coast, and in some of the old Dutch charts this part is marked Provincia Aurifera. In all times gold has had a potent in fluence on the fortunes of individuals and nations alike. Though we call this the Age of Iron it is essentially the Age of Gold—if not the " Golden Age." Gold is the great modern magician, more powerful and ubiquitous than the genii of old. It can attract men and women from the uttermost ends of the earth and cause the wilderness to blossom like the rose. It rears, Aladdin-like, palaces and temples, from the barren earth, and elevates or degrades humanity at will. It was little wonder then, as Preston and Barrows sat in the cabin on that 21st November, 1865, that their thoughts should revert to such an all-absorbing subject. They were on the verge of a practically 'unknown land, yet of which strange tidings had been whispered. From these slumber- ing solitudes a vocal breath had been carried into regions where the never-ceasing energy and enterprise of man prevailed. More than during a portion of the year for a considerable distance above its estuary. The Lucinda had little difficulty in ascending about seven miles. The cur- rent was sluggish, and the wind favorable. On the muddy banks, basking in the sun, numbers of alligators both large and small could be seen, whilst others again floated on the water, their backs level with it, like dark logs. At a sheltered bend where a small creek ran into the river Preston anchored the Lucinda. He wanted, amongst other things, a supply of fresh water, and he would be able to obtain it at the place. A little more to the east a hill rose abruptly out of the level plain to a height of four or five hundred feet, and the captain decided to at once climb this eminence and take a survey of the locality. As blacks might be met with, himself, Barrows, and the two Malays they took with them were well armed, and felt quite able to repel any ordinary attack from the aboriginals. The intervening country was not hard to travel over. The region of Mulga and Spinifex was far inland, and the ocean moisture had assisted to promote a tropical vegetation. Along the banks of the river grew acacias, palms, small bamboos, ' cabbage trees' and similar vegetation, but they did not extend far back. The distance to the hill was soon covered, and the ascent commenced. This was not so easy a job. The sides rose singularly steep and almost devoid of vege- tation, save a coarse, tufty grass which clothed them in places with a brown garb. Amongst these wild flowers of different hues sprang out, and they relieved the mono- tonous appearance. On the summit being reached a fine view was obtainable. In various directions ranges and isolated peaks could be seen with intervening plains, some of which were wooded. Preston was scanning the surrounding district with his telescope when the mate touched him on the arm. " Look !" he exclaimed, " What is that ?" Away down in the valley below, a small object moved. The captain's telescope was immediately turned on the object. " Oh, it is a darkie," Preston said after a few moments' survey. He watched the slow, moving figure for a couple of minute, and then exclaimed— " There is a large camp down there, I think. We might take a ' lunar'." The " lunar" meant apparently that the party should reconnoitre the aborginal camp, for, headed by the captain, they moved away down the side of the hill which led to it. A low scrub afforded indifferent cover for a portion of the distance, and then a belt of forest ran into the valley. Without diffi- culty Preston and his companions managed to get within a quarter of a mile of the camp, and obtain a full view of it. There were upwards of thirty aboriginals to be seen, of whom more than half were gins and picaninnies. Most of them were reclining or sitting against the rough sun- shades which had been erected. " Have a look at that fellow standing near the palm on the right," Preston said to Barrows, handing him at the same time the telescope. The mate of the Lucinda took a long view at the person indicated, and then, turning to the captain, exclaimed in a deep voice and with a strange pallor on his bronzed face : " By Heavens, Preston, that's a white man !" Silently Preston took the telescope again from his companion, and looked earnestly at the unconscious object which had attracted the absorbed attention of the two men. He was standing motionless near a huge kianga, or " blackboy," a magnifient and useful species of palm which grew in the locality. His appearance was quite different from any of the dusky group which were around. He was clad in a rough garment of kangaroo skin, whilst all the others were quite nude, and his beard was at least a foot long. His face, too, though bronzed and weather- beaten, was many shades lighter than those of his companions. As the telescope brought him within a few feet of the observers there was no mistaking the fact that he was a white man, and as Preston lowered the glass he said with something of awe in his man- ner : — " Do you think, Barrows, it can be Leichhardt ?" The mate looked puzzled, for a few moments, and then answered :— " Well, it might be, yet I scarcely dare think so. It is seventeen years since tidings were heard of Leichhardt or his party, but if it is not the leader of that ill-fated expedi- tion, it must surely be one of the followers. No other white man could be in such a posi- tion." " That is why I am certain it is either Leichhardt or one of his men. They have been traced as far as the Sturt Range, and it would not be very difficult to get this far. Once here, the only thing to do would be to fraternise with the blacks and live with them. We must find out the mystery some- how," Preston replied. " That may not be an easy matter. Do you not see the tribe is on a fighting ex- pedition. They are painted with white clay, and must belong to the Ngurla tribe which is one of the worst in the district. I fear they would show strong fight against so small a party," the mate said. " Let us go back to the boat and get more men. A night attack will pro- bably avoid bloodshed," Captain Preston answered. " The aborginals all over the continent have a horror of night attack, especially if it is carried out in a certain manner. They firmly believe that demons or evil spirits haunt the camps under the cloak and shelter of darkness. These malign spirits slay men and women in the most atrocious manner possible, and as a rule in tribal wars one hostile body will not attack the other during the middle of the night. Even when two hostile camps are pitched half a mile from each other no sentries are placed. The whole body will squat round the fires until 10 or 11 o'clock, and then go to sleep until within an hour of day- break, when the attack is usually made. The dread of ghosts is so great that even in the burial customs of the aboriginals it is recognised. Before being placed in the grave, smoke dried, or put on the stages, according to the different customs of various tribes, the arms and legs of the corpse are securely tied with rushes or strings made from sinews of wild animals. The finger nails are frequently torn off, and the hair singed. Even after all these pre- cautions to prevent the spirit of the deceased rising, the tribe does not feel secure. Various incantations are practised and small sticks placed upright in the ground around the camp fire to keep the ghostly visitants at a respectful distance. Preston and his mate knew something of these superstitious notions, and resolved to take advantage of them. Before going they scanned the camp. The strange white man was still motion- less beside the kianga, whilst most of his sable companions were asleep outside their gunyahs. Though naked, even the men were ornamented. Some of them if wore feather plumes on their heads, with pearl shells depending from a girdle round their waists. The females were adorned with small pellets of transparent gum suspended from locks of their rough woolly hair. Hanging on some of the adjacent trees were several nets made from spinifex fibre, whilst around the smouldering fire lay some wooden scoops and conch shells. It was now 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and after a keen glance at the camp sur- roundings Preston gave the order to return. With little difficulty this was done, and at 6 the party were once more on the Lucinda. Little time was spent there, as it was neces- sary to get back to the hill before night fell. Six more men were selected, and with the number augmented to ten both the captain and the mate considered the force amply sufficient for the purpose intended. It was seven o'clock when they set out again for the peak, and when darkness enshrouded the locality the party had gained its summit. Below, in the valley, a large fire gleamed brightly, for the aboriginals had no suspicion that an enemy was near. As the gloom deepened the fire blazed up, and the watchers on the summit of the hill could clearly see the shadowy outlines of the aboriginals grouped around it. On more than one occasion the form of the white man, easily distinguishable by the rug he wore, was observed. Shortly after 10 o'clock, after a short con- sultation with Barrows, the captain gave the signal to move cautiously down on the unsuspecting aboriginals. The Malays, who are naturally blood thirsty, were strictly enjoined not to shoot or offer violence unless in self defence. The only desire of Preston was to, if possible, cap- ture the strange white man, for he felt assured a mystery hung over him, and that he was being kept by the blacks against his will. It was arranged that Barrows, with half the Malays, should skirt round to the opposite side of the camp, and at a given signal both parties should rush in and se- cure the prisoner. If resistance was offered it might be necessary to use force, but that would be a last resort. It must be confessed that the real object of Preston and Barrows in their attempted rescue of the supposed prisoner was not altogether an unselfish one. Whilst desirous of assisting one whom they considered of their race from his bondage, it occurred to both that a white man who ap- parently had spent many years in the loca- lity must be-possessed of some valuable in- formation regarding its resources. He would probably be able to verify the fairy tales of wealth, or say that they were mere phantoms of imagination born of the super- stitious Unknown. No white man had ever trod that region lying to the back of the Victoria river, except, indeed, Leichhardt or some of his party still survived. Strange legends had reached the ears of Preston and his mate, and also many of the seamen who cruised round the north- west coast of the continent. It was said that natives had been seen at different times in the Kimberley district possessed not only of gold, but also arrayed with orna- ments formed of magnificent rubies and other precious stones. Imagination conjured up Golcondas and El Dorados as existent within that vast hidden territory, and many a day-dream had been dreamt by the hardy men who were gradually creeping round the treacherous coast, founding the nuclei of settlements, that wealth immeasurable lay within it. This view was shared to the utmost by the master and mate of the Lucinda. (To Be Continued.) 