SHREDS AND PATCHES. (BY AnGUs.) When Sir Philip Fysh went down from Jerusalem to sAcrFIciED Jericho-no, I mean on from Waratah to scARIFIED. Corinna-he had for his companion Mr Bernard Shaw, and the guileless, unsuspecting secretary of the Central Board of Health. Should he ever go again there is a Maultonian vow registered that he will have to seek other associates. It was the first time the secretary had tried the pigskin, for years. Good easy soul, his acquaintance with leather was confined to the stuffed chair in his office. When he arrived at IIeazle wood rumour says that it was a work of art getting off and on. The road was rough, the way was cold, The rider he was getting old, His horse an angular, three-cornered bay, Had truly seen a better day, And as he lurched the pigskin o'er His bones all ached and skin was sore. However, the worst part of the track was after leaving the Whyte River, and in ascending the Bald Hill Many a gasp and grunt and groan Escaped his lips as he thought of home. But it was after the worst of the road was covered and the party began to push on that he peaked entirely. Rumour also says that they lifted him down tenderly, laid him by the roadside and then sent a cart back for him, and that the party was delayed two whole days waiting till repairs were effected by the means of a few sheets of plaster. He was a horny-handed son of toil in the mountain townp KNOCK HIM ship of Bischot orF where they have one HIs PEnCH. especial grievance at present-the quarrel over the Emu Bay road. The Minister of Lands had been up there, and they could get no good out of him; in fact, as one old tinfinder in oilskins and a sou-wester declared, he didn't know tin ore from a bit of mullook, and when Mr H. Dobson paid a visit there lately they were under the impression that he would fix the thing up in two twos. Walk ing up to the ex-Premier he said, " Good day, Mr Dobson; I suppose you are going to give us that thirty odd miles of road back again, ain't yer P" The ex-Premier then had to explain that he had no power to do so, that Sir Edward Braddon was Premier now; and the old veteran broke out with " Why didn't yer leave him where he was in England P What did yer fetch him out here for again to come and give our road to. them Emu Bayers for? Knock him off his perch, Mr Dobson, knock him off his perch, and gie us our road back again. If yer can't do it with the mates yer got in Hobart, send up for us Bischoff boys and we'll soon settle his hash. But mind, if we makes you Premier yer has to gie us them thirty mile of road again." Naturally the ex- Premier wished there were a few Bisohoff boys in the House during the coming ses sion. The refrain of a popular song in the. Melbourne pantomime. AND A Djir. Djin; goes " Tral GOOD JUDGE lal ly-e-ter, you're Too. a - liar - too," and according to files of the Argue it seems to. have furnished a text for two knights of the long robe in Smellbourne. 'Twas a police court case, and one lawyer sail to the other, " You're a liar." The magistrate asked him to apolo gise. " I would your Worship, but how can I when I have told the truth P" replied the veracious and logical six-and-eight. Our local P.M., who is as fair, not to add and as fat, as they make 'em, was asked what he would have done under the circumstances, and not a whlst or a tielc behind, he replied, "I would have said ; ' Policeman take these gentlemen outside--and I'll hold the watch.'" Some time since a dispute between two residents of a town BLACK not a hundred mileo from on Deloraine was being WVHITE. argued out before a bench of "potent, grave and reverend signiors." The, court Bible had done service for ma.ny years, and the none too cleanly haide of many witneesses had left their markse u~pon it. One of the parties, an individual of excitable temperament, had a none too exalted opinion of the other's veracity, and to test it handed him the open Bible. "What colour's the inside of that book sir ?" queried the excited one. " Black" was the ready reply. "' There you are your worships," exclaimed the querist. " The inside of that book's white, and he says it's black I knew he'd swear white was black." " Pardon me," was the quiet response. "The inside of the book vas white, but it is now black. I hold therefore I'd be perfectly right in swearing that black was white. The threepenny bit is the beta noir of church collectors and AN InnR- not a few others. It :PInESSIBLN " bobs up serenely" at COIN. the collection hour, and is a source of comfort and joy to the congregation, but a pest worse than the codlin moth, cherry slug, woolly aphis, and cottony cushion scale all rolled into one in the eyes of the minister. The Long fordites I should class as a people strong on the threepenny bit, that is provided the versatile scribe, yolept " Longford Notes," is correct in what he confided to Examiner readers during the week concerning the concert given by the Blind Musicians in the place where he holds sway. The town was extensively supplied with posters on which the public were exhorted to " help the blind to help themselves." The unsophisti cated residents rolled up extensively to the show and paid their " silver coin " admission money like Britons, but when the collection boxes came to be investigated no less than 150 threepenny pieces made their presence felt. The monotony was, however, varied a little by some of the coins being adequately ventilated with holes. The musicians, I hear, have since dubbed Longford "the town of the big gooseberry and the little threepenny bit." He was a nice young fellow, some called him "Cholley" UNANSWRI1ABLE and some didn't, just LOGIC. as some people take Swallow and Ariel's for lunch and some don't. She was a fortune teller with pretty face, winsome ways, and delicate touch. He had his fortune told more than once. One day she predicted he was extrava gant, he denied the soft impeach ment. " Trifles light as air . Confirmation strong as proof of Holy Writ, etc., etc." She floored him without going to Holy Writ. " Proof you want P Well you have it. You have already wasted two or three half crowns in having your fortune told." The nice young fellow left softly sighing.) " 'Tis better to bave loved and lost, than never to have loved at all," We were taught at school that two into one would not go, but Two now "things are not what INTo they seem," as the man said ONr. who received a floral tribute for his wife's newly-made grave,the wreath havingthe following card attached:--" With Mrs B's. deep sympathy," and in the corner, " At home on Tuesdays." Nowadays, paradoxical as it may appear, two can go into one and leave one over -to wit a hansom cab, two inside and one on the roof. Moreover, a man may edit a paper and be an M.P.-two offices in one man. He can get himself interviewed by his own paper, say all sorts of nice things about himself, contradict all imaginary reports, re - contesting visionary seats where he hasn't a ghost of a show, and puff political amoke galore to envelop his constitu ents. Asthe poet says Verily um, verily ah. Rickety Bob for a shaker, Oh, this life is awfully rum; it terribly puzzles the Quaker. Strange things may happen to a man in Tasmania. I-IHe may go to Parliament, he may go to gaol, but in any case he has a refuge in the Launceston Municipal Council Cowper speaks of the "two kings of Brentford," but we doubt A REGAL if the rivalry between them DISPUTE. was any keener than that between the two kings on the North-West Coast. At present there are all the elements of what in ancient times would have proved a very pretty feud between the Bis choffites and the Burnieites over the main road question, and were it not for the existence of the permanent defence force of seven men we should doubtless hear of the march of an army of mountaineers to attack the coastal ltribe. Indeed it would not require much now to cause the smouldering elements toburst out into a flame,and although various sugges tions have been made the solution seems as far off as ever. One of the most practical is that the two chief tains should meet half-way and settle the matter by claymore and dirk, pistols and coffee, or pitch and toss, as their inclinations, lead them and it may come to that yet. In the mean time it is likely to split the elector ate into two factions at the coming election, and lead to Wellington being virtually disfranchised for ahother session, 