THE RESURRECTIONISTS. BY CUTrus. [Written expressly for " The Guardian."] In times gone past the British Go vernment was exceedingly sparing in the nurture or advancement of medical science. The " pear," likely, was not ripe for furthering that, oljet t; and certainly the ruinous struggles between sovereigns and their peoples--the first for absolute power, and the other for political and religious liberty-left no space for the softening or mellowing of the mind or the study of humanity or philanthrophy. The acerbities, also, of party, and the wholesale corruption of the ruling one, sharpened the hatred and distrust of each other, till by de grees, after long and bitter suf'ering endured, that decorum which regulates public procerdure and instils into the human breast respect and honor, and sincerity and kindrness, a marked and improved life dawned, which rapidly spread its network into everything for benefit and improvement of the world. It was in these stormy periods that the medical prlofession was supplied with " subjects" for the universities, col leges, and private study and practice; and the blackened media that were the agents and actors in the supply figured under- the ghastly nomena!ature of this article. But these raiders of the dead were not in many cases satisfied with the remains in the receptacle of the burial grounds; they attacked the living, and resorted to murder. The memorable case of Burke and IHare, two Irislhmen who had located themselves in the Cannongate of Edinburgh, exposed the horrible business, and these would-be lodginghouse keepers, one may say, demolished the occupation. In every burgh, town, and city in Scotland a count- racting 'crusade was established for the suppression and de tection of thle grave-yard irobbers, this not only Ieing sanctioned but called into existence by the Legislature, and ze'alously enforced by the local authori ties. Every burgher and burghess be tween the ages of 1S and 60 had to l keep watch and ward," and the lists of those who had to " mount guard" were yearly revised. Four burghers had to take their rotation for the period of one week, or three nights in each week, or one night alternately with the -other two, with au actual service of seven days-or rather nights. Each grave-yard had a small but ecomfortatlie watch house, which was supplied with fuel, light, and accoutre inents, the latter comprising pikes, guns, swords, and pistols. The men on duty were expected to muake an hourly round, one meeting the other; and also to make a close inspection as they proceeded. Every new interment was a special object of the .watchlnen's care, and it was the duty of the senior burgh oliicer to see that the watch was duly set every night. On the occasion of a cold, dark, ing night in Ma-rch, 1818, the threat watch was duly set, in the watch-house of a northern burgh, where the usual no ticehud been posted informing the guard that the remains of a lady had been ititerred that day. This lady had long been an invalid tiand was affuected with a very peculiar disease. and was thus a likely mark for. the " thdy-snatchers." The two hurghesses on duty that night were named Cant and Gillen, both men of respectma,ility and in the prime of life. 'l'hey connuenced a friendly con versation, and it eventually drifted into the subject of ghosts and spirits. Cant asked his brother watchman .what hlie eally thought of the question, as the belief in these was, he thought, fast dying out. Although he put the question in that shape, he had an in ward belief in ghostly apparitions; hut it was inmore to test the opinion of his companion. Gillon repliedt: " I think that isa subject that is not suitalle for our pre sent position, and ought not to he in troduced here. Now, suppose we both believed in it, and if we saw anything approaching the appearance of a ghost or spirit, would we not ie in a very sorry predicament? A.gain, suppose that neither of us lelievedl in them, we would be in a far better position to grapple with time supposed pbjects, uand secure the material wretch that has no sympathy for the feelings of others." Cant: " There is considerable astute ness in your reasoning ; but you have not stated your belief. It is not rea soning pro. and con. sn to what the result of a vision would be, but whether you believe in the actual existence and visitation of the spirits." Gillon: "Well, as you have left me no option, I may at orice say that I do not believe in the mnsitation, although I believe that all have a spirit but that it does not return to the world. Now, what is your belitef " Cant : " I may frankly say that 1 dot believe in their visitation of the world,. and that they assume various forms,: nut particularly that of the period they departed from earthly existence." Gillon : " Perhaps, then, the spirit of the deceased lady may give us a visit to- night, so you had better Ie on the look-out. Thie time for our first round is up. so if you go round the north side of the church I wvill'go by' the south, and meet at the new grave." This was done, all being found still and serene, and they returned. Both having lit theiri pipes again, the con versation was resumned, and Gillon asked his companion if he could adduce a single instance of a visitation, and duly attested and proved. Cant: " I think I can adduce more than one instancet hut 'if I describe one, I may likely coh'veri you to my belief-4' " Gillon (interruptiige) :"Y'' ou need not saiy you.can convert nie to ~your belief, as it is not such a lIng time Bince.I was con.erted from your' belief to my present one' but notwithstand "ing, I shall find some amusemin?ot in your story. " Cant : " Very well. I had a near relative who lived about 15 miles from our place at Bergen, in Norway. This relative had taken suddenly ill, and a messenger arrived at our house request ing my immediate attendance. The ground was covered with snow, but my brother and ,I set off about miduight, and hurried as fast as possibhl oni the way. In rounding a sharp turn of the road, where more than ordinary gloom, deepened the silence and darkness, a sudden flash of light disclosed the ap parition of my relative, which called out in a faint but pure voice-' You need not go farther. Come in here and help me, as I am all but gone.' 'My God ! Fred,'I exclaimed, ' do you see and hear that ?' Fred answered that he did neither. ' Look again,' said I; but yet he maintained he saw nothing. ' Let us go into the place,' said I, ' and we shall see, for I think you are only befooling me--' " Gillon: "Well done, Fred ! You are disproving your own allegation." Cant: " Wait till you know the facts before heing biassed--" At that moment there appeared at the window of the watchhouse a spectre looking object with pale, livid features, or the outlines of such, with a convul sive contortion of the lineaments, draped in. a white covering; while thei the whole surface was rendered the more hideous by the apparent sul phuric indications dancing over it. Canit: "Gracious heavens ! do you :re that, Mr. Gillor, at the window ?" And on drawing his companiion's at tention to it., retreated to the back of his seat, groaning and uttering fright encued ejaculations. Gillon : " You silly man I What are you frightened at? Can't you take your pistols and go rand ha'e a shot at it?" Laying down his pipe, he took his own weapons and opening the door cautiously made for the window on tip-toe. On getting there the vision or whatever it was had: disappeared and on returuning inside, ihe fouxnd Gant huddled up ini the corner into which he had gone when Gillon-wen&t; out. Gillon : " You aro a watchlnidn' in deed ! I'm positive it was no ghost, as I heard the footsteps.. GeGt up at once, and let us make a search for the auda cious rascal who has tried such a trick. I think I can iiiasure the design, but let us lo:-e no further time." Cant was so overcome that Gillon had recourse to the supply of whisky which was stored in the cupboard ; and ifter a generous supply of the stitnu lant Gillon thought his companion would then hie tit to "face the devil." IlHwever, Cant could not he persuaded to venture out, and told his companion to go by himself. Gillon: " I feel positive we have have had a visit front either of those scoundrels Mortar, Dickie, Badger, Strachan, or Youle, or all of them." (To be continued.) 