GHOSTS. Moonlight, in a familiar room, falling so white upon the carpet, and showing all its figures so distinctly, making every object so minutely visible, yet so unlike a morning noontide visibility, is a medium the most suitable for a romance-writer to get ac- quainted with his illusive ghost. There is the little domestic scenery of the well known apartment, the chair, with each its seperate individuality; the centre-table, sustaining a work-basket; a volume or two and an extinguished lamp; the safe ; the book-case ; the pictures on the wall—all these details, so completely seen, are so spiritualised by the unusual light that they seem to loose their actual substance, and become things of intellect. Nothing is too small or trifling to undergo the change, and acquire dignity thereby. A child's shoe ; the doll seated in her little wicker carriage; the hobby-horse; what- ever, in a word, has been used or played with during the day is now invested with a quality of strangeness and remoteness, though still almost as vividly present as by daylight. Thus, therefore, the floor of our familiar room has become a neutral terri- tory, somewhere between the real world and fairy-land, where the actual and imaginary may meet, and each imbue it- self with the nature of the other. Ghosts might enter here without affrightening us. It would be too much in keeping with the scene to excite surprise, were we to look about us and discover a form, beloved, but gone hence, now sitting quietly in a streak of this magic moonshine, with an aspect that would make us doubt whether it had returned from afar or had never once stirred from our fireside. The Koh-i-Noor, or mountain of light, is stated to have been discovered in the dia- mond mines of Golconda more than 3,000 years ago. An Austrian Pompen has just been un- earthed near Zara. Zara is the capital of the Austrian province of Dalmatia. Thou- sands of coins of the Diocletian period and of other early times, rare specimens of Grecian and Roman sculpture and By- zantine architecture, were discovered along the Dalmatian shore. Amphitheatres temples, catacombs and other evidences of a busy and highly- civilised community were unearthed. 