LIT3SBATU3BJS, Literary Notes. The series of articles on 'The Reign of the Wheel in Australasia ' is continued in the August number of the Revincs of Reviews, Queens land and South Australia being the colonies treated of. The wanderings of Mr. S. 11. Plover, which covered over 10,000 miles on hie bicycle in inland Queensland, between January, 1891, and July, 1895, have a prominent place in the Queens land article. In the far back country many of the inhabitants had never seen a bicycle, and the tracks left by the wheelman were a source of much mystification. One man came into a township to report that be had seen tracks out back which could only have been accounted for by th' hypothesis of a ghost pushing a wheelbarrow, and a tribe of blacks were reduced to consternaticl at a series of tracks round a clay pan. which were unlike anything within thei; comprehension. The journeyings of Mr an-? Mrs. Lowther, of Stainburn Downs station, who, with 401b. and 501b. of luggage on each machine, travelled through Muttaburra and Hughenden to Norm an ton and the Gulf, covering 7 12 miles in 15 days, are referred to, and it is claimed that the bicycle is proving ' a perfect solution of the dry stage problem in the far west and north west.' In the Australasian Photographic Review for August, which reaches us from the p blishers, Messrs. Baker and Rouse, the editor, Sir. E. J. Welch, has compressed much matter of interest; ta the photographic cult. There are two beautiful blocks by tbe Electric Photo Engraving Company, from photos, by Messrs. R. H. Holden, Kiama, and M. V. Murphy, Sydney, the water effects in the latter being very fine. /. From the publisher, Mi-. T. Dimmock, of West Maitland, through Messrs. Alexander Cowan and Sons, we have a little paper-covered volume en titled ' Fragments — Poems,' by E. L. Suharkie. There is a good deal of music in some of Mr. Scharkie's verse, and much poetic imagery, but the fault is that the imagery is sometimes involved and the metaphors mixed. Mr. Scharkie's wort shows promise, and its imaginative quality makes one regret that it has not had the editing which would have removed many crudities. But then a good editor would have advised the poet not to publish yet, but to work and wait for greater maturity. In the Wiitdsor Magazine for August, which comes to us from the agents, Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, the features of greatest interest out here will be ' The Australian Cricketer,' an article on ^ the ninth team, by Fred A. M'EZenzie, and one on the Guild Hall School of Music, wherein many Australians study. According to the cricket article Giffen has declared this to be his last visit to England. There arc no total abstainers in the team, who are also all smokers. Mr. Musgrove's management and the performances of the team are both eulogised. 