THEY t saythtirifetUinfii g trosienty isi coming inm-iththetNew Year,' and one.of the sur'estidicatiions-is-thit th'e gocers and drapers have done- betteri during the past month"'tlan was thB case for the corresponding period of the-former-year. It:is quite possible.that is the reason why -. the one- little fellow called out to, another' iga~~j' ]1bila bo"n1?1 !,' isay Bill,IMothe.'s1 . got a new shirt for me, Give us a- piece of your cake an' i'llet youseeit'; I -1 SThey say that the ýman arouind whom most speculation haiigs politically, is- Mr Trenwith.- He leads the Labour Party .,,but-:heBlas soieery.coltishfollowers. Mr.Hancock kicks over at the smallest in-; citement't,"IndMrPrendergast will d. it without'any'.The ruiour goes that Mr j STrenwith loves his cause more than his followifig,,.a .(f'u :'i-?.....".'O-.. t -They say that the new road along the I river willibe very expensive to maintain f in the iiiter, as the bottom is so spongy t that it will not sustain:the pitching sat, on t .edge. "Roiiaiakers say" the 'foundationi pitchers should,have been laid upon the l . flah ." Meafnwhile' traffic is increasing rapidly over the new bridge. * They say that-now the Christmas is over we shall hear very.little more of '.* ,Tirlkey'and' Greece for ': while. That may be true so far as Christendom is con-" i -..cerned;-butr the Turkey in Europe is in a p bad way, and wants plucking. and cutting al to ~up'iiito properly nifaiagegd portionis, or else Ij .we will see it rent asunder.and devoured eq 'by ther wildi aiimials' nad 'birds of prey bi .which surround it. The lion, bear rnd bh iauglerithK'oniehi ei'ii two are all ready 'tr S'for a share of.the carcase.,. ' ,thb -I.;,'iesa~y:s:thae.railwayasJ.ad ?aereater' a traffic dusiing the lidays tlha 'tfon he wi for?er year, b-ft.the year's returns as a .n *hole show an inmmense falliig -off in di , general traffic and returns.: -Will the,pro- ru posed 'new Board of Trustees do better su than the others have done, the Harbor fa -andth'e-aMet'rpolitan iBoerd iand\echo ' anwers&"'rIo'very dubiousi'.""" In They say ;whenithiey.see:the i gay -bikes ni flashing, along the streets, frightening the li Sold ladies and timid gentlemen, "Why th not put a ta iipion the pcsk'tlhings that y . areukon you. before'they.can be heard?", us Ieh suciaitax ansd1 ith fihd it an excellent- paying.one,- over B; £100,000 for last year and'growmin mre bh yearly. . .. T .ThbeyltI 'itl i never too late It" omend,; and that we might-follow the- example of th our Williamstown ,friends,, who got the er Governi'is ycht ( hi~'not spell it 'yat' ?) th to liist'th'ei Fwiharf for public inspection, ch . and with:a'zrchaarge of sixpence realised th nearly £40 for. the local hospital. The pe 'yat' is engaged foriTismania,i but, some to of our public magnates should try to get .W the promise of.its visit to Footscray to Ni "':aitl"oad'b? diis' Benev~ilemt Society, which 5~' siorel ii wanti of ffs 'i ". , '-Th'eyii.isa that if His ,Exiellenicy vould 'i'^r . ntt e uise of the Suiibeamnfor: a sail ' ro iidtle bay, and .if. tickets.were? issued ;o.fi ?ai.igreat a- number, as Icould:.be: coo -fortably.:accommodated; that even if the i.tickets .were half a guinea each they would sp. ?? :be applied for teri'times over by the toffs, th who would be'ableýto say ever afterwirds of "Wheh I went to Aea!n the Gov'nah's sei yaught-dont-yertknow; ' .Thisa sort of ho thing would be a perfect Pactolus for the oft charitieesi.! ':" " bu ";.a They:~.ty.thba Clement-or rather in- zel Clement--Wragge, Queensland's weather pr 'ini, is''aout the only Aussiralian who has sti the distinction oif bliing recognised as a Ju mprophetinhis own-doBi try,"r'Heifra- inl made a life-study of this continent's thi atmospheric conditions, starting at an wa early age in the S.A. meteorological an departmentj. under Sir Charles Todd. inl Wragge is one of the most ordinary look- shi ing men, without the slightest preteitions ne of "side," abd as shabbily dressed 'is a to wayback woodsman.' He 'holdAs-'i as a storm discoverer. 1 He .is k English and Amiericat scientific"' the "Wet Wragge.'.:o* q,.p , They say that; Gove9rnor ?' good-.tine :n i Balharataiiyt visit. - .story as told in con/" His Excellenicy' first appearan - street whichimiy not be true, but repeating. Ballarat is fainous statues.. There is in:Stirt'street'a of -everybody 'of :confsequence, and of Wd several people of no consequence at all. lyrd"'Br1asSy. id'his part wer-, diivhei ipr tFdrwn Liddiird. treetand ifitd- tie statub pr strewn main thoroughfare with a great a sweep. and,everyone',turned ,teir eyes cet upon His 'E cellency tob note; tile effe'ct: wit "Ah!" said His Lordship, "very fine- in very fine indeed ! Tlis is the cemetery, I presume.'A Then the band:played. ,. *.Y?, They say'tht' theghst of Izaik Waltii ;4was to be:seen one nightlaat week. sitting -on the roof of the premises occupied by a local contemporary, with his line dangling over the doorway.. He' was probably fishing for the scribe who referred to a chorus of-.mimic sailors at a recent school ' ' concert las sA' followers obf the -immortal angler. *If the ghost-of Izaakis unsuccess ful at the :pot 'mehitioned hesh'ould try a ' . little further ddwn~ithei tream''--:-',' -' - 