Kniltisni. TO THE KD1TOII, \- Sir,— Touching tho subject ot/lhptlsm, upon whioh a dliouBslon has lately bcon hold in tho pages of llio « Wellington TimoH ' by Boveial non-Otthollo wrltuis, nnd In response lo tho dcslro ot many of your readers that tho. dootrlnj and pmotleo of llio ttiiliollo Chureh on the samo subjeet Bbould be stitcd by mo, I venture, with your kind permission, lo explain tho Onthnllc doctrine on tho sub ject nt Clulfltlan Biiptlim, I need not siy tliat I am not writing for thn pagnn, or In lldol, or the scollur, who do not boUovu In tbo Ohrhti in rull|{i-in— liut tor thoie ot your rendors who lloliovu In llm leichlnus nf Holy Wr|t, who accept, the Old nud New Tetln mcnls us tho Inspired Word of Ool, who ba llcvu fn Ihu fall of lira humnn meii by Ihu sin of Adam from their priniilivo Innocence, nnd In tho Incarnation of tho Sin of Owl nud tho redemption nf the humnn rnco by His doith nndoruilflxlon on Cnlvary. ' . . Ilnptlsm Is n sacraraonl of tlio now law Instituted by our Divine. Saviour for tho cleansing from orl/lnnl tin— making Uiobu who recoive it mumlmis of tho Church estab lished hy our Lnnl and hclis to Ihu Kingdom of Heaven. Original sin la distinguished from actual, or peiKiiml sin, because nctual, or personal, Bin l« ilia sin which wo person ally, with our onu Irco will, commit ; whilst nrlviiinl sin Is Hint sin which our human nntu ro has committed with llm will of Adam, In whom all our human Juturi; was Included, and with whom our liutunn nituro Is united — ns a branch to thu root.' ns u child to np parent, ns men who psi take with Adam tho name mithro which we huvj deilvod from him, nnd as tncmbois ol tho Bnnie humnn rurally of which Adam was tho IimiI. Thu illlTerenco that cxiilB between' original nnd personnl sin Is, that tho litter Is committed wllh the will phyalcidly our own ; whilst orfufnnl sin Is cummittcd wllh a will physi cally of another, and only morally our own, hcc.iu)-j It forms with .thnt othur (Adnm) who li our hend ono mornl hoily. If uur hand strike a fullow-crcnturo uniuslly, tlipugli the hand has llsalf no will, yet It !- consMcreil guilty ] not, inducil, ns viowcil reparnlcly hy itself, bit inasmuch as II Is united to the rest of the Irndy nnd to lira soul, forming ono human being therewith, nml thus sharing in the trill of I bo sou I with which il h 'connected. Ot the original »ln in which we nrc born wo. me not personally guiliy with our own .personal will, but our nature 1* guilty ot it by thu will of Adnm. our head, and with whom wo form one moral txxly through the huranu nature, which we ileilve. from him. It Is n point of Catholic Faith that orlglnsl sin ilous not consist in wlmt is cnlled concu piscence, which i«n propensity to evil of the nfiilor nnri of Ihe human soul. Tho teach Inu ot ihu Council of Ticnl (Sc«s. V ) (h coii limml by the wotdi of St. Paul— '? Where fore, ns by onu man, s.n entered Into this w,, rlil, and by tin Is death ; and -n iknlh pnsfi'd upun nil men, in whom nil hnre sinned' (Rnmaiw, v., 12). Tho lenrned FntWr nf thu Eurly Church (St. Augustine) rnlil lo Pulngliu, the heri'llc,'! did not In vent original -in, which Cnthollo fnilh linlds from unck-iit lima, but thou ivhi dcnlcst it— thou, without doubt, nit a new hcrjtlc' (!)--? NuplUw, l.lh. xi , 11!). Vollnlre, tho French inllilul, con'ustes' thai tho full of man is th' bnsi: of t Im tliiinlo^y of nenrly nil nncfuiit IHWpIil ' (I'bll, of Illstmy, c»p. xvil.) Our Divine Saviour hnving rLilceincd the wotldby Hisdeath upon the croso, applies ti.u fruits of His IWlon to our souIh by the holy FncrmueulB Instituted by Him. B:ipll,m la a Kicnuiiiiil iireen-nry for nil, nml without which no onu can emur the Kingdom of Heaven. ' Amen, amen ; 1 wy to you, un less a mnn bu .born au»in of water .ami tho Holy Ghost, he cannot entnr into Ihe King dom of God ' (St. John, ill., ?'?). Hence, it wns not enough for Siul of Tanus, converted on Ibc road to D;iiii«jcih (Acts, ix., 18), to believe, or Tor lira Chamberlain of Queen Cnndnce, met on I lie rond by Philip, thu dea con (Acls, vlil., 38). They hml to bo bap tised in order lo obtnfn rtiniolnn of their sluj, and thus to \n in thu »ny ot salvation ; therefore In ihe Nictnc Ciccil wo siy— ' I nckuowled|!R 'lie Implixui fur the remission of hIuj.' Mailyrdoni aiippliun the plnco of ordinary baptism, '' wo we In ihe case of tho holy innocents, baptised in their own blood fur Christ's sake. In order to receive baptism worthily, adults must believe nnd profots thuir belief In tho iiccnwy arliclrs of Ihe ChrHinn faith, trust in Ihe merits and mercy of Christ, nnil bo sorry tor ineir bins, in uupiism an inrnntu, wthout nny deposition on their part, are cleanscil from original sin — aro re ife-acratcd — fi horn ngaln of wnter and t' c Holy Ghost ' (Si. John, 111., 3). As they have contracted the -lnin of fin without their knowledge, thoy nro ficcd from »lu without their knowledge hy Ihe iuldnw power of tho Sacrament of Baptism— as divines my—fjr nnrre njimtto. As hy the Civil law Infants nrc made heirs In earthly property before they ure capable uf consenting 'o re ccivu I', m nlwi In biptlam they aru mmlu I heirs of Heaven nllhout ihelr conswit, mid Ihrough tlm faiili of Ihe Church. The Ann baptists rcfui-u bnptlim to infants ns not having the use ot maon, saying they aro in cnpablo of real belief »nd -ulviitimiiiind they nuole tlii words of our lur.l.'Mle that bc lieveth nr.d l« topllnol rh .11 be enral. He Hint h'jlieveih not sha'l lio condenuied ' (.Mark xri., Hi) Or.inililithatin Ilia text quoted adults arc muniii who aro capable of actual faith, Infants reci.lv.! the praeo ot the sacrament tliroogh Ilic fnilh of the Church j and as they contract oi'giusl sin without any fault of their owu, It I* lml Jurt Ihey should receive! thd falili c.r Clnlst infu»nl by the ffll jnoy of the siicramciil— for, iib St. Aii(!i» line saj-B,' They nre slek ly nnother'n sin s they nro hcnled by another's confession nnd nroMved.' Our Lord «iys In St. Matlhcw (xvlil, II), 'Suffer lltlla children to come unto moj fqrol such ?is the Kingdom of llc.v TlTiiaVsflinlls Church' has rveclvod it as a tradition from tbo A p 8' leu who hud preached the gospel, and tanght the uatluna iiccc«iulc to her nil the truths nnd practices ot thu Chrlitiau relinlpn br/urr thr .Vbio Tnlmncnt him cm«in!cd,i-r ran in mnnmrri/it, that 111 (mils s'luuld be b^jilltwl. This we learn un mistakcably from the writings ot the rnrllrxt Fathers of tho Church-(()rlgen, T. 2, V. 2.'.) —St. Ironiuuf, Tertiillluii, St. Orriwry Nn/.i mut'U, St. Ambrnsu, Cjprlnn, nnd .lu^u-iliif. The Clmrcli wns priur in thu New I'extnmcnt, nnd gives us; the lmilltioim and Inrsons ic celveci from Us Divine Konndcr's own inutilli. Ilcuco the decree of the holy GjuucII of Trent, assembled to condemn thu Lutheran hereilw, says— 'If anyone shnuld tay that children having receive. I bnpilim should not bu urimbcred among the fuilhful becnusc they Imvo not nctual fulth, and thcref.iro when they come lo jcats of discretion that they ilinuld bo rcbnpllscd, or that It is betlcr'to omlt'baptimi than to hapllsc in lira full h of tho Church alone Ihoso who luvc not actual fulth— let him bo nnn thpmn.' Th »ay, therefore, because thnrn Is no plain nnd explicit text nt scripture for any par ticular practice or ductrlnu held nnd taught by lira Oharch from the lint days of Christi anity, that the doctilnc is false, li not sound theology. Where la theluxt uf surlpture authorising our BunJay lo bu the ChiU'ian Sabbath imtcsd of tho Saturday of tho Bible I Whcro la tlie text aulhurlslng Iny mon to confer bnplUm, nnil even women In caic of necessity .' The Human Catholic Chuich always taught nud practised Infant baptism. The. Russian Schismatic Obiirch, before its sovcronco from Homo, taught fl, nnd docs so lo this day. All tbo Bopurulud churches of tho Enit tench this doctrine. and it is tho faith and pracljoe'of llio Anglican Clmroli from Its origin to Ihe present day. Wo read in Ihe Acls of thu Apostles that St. Paul baptised l.villa anil hur whole houBchohK-or Mnlly (-vl-, 13), also the homo, or family, ot'Stophuii (I Cor. I., ID). Surely it Is more probable Hint somu, niombora of tho family were infanti than that thoy wiro all adults 1— Your', etc, M. O'Caix.uhian. : Ponlli Ilurnlo, May 27. ' 