On tbe Stockyard Fence. ? * ? : ? . (ByE. J. B.) in. JACK HEDLEY, THE BUSH DENTIST, And WHAT BEFEL. MBS- WBAVBK. f T was a man from over! j Kiackatoo way . who tola1' this story. I forget hfij' r name now, but be wore $P ' j hide vest, cut low in front, 54 and an old cabbage-tree '-' hat, with a velvet band around it He was a na tive of the niawarra. and he swore there- wae no other country like the South Coast country any where on this qualified continent. He was open to fight any carnation man, or number of men, in this scarlet colony wfiw held opposite views. He would1 fight them for any amount, according to specified rules, at any time or place. He would get up in the middle of the night to. fight them, if necessary, or he would stay awake all night and do it in the morn-i ing. It was all the same to him. He didn't care. Fighting! Fighting was the thing he fcnew.more about tban anything else, except per haps horses, or ploughing, or shingling, or shear- ' ing, or driving bullocks. He bad learned to fight before be learned bis prayers. At 7 years of age he fought eighteen rounds with a boy twice his size, and bested him. At 15 none of the grown-up men in his district would tackle him.' At 20 he could have got thousands of pounds laid on him against the world, but he preferred not to take to the game, not professionally. He preferred to be just Bitaply known as a man who could hold his own in any company. If anybody doubted the truth of these few remarks he was willing to put up a fiver right there. Nobody doubted, and the man from IH&warra;, having got the conversa tion into- his corner of the fence, treated the as semblage to a few choice reminiscences of great fighting men he had known. There was 'Jam- beroo Jack,' for examples-Jack Hedley — who fought 'Sboalhaven Sam' eighty-six rounds for | a purse of 'soverins' and the championship of the earth. At the eighty-sixth round both war riors looked as if they had been run over by a bullock dray; but the pride of Jamberoo just man aged to crawl to his feet and claim the purse. ) 'There was a funny yarn about that feller from Jamberoo (said the fighting expert). A mighty funny yarn.. Y' see, Jack Hedley was one of the biggest made men y' ever see. Stood about six foot six in his socks, an' could knock a bullick down with one blow of his fist. I see him meself drawr a cow outer a bog hole with a rope round *er horns that three strong men couldn't shift. One day Jack gets the toothache terrible bad. Went about the place roarin' like a mad bull. Wasn't any doctor round there to drawr Jack's tooth out, so he got two fellers to tie one end of a bit of whipcord -round it, and hitch the other end round a swingle-bar. Then they pulled .an' jagged on thetswingle-bar for about an hour, but it wouldn't come nohow. The whipcord breaks at last, an' Jack goes up to ther pub. an' gets jolly well drunk; and half kills a feller that jest come down from Goulburn side with a lot of cattle. That didn't do his toothache no good either, ' so he takes a bottle -of rum an' starts fer where he lived jest a little ways outer the town. What with ther grog an' ther pain in his jaw, the man was nigh on druv ravin' mad. Towards the arternoon he gets into his head a ways to get it . out. He ties- the small end of a whip thong round it — y' see. -it was -the only tooth on the lef side of the lower jaw, an' it stuck up like a lone ironbark stamp -in ther middle of a pertater paddick. Well, lie ties the fall of ther whip around that tooth an' the other ena to a rafter in ther kitchin', an' he gets'-onsthe table an' jumps off! The tooth never budgedV-an* the whip stretches an' the knot tight ens, ian* there's ine noble Jack swingin' to an' fro froni=ithe beam, with his leet about six inches off the floor! Well, he howls for help until he can't howl no longer, an' then he must a' gone to sleep. By-an'-oye an' ole woman comes across from the next farm to borry a milk dish off Jack. She goes* to the -front door, an' can't make nobody hear. Then-she gets round the back, an' findin' th*tplace-open goes inside. It was just comin' on»£usk, an' ole Missus Weaver1' spots a man hangin' from the rafter!. She 'lets one yell ^uter her, an' bolts back white asta* ghost to tell 'ole. Weaver Jack Hedley had bung/himself in the -kitchin'. Ole Weaver was just comin' np.from the dairy. ? '''What* s-up, mother?' sezs 'e. 'OhI-oh! oh!' sez the ole woman, chokin* for breath. 'God's»sake, woman! what's the matter wi' ye; has a snake bitten ye?' 'Oh! oh! oh!' sez ole Missus Weaver. 'Oh! oh! oh!' 'Hi, BUI! Bill!' he shouts. 'Yer mammay's got a fit. She's seed a ghost or somethink!' Bill Weaver comes runnin' down, an' finds the ole woman holdln' on to the fence, with her knees fcnockin' one against the other. 'Ja — Ja ? ack Hedley' . '. . she gasps. 'Ja— Ja— Ja ? ' 'What's he done to ye, mother?' says young ?Bill, pickin1 up a hay fork. 'What's he done?' shouts the ole man, grab bin' an- axe. j 'He's h— h— hung himself in the kitchin'!' groans the ole woman, turain' green an' yallar. 1 'An' I see him swingin'. Oh, good Lord! I see | him swingin' with me own eyes.' ! 'Hey, Joe! Sam! George!' yells young Bill to j the bdys up at the house. 'Come on, Jack Hen ley's been an' hung hisself in the kitchin'. Mo ther jest see him swingin'. Come along!' Away they goes down to Jack's place, not more'n the length of the paddick off, an' when they gets ter the back door each one of them Weaver boys was wlllin' for the other ter go in first. Bill still! 1 kep'theJiay fork in his hand, an' the boys sez — j 'You ? go fust, Bill, bek&se; you've got ther fork.' 'No, Mimed if I do,' sez Bill, ''ohless you chaps comes in with me.' So Sam gets hold of Bill by the coat tails, an' Joe catches Sam by the belt, an' George holds on to Joe, an' everyone of 'em, bar Bill, who was holflin* the fork in front of him like a soldier's bay'nit, lights a match, an' holds it over tfteir head with the other hand. ' ' / By jingo! they see Jack Hedley hangin' by the Whip, sure enough, quite black in the face, an* blood runnin' out of his mouth. Sam, he was religious, an' started sayin* his prayers, but he hadn't got fur before' Jack lets michia 'orrible groan, that them Weaver boys runs for ithe door in a heap, like a lot of bandicoots outer a log. ? . In the fright Joe falls an' sprains his ankle before-he can get out, an' when tie tries to get up' he can't move. Well, they say the /way that great calf, Joe Weaver, yelled when he found himself left- could be heard as far as Wollongong. Anyhow, the' noise must a' brought Jack Hedley to his senses again, for he begins to kick an' struggle, an* out comes' the tooth! . Joe hears something heavy full -thump on the floor behind him, an* roars like a stuck pig! The^other boys was movin* halfway acrost the pafldlck by this time. Jack.Hedley stumbles for the door of the Mt chtn,i.aii' falls over Joe trying to-crawl away from fcisfegbost! Jaok«gete-hol& of Mb collar! Joe ogives himself up for lost, an' roars louder thanm toad steer. There wasn't no words in Joe's yell. It was the -most oneartbly yell anybody ever heard out sideta^unatic-asylum.- - . 'What the — — ? toe matter?' Bays 'Jack, shak ing; him up. '.-.;?--? But Joe never ejaia nothlnk. He jest fainted. Jack begins to think he's got the horrors, so he drops*3oe like a hot pertater, an' starts across, the padOlck towards 'Weaver's. The. other boys had ralUed-at the fence, an' seein' somebody runnin' in.an imBteady way, thfey thinkB It** Joe. 1; By this Ume. they was toeglnnln* to be ashamed of beln' sucbVcowards. ' , Soon ae Jack comes up he sings out, 'Hello! . 'Who'fe 'there!?'!-. . ? '. '*-,.'? -V... : ? By gosh, them boyp was over that fence,, an* li^de-tJiat house lnMdejSt iHB-aeconds. - Jack oomes tip to ^todopr. after '«n .^rlth blood W^lilB,.moiith-/^^;a»:awn^:ple'jM1ssu8:- jjteayier., eaeS him »he bangi the look in :the 4odr, grabs. the,Bible,«i' eoee^ownbnherldiieeBpra^Vlike mad»*\':~ '''' . ?*'?- \\-\x- ^''-'r'y:'^ ' -., .'/}??!'%„? '? 'i--.i ?.?- - v . ?? -?? . .. Jacfc»6ingB ?$$.-.. ^-.^enC: '^p^Me ji^Ti['ib\ii they won^t.tt^ 4ny aoti^^ minutes./ .'?''.'', ,' :--'/. .?-'?'? '. . V' _'-?.?'.'?' ?'?' '??'?? Ore Weaver JsaySjin a ^halcy voice at last, 'Is that yoii, 2act Heaiey?' -^, J' ... ' ^ ?1 b(^^l?a^get,aefi0m»r8,' aaya Jack to himself.: **y«s, tysavflr,- ibn'i you Jmoirme?' 'Ain't.you dead?' 3aya Weaver. ^'yiBivar^i^j.i-pfl^^ya Jack. '1 don't think s6:'' .;;'?'.: ::*:. ' ';-?. .-.vV- ^ Vi. ', 'It's hie eperrit, ^©ayerJ' Jtowis the ole wo-1 inan. 'It's a wicked Bperrit Don't you open the Acbrr* ' ---I'^-;.,, 'IS that's Jack Heaiey in the flesh, what was you hangin' hs the beam tor, Jack?' aake tile ole 'WeJseeJWmliangln',, fajbex/'^ats in tae three boys, all together.' 'Doart-ym open the door, lather! He don't mean *«) good by tia. We see ! him hangin' dead, with- a green-hide halter round his neck!' ??'.- i. 'I dassent open the floor, Heflley,' says qle Weaver, in a mortal funk.'. 'The' ole woman's, af eared of catching cold! You better come round in the mornin'. It's a bit late for visitin' to night, anyways.' . . 'Oh! d— m it!' says Jack outside. 'Yer all gone mad, or else I got the horrors. I don't re member rightly yet what I done, bekase I had a lot of grog; but I can mind tying somethink outer me tooth, an' jumpin' off the kitchin table. I sup pose I must a' hung a bit afore It kem out. Any ways, I've left one of ther kids down below in a Hue fit— r-' o'fOh! Lord!' screams the ole woman. 'Where's 9io.e?,i He's gone an' murdered him! Open the. agOFv Weaver, an' I'll lay the Bible in front of it. If it's a wicked sperrit, it can't cross that, an' if :it's,iffack Hedley, he'd better come in ,an' let us see him. Bill, you get the gun before your father opens the door.' 'Well, Jack comes over the Bible all right, an* when they see that they was satisfied, an' went down an* carried Joe home between 'em, an' put him to bed, an' took Jamberoo Jack's tooth off'n the end of the whip. I heard 'em say it had a crooked rot on it nigh on three inches long. IV. BEN HAHE AND HIS BROTHER BILL. A BUSHRANGER'S STORY. Joe Stee&xA;&rked; a bee on a clover blossom about eighteen feet or so from the fence in a level lice. He measured his distance with precision and care, spat the insect into the hereafter, and then began the story of 'Ben Hare and His Brother BUI.' I will tell the story in a slightly different way. ? '?' ? . *. . Old Ben Hare was one of the first settlers to take up land on the mountains. He mieM have lived to be a, very old man, but for a . slight mis understanding at a funeral. It was the funeral of a gentleman who bad had a difference of opin ion with another gentleman about the ownership of some sheep. The second gentleman terminated the argument by throwing the first gentleman into the river. Being unable to swim, and the water being eighteen feet deep at that place, the first gentleman had only just time enough to come up and go down again without making any re marks of consequence. But when he was fished out they said he looked as if he were thoroughly convinced that he had been on the wrong side of the argument. After- the inquest and the wake tad been brought to a happy termination the funeral took place as indicated. Joe Steen said it was a grand sight that ? burying. The whole district — male and female — rolled up. Mourners who had no horses of their own to ride stole them from their neighbors rather than be behindhand in expressing their honest sympathy and manly grief. Others who had no saddles, and couldn't find any about to borrow, joined the procession bareback ed, with just a green-hide rein to guide their horses. One family attended In a bullock dray. No one walked. No one ever does in that part of the country. The deceased headed the cortege in a springcart, 'with a broken shaft, drawn by a white horse. The chief mourners followed in another springcart painted green, with red stripes, and, with the exception of the bullock dray, these were the only vehicles in the train. After the burying, whilst the mourners were smoking and talking in a fraternal sort of way. about the -grave, a relative of deceased introduced the subject of the original argument. A relative of the other gentleman undertook to correct some of his state ments, and as a result the funeral party became involved. A somewhat heated discussion fol lowed, in the course of which Mr. Ben Hare, sen., sustained a compound fracture of the skull and other injuries. He left a widow, three grown daughters, and two growing sons — Ben and Bill — to mourn his loss. This affecting fact was in scribed on his tombstone together with an ap propriate quotation from the Scriptures. After the old man's fatal illness his family got along the best way they could. Ben and Bill put in one crop of oats and did some clearing. They cleared as much as an acre of ground in two years, leav ing in the stumps and a few of the dead trees here and there. Then they ploughed in between this scenery, and planted more oats. The cattle broke through the 'dog-leg' fence, which they, neglected to secure, and ate this crop as fast as it came up. Ben said it was no 'd ? n use a feller tryin' to, earn an honest living in this country,' and Bill echoed the sentiments. He said 'a feller could work ail his et cetera life and never have enough to buy shoes -for a horse.' Having expressed his indignation, he -kicked the brindled pup and went and lay in the -sun smoking his new 'meerschaum. So Ben and Bill got to loun ging round in the fd&ytime; and going out a great deal at night, and stopping away from home a week or more at a time. By a mere coincidence, probably, there was always plenty of fresh meat in the house, and the pickle tub was full to over flowing. About twelve months after 'Bawley,' the working .bullock, ate the last of the oats in the clearing, Ben Hare drove a small mob of cattle over the mountains, and sold them dirt cheap to a man at Picton, and Bill Hare traded qS a lot of hides and bought a new rifle, a lot of powder and a. bullet mould. Then a messenger came through in haste to let the family know that the Bathurst police were coining to interview Ben about those cattle, and that some interfering selector had Identified the brand on the hides sold by Bill as his own, and was making a fuss about it When the brothers heard this they vowed they would tie the said selector up to a blue-gum tree with a bit of his own green-hide, and fill him as full- of holes as an old sieve. They swore that even if a man did try to make an honest living in this country his neighbors wouldn't let him. 'It was a bit rough,' Bill said, ramming the charge home in his gun, 'tbat two fellows who had worked hard, and had bad luck, should be chased like two dingoes.' And Ben put fresh caps on his revolver, and observed that 'men like Johnnie Gilbert and Lowry were the men the -country wanted. Men who weren't afraid of anything. Game men, who would die fighting rather than be lugged off to gaol, and put in irons, and persecuted by people who were no better than them, and dashed sight worse.' With these and a few other appropriate remarks, Ben Hare and Bill -went out and took to the bush in earnest. They also took two blood horses and a few other things they wanted. The world went very well with them for a time. i It rvas in the roaring days, before the railway and the telegraph had killed chivalry and adventure clotted in kersey breeches, Wellington boots, scar let silk handkerchiefs, and spurs. In the days when the heart of the wild, black-browed, big limbed beauty of the bush beat, true to her bandit lever. When she rode madly over the rajnges to 'svarn him of approaching danger, her foot firm in the stirrup, her knee strong to- the pommel, and the hate of authority flashing from her eyes every time the goaded animal slackened in its stride. The world went very well with them. Thefr iarae began to grow, and the rose and violet hued bubble reputation of several daring' stickings-up was theirs. They had got a good deal to their credit ia a very little time. There was that his torical incident on the Southern-road where these enterprising gents congested . the up and down country traffic for forty-eight hours, and punctua ted -the episode by bailing up- the coach and bor rowing the passengers' valuables and ready cash. There was the little affair at Jerry's 35'lat, where Constable David Mulliver (carried away a bullet from Ben's revolver in his shoulder, and numerous others, which are all set down somewhere In the records. . ' . - Then the raids of the two Hares 'suddenly ceas ed, and it was given out that. they had gone off over the Victorian, border, or into Queensland, or wherever there was most! chance of escape. At that particular time authority in New South Wales had- its hands full at all points of the compass with other adventurous gentlemen, who were in the hab't of carrying arms, and was secretly pleased at the-prospect of an adjoining Government get ting some of the responsibility. But our two cavaliers had merely returned in secret to the bosom of, their family, and .were en joying a merited repose after labor done. Thfey might; have remained, undetected for a long lime if a certain settler, who had been promised a skin ful ol bullet-holes bad not accidentally diBfcovered the whereabouts of bis Interesting .neighbors, and, lured by wholesome IsaranS a trifle of reward, quietly Teported the matter. , : A1 ifew dUiye afterwards there came to the bouse of the wldo^r Hare two men on horseback, who Stated that they wanted to buy pigs. The widow bad a email colony ':$: plgs- 5)reatromsto-!b which originally ehangeil : l^tBi^ttiojipt the formality of e sale, ,The^e^oUMaerHrtobka«eat-)n the' bench to treht;of ^^4^cS^«;*!*--'!*ree:r^rls' BqUatted .-In' iBii;;^6!gffiw;*si8iiflifiBasy inannei**'upon ?^pif.3ie^;*ij^ite'^^^ 1it$^^ort ijjiAye^'fc^^ rcterve wfcWiiad^^^ of a» feminine: part oi ^e r^J&^e'^ojaBsaioia ' *w&b; breaking *iip -when *me 'al'ib.e^tie ^pui^aasecs,*' happening to iurow Has ootft same, *HeUa Hare perceived -a revolver.' She lampefl la lier *eet like a shot,Jshouting, 'Z&Vapft;, mother! Howly Moses! the thrapB'.' ' * ~ There was a hayloft abpnt fortyyaMs to the Sight of the house. At the -cry vt 'Ttaps!' the Buss, who were fconcfealediSierein opened fire ion tbft two police. The latter retreateasiato the house, «ad '(returned the fire. ThebuHete began to fly faster, -splintering JnKnigh Jtoe «por, and smashing the panes^^a^^ihfewlna»WE. The widow had bees down |be 'jwddock hunting up the pigs. At the sound «I ^hooting she came jup. running, afire with the tnBtlnctB of jtiie fray. .:?? i 'Hurrah, me boys!'' she shouted, waving her 1 arms over her head. 'Go it, me brave' sons! Give 'em Wathertoo for it, Benny! Give 'em Wa therioo for it, Bui!' The three girls bolted through the house, and joining then* mother, added loud words of encour agement, threats of defiance, and personal re marks about the New South Wales police in gene ral, and these two. deceivers in particular. , Stimulated py this cheering testimony of mater nal and sisterly affection, or by a 'shortage, of ammunition, the daring brothers emerged from the loft, and were about to rush to the house un der cover of the fences, when they were suddenly taken to the rear by two other troopers in plain clothes, who had crept up unobserved. Called upon to surrender, Bill Hare threw down his arms; but his brother Ben, after discharging his revolver at the police, without effect, made a clean bolt, and got away unscathed. * Having secured and ironed their prisoner amidst the screams and boots of the women, the first two troopers departed in pursuit; whilst the remaining two of the party— which had been specially or ganised for the expedition — started back. In the meantime the elder brother had doubled on his track, gone ahead, and was waiting for the party in charge of the prisoner with the idea in his mind of effecting a rescue. He had secured a rifle and ammunition, it is supposed, from some secret 'plant,' and after tying his horse in the scrub near by, had concealed himself behind a fal len tree alongside the road, where he knew the police must pass. It was just about sunset when the troopers came in sight, and the bushranger lying on his stomach behind the log. with his finger on the trigger of his weapon, saw that one offleer was leading the prisoner's horse whilst tiie other rode behind. As they approached he took a careful aim at the man in the lead. At the very instant his hand pressed the trigger, by, a provi dential accident, the trooper's horse stumbled. The rider was thrown forward in the gaddle, and the bullet which had been intended for him pass ed through the brain of Bill Hare, who rolled into the road stone dead! After exchanging shots with the police, Ben Hare again escaped. He eluded the law for nearly a month; but in 'the end was1 track ed to his hiding-place in the mountains. He declined to surrender; but was hemmed in by the police, and captured after a brief struggle. The 'speech' which he delivered, in the dock when condemned to death is still admiringly re cited 'west the mountains.' I have heard that speech, with additions, on the stockyard fence several times. It is an adaptation of the dock speech of a famous Irish patriot, whose epitaph is not yet written. It sets forth in thrilling lan guage the persecutions to which a whole-souled, ncble-minded bushranger was subjected. How he came into the business from a love of the beau tiful and the true, and how he would go forth to meet his doom with a firm and steady step and a spirit untamed by tyranny and wrong. It also sets forth with pride bow the orator never surrendered, but was taken with arms in his hands, overpowered by numbers, and still contend ing bravely for those principles which were near est and dearest to his manly heart. A touching allusion or two to friends and loved ones, and a slight dissertation on ethics and justice conclude the recitation. It was a powerful speech that of Ben Hare's — extraordinarily powerful for a man who had never been to school in his life, and couldn't write his own name; and it has sent more young Australian busbmen along the road to ruin at a fast gallop than, perhaps, any other piece of oratory on record. Under these circumstances it is almost sad to think that this hero of a hundred stockyard fences was swung off so young. 