CORRESPON.DENCE. TO. TILH EDITOIS. O TILE STANDiARtD Sut,-Your correspondent "A. tlue ohris tian " would, be more consistent with the scope and tenor of his letter had he signed himself "True Fox'' or a "-True Phariseeo. Instead of giving the subjpot a fair logical' treatment, he resorts to the usual-tricks and: fallacies in. his reply to Adamie.. Your in. fallible correspopdent pronounces Adamic wrong by his own " spir digot" and, then. confirms the. truth of it by. counting noses. Adamlc firmly.. holds the same'idea on the, above points he- always did. Christians worship God personal,, the ,Jews worship? God absolute personified, and' God absolute. is worshipped by none at all, except by a few old. Highlanders in, the North of Scot land. Such at least was the case in mar early days.r;Thus. the Father in. Heaven is, God Personal, and+ aPersonal Father. St.. Paul expressed .very different ideas, Acts XVII.,. '* God in whomn we-live,, move, and have our being ";.Ephesians III. and IV., "One God and Father. through all, above. all, and in all." . This. is God absolute, o' the absolute Father. We have twelve created languages in the Planet,, and about 2?000,degenerate and developed languages. Tha: three most important languages con nected with revelation are the Gaelic, the IHebrew,.and the Greek.. The Gaelio is the father of the Hebrew, the Gaelie and' Latin 'the fabher and mother of -the Greek. The teachings of God absolute we-once had. in Gaelic.. We have'some, of them yet in dim. and unreliable traditions,.' But we have the heart teachings, the teachings of Jehovah or God absolute .personified, we have in Hebrew by Moses, and' the teachings of God personal we have 'in Greek by Jesus. There are three dispensations of 2,000yenra each. According to the Bible5 dhaddsi and Elou 'were-the Gods 'of the, first Jehovah, Eloim and Ruach of' the. second and the Faths r"SOx i and' Holy' Ghost : the, three idst ftle third ditpens?tl .' "lbThe coming Messiahwill openup these dread mysteries. God ab.solute,- Alliar shoe-ree (Gaelic):; Gobe' absolute,. Abber . shaddat (Hebrew):; ditto, Ar titeeo (Clrcasian);r ditto, Ether cereno. (Greek).. This is enough for a time. To p?repaire the. way for thbo Messiah. If you give me space in your journal, I shall publish some more of my ideas on this head: Annsuco. 