STORIES OF FAMOUS 4 SONGS. (Bt S. u. Ad&ul; Frrz-GEKiLD.) *? BULE, BEITAHNIA.' It is a strange— a wonderful coinci dence^ that to the year 1740 we ate in debted for the first appearance in public of two of our most popular and most national songs— I refer to' The Boast Beef of Old England,' by Henry Field ing, and ' Rule, Britannia,' by James Thomson: while inst nineteen years later appeared the magnificent patrio tic song, ' Hearts of Oak,' vrritten by David Garrick, 'who had ft pretty wit for turning a ballad, and com posed by Dr. Boyee. The 'Eoast Beef 'was adapted to the tone composed by Eichard Leveridge about 1728, who also wrote words at the time. The song with Fielding's lyric was published in r%alsh'3 ' British Miscellany ' about 1740\. The authorship of ' Bule, ' Britannia ' has been disputed ; some authorities at one time inclining to the belief that, as David Mallet was con cerned with Thomson in writing the masque, 'Alfred,' in which the ode was . originally sung, be was the writer. I will fist give a quotation from W. Chappel's 'National English Airs ' :— ' ' Bule, Britannia,' from the masque of 'Alfred,' composed by Dr. Arne. This masque was written by James Thomson and David Mallet, and was performed in the gardens of Cliefden House in commemoration of the accession of George L, and in honor of the birthday of the Princess tit Brunswick, on August 1, 1740. It was afterwards altered into an opera (by the same composer) and performed at Covent Garden in 1745 ; and after the 'death of Thompson, which occurred in 1748, it was again entirely remodelled by Mallet, scarcely any part of the first being retained, and performed at Drury Lane in 1751. The words of ?Bule Britannia' were, however, written by Thomson.' It was already a celebrated song in 1745, for, during the Jacobite rebellion in the North of that year, the Jacobites, with consum mate impudence, took the lay and altered the words to suit their own cause, and termed it their 'National ' song. Handel made use of the air in his ' Occasional Oratorio,' with slight variation, to words beginning — . . War shall cease. Welcome, peace! in 1746, -When Mallei; altered the opera or ma«que'rAlfred--itprovedafearfnlfiasco, and it was not tSl Thomson was dead that he claimed the ode as his own composition — a composition which ?- Southey (includingthe music, of course), said would be 'the political hymn of this country as long as she maintains her political power.' Yet the song wai actually published in Edinburgh in the second edition of a well-known ?ong- book during Mallet's lifetime^ -with Thompson's initials, and appar ently Mallet made no stir. David Mallet earned much notoriety a« & purloiner of other people's wares, and his Imposture with regard to 'Margaret's Ghost ' is ancient history to students of old-ballads and Percy's 'Beliques' I will give an extract from a contribution by the late 'William Chappell of 'Popular Music of the Olden Time' fame, to 'Notes and Queries,' November 20, 1886 : — ' I will now refer to 'Alfred.' It was performed a' second time at Cliefden House with great success, and Boon ' Eule Britannia ' became a national song. In 1745 'Alfred' was altered into an opera by Dr. Arne, the principal vocal part bein£ taken by Mrs. Arne, Miss Young, Mrs. Sybilla, and Mr. Lowe at Covent Garden (this was for the benefit of Mra/Arne), and turned into a musical drama at Drury Lane, both in the same year. In 1748 James Thomson, the poet, died from fever, and that sug~ jested to Mallet the idea of robbing his Jriend and fellow-countryman (they were both Scottish) of his share of the credit he had gained by the triple pro duction of 'Alfred,' and especially by the ode; but Dr. Arne, who outlived Thomson and Mallet till 1788, stood always in Mallet's way. It was his music to 'Eule, Britannia* that hud been one great cause of the success, and everybody knew that the ode had been written by Thomson, who gave the words to Arne to set to. music, and many thousands of copies had been printed within the ten or eleven years that had elapsed. In the meantime Mallet had received a commission to write the life of the' great Duke of Hoxlborough, for which he had received .£1,000 from the duchess, an! an annuity from the duke to expedite his labours/' The use he made of the money is thus told in. the ' Biographia- Dramatica,' 1812, and elsewhere : — 'No. 143, 'Alfred,' a Masque by David Mallet, acted at Drury Lane: 8vc, 1751. This is the play of Messrs. Thomson and Mallet, entirely new modelled by the latter, no part of the first being retained but a few lines. Though excellently performed it was not very successful. The prologue was written by the Earl of Cork. It has been said that Mallet procured ' Alfred ' to be performed at Drury Lane by in ?ianatiog to Garrick that in his in tended ' Life of the Duke of Marlbo rough' he should, by an ingenious de vice, find a niche for the Boscius of the age. ' My dear friend,' said Garnet, ' have you left off writing for the stage ? - The hint was taken, and ' Alfred ' was produced. Garrick himself afterwards tried to turn Mallet's failure ss a masque into a tragedy in 1773, to recover some of the money he had lost upon it, but he was no more successful than before. Mallet's 'Life of the Duke of Marl borough' was paid for, but never written. Mullet employed Lord Boling broke to write three additional vertes for 'Bule, Britannia,' to replace three of Thompson's (which he would never have done if they had been his own) ; but the public would not have new verses, and insisted upon Thomson's, which they knew.' The rest of David Mallet's shameful life will be found in any English biography. He enjoyed a con siderable pension, which had been be stowed on him for his success in turn ing the public vengeance upon Admiral Byng by means of a letter of accusation under the character of ?' A. Plain Man.' That pension was Mallet's blood money. He had also a legacy of the copyright of Lord Boli»£broke'a 'Work's,' Bolingbroke having employed him to ' blast the memory of Pope ' — ' an office which he executed with all the malignity that his employer could wish.' Mallet had been a thorough parasite to Pope before, and Boling broke was the wretched hypocrite whom Pope, by leaving all his MSS. to him, had made the guardian of his character. No Scotchman would attend Mallet's funeral ; but a monument was raised by public subscription to the memory of James Thomson in West minster Abbey. Mallet's real name was Mallooh, and he died in 1765, aged sixty. Mallet did not write 'Mar- garet's Ghost,' as is generally stated, for the piece was printed in the reign of Queen Anne. 