AN AUSTRALIAN ACTOL . ? = ? +-. ? : ? — .' Curious Quips and Comical Cricket. (By Lancelot B0 ' HE best of actors may make a slip at times, and substitute . a word, in a hurry or flurry, of almost similar sound, knowing full well im mediately of his error ere the word has ceas ed to sound. Such an actor, if he has tact, will act according to the nature of the fault. If it is an un important one,, and the audience scarcely no tice it, -he will wisely keep silence and not add the proper word, which would draw attention to nis blunder; if a glaring one lie must gloss it o.ver as best he can, or submit to the momentary ridicule. Many expert examples have come un der my notice of flagrant mistakes, that have ex Cited derision, being so cleverly patched that the audience have veered round at once and ap plauded the skilful craft of the actor. Sometimes a transposition is made by the most careful, a sort, of 'putting the cart before the horse' or getting generally mixed. For in stance, I heard a lady of great talent and high position once in 'Belphegor, the Mountebank,' cry with, dramatic force in a telling situation, 'If you are not his wife, at least you are the fa ther of his children.' Of course, there were roars of laughter, in which the lady herself could scarcely resist joining. The error was so pal pable: — 'he is the father of your children' — but she was the people's favorite. The incident, if it were possible, increased her popularity, for she was seldom caught tripping; and it served to de monstrate that she was mortal, like the rest of us, and that 'mistakes will occur in the best regulated families' — and theatres. One actor who many must surely remember, though it is some years since he appeared in the colonies. He went to England and died there — neglected^ however — and he knew it. It muse have been hard — very hard — work for him to master the language of some of the parts that came in his way. Like many others, he thought his brogue was undetected when he assumed English characters; but the effect was funny at times when, like another Irish actor, the never to-be-forgotten 'Hogan,' he would pronounce 'ficfor' as 'flure,' and marvel why the audi ence tittered. He had an exalted idea of his tragic powers, and once I saw him enact 'Othel- lo.' He was a constant delinquent in knocking words and phrases into a 'cocked hat,' and when he played Othello in the scene with Emilia he demanded — 'What needs this irritation, woman?' In the text it is 'iterance' or, in some editions, 'reiterance' and 'reiteration.' Charlie struck out a line on his own account. An amusing list might be made of his strange twistings of lan guage, but we'll let him rest. Once, however, the late J. P. Hydes completely prostrated him. Johnny had the casting of a piece called, I think, 'Coals of Fire,' and there was a long part in it — a professor, a geologist, who is con stantly exploring the country with hammer . and chisel, napping specimens off rocks, quarries, and hills. With his diurnal collection he gives learned harangues on the different stones, the age to which they belonged, making liberal use of Latin and Greek scientific terms. With a sly wink to the rest of us, 'Johnny' handed this part to the unhappy Charlie. He retired up the stage and into the wings to see what his new 'study' was like. Presently he hurriedly sought out his wife, and she (poor soul, she is likewise in 'that undiscovered country') began to read it to him as he peered over her shoulder. Char lie sped down to the table where 'Johnny' was seated. 'What sort of a blank part d'ye call this, Misther Hydes?' cried he. 'Best part in the piece, Charlie,' replied Johnny. 'It's chock ful t-f Frinch.' 'There's not a line of French in 4t — there's some Latin and a little Greek.' 'And they're a blank sight worse,' retorted the excited comedian; 'and I'll be hanged if I thry to sthudy it.' When he was excited the brogue came out 'sthrong.' 'Go on with the rehear sal,'' said the imperturbable Johnny. But shortly after, thinking he had got as much fun out of Charlie as desirable, he took the part from him, and substituted one of a more con genial description, explaining that he had over looked it. I was sorry at the time to see C. O'B. made a show of, but it was diverting for all that, and such things are looked for and relished by actors. Charlie was a bit of a 'dandy.' Once I was on a travelling tour with him. As we pro ceeded along the road from one town to another in a fine large waggonette, Charlie would wear an old coat and a soft felt hat. Approaching the towu where we were to appear out would come his capacious bag, and he would change his coat and bring out a cigar. But the glory of his attire was a well cared for silk hat. . He did not possess a hat-box, and the care of this- hat en tailed much watchfulness on his part. He had it wrapped in a silk handkerchief and safely lashed near to him on the side of the vehicle. By some means the lashing got loose, and the precious 'belltopper' worked up against' the wheel, with the result that a mile of such treat ment worked disaster; the silk handkerchief af forded no protection to tile edge of the tyre, which cut a wretched irregular gash in the side of the hat. When the time came for Charlie to effect his metamorphosis into the butterfly state and he discovered the damage to his adored head piece, he turned pale with rage. We did not dare to laugh for fear of exasperating him fur ther, but one or two of the ladies expressed their sorrow, while all the time they were bubbling over with mirth. For a moment he regarded it with pain and affection, then he dashed it to the earth and danced upon it, like a Fiji warrior, but with choice oaths. He had chosen a muddy place, however, for his terpsichorean display, and bespattered his 'best' coat and spotless linen, &c;, freely with samples of a red-ochre composi tion. It became intolerable to restrain our laughter, so we 'let it go' and made the hills echo. This produced extra ebullitions of wrath on the part of Charlie and nearly a dissolution of partnership at the same time. A prominent actor at about that time, and prior to it, was the- late George W. Collier. He was of a very different stamp to the one whom I have just noticed — a superior sort .of man alto gether, dry in humor, though at times taciturn and gloomy, even approaching to a morose and cynical state. He was a good actor nevertheless, and, though he had a habit of dropping his voice, so that at times he became almost confidential, there were some characters in which he appeared that- could not well have been improved upon in their portrayal by any other actor, at least in Australia in his time. His picture of Rip Van Winkle, on the lines of Jefferson, was a masterly performance, and I preferred it to that of Johnny Hall's, who was considered the peer of the great American 'Rip.' In all the walks of the drama he was consistent without exaggeration, even down to clown in a pantomime. He was facile with his pen, too, and a brother of his (I do. not .know whether-living now) was a talented jour nalist in Melbourne, where some years ago George W. Collier died. It is a long, long time since I saw him for the last time, but one of my last impressionable memories of him was in. Christ church (N.Z.) in 1874 at a costume cricket match; aud, as the the Australian cricteri: team is on the way home and Parliaments are wielding the wil low, a reference to that memorable, to me, match may prove acceptable. We were playing with May Howard at the time when that lady was taken ill, and w» had a short enforced fest, though it made no difference to some of us, who had lengthened terms of en gagement. However, George Collier proposed that we should get up a costume cricket match — . Tragedy v. Comedy. Thejdea was carried out with spirit, and the affair was a success from a monetary point ;of view. Though no charge could be made for entrance to the ground, volun itary contributions at the gates amounted, to something like. £60. We ^dressed in' the theatre, and were to be conveyed, as I understood, in an omnibus to the ground; but George had made his own arrangements, and we .were driven all round ?the city with a brass band — a sort of exhibition I remember protesting against in staid, , aristocratic ecclesiastical Christchurch. There were several supers dressed as Frnch clowns, &c;, armed with bladders on sticks, who belabored all and sundry *-n the way, together with mock policemen, who every now and again stopped the vehicle, and so the fun progressed and good humor . prevailed. The ladies of the company, who were merely spectators, had not of course to run the gauntlet of this exhibition, -and proceeded to the trysting place in a anore . decorous fashion. Many of those who took part in that 'carnival' are dead; others have/gone I don^t where.' ' . The tragedy side was composed of 'other, than tragedians or those representing tragic charac ters/ but -the comedy eleven was more correctly defined; the latter consisting of, among others, ? down (Horace Wilson, brother of Mr. 'W. J. Wil Epa), pantaloon Touchstone (George Collier), Mi-. ^chael. Sweeney -JoeS3,iEccles: {Charles FV Searle-J'1 an .old and capable-actor still in evidence), Myles-i, -na-Coppaleen (Doily Power), policeman (Harry^ Ba-\ ,TlUe)i.-twith' others 'that. I have at ^ this moment forgotten; ' Tragedy Included Romeo (Arthur In- ' glis^- who; died some. years. ago, a nice little chap, j and an author to boot), 'Coriblanus, Rob,' Roy, The Softy, William in 'Black-eyed Susan,' &c.; We were umpired by two pressmen — James (Jimmy) Grey, of the Lyttelton 'Times' (for Comedy), and George Hart, of the 'Press (for Tragedy), each in costume. Had we played the game pro perly there would have been much more fun in it; but it was decided by the majority to bur- j lesque it, hence, if a player was making a score,, he was peremptorily removed from the field, while other refused to go out when bowled. The | ball caught in Coriolanus's toga, and he made a tour of the 'field pursued by all the players, ex cept two or three, who .went on playiag and run ning on their own account with an imaginary ball. If the umpires gave a decision, it was dis puted forthwith, and the bladders were brought into requisition till it was revoked. There was no doubt much excellent fooling, and the affair caused some stir, great merriment, and passed off, as-is commonly said, 'without a hitch.' Mrs. Collier (Lizzie Bushe) was a homely little woman, but did not shine as an actress with more than ordinary brilliance. She was afflicted with deafness, and this made her appear, what she was not, stupid. Their daughter, Milly Col lier, gave great promise as a precocious little girl, and I hear has developed into a charming actress. I do not doubt it, for she had the ad vantage of being trained by her talented father. I .have often smiled as I have read advertisements in the papeift to something like the following effect: ' Partner. — Wanted, gentleman with. j650 to join a theatrical company about to start on a coumtry tour. Pleasant trip and big profits. No experience neces earv. Apply at once, by letter, to Theepis, Dry Dock P.O.' The amounts required generally vary from JB10 to three Genres. It is astonishing to find how many are willing to risk their modest capital — so proud to have a finger in the rich theatrical pie. They attend a theatre, see the crowded house, listen to the chink of the coin as it flows into the boxes of the bnsy money takers, the music of the orchestra charms them, the glamor of the footlights with the movements of the gaily-dressed actors fascinates them, and the universal applause completes the formation of a strong desire to be a theatrical manager — to reap the golden harvest. There's no experience necessary ! Certainly not. All you have to do is to engage the company, hire a theatre, pa- for the advertisements, &c;, and it's ali as easy as the kissing- of your hand. The actors do the rest ; they play the piece, and yon take the money. Then, the pleasure of the trip, seeing tho country, and different colonies mayhap, with the rare freedom of Bohemian life ! Let inexperienced speculators pause ere they put their ' all' into such ventures, and take advice from. ? one who has seen. something of the kind. Out of ten travelling com panies one or two may succeed, five may barely pay their way, and the remaining three may be stranded miles away from their starting point penniless — or what is known in dramatic circles as ' stuck.' I have ' given an average that is a favorable one. Many a professional I know would write, ' One succeeds, ~' two manage to get through, seven ? etuck.' ' That company cannot lay much claim to worth that requires a paltry £10 or .£20 to ' get them away.' It may, through a fluke, turn out all right, bnt not for lon^, A wet night or two with mediocre talent, and failure to hit the taste of a commnnity — for what suits Gnshem City won't suit Sneer Town — and 'stuck3' is the word. If they are successful in obtaining credit they may pnll ihron^h and have a turn of luck, bnt oftener than not a smash up takes place, and lucky are they who can scramble back to the metropolis or else where where they recount with doleful countenances their unhappy experiences. In thus prefacing- this paper, I may add that I have never ocenpied the proud position, for the* fiftieth part of a second, of a theatrical manager, unless, indeed, I may account myself one wlien being a unit in a 'commonwealth' when all when 'mana- agers,' and consequently at loggerheads. Bat wr.at I havfl to relate may serve as an object lesson to these who desire to become ' theatrical managers,' and to fledgling actors alike. Aboutffifteen years ago, in Brisbane, at the conclu sion of an engagement with Grattan Biggs, the com pany disbanded, the major and talented portion proceeding . southwards. I, for domestic reasons, stayed behind, and Grattan Eiggs did ' lay upon his oars awhile ' prior to fulfilling another engagement. I have not seen Grattan for years, and, whether he is alive or dead, it is immaterial to the story, fcr I have nothing ill to write of him. He was not (speak ing in the past tenee) what you might call a hand some man ; and if his ghost were peering over my shoulder I should only look for a placid smiSe — per- a broad grin, guessing the purport of my pen. Knowing that Grattan Rives had time on his hands, and in view of the successful season just com pleted, a diminutive dapper draper's assistant made overtures to him to take him for a little trip *' np the line.' He was persistent ; Grattan was indolent and lazy. The upshot of it was that the ' little draper ' succeeded, and Grattan consented on condition that I was to accompany him and a competent company likewise. ' Eight!' said the little draper (we'll style him L.D. for brevity), and he straightway threw np his situation, protested to - Grattan that he was willing to invest £400 in the venture, that it was only a holiday trip for him, with a lot of like palaver. The ' company ' was made np, bnt it was, in cricketing parlance, not a picked eleven. We had two or three actors of experience — remnants of the disbanded, company — but of little standing, with others to fill in, who could stand and speak as school boys are monotonously taught like lay figures. The ladies, too, were not stars of the ?Sxst magnitude, and I did not anticipate great results. However, it is never wise to meet his Satanic majesty even half-way, for he# will make his pre sence felt soon enough, so we arrived at our first town, Ipswich (the Athens of Queensland), only distant from Brisbane a score of miles. The dressing room eet apart for the masculine portion of the com pany -was a huge cellar or vault beneath the stage, and we all robed and disrobed together. It also served as a property room, general depository for spare scenery, &c.; The first ni^ht came, 'and witn it a drizzling rain. The little draper was in a fever of excitement; he had spent the better part of the day in flying all round the quiet little town proclaiming himself the manager of 'this fine and carefully-selected company.' He spent much time and many shillings in visiting all the drapers' shops, making unnecessary purchases, never failing to announce his venture with the name of the well- known firm in Brisbane behind whose counter he had smiled upon portly dames aud simper ing misses, till I verily believe he was the envy of every counter- jumper and purveyor of 'ribbons and calico in the place. No doubt, many a tittlebat and titmouse gazed npon him with admiring: eyes as he left a shop, some even shaking hands with him at the door (and proud to do so), which procured a free pass 'on the spGt.' The night set in with a steady rain. There was a meagre attendance, and the performance did not merit & graod one. The L.D. looked glnib, but consoled himself with hopes that the next night might make amends. Affairs were worse, the rain came down in torrents and people could be counted on vour fiii^ers — and some of them were *' dead heads.' The L.D. was in despair and danced in and out of one room ! with tears welling up to bis eyes. One of the actors, and perhaps the most competent of all was^ representing a sort of bar loafers in a state of chronic 'drank.' His name is imma terial, and whether he overacted the part' or was slightly nnder the influence. I cannot say, but the L.D. uitched upon him as an object whereon to pour some mild timorous expostulation to relieve his pent up feelings. He caught a tartar. The actor was a seething volcano, a man of ungovernable temper, with a strain of 'bu'ly' in Jiis composition. He became abusive, taunted the unhappy speculator with his 'feminine occupation,' and advised him to go back to it and not meddle with things he knew nothing about. Words ran high in spite of the friendly interference of Grattan Biges, myself^ and others. The L.D. bewailed, and cried that ' he would be rained,' and made nee of some term especially offen sive to the actor before mentioned. The effect was disastrous in the extreme. The L.D. had to fly for his life round, across, through, over and under tables and everything,' pursued by the exasperated actor, with nothing less than a meat axe or chopper (one of the properties) in his hand. The excitement was in tense ; the ladles screamed from their apartment ; and, , indeed, there is no knowing what might have occurred had not poor Larry Scott (uince dead) done a smart thing; he threw himself down on the floor in front of the temporary madman, who fell headlong and head over heels to the ground, and the terrified draper managed to get out of the door. - Of course Grattan Siggs refused to go any farther, likewise myself, and the next morning he and I took train to Brisbane. Just as the train was . moving out of the station, Larry rnshed on to the platform, threw . hia carpet bag thiough the window, and scrambled, in himself .by the same aper ture, fie had no . money, and Grattan paid his fare. The little draper went back to his legitimate occupation a sadder if not a wiser man. . It served him right for more zeasonB than one; bat chiefly that he had misrepresented tis finan- cial position. He hafr added a fictitious cypher to his capital. He had never been possessed of J6400 in ills life. .£40 was the sum of Ids wealth, and -repre- sented the savings of years- . ': Fortunately for him he ?' pave the 'spec ' best' in time. The remainder of the tsompany fared .worse, for they, went travelling on 'their own account, -and three months later far away, near Tingiia, I came across them. They were camped ?oat- in the bush j \ absolutely penniless, and, be it recorded to the honor- -of the circus proprietor, to whom at that time 1 was Engaged .as- town- agent, he eent tibfem abundance of food and a liberal supply, of W^%*'^* ????? - ? ??: ' -^ - ' '& X-^W^:::^ Grattan Biggs and myself employed our time on re modelling his ' Irish Detective,' in which playgoers will remember he appeared with such uniform ex cellence. Though only a one-horse piece, so to speak, his changes of character were distinct, pronounced, and artistic, and to shroud his personality was by no means an easy task. The foregoing is a sample of what may happen to a 'sucking' manager. Again, there are many great managers who have commenced in a Email way, who,, with .. oration and tact, have built up colossal fortunes. Like everything else, honesty is the main thing. The company that shirks its responsibilities is wrecked, and the members of it are remembered with illfavor also, though per haps individually innocent. One. cannot expect a lady-manageress to succeed for instance, who, as I have known, scrambies through her dressing-room window, and nits to avoid payment even of her checktakers I True, nevertheless, but where is she to-day P There is an old chestnut joke-in the ' profession ' which may fit in here, following the last sentence. The landlord of a country hotel, where a travelling company ha.d been staying for some days, without showing any disposition to ' pay up,' attended the performance. Macbeth was the tragedy staged, and in one of the witches' scenes the chorus occurs, ' We fly by night, we fly by night,' -fcc. Grimly sitting in front, it struck him lite a sledge hammer, for he jumped np, Bhook his fist at the un fortunate players, and cried out, ' No, I'll be hanged if yon do, for I'll stop your boxes.' 