[?] — <>— . . CHAPTER XXI. .'TitEY.aro not you, Basil,' sho whispered, horolusp about bis neck tightening uncon- ' soiously. '.Well, ohcer up, my BWtotl' ho said. 'Oar real holiday .rocoiloct, will soon begin, and thon how wo shall onjoy it togotker at Goodman's Host 1 Think of it Bethany ! It scorns to good to bo truo— as if it could novor como to pass ' 1 Ah, I wish wo wore there now,' sho sighed involuntarily, and luid her golden head upon his broiiBt. Bothany . was stopping from lior pony carriago noxt morning, ficsh and delicately 8 voct a) a vi d-ioso touch d vih dow, whon sho tchold llooko Thorndyko stand ing larohcndcd in tho sunehino upon tho flight of shallow stops before tho hall door. Tho colour rushed voxedly to her faco at tho sight of Imn, an 1 in onler to gain time and uunfldouoo, sho lingered awhilu at tho po ntes' hoods, talking to them and patting thoir satin necks, boforo tho bolted grotin iu attendance lad them away to tho stnbto- ynrd. Thon sho turned leisurely and con fronted Captain Thorndyko. You aro an early riser,' ho said, holding out his hand, which sho prctonded nat'.o soo, but he wns so persistant sho was con strained to touch it— 'and driving botimos.' 1 1 havo just drivon Basil to the station,' sho answered coldly. 'Indcod? Yourrulo, Isuppossf ' Yos.'\ '- -,--t tailed boasts olYtenaldiuo'st' Not always. Wo havo tho dog-cart oc casionally. It depends.' ' And thon Basil drives of ccurso ?' eaid ho, launching tho first romavk that camo to ' his mind, solely to detain hor. 'Why of courso'— with n stony staro— 'whon I urn as much at homo in a dog-cart as in a pony-carriago, I should hopo f ' I had forgotten you wore such au Ama zon— forgivo mo !' ho laughod. ' Well, Bothany, what nro you going to do with yourself after broakfastr I had breakfast moro than an hour ago, and now I bavo somo lotters to write,', sho ropliod with a dotorminod air, and so marchod past him and vanishod into tho lull. About oloven o'cloik tboy mot again ; accident — porsistont mischance— was nil ngainst hor, thought Bothaiiy flpspuiriugly. Sho frownod. Sho had a Japanoao umbrella ia ono hand, and books, novels, undor tho other arni. 'llooko had ;d6uhod"fiannolB, ruinbow- stripbd,' and was equal . to either fortuno— tho tennisoaurt or tho lake. y; :: . > .- :i \ 'Aro you coming out, Botinrny ?' Yos' ' With mo ?— pleasantly. 1 Coitninly not. . Eai-le is waiting for mo undor tho codtrrs. I road to liiui ovory morning thore.' . 'That's awfully kind of yeu. . Bo equally kind to mo— as kind as you usod to bo — and como for a rido this afternoon.' 'I rido with Sir Hohry nftor luncheon always— with no ono else j and at fivo I go with Itonnldino in tho carriago to meet Ba sil's train at Eloekton Riso. Excuso mo— I hnvo loft my garden fan somowhero. I must find it.' Sho turned from him as sho spoko and run ileotly up-stnirs ; and ho saw ho." no moro till luuchcon- hour. ' Woll, old wouiau,'. said Basil choarly, whon ho had nrrivod homo and was dressing for dinner, ' what hnvo you boon doing ? lluw hnvo you beon getting ulong ?' ' Basil,' sho said with stningo humility— ho was lacing his patont-lcathor shoes at at tho moment, nnd shosauk upon tho white sheepskin at his foot and loaned hor honil against his urm—' I hopo I haven't boon rudo to him- too rudo to biin, but if I havo snubbed bim onco to-day, I havo snubbed hint a duzon times.' 'Thnt's right,', was Basil's brisk reply. ' You'll soon tench llooko muunors, if I . can't. What a pity tho good old dualling days aro over, isn't it, old woman P Mat ters woro simplified wondorfully in tboso lays, with coffee nnd pistols for two boforo f ho rost of tho world was astir.? A thousand pitios,' she said, though I nui euro 1 don t know why. ' Your wits aro woolgathering, Bothany,' ho laughod. ' ' You woron't Intoning— — - By J ovn, ito a ebrambla for it 1 Thoro goes tho second boll, and I huvon't tied thi9 tio. Ilnng it all, tbat won't do! I must try nnotlior. Find mo ono, llothauy, shaip, thero'o a doar— ono that's already dono up in a bow.' That ovoniiig, after dinuor, Basil sat n long timo with Iris unclo over thoir cigars and clarot, discussing tho present Gororo- mout, tho topics of tho day, social and po litical affairs in gonornl, as thoy woro ru moured among tho well-informed ut tho jjiuu -uiivuiuiju uuicu. ao wnx-nguts twinkled like glow-worms in tho dusk ; tho fmgrauco of tho roso-ganlon stolo into tho old dimng-rcom, with its shadowy dosort, its gloaming silvor, its gla3s and fiowors, its pioturcd walls. July had coroo with un wonted sultriness, and tho oavth was pant ing, as it worpi from tho prolonged drought. Thointonsoly hotwoathor triodEarlo rbro- ly. and ho had gono back oarly to his own study. , Bonaldino had followed him shortly o play and sing to her brothor in tho twi light , nnd Bethany, in nrcbtlossinood, had wundorrd.qut fw. a breath of coblor air iiito tho bright niazos of tho modern Jandscapo gnrdon which lay in tho open boyond tho, volvot sloping lawns whoro tho grand old codnrs.spi'oad low thoir shaggy arms. ' I woudor where tho poacock is ? Iwon- dor whoro ho leosts ? sho thought listlossly, and, hoaring a footstep bohind hor, sho turned hastily, nnd oncounterod Hooko. ' Oh, horo you.nro 1' ho began, as if thoy woro frionds upon tho host of terms. I'm glad I found you. I wanted particularly to ' Sho stoppod him. ' Rooko,' sho said qnitly and gravoly, ' why hnvo you followed mo horo ? You know how it voxos mo ; you compel mo to spenk my mind, painful as . it is to bo ob liged to do . it. If you hud a grain of man liness, a, spark of ohivalrous feolirig," you would iiuvcr bavo como to this houso as long as wo woro in it — yon would ruthor havo tnivolloU n hundred milos in another direction.' ' You are highly mysterious, llothauy. I don't understand you.' 1 1 am spoukiug porfoctly plain, thcroforo I do not hesitate to tell you what you say is untrue— and you know as well as I da that it is untruo. After — after what you did ut Nestwood tho lust timo you wero thore, you ought nover to call mo "Bothany" or spook to ino ovor again.'- - ' That would iudood ho a hittor punish ment,' ho Baid simply. IIo lookod down, nnd scorned to bo poudoring something. Thon ho misod his oyos slowly, nnd lot thorn dwollonhor luvoly still face, lilly-chill in thft Vtnlnf final (KMl'nsl n Vnok .t »«"' WJJUSMOM IS. WUVIS'glUUUU U1 blaek-groou cedar-boughs;' ' 1 Look horo, Bethany,', ho stud at last— lot thoro bo no further misunderstanding botwoou us. I ihuto this ostrangoment — it is misorablo work; between oousius liko ourselves it is downright propostorous. I want to bo friends again— indeed I cauio oat with tho fixed intention of askipg you to bo frionds with rao : onco moro — to bo gonorous enough to ovorlook tho past, nnd will you not do so, Bothany? Will you not lot by-gonos bo by-gonos ? Will you not sbako hands with mo and forgivo mo, if I promiso solouinly— - 1 will swear it if -you liko — novor in anv such manner tn again?' Sho gavo him a long wistful look in tho. twilight, as if : oho would ,so pouotrato tho" heart within him. , ' I wick. I cOnld think you woro in earnest nnd that, I could trust - you,1 sho said in a low roprbacbfut.tone. And thou tho ghost of u, mournful smilo— or porhups tho failing light or his vunity docoivod— flit tod ovor her vortod faco. . How sweat and fair it looked in the dusk, with tho cedar shadow intensi fying tho gold iu hor hair ! 'Igivo you my word of honour, Bethany , —no man can protest moro-' Sho shook hor bond, still wnvoriug, una bio to mako up hor mind. Finally sho hold out both hands to him and ho took them in ; his own, and bont low ovor thorn uiitil ho lot thorn go, with all possible rovorence and homago in the act. ' It is a compact,' ho said. ' Yos,' sho agrood gontly— tho winning gentleness of an appeased coqnotto. 'But if you do offend again— ovor iu any man ner again, mind— I havo dono with you ir- rcvokably, nnd wo are strangors thoncofor- ward.' ' So bo it,' ho said. About ten minuto3 later, Basil, in tho drawing-room, hoard thoir laughing voices in friondlicst convorso as thoy paced togo- thor up and down tho raised flag walk ad jacent to tho rango of open windows. Basil was astonished. ' I wondor why this lovoly old placo was cnllcd " Nightingalo Court" in tho first in- stunco ?' Bethany was saying. ' Oh, bocauso tbo nightingales abound in tho spring in tho ridos and coppices, aud sing liko mad, don't you know " tho voico of Captain Thorndyko was saying in reply. ' But sho has not boon hoard this yoar as much as usual— at toast, so thoy ' say. I was not horo mysolf.' 'Sho!' said Bothany scornfully. 'What aro you talking about, Booko ?' ' Tho nightingale, I supposo. Arn't wo?' 1 0h, what appalling ignomnco ! ..." Shq" do 23 not sing— it's "bo," and ho only sings white tho motlior-bird is sitting and hatch ing tho bees in tho nost. You ought to know that— a villago infant in long clothos knows thnt.' . 4 Butlam suro they always say "sho" in books— in pooins, and uovols, and things,' protested Captain Thorndyko mildly. ' It is bocauso thoy aro caroless thon, or don't know any bottor. But, you sco, I was born aud roared in tho country,- and thoro- foro do ., know bottor, ' nnd-1— 7 . Yes, I thought so 1 That is Basil at tho window,' and I daro say bo is looking out for us. I must. run in. I always play a garao of cribbago with Sir Honry after ton ; Ioxpcct bo is waiting for mo. now, and wondoring whv T hflVfl flncnrfnil Ktm ' ' Basil,' sho whispcrod in his oar wbon sho rojoinoil him — 'do you know, ho has boon quito nico ont in tho gqifiou thoro— really nice and sensiblo, I moan ; ho can bo whon ho plcusos, and ho .understands per fectly now what wo— woll, what wo liko, and what wo do not liko. I Spoko' to him plainly, I was obligod to. It. is bottor to bo \- on good terms with one's relatives, attor all, isn't it ? Don't you think so, Basil ?' Tho young man stand. ' But I thought you mndo him undor- stanu all tlint at Nostwood— boforo wo loft,' suid I10, receiving thbso hurried fragmentary confidoncos in n somewhat grudging and unsympathotic spirit. ' 'Yos, I did, of courso— in a way,' ro pliod Bethany quiokly ; ' but I was ablo, somehow, to oxplain things mqro fally and positively to-night ; itscomodloss diffloult horo than at Nostwood ; and now, as I say, wo understand each other porfoctly— thoro can bo no further mistako any whoro. It was a delicate matter, of courso ; but it was be3t to got it roally woll ovor— wasn't it ? — nnd havo no mora fuss nnd worry about it ; ob, Basil doar ?' ' Certainly ; but I was undor tbo impres sion that it wns already dono,' said Basil stiffly, and obviously with loss warmth oven than lioforo. ' You will lako a hnnd at cribbago with my unclo as usual, pro- sontly, I prosunio ? Vory woll"; I shall go and smoko a pipo with Earlo, and drink a cup of tea in his study. Bonaldino. is thoro, I boliove. You don't want mo horo.' ' And now Basil is disploascd, and means to bo sulky,' eighod Bothany, with infinite salf-pity that hor goad intentions should bo misconstruod. ' Oh, dour mo 1 Ono can not always comprohond him, or satisfy him oithor, do ono's best or try how I10 will !' And soon, in tho highost of spirits, sho wns playing hor rubber with Sir Honry. As a rnle, Bothany was tho victor; hut to-night sbo plnvod rocklossly, throw, away lior gnmo, and was vanquished ignomin- iously. CHAPTER XXn. TuunsDiY camo, tho date of (ho Infirmary dance at Flookton, Evorything somoliow Boomed to go awry for Bothany on that Thursday, tho 11th of July. Thunder, to bogin with, was in tho air; tho dawn ovon was dull and heavy; tho oastorn aky had a sullon look, nnd was dapplod with blood-rod. Thoro was nothing dowy and joyous about it ; no swcotcool wind, frosbly astir, to winnow tho brooding mist, no dazzling luminous- white flashes, no quivoring topaz bonms upon tho bed-room wall to botokon tho up- rising 01 tno sun. Bothany hnd marked this, bccaueo, being unable to sleep for thinking of tho Infirmary Ball, sho wns pooring from hor window boforo tin 03 o'clook and' wondoring whether tho day would bo fino or not. Tho baromotor hail beon falling of late. Basil awoko with a hcndncho, and was cross boforo ho got out of bed — on tho wrong sido, as Bothany told him after wards. His tub soomcd to rofrosh liim but littlo, nnd at their early breakfast boforo tho rost woro down bo suubbod Bothnny distinctly more than onco. Biisil,' said sho reproachfully, 'you aro horrid this morning. ! What is tho matter ?' ' I bog your pardon, doar— I know I am. This infor — , this confounded heavy woathor doesn't ngroo with : mo. Wo want a good spoil of wind and rain or u roal old tliun- dor-storm to clear tho air. I hnvo n bit of a hunilacho, doar.' 1 Tho driro to tho station .will do it good, lot U3 hepe,' sho said. .. Thoy liail tho dog-cart that morning for spocd's sake ; and, as thoy woro lato, Basil drovo. IIo did not spaio tho horso; hut, dospilo tho united efforts of man and boast, tho train— his ordinary fust'train — was lost by tliroo minutes and went stoamiug away without Basil. ' Oh, I'm no sorry ! erioy Bothany, who wanted to laugh. Basil said something btiof and oxplosivo, which ol courso did not stop tho train. Howovcr, thoro was unothor half an hour later which wont crawling along, stopping nt every station, and young Thorndyko had 110 altornntivj by to joumby up by that. Whon Bothany got buck to tho Court, Bonaldino met hor with a troublod greet ing. Bethany's heart sank at hor first words. ' Bethany doar, I'm so voxed, though I- foar it cannot bo hqlpod. My father is far from woll and riot' up yot; tho gout ugnin, you know, his old too. It camo on in tho night, ho. tolls 1110 ; and this morning ho cnunot put his foot to tho ground. Ho tays it is all owing to' tho bad wino thoy gavo him lost wosk at tho Justicos' dinner. ' You moan nboiit this ovoiiing ?' said Bothany, paling a littlo with suildon an- xisty. ' Yos, I am afraid I must not loavo my faihar ; he can onduro no ono but mysolf within a yard of him when his fuot is in its prcsont condition.' . ' Wo shall bo unablo to go, then, you think-?' said tho girl, with somothing liko dospuir in hor 03 03. .' Thoro is no reuson, doar, why yon nnd nnd Basil and Booko should not go, if you do mind going without my father nnd mo.' 'Ob, no, doar Bonaldino, that mustn't u« . uiuu uuuu-'j- ruiueuumy a, snouui — x should not caro to ho tlicro without you; I should not know a soul in tho room. ( TobcCmtUnntd. ) In Gennnny n -merchant' wns recently fined, heavily for .usiug n quotation from the Bible at tho 'head of nn advertisement. Tho first muffs wore made for tho use of doctors to kcop thoir fingers soft aud warm, . that they might accumtely fool tho pulse of their patients. 