LITERATURE, 'In the Days when the World was Wide.' This is Henry Lawson's took cf poems, which has been for ecme time promised from lie pub lishers, Angii6 and Robertson. The placing of £0 or more examples of Ihe author's sketches of Aus tralian bush life, although rr.oft of them had ap peared in Austialian newspapers, was a happy rjid, we hope, a profitable idea. Mr. Lawpon gives i:s the thoughts which emanated eeo1 matured in his brain as be struggled en with his 6w«g o'er plains and Ihiough forests innumerable. He writes with the force uud telling effect of tLe man who has seen and felt v. hat he deecritcp. That Le has had rivers to crohs and mountains to climb even in his literary carter is plainly and perhaps rather too bitterly riiown in hie lines, ' Austialian Bards and Bush Reviewers,' written in 1894 : While youii?e your best endeavour to immortalise in vene The gambling and. tLe driLk which are your countiy's gieatcst cur e, While you glciify the bully and take the spieltr's pait — Yiu're a clever southern writer, scarce inferior to Bret Barto. If you sing of waving grasses when the plains are dry as bricks, And discover shining rivers where there's only mud and s icks : If ycu picture ' mighty forests ' where the ' mulga ?* UDoils tnc i view — You're superior to Kendall, and ahead of Gordon tco. If you swear that there's no country like the land that pave you b:r!h, And its sons are juot the noblest and mest glorious chaps on earth ; If iu every girl a Venus your poetic eye discerns. Your are 'gracefully referred to as iho ' young Australian Burns.' liut if you thould find that bushmen— spite of all the poeta say — Are just common brother- sinners, and you're quite as good as they— You're a drunk ar 1, and a liar, and a cynic, and a sneak, Your grammar's simply awful and your intellect is weak. Could it be that such good work as the author gives in ' Out Back,' which commences with ihe powerful line, The old year went, and the new year returned, in the withering weeks of drought met with either a cool reception or withering criticism ? It must have been something like this which prompted Mr. Lawson's attack on bush reviewers. Well, we can say, and it affords us a considerable amount cf pleasure to do so, that in the poems- before us we have no indications either of ' awful grammar ' or ' weak intellect.' The man who wrote ' Andy'6 Gone with Cattle ' must have seen a drought which was almost as disastrous as the one through which this colony hue ju6t staggered. Another instance of the effect of bitter experiences is given in ' The Great Grey Plain : ' And all day long from tefure them The mirage smokes away— That daylight ghost of an ocean Creeps close behind all day With an evil, make-like motion, Ab the waves of a madrr an's brain : 'Tis a phantom not like water Out there on the Great Grey Plain. If further illustration of Lawson's keennees in perception were necessary, we have it in 'The Song of Old Joe Swallow : ' An' half our bullicks perished when the drought was on the land, An' the burning* heat that dazzles as it dances on the sand ; When the sun-baked clay an' gravel pa\es for miles the burain' creeks, An' at ev'ry step yer travel there a rottin' carcase reeks — Lut we pulled ourselves together, fer we nevjr used ter know AVhat a feather bed was good for in those days o' lung ago. What an accurate — a painfully accurate— sketch is that of ' Peter Anderson and Co.,' whose real name was Careless. We have seen Peter and his mate in many parts of Australia always doing something and never amassing wealth. Apart from these grim pictures there is the true ring of sentiment and of love's power in ' Trooper Camp bell ' and ' The Fire at Ross's Farm.' Who is the old digger that has not felt ' The Shame of Going Back.' We feel confident that Laweon's poems will live and be quoted by future historians when they refer to early troubles and misfortunes experienced in Australia. Messrs. George Robertson and Co. claim atten . tion this week fur no fewer than six new books, all of which are more or less interesting or useful. ' The Queensberry Cup,' by Clive Phillipps Wolley, author of ' Snap,' ' Gold, Gold in Cariboo,' and other books of adventure, is one of the Methucn Colonial Library It is thoroughly a book for boys or men who have a tendency to enjoy wild, youthful adventures of a bold, henest kind. It cemmences with battles in the « he ols, gradually proceeds to fierce scientific enccuLtcrs with 6'nglc-sti-ks and boxing gloves, gives a cir cumstantial eccrunt of a gleve-fight fcr the Quecnsbcrry Ctp, and cr.ds with the Hetiih of the hero on the battle-field in Africa. ' The Errcdi ticn of Captain Flick,' by Fergus Ecme, who is well krown to all Australians, is a nanative of ftrange adventures mr st frkilfiilly corrected, end to'd in a way 'which is rrore than oidiuarily inter esting. In this tale Mr. Hume trerds very clofely cn the lra-kfi long vhile c'nee taken t.y Rider Haggard. There is a search f-r a statue hi an island ecmewhere in (he Indian Ocecn.srd jmcug a people which r.re uLknown to ordinary wiiteie. Several dreadful thingp, tuth a6 earthquakes and massacres, happen, but, although the statue is not gained, two marriages take place; and what is really a very entertaining book is brought to an agreeable close. Twp works from the Pseudonym Library, ' Caufe and Effect,' by Elleanor Meirion, and ' When the Wheat is Green,' by Jos. Wiltcn, are books well adapted for pcrunal during railway journeys or other trips where the object is to combine instruction and the health giving effects of fresh air. Turning from romance to reality, probably the beBt work of the parcel for this season would be the one that gives directions by which drinks of all kinds, from the simple flip of ale up to the most difficult of American beverages, may be made. The list of summer drinks is eo lengthy and so attractive that readers expeiieuce a pang of regret when they think that the book was not present during the recent heat wave. Last and not least of the bundle is ' The Housewife's nandy Book,' which contains 350 useful everyday recipes. : i ( I We have from Gordon and Gotch the New Tear's number of the ' African Review;' which may be well described as a remarkably cheap holiday publication. The review is usually of the hard and fast business order, bristling with mining facts and solid quotations, but in this case there is illustrated fiction of a high class kind from H. Eider Haggard, Andrew Lang1, and Arthur Amigaud. ' Five Thousand Years in the Nile Valley,' by W. J. Loftie, gives in a popular way a large measure of instruction. Of course there is something about South African sport, and to maintain the character of the review for serious ness readers are told ' how to make a fortune on the African market.' The directions are simple enough, and may be easily remembered. They are to buy good stocks wh- n there is a slump and to sell such stcck when there is a boom. We have been told something whicL much resembles this reforc, and might have made a fortune if in eoit.'ng out ihe stck for purchase we had been aLle to distinguish (he good from the bad. 