CUPID'S STRATAGEM. CHAPTER XLVII.— (Continued.) Noel was startled, but he stepped forward, saying boldly, for he saw that Sir John had averted his face : ''Father, if I did not stand by you now, I should be an unnatural craven indeed !'' ''I do not deserve this !'' murmured Captain Campbell. ''I never understood the meaning of love until now. Sir John and I were always enemies and rivals. We have done each other many bitter wrongs in the past : but the crime of conspiring to ruin the fair fame of his wife, and those that should bear his name, by a mock marriage, is unpardonable, I make no excuses, the scheme was mine and Castlemon's, because we hated Sir John. We met Mr. Lawson at the gaming-table, and, attracted by his glib tongue and knowledge of Biblical quotations, we taxed him with being a parson, but he strongly denied it, though he confessed to having studied for the church.'' ''I was ashamed of being seen in so wicked a place,'' the clergyman interposed, ''though I had been driven by lack of funds to try my luck.'' ''Then it was,'' proceeded Campbell, ''that our scheme began to ripen. We confided in Lawson, but I'll acknowledge that we did not obtain his consent until he had been paid fifty rupees and had a promise of fifty more when his work was done. In a few days an expected uprising of the natives took place, and we seized that opportunity to get Sir John and the girl that he had cheated us both of, to go through a marriage ceremony that was to be in reality no marriage at all. Our colonel had been killed, and his daughter, who was affianced to Sir John, needed protection. I do not think that I need dwell longer upon this horrible subject. Only let me say how thankful I am to Heaven that Mr. Lawson deceived us! To me there have been long weeks of bitter — bitter remorse !'' For a minute he was shaken with emotion. ''In self-vindication,'' put in the clergyman, '' let me say that before joining in the shamefull plot, I made full inquires about Sir John Sterne and Miss Mervin, and knew that no harm could result from a legal marriage between them. Then the affair entirely escaped my memory for years.'' Suddenly Sir John spoke : ''I have been horribly punished, but am by no means blameless. It is true that Campbell and I hated each other, as young men. But let it be for- gotten. When I discovered the fancied wrong that had been done to me, and my little child, I was not responsible for my actions. I searched high and low for Campbell and Castlemon, with murder in my heart. At length I heard that Campbell had fallen in battle, and I resolved to mutilate his dead body or finish him, if any life were left. My unerring instinct guided me to him. He was half buried among a heap of slain. I flashed my sword in his face, and he begged for mercy. He was parched with fever's burning thirst. Satisfied that he was dying I laughed at him, wished him a speedy journey to a darker world, and left him.'' He held out his hand to Campbell, and, added : ''I believe that I deserved your hate, but I forgive all for my sister's sake.'' Captain Campbell was too overcome to reply, but he grasped Sir John's outstretched hand, not letting go until Mr. Lawson exclaimed : ''The butler and Lord Somerton's valet have gone into the church. The earl is not far behind.'' Even as he spoke, the Park carriage appeared at the foot of the hill, and as it passed the rectory Captain Campbell stood at the window, by the side of Sir John. ''The accursed scoundrel !'' muttered the baronet. ''I saw his yellow face as the carriage passed !'' For a minute the clergymen left the room, but came back saying : ''Follow me to the vestry, please, through the passage that communicates with the rectory. Make as little noise as possible.'' The whole party obeyed, on the very tiptoe of expectation, Sir John leaning on the arm of Markham, and Captain Campbell walking between his son and wife. Captain Parker could do little else but give vent to ejaculations which had better be left out of print, while his wife and Annette brought up the rear. They passed into the vestry, and it required the restraining hand of Mr. Lawson to stay Sir John from rushing forward and attacking Somerton, whom he could see half supporting the beautiful Elsie at the altar rail. ''Where is Mr. Lawson ?'' the voice of Somerton demanded, angrily. ''I am here, my lord,'' was the reply, as he ad- vanced, ''I am here to save this poor child from you, fiend that you are !'' Then it was that the earl's blazing eyes rested upon Sir John, and the party crowding into the doorway ; then it was that Elsie sprang into her father's arms with a cry of joy. CHAPTER XLVIII. ELYSIUM. Quick to think and to act, Lord George Somerton know that he was cornered — that there was not a ghost of a chance for the success of his scheme of making Elsie Sterne his wife. He could not under- stand how he had been so cleverly hoodwinked, or how the man he knew as Castlemon had escaped from the well. And here was Sir John Sterne, whom he had believed to be dying, thousands of miles away— -here he was, back at Blairwood, and apparently in improving health ! '' I owe this to Grant, curse him !'' he thought. ''I understand his warning now ! He has beaten me with my own weapons. If ever I meet him again, it is his life or mine 1'' ''My lord !'' Captain Campbell said, ''I will not now press you for the payment you promised, and I give you credit for knowing in your own mind that I was not Castlemon, but Harry Campbell. When I betrayed my knowledge that you were a murderer, I knew that you would try to kill me, and was prepared for you. The man upon which you intended to shift the crime was present and saved me from the well. I do not know if it is Sir John's intention to punish you for drugging and kidnap- ping his daughter, but while forgiving you for assaulting me, I intend informing the police of what I saw in the Park on the night that Zeba's cottage was destroyed.'' ''Your accomplice, Grant, has fled,'' remarked Sir John, '' I would advise you to do the same. You are a young man, clever, wealthy, and of the highest social rank, but your future is blasted by your own wicked and unscrupulous mind. Though you richly deserve it, it would be inexpres- sibly painful to have your agony intensified by a weary trial before a gaping crowd, and we agree to give you twenty-four hours in which to leave the country you have disgraced and dishonoured.'' ''As much to escape an exposé of your own scandal as lenience toward me,'' sneered the abject wretch. ''There is no scandal in Sir John's life,'' inter- rupted the clergyman. ''I am the man who con- ducted the ceremony which made Miss Sterne' s mother a legal wife. ''You have been imposed upon in every way !'' There was a touch of sarcasm in Mr. Lawson's tones, and with a fierce imprecation Lord George Somerton turned and hurried away— out of their lives forever, with Kemp, the pompous butler, and his valet following close behind. What terms they mad with him for services rendered will never be known. ''Meanwhile, Lady Helena had fainted and re- covered at least half a dozen times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the manner in which Sir John regarded her. At last she fell sobbing at his feet, and was told to leave Blairwood that very day. ''You shall not face the world penniless,'' Sir John said ''but I will not have one element of discord under my roof an instant longer than is necessary. Go to some hotel or just wherever you please, and I will send you a cheque for five hundred pounds. After that I wash my hands of you, ungrateful woman that you are !'' The party left the church and entered the carriages that had returned from the Blairwood Arms, and so great was the joy upon every face that any passing stranger would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. At the last moment, however, Noel expressed a desire to walk with Elsie to the Park rather than ride, because the exercise and the sweet, fresh air would help to banish the lingering effects of the narcotic that still clung to her system. Upon this Annette that she should ride on the box beside Stretton. She did not mind it a bit-- in fact, she would enjoy it. The requests of the young people were smilingly granted, and when they were alone Noel caught Elsie to his breast in a mad, passionate embrace. '' Oh, my darling !'' he said, '' I can hardly believe that all this is real yet ! But yesterday we were in darkness and pain, and now heaven itself is opened to us, and we are bidden to enter.'' She answered him with a kiss and a happy sigh, and they walked together, clinging tightly all the way until they came to the embowered lawn, which Noel called the ''Court of Love.'' Again did they recount all that was beautiful in the past, but the most blissful moments that memory recalled paled before the exquisite joy of the shining present. ****************** Though the reader may anticipate pretty accurately what became of the people who have played their parts in this story, he or she would feel a little distasteful if the author neglected to chronicle the actual facts in black and white, so I will gather up the threads and lay them before you. Lord Somerton took the advice of Sir John, and fled to the Continent ; but, not in accordance with Sir John's advice, he was breathing vengeance against Lawyer Grant, whom he still believed had duped him. Though he searched for the lawyer for many weeks he met him at last accidentally, to be shot dead on the instant by the man whom he was seeking. There was no malice or premeditated intent to kill in the lawyer's act. He was simply frenzied by fear, after being chased over Europe by a man who had sworn to take his life. Then Grant disappeared, none knew whither. The blow was a severe one to the pride of his wife and step-daughter ; but Adeline Cleveland consoled herself by marrying an aged and impecunious lord, who gave to her the shelter of a dignified name, in lieu of ready cash. The gentlemanly Mr. Kemp was forced to leave Blairwood somewhat hastily. To his disgust he was paid his claim against William Stretton in full, and saw his hated rival reinstated as head game- keeper. Then the banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there was so much malice in his heart that a little of it bubbled from his mouth. This reached the ears of people who had reason to dislike him. and upon the very day that Stretton and Annette were married the gentle- manly Mr. Kemp was tarred and feathered by a few who had feasted not wisely but too well. He fled, and never came back again. Meanwhile, Sir John had adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of his mind, the result being that an accumulation due to his sister, amounting to upward of a hundred thousand pounds, was transferred in a proper and legal man- ner, and to the satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation that he deducted every fraction of the money paid to Caption Campbell when he was known as James Castlemon. This was insisted upon by the captain himself who settled down as a model husband, and industriously employed himself to the shrewd investment of his wife's unexpected wealth. And all this while Noel had been working slavishly, his time being about equally divided between his studio in London and Blairwood Park. In five months he had painted half a dozen port- raits, and the picture that was to make fame and fortune had been accepted by the Academy. With this great news he arrived unexpectedly at the Park one morning, and Sir John greeted him with a merry laugh. ''Here again ?'' he said. ''Noel, my boy, I think that you had better set up your studio here. If you are not consumed with impatience to go in search of Elsie I would like to say a few words to you.'' ''I am listening, uncle ; but pray don't be long. I have grand news myself. My last picture is accepted, and I — '' ''Well, well ! I will be brief. You and Elsie are to be married next month, and as all this will be yours and hers one day, you must not take my ewe lamb away from me, I am an old man— much older than my years, and I want a young head and strong hands to help me in the management of an estate. I love Elsie, even as much as you do — in a different way. I love you, lad, because---'' Tears gathered in his eyes, and Noel grasped his hands. ''Uncle,'' he said, ''your will is our law in these things. I should hate to take my darling away from you, and nothing will please us better than-----'' ''Better than what ?'' interrupted Elsi, suddenly entering tho room, her face radiantly lovely with the great happiness that had come into her life. ''Why, nothing will please us better than to make our home here after we are married, sweetheart,'' Noel concluded, laughingly, as he kissed her blushing face. ''It is papa's wish, darling.'' Elsie ran to her father's arms and kissed him fondly, saying : ''I never want to leave you, dear papa— never !'' ''Only for a little while. You must have a nice honeymoon,'' he smiled. ''And that reminds, me that there is a big box of wedding presents for you from Captain Parker and his wife. Now that I am satisfied I will leave you to your love-making. I see that Mr. Lawson is coming across the lawn.'' Sir John left them alone to that ineffable bliss which the true and the tried only know. (THE END.)___________________ [The place of ''Cupid's Stratagem'' will tomorrow be taken by a new tale, by the favourite author to whom we owe ''Lady Bridgenorth's Sin,'' entitled ''Mistaken Pride.' It will be found full of interest, and its incidents are varied and effective.] 