EVOLOtlOH ABD CHRISTIANITY,, ( Concluded from our last ) Bat it is not simply by an evolution unaided 'by God, for thooo who received Him were « begotten not of the will of bloods, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, bat of God.' There 1b a new order, a new tvpa pro duced, but not apart from the will of God; It ia through the natural, aided by the super natural. In other words this new type, like every other new type, was a supernatural con ception. The law of natural selection 1b not snfficlent of itself to account for any new type, as Lord Salisbury has pointed out. We call * 9 moots uepaifcuicu ucai^a ui ua--ULU, uui Scripture, more true to fact, calls them 'be- gotten ; _of God.' There ia a connection with the past organism, but there ia a differentia-. '-- tion. Sciecca cannot account for 1% but 'ecleace discovers the fact. Scripture accounts for it, and saya it is nature superadded to by God, or a super-natural conception, resulting , ' in the birth of a higher type. But this !b not a new thing at this stage, in the development, for from cosmic clond to human being, wo have seen the eamo supernatural and natural at work. Lite evolves out of dead matter ; mind evolves out of life ; morality evolves out of mind by this co-operation of the natural and supernatural. Every new type is a witness to this presence of the supernatural, or in other words, of this being ' begotten of the will of God.' Now, St. John takes us a step further in this prccscs of evolution. ' The Word was made flash and tabernacled among us, and we bebeld His glory, glory aB of an only begotten from a father.' 'The Sacond Adam,' the 'life giving spirit,' the new man—' The man Christ Jesus,' thus appears as the beginning of a new order — a new race is to evolve from Him, as a new race had evolved from ' the first Adam.' Adam waB the natural or animal man, butChrist was the spiritual man,tbehigher order r--. of, creation, ' the life-giving Spirit.' But how v - does this new type come 1 Is he dropped down \- from heaven ? No, he comes connected with Adam by an unbroken succession through the '- ' Virgin Mary. His human nature Is derived from His mother, 'man of the substance of '?' ? His mother born in the world' — 'inferior to the Father aa touching his manhood.' Bat, he too, is 'begotten of God' by a super natural begetting — nature euperadded to ; ??conceived of the Holy Spirit, born of; the Virgin Mary' — ' equal to the Father es touch Ing Hia god-head.' ' God of the substance of Hia Father, begotten before all worlds.' He Is- net separated from the lower type, but linked on to it. The second Adam comes Into the world through the womb of one \- of the daughters of the first Adam, and by a Saw of natural selection as one of the factors In the process of evolution, but not the only factor. Natural selection and supernatural conception, or nature enperddded to 'God begotten ' bat ' woman born.' And through whom does the aecond man -the. Lord from heaven come? Not through one of the lowest of the old type, but through one of the highest, in fact the highest type of the old creation. The Virgin Mary we must aoknow Sedge was the highest type of woman we can find in the old race, and though herself a daughter of ' the first Adam,' yet the most perfectly developed specimen of that race. It fa nothing but Protestant prejudice that will beep as back from recognising this. She was the one of whom the angel Gabriel said, ' Hail thon that art highly favoured, the Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women.' Because she has been practically Deified by the medieval Ohutcb, and because a large number of our Christian brethren who live in medfcevalfsm, even iu this 19 h century, address her as 'Queen of Heaven,' aud tl Mother of God,' in a wrong sense, are we to flhut our eyes to the fact; that she was the most perfectly developed specimen of the race of ?'the first Adam?' Certainly not, if we be true searchers after truth. But the Blessed Virgin was only the outcome of a long pro cess of development. From ' the first Adam' to 'the second Adam' there had to be a law of natural selection at work whereby the highest typas of the raco were specially selec ted. Adam, Eaoob, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, special types, the most fully developed morally, aro to be the progenitors of Christ. The Nation of Israel, the most perfectly de veloped of the nation*?. The family of Divid, the moBt perfectly developed of the families of Israel, and the Virgin Mary, the most fully developed of Israel's daughters, is the one through whom the second Adam comes into the world. We have, then, the new type — ?' the second Adam' — coming upon the scene. A new kingdom is begun — ' the Kingdom of Christ,' We have had the mineral kingdom, the vegetable kingdom, the animal king dom, the pre-Adamio kingdom, the Adamic kingdom, and now tho Christian king dom. But it ia the word of God who has formed it all from first to last. Each ? kingdom rises higher and springs out of tic preceding and retains i's relation to the preceding, but let separate and higher. The natural and the supernatural aro visible in all And eaoh. As the first Adam retained tho pre Adamlo nature, yet he was more than it. The pre-Adamio and the Adamic man is one man, oo likewise the second Adam retains the Adamic nnturo in its perfection without a epDt of sin — a psrftct Adamic nature, yet he was more than ' perfect man.' Human and divine natures are in tho second Adam. He is the new oreation. Standing at the bead of the new kingdom and at the end of |he old, from Him evolves a new order, pn.d he (John tho Baptist) who wag grower than the greatest of the Prophets in the old Adamic kingdom was lees than the least in the new kingdom. In the Adamic kingdom we are linked to Adam by a chain of nnbroken succession, being born into it by flesh and blood. There Is physical contact by an un broken succession ; but is it only physical con tact ? Is the propagation of the ppcci6s after all eimp'y material contact ? No more It is material and immaterial. There may be the physical contact and yet no spiritual, and the result is no production of species. The real contact after all is immaterial. It is Iife'with life producing lifa. So Christ, the second Adam, instituted a physical means of our beiDg 'born again' into His kingdom; but it was more, it was the physical, that is the channel of the spiritual. Tbe sacrament of holy baptism differing from John's baptism in that it was a baptism of water and of the Holy Spirit, and not as John's a baptism of water only. The second man, the Lord, from Heaven. The life-giving Spirit thus through water baptism passes on to us His spiritual life, and by an nnbroken chain of Apostolic succession we are born into the new kingdom, being baptised of water of the Holy Ghost or Spirit. 'He that believeth and is baptised Bhall: be saved,' said Jesus. 'Go ye into all the world and make disciples of all nations, baptising them into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' We are saved by the washing (or laver, or bath) of regeneration, and the renewal of the Holy Spirit,' says St. Paul. ' Baptism doth also now aave us,' says S.. Poter. Baptism is one of the two sacra ments generally (or universally) necessary to our ? salvation, says tbe Universal Church. ' Ye must be born from above,' aave Christ, ' of .water and of the Holy Ghost (Spirit), for flash and blood cannot inherit, the kingdom of God.' That he referred to Christian baptism the whole Church testlfie0, and never was it disputed until after the division of Christianity into, sects and parties. He says, when spank ing to Nicodemus, ' If I have told you earthly things and ye believe not, how can you believe if I tell you of heavenly things.' It was of earthly -things He had Bpoken, and not of heavenly, and the highly-developed specimen of the Adamic kingdom did not understand Him, bat it was none the lees true. To become a member of the new kingdom, to become a Chrlst-lan, they must thus bo born of water and of the Holy Ghost (Spirit). Bat being born into the new kingdom was not all. No ; you must live In it. Live by its Jaws, live the spiritual life. Live not like Moses and tbe prophets, but like Christ, the second Adam — a higher lifa than was dreamed of even by John the Baptist. ' Like Christ,' not like Mobbp, or like Isaiah or David. The supernatural life, not the highly developed natural life, must bo lived. A member of the kingdom of Adam must not live aB though he belonged to the pre-Adamio kingdom, 'and a member of the kingdom of God must not live as though he belonged to the kingdom of Adam, but the life of the kingdom to which he belongs — the kingdom of God. To live lower Is to Inherit greater condemnation. Birth is but the start ing point, but living l3the oiject of the birth. He was 'the life,' but he was more, 'tho bread of life,' and thus if we would live His life we mast feed upon Him — we must eat Hia flesh and drink His blood, Faith alone can do it, but through the outward and visible ' bread and wioe.' The great sacrament of His body and blood was thus Instituted by Him to be the food of the mombcra cf His kingdom. Feeding by faith on the spiritual food the spirit is strengthened and refreshed by the body and blood of Chrisf, as tbe body is by the bread and wine. No trausubstantiation but sacramental grace, 'the real spiritual food,' as opposed to 'the unreal transub stantiated bread and wine.' Bom thus Into this kingdom we are to live and go on evolv ing upon the higher linea of the kingdom we aro grafted unto. The great process of evolu tion is then to go on in us through Christ tie seoond Adam, the Great Atoner, until Hia raco is brought into at-one-ment with G d, and through that race angels and principalities and powers are 6u' j^oi unto Him, and Gad is all and iu all. Foxes are still increasing with alarming rapidity in tho Arapiles and Kowree Shires. At tho last meeting of the Kowree Shire Council Councillor, Robert* son, of Mortat, brought in a large number of foxekioa caugUfe on or »ea? tt»e estate. 