THE- hi: Rangers :of Razorba'k: o A harradlve of Botany Bay. ta \- lan he (IN TVENTY PARTS.) dr da sti PART XIX. sh ha Indeed he soon began to see that ap so far as he was personally concerned the discovery he had made assisted m, to his safety. He was aware that ab the dead man could not have been so many months in Sydney, and of of course was not likely to have a large hc circle of acquaintances. He would rui also, if necessary, be able to deceive to the friends of Joseph Davis or Emmanuel Gosford, by his know- ha ledge of events connected with the soi deceased. As he reasoned on the hi, subject, the enormity of the tragedy began to dwindle, until it shrunk to a n very small proportions in his power- o ful mind. to IIt was broaid daylight when he de- en cided to go through with the plans thi he had formed, and-the sounds.out- TI side showed that people were begin- Sl ning to stir. There was no time to be be lost, so going to the kitchen, he a concealed the dead body of the dog, deciding to bury it during the com- oa ing night in the back yard, if all re! went well. This done he returned fer to the room where the foul crime an was committed, and divesting him- be self of the blood-stained clothes which he wore he proceeded to don th the garments of the dead man. da They fitted him fairly well, and when ou he looked in a small glass kept in to the apartment, he was pleased to see tr the transformation effected. There was still, however, the scri ous difference in hirsute appearance a to be overcome. The black beard sic worn by the-outlaw was "not more in than three inches long, while that on pr the late owner of the shop was quite su a foot in length. Though the idea was most repugnant to him, he recognised it was absolutely essen- hi tial to safety that he should put on nc the beard taken from his brother's or face. dc With that purpose in view, he cut as off short his own, and after a little se trouble, fixed the false beard on his , face. The change made was mar- th vellous, and even the most intimate R acquaintance of the late Joseph fa Davis would have failed to penetrate da the disguise. The chief danger of ho failure in his plans rose from the PC lack of knowledge the pretender had c of the commercial transactions in su which his brother had been involved. h On that point he would have to hi exercise the utmost care, cc In searching the room he found an bottle of whisky and nearly £0oo in sc money. The spirits were acceptable, b, for the shock of the discovery when la Davis found he had killed his ol brother, had greatly unnerved him, E and he was glad to revive his droop- sc ing courage. Before opening the ' shop the counterfeit proprietor made c a large fire and burned some of the t stained clothing, which he had dis- h carded. After consuming half the a: bottle of spirits, he decided to throw ithe shop open, it being about nine " o'clock, but he took good care to se- ' cure the doors leading into the other apartments first. k When he opened the front, he h found there was not more than half d a dozen shops in the vicinity, but q further to the north, beginning about c a quarter of a mile from the shop, Sydndy proper began, There were a few persons moving along the road, and two of those when passing nodded to him in a friendly way. ,Evidently they thought it was I Emmanuel Gosford they were sa- t luting. Less than a hundred yards i distant, he noticed a store, and as I there was no food in the house, he determined to trust himself as far as t the place, and purchase what be re quired. It would also be a test as I . -':to the value ofthe disgiise. t Closing and locking the door after I him, he proceeded along the street C with his right hand in the pocket of I the .coat he wore. There- was a . loaded pistol there, and recognition , ' would mean death to some one. Assuming the most nonchalent de- I meanor he could, the outlaw entered * the store, where he was greeted.as .,, Mr. Gosford." - The salutation was returned in a general tort of way', and he then ordered what he wanted. The storekeeper .appar ently did not have .the .remotest suspicion he was serving anyone saving his neighbour, the jeweller, and as Davis returned to the shop he'felt that his plans were working out splendidly. If those who were most intimately acquainted with the dead-man, mistook the murderer for him, then surely outsiders would not discover the dreadful fraud. During the day only a couple of people came into the shop, and they were easily dealt with. From his experience of the previous night the .outlaw knew the usual time for clos isi, and when it arrived, he prom (ptuy put up the shutters with a feel ing of relief, that the first day was over. The tension had been con siderable, though not so much as imight have been expected under the .circumstances. He had been able ito get abundance of food and drink, .which were so much required, and * hat- had a strengtheni.:g effect on him. 1i *When.the shop'was closed, he at I a once went to the back and made a t hole to bury'the dog. When this n was done, the remainder of the tell- ai tale clothing was destroyed by fire it and while it was burning, Davis o. helped himself to more than one It draught of hot spirits. During the rn day he had thought of removing the stretcher on which his brother had la slept to the kitchenfor he did not c< hall fancy making a bedroom of the h apartment underneath which the st murdered man was interred. c< As it might look suspicious to re- st move the furniture, the idea was fc abandoned, but all the same he re- tc solved not to sleep in. the chamber c. of death. Shortly before midnight tc he entered the room, and taking a tt rug from it, he passed the night in in the kitchen. It was in vain he tried to sleep on the rough couch which sc was in the apartment.---Though he at had no rest the preceding night,. B soothing slumber would not visit b' him woo it how he might. tc Two or three times he dropped into a fitful doze only to arouse with Ii a start in a few minutes in a spasm it of horrible fear. The place seemed m to be haunted for'jhis -guilty"consci- ir once remained wide awake though he the bodily faculties tried to sleep. T The ghosts of Day, Brake, Brook, tt Shea, Hanlon and his brother, rose de before him as he had last seen them fe and for the first time, Davis realised sI what a murderer's thoughts were. At last he started up with a fierce ti oath and piling more fuel on the fire p1 resolved to keep awake and defy al fear. Mixing a cupful of whisky tc and hot water, he drank it off and al began pacing the room to keep awake, So the night passed, and a when daylight came he laughed at tt the fears he endured. The second E day passed uneventfully, and worn tc out with want of rest, he managed m to snatch a couple of hours of Ii troubled sleep during the night.' It h; was only two hours of refined mental ii agony however, and on the following m day he resolved, if possible, to obtain bi a companion. There was a con- o' siderable risk in bringing anyone sc into the shop, but anything was di preferable to the haunting fears he tr suffered alone. ir The excuse he made for obtaining b an assistant was increase of business, of and when the young man took up ci his abode with the late outlaw, the b neighbours were glad to know that to one at least amongst them was L doing well. The very day that the r, assistant was secured, the little settlement was thrown into un- ti wonted agitation by the news that si two of the famous outlaws known in ti the Colony as "The Rangers of tl Razorback," had been captured. In ii fact they had been secured a few o days previously, but the information p had not been conveyed to the out- g post on the Botany Bay.road. . Joseph- Gosford's ?'shop -was 'the h centre of the village gossips on the ti subject, and thelateleaderof the gang tl had to listen to many comments on p himself which were not of a very complimentary character. It was t1 now known that three out of the four k convict escapees from the Nepean t settlement had been accounted for, it but the arch offender was still at t large. A reward of eiooo was j offered for the apprehension of Alfred Davis, and the outlaw at times could scarcely refrain from laughing at the d way his neighbours discussed plans F for his capture, while he formed the g centre of the group which arranged them. It was pleasing to think that he had most effectually hoodwinked f and deceived them. In the midst of his security there c was one point which troubled him, a That was the false beard he wore. I It was necessary to keep his own c clipped close to the skin in order to ( wear the false one, and once or twice he actually thought of shaving. The danger of that course however quickly dawned upon him, In his convict days of course he was shaved weekly, and if he were to revert to that practice, recognition might follow. The long beard was the palladium of his safety, and he must keep it inviolate. - It soon came to his ears that Lewis and Zieman had confessed to the authorities all they could regard ing the outlaw gang, and of course Davis himself came in for his full share of blame. The captured con victs only told the truth, and in fact the case against Davis was not painted so black as it might have been, .The only thing that caused the lateleader of the bushranging band any concerwivas the emphatic opinion expressed by the prisoners that Davis had made for Sydney, and in all probability was being concealed by someone in the chief settlement. At first the authorities would not give credence to the statement, but at length they were so impressed with it that a domi ciliary search was ordered. As a result, the premisesoccupied by Davis and his assistant were searched by a party of constables, backed up by a military escort. The result was barren, and- in fact the Sepisode partook more of a pleasant : meeting between the outlaw and the police authorities than a domiciliary i' search in quest of a notorious male factor. Davis expected the party Sto arrinve, and laid in a plentiful :stock of food and strong drink, with r which to regale them. The officer t in charge of the party pronounced the jeweller to be one of the best f fellows in the country and his health ' was repeatedly drunk in flowving bumpers. This was Davis's first official \- meeting with the polic ,of Sydney, \- and the coristables, who were so Sroyally entertained, did not have the s remotest shadow of suspicion the Smuch sought outlaw was their host. r When they had gone and were busily el occupie4 searching his neighbour's e premises, tise Jew felt a sense of :security to which he had long been d a stranger. The chief constable had a informed him of the date fixed for the execution of Lewis and Zieman, k and as all Sydney would be present to see the bushrangers, it was only natural that Davis should not form an exception.' In fact he had a morbid longing, to witness the end of the two wretched men he had t lured to death without any apparent a reason. N In going to Parramatta, the out- a law did not dream that either of the ' condemned men would recognise him in the crowd, and to make as-. t surance doubly sure, he remained a a considerable distance away from the t scaffold. :He had a double reason for this. In the first place, he wan- t ted to be far enough distant to es- I cape recognition, and he also wished to escape: the crush of the mob through fear that his false beard might be disturbed. .' Lewis recognises Davis and makes f some exclamation, drawing: the attention of the Sheriff by pointing t Davis out, but orders were given I by the head official'for the hanging to proceed. 1 His recognition by Lewis filled him with a feeling akin to terror, for t it was uncanny,'! How.the-doomed· man could pierce the .disguise,. was. < more than he could understand, and he attributed it to miraculous agency. The way the young convict acted on 1 the scaffold very nearly led to the l downfall of the Jew, and he did not feel safe until he returned to the shop. t For several days after the execu tion, he remained in his room on the i plea that he was unwell, but gradu ally the fright disappeared, and he took an active part in his busines's t affairs. With the death of O'Shea, Lewis I and Zieman, it seemed as if the fu ture safety of Davis was assured. His plans had resulted as satisfac torily as if a higher power than mortal man had conceived them. 1 Indeed, the way the outlaw chief had outwitted the authorities was little short of marvellous. The means were simple in the extreme, but they had dove-tailed one to the other in a way which made the scheme perfect. It is said that the 1 devil takes care of his own, and the truth of the saying was exempified in the career of Davis. Had.he not been strangely directed to the house occupied by his brother, it is almost I certain he must have been captured by the authorities within a day or two. The arrest of Zieman: and Lewis would have precipitated that result. For a few months after the execu tion, Davis occupied himself exclu sively with the business,'and for a time he was actually pleasediwith the idea of pursuing a commercial life. He had speedily put himself on an excellent footing with the public, for he was a fellow with a good address and an engaging man n r. The trade ?which.his broth le, hi dentered upon' was also a lucra tive one, and altogether the lot of the late outlaw was cast in pleasant places. Amongst the best customers were the civil and military officers, and he kept himself on a good footing with them. Though not fond of display ing jewellery himself, he was forced to follow the example set him by Joseph Davis in that respect. Con sequently Emmanuel Gosford, as he was called, was about the best dressed man in Sydney, and his'ap pearance altogether was distin guished. He was invited to all the social gatherinigs of any note, and was in short recognised as a part of Sydney society. The fellow had a remarkable aptitude 'for reading character, both male and female, and that faculty stood him in good need. It enabled him to steer a safe course through a channel beset with dangers,-and within twelve months of the burning of Brook farm, the perpetrator was one of the most popular men at Government house. The wheel of fortune turns very strangely at times, but surely never were the ups and downs of life more strangely axemplified than in the career of Alfred Davis. The jump from a.hunted outlaw to a respect able guest at the vice-regal mansion was a big' one, but it had been suce cessfully accomplished by :the des-p \- perado, on whose head a pride was set. The liberality of the Jew had a' good deal to do with his popularity. SIt is not often those of the Hebrew :race are prodigal of their gifts, but SDavis, or Gosford, certainly was. I He did ndt spend money very freely, but' madde numerous presents of jewellery to those who might be able Sto do him a service if needed, There ,was a method in his liberality which I was worked on a well organised plan. f The gyovern~pr himself was not above s accepting a gold chronometer from e Emmanuel Gosford, and the present c was not barren of results. Shrewd people said the object of the Jew was to increase his business by giving d presenits Which were a big adver e tisement to him. It was his method , of casting bread on the waters, which e would return tenfold. e It might be thought that the for It tune which smniled on the ex-convict e would have been a solace for the y troubles he had passed through, but in fact that was not so. The more Sprosperity shone on himn the more gloomy the man became. His many h friends did not fall to note this, and r the Jew ascribed his increasing mel d ancholy to a disordered liver. Close t attention to business was telling on h him he asserted, and in truth the g convict's appearance to some extent bore out that statement. ii Dr. Johnstone, who was the re y, cognised medical authority in the o . limited but exclusively fashionable e circle at the head settlement, was e consulted by Davis, or rather Gos t. ford, and that gentleman agreed that y a change would prove highly bene a ficial to the Hebrew jeweller. This I proposal was slyly suggested by the n patient himself, but so cleverly, that d it was scarcely apparent. The Jew ir said it meant ruin to his busianesi. 