IPoliCs of the Week. \--C--- FeL wstitP ASSOCIATION.-A meeting of the Morwell Fellowshllip Association, for the urpose of- clecting office biarers for thte mneing six months, was held at tr. i'1 tonll's resildonce on Tuesday even-. ing 'In and the following were appointed -Em President, Rev. A. 'McDonald; preside t, Mr. Bruce ; vice-president, Mr. Hellor : eacretary, Mr. Gilroy ; treasurer, MbAin G y ; committee, Mesisr. J. Laonill ton, G Watson, MoKoown, Brown. and Mlisesa Nickel, Rintonll and M. Gay. A vote o' hanka wea passed to the retiring omice t siears. The AKR?MUNG LINR.-Lat night the Railwa Standing Conmmittee passed gthrong: te en route for Port Albert ie order t take evidloence n tihe proposed railwalline from Traralgon toC.arrajng. Evidles i will beh taken ? at Traral)gon Upper lynn's Creek, CGormandalo, Cerra entg a d YarraLn ;and from, there tihe tentnb ion will proceed, to Port Albert. leaving thereon Monday for Loch. The irne, a rr being passed Iby the Assembly, was on thrown out of the last Railway Bill b a emall majority of ths Upper House; so the reeslt of this visit will be watcle willth interest. PA' trT OP RATcs.-Ratepayers who wish tl ir ncnes to appear on tihe ratu payors at of the shire, are reminded that sil ratl in respect of their properties nmst b-e.pid in or, efore f Vedlnesdav next, 10th ,uIlno. 'tioerat collector will l;e in atten duance the s?lir~e office frmnt 10 c,ill. till 4 p li. t rdier t receive rates, and after hi t dI tlea. l lirll .eldincs will lie taken a resc r all atnt'ulnts ot4taln lint. Esno. ii CttO?iucr NoTrs.--In "another llli ill be found e funte first lof a series of Eo 4ii cricket notes, written by an 'ex. dt r;and we may add it well-known Austra tn bowler. We lhave made ar. rtcngec uts with M'er.e H ennessy and arpe the. well-known publlishers of Sydce, who will supply a short, chatty article ach week, which shluuld prove bueth i aresting and attractive lto lorers of the ga e. As the matches contilne and tihe At tralian meet withll more skilled pleayers he tieneral iutereet will be iltetn llioed. o far "Our Boys" tnomn to beablo to hold their own. and nntwitlitanding the fa that " Ex-player" trites that there nlno a first clasd bowler in the teacll, t e bowling seues teco good for the Englisl ? n. L?Lt1 0A Gttosr.-At the Adelaide Police 'ourt last week, A. Rudld was ohrge with unlawfully disguiesilg himn self wt I apiece of whlite cloth, and wasa therefi e tumelud to he " idle and di.s orderly." 1tt the night of 6th M1ay, IMr bIoddal w on his wAy homne when he noticede a ure int. white emerging fromn "th We C loetl Cemetery. An it approachled he heartd ay "Tles. Mlfeddal, I claiml you." t?eoplied, "Take me then," and struck the gure with i stick which lie carried. 'ie ghost closed with him, and in the slcue the sheet was disarranged and Medd4 identified Rudd. Defendant was fined s and cctso, £4 5s inc all. GoIDt. vtun A rrLtANCEs.--The fact that the l~st effort of the engineers in the Inakin of gold-saving appliances has .zesulted i a machine with the aid -of which re? capable out yielding three dwt. c, ti ton tmay, be worked at a pro. fit shoul be of particular interest to Victoriansand 'yet it does not .noem to have prows9ed any unusual excitement; in fact, thi item of intelligence' has evi dently befi passed over as of no pressing importans.. .Practically, 'this faec that thlree dwt,. a ton enay presently be i profit able yield should be of enormous conse uuence t? u. ' We have in this country incalculaqle quantities of stone that wb'ould yield a dod deal more than thre cts?'to the e ten l?bhich is simply uselest4ff? must _bee workd.undor the conditions that now prevail }n Australian goldfields. In South Afric? big reefs of comparatively poor 'qulity )ive been worked on a large scale with vely excellent results to the inven tors. Cheap coloured labour rendered thise onsumation possible, and Brney Iarnato and umany more like him in Eng land have profited gloriously.. We do not want ?ary Barney Barnstos in Victoria, nor do.we desire to create multi-million tires aelt of the profits of cheap labour, lbut altshoungh the inexpensive nigger aned the dirt-cheap yellow man aire not avail able to work out three, four and five poenryweiglht reefs, it is possible tlhat the best machinery procurable would do as Imulch ftr the laines inl this country as the low'plriced black lies done for those of Africa ; but to thleat end we need a Government of considerable enterprise and undoubted b.ickbolne, Ministers quick to aee Ia great eoppertunity. and strong enourgh to soize npon it and work it out. -Private enterprise might (ways '' Punch") do unlch, but just now plrivAte people are enlet very enterprising. anld are hird to convincue of the utility of new industries, and the initiative in mlakinlg the very n?nCt of our golden resouerces shoulld tbe taken by the State. The Government would be amply recodmpensed if, tllrough Its aid in making tile best g.ld-saving ap pliances available to the miiners, a few thousands of men yere enabled to earn a gette living. It is ant necessary to create ruiillionsir?e. it urtlr te benetit the coun try -'-mphlly tle p,-,ll*o ill enrtural indus tryul anil the itate Iusnt prosper. MA'TRtIx OY.--We undelrstanl that on Wednesday AMr. E. llhn, les and Miss Marsh.all. hol of Nrth. :lzezlwond, were united in the bor:ds of wtilnock. A Now rV PArtTRE IN COAL M.ININ.o.- An interesting, deve;opment in local ooal- tnining has taken place at Coalville. The loase formerly held by the North Coalville Coal Company (now in liqIida lion) Laving bean declared void, Mr. J. RIobb, on behalf of a party of miners, has taken up the lease. It is being worked on the co-operative principle by 10 men, all married and having homes estahlielled in Coalville, These facts having been place(] before the Minister of Railways, he at ones gave tile men a share of the coal taken, locally. The opening ceremony took place on Wednesday, in tile presence of a'large number of miners, when Mr. Robb, the manager, said that the new company was e the pioneer co.operative party as regarded coal-mining in Victoria. The tmens working in the netubs were all working for themselves, They had no directors' or menagement fees to'pay, anti the more tile men Worked the greater thleir wages. Ten BeT-sooAn INaosrT?Rr,.Mr, Tur ner's modesty will not permit hiln to accept without eote little protest tile special vote of thanks passed to lilmn by tile share holders of the Maffra Beoot-stgar Company on Friday for agreeing to realnit tile duty on the machinery which the company is importing, On Tuesday Mr. Turner ex plained that lie was toerely carrying out a promise made by the late Sir Janes Patter son, who, when in office, Ihad given tile promoters of tile company an undertaking an writing that their macahineoy would tbe admitted free of duty. -Under such cir canetances he claimed he lhait no alterna. live itit to carry out tile undurtaking even if hIe hal l desired to depart from the prae. tice hitherto'adopted when machinery of a novel character required for the establish. went of new industry was imported into the colony. Tlr~ DRAINAGea QtcsTroN:.--Municipal couancillors will' be pleased to learn that there is some likelihood of legislation being passed during tile coining session dealing with the drainage question, which, since the decision of tile Full Conrt about three yeare ago in the ease of Carelake v. the Shire of Calfiell, has been a thorn in tihe side of - annicipalities. On Tuesdlay Mr. J. HI. Maddlock, tihe chairman of thle Munni cipal Association, waited on the Premier and stated that that body having a-reed to a schelno which it was consideredr woald be equitable both to the conneils and to the owners of land through which drains were made, it desired the Ministry to draft a bill on the lines suggested and pass the measure lduring next session. Mr. Trneor promlised to ask the Parliamentary dran?ghtsman to prepare a bill to give effect to the echlne, ant also a statement showing how It would affect thlae exting law. WVhen that was done the miatter would he cnnidlered by the Cabinet, anI if agroeed to the prirtcip?es of the bill it wonll he introltnced as a Gotvernment lmeasure. If, however, tihe Cabinet did not adop, it, the ,Ministry would afford some private amember facilities for sanhlitting it to Parliament, its it was recognised that tile law as it at present stood reqnired some alaenOdleont, MottrAL.rrY Axorasr COrrTrL.-- re port has beea furnished by Mr. M'Alpine, tihe Govurrnuont vegetable patlnlogist, to Mr. Martin, Secretary for Agriculture, on tile outbreak of an alleged disease amtlong euttle in tile Yaulbnk district, near Port Fairy. where anoae 250 calt.e dit.d during the last few iunntl?. Tihe general sylmpl totms wore a drcy skin, staggering g,.it, and inability to rise .np after lying down, ulllnness of thle eye, and no power in the jaws. The residents attrilbnlad tile disease to various cacanoe, and it was even hinted it was of a contagious nature, but Mr. M'Alpino soon proved it was not infectioas. 'Thil post- ltortemn examninations amrade by Mr. Brovwn, tile veterinary eargeon of the Agricultural department, showeul that the death of tlhe cattle was duo to an irritant poison, which in the maljority of cases resualted froma the cows having eaten phnaphorised graint, tox, indl other rabblit poison either laid this season or last, One LArrnlur stated his cattle .were fund of e*trwitn~ up ra ,bits wllich had Wheen poiaounoe Now that it Iase hecn shown, Mr. A'Alpitln rm ui'ke that rabbit poison and poisonel rabbits are ca cource of daunger to cattle. meanes should be taken to pruvent stock having access to the phosphloise-l grain, poisonous ualnpounds, and the dead rodents. In somie cases, Ihowever, death ra?nlted from eating a hIllbogs plant, which was brolught frocm Tasmanlltia about 20 years ago, and has heen regarded by tihe fa:lrers of the district with ill-favotur, becases of its susplected poisonots charac ter by feeding gcinea pigs on it, with fatal reellts. Fortancttely tlis plant so falr lats only spread over a emall area, and he urgos that steps shonltd be taken-to exterminate it. iHe also nuggests that the pastures which have become impoverished by to,, close and constant grazing should be tnaewed or improved. AN EXCITING TIMnI.--A. party who on Thursday pail It visit of iusplecoion to a Blacltwarry farm which has recently passed into the hands of the mortgagee, hal a somewhat exciting experieuce. They reached the land safely and quietly enough, meeting with no obstacles beyond those furnished by 'the character of the roads thomselves, which, as most of our readers are aware. are not of the most level. The return journey, however, had not long commenced when it was seen that a good deat" more than natural obstruction had to be:faced. Stout saplings growing on the nroadstdo had been cut partly through anod allowed to fall across the track in such a way as to block it. Some of them it was possible to drive over, but the majority had to be removed, and the task was no light one, fo the travellers were unpro vided with an axe. Altogether, in the space of a couple of miles, about fifty small trees blocked the way. WVhen a number had been passed tihe driver, recoguising that whoever had fliled them must have done his work very recently, sueggested to one of the party that he should go ahead and see how far the track was cumbered. The suggestion was adopted, and the pioneer had not gone far when he heard the son-'d of an axe. [[ascening forward be was jaet in time to see a sapling fuall, and when he got up to the spot he found ~ certain roan (who had betfore been suspected) standing by the fallen tree with an ane in his hand. When the wood-catter noticed that he wams not alons he throw his axe into the ecrub, but otherwise took no action. Thebu?gy was a good deal shaken, and the driver is naturally very wruth. So fcar (says the " Clronicle") nothing decisive has been done, but there is talk of setting the law in motion Ic eme way. gaccrt?,noa.- Mr. Jostice hodges gave an ihporrtant ldecision recently. thie effect of which is thtat a perscn who elo bIeen tlunisl?ud for neglecting tc have a clihl vacuriatedl cannot be Ilnishedl again in respect of the samtt clili. 'let ma.tter arose olat of tlln prmc.a int of Itecjarnin Ralcliff, at Uawthcrn. Mr. Itateli?t wo tined £1 for neglecting to have hin cldaughter, Constance itacliff, vaccinated ice Ihaving abeen conv;cted of a simicitr offence in re letd ouf thoe tuoe child en tle l3rd of April, 189i5. ELrorornAt Rltours.-[n view of the interest which will be taken tiis year in the Legisla'ive Council elec'ions, propl.rty owners and others who are qualified to vote should take stops to see that they are on the the roll. The supplementary rolls are made up on let June, and non-residen tial owners who are not already on the rolls in the province in which their property is situnated should take out electoral rights at the ollice of the district registrar. With regard to clh question of electoral qualifi cations generally, .all persona liable for municipal rates should ues that they are paid before 10th June, or they run the risk of being struck off the rolls. The present year also is fixed by the Constitn. tion Act Amendment Act 1890 for the general renewal of electors' rights. Every. body who holds an elector's right dated prior to 3rd December must obtain a "renewud" right if lie wishes to hagve his name retained on the electoral roll. MUosiHRoot Our.T'vATIOM.1-" Five of the United States conisle in France have made reports on mushroom cultivation in that country. Tile industry is, (says the Times) a very considerable one, employing capital in and around'* Paris alone of over £1,250,000, the production being vlened at nearly £500.000, while 60 wholesale firnms in Paris deal exclusively in tmusth rooms. Tile utmost care appears to be re quired in every one of. the processes necessary for the artificial production, neglect in any one spoiling the whole crop. There nmset be a cool and even temperature, a certain moisture in tihe atmosphere and darkness, or at least an absence of t?nshine. A slight steadytdr current, moving always in time sume direction and if possible from north to south, is ale,s important. In tihe department of the Soine alone there are said to be over 3000 caves in whiich muah rooms are grown, and in thoses live about 300 people, chamuignnnnistes. who rarely see the. daylight. The caves are utnaslly exhausted stone quarries, tile descent into them being by way of rope ladders. A mushroom bed yields daily for about three monthse, and then the soil is exhausted awli is of no imoe use, iand a new bed has to he prepared. Ulenco, by timely preparation of fresh beds, mniahtrooms can be picked fresh throughout the year." 