Bowral Christian Convention. Bowiur, has now held its scvonth annual Christian Convontion. The first six conventions wero hold on tlio two opening days of oach your on Mr. B. Short's grounds. This year the regular oustom was devi ated from, in that the School of Arts was ongagod for tho meetings, nnd also that tlio date was altered. It was thought that tho Christmas and New Year festivities interfered with somo attending, hcnco tho committee fixed tho dntea this year some four week3 later.- Monday and Tuesday, 27th and 28th Janu ary, and Wednesday evening, 2!)th, wero tho days on which tho convention was hold this year. Tho following wero present at tho convention Rev. Thomas Jenkyn, Church of England, Canterbury. Rov. ltainsrord Ravin, We3lcyan, Centenary Hall. Rev. T. B. Tress, Church of England, Rich mond, Melbourne. Rev. Allen Webb, Baptist, Gcelong, Victoria. Rev. D. II. Dillon, Church of England, 1'ic ton. . . . ' Rev. Theophilus I'arr, ex-Prosidont Primilivo' Methodist Church, Surry Hills. Mr. E. P. Field, barrister-at-law, Sydney. Mr. Algernon Lirkham, Dunedin, and about to go to the Poonah and Indian village Mis sion. Miss Batchelor, from Marsden Training Home, and about to go to foreign lands. Rov. Mr. Dillon, Churoh of England, Ber rirna. Rev. .Andrew McKay, Presbyterian, Leich liardt. Mr. Chambers, Centenary Hall. Mr. J. E. Tucker, Savings Bank, Sydney. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Short. Rov. J. G. Middleton, WoBloyan, Bowrel. Rov. G. D'Arcy Irvino, Churcli of England, Bowral. Rov. F. C. Williams, Church of England, Mittagong. ? llev. J. Goudie, Presbyterian, Mittagong. S Brothers of St. Andrew, from St. Barnabus' Church, Sydney. Mrs. Fisher, of Leichhardt. Miss Newton, a Deaconess from the Church of England, Burwt 01. At 7 o'clock on Monday morning about 50 Christ ians, representing all tho ohurches, attended nt tho Bowral School of Arts fur prayer, and they report a lively and profitable time, preliminary to tho grand times that ftcro to follow. At 11 o'clock. Mr. E. P. Field, barrinter-at-l.iw, conducted a prayer-meeting till a J to-12, when the visiting ministers, who hud como by a special train from Sydney, entered the room, having chosen the Rev. T. B. Tross, of Richmond, Victoria, to bo tho convention chairman. Consequently ho took his seat on the platform, surrounded by eight other visiting clergymen and tho local secretary, Mr. A. Argtiimbau. Tho President's opening remarks were very appro t priato. He said thoy had met under very solemn circumstances, and that those-attending would bo either better or worse for so doing, depending as it: did on their condition for receiving the Holy I Spirit. The Rev. Allon Wehb said it was 25 years since his conversion, and lOyenrs sinco ho received THE BLE38ISO. In beautiful laugunge, tho speaker urged all Christians present to leave Egypt behind, get into Canaan, and enjoy the nuiishine of God. The President said that a Christian oould do more for Christ in one year with iho definite bloss , ing of the higher life thon in 20 yours without it. At3o'olock the afternoon meeting commenced, a missionary meeting. The President remarked that tho great work of the world was the missionary work, but only those really bnptise'l with tho Holy Ghost should bo sent to foreign lands as missionaries. Ho even hinted that the churohes would get on all tho better if those ministers would retire from tho work who wero not so baptised with the Spirit. Mr. Algernon Kirkham, a young man of intelli gent countenance and good constitution, who had volunteered for foreign missionary work, had been accepted, and was about to leave for the Poonah and Indian village mission field, was called upon for an address. Mr. Kirkham said it was three years since he had sought and obtained the higher, blessing, during Mr. Grubb's visit to Dunedin, prior to which his experience as a Christian was very variable- a mixture of joy and unhappiness. He remembered the joy it gave him to lead his first convert to Christ and that joy had been increating ever since. It was the love of Christ that had constrained him to offer himself for the Indian mission field, and he was going there with joy in his heart, for it was his de light to do his Father's will. He hac found it very hard to part with his friends in Dunedin, as they came to the wharf, and sang hymns, and wished him good-bye. One of the great difficulties to his going to the mission field was the financial one. He prayed about it, and was on his way to Sydney when he got a letter from some New Zealand friends ask ing him to be their representative in the India mis sion field. Just what he wanted, and he now asked their prayers so that he might overcome the diffi culties in the way of learning the language. Ac cording to statistics there were 1200 people in India dying every hour, and this fact should impress upon the heart of every young Christian in Bowral the need of true consecration, so that if there was noth ing to keep them in Bowral then they ought to go and preach in India. If God commanded them to go, He would remove all difficulties and obstacles. [The Poonah and Indian mission is of somewhat local interest from the fact that among it the mem bers of its council are the Rev. Dr. Porter, Rev. Thos. Jenkyn, Dr. Deck, and Mr. B. Short. We are informed that this mission is carried on on the same lines as the China Inland Mission.] Miss Batohelor, who will leave for mission work in the very south of India as soon as her health is Buffioiently restored, gave an interesting address. She has a pleasant, attractive faoe, which should en able her to reach the hearts of the many sad girl widows of India. It was four years since she ob tained the "higher blessing." At present she is stav ing in Bowral for the recovery of her health and strength. Her address was evangelical in manner, and was listened to very attentively. The Rev. Rainsford Bavin, secretary to the China Inland Mission, remarked that the missionary spirit was really the spirit of theCross. Tho Rev. HudBon Taylor founded the China Inland Mission, and now there were 000 missionaries on the liold. Tho mis sion was interdenominational. As secretary, ho knew something of the spirit that prompted those who wont as missionaries. About 45 Australian pons and daughters wero now in tho great field of China, where there were 18 provinces, each averag ing 20 millions of people. The President said the matter rested entirely with the Christians themselves, the question being, "What is their interest in the souls of men ?" Not "what is their interest in certain poople," but in souls of men as souls. That was the true mission ary spirit-the love of souls-wliother at homo or in foreign lands. Tea was provided by the ladies at J to 6 p.m. in the Wealeyan School-hall, and u large number of visitors and local residents sat down to the repast. From 6.30 to 7.30 p.m. a profitable interval meet ing was held. From 7.30 to 9.30 p.m. three very earnest and elo quent addresses were delivered by tho Rev. T. B. Tress (Chairman) on the " Higher Life Rev. Dr. Porter from tho text " That I may know Him and Rev. Theophilus Parr on tho subject of "Walk ing in the light." The Sohool of Arts was nearly filled with people. An after-meeting was held till 10 o'clock, a goodly number staying. A feature in all tho meetings was the hearty and frequent singing of hymns from Sankey'a collection. 