KINGSCL.ERE. ' INTERESTING TO STORTING MEN. UNDER the above heading is given a; interesting sketch of the career o the famous English trainer,. Joh Porter, together with chapters 01 training, breeding, jockeys, ' earl; two-year-old racing, and othe matters pertaining to racing, writtei by Porter himself.1 Now that Mathev Dawson has retired, John Porter o Kingsclere, is admittedly the head o his profession. ' Since he becam private trainer to Sir Joseph Hawle; in 1863 he has always been a man t< reckon with in the great classic race of the year. No- man in Englam probably knows more about th inside History of . great horses whiol have lived in his . time than Joh) Porter. All hia stories are told ii the - most interesting fashion. Ii putting the cold facts of some case before the public, Mr. Porter hai upset a good many cherished théorie in regard to turf events. Apart fron: the relish his recollections of Blut Gown, ?'? Rosicrucian, Pero ' Gomez Isonomy, Ormonde, Orme, etc., wil have for ' those racing men whc follow sport at home, Mr. Porter't book is one which should be secured and' carefully studied by breeders owners,' and trainers. He has some- thing to say on everything connectée with the business of racing, and we venture .to say there is no trainor, . owner, or breeder in Australia whc will not be able to pick up some valu- able hints from this book. The author, is not simply a trainer. He is ah all- round . man, ' of fair education, who has studied questions outside his pro- fession, ¿nd formed .sound opinions upon : many subjects which do not enter, into the business of a trainer. Judging by the description of Park- house, (a mansion occupied by Mr. Porter and his family) and the lands attached -to it, the Kingsclere trainer must have amassed a considerable fortune, and he bets but little. His good fortune has come to him as the result of . numerous victories in important races. Since 1863, horses \- trained by Porter have won £521,682 in stakes. Of 836 he has trained, 321 have been winners, and the average winnings of each horse trained is £62<f- ls lOd. The Duke of West- minster has only been racing since * 1882, and in that time, ho has won £166,685 10s. Stakes. were - not so valuable in Sir Joseph Hawley's time, but in the ten years he traiued with Porter, tho . " lucky . baronet" won £72,-707.- And this amount does not includo the Derby, victories.of Tedr dington, Muajid, and Beadsman, who ! were ' before Porter's time. . The I partners, Lord Alington and Sir Fredorick Johnston, have won £94,275, and Baron de Hirsch secured £44,290 during the short time he. was at . Kingsclero. ? John Porter was born in 1838 at Rugeley, the town in which Palmer, the infamous poisoner, resided and practised as a medical man. He w : first apprenticed to J. B. Day, b waa-;; afterwards transferred: to ) ' Goater, and looked af ter tho famo ?'"Virago, whom he considers the- be mare he ever knew. While at Find« ;he attracted the notice of Lord Wes moreland, who", afterwards secur him the post of private trainer to S Joseph Hawley. The'owner of Bli Gown never had a large stud, ar Porter had no moro than half dozen horses under his care in 186 The first horse to give tho train hopes of good things was Bedtninste whose private form made him out t have a great chance for Gladiateur Two Thousand Guineas. * Porter give particulars of a number of his , mot important trials, and these will pro-« interesting, to those people whoa business it is to try and -!' put horse -, together" beforo a. big roce. Saty ." a ; broken-down cripple," who WA only sent to'the meeting to gi ve'Si . Joseph a chance of hedging hi money, most, unexpectedly won th Royal Hunt Cup, and his ownei^woi a good stake' very much' against hi will. This was tho first importan event won ;" for. Sir.- Joseph Hawle; by Porter. Then comes th the season in which Sjr Joseph hat Rosicrucian, Green Sloevo, and Bim Gown i-ácing against Lady Elizabetl and the : Earl, belonging to thi Marquis of Hastings. Rosicrucian was tried with'Blue Gown and Greer Sleeve at two years, and gaye therr sixpoundsnnda beating. But in thc winter he nnd Green ' Sleeve went amiss with influenza, und there was no trial until just hoforo tho Derby, Then Rosicrucian, nt oven weights, beat Blue Gown a neck and confirmed Sir Josoph in his opinion that Blue Gown was the worst pf his three. Consequently he' pu id no hoed to Wells inking tho mount on Blue Gown when asked, which of tho three ho would ride in tho Derby, and stood his money on Rosicrucian and .Green Sleeve, while ho laid olí most of tho big stake ho.had about Blue Gown. As everyone knows Blue Gown Won, while Lndy , Elizabeth,' Rosicrucian, and o Green. Sloevo. we're,' dlV? badly, beaten. It1 has ' boen said that.Sir Joseph Hawley never forgave Blue' Gown for winning that Derby. Johr Porter puts it that Blue Gown simp]} ran for the benefit of the public, whc never ceased backing him from th( time he won the Champagne Stakei and was disqualified for carrying overweight. Sir Joseph told Portel after tho last trial, " I shall start al my horses, and'if Blue Gown is thc best on the day he will win; but ] declare to win with either of .thc other two." Blue Gown lost the Champion Stakes for being more than 2lb overweight. Admiral Rou; insisted that the actual amount ovei Wells carried should not bo" known Porter in his book states that it wai sib. ; . :-. " Touts were a great nuisance al ' Kingsclere in these days', but Portel J had them safe when Rosicrucian wai tied " with. Blue Gown before thc Derby. Although- " Rosi " had beer off, .nothing . affected Blue Gown who.although backward in condition ' came out before the Two, Thousand and ran The Earl to a neck in thc Biennial Stakes, and Porter assorti that he would have won but foi being lame, through having had hu plates put on, too tight.' Well, aftei the Guineas the touts argued thc i Kingsclere people were bound to trj j their Derby horses, and made iip their minds to see the gallop at all hazards. ' Sir ; Joseph and' Porter agreed with the watchers as to thc necessity of. the trial, but they wanted no witnesses. The difficult} was how to accomplish this. "Kings- clere and the neighbourhood swarmed with touts." AU possible precautions were taken for concealing the arrival of Sir Joseph, but these would have been unavailing if it had not been for the resourceful- vigilanco of, a servant of Porter's, who was told ofl to watch the movements of the enemy. There was an old toll-house on the Ovorton-road, and, as a, rule Porter's horses passed through the gateway of this'bn their way to the training grounds. On the night before the trial, of which they had by.some. means; got the^ "office," the i touts had obtained temporary pos [ session of this habitation. .Providing themselves with' liquid . and ;. other refreshments, and some packs of I cards, they arranged to make a jolly yet .wideawake, night bf it. But it happened that the other and principal parties to this , extraordinary 'trial were equally wideawake; The Kings- clere watchdog had the touts under his eye.:. Said ho to John.Porter, " If you like, sir, I can make everyono of thom safe. There's a chain and staple outside the door, and a padlock would do the job." The "job" was done, the horses taken' to ' the scene of the gallop by another way, and not a tout . saw the trial, j. Sir Joseph and Porter returned - by . way of the toll-house and found tho touts en- gaged in removing, a. window-frame. Their language when they saw. the owner and concluded- that the trial was over was " frequent and free." Next yeal" Pero Gomez lost thc Derby by a short head, and mari) thought Judge Clark had made a mistake in hoisting Pretender's number. Porter says the. race was lost through careless riding, and thinks if Wells had been in his usual form he could have won by lengths. This was proved subsequently in the Loger. ' Pero Gomez was tried twice, Tho first question he answered most satisfactory, but the second, time he was badly beaten, and neither owner, trainer, nor jockey could ever under- stand how this carno, about. Rosi- crucian raced on with great success, his iinal effort,1 when he won the Alexandra Plate, (three miles), con- ceding 7lb. to . Musket, being a very finovone. . After-. 1870 Sir Joseph Hawley's health ' began to fail, and his interest in racing waned. Sum- ming him up, John Porter says : " He was a (ino judge of racing, the very best hand at putting horses together I over meÇwith, and one of tho straightest' I ever » know. He played the game-small, blame to him ! - like a sportsman.As he himself used to say, " Ho, was not going.to take 3 to 1 about any. of his horses when he ought fairly to have had 10 to .1." : Pull particulars of tho libel on Sir Josoph'in Dr. Shprthouso's paper are givon. Tho doctor did not write tho article himself, but ho insisted on taking - the responsibility, and as it was utterly unjustifiable, he - went to prison for three months. After Sir Josoph's time, lsonbmy, tho property of Mr. F. Gretton, was the noxt crack trained at King-äclere. He was a I wonderful "horse, inasmuch . as all sorts of going came uliko to him. Ho' was "saved" as? a three-year-old for tho Cambridgeshire,.'but owing to a bungle- in his final trial, he wont to tho post without tho'stable knowing what' a certainty they had. A rough gallop previously wns good, | howover, and- Mr. Gretton' won £40,000 on tho racp. . Mr. Portor" thinks ono of .tho greatest blessings a trainer cnn hnvo is a thoroughly reliable trial h orso. In Sir Josoph's time ho possossod a treasure, in XI. ¡ Afc a later . period «Whipper In .was, : ho thinks, oven better. For fivo years " he tried everything, every distance up to a mile and a half, and never made a ghost of a mistake." lu 1882 Shot- over won the Two. Thousand and Derby, while Geheimniss took .the Oaks. Next year St. Blaise won the Derby, and it has been said that this was a fluke, and that Lord Falmouth left the field in consequence of Galliard's defeat. Mr. ' Porter ? cites several trials to provo . St. Blaise was quito, good enough to win nine Derbys out of ten. Shotover, Geheim- niss, and two others were, in the last gallop, and St. Blaise won easily, with a disadvantage in the weights. The history of Paradox, and how, after his scratching for. the Cam- bridgeshire,- John Porter . gave the owner a bit of his mind and asked him to remove his horses, is told at length. Then comes a chapter on Ormonde. This was ono of the few horses Porter never, troubled to try. He could always gallop over any- thing in the stable, and nothing more was wanted. It« was a melan- choly day for the trainer when ' he found that his champion had turned roarer. Porter does. nót: believe in breeding from roarers, .and 'thinks the Buke of Westminster was right in selling him for £12,000 rather than breed from him. .When Ormonde came back from 'Argentina Porter wont to see :him. .The papers had long accounts of the meeting of the " old friends," and - how Ormonde recognised his old trainer, and how glad ho was to see him, etc. As a matter of fact, Porter says, the horse's naturally sweet temper had been soured, and he "went" for ' his old mentor directly he entered his box. - Friar's Balsam, the next crack of Kingsclere, splintered - » his jaw through treading on. the rein of his bridle while left in his box by a çàre loss boy. He lost his chance in tho classics through this, but beat Mint- ing for the Champion Race at the end of tho season. Orme and La Flecho were never put together as two- year-olds, but through the'stable " clock," Massacre, Porter makes them out to have boen about the same thing. -He is positive ' Orme was poisoned before - the Derby, and states that he now knows who did it, but he is unable to obtain tho neces- sary . proofs. When ; Orme' lost the Leger which : La Fleche - won, Porter says he was , horribly ridden: Mr. Porter - thinks roaring .would be obviated by doing away, with early foaling ; he hates early two-year-old racing, but he holds, a poor opinion of the average jockey, and doubts whether any good has come of raising the minimum weight. Altogether " Kingsclere'". is ono. of the most interesting books on racing we have I read, and it should meet with a readv sale. Australasian;' 