A CHEISTilAS 3IOENING SOLILOQUY. "We're up. old Horse. With this Christmas dawn IE^ TV sim"s just seen thro* the gold and red; The blue sky s drawn like an azure awning"" Painted with myriad hues o'eihead Well t*V our pace at an easy arable. And follow the road the whole of the way. Tfe just the time for a riding ramble,— We're roamed together before to-day. Tourre curving that neck of yours, my beauty I Hie not as sleek as in other years ; Yot long ago 'rwas a losing duty To keep yon polished from hoofs to ears. Then a girl's light hand was on your "bridle, A soft, dark robe swept against your side; Her saddle at home is lying idle,— There's somebody else's horse to ride I An, well I we had our good days together, It's time to lay the ghosts of the past; It cannot always be summer weather, Those golden hours were too sweet to last I So we were left in the larch, old fellow. And you will never carry again The lithe yonng form, and the tresses yellow, , TV eves Eke a violet swept with rain. I wonder if it was worth the worry— To break one's heart for a season's bliss I —Steady there, Hover!—you need not hurry, Yo pace will salt me so well as this. Sid the sweetness of love a joy outweighing TV curse of anguish that followed hist ? The bTTcc Vc gone, bat the bane is staying, I often iaar that it means to lash The sun rides up from the IowhxQs, bounding TV level paddocks that check the plain, splendid spaces of sky *■*'" t.m-n<Hn<r The gorgeous dyes of the dawning stain. How she used to love the sunset splendor Wandering homeihro' thefiushedBnsh ways ! Her eyes had a beauty almost tender. You'd fhrnV a soul'lay behind her gaze! Bui God. who lent her an airy sweetness, A subtle charm of color and mould, Imgul to give her a. sonl's completeness,— Her looks were warm as her heart was cold. Yo curse of mine to her head is dinging.— The soft, cnrled head X had died to win. fy.tv c"Hfn fn tr fi ofthB snake help stinging, hi spite of the hues on its painted skm r— "Twas not Vr -fa-nit fhnt her glamor slew me, K-inm«y the best, as a woman may ; And yet, God knows; 'twas her best that drew me, i TTw Vcj-fVf wnn ttip that sntrrmer day. I dreamed her an far too holy XFea to be held by a man's rough grasp: Did she cross my path to teach xne solely How vague and void are the dreams we clasp ? ***■*«• The morning sunshine is growing mellow. The last mists melt in the cloudless blue z Ifsthne to be home. old. fellow. There's work that's waiting for us to do. Yo tinging of Christinas chime comes calling,— The nearest steeple is mil es away! TH mead that wall where the stones axe falling, And take "the pair for a spin to-day. —Prom Jesxetss Cashichael's ** Poems.7' ^lehriHe,. Mullen and Slade, publishers. 