One Thing and Anotber. Messrs Cook, Kiiton and Salmon, mom bars of the Victorian Assembly, who wero despatched to Queensland on n fedoration mission by the Australian Natives' Associa tion in Viotoria, addressed a public meeting in the ContenninI Hall,Brisbane, on Monday. About 500 persons were present and all the speakers received a good hearing, but the audience manifested very little en thusiasm. The delegates will tour the prin cipal towns of the colony. Preaching in Birmingham the other day Mr Georgo Muller, of Bristol, who is now in his 9lBt year, gave some remarkable statistics .with regard to the Orphan Homes near Bristol, which he has conducted foe over 60 years. During this time ho has fed, clothed, and educated no fewer than 123,000 orphans, it a cost of £1,395,000. The buildings alone involved an expenditure of £115,000, and the yearly maintenance amounts to £26,000. The most remarkable point of all is that he has issued no appeals, and has never asked any man lor a penny. Sevoial weeksago a marker was hit near tho \ butta by a Lobel bullet ricocheting from a post, and lately three men were injured simultaneously under similar conditions ab Cherbourg, this latter triple accident being triced to the fact that a bullet had struck an iron upright of the target-stand and had been broken up into ub least three pieceB, This clearly shows how dangerous to tho butts is tho presence of any Iron parts about the targots. As a matter of fact, thiB facb wan recognised in tho French Regulations of 1888, which destinctly prescribe tho uso of of wood only for tho targets, although per mitting the old stylo of targets to remain iu uso for practice with tho 1874 pattern rillo. Henco the use of targets with any iron parts for practice with the Lobel riflo was contrary to regulations.—L'venir Militaire. Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli; and tho baoilli wo find in human ex crement, and in drinking water fouled by such oxorement. It is probable that no man or woman over tnkos typhoid except by swallowing somo typhoid bacilli. Tlioy may bo swallowed, as wo have said, in drinking water, or thoy may bo flying about in tho air in tho neighbourhood of typhoid excre ment, and may bo swallowed with mouthfuls of air. Which then Is tho first and Iasb commandment' of typhoid prevention? " Cleanliness ; personal and publio cleanli ness." It Is oil there. If wo keop ourselves olean ; if wo koep our drinking water felean ; if wo keep our clusols and our drains, our kitchen, soullerio«, gardonB, street, and towns entiroly cloun, typhoid will be practically as groat a stranger to most of us as is tho ghost of King Solomon or tho shado of tho oxtincb Deinotliorium.—Hospital. Giant Wilkins, who is now numborod among the many attractions at Olympiu, Is twenty-two yours of ago. He wos born ab St. Paul, Minnesota, U.S.A. Hp is 8 foot 2 inches in height, and weighs 380 lbs. Ho weighed 10$ lbs at birth, and did not grow until tho fourth year. In his eighteenth year ho had grown pretty nearly to his pre sent hoight. His parents were of normal lioight, as aro his brothers and sister. His father is 5 foot 6A inches ; his mothor 5 feob 7i inches. Ho wears a 24 shoo and a 14 gfovo. His ring on tho third finger will oncircle a penny. Ho takes a 9J hat and a 21 inoh collar. According to German pro fessors ho is tho only physically perfect giaub ovor known, his only blemish being a slightly misshapen face, tho result of an accident: Since his arrival in Europe) ho has visited Paris, Berlin, Nico, and Monto Carlo. Ab Vienna ho was interviewed by tho Emperor of Austria. Ho eats on an avorugo about throe times as much as an ordinary parson. Ho Is porfecfly intelligent, and is a skilled and enthusiastic amatour photograghor. 