SROMAIANCE OF MAORILAND, (corrmoir. " r ON THE WAIKATkIO. iBY I ATIIAq VESTSURY. " CHAPTER L t It was quitd unnecessary for the wvorthy Dr. Cranium of bump-reading notoriety, to elevate his shaggy -eye brows'after he had run his fingers over t certain portions of my head, to.inform t me that I had the proclivities of the vagabond strongly developed. The information was not needed, inasmuch as I knew I was, and had been' from I my cradle, a careless, rambling Bohe mian, with a light purse and a lighter I heart, and with a thorough hatred of anything in the shape of work. Sitting here, in the cozy parlor of the "Black Swan " Hotel, on the Cres cent, Auckland, New Zealand, I, Frank Leigh, feel that I am indeed a rover, as untiring and as restless as the wan dering Jew. I have done the grand tour of the known world and have pulled up here at the antipodes for a spell. On the \----oe it~-side -to that-on which I - am seated there is a large mirror, which reflects a tall, muscular young fellow of eight-and-twenty, face oval and darkly tanned; eyes brown, keen and honest ' in expression; brow bold and open, with just two furrowed lines upon its smooth surface; hair dark andinclined to curl, with a fair-sized beard. Such am I, as I look at myself in the mirror on this November night, S---. K, In the fire which blazes and crackles in the grate before me I can see again many faces that have come and gone during my wanderings. Now it is a black countenance, anon a white one, which instantly changes again to a color neither black nor white, that looks at me from the coals; while domes, steeples, pagodas, temples, mountains and landscapes come and go between. "If ye plaze, what time are we to start in the morning, eh ?" The individual who presented him self and interrupted my reverie with ithe above interrogative was not a hand ,ome fellow by any means. Picture to yourself a low-sized youth about six teen, with a tkin the color of mahogany and a head that would have graced a giant, if the appendage of a thick mop of unkenipt wool upon it could be ac counted a recommendation. This gen tleman, who assumed to the refined sort-dc-?ltme of Floxy, was nop? other than a reprobate half-caste Maori dad, 'who had learned to ape the vices of the Pakebta without attempting their virtues." Floxy, otherwise Hapo Tuki, had a dil-may-care "boy" from the Eme ral 'isle for his Padre, his mother be ing a Maori woman. r How poor Floxy come into the wvorld no one could say; but one thing is certain, viz., that Barney M'Blatheri a'?in (the aforesaid 'Padre) brought the -wee coffee-colored bundle of humanity home to his hut on the Waikato; and here, amid choice language and whisky tippling, the half-blood was nursed un til he was able to run about and scratch for himself. Floxy learned two things while be meath the paternal roof--to drink like :a fish and to speak in the richest of brogues. i Of course, there was a certain dignity about the lad, but when he did unbend and condescend to open up a 'conver sation, it appeared the strangest of all strange things to listen to the dusky tascal chattering in true Irish "patois" and with a tongue that a Dublin Jack eaen might have envied. \- For a consideration, Floxy--who, by the way, was- well acquainted with every Maori settlement in the Waikato country-had agreed to become my guide and servant.o.n .? lour I had de sided to make among some?f the more important tribes of the Maori rgce. The "consideration ".consisted of .five pounds, one suit of blue serge .and a 'double-barrelled gun. For these arti cles Floxy had bound himself to serve mne for twelve months, with-the under standing that I allowed a pint of whisky and some " tobaccy" every week, when procurable, during the term. The half-caste had one quality which shone conspicuously above his other attributes, and that was impudence. Io doubt the boy inherited that from his Lather; and I am of opinion that if FJoxy had imbibed nothing worse from thesame quarter it had begP well for him. : Turning to look at the rogue, as he stood in the open doorway with a grin an his dark face, I could not help wish i ing that his wardrobe had been jro keep " ng witl his efifrontry. A female's hat, wvithOtit the ghost of a show of ribbon, in shape a mushroom, graced his head; yvliile a well-ventilated coat and trou serst, which originally had been made for some' person of three timesthe guide's build, clung Io him for bare Jile. S:' Did ye hear what I axed ycz ?" i "" Of course." " Well, it's waitin' I am." *" Waiting for what ?" STo be.tould whin we are to shtart,' cried Floxy, taking off his hat and rub bing his flax. S"Bother you . I've told you twenty times already. Now, be off and- shut the door." The half-caste obeyed, but the next moment his uncouth profile appeared again at the open doorway. "Shure there's an ould frind down shtairs that hasn't set an eye on me these three years before to-day. Per haps it wouldn't be convaynient for ye to advance one of thim pints of whisky jvhich ye promised, sur ?" ' No, it is not convenient, Floxy." '"Thin the divil a toe will I budge wid ye, mark that," replied the monkey, boldly. I felt inclined to hurl the decanter at ;imn but thought better of it and gave him the contents instead. I wams not certain I haddone a wis thing in tin- r dulgine the debasing propeusity; of:. ny i quandain friend on the eve of our de-I I parture. . ]_- t Inthe mormning, however, the young I imp was stirring betimes. Before the t sun began to gild the peak of tht Great Barrier seaward; the horses were sad died; and,. having settled my bill, I bade. adieu to the buxom hostess of .I the "! Swan;" The New Zealanders style them. selves Maoris and consider all other I races as far beneath them:. Whether the word Maori may be derived from. the root uri (dark) or considered syn-; onymous with moor (negro),.I. leave others to determine. With the natives 1 Maori simply signifies indigenous or peculiar to New Zealand. ' ' Theoriginof the Maoris is shrouded in i profound obscurity. Mysterious legends and traditions seem to convey vague historical reminiscenses. Their history of the creation of New Zealand is given in the form of a legend by-one Te Papa, a fisherman, corresponding well with the notions of the people whose abode is surrounded by the sea and whose chief occupation was fishing. The natives call the northern island "Te Ika Mani," the fish of Mani. Mani, according to their traditions, is a hero-the very Hercules of their my- I thology, who achieved many wonderful exploits. He was their first instructor in boat and whare building and the in ventor of the art of twisting flax into cords and snares; he killed the sea monster Tuarua; he is lord of fire and water and .likewise of air and sky. To Mani is due the honor of fishing up the land out of the ocean; hence its name, the fish of Mani. The hook on this occasion was the jawbone of one of his ancestors. The 'fish was hardly above the water before the bro thers of Mani fell upon it to cut it up. Thence originated the mountains and valleys and all the irregularities on the surface of the country. Strange to say, the outlines of the north islana actually resemble the form of a fish and the Maoris even designate the. localities corresponding with the respective parts of the fish. The sou thern portion is the head, the north western the tail, Cape Egmont the back fin, East Cape the lower fin. Wanganui, they say, is the salt water eye of the fish; Wariaropa the sweet water eye. Ringoronga. is the upper gill, Te Rimurapa the lower gill. The active volcano, Tongararo, with Tape Jarpo at its base, forms the stomach and belly of the fish. This was certainly an interesting proof of the correct knowledge the ..aoris had arrived at regarding the island, long before its outlines were-re presented co a map. Crossing the narrow isthmus between Onehunga and Otathahu, J struck out on the Great Southern Road, nowy the great highway of the interior, then ex tending little further than Drury, a small township about thirty miles from the city, . Of 'course -here --r'ap ;sai extensive trade carried on the' broad bosom of the noble Waikato River, which is - navigable for several hundred miles; but the settlements of the Pakeha did not extend beyond the Papakuri Range. The King Chief, William, had fixed the limit of the white man's land to this spot and had issued the mandate, " so far shalt thou go a:id no farther." Beyond the range there sg .no vestige of road. Instead of the cozy far;ns. the fenced meadows, with cattle graz ing therein and the cultivated squares of green and brown that had met our gaze on the other side, there was no;: thing now around us but a wild andt vast panorama of hill and vale and mountain, thickly strewn with trackless forests of gigantic kauri pines, which tade the light above almost darkness to us beneath their towering heads. In othe?r parts of the world I had made most of my joirmeyings by rail or steamboat, but I soon 4iscovered that a trip up the Waikato meant toil gnd hardship of no light order. Paths pr?gtccable for horsemen were not manyn p the other side of Papakuri. Indeed, the diticulties arising from the nature of the country to be travelled had been mentioned byj the guide, who told me plainly that the horses would be a hindrance rather than a help. This I discovered to be correct before we had gone a score of miles :from Drury. The narrow paths of the Maori led over hills and mountains in steep as cent'and descent, rarely in'the valleys -nearly always along the !ridges, honeycombed with holes and loose bo0slders. SActingaut Jhe advice of Floxy, who proved a very exceient guide, I barter Sed the nags for a stout canoe from some hatives at Kiki and took to the river ais .the'betternmode of travel. I lha4.decided to pay my first visit to His Maor.i ~fajesty Hoki, it Man gartouorta, the capital' qf the various WVaikato tribes. From Kiki" the dis tance was only forty-one miles, so we pushed on that day and part'of the night in hopes of re:iching the Maori metropolis the nextimorning. ' :.- CHAPTER IL . ,Toki, King of all th .Maoris, se lected Te Raupa as the metropolis and the, future capital. of the riorthern island, The royal residence, a spaci t ous hut buil.t in the' most approved I style of native arehitectuire anid sur mnounted by tall flagpole, was ituated upon the highest Ipoilt beside a.liread arm of the noble river, one htindred \- miles west of the city of Auckland. The Maori city lay further down, in a green valley, and consisted of about two score large whares in straggling lines, with smaller ones between, a:ndl covering a space of about forty acres. The pennant of His Majesiy had a centre piece of white, surrounded by a rbroad crimson border; on the white I there was a blue cross, beside the in s scription, "Nuitirug'" a?nb ,t.e dia mond-shaped figures.-. In,front of the palace a warrior, .armed cap-ti--pic, stalked to and fro, after the manner of the. Guard sentinels at Windsor. ( I A more- lovely spot could not have t been selected,in the whole of. New . ,r Zealand than this same hapu, or dwell- a ing-place of the Majesty of M'aoriland. On a wide, verdant slope, overlookiing . .the stream, stood the city, while here, ti in. the .intervening space, a kind' of natural Coliseum, runged .in with tall kauri pines, served the tribes for a gi I gantic council hall al/rfsco. ' The rear of the settlement was pro- - tected by'the high "Manaku Hillswhile a. a fine stream of clear fresh .iater,called the Meri Meri Creek, meandered with many a curve aid serpentine twist through the heart of the valley, irrii:at- li -ing the cultivated patches of potatoes ra and sweet yams in its vicinity 'and t whose banks were runged by long lines a of lIeach trees, planted at the sugges tion of the King's Prime Minister,' of whom more anon. It was a numerous but somewhat motley guard .of honor that escorted Floxy and myself from the lahding place to the door of the King's man. sion. .. .. Without any further ceremony than a kind of grunt, I was ushered into. a long, narrow apartment: in whichi were I assembled more thart thirty persons (including sevefal'ladies). In the royal Maori I found a 'squab f. fellow, about sixty years of ege.and robed in a blue coat with' red facings a and shining brass buttons. His lower s extremities were cased in a long pair of seaman's boots and hp had a beard and s moustache, which imparted to his fea- c tures a'Moorisli look:.- t Squatted round his majesty in a cir cle were four Maoris, whose faces riv t etted my attention. The foremost of - 'these was a noble-looking savage of Herculian proportions; in the prime of his manhood. Unlike most' of his race; this Miaori had a clear oliye skin, 'straight, prominent pose, wyith eyes as keen as' those ' of a - hawk; the lower t portion of his face washorribly tattoed, which completely disfigured his other wise bold add handsome features.: His hair ivas ornamented by a single moho feather and he wore- a toga; or cloak, of white muka flax, unsullied by any tag or emblem whatever. This was :Te Puki, the bravest and wisest of his race, who perished with seven hun dred of his warriors si* months later, t while defending paterua against 'he f volunteers, 1 Seated next to Te Puki was an indi vidual totally different, both in person and costume. This was a boyish chief, thick-set as a prize-fighter and with a round, bullet head, not unlike a pro fessional bruiser. He seemed at least twenty or thirty years the junior of his neighbors. His eyes, which by some freak of nature were placed very wide apart, never rested on one object a moment together, but roved round and about with a sly, suspicious glance, which displayed the double, treacher ous disposition of the owner. To at tempt to, fix his, look was out.of the: -questidn; bit'th-riiotifefit you `turned your glance from him you instinctively felt that he was examining you, .The forehead of this youth was low and overhung to the brows with thick, mat ted hair, but in spite of 'thg thic cov ering thereon one could clearly discern three distinct qualities standing: pro: ininently forth in Te Kooti, namely, cruelty, firmness and the sublety of.the devil. On the other side of Te Kooti sat the one-armed chief, Te Muna. IHot headed, ignorant and. stubborn, he' held the ,Gate Palp with only two. hun dreg half-armed warriors 'against a whole Imperial regiment for siv ?days, when he eventually perished, together with his unfortunate companions' The fourth Maori of the group. presented a different aspect to the others. A well-made savage, with a tattoo mark upon him standing boldly up; with folded arms, the dark, Moor ish-looking head fixed firmly iupon broad and ample shoulders and the swarthy, open' face, manly and stiaight forward in its every expressiotn. Rewi, The Eagle, will never be forgotien by our generations of New Britishers. either Maori or Pakeha. Able alike both in the council and ii ti?e'feld, this great rebel leader has been a thorn }q the si4e of the aniti Maori'party since hle was sigtee't year; old. : " Electro-biologists certify that the whole human family have a certain amount of affinity or repulsion towards eachtsother,.as?thle.case may be. In my case, I confess I felt drawn with friendly feelings towards this young chief, feelings which, in the course of events, I found were mutual. He could speak English fluently and without the least reserve proffered to gjlye me all the information in his power abou; .is people. After salutf?ng us, the Kiing nquired if we had brought him any touacco and, receiving a reply in the negative, became sulky and handed us over to the Prime Minister witoqt fqrthmef ceremonry. Marupi, otherwise Ben Cable, the First Minister of State at the Court of Heki, was a runaway sailor front one of the war ships previously stationed on the coast, who had made his way iuto the VWaikato country, mnarried a MIaori woman and settled down on the land which he received with her and so became a naturalised Maori and a Kingite. The Premier had a joll--loG; ng face, tanned to the color of mahogany; iron grey whiskers, which imet tunder the chin like a coil of rope. A good-hu mored face on the vwhole, crowning a muscular, thick-set firame, wrapped in jacket and trousers of mica flax. -e was seated on a rum-cask, with a .newg paper, which j.he had been reading to his royal master. foen Cable greeted my companion warmly, yet with a certain sly and pre .endcd gravity onvly assumed for the nonce. To me he bowed stilily, but invited us to his house by the river bank,- -To be C;airtmd, W I - 