St. Patrick's R.C. Church. Confirmation Services Address by Archbishop Dunne. On Sunday morning his Grace, Archbishop Dunne, administered tho Sacrament of Con firmation after II o'clock Mass nt St. Patrick's Roman CathoHo Churoh to 160 chtldron (90 girls and 70 boys). Theso chlldron havo been under instruction for somo timo past, and navo uoon woll grounded in tho pro- cepts of thoir faith, and in this good work the Sisters of Mcroy, tho Rev. Fnthors O'Connoll and Ilailcy, assisted by a nnrnber of willing helpers, havo spared no efforts to havo tlio chlldron properly proparod for tlio important ccromnnioa which tookplaao last Sunday, Long beforo tho time arrived for tho colo- bralioa of tlra II o'clock Mass tho spacious late arrivals wcro ncarco ablo to obtain stand ing room. Tho majority of Iho oamlidotos nttondod tho 8 o'clock Mass, whuro they mado their first Cuinmunion. Subsequently thoy wcro cntortaincd nt breakfast by tho Sistora at St. Saviour's Convont, and whon thoy as sembled at 1 1 o'elook In tho scats roxorvod for Lbctn within tho sanotuary, tho girls robod in their whlto robes, and tho boys in smart suits, proaontod n most attractive appearonoo, nnd a brighter and Iieallhiar looking lot of children it would bo difficult to find. Ab tho vonorablo Archbishop— who had baptised many of thoir parents— subsequently roinnrkod, "Tho rhil- ....... W, «.,w vuwua uru UIIIOMg 1110 grandest iu Australia : thoy havo no superiors. " His Grace looked exceedingly woll, and spoko with all his old timo oloaruoss and vigour. Addressing his old parishioners and thoir ohildrcn, und. In many instances, gramlubildrou, ho seomod and folt thoroughly at homo. And woll ho might, for around him wcro runny of "thn old familiar faces." Still as bis keen glanco swept ovor tho largo con gregation ho doubtless missod many of his old parisliionors, who havo, ovon oiuoo his previous visit, joined tho ranks of tho " silent majority In God's Acre." But thoy havo loft plenty to tako thoir plnoo, ns tho host of bright happy iookiug juvonilo faces tostifiod. Mass wns colobratod by tlio Rev. Fathor Loaoo, und at its oonolusion tbo Archbishop, provious to admiuistoriug tho sacrod rito, do- livored tbo customary preliminary address to tbo children. In tbo alaarost and simplest of languago bo oxplaiuad that whon tboy woro littlo cbildron they woro broogbi to tho churoh to bo baptlzod, and thoir sponsors ontorod into a covenant with God that thoy would lovo Him aud servo Him all thoir livos, and God promisod to thorn all nocossary holp in this world aud avorloRtiug happinaoss in tbo noxt. Thut was tho oontraot, or covenant, ootorod Into by tho children's sponsors on their bohaU, and by tho priest on tlio part of God Almighty at tho timo of thoir baptism. Whon thoy woro baptlsod thoy woro rooolvod lotc tho body of tlio Christian Churoh, aud thoy bocamo, in tbo words of St. Paul, "heirs in tbo kingdom of God, nnd oo-boirs with Josus Christ." Now tlio ohlidron bad como as it woro to tbo tbroshold or bogmnlng of thoir rcsponsibilitioB of iifo. Tboy woro invitod now to oomo forward, no longor through thoir sponsors, bat by thoir own sets, or doods, to confirm on thoir part tho covonant of their baptism. Tho ohildrcn woro now supposed to bo old onough to know what thoy woro doing, to bo acquainted with tho principles of tho law of God, and bring so acqualulod, they camo forwnrd and coufirmod tho covonant of thoir baptism, and honco largely tho saora mcnt was cnllod Confirmation. Tho chlldron confirmnd on thoir part what tho rponsors promised for tliom, and tho Arohbiebop, or Bishop oonfirmcd on tho part of God thoproniiso inudo by God at their baptism, In order that tlra Huoramont bo carried out in tho truo Hliirit two thimrs woro iiaoosmirv.' Ono wns that thoy should bo old onough to roalisn tho responsibility they inoarrod ; tho other was that thoy should nuflioiontly understand tho law of God. It was nocoRsary they should bo old ouotigb to kuow what thoy woro doing bccauso as littlo ohitdroo, throo, four, fivo, or six years of ago thoy woro not held responsible for their arts. Thoy woro supposed to know tho law of God booanso that law was oxaotly what was imparted to thorn in their Catoobism. Tho Catouhisra was but an explanation fitted to thoir minds of tho Ton Cammandmonts. Tlio priuoiplos cf tho taw of God woro .nontainod In theso Cammandmonts. No human codo was so oomprohensivo as tlioso Commandmonts- Thoy oovorcd tho whole law of God as nocossary lor their salvation. His Graco then wont on to brioflyoxplafn tho Com mandments. Tho first Ihreo Commandmonts doflnod thoir duty towards God. Tho fourtli Copiinandmont roforrod to thoir paronts, and tho 5th, Glh, 7th, ami 8th luid out tlio wholo rolation botwoon man aud man in this world. Moo had four rightp in this world tho right to his lifo, tho right to his family, tho right to his proporty, and tho right to his ohornotor. Now tho Commandmonts covered thoso rights. Thoy mast rospoot thoir neighbor's lifo—" thon shalt not kill." They most rospoot thoir neighbor's lifo—" thou shult sot commit adultery." Thoy must rospoot thoir nolghbor's proporty—1 "thou shalt not steal." Thoy must rospoot thoir neighbor's charaotor—" thou alin.lt not boar falsa witnoss against thy noigh- bor." Thoy wonld soo that tho wholo of tho relations botwoon man and man woro covered by tho commandments, Thoir Coto- chiBm was a small explanation of tho law of God, and thoy wcro required to know thoir Catechism, lo understand tho law of God boforo thoy woro admitted to Confirmation, Tho saoramont of Confirmation oousistod as it woro of thrco parts, tha first wuu tho Bishop ex tending his hands ovor thono to bo oonfirmod, ino second was tno sign ot tho cross— too holy chrism, and tho third was whon tho Bishop prayed to tho Holy Ghost to oomo down nnd tako possession of those souls nnd hodios that had boon oousoorated to him. Tho Bishop ex- tobdod his hands on Iho part of God to tako delivery of tho children, and mako tliom soldiers of God. Tho Bishop thou signs tlio Sign of tho Cross bccaoso tho Sign of tbo Cross is God's noil upon oarth. Tho greatest oathodrals of Europe, such ao Cologno, Notro Damo, and othor grand cathedrals raised in God's namo rill boar the Sign of tho Cross, and tlio poor paupor's gravo in tlio gravo-yard had a littlo wooden Cross on it as God's seal, and sign and mark. Tho littlo child going to baptism re ceived the sign of tho Cross, and tho old man journoying down, going to his gravo, rocoivod tho last sacramont from tho ohuroh, aod a Sign of tho Cross. The Sign of tlra Cross was God's seal from bcglnoing to ond. The early morning prayor began with tho Sign of tho Cross, and so did tho ovooing prayer. It was God's mark and God's son!. Ho sealed thora with tho Holy Chrism, booauso chrism was tho oil with which Kings wore annointod. Thoro was David and tho other Kings of Israel who woro annointod as Kings and ontorod God's Kingdom, and bccamo worshippers of God and Josae Christ IIo would now epoak tc the adults presont In God's oomo ho asked them to go back in spirit to tho time and plaoa of tholr.own Con firmation, porhaps many thousands of milos from thoro, perhaps many yours age, and aRk tboroeolvos In the proBonco of God and in tbo surroundings of tho naorcd ooromony in what way thoy had kopt their part of tho oovenant with God. It would bo woll that all of thorn did that, and did it now. Tho timo would como perhaps whon tboy least oxpnoted it, whon tboy would bo summoned boforo Al- mighty God togivs an account as to how thoy faavo kopt tho covonant. Whoo their Lord was dying on tho cross lio woa sbto to turn to His Eternal Fathor and say, " Fathor, tho work you gavo mo to do I havo finfshod." Could any Christian say tlio sarao? Thoro wero many of thom if they spoko candidly when ovoning came wonld luvo to say, " Fathor, Mastor, tbo work you gavo tno to do is not iinlshod tho work you gave ino to do I havo not oommcncod. ' I havo Hvod my lifo through, and novor gavo it a sorious thought." Let them cxamino themselves boforo it was too lato. His Graco, assisted by tho Rov. Fatbors O'Conooll, Byrno (Dall.y), Bailoy, and tho Passionists, . Fathers Vincent and Augnstinoi then aritnlal't'wcd tho saoramont to tho chil dren, after which ho delivorod a second ad- dross, prognaut with good advioo as to thoir fntnro. Ho warned them against tbo rooks on thoir concso in tho voyago ot lite, The throo most dangerous rooks, and those to which ho wished to draw pnrtioulnr attontlon woro idlo- noss, bad company, and forgotfulnoss of God. On each of thoso dangers tho Archbishop dwelt at somo length. In tho first plnoo ho warnod thom against idlonnss, whtoh was tho ruin of thousands. Ho holiovod in sohools for odnoating our youth, but of what avail was education if Idlonoss crept in subsequently t Of what avail was scholarship If unaooom- panied by indnstry ? Idlcnoss simply brod loafors. Ho advised tho children to bo indus trious, to bo fond of work, and ho advised the paronts to inouloato industrious habits In tho obild. Ho noxt dwelt on tho ovlls of bad com pany, ovil aasoriatoB, bad books, all tending to corruption. Tho results of bed oompaninn- ship woro bad languago, drinking, gambling, all of wbiolt led to actual criroo. Ho advtsod tho paronts to bo moro caroful, andsoo what oompany their childron kept. A hailstorm might dostroy in a fow minutes tho work of many months of toil, so a had onmpsnion might destroy iu a fow days tho work of yoars of propor Instruction. Ho laid oniphasis on tho dnngors of ovil assoriatos for both boys and girts, nnd thon passed on to another dangorous rook in tho sea of lifo— forgotful noss of God. Ho ponrtrayoil tho ronto that led to this, carelessness leading tonoglootof primary rougious unites, morning anu even ing prayers, coming to mass, and so on atop by stop to oomplots forgntfnlnuBs of Iho Crontor. Ho oarnortly hosooohod the ohildrcn to avoid thoio rooks, and besought tho paronts to tako all prooantions to assist tho children in tho straight courso that led to salvntlou. Show thom a good cxatnplo in industry, conduct, language, and performance ol roliglons duties, Othorwiso tho work of yoars might bo thrown away. At tho oouolusion ot tlra addrOBs tho Arch bishop, in aooordanoo with a oustom intro duced into Australia by tlio Into Archbishop Folding noarly half a contnry ago, adminis- torod a pledgo to tho ohlidron that they would abstain from all alaoholia liquors until they rcaoliod tho ago of 25 yoars. Ho remarked that if any parents had any objoation to their childron bring under suoli a ptolgo thoy had only to communioato with him within tho noxt 48 hours and ho would not register suoh childron as having takon it. In tho ovouing his Grnoo, by npnainl rcqaost of tlio PassiouatO Fathers, proaohod tho Mission Sormon. Tho saorod building wns orowdod to tho doors, and ban drodo woro anablo to obtain admission. Tho services did not commonoo until 7.30, but boforo 7 o'otook there was not a vacant isat In tho spnoious odifiao. Tlio prouondhigs nommonood with tho Rosary, ami while this was boing said a procession of tho childron attending tho Convont Hohool look plnoo through tho Churoh, tho many littlo onos with thoir handsotna banners presenting, a vory attractive nppoarauae. Tho Arohbishop took for his toxt Matt xxtr oliap., 2-14 v., " And tlio King wont in to soa all tho gnosis, and ho saw thoro a man who had not on a wodcllng gar ment," on whiah ho proaohod a vigorous, logiaal and oloqaont disenurso, dividing his sormon into throo (roads, "Tho ludtotmont,'' "Tho Dofonco," " Tho Punishment." Ho im- improssod upon tbo oottgrogatiou tho import, anoo of boiogalways proparod for tlio spiritual fonst so ao to avoid boing bound and oast out into tho ootor darknoss, aud ho mado an oloqnont appeal to alt not only to attend tlra Mission thomeolvos, but to iuiluimoo their nolghbors In a litro direction. At both morning aud ovoning sorvioos tiro choir, under tho vory ofiiciunt leadership of Mr. G. D. Stanfiahl, gavo uu oxoollont rondor ing of a inoet tasteful eolootion of vooal nud instrumontal roliglons musia. lloforo tlio 11 o'olook mass Mr. J. Nolan ably sang " Lot us Adoro " (Manners). During tho Mass tho " Ifyrio," " Gloria," and " Sanotus," woro takon from Haydon's Imperial Mass. At tho Offertory Miss Wnkoilold gavo a beautiful rondorliigof " Anitna Chri-tl." Tho" AgnuR DriJ" wns takon from Wohor'n Mass iu G, tho soloparthoing splendidly takon by Mius Jnyoo. Daring tho Confirmation ooromony tho " Vonl Creator Spiritus " was glvon at intorvals. Tho proooodings In thn morning olosod with ZingarolH's " Laudato," the solo part being effectively ronderod by Mr. F. C. Warron. In tho ovoning tho " Mission Hymn " was niooly sung by thn Choir. At thn Ilonodlotion tho " O'Salntarls " was woll sung by tho ohoir Coltinl'H fult Litany was oxoaodingly wu) rondorod by Miss Sohmld, Miss Wakefield, Miss Joyoo, Miss Sydos, Mr. C. It. Wood, and tho ohoir. A vory fino rendering of M'Ardlo's " Tantnin Ergo " was givon by Fathor Angus- tino. At tbo conoluolon of tho aorvioo " Voni Creator 8piritiis " was sang. Miss Flynn prcBidod at tho organ with lior usual skill aud tasto. 