THE NEW GILBERT-SULLIVAN OPERA. Iu the new Gilbert-Sullivan comic opera, which was produced for the first time recently at tbe Savoy, Loncon, the opening scene is in the market place of the Grand Duchy of Pfennig Halbpfennig, where Lud wig, the leading comedian, is about to marry Lisa, the soubrette of the troupe. Tbey are having the wedding breakfast before the ceremony, as all the clergymen in the Duchy I have been assembled to discuss the proce- j dure for the (jraud Duke's marriage on the j morrow, and a clergymen can'c be had for ; love or money until after six o'clock. There , is a plot on foot to dethrone the Grand Duke in favor of Dummkopf, the Theatrical Mana ger, who has promised to give away all the offices in tbe Duchy to biB company in order of their theatrical standing. This will, of course, make Julia Jcllicoe, the Leading Lady, Grand DiicbesB. The plot is dis covered through Lndwig's error in telling it to the Duke's own private detective, and to escape the consequences of dectection Dummkopf agrees to fight a ' statutory ' with Ludffie — and be dead — for By this ingenious law, li any two shall quarrel, They may not fight With falchions bright Wbich seemed to him immoral : But cach a card should draw, And he who draws the lowest Shall— so 'twas eaid — Bii henceforth dead. In facta legal ''ghoest.' Tbe winner is to stand in place of tbe ' legal ghost'— Adopt his poor relations, Discharge his dcbtB, Pay all bis betB, And take his obligations. This law, however, is to expire next day eo Dummkopf, who draws the king to Lud- i wig's ace, supposes he will merely find a temporary refage in it. j The Grand Duke, hearing of the conspiracy, is very much terrified, and to avoid being blown up fights the statutory duel with Lud wig (each getting tbe light card up hit 6lcevc, to avoid accidcnt), in order that the latter may beGrand Duke iu his nlacc for he day. Ludwig is no sooner Duke than he lecrecs that the law of statutory duels shall :ontinue iu force for another hundred years, i.nc( expects to have good times with his )ride, the Soubrette. Julia Jellicoe inter rcnes. He is bound by all the obligations -f Dummkopf, who had promised that the jlacgsin the Duchy should be bestowed with jtrict regard to every one's theatrical stand ng. Of course, the Leading 'Lady must jilay the part of the G rand Dachees — not tbe Soubrette— BO Ludwig bos to marry Julia. Upon this, the Princess von Krakenftldt, a wealthy widow, loved by the Prince becau6_i in her he found the only women whose parsimony equalled his own, appears . The Grand Duke had promised to marry her if his betrothed, the Princess of Monte Carlo, did uot appear by tbe appointed time ( wbich she could not do, as her father could not raise the money for the journey— could not, in fact, leave his palace lest he should be arrested for debt). Thereupon Ludwig, having taken the Duke's obligations, must marry her— which he do: s under protest. Upon this the Prince of Monte Carlo arrives with his daughter. Dummkopf and the Ddkc rc-appear, dressed in mourning, as befits 'legal ghosts.' They want to know how things are going on, and hearing that Lud wig has ordained that the law regarding statutory duels shall last another hundred yearsare naturally indignant at theprospect of waitinga ccntury before tbey can reclaim their brides, and' their social and legal existence, when it is discovered that, accord* ing to Pfennig Halbpfcnnigisch law, the^aoe counts lowest, and that therefore Ludwig died in the first statutory duel, and«o never * fought the second at all. This puts every* thing right, and the curtain falls. There is plenty of material here for fad. and If some of it is a little stale, if on* wearies of jcstB on the House of Lords and irrelevant verbal gymnnBtics, there is still plenty to langh ai, and much beauty of =olor and gracc of manipulation left to jnjoy. 