AH UNCANNY SPOT. The most uncanny spot on the face of the earth is very likely within the boundaries of the Superstition Mountains in Arizona. The name was given tbis range of volcanic rock by the Indians, and never was name more appropriate. Of course, the educated man oi to-day knows that all of the strange and weird phenomena to be seen there fare the result of natural causes, and can be easily explained, but the poor Indian who knows not these things can hardly j be blamed for having a wholesome fear of ! any part of the range. The stories the Indian tells of the Super stition Mountains would take months to repeat, but the idea of all ot them seems to be to impress the fact that the Arch Fiend who presides over the domain has a \- hatred of the red man and is constantly j laying traps to destroy him. All who : enter the realms ot horror do so at the ! risk of never coming back, and all who do come back have some new tale to add to j the already long list. Tbe most terrible things told of are the swinging stones that turn out from the walls of a canyon and crush the passer by. Then there are places where the ghosts dsnce ; trees that reach out their branches and entangle all who come near them. There are caverns filled with witches and devils, and awful birds that make the strangest sounds. Wild animals by the thousands come right out of the solid rocks. Fishes with legs come from the lakes and drown all within their reach. Fire and smoke and horrible groans fill the air on all sides, To see the weird aspect of this uncanny region it is best to select that time of the month when the moon is full. The most interesting portion is on the canyon that opens on the north side of the range, pnd if the explorer will manage to get about tin miles into this during the day time and, after selecting a quiet spot, wait for the moon to rise, he can have an experience he will never forget. In most parts of the world silence comes with the night. Just the reverse Reams to be the case in the Superstition Mountains. Or is this imagination 1 But suddenly the air is rent with the most unearthly shrieks that ever fell on mortal ears. Again and again it comes, and rolls aud echoes th'ough tbe canyons, getting weird with each reverber ation. The cry is taken up on all sides until the mountaius seem like a pandemo nium. But nerve yourself and pass on. Kepp to the bottom of tha canyon and you will be in no danger of a 'fall. Silence will come again, and if you kepp on you will see a cone shaprid mountain rising before you. Approach closerand a castle hs perfectas any on tbe banks of the Rhine will appear perched on its summit. When near enough a soft, muffled sound of footsteps will be heard. What is it ? By looking carefully a pro cession of panthers can he seen walking around the cone shaped mountain as if guarding the castle on its summit. Round and round they go, looking neither to the right nor left, and though considerable noise is made they will not notice it. Many old hunters say that it is possible for a man to walk right across the line and the panthers will not attack him. Further up the canyon are numerous gulches, into which the moonlight falls One of them has a sort of overhanging ledge and beneath it appears a crowd of men. Surely they are talking. For their arms appear to move, their heads turn from side to side. Some have on white and others appear to be of different colours. A peculiar sound like the murmur of voices fills the air. By climbing a small canyon to the left the most startling sight in the mountain can bo seen. Surely it is not of this world. The canyon suddenly terminates in a gulch that crosses it from side to side. At first sight it is ouly an abyss of inky blackness. Listen! A peculiar rumbling sound can be heard, and from the profound dapth a white-robed figure will appear. Then an-^ other and another, until there is &, whole procession of ghosts passing over the Iriuk. Many of them will wave th^ir arms as if beckoning the observer. While this ia goicg on clouds will appear to float in from tho sides, and perhaps thunder will be heard in the distance. But tbe procession moves on ^and passes up a canyon, and finally disappears over a cliff. Silence will follow, and tha ace will be repeated. ' This canyon cannot be traversed further, but by turning back and entering a small valley on the other side three giants can be seen in conference. They are sitting close to a tree, and their attitudes show them to be interested in what one of them is saying. Further up the canyon there is a large cliff and behind it at intervals can be seen flashes of light. Thunder follows and the earth beneath your feet will shake. Possibly one of the flashes may throw you to the ground, and you can hear the hissing of Berpents near by. If you happen to be in the right place you can hear a grinding' sound and a rock on top of a cliff will swing outward. But it won't fall as the next shake will swing it back. Dozens of experiences like tho^e just related are likely to befall the night ex» plorer in tbe Superstition Mountains, so that when daylight comes he will feel as if he had beeu to the infernal regions or with Alice in Wonderland. 