THE STORYTKIJUSB The Grey Man. By S. E. CROCKETT, Author of 'The Sticks Minister,' 'Tbe Raiders,' ' The Lilac Sun Bonnet,' &c.; , Chaptee LI.-MARJORIE'S GOOD-NIGHT. iLven as the knife fell Marjorie Kennedy sank down upon iLc platform of the scaffold as though Oie stroke had fallen upon her. 1 hbeatbed my sword and sprang upon the slippery stage to bold her up. When I took her in roy arms t-be was K-ft and pliable in all her limbs like a little child. Till now she had been like a woman ci' steel, or rather like one carren in alabaster, as I have said. But now she lav in my arms like a new-bom babe on the nurse's lap. We cairied her, making strangely enough for some way but one procession with the bodies which were, to be buried without the wall, while ibe heads were to be set on the pikes of the Nether Bow. To the Earl John's lodging we brought her, and in a room with a wid« uorih -looking wiodew w laid her down en a bed. Then we stood about In r, Nell and I Inking nearest. In a little while Marjorie turned her head to Ihe window. The sun had ricen on the sea. A north wind wah blowing. All wan very blue, and smacked of the fresbnesc, for the window was open, aud tbe tea air blew off the lirlh almost a6 it was wont to blow in at the windows of Culzean. Thrice she moved her lips to f peak, but till the fourth time no word came. ' I have done the work appointed,*' ehe said. ' I ken not if I have done right.' She paused a little, and her eyes, as she looked at the sea, were wide and wistful, ' It is a hard saying that Vengeance is His. I thought it would be sweet, sweet,' she said, ' but now in the mouth it is bitter.' ' Hush thee, Marjorie,' whispered my Nell ; ' it was the justice of God upon the murderers of our father.' And I thought that 'she spoke well. But Marjorie waved her aside. ' Like enongh,' she answered, quie*ly, as one tbat has not strength to argue but holds the contrary opinion. ' Done is my task. I go to take my wages. Fare you 'well.' She turned her face a little outward so that she could see the sea and the three Fife domond?. ' A dearer shore,' she said, softly, and then she started a little quickly. ' Where am I \ ' she asked. But ere we could answer, even Nell, who stood beside her and stroked her brow with a soft hand, she went on : ' Oh, what am I saying ? Do I not mind our garden at Culzean, with its rose walks and ihe sweet dreaming scent of the sea P ' She looked up at me as it had been archly. ' Launeelot, lad,' she said, ' hast thou thy gage that I gave thee there ? Ye thought me once to be sweet. And I liked you. laddie, I liked you, with something just an inch on the hither side of loviDg. But now Nellie will lo?e thee a mile on the further side. Conit you, ? Xell,' she said, beckoning her, 'brave, sweet j sinter ! Let not thy sharp tongue longer injure j thy warm heart. Give me your hand, little sister j Nelly. Where is it 'r I cannot gee for the j light.' ! And finding Nell's hand she put it in mine j across the bed. ' Gocd-night, bairns,' she said, ' even so keep j . them till the world ends ! ' Then for a short space t-he was silent, and when she spoke it was very low, go that none but Nell and I could hear. But the words made us tingle when we caught them. j ' Gilbert,' she sa'd in a whimper, loud and dis tinct, ' is it not hWf.et to walk thus hand in hand on the green meadows.' Are not the flowers swtet, lad of my love ? Shall I sing -hce a song about them r For I can sing both bi-;b. and low.'' j Then she spoke as it had been liltiugly and glad-omely. ' Gilbert, let me set this spray of ihe bonny birk above thine heart. Meibinhs it hath a strange look. I kenned not that it grew in our country- j side.' j She broke into a lilt of song that brought tbe tears hasting to our eyes. But i-he was smiling as she never smiled on me, and tbat mace us weep the more. It r.eitfocr rrew in «-kp nor tUtch Xor vi t in or.y eb*uch. 1 in Ht the s»'»te» o' VnTadUe. That birk yrew fair enough. ' Gilbert, Gilbert,' )-he said lovingly, like one that is caressed, ' is not this winsome ': That we ? ? The death of Marjory.-— Chapter LI, are walking here together on the Jiving green — - with all our fashes, all our troubles left quite behind us. There was something .that wearied us, something that parted us and twaihed us. I cannot mind what it was. Bnt, love of mine, it shall separate us no more for ever and ever I ' Her voice had almost gone. But once again it came louder. ' Keep my hand, Gilbert.' she said, trembling a little, ?* there is a mist coming up over the green — a cold, cold mist from the sea. But keep thou my hand, dear love, clasp-it tighter, and it will pass over.' I saw the sweat Tweak on her brow. ' Gilbert, Gilbert,' ehe whispered, searching above her with her hands, and opening her arms, ' clasp me closer. I cannot see you, love, for the mist. I cannot feel your hand.' I bent my ear. I thought she was gone from us. But, as from an infinite distance I heard the words come to me . They were the last. ' The mist has gone by, dear love '. The mist has quite gone by 1 ' .'.. Chaptee LII— HOME-COMING. The snows of another winter had fallen, frozen, and lain long ere they were at last whisked away by the winds of a brisk and bitter March. It ?was now again the springtime upon, the face of the earth — the time of the singing of the maviE, of the sweet piping of the blackbird on the tree. The flowers were green, too, over the unforgotten grave of our Marjorie. And we who loved her had won to a memory that was not wholly sorrow. Specially we minded on the sweet and profitable end t-be had made, when after many days of bitter winter in her hcait, forgiveness and love unsealed her bosom. It had been a long winter for ub all, because it behoved that I should go to London, there to be made one Df the King's new Baronets. For I had told all the tale to the King-, being eo charged bv the Earl John. * ' Ye.',' said he, ' keep ever your thumb upon the matter of ihe Treasure of Kelwood. And I will keep mine upon Currie, the laird thereof.' And so he did, and for his sake chiefly he set to mending and patching onr old tower of defence on CMij* Ailsa, and there he gave one Hamilton the charge of him, together with John Dick, the traitor, and two or three more. ' It was a fine, quiet pkee,' said the Earl John,. ' and would give them time :ind opportu nity for repentance — -which,' added he, ''seems more than I am likely to get with all this business en hand.' For the Earl John was now waxen one of the greatest men in all Scotland, and withal he had all lhe pnwer worth considering in the shire of Ayr. So that even the Ciawfords, warning now their ancient chief, and broken up with bickerings among themselves, seut an embassy of peace to him. It chanced that it came in when tbe Earl was in a jrood humour. ' Ah. John Craw fold,' said Cassilis, ' 'tis a chanjred day Fime Bargany and you chased us off Skeldo Haughs. It looks as if the sow had not 1 een flitted that far after all. But ye shall have the peace ye ask. For we live under a gracious King that loves peace as much as when ,he lived here in our kindly North. And he is now the better able to enforce it. Therefore, look ye to it. I will maintain you Crawfords in your heritages of Kerse — which by my power as Bailzie, . I might legally declare forfeit. 44 Bnt I will tell you what ye must do in re turn. Ye shall render place and precedence at kirk and market. Ye shall bigg up your dcor in Dalrjmple Kirk, and ye shall abide from taking your placeB there till ye have seen me seated.' So, dourly enough, the Crawfords agreed. For indeed, they could make no better of it, eo great a man was our Earl grown. But to me he wae ever kind, and none so ill given when it liked him. For he said ' Build your bonny house of Palgowan and I will plenish for you, and that not meanly. And you and my cousin Nell shall rear me lusty knaves to protect my south-western marches and keep down the reivers of the Dudgeon,' which, indeed I was right willing to promise. So it came that he would have it that our wed ding must be held in the ancient strength of Cassillis, which sits by the waterside not bo far from the town of Ajr. And a bonny, well sheltered place it is, not like Culzean, which stands blustering on the sea- brink, over frowning all. And because the Earl of Cassillis said it eo it was bound to be. For he was our Nell's guardian, and besides ve that were to live under him were none the worse of keeping in with him. When I went to do my courting as often as not I found my Nell walking with him, and ofttimee ? » flouting him. And when 1 would have cautioned ~ her, ' Tut,' she said, ' he likes nothing better. If his own wife flouted him he might stay better at home.' ' Cousin,' Nell would say, ' cousin John, ye think ye are such a great man, yet a little musket ball, or a wonfen's bodkin, would let all thy greatness out. Ye should think of tener on that.' J ' What, Nell,' said he, ' is it that the hour of 1 thy marriage grows so near that thou must test I thy preaching on. me. Keep the proof of it for thine own good man.' 'Ah,' said she, ' perchance my cousin, the noble Countess, has already given thee thy fi.il of it.' ' Thou srt a forward chit,' said he, wringing her ear between his finger and thumb. *' I hope Launce will swing thee tightly with a rol- knotty birch for thy naughtiness.' It was a notal le day when we were imrrkd. All the m( rning my heait was beating a fine tune, lest scmuihing shoulJ happen ere I got my lass canied eff to our home. Alone I rode from the Cove of Culzean to the house cf Cassillis. I started Lra ve and early. And my good old horse Dom Nicholas rede for onre the right road and the ready, the gait that I loDged to go. I had a coat of blue silk ujou me, belted about ihe waiet with ihe King's belt, and the King's order of knighthcod upen my breast. Silver- buttoned was my coat, and of solid silvrr, too, were the ac coutrements of Doua Nicholas, aye, to the very stirrups and the bioidery on his blue saddle cloth. I wore the Earl's sword, his first gift, swinging at try side. And as Dom Nicholas and I went through Mayhole, wot ye, if we kept our heads up. For the lassies ran out in clouds to watch ue past, and what was even better the lads Bulked and turned their backs, saying that they would be shamed to lay « leg across a horse's back thus apparelled : for f knew well what they were thinking. Had I been trudging afoot in hodden, and they riding by all in silk, with a gold- hilted sword, that is just what I should have said. So the black envy eating in their hearts * and lowering in their brows cheered me like old French wine on a cold day. j I had not gone far across the bent when I saw a calvalcade before me. It was the men of Culzean, j whom I had often, led in battle, come to give me si J gay sending off. And at their head rode James ^ (now the heir), mirthful Sandy, and my own little j Davie, dressed like a page-boy in satin of blue and gold. ^ . . They gave me boisterous welcome, and they that dared would have broken many jests of the time-honoured sort upon, my head. But on such a | day a lover's head is helmeted alike against the j hand of war and the strife of tongues. i The Earl met us at Cassillifi Yet*. Where- | upon I dismounted and bent upou a knee ; he \ raised me right courteously and led me within, conversing all the. while as to an equal. Such a j repair of folk I never saw in all Carrick or Kyle. And sweetest of all to me it was to see my father, for my mother had bidden at home to welcome us when we should ride southward. ' And among the Bret that came to bid me wel- ( come were RobertrHarburgh and his wife. Now I : (Cbntinued on page 1340.) j when, the eyes of my ancient love crossed mine I perceived well that there was wickedness lurking in them. And so soon as her husband was called away on some business of the JSarl's I had proof of it. For Kate Allison came near to me, and, setting her hand on the silver buttons on my coat, as though to pick a thread, «he said : ' So, Launcelot^-or, I should say, Sir Launce lot — is it come to this \ You see that there bq none eo distasteful but in time their fall will came.' ' Nay, Kate,' I made answer, ' it i« not I that was disdainful. For do you mind who it was that . told me certain plain truths in the Grieve-8 hoi&e; at Cnlzean 'r ' ' All '. Launce '. ' said Kate Allison, '?' own it now. Was not I a kind leech to bite one I loved so healthily for his good and for the cooling of bis blood.' ' Kate Allison,' said I, ' thou wast ever. 3a . minx, a tearing rogue of rogues. But thjr di*dam . might have gone near to «:osting me my Life,' . ? ' Go tf», Sir Want-wit,' said she. ' Did not I know all the time tint thy love for me was no more tban boy's fondness for kitting comfite ;and to be made of by *a bonuy law- ': : Why, thou wast fonder of Nell's little finger than of my whole body.' I knew that Kate spoke truth, for, indeed, it was many months since L had so much an thought ? upon her. But this I told her not. The Lord knows how seldom she had ' thought upon me. But wh«n they meet together, old sweethearts take pleasure thus in dallying with the past when -, all wounds have been healed and uo hearts broken. But she saw my eyes wandering, as I fguess, every way about, and she must needs, tease me about that. ' Nay,' she said, ' ydu wiUmot see your posy till she comes, iii to the minister and you. So e'en content*' ye1 for a' little with an oid married wife and the mother of a'family. Ye shall have time and to spare with your bonny bride.' ' Kate,' I said, ' ye will be my friend as of yore.' . ' Aye, and hold my tongue,' she said quickly. ' That you did not always then,' said I, ♦' ior there never was such a love-making in the world, as with your tqll-tale tongue ye made mine.''*'; 1' dared not lay my tongue toi a tender word or so much as seek a favour, as it migth be innocently betwixt man and maid, but it was * That ydtftaid to Kate on such a night!' or ? Think ye that I count su little on myself as to be content with Kate Alison's cast-off sweet speeches.' ' And the pretty besom laughed. For though a married wife, she was not a whit sobered, as one might see by her eyes. .... -;.-?. ' It served yon right,' said she, -' b.uV dp me some justice. Did you over hear of .my telling of the night of the fair at Maybole v and of Our - home-coming by the woodland way ? ' ...^ V? .. '?No,' said I, curtly, for I liked -[Bt; the memory specially welJ, and wondered that ,ehe did.' .- - ;? . ' Then,' said Kate Allison, *' rail no kno're against woman's tongues. For they ars' likeyard ' measures, and let out uo more than likes thejn,' At this moment they called to me from the great door, and Kate Allison waved me'of&Tjrith.; a gay ' tJp and away, ' Sir Knight ! ' Miiich ' pleased, me more from her than a Benedicitefrom ? ? another. . ' .' '??' The minister had come, they said, and was waiting for me, I went in, and lo ! to my wonder; who should it be but llaister Robert Bruce, the sequestrated minister of Edinburgh, with ivhom the King bad fallen out concerning the matter of j the Growrie riot. . -.'V '';' The Earl smiled at my wonderment. .-'; ** Art thou astonished,' he said, ' thus to see our ancient friend in Carrick!- Thinkest thou '. that thy marriage will not stand ? Trutli it 'will. For even King James will think twice or he bids his bishops unfrock a man that bides with me in my defended house of Cassillis.' ' Sir Launcelot,' said Maister Robert Bruce, ? bending to me with his ancient sufficient grace and reverend dignity, '? this is the happiest hour with me since I quitted my high town upon the Lone Ridge. . It is true that I wander like a ghost seeking abode. But yet the King hath not bent tnie. Yea, though thrice I have met him in con , ference.' Then went the Earl out to bring in my Nell. And I listened to the minister of Edinburgh speaking. Yet for my life I could not fix my mind on a word he said. For there was a jangling as of bells in mine ears, and all the pulses of ;-lny life .--ijeat together. . Then knew I of a surety- that none had-pWer to touch my heart like Nell. .. -Kennedy, the lass that would not need to change her'name. - At last the door opened and she entered. Lean ing on;the Earl's arm she came. There was a rim of gold about her hair like a coronet. And when John, of Cassillis bent over to me, as he gave her into my hand, ' Take her,' he said, ' I had set a .coronet about her brows for to-day. She is in/ baste to be wed, or I might have put a real one there, .. And then what.had. Sir Launcelot done sthen, poor, (thing?1' - - ' And I think the cold, tall John was more than /ond of our Nell, concerning which I often rally he* now. So Nell And I were married. And as though be -had known her and her teaming temper, Matter Robert Bruce paused long on the word ' obey ' when he came to put the question to her, and also upon . the words ' obedient wife.*? . Wherefore I havW ever Ii^ld him to. b« a man, gifted above most with the second sight, ''? .. .Between the sw^eet hazel and the flowering may xre ' rode south— we two alone. For Robert Harborjgrh bad led a company of men with flower wreathed lances and of young maids on palfreys too the csou roads which lead to Culzeau, where there met us a party with the loving cup. But now we were won clear, and «?-,? as we rode we caught hands and laughed and loosed them again — all for gladness to be alone. And we * looked in one another's eyus, and nigh brought us and our horses to destruction by thus looking ; and overlooking. Till I felt mine -old Dotn ' Nicholas, a horse that loved not philandering, grow restive and sulky under my thigh, tossing his head np as one slighted for the unworthy . And ever as we rode she charged it upon me that then- and then, and at such another time, I loved her not. And ever I swear that I did. Then, -being beaten on that point, she fell to declaring that she had loved me first and most, but I only reluctantly and, as it had been, at second-hand. Thus we made the miles and the hours go by, ever redding up all our past life and planning-onr future, wondering the while if the stir an'd clangour of war had indeed passed awqy for ever. For already there had come a new look upon the hind., Whether . with tbe union of the crowns and the new English wealth which made money more plenty, at anyrate there had come a eecuritr to which we in the lands of Carrick had been strangers for many generations. Then it was that the farmer set his oxen to the plough in teams of a dozen or more, not fearing . any more that there would come a glint of steel harnessed riders over the hill, who should drive ,hi8 cattle before them and leave himself lying in the furrow all a -welter in his blood. The wind also blew sweet. It seemed that never had ihere been a spring like this one since thn world be^an, never such dehcatest airs as those that stirred the crisps about Nell's white neck as she bent it sideways to hearken to my speeches. I declare that were I not an unlearned Scot, who takes to his pen only when the work for the sword' waxes slack, I could praise my love in similitudes of Arabian birds and ferny sprays as well as Euphues his delight or even in the But ajwtjis I waKtQ time.. For I have spoire too longyjanil must haste me to the end, though this is a part of my life that I could love to liuger on. For what is pldasanter than sunshine after storm and the bolts of ruin. ; I declare ^t was, .five years .since I have had time to look at a robin. ' ? There seemed to be time_ . for everything this 4f ay day. . And ever as we went, it seemed that we had been a long time alofae^xind that it would soon come time to be turning hack again. Then to ?which soever of us the thought came, that we were now. on the long lane that has no turning ( save that which turns in at the kirkyaird loaning, there would also come the desire to touch and to look. And even thus did Nell Kennedy often, reaching her hand across sto me from her good, equal-pacing steed. ? -.jjw- - ???? Then would she . fa|l? iiaoknpn the things that had been, and which had' noivpassed away. ' Yesterday, at such a time,' she would say, ' I thought tivat to-day wouj[d never come. And now ? -' ' ? Whereupon she would loot the rest. . .;' Then I told her how I had seen tbe Dominie but yesterevea when she was sewing at her bridal dress and thinking of me. He had gone - back alter with his pipes to the school by the' . kirk at Maybole. - - ' And what said he of our wedding?' asked my dear. ' I was instant with him to come and bide ' at : palgowan,' I made answer. ' Shall I tell 1 thee what belaid ? '- 'Aye, tell it me, indeed!' quoth she, ;, blithely, stopping a moment on a moorish summit, : ?'?with her hand above her eyes and looking to . the Spear of the Merrick towards which we rode. ' Well, then, he said that those that were newly wed had no use for carven negro-heads -wherein to put the ashes of their loves.' ? . ' He is none so ugly as that ! ' said Nell, with, I think; a look at me which I took for a certain complaisance which it pleased me to see. : Then I tbld her how the Dominie had added that it was .not yet time for men of his profession ? to come about the house of a newly wedded baronet. But that if prosperity should come to , Palgowan, and the din of bairns' voices, we might ask him again in ten years or less. ' Oh,' said Nell, shortly, and rode a little further off. _ Yet I nattered myself that I had 6aid !' that Vpretty welL For it was not at all in these terms that the Dominie had put the matter. Indeed, I was gravelled how more discreetly to state the matter. So, in the long twilight ol if ay, we came riding down Menick Water. For, with the sun-setting, we had fallen silent, and we looked no more so frankly at each other. But we turned am-ss the water to watch ? for th6 light of my mother's ? candle ip the window. ? . She heard us an we came: and there, lo ! .before I knew it, she was at Nelly's saddle .leather, helping her to dismount, and the tears running steadily down her face. She minded the day!;' shjjjgjjoo, had come home a bride to the little house 0£JKjn3gouh among the hillb. ^cOfti myiMUm — my bairn,' was1 what she sa«Ji 'iOomesawa' ben .' ' .- And It was to Nell that she ~ said itv Me she .' /minded np more than a cock-sparrow under the eaves. Then came Hugh out to take the horses. ~ But I went, as was my custom, to the stable with Dom Nicholas; for he Vever slept well otherwise, and .when I , ;catne in again I found that my mother had Nell seated by the fireside, for'ittis ' chill with us among the uplands in May. The peats were burning fine, and on the white board there was a ' supper set fit for a prince and princess. .': i But my mother kever minded me ist'^lly *a-sne~ to rage on me for cringing the lass so far and so fast :????' ' ?????'? ' ; . . i,\\. 'But, mother,' said I. ' tSiink that if I tad not made some* haste, all your fine supper would have been wasted else.' ; And indeed it came not far from being that as it was. For we could eat but 'little. The finest of mnuiand tare seemed somehow, or other to etipk by the nay, tasting' strangely dry and sap less. And after we had done -we drew apart and looked at the red ashes, while my mother rattled on about the simple concerns of the sheep and iie calves, which mountain-bred folk love both to; speak and to hear about. Presently she leaned over me and took down the burnt Bible out of theswall aumbry. -,-, ^Hfere, £aunoe,' she tsaid, ' read ye - the . CABBURTPS COG&L;— « Absolutely pnre ; ibenCfrebeet.'* ft ' '. -,O« - = - ~ -~T T ~ . ? . ' . .CsJ ' ?:? ? -? * 5 ? ?': v. . '. ohapter_ tliis _night _erfi J*J?!e?5i_.?!i ^coine8 a_ man wedded and the head of, a, family,. .BeSdeAi, your father is from home.' , ? '. '' '';.' \\--. . I had sooner have charged upon the level spears. But I had no choice with my mother, sneaking as she did when I was a boy, and my 'Nell sitting there crossing .her feet.by thejnres:de.~7 So I mannei to read a portion. It was about -Jonathan clambering up a rock . (and- a good': soldier* he was}. But the prayer fairly' beat me. However, ere we rose from our knees we said the . Lord's prayer all together.. .So to rest we went, without other word spokpri. And through the little window of the rooin in. which . I was. born, Nell and I could hear, ere we slept, the brattle ? of the burn harryinjr down through the peace of^ the bills, past our own new house of -Palgowao and oil toward to the silence of the outermost sea. The Exd. 