THJS THEATRICAL WORLD. — ? ♦ ? ? . (By the Flat). Mr._,T. P. Hudson lias secured Jessie Williams for his new com pany, ?which is at present in Cool gardie. Jessie performs a very ?wonderful back-kick -with great effect. ' The beautiful Jessica,' who is dancing the 'wires at the Opera House, Melbourne, is Mrs.O' Gorman ... . ? in private life, and sister to Mr. Jno. Coleman. Haddon Chambers and Comyns Carr's new play, 'Boys Together,' was to have been produced last Saturday at the London Adelphi Theatre. The three largest pantomimes for Christmas in England will be : 'Aladdin,' Drury Lane; 'Dick Whittington,' Grand Theatre, Birmingham, and ' Cinderella,' at the Theatre Eoyal, Manchester. ' Francillon' is to be produced by Mr. Bellew arid Mrs. Potter dur ing their Sydney season. Miss Kate Vaughan, the one-, time Gaiety favorite, arrived in Hobart recently. This bewitching little actress and danseuse was the original Serpentine in one of the Drury Lane pantomimes in the seventies. She is at present visit ing Australia for her health. Just ?''before coming out to Australia she was accorded a benefit, which „ turned out a terrific success. It bagged over .£1,000 for her. Lottie Collins, of ' Ta-ra-ra' fame, is to be one of George Adams' shining lights at the opening of his new Sydney theatre. Mr. Robert Brough and his clever;Comedy Company are doing big biz up in Charters Towers (Queensland). Friend: 'So your dramatic season closed rather abruptly, eh ? What was the matter ?— Didn't the ghost walk?' Hamphatter (the tragedian): 'I guess so; all the rest of us did.' Professor W. A. and Madame Stella Davies, the wonder workers and psychologists, are touring the Western District of Victoria. Mr. Robert Hollyford, the clever character vocalist, who is doing big business in Portland, is a son of Mr. R. P. Whitworth a well-known Melbourne journalist. The new Sydney Palace Theatre will be opened early in November. Scenic-artist Phil Goatcher will be sole lessee of George Adams' new house of amusement. Mrs. Patrick Campbell showed her contempt for the London press, by not appearing at St. James' Hall at the Foreign Press concert . for the benefit of distressed artists. Well, the press has shown a deal of contempt , for her, and. so I suppose the score is even. 'The Sign of the Cross' and . 'The Prisoner of Zenda' are to be produced in Melbourne by an entirely new company from Eng land. The costumes in the great coronation scene in ' Zenda ' cost between .£2,000 and £3,000. Hugo Gorlitz, so well-known in Australia, has gone to South Africa, with an opera company, of which v Madame Amy Sherwin is the chief prima donna. The company is the best that has ever gone to this part of the world, and grand opera will be given in a manner hitherto un known there. The name of Madame Sherwin is familiar to every lover of music among our kinsmen in Africa, and no doubt the enterprise of Mr. Gorlitz will be awarded by an enthusiastic reception from Capetown to Johan nesburg. The cinematograph, endoloscope, or whatever it may be called (and it has a score of names already. will probably in the near future become a dangerous rival to the theatres. At the present time, owing to mechanical difficulties, we . have only had it as a turn at music-halls, and the Polytechnic has .one, but within a twelve month they will be common, and, until the novelty wears off, t -trey will attract immense attention. In New York there are- already 20 shops in Broadway and other lead ing streets, where it is shown all day at from 3d. to Is. In a few months every theatre will have it, and London theatres had better s think seriously of introducing it between the acts, instead of having an orchestra. The manager who has the enterprise to do this will be wise.' Sir Henry Irving lodged in Sun flerland previous to his first appear ance on the stage at the ? Lyceum Theatre, in that city, and his land lady has just been .relating her re . remembrances of her lodger. One night as she was crossing the yard, her attention was arrested by tbe shadow of his figure thrown on the white blind of his room window. The arms were flung up, the head thrown back, and at last, after a deep -groan, he appeared to be either plunging some weapon into his breast, or clutching at his side in agony. The landlady was much agitated. When she entered Mr. Irving's room with the breakfast tray, he Baid, ' Well, Mrs. Smith, my trial begins to-night, I have made an engagement with the lessee of the new theatre here, and I am to appear in a minor part.' What had seemed to be the elements of a real tragedy had only been a pantomime performance before an old mirror. After seeing him as Francis Osbaldistone, ?in ' Roy Roy,' the landlady said to him, ' Tou will never be an actor, Mr. Irving ; you are too nervous.' Do you think so ?' he replied smiling. 'Well, at least I mean to try' ? Chevalier de Kontski, who is at present touring Australia, is the second son of the late George de Kontski, who was A.D.C. to the celebrated Polish General, Thad deus Kosciusko. All his sons at tained eminence as musicians— the eldest, Charles, was a prodigy pianist at 7 ; Antonie, who is in Sydney at present, is the second son; then comes Stanislas, who studied the piano under his brother Antonie, and Apollinaire was a prodigy violinist at the age of 4, and afterwards one of Paganini's favorite pupils. The Chevalier de Kontski is the sole survivor of this talented family. That charming ' one-act tragedy, 'Cavalleria Rusticana,' was drama tised from Verga's great novel by Tomaso Salvini, who afterwards presented it to his son, Alexander Salvini. The well-known Ameri can actor — young Salvini — was so struck with la belle Potter's Char lottee Corday, that he handed over the acting-rights to her. 