That Hateful Girl. By John Steangk Winter. Author of 'Booties' Baby,' ' Beautiful Jim,' ' The Other Man's Wife,' ' A Blameless Woman,' 'Gocd Bye,' &o.; [Wbitten foe the 'Sydney Mail.'] .... the world, it ia just as we make it, We see not the fljwers if we sow not the seed. I always hated her ! Why ? Oh, I can hardly say why ; perhaps because she was tall and breezy and piquant, perhaps because she [?] alwayB held her head ever so high and always looked as if t\e whole world was lying at her feet, although all the time I knew that her soul was sick within h -r at the bitterness of her surround ings. Somehow, when the world was at my feet, I was always conscious that I never looked like it. We had been childran together; Ruth Jea fire son and I, not chums, oh no, for die was the elder by at least a couple of years, and that countB when one is at the juvenile party age. I remem- I ber, years and years ago, when we were little bits ' of girls, some nine and eleven years old, that a i boy gave me a wedding ring out of a cracker. I pat it on my small finger — and it was a small finger, for I was a frail little creature well accustomed to hear myself spoken of as one that a breath might blow away— and I said, ' I am married now. I am his wife.' Some of the other children laughed ; indeed, I think they all laughed except Bath Jeaffreson, and she looked at me with a pair of solemn eyes, and then at the boy who had given me the ring. She said j nothing, but I suddenly felt myself turning hot | and cold, for Ruth's looks said ' little idiot !'- as plainly as if her lips had framed the two uncomplimentary words. How well I remem bered that night ' Freddie Delamere was the I boy, and Freddie Delamere had belonged to Eutht Jeaffreson body and soul — well, always. It was only a foreshadowing of what would come' later. I liked Freddie Ddlamere always, always, and Freddie Dilamere liked Rath. I think Rath was very fond of Freddie Delamere, but she did not want to nnrry him, and Freddie went out to Martinique and died of some one of those horrible scourges that young men do die of when they leave their native land to carry civilisation into other climee. Poor Freddie ! I could have forgiven Ruth Jeaffreson if it had been only Freddie Delamere. After all, no girl can help not caring as much for a boy as a boy cares for her — when it happens one 3. But, curiously enough, it always seeaed to happen with her, and it always happened that those that I liked best seemed to be irresistibly fascinated with Ruth. I never could tell why, for she was really not good looking, her profile was not half as good as mine— even though I was credited with having the biggest nose in Blankhampton, I had a good profile, nobody could deny it. I was fair — too fair — with a good deal of smooth, fine, almost golden hair, and a very pale, fine com plexion. I looked what I was, exceedingly delicate, and my hands were small and slim and very white. I was very slim and t-light in build, too, but I really was very interesting looking. As for Ruth Jeaffreson, she was broad in the shoulder and small in the waist, and she carried herself with a swing and an air that, to me. wa-3 most offensive. She was quite ordinary in colour ing, just brown hair and a pale face without a good feature in it ; she had rather big eyes, it is true, big and dark, and sometimes she used to look so sombre that one almost pitied ber ; then the next minute there would come a glint into her eyes, a toss to hei head, and you could feel nothing — at least no other girl could — but an out raged sense of impotent helplessness to think she could take everything so casually and so coolly as she did. I never could tell what the men saw in her ; but they did, they all liked her — at least, all the men that I liked liked her, and she drew them away in sheer wantonness, and that was what I never could forgive Ruth Jeaffreson for. There was Tom Ogilvie. Tom might have married anybody in Blankhampton ; but, (hough everybody thought he was going to marry Ruth, somehow it didn't come off. Ruth went sailing along in her old fashion, and Tom went off to India, and nobody heiard anything more of him for a dozen years at least ; so far as Blankhampton was concerned, that was the end of him. Then there was a big doctor down from London — by ' big ' I mean a great specialist. I danced with him at several little private dances. He always complained of his heart, told me he ought not to dance, and that he could not take more than half a turn round the room, apologised profusely, and asked me to take a turn in the corridor instead. But he could dance a whole waltz through with Ruth Jeaffreson. I suppess I didn't dance as. well as she did, or my step didn't suit his quite as thoroughly. At the end of the 6ccond dance I heard him ask her if she was likely to be going to the Parish next day— in Blankhampton we always called the Cathedral the ' Parish ' — and she said out aloud with a laugh, ' No, I never go to the Parish.' /always did. I used to sit in the nave, ju6t at the corner of the choir seats, and the next -Jay I taw Mr. Hinchman come quietly in, go leisurely along and examine several of the old tombs, and then meander along looking at the choir ecreen as if he had nevgr seen a choir screcn in his life before. Three minutes afterwards Ruth came sailing in, lifted her eyebrows when 6he saw him— I have very gcod sight, and I saw it plainly— but suffered herself, half unwillingly, half in a jest ing kind of way, to be drawn off into a secluded corner where their best friend or their worst enemy would have found it hard to recognise them. I had never hated Ruth so much as I did that afternoon. That affair did not last long. It was pretty heavy while it did last, but, like all fierce flames, it soon seemed to burn itself out, and Mr. Hinchman went back to his work in London, leaving Ruth sailing about with her head higher in the air than ever. I thought that he had gone off and left her lamenting, like Lord TTIlan in the old story ; but a cDusin of mine met him in London several years afterwards, and she declared that, from the interested way in which he inquired how Ruth was, and whether she was married yet, it was very evident that she had made a deep impression upon his heart, and that it was her own fault she had not bccome Mrs. Hinchman years before. Then there was a man in the 119th. That was the heaviest affair Ruth Jeaffreson ever hal. For once in her gay and don't-care sort of life, it was plain that she had got hit right to the very lowest depths of her heart. I don't wonder that she was hit, andhit hard, for the man was very attractive and very much in love. I never knew the exact details, but he married somebody else ; and for months Ruth went about lcoking like a 'ghost, with a sirile that was a little too stt to be quite natural, and her head higher in the air than ever. I think I hated her worse at tbat time than I did when she was able to crow over me, because I knew that she was suffering, I knew that she was hurt, and hurt badly, but as for the white feather - — not a bit of it, not so much as the very tip of a tingle quill would she show. After that business she never seemed to care what she did : they were all fish that came to her net, and, on my word, there wasn't a man in the town but fell under the spell of her fascination. They pretended they didn't ; they would care lessly say she was not a bad sort, ' a ripping fine girl 'and 'good fun, and all that, don't you know.' Bat you had only to look at them to see what their real thought was, and that any one of them would have jumped at the chance of marrying her if she would only have given a word of encourage ment. I never hated anybody as I hated that girl. There was Bill Errington. B ll Erriogton used to belong to me ; we had been sweethearts years and years before, when he was a boy at the Grammar School, and I was a girl at Miss Jenkinson's. For years Bill always sent me a valentine and a Christmas card, and an Easter egg, and somehow it had always been an under stood thing between his family and mine that one day I should become Mrs. Bill Errington, or, as they always call it in Blankhampton, ' young Mrs. Errington.' I don't say that there were not others ihat I would rather have married — I would have liked poor dear Freddie much better than Bill Errington — but you know a girl in a place like Blankhampton has not got over and above much chance of marrying anybody, and if she doesn't want to stop an old maid (which, I suppose, no girl does want to do) she makes up her mind to take the best that comes along. I bad quite made up my mind that I would take Bill Errington all in good- time, but Ruth Jeaffreson came sailing along, and she knocked that on the head in the twinkling of an eye. I can't tell why. She didn't want Bill, not a bit of it. I believe that she would rather have died than have married into the Errington family, although they were very swagger people and would have been none too phased if Bill had married her. But Ruth never meant marrying- Bill ; Ruth only meant spoiling my chance. Why 6he shou'd have wanted to spoil my chance I Cinnot think, bcciuse we were net friends for years and years, not since we were quite small children meeting at the same juvenile parties, and we had never been friends even then. But all the same, she did spoil my chance with poor Bill. It went on for about six weeks ; wherever one went one met the two, she all nods and smiles, and he, poor fellow, looking in the very seventh heaven of delight. I wasn't at all sorry when she did jilt Bill — which of course she did — because he ought to have been well aware of what she was, and yet he deliberately went to his own destruction, just as a poor Billy moth goes floating about a lighted candle. The worst of it wap, ho wouldn't stay in the town after it happened, but went away, throwing up his father's good practice — for his father was a lawyer — and going to London to gain experience. I said at the time, 'If Bill Errington gains ex perience of a wrong sort he will have Ruth Jeaffreson to thank for it.' Apparently, she did not care, for 6he sailed about just in the same old fashion, sometimes looking- as if life was too much for her altogether, and then, as it were, shaking herself into action again, and glinting round with her black eyes to see What fresh victim she could find upon whom to practise her fascinations. I t-uppose it was her boldness that took the men. She was eo bold. And yet she never gave me the idea of being at all courageous, for when you I stood right up to her she always seemed to give ' N The window a as a little open, and she shut it, taking up Punch , and burying herself in it, with an air of interest which I knew perfectly well she was far from feeling. in— as the boys -would call it, ' to knuckle under.' I remember once that I was sitting in Bonner's, in the new tea-rooms, you know, which every body in Blankhampton finds such a comfort. The principal room is a large, lovely apartment, ?with five windows overlooking St. Thomas' - street. Ruth Jeaffreson had just before been very dangerously ill. I daresay she thought she looked interesting on account of it, but I thought how plain ehe was when she came in and ordered tome tea, sitting down at the next window to mine. The window was a little open, and she shut it, taking up Punchy and burying herself in it, with an air of interest wbich I knew per fectly well she wjs far from feeling. I really 'lid not see, if the girl had been ill, that she need expect the whole of a great public tea-room to ba entirely at her dis posal. I felt the day most sultry and oppressive, eo I opened my window, and I rested my elbow on the ledge, so lhat she could not possibly find any excuse for shutting it again. She never even looked up — too great a coward, you know — she never moved ; she never fo much as raised her head or quivered an eyelid. But when her tea came, or whatever it was she had ordered, the said, in the most meek tone you can possibly imagine, 'Put it at the furthest table; - I feel the draught.' Bonner's old head-waiter was a fool ; I bad always thought so. He asked her if she -would like him to ask me to have the window shut. He fpokc solto voce, but I heard it for all that, and made up my mind that I would siy ' ' Xo .' ' ' But do you think that girl stood up to me ? Not a bit of it. She just said, ' Oh, no,' aloud, and in Ihe most absolutely indifl'. rent way, 'not ;it all. I will move ; it's all the same to me where I sit.' And move she did. 1 knew she had only come into Bonner's to look over tho papers that are always lying about, Punch and the ' J'ic.1' and The Queen, and all those. Nobody else hap pened to come in, excepting one old lady, who was evidently from the country, and wanted to add up her purchases while sbe got her afternoon tea, and there that Ruth Jeaffreson stayed, and I determined I would see her out. I couldn't very well eh ut the window after I had opened it, indeed, I believe to this day that f-lie made up her mind that she would stay me out, just to keep that window open. And, after all, I had been mistaken in the day, for it was quite cold — you know how cold it is some times at the beginning of May when the wind is iu the east, and I was simply chilled throush and through before that hateful girl got up and sailed away down the street, as if the whole world belonged to her. I never even had the satisfac tion of knowing that she was ill after it, I was. I was in bed for six weeks with bronchitis. That didn't make me like Ruth Jeaffreson any the better. Yes, she was a coward ; if ever a coward trod the earth that girl was one. I was coming out of the Parish ona Sunday evening — you know the I Parish doors are all protected inside by what you might call hoods of carved oak, like a little room, . with a couple of swing doors to break the draught to the length of the nave — I web rather in a hurry to get out, and I saw Ruth in front of me with her old mother. Naturally, I didn't cringe back because she was there, and perhaps I did push against her— I think somebody pushed against me from behind — but she was such a coward, that, instead of resenting it, instead of Jetting me pass or taking no notice, as quite a lady would have doue, she turned round and she said, very point ' I am so sorry. I beg your pardon.' Well, really, you know, she had nothing to beg my pardon for ; it only showed me how anxious 'he was to scrape acquaintance with me. And I Wouldn't have known her for a fortune. lears went by, more years than I like to think Somehow, it .isn't fo nice, when you are past your first b'ooro, past your teens, thinking' of the years that have gone by for ever, when you feel that you ' axe getting nearer and nearer to dressing St. Catherine's tresses, and that you are going to be like all the aunts and cousins whom you pitied when younger, because they were old maids. However, I always had the satisfaction of feeling that Ruth Jeaffreson was at least two years older than I was ; and there was a satisfac tion in it. People used to say about her, ' Ab, it is a case of going through the wood and through the wood ; it is to be hoped she won't pics up a crooked stick at last.' I hoped that she wouldn't pick up a stick of any kind ; but nobody knows how I would have loved to be married — not because I cared a straw for being married, for marriage sake, but just because I would have liked to be able to look that horrid girl straight between the eyes, and to make her feel that I was a married woman and she was not. But fate is unkind to some people. A rumour suddenly went through Blankhampton that Ruth J eaffreson had got engaged again, and was to be married immediately. And it proved true enough. She had gone off on a country visit, had quietly captivated the eldest son of the house, had come back in a few days engaged, and sailed about with this man in tow — quite a decent-looking man, too ; in fact, I have beard people speak of Adrian Holt as a very handsome man, but, for my part, I could not admire a man who could wish to many Ruth Jeaffreson. However, he did marry her ; and so she sailed away out of Blankhampton life into a wholly new sphere. That is ten years ago, and here am I, Mabel Grant! ey still, a spinster and a wall-flower. Life is hard upon some people ! I see Mrs. Adrian Holt sometimes. She is more horrid even than she used to be, more breezy, more head-in-the-airisb, more successful, with a more radiant smile and a happier glint in her eye each time that I see her. Although she has long ago shaken the dust of Blankhampton from off her feet, it seems as if I cannot get rid of the shadow of my rival. I was in Paris about a couple of years ago, and, while staying at a boarding-house there, I met a young lady who knew Mrs. Adrian Holt in London. This girl was quite rapturous about her — just a chance ac quaintance picked up in a boarding- house ! I had been quite civil to her, I had told her a good deal of my life in Blankhampton, I had told her how I was closely related to the highest dignitaries of the Cathedral, I had made quite a friend of her, and yet, one day, when I was glancing over a society paper, and I happened to see the name of Mrs. Adrian Holt mpntioned, and said, in a casual kind of way, 'Did you ever meet Mrs. Adrian Holt? She was a Blankhampton girl '—if that fool didn't break out into a perfect tirade of rapturous ad miration about her. It is strange that, even when our paths have gojie widely apart, I should still be haunted by the shadow of that horrid girl, who always stepped in between me and my happiness. 'Oh, don't you like her?' said my new friend, ' I think she is perfectly charming.' ' No,' I said, shortly, ' I don't like her. I think she is perfectly horrid — at least, she used to be when she was a girl. I never could bear ber at any period of her life ; in fact, I always hated her, and it's no use pretending anything else. For years I always made a point of being- as rude as I possibly could to her.' ' But why ?' asked the other, in a tone of the greatest wonder. ' Why should you do so ? 'What did she ever do to you ?' * ' Why y Well, I always hated her. I, per haps, cannot tell you why, but I did and I always shall. I never disliked anybody so much in my life. Frankly speaking, I detest her.' | ' But for what reason r' she asked. ' Oh, well, I did,' I said, as casually as I could. ' I always thought her a hateful girl.' I wasn't going to tell her exactly why. But I had a reason — and I have told it to you. 