WESTMINSTER .ABBEY AND ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. . Many have asked— 'What is there about the delightful entertainments given by the Rev. Charles Clark that always— whatever tho weather — ensures him a large audience?' There are many factors— his striking per sonality, his charm of manner, his exquisitely modulated voice, his rounded periods, his beautifully blended pathos and humour; but over and above all these, bko a diamond in -its setting! shines the noble, high-sonled patriotism —tho pure, strong love of tho great British Empire, and reverenco for its grand traditions that form the keynote of his lectures. No texts could have been more suitable for a stir ring discourse on tbo history of Great Britain and the splendid deeds of her mightiest sons than tlie two coupled by tho Rov. Charles Clark on Saturday, evening at the ? Town Hall — 'Westminster Abboy' and 'St Paul's Cathedral.' No one in that largo audience could havo failed to bo struck during tho evening with tho strength of the prido which Australians feel in tho glory of tho deeds done by their valiant forefathers before Australia was, and with tho depth of patriotic feeling that exists undor the Austral skies. The reflection must havo forced itself upon many— 'What a grand fiery orator tho reverend gentleman might havo beon had theso been times of war, and his beloved country in danger.' If England could send us a few more men of his stamp— if, indeed, the Rev. Charles Clark has his peers— the loud murmurings of a few croakers . for separation would bo silenced for ever. As always, the light and shade of Saturday evening's dis course showed in every point tho blending of a master- hand. An eloquent introduction pre ceded a masterpiece of word-painting that brought beforo the eye almost as vividly as could colours and canvas the Abboy at Westminster as restored by Henry III., ?' tho builder,' and' jn, rapid succession the beauties it contains. The chief work was the exquisitely carved tomb and chantry of Henry V., the ' Hector of his day.' Suspended above it hang his shield, his helmet, and his saddle, into which ho was wont to vault, in tho words of Sbakspeare, 'as though an angel hod dropped from the cloudy to witch the world with his horseman ship.'' This warrior King's noble speech, 'Once more into the breach, dear friends, once more,' was given with great effect Henry VII. V Chapel, 'almost a. second Abbey in extent,' and the coronation thero of tho fair Anne Boleyn, who sacrificed her good name and her womanly delicacy for the triumph of that great day, were told in simple forceful words, and the hideous contrast emphasized of the day three years later when she, a pale, wandering ghost, was hurried forth in silonce from the Towor of London, never to return. Her fate- served as a, marked contrast to that of her lion-hearted daughter Elizabeth, whose career was touched on, and so in the sarao enthralling way tho lecturer passed in review much of tho stirring history of England, ever and anon reciting poatical pieces touching his. subjects with all the faithfulness of tone and gesture that their authors could havo desired. In Poets' Corner was found fresh material for delightful chat on the lives of famous singers Geoffrey Chaucer, Edmund Spenser, and many others as well known and as deeply loved. Mention of Edmund Sponsor as 'prince of poets of his time' brought forth the name of William Skaksucar* who nm* 'hot for one generation, but for all time.' Ben Johnson's curious and uncomfortable burial position led to humorous passages, as did the name of Dr. Busby, the famous under sized, flagellating Head Master of Westminster School, who had a 'temper that would uiako the fortune of a nest of hornets.' Ann Oldfield and Mrs. Bracegirdle and David Garrick, Addison and Thomas Babington Alacaulav, William Makepeace Thackeray and Charles Dickens, were all lovingly spoken of. and mention of tho more recent burial of Lord Tennyson led to an exquisite rendoring of that great and gentle poet's 'Crossing tbe Bar' that brought tears to many an eye in the ball. The discourse on St Paul* was as full Df tragic and triumphant historical interest as that which preceded it. Macaulay's lines on the Invincible Armada wore grandly given. Painter's Corner had a deep interest, and the lecturer touched a responsive chord in many a breast when he deplored tho death within two years of two Presidents of tho Royal Academy —Lord Leighton and Sir John Milhiis. '' Art w long, but life is, short' The heroes of Lucknow; the hero of Khartoum; Sir John MacDonaid, tbe patriot of Canada; William Bede Dailoy, the patriot of New South Wales; these were all eloquently eulogized, and : the greatest of all— Horatio Nelson and Arthur wellesley— wero coupled in Tennyson's grand poem, the rendering of which called forth tumultuous applause. A touching description if the thanksgiving services at the Cathedral For the recoyory of the Prince of Wales fittingly jnded the discourse. During two intervals iu tbo speaking views wero thrown on a screen, md only served to show how wonderfully true Iq fact wore tho word pictures painted just before by tho gifted lecturer. ? This evening's subject is ' Tbo Tower of London.' 