ffiaiti kews. Home Topics and Events. (FBOM OtTE OOBBBSPONDEOT.) LONDON, April 24. The death of Baron Hirsch has let loose a flood ^ -of gossip in regard to the famous Jew millionaire. * Many thingB haVe been raked up not altogether to his credit, while on the other hand there is abundant testimony to the fact that he possessed -many good qualities. Probably he was not much . better or worse than the majority of men. thomrh his dealings, for good or evil naturally attracted a fast amount of attention. When a man Las 20 millions of money and spends his wealth as freely as Hirsch did it is yerj^ difficult to get at a true estimate of his character. He has no really pri vate life in which he 'could make friends suffi ciently intimate to recognise any sterling qualities, and the people who surround him are almost inevitably either sycophants or detractors. A contributor to one of the daily newspapers records that he once heard a certain peer abuse Hirsch ' after enjoying hi6 hospitality and the best shooting that Europe could produce for a month.' I daresay this was no uncommon incident. I was once talking at a certain club in a group of members which included a person well known both in the political and social world, who shall be nameless. Some reference was made to Hirsch. ' Hirsch is a dirty Jew,' said the 'celebrity' in nnnafinn ao Vin 4-*i*«isu3 4-*\ «*?« it A—J3 _Ax M observed a member of the group after he had gone, more in sorrow than in anger, 'he has had ' a good many thousands out of him.' If ever a \- list should appear of the celebrated people who have had many thousands, and for that matter tens of thousands, out of the Baron it would I fancy create a sensation. There are certain leading figures in English society as well as French who would stand very near the top of it. As to the great schemes of charity upon which Hirsch entered after the death «£1iis only boy Lucien. in whom all his hopes were centred, there is no doubt that he threw himself heart and soul into them. Plenty of correspondence exists to show how hard he worked to give effect to his great plans of Jewish colonisation, and how disap pointed he was at his comparative failure. His Newmarket reputation and the reputation he had among the friends, for instance, oi the poor Rus sian Jews, were two very different things. In . appearance the Baron had more the look of a smart military officer than of a Jew financier, and his ordinary habits were ascetic and very regular. For some time before his death he appears to have been not over happy in his mind, and when he was last in London people spoke freely about his looking sick and ' worried.' A fortune like hie is not altogether a Godsend. It is evident that, for good or evil — people will decide that according to their own feelings — the old spirit of Sabbatarianism in this country is rapidly on the wane. There was striking evi dence of this in the overwhelming majority with which the House of Commons (a Conservative House of Commons, be it remembered) recently passed a resolution in favour of the Sunday open ing of museums and picture galleries. But there are many other sins of the times to which the least observant onlooker pannot shut his eyes. The new amusements which have come so greatly into vogue of late have had marked results in this respect. ' Where is the haim in having a breath of fresh air on Sundays f ' argues the ardent golfers, quite careless of the fact that golf is in its origin a Scotch game ; and one by one the golfing clubs have been opening their grounds for Sunday play. ' I go to fchurch in the morning and take a round in the afternoon,' you will some? times hear a player say apologetically. Then th£ bicycle has proved a disastrous -invention as re gards the strict observance of -the Sabbath. To begin with, it was the young men who had been shut up in offices all the week long who thought it a splendid thing to jump on their machines when tbc office closed on the Saturday afternoon, take a run down into the country or 'to. the sea side, spend a part of the Sunday there, and then ride or train it back again. But society has always followed the example of the democracy in this bicycling craze, and fashionable people who have been playing, hard all the week also find it necessary to get a few hours of air and exercise ? nnder ' similar conditions. At one or two seaside ? watering-places Bmall scandals have arisen through the appearance in church of ladies and gentlemen in full bicycling costumes. In one or two cases ladies have even been bold enough to show themselves in rationsls to the bewildered congre gation. The latest development of antiSabba tarianism is a movement on the part of 80me of the members of a staid and formal West End club to get the billiard-room opened on a Sunday. There are a good many clubs of good enough ? position in London, of course, in which you can play billiards on Sunday already, but they are all more or less tarred with the Bohemian brush, and in most cases they make this curious conces sion to old-fashioned ideas, that during the greater part of the day, at all events, the players must mark for themselves, so as not to involve ? the marker in their irregularities. But perhaps most significant of all as to the change which is coming over us is the fact that a terrible storm is being raised in the- Scotch press through the Sunday opening not only of golfing grounds but of bowling greens in some places north of the Tweed. Anyone who has ever experienced a feue Scotch Sunday of the old-fashioned type will realise to the full what a revolution this implies. A pleasantly eerie turn has been given to club talk this week by an elaborate letter which has appeared in one of the morning newspapers from an Anglo-Indian officer, giving an account of his experiences in a haunted house. It differs en tirely from, ordinary communications of the kind in the fact that the writer does not want to dwell on the Bupernatural aspect of the matter, but is concerned with its practical and legal bearings. He is desperately indignant because he can get no redresB from his landlord who let him a house -which he (the landlord) knew to be haunted— as he had himself been driven out of it by super natural visitations in spite of dogs and loaded revolvers — without informing the would-be tenant ? ? — — — ? : ? of the circumstances. Consequently, the officer finds himself saddled with a house which costs him £200 a year on a five vears' lease, but which he cannot live in because he can keep no servant and get no peace in the bosom of his family. The only offer he can get for his two and a quarter years' remaining lease is £100, and that mainly on account of the pasture land. Yet he has no re dress, for the English law takes no cognisance of ghosts. I have 'been thinking Chat even at the end of this so-called sceptical and business-like nineteenth century the haunted house must really have a serious commercial bearing. I think I could without difficulty provide a list of 20 such, undesirable residences lying derelict in different parts of the country, and that must be a drop in the bucket of the total number which a compre hensive list would present. Of course, it does not follow that all these houses, or even the majority of them, are empty because they are haunted. Probably, indeed, in most cases they have simply got the reputation of being haunted, because they have been long un tenanted and are dark and windowless and woe begone. The original cause of their becoming empty may have been bad drains, damp walls, or sinking foundations. But sooner or later if a house fails to get a tenant somebody is sure to begin to see 6trange lights in the windows and hear un earthly cries echoing through the rooms, and any m house agent will tell you that, when ones a house does get this reputation, it is— despite all our sup poBed common sense— adesperately hard thing to let it, even if it is ' done up as new.' I am thinking now principally of country districts, but we are not altogether free from these superstitions in London. There are some quarters of the met ropolis wnere me struggle tor nouse-room is so intense that a tenant could be found for a house even if it were thronged from basement to attic with the most mischievous ghosts in creation. But the haunted house is by no means unknown in the suburbs. There is, or used to be, a large house which long had an evil reputation within a pistol shot of the Crystal Palace ; and I am not sure that there are not others around which, through their being empty, creepy legends are growing up. I fancy when really put to it we are all a bit superstitious at bottom. Let any man try the experiment of sitting up alone in a so called haunted room — some of ub have tried it from- mere bravado in our youths — and then say honestly whether he really liked it. A friend of mine for practical reasons once did boldly keep vigil all night in a house belonging to himself which had been brought under suspicion through the gossip of the servants of an outgoing tenant. He had a loaded gun, a dog, and a bottle o£ whisky. I asked him which he found the most useful. ' Oh, the whisky,' was the frank reply. 