TRETREMAYNES; OR A. Dream of Dove. -o-ov — — — - chapter xxxiv. raymond boyd's return, She found a long letter from the Du Ire of Medford awaiting her. and it was filled with glowing descriptions of her father's rapid progress. A short note from her father was enclosed. He seemed to write a sensible, hopeful letter, and spoke of coming home to stay, with his girls again soon. He had no use for any keeper now. His only trouble was an occasional loss of memory. Raymond Boyd spent the rest of the day at his wife's grave, and he took apart ments' at the hotel in the neighbourhood for a few weeks. ' All X lcve is here,' he said to Marian. 1 I can come in and see my little child, and then sit at the head of my dead wife's resting-place, Soon I must take the care of the child off your hands : but not. yet — not yet. It is not right that you'should be troubled by other people's children ; but I know., that you love the motherless waif, and Maggie loves it too.' Two weeks passed quickly, rand Mar ian was wondering how Athoi was pro gressing. She had written to Dr. Alltright, but received no reply. Only two more weeks — only two more weeks, and then she -vquld- go to Cranleigh Fields ; she would tell her darling how she had always loved him. She would not wait for the doctor's invitation. One morning she received a telegram. She opened it with trembling fingers, Was it from Dr. Allbright ; No it was from Bedfordshire— from'the Duke of Medford, and -only contained a few words : I am coming to see you to-day about your father. I Medford. What had he to say about her father ? She-hoped that he was not worse, for Bates had been sent home a week. ago. Well, useless speculation would not help her ; she must wait until the duke came. He arrived about midday, and his face bore an anxious expression. He was ushered into the drawing-room, where Marian had been awaiting him for an hour. ' I am not the bearer of good news, Miss Tremayne,' he said, gently. ' And at the same time I have nothing very serious to bother you with — at least, I hope not. Your father fell down a flight of steps this mornin j, and has broken one of his legs,' ' No — no 1' 1 Yes, unhappily. Of course, a surgeon was promptly in attendance, and if we could only, keep him quiet all would be well, but he declares that he is dying, and that you must nurse him. It is ridiculous, but the physician is of the opinion that unless you come immediately he will bring on an illness that will be fatal. We could have had him sent home, but he cannot be moved.' ' And what am I to do ?' asked Mar ian, in distress. 1 I will escort you to your father, was the quick reply. ' I am positive that his life depends upon it. You may not be wanted more than two or three days. As soon as the pain of the reuniting bones has passed he will be the first to acknow ledge his folly. There is no time to lin ger in doubt. It is life and death. A train leaves here in half an hour, and it is only a journey of about two hours. Come, Miss Marian.' ' Don't you think that Bates had better be sent on also ? It is not a ten minutes' drive to Dr. Hunt's ?' she asked, ner vously. ' There is no use for his services ; he would really be in ;the way ; indeed, the very sight of him would make your father think that he was under control again.' There was no gainsaying hi9 plausible tongue, and he looked so genuinely an xious and worried that Marian did not entertain the faintest suspicion. ' We must catch the next train,' he added, ' or we shall not get»to Bedford shire till nightfall, and the roads are very bad at this time of year.' ' I will be ready in ten minutes,' she re plied. Will you wait here, my lord ?' He inclined his head, and if she could have seen the gleam of triumph in his eye she would have been frightened. She went hastily into the room beyond, where Bayroond was seated playing with his', child, She told him briefly what had happen ed. and whither she was going, and kiss ed hei little nephew fondly. ' I shall be back in two or three days at most,' she said. ' I do not like flying about the country in this way, but there is no alternative, and the duke has been very kind to us — tomy unfortunate fath er.' ' If you will write or telegraph to me when you are ready to come home, I will be your escort,' Raymond suggested. ' I will go with you now, if yon like.' ' There is no need. I do not wish to offend the duke. I was very cruel to him once before, and am on my best behavi our now,' There was a ghost of a smile on her face. ' You will fetch me home, won't you, Raymond ?' ' The very instant I got your commands,' he smiled. She rejoined the anxious villain, and Maggie saw them to the door. ' It was fortunate I anticipated some thing of this kind,' Marian observed, ' otherwise I could not have been dressed so soon. I have been able to bring no luggage with me, out Maggie will send on my trunk to-night.' Marian found that the journey occupi- ed nearly four hours, and when they reached the railway station nearest to the duke's country house, it was 'quite dark. A handsome carriage, harnessed to a pair of dashing horses, was awaiting them, and the duke conducted Marian to a seat; the door was banged to and the vehicle was put into swift motion. Her companion hid scarcely spoken twenty words during the whole of the journey, and all at once a fearful feeling of depression came over her. She seemed to be chilled to the very marrow, for it was a bitterly cold night ; it was sleeting fast, and a eutting wind was blowing from the east. What appeared to be an interminable drive came to an end at last, the carriage being pulled up with a jerk. The duke at once sprang up, and Mari an was conscious of a sudden blaze of light. The door was snatched open by a powdered footman in gorgeous livery, while others stood under a brilliantly-illu mined portico beyond. The duke steeped out and assisted Marian to alight, and as she passed up the marble steps that led to a handsome colonnaded hall, she was conscious of several servants eyeing her curiously. ' Welcome to Medford !' said the duke, ' and may your stay be a pleasant one !' chapter xxxv. the first stages of the plot. Even then it struck Marian that, under the circumstances, the duke's words of welcome were very much put of place. She had not visited Medford Hall expect ing anything but a weary time. To wish her a pleasant stay was no doubt one of those meaningless utterances so common in every-day conventionalism. An elderly, matronly weman, who was introduced to her as Mrs. Hammond, housekeeper, took charge of her wraps, and begged Miss Tremayne to follow her, and the duke whispered that he would send word to her by a servant in a few minutes when her father could be Seen. ' Do nor worry yourself needlessly. Mrs. Hammond will attend to all your l wants. I must confess to feeling very | tired myself.' His tones were almost tender, and he bowed as she passed on, his eyes full of a strange light — a light that sent a vague thrill of alarm into Marian's heait. A splendid suite of rooms had been prepared for Marian, and Mrs. Ham mond had had her slightest want antici pated. ' His grace said that if you came you vould probably be unprepared on such short notice, Shall I dress your hair ? I iiave still some knowledge left for that kind of thing. You see, miss, we have no ,ise for a regular lady's-maid here, now.' ' No, thank you,' Marian replied ; ' I :an do that for myself. But I shall be glad if you will send me up a cup of tea. I am very tired, and I am anxious about my father.' Mrs. Hammond left the room, and while she was gone a servant brought a message from the duke for Miss Tre mayne. The doctor was in the house, and said that Mr. Tremayne was in a deep slumber, and that it would be very imprudent to disturb him. After many hours of wakefulness and suffering, he had taken an opiate, and it would be best to let him derive the full benefit of the medicine. This was good news to the weary girl, although she was very anxious to see her father, and after partaking of the refresh ments provided by the housekeeper, she retired to her room, and wished Mis. Hammond good night. Though thoroughly tired out, sleep did not come to her eyes until nearly mid night, and then it was broken by grotes que and constantly recurring dreams. She was nervous, and trembled until the bed shook beneath her. The light of morning dispelled her weakness. She drew up the blind,. nd opened her bedroom door. The hdS- keeper met her with a smiling face, and a cheery good morning. ' The duke told me to let you rest all day if you wanted to. Would you like to breakfast here ?' ' I should piefer it just Vhis once.' News was brought that Mr. Tremayne was still sleeping, and she did not meet the duke until lunch-time. He gieeted her with studied kindness, and had lost much of that effusiveness which had at one time been so distasteful to her. There were no other visitors at Med ford except the physician who had been called from London to attend her father, and when introduced to him Marian was quick to observe that he was a remark ably handsome mao in middle life, but there was something in his face that was not pleasing. Was it the slow, cynical smile, or the cold black eyes, that could b'come luminous and magnetic at the .vill of their owner ? It was not a good face, if it was a clever one, and the touch of his hand sent a shiver through her frame: ' I am specially retained by the duke to set you» papa to rights, Miss Tremayne,' said Dr. Klein, ' and I am happy to say that he is still sleeping well. However, he cannot continue so much longer, and I await with some curiosity the further de velopments of this extraordinary case. I never before, in all my twenty years', ex perience, met a man with a broken limb who insisted that he was dying. Of course this is an exceptional case; and it is most unfortunate that the accident should have happened to Mr. Tremayne at so critical a period of his life.' ' You do not really think that he !is in danger, sir?' Marian questioned, an xiously. ' I can offer no opinion until he wakens; I want to see what effect ijyour presence ' will have upon him; His reason seems all right, excepting the idea that he must die. It is this that makes me doubtful. I have seen men in perfect health drift out of the world simply from pure imagi nation, and when it comes to an old man weakened by pain and loss of blood, no human power is worth anything — at least, no doctor's skill. Do not let me depress you. It may be that you are the power to save him. His constant cry is lor you. If it's so, you must pretend to obey his every wish. You must do as I tell you to do.' Marian met the blaze of his black eyes, which were fixed upon her as the basilisk regards its prospective victim. She sought to withdraw her gaze, but could only do so after a severe struggle, and he smiled a cold, demoniac smjle, She was afraid to look at him again, and he affected to have almost forgotten her presence, most of his conversation being addressed to the duke. After lunch Marian was taken to her father's room ; he slept still, and at sight of him she gave a cry of alarm. His face was ashen white, and seemed to be drawn by the lines of death. He moved uneasily as Dr. Klein bent over him, and slowly opened his eyes, an expression almost of fear in them . ' Papa 1' ejaculated the girl. ' It is I — Marian.' A smile broke over his face, and he raised one hand feebly from the cover let. ' I knew that you would come to me, my darling child,' he said. The doctor and the Duke of Medford silently left the room on tiptoe, closing the door behind them. In a moment Marian was bending over her father, and raining tears and kisses on his face. ' Was ever anyone so unfortunate ?' he whispered. ' I thought that the pain ol my leg would have driven me mad again. I can never i recover now — I can never get well again.' ' Oh, yes, you can, papa 1' ' No. I know that I cannot,' he inter rupted, testily. ' I know that I am dying. The doctor has tried to deceive me, but he cannot. I have been to heaven — I have been to the gates ol pearl, and seen your mother. I do not want to stay here now ; I shall be gone soon, but you must remain by my side — you must soothe my last hours.' He was silent for a few minutes, but presently went on : ' It is dreadful to leave you alone — you and Lillian ; you have yourself to blame ; you need a protector, a husband to love you, to keep wealth at your feet. If 1 only knew that you were married I should die happy — that you were safe from the Irowns of this cold and cruel world.' | 'Papa, papa 1 we do not wish to talk of i these things now,' said Matian, softly. . I ' Oh, yes, we do ; at least, I do. I am thinking of your good, my darling. It is ! this that I have sent to you for — it is this — it is this. Will you promise me that you will mairy the Duke of Medford ?' He raised himself on one elbow and glared at her. ' Wno has told you- to say this to me ?' ' she asked. 'Who has told me ? Ha, ha 1 I obey no man's word or command if it does not please me. No one has told me — no one has ever hinted at one word of it. I know that the duke loved you once — he loves you now. You will not promise ? Then I will turn my face bo the wall and die. I will die cursing you 1' He raised his voice to a wail, and Dr. Klein opened the door and hurried into the room. Marian was so overcome that she could not trust herself to speak, but saw the doctor administer a soothing draught to the patient and bathe his forehead, ov :r which the perspirati»n had spread in great globules. - ' I ought not to have left the room,' he said to her. ' Another attack like that might be fatal: You have crossed him in some way, Miss Tremayne ; you must not do it again.' His voice was harsh, stern. ' It is a pity you came here — if he is to be killed by a woman's .vhim. It is abso lute murder. Tell me what he said to you.' His burning eyes seemed to read into her very soul ; she felt herself impelled to look into his face — to tell him the nature of the request her father had made. 'Then make'.him the promise,' he said; it will save his life. Further, I know nothing. I must tell the duke of this, as Mr. Tremayne may make some similar request of him. Desperate cases need desperate remedies. You are not needed here any longer ; th e e fleet of the draught I have administered will not pass away for twenty-four hours. Another such draught would mean death.' He turned his back upon her abruptly, and after gazing upon her father's white and haggard lace for a few minutes, Marian crept to her room. ( Oh, why had ske not some one near upon whose counsel she could depend? She sat down and wiote a long letter to Dr. Allbright. She told him of her father's dreadful state, of his strange request, and asked him to come to her at once. She did not like — she could not trust — the physician who was in attendanc e upon him. She addressed the envelope, and gave the letter to Mrs. Hammond to put in the Medford post-bay. ' All right, miss ; yon are just in time. The bulter is going down to the villege soon, and will take the bag with him. His grace is always most particular about the letters, He has them counted before they are out intothe bag and checked by the post office people;" She took away Marian's letter and dropped it into the post bagj but >t never left Medford. (To be continued) 