TOWN TALK. The following news matter appears on the fourth page of this issue Commer cial, The " Government Gazette," Steig | litz, Hew Guinea Gold, Melbourne, Dairy I Trade of taweden and Rorwav, and I Correspondence (Dr Home and" Vacci nation, Woman's Suffrage). I It trauspires that in repeating orders J during the week for the removal to Maribyrnong of explosives stored by local I merchants in the powder magazine at Limeburners' Point, the local collector of 1 customs was not aware of the promise given by the permanent head of the I department not to interfere with the existing arrangements until the return to I the colony of Mr Hake, chief inspector of explosives. The Secretary for Customs was seen on Thursday by Mr W. Gurr, M.L.A., who received an assurance that I the understanding previouslv arrived at J would not be departed from." -During the week ended on Saturday 2152 bags and 193 bales of produce were conveyed by tbe railways to Gee long. The produce consisted of the • following:—Plonr, 50 bags; pollard, 210 do; barley, 275 do; potatoes, 6S7'do I chaff, 930 do, and 193 bales. His Excellency LordTlrassey and party wffi pay a visit to the St. Albans stud I farm and racing stables of Mr W B Wilson to-day. They will come to Geelong by a special train leaving Mel I tourne at 10.40 a.m. arriving °at the I local railway station at 11.55 a.m., and 1 they will leave again for Melbourne at I 4.40 p.m. The special train will consist .of the Governor's car and a double first I jilass carriage and guard's van. The I Pail way Commissioner, however, appears to be desirous of making the special train I h paying one, as it is -provided that passengers may be booked to travel to I from Geelong by it upon payment of I first-class fare. The three-masted schooner Pendle Hill came alongside the Yarra-street pier at, 10 a.a. yesterday with a cargo of New Zealand timber, which includes a large number of kauri logs for the Vulcan foundry, and several thousand feet of Kai katia to be made up into butter boxes at the cooperage establishment of Messrs J. Webber and Son. The balance of the timber, principally kauri, will be landed here for Ballarat. The vessel left Kaipara on October 3rd, and arrived off the Heads on Friday. The following day she came to an anchorage off Point Henry, and waited there until yesterday morning for a favoring wind that enabled Captain Norris to bring her with flying colors and all sail set through the Hope toun channel. The passage from New Zealand was uneventful, a succession of calms being experienced until the latter end of the month when severe southerly and south-westerly gales were met with, followed by calms and baffling head winds which retarded progress. The secretary (Mr M. M. Hassett) of the cyclists' camp to he held at Warr I nambool from 2oth to 29th December, was in Geelong on Friday and Saturday making arrangements with many of the local bicyclists for the wheelmen's holi day in picturesque Warrnamhool. Ac commodation hi military tents is to be provided for 600 bicyclists, and it isfnily I expected that the resources of the hu £rc oimp will be fully taxed, for already I there is a healthy demand for 'camp I tickets. Workmen have been busily engaged during the past'week in effecting "sbme necessary improvements to .the asDhalt cycling track at the Agricultural Society's show grounds. The eastern and western ends of the oval where the cyclists tui-n on the straight run are being widened 10ft and banked up. The additions will make the turns at either end , 30ft in width, thus affording bicycle riders ample room when racing . around the bends and ensuring greater safety. The additional earthwork will be covered with asphalt, and the whole track is to be top I dressed, which will be found by the I eyelisis of great service, and a means of I the riders attaining a greater speed than the present apparently rough surface will permit. The improvements now beiu° made by Messrs Conway and Evans, the I contractors under the supervision of Mr A. Laird, architect, will cost about £S0. The track, when completed, will, have cost a little over £300, and in the opinion of bicycle riders it will be the best in the colony. On Saturday forenoon tbe steamer Woolloomooloo, one of the Blue Anchor line of cargo and passenger boats trading between London and Australia, arrived in Corio Bay from Sydney-. The vessel berthed alongside the Yarra-street wharf where her agents, Messrs Shannon' Murray and Co., expect she will receive about 1600 bales of wool and leather and leave for London, via Melbourne, to morrow forenoon. The Woolloomooloo left Sydney for Geelong late on Wednes day night and experienced fine weather and favorable winds to Gabo Island and passed through Port Philb'p Heads' at 4 a.m. on Saturday, Geelong being reached about 10 a.m. The steamer, which is 3521 tons net register, is under the command of Captain H. Goodrham, B.N.B., and carried as saloon passengers from Sydney Mrs Goodrham, Mr Parbury | and Mr Phillips. Her cargo from Sydney for London consists of 1C-54 bales "wool 10 bales hair, S5 bales rags, 11 bales ! sheepskins, 9 bales rabbitskins, 169 bales leather, 109 hales h&sils;, 350 carcasos_l casespearishell, 39 cases horns,' 4116 hiaes, 934S carcases mutton and • lamb. 1 A portion of tbe Coryule estate, situated at Drysdale, and adjoining Greenvale farm, was submitted for sale by auction by Messrs Robinson, Burns and Sparrow on Saturday .afternoon. About 100 acres, subdivided into iiaJKly-sized allotments, were offered to tbe public, but only one lot of 15 acres was sold at auction, Mr JY Reynolds being tbe purchaser at £16 per acre. It is expected that the remaining lots will be sold privately during tbe present week. Yesterday afternoon the residence of Mrs Greeves, at fha corner of Swanston and Little Malop sireefe, was broken open by thieves during the' absence of Mrs Greeves and her family. The rooms were thoroughly ransacked by the house breakers, wiio appeared to have been in search of money and jewellery, which tuey stole, leaving other property all strewn about the rooms. The bicycle road from fiust Geelong the Wallington township and back on Saturday afternoon attracted a large attendance of spectators, both at the starting point and along the Quecns eliff-road. There was an excellent muster of cyclists, much interest being evinced in the contest. The vehicular traffic on the main road to the Wallington was partit-ulaily brisk, and ali of the drivers en conv eyar.ces exhibited uu interest in the event to the extent of drawing off the centre of tbe road in order to allow tbe ^ , w u.iiu\y ciiti cyclist rulers every facility in the race for the trophies. Ali of the "cyclists' appro mated the courtesy, and on returning to Last Geelong expressed their thanks for the thoughtful acts of those iu charge of conveyances. Although the weather iu Melbourne ; yesterday morning was cold aud bleak, ; there was a fairly large muster of excur- j sionists on the Queen's wharf before the steamers Courier and Edina started on j the trip to Gcelong via Portarlington. , both vessels secured good patronage and I passengers enjoyed a brisk breeze aud a very pleasant run to this port, many of tne excursionists being visitors to Mel bourne from the iuland districts and the neighboring colonies. A laborer named J as. Regan, aged 3S years, who has been a source of trouble j to the police, was arrested on Saturdav I night at 11 o'clock by Constable Hawkins On a charge of drunkenness. Far a considerable time past Regan has caused great commotion in the neighborhood of 'e. Myers ana Yarra streets by smashing the windows of the house m which his wife resides. The police have been frequently sent for to take Regan into custody, but each time he has nianaged to evade them, until Saturday night, when he was secured in Ryrie street* Several accidents to bicycle riders occurred on Saturday iu connection, with the bicycle road race to the Wallington and hack. At the starting post, when several riders in thesecond class were sent away, a spectator rushed across the road in front of the cyclists aud collided with Mr J. Bennett, one of the competitors. Gyokst ana pedestrian came to "grief on the metal, but both escaped injury, although the wheelman lost about 100 yards. On the run out to the Wallington three nders were unseated through various causes. There was an exciting finish for first place between Jas. Maekay ( third class) and A. L. Walters (second class), and when the lastnamed had passed the ■judges a bov ran across the road in front of the bicycle rider. In avoiding the juvenile Mr Walters suddenly swerved to ' a.nd> the bin _skidding, he was thrown with great vio lence on to the bard road. Mr Walters was severely bruised on the leffcrie"- left arm and shoulder, and his , bicycfe was badly damaged. The race for the Melbourne Cup will take place to-morrow afternoon on the" Jblemington racecourse. Tuesday has been proclaimed a public and- bank? holiday throughout the colony, and special arrangements have been made for giving holiday-makers the means of enjoying the respite from business. The residents of Geelong will have an oppor tunity of proceeding by steamer' to Melbourne to . witness the races, and' those wno _ prefer a longer sea trip can extend the journey bv travelling in the Rxcelsiorto Schnappsr Point. TheEx celsior will leave the Moorabool-street wharf at i a.m. instead of 9 a.ui., the ordmary tune for leaving Geelong. After landing passengers at the Melbourne wharf the Excelsior will make a trip to Sclinapper Point, leaving the Queen's wharf at 11 a.m., and returning from e-chnapper Romt at 4 p.m. The Excel sior will Mart from Melbourne on the return trip to Geelong "at seven o'clock on Tuesday evening. The fares (saloon only) to be charged for the special excur sion trip are very reasonable, viz.3s return to Melbourne, and os from Gee 10 The following persons have been" nomi nated as candidates for seats on the school boards of ad rice for the respective vr °i-^S^'lcts mentioned :—Shire of Meredith, East riding, No. 1S5 : Messrs Frank Armytage, Michael J. Bennett, Samuel B2and, John Cahir, James febney, Thomas Kelly, Sydney M'Eeod, ^?imA T rP y,nWilliam J" Sanson, wfAi'' Borou?b Of Hewiown T„ v pW- ' ^ : Edwin Bennion, Jaeob Cmrns, George M. Hitchcock, Richard Gfco, William Strong, Joshua ^?nes- , Sbile Colac, Wee ring ridin No. 1_1 ; William J. Barnard, Alfred -Pearee. Shire of Bininoakburu, "West KWrrtP ?6iBobert Costain, Robert Kerr Gihespie, James M'Donald, Robert Ritchie, Duncan Smith. Town of Gee ion-, >o. , : Jonathan Hosford, Francis J. Leary, George F. Link, Alfred J. Owen, James W. Sayer, John G.. Taylor. Shire of Cono, Peak riding, No. 1°3 - John Branch, Joseph Moyle, .Hn-h achmond,- David Walker,- Robert- B. Walker. Moorpanyal riding, No. m • James H Hardel, j-un.. John. Looker" James Smith, Charles J. Yigar. Shire of South Bur won, Conuewarre ridin«- No Rttni w-lr' E|Msch, Jonathan e! Pittock, William Scott. . Barwon aud Sardinia ndiiigs : John Harrison, George Heyer, Laurence G. Moulitjoy, Robert Eenzow, Ernil T. Sichlau. Aii appeal to arms was made on Satur day evening at a quarter past nine o'clock by a couple of young men who had evi dently been indulging in strong drink. The row occurred in jrront of the market, in Little Malop-street, and the combat attracted the attention of a large number of persons who quickly -made h. ring for. the combatants. Among the passers-by at the time was Constable Lovitt, who was in plain clothes, and he at once darted into the ring and separated the offenders against law and order The constable secured one of the. pair, who afterwards gave the - name of John Osborne, but bis antagonist - escaped. Osborne, who fought with great despera tion, gave the constable a. severe wrest ling match, and, whilst the struggle was proceeding, some cowardly creature hi the crowd struck the constable violently in the face. "When a big row appeared to be imminent, Constable Moden appeared in uniform, and, rushing to the assistance of bis comrade, scattered the crowd, and helped Lovitt to take his prisoner to the lockup. Osborne, during the fight, used , some disgustingly obscene expressions, and when at the watchhouse he was charged with having behaved in an in sulting manner in a public place, a second charge of using obsceuce language j being preferred against him. A fatal accident occurred at Bailiostou on Saturday morning. A lad named John Gorrie, aged 15, was, -with " liia widowed mother, returning from the creamery, when the horse bolted and the vehicle capsized. When picked up the lad was unconscious. T)r R. G. Reid, of Kagainbie, • was called in; and found the patient suffering from a. fractured skull, from which" the brain ivas protrading. Tbe lad lingered about six hours and- then succumbed, i Strange to say his father -was killed someTotir years ago through a similar accident. A correspondent writes A week or - two ago a yonug man living not a bundled miles from the Barwon River had an experience -which should certainly, teach him to be a little more careful as to wbo ho plays jokes upon. The young man in question enveloped huaself in a sheet and walked to one of the seats near-, the Barwon bridgo with the intention of frightcuiug a ladv and- gentle man who were sitting thereon. The gentle man, however,- was ' "."hot having any ghosts," and promptly went fob-the' .white clad visitant, with the result that hel'iad to whistle for some of his friends,nvho.cainc up just ■ in time .to save.: him from.a sound thrashing, which he ricblv deserved. Writing from Pertii (Western Australia) to a friend (jays the "Warracknabeal Herald") a former resident of Warracknabeal gives the following discouraging - news:—" X arrived safely and got work two days after, and am stiUgojgg. Perth is a city of about 20,000 inhabitants, a lively ami happy-go-lucfcy and very drunken ' place,- It is not a good place to live in, being very hot in' the day and cold at night, nothing but sand, sand everywhere, aud in everything the cost of living in very high, nearly twice as much as iu Victoria. Reuts are from 25s to 30s pet week fur a four-roomed bouse. There is a fair amount of work for carpenters, but there are far too many of the other trades. Wages average 10s per dat', carpenters lie, pain ters Es." Two accident cafes were treated at the hospital oh Saturday afternoon. Iu the first case the victim was a man named Charles Ciemeus, a resident of Geelons West, who fell against a log of' wood and inflicted' an injury to his side. The sufferer in- the secoud instance was u lad named Frederick JJ-Galvin, who received a wound over the I pye. » appears from the particulars sup- j ] plied that M'Galvin was playing with some companions, when one of them kicked a jam tin which flew upward and struck the "boy in the face. At the half-yearly meeting on Friday of the shareholders of the Ballarnt "Woollen and Worsted Company, held at the Old Colonists' Hall, a very satisfactory state of affairs was reported, and a divideid of 4§tl (equal to 15 per cent.) was declared. A youth named Thomas M^Maloivry, who lives in Malop-strect, met with a slight mishap yesterday, owing to a fall which he had while out walking. When falling he struck against a glass bottle, and cut his right knee. He was taken to the Hospital, where he received treatment for the injury. The farmers of Little River (says the | " Werribee Express ':) have liberally sub scribed towards providing a trophy for the local Sparrow Club, the first round of which will be shot for on Saturday next. A match is also being arranged to take place at Little River shortly between a team of shootists from the Colonial Ammunition Company, Foolseray, headed by Captain Whitney (manager of the factory), and the members of the local club. The " Werribee Express " says : te Cr G-. T. Chirnside will have no less than eight reapers and' binders going this season on Werribee Park, as ho has oyer 1400 acres under crop. His dairy herd is a splendid one, principally Ayrshires and Alderneys, all in grand condition. At present 70 cows are in full milk, hut Mr Py well, the manager of the dairy farm, says there will he over 90 milking soon. All the milk is Bent to the factory, which is now under the care of Mr GwiUiain, who purchases the milk, and runs the factory on his own account." Arrangements have been made by the Minister : of Mines witli Reuter's Telegraph Company to cable to England quarterly the gold returns of the colony, and also any new discoveries of an important character that may he verified by the Government Geologist. Mr Foster hopes by this means to bring the resources of the colony under the notice of the •British capitalists, and thus encourage investors to direct their attention to Victoria as an ontlet for capital. Owing to the prospect of a bad harvest in some portions of the colony, and particularly on the northern plains, the Minister, of Lands has decided that those farmers who obtained advances from the Lauds depart ment a few ^months ago, for the purchase of seed and whose crops are now a failure, shall mot he pressed for the repayment of the loan ;iintil-aftef next' season. Where the crops are fairly good, however, the farmer will be asked -to; carry out his . contract with the department by refunding.the. amount , of the advance when the. crop is harvested. In order to ascertain the circumstances of each grantee, the Crown Lauds bailiif will report on the crops. • • "' ' Oh Thursday nigh b Mr Arthur Bayloy, the discoverer of .Barley's Reward claim at . a Coolgardie, died at his residence, the Avenei ;Estate, from congestion, of the liver, after a very brief illness. Mr Bayley was . enjoying his usual health up till Thursday morning, when he complained of feeling1 unwell, and Drs Butchart, of Avenei, and Strongman, of Seymour, were called in. JDespite their attention^ however, the patient died in the evening. Mr Bayley has been an. energetic explorer and prospector since he was 16. years of age, when he left his birthplace at Newbridge, Victoria, to work .at mining in North Queensland. His more recent doings, culminating in his sensational discovery of the Coolgardie field, are matters of colonial history. Mr Bayley was also one of the first men on the Murchison field. He was only 31 years of age, and leaves'a widow, hut no family.;. For. some time past the . shipowners have had the question of wages of seamen and firemen under consideration, in consequence of the men employed in our colonial mer cantile marine having approached their re spective employers with a view of obtaining an increase upon their rates of pay. Further interviews Have resulted in an understanding that owners, on and after the 1st November, will pay their seamen and trimmers £6 per month, and firemen £S per month. " A Horsham business mail has received the following letter from a farmer at Sandleton, South Australia, who is desirous of obtaining employment in the Wimmera:—11 Our dis trict.:is in the Murray flats, and after two successive total failures of crops I see the urgent necessity of looking for some work to keep nic going. Our average yield per acre has been :—1894-95, two bushels ; 1895-96, nil; 1896-97, likely to be the same. I really cauuot see how the farmers will pull through this next year. Ail available resources are exhausted—no feed, no seed, ho credit/ no money—hut debts and debts and debts again. Some of our people are crying violently for: bread; they are in a most deplorable condi tion. - . . « I speak of facte. - I know of farmers who have not for months had enough thatch straw left to feed their starving stock, and yet I am. told our district is-not the worst." - - ~ • At the Melbourne Veterinary College may be. seen a full-mouthed merino ram with six. legs, the supernumerary limbs being two fore ones attached to the costal cartilages and the sternum on the near side. Though" somewhat small/the hones of the limbs are evidently all present, the shoulder portions being covered with a good coating,of wool and held by a comparatively narrow neck to the.body. The limbs are, of course, power less ; and the feet, which are well developed, i are trailed along the ground. (A picture of the animal appoaraiu " Australian Farm aud I Home.") ' . | Correspondents sending paragraphs for this column relating to Societies,; Church. Unions, Lodges, etd, trill please observe that no an nouncements of events to take place are admis sible m such paragraphs unless they refer to an advertisement in another port of the paper. MrFratik Shepherd, licensee of the Mel bourne Club Hotel, Geelong, has secured No. 2 bootli on the hill ait the Flemington race course during the Cup racing carnival. . deceived, "xarm and Home " and Australian Journal " for November. Messrs A. J. Young and Co. Trill soil by auction to-day at 2 p.m., household furniture and effects, on the premises, Candover-stroct. Sir W. Gurr announces that ho has now the agency for several celebrated makes in bi cycles* These are now on view and for sale at the Exhibition Exchange. Jlr W. Gurr will sell by auction to-day at two o'clock, on the premises, Fitzroy-street, near Sydney-placei for Mrs Middlcton, useful household furniture and furnishings. The secretary of the Geelong Hospital begs to acknowledge; "with thanks, the receipt of the following gifts received during October, 1S96 : One pair cratches, Mr Dupe J one pair crutches, Mrs Hall; one parcel papers, Mrs Ogle ; one "do and trusv MissMil^s ; one do, Mi's M1'Millan ; one do, Missionary Committee S G.J". C.B. Society : one do, illustrated, Mrs Phillip Russell.;.' one do, Mr Tidier ; one do magazines, a Friend ; one do, Mrs Alfred Douglass; one do, G.Y.M.C.A.; one do comic papers, Miss Wilson; one do, C. 3". Robertson ; . one. do, Mrs Hoptou ; one do books, a- Friend ; one do, Mrs Ander son ; one basket flowers, children's floral ser vice. per Iter. J". M.. Smith ; ouc do, Rev. J". M. Smith, Barrabool; .one do, Miss Lizzie Edney. r- . - A meeting of the Geelong Cycling Club" will -be held in the club rooms m the "Exhibition Hall afrS o'clock this evening. Nominations for tho vacancies in tho Geelong Town Council for the several wards will close at 4p.m.,to-day., . . - - 'The tmie.ior receiving nominations of can didates for the vacancy in the Moriac riding of the shire of Barrubool closes at 4 p.m. to day. The steamer Edina will not make her usual trip from Melbourne to-day, but will resume running to-morrow. Commencing from to-day the steamer Excel sior will call at Portarlington on her way to and from Melbourne daily. The master bakers of Geelong and suburbs have raised the price of the 41b loaf to seven pence, commencing from to-day. It has been decided by the Corio Grocery Company, Moorubool-street to dose their shop on Fridays at 1 p.m., and to keep open on Saturdays until 10 p.m. This alteration iu respect to the weekly half-holiday will be made next Friday. The annual meeting of the Barrabool shire council, will be held on Tuesday, 17th inst. , The half-yearly muster of cattle depasturing o'u the .uitUe River and Ducks Ponds Farmers' Common will take place to-morrow. A call of twopence per share in tho New liaven G-M. Co., Walhalla, has been made. The monthly meeting of the St. Patrick's Society will he held to-iuorrow evening. Messrs Hekdy, Learv and Co. are advertised to sell by auction, on Wednesday, 11th Novem ber, at S.-jO p.m.. s-Tooroed w.b, house and 11 acre of land, Britannia-street, Genlong \Vc-3tI Sec advertisement. The members of the Pakington-street Primi tive Methodist Baud of Hope provided a verj* pleasing entertainment at the Temperance Hall, in Little Mulop-strcet, last Saturday evening, when they wero entrusted with the fiutv of arranging the programme for the meet ing iu connection with the series of weekly concerts. Interest in the movement appears to be on the increase, and there was a largo nud appreciative audience, which should be encouraging to the promoters of the gather ings.- Mr J. Murray presided, and during the evening an address appropriate to the nature Df the meeting was delivered by the Rev. C. H. Hammer, oougs, recitations ahd instrumental music bv the young people were heartilv ap plauded. 