A REAL GHOST. (Bt Kyrle Bellew.) £23 ®S, * have seen Kga _^3 n, ghost — once/' I said iti answet ^v£*Mj|iiy to an ' inquiry, while -Mrs. Pot ?gP^'gly ter's and ray P-S. i W( company was \lM|f standing found Vtisll *^le s^ove a \wff wayside station gjSf-s. waiting to con y,!§^§ yijHj.nect with a train ftftsvP^'bound east from Sfc- Paul. 'After 1 ieft sea I went out gold mining to Australia — mado moneys failed — and at last found myself installed second mate of a large English clipper full of passengers and bound for London. ' 'We cleared away from Sandridge pier about mid-day, and our last passenger to come on board was a young fellow in a long brown ulster — ulsters were new then and remarkable. The only other one I knew was worn by Fanny — — , a beauti ful young girl who had lately arrived from England and to whom I had become greatly attached. 'The passenger was shipped home by bis frifends with special instructions to our captain to keep him away from liquor. He was an absolute wreck from drink. Our booby-hatch had been filled at the last ?with a quantity of Colonial wine, one of the first shipments from the colonies home ; but there was plenty of room in the cut Of the hatchway for a man to stand. ' Well, we had been to sea some weeks and were battering way 'round the Horn ?with a head wind and as cold as the deuce. The snow and ice were thick everywhere, and it was blowing hard. I swore if I onca got out of it I would never voluntarily go to sea again. One night (I had the middle watch ; that is from 12 to 4 in the morn ing), I was sitting on a hen-coop under the weather cloth in the mizzen ringing when I heard the captain come up. He had with him the young man in the brown ulster. The captain gave me a few orders ; took a turn up and down ; said good night, and went below. ' There was no one left on the poop but myself and the man at the wheel, for it was bo cold I gave the youngster who had to strike the bells leave to go below until I called. ' I suppose I must have got numbed by the cold and slept, for I was awakened by the relief wheel at four bells, who gave me the course as he went below. I took a turn aft and saw the young man with the brown ulster leaning over the taffrail ; but when I turned aft again he had gone down ithe companion, which faced tlie helmsman, and was the only entrance on deck from the saloon. ' I asked the helmsman how long the young man had been on deck. I was jeomewhat taken aback when he assured me ^there had been no one there. I thought I 'had been dreaming, so did not press the matter. ' Shortly afterward the moon, which had been obscured, broke through the clouds and made everything — covered as it was with snow — bright as day. As I turned aft in my walk I saw the man in the ulster leaning over the lee rail close to the helm. I walked aft to speak to him. As I approached he turned toward me in the moonlight, and to my horror I saw the face of Fanny ? . The figure stood for a moment, and then seemed to go over board. 'I shouted out, 'Down milh the helm! Man overboard ! ' 'The watch came tumbling affc. In a moment all hands were on deck. The ship flew up into the wind and swung her main yard aback. ' ' Who is it, Mr. Bellew P ' asked the »ptain. ' 'The passenger, sir,' I answered, ' with fthe long ulster.' We lowered a boat, but (there was no trace of him. Th^muster soll was called and the young;' fellow was gone sure enough. 'We braced up our yards and filled ftway again, and after a few days ran into Que weather and forgot all about the lost nassenger, svlio was duly entered in the log Dook as lost overboard. ' One day in the tropics the captain gave orders to have the hatches off and let some air into the hold. The last hatch to be remove's, was the booby -hatch aft, an ornamental teakwood affair on which passengers used to sit, and which formed quite a feature of the quarter-deck. As we raised the hatches a peculiarly sickening emell came tip from the hold. ''There's dead rats there, sir, sure,' said the carpenter to me. ' Off came the hatches, and there, to our horror, in the fierce sunlight of the tropics, ?with everything bright and gay about us — children laughing and playing, everyone bappy — we disclosed the bloated and de composed corpse of the young man in the brown ulster. By his side was a broken case of wine, and two or three empty bottles showed plainly how he had died. 'The problem of how he got into the ;hold was soon solved. There was a large ibrass ventilator just abaft the main fife rail, and knowing that drink was stowed , down there he had lowered himself down 'to get it. ' On my arrival in the Thames our long looked-for mail was brought on board by our agents. Among the first letters I opened was' one bearing the Melbourne postmark. I opened it hurriedly, for I was anxious for news. It was from a stranger, eimply enclosing a newspaper paragraph : — 'On Sunday last, at No. ? street. East , Melbourne, Fanny, only danghter of Thomas — — , Esq., of inflammation of the lnngs. 'My mind rushed back to the night off ? Cape Home when I had seen her face in ;the moonlight, ? I turned the leaves of the ; logbook, and there, on the same date as the isaotice in the newspaper clipping, was the .entry-; — 'Richard ? , passenger: ?jumped or fell overboard, 3 a.m. (Signed) ' ? Kyble Bellew, ''Second Officer, Ship T— — — S ? — N.Y. Dramatic Mieboe. 