DEVILS IK FRANCE. I I Apparitions and other ■ r:. ; THINGS. “The devil Is abroad in prance!” This fa now tiie cry throughout the length and breadth of that country. Never within the memory of man has there been such a scare; never have there been so many blood-curdling stories of awful, supernatural apparitions. From these stories one would imagine that the whole infernal host and a bat talion or two of celestial angels had broken loose. We hear of Belial, of Ashtoreth, of Apollyon. of several other uncanny and undesirable demons. We hear, too, of sylphs, of shapeless mon sters' like ineubi. of pallid ghosts, of fiery serpents, and of a marvellous woman; who is supposed to be the Vir gin Mary. Of ‘sorcerers, too, and their strange, do.ings we hear somewhat, as also of witches and their magical pranks. The denizens of the other worlds made their first appearance at Tillv sur- Seulie. All Europe heard of and marvelled, at these apparitions, and finally they caused so much stir that the French Society of Psychical QC?,S'> 'Sorted , an investigation. Bettes went to Tilly, spent sev days there, aad- finally . returned ..... “mde his report. Here is what churchman and scientist savs:— ‘I am absolutely convinced that ap paritions were really seen at Tilly. 7. have obtained all possible testimony on the subject, and the proofs that the apparitions were genuine are in contestable. . Legends and traditions show that this region lias been always '^mtad. A well known government otbcial. it is said, saw the Virgin Marv one evening wreathed in flames. Ap paritions began to appear on March lo. and since then they have appeared set oral times daily. The school chil dren were the first to see the Virgin Mary, and they spread the storv everywhere. the result being that ini m.ense crowds have been coming to -tdl.v. as many as IS,000 arriving on one single day. VVITXESSES EXAMINED. During my investigation I examin ed niore than fifteen hundred witnes S(j-S' ;!nl0!ta ■"'horn were representatives pt all classes and of all wavs of rhink lng-magistrates. . teachers.' believers, and uu.ielievers. I closely questioned them all. and they told me the same stm.t. M.v conclusion is that we enn not dispute this evidence. The super natural certainly exists, and defies ma teiial’.sm and free thought. These plie t0 1)e both divine and diabolical. If they cauuot be both at the same time, theu the diabolical in fluence preponderates, for. while an angel of darkness can assume the ap pearance of an angel of light, an angel ot fight never assumes the guise of an angel of darkness. “I am convinced that if the spot where these apparitions have appeared is thoroughly dug. we shall discover the rums of a chapel or a convent, or ot some monument dedicated to the v irgin. Iu conelusiou. let me say that we should not be surprised at the- fre quent appearances of supernatural phenomena in these days. Such phe nomena have appeared at all times, but persons paid no attention to them! Uo-day we are at the height of the re action against free thought ; the psy chical sciences have made great pro gress and have greatly helped to arouse the attention of the men and women who have for some time been shaken m the faith qf their childhood, and are now coming back to lionest belief after an era of doubt. The history of the world is full of such reactions.” A little girl named Poliniere lias al ready seen the apparition of the Virgin thirty times at Tilly, and touching is her description of the maimer in which she feels herself impelled by some: mys terious force to remain ever near the spot where the wondrous vision ap pears. Sometimes, in place of the Vir gin appears chapels, statues, angels, and globes of fire. Out of the ground they seem to come, enveloped in a cloud . which gradually disappears, onlv to re main again after the vision- has fully manifested itself. On Ascension Dav two hundred witnesses say tliev saw a rosy cloud, while eighty say the'v saw a Calvary and sixty a cross. Some young persons, who tried to plav on the credulity of the pilgrims, found them selves hunted b.v three fierv bullets at which:they fired their revolvers in vain Others say they have seen headless Woody phantoms and have heard invis ible bells ringing; nay. one dav a lion devouring his prey, is said to iiave an peared to a large number of persons among them being a child, who was nearly frightened to death. AX EXTRAORDINARY INCIDENT . But here is a-yet more extraordinary incident. On the robe in which one of the latest apparitions of the Virgin was clothed were written four letters. Mane Lame, who saw this vision does not know how to read. Slie asked ' so,me1 to show her an alphabet which being done, she straightway pointed out the letters that she had seen on the Virgin’s robe. They were the letters U. S. P. O. What eonm they mean? This was the question everyone asked. Among the othera Abbe Brettes was puzzled until he re turned to Paris, for there he found a letter from Caon. saying that the hid den meaning of these letters had been 'revealed to a eliild in a dream 6 r •\l'e thG fil'St foni' attars of the four Latin words, “ Unmn saeellmn pmm quaeso.” the meaning of w m is. I am looking for a holy clianel ” The child who made this' discovery knows no Latin any more than Marie Lame, who first saw the letters, knows bow to read. The savor of diabolism ubout this extraordinary phenomenon ; baSw.6aused widespread awe. which is 1rffte'ls(taGd b>' the inexplicable conduct of a strange woman who has he->n ^ THly_for some days. been at "She is clothed entirely in black for ■u hi eli reason she is known far and wide llack "'Oman.” and rumo, has it. -that she sees most terrible shriits \ pitiful sight she is. so iinich does She seem to suiter. On her forehead are ever great beads of perspiration Her . eyes are red with weeping, and at times .her whole fac-e is convulsed as thou-rii with horror at some diabolical vision Abbe Bretfes questioned her as to liei trouble, and she confessed to him that she was constantly beset with visions of Legion, who, be it known, is a most potent demon. She begged the abbe tc free her from her tormentor, a request which the abbe, though entirely willin-r was unable to grant, as Legion, witli demoniac persistency, declined to show himself while the abbe was present. Sc “the black woman” still weeps, and shudders in-the grip of the hideous demon. THE SOCIETY’S CONCLUSION. Taking all these alleged facts intc consideration, the Society of Psyehica' Sciences arrived at the following con clusions:— 1\. Tiie.supernatural, as manifested al Tilly, bids defiance to all the laws ol materialism. 2\. Certain facts, but only those which have been clearly proven, seem to he of divine origin: others betray their dia bolical origin. Therefore we must ad mit either than Tilly is the ground or which a battle is being fought betweer the divine supernatural, and the diabol ical supernatural, or that all the phenomena, of which we have spoken, are the result of a demoniac influence, 4\. Finally, our practical conclusion is this:—That it is necessary to make ex cavations in the place Where the appari tions have appeared, so it is likely that thus we may obtain valuable elements of information. This is certainly a practical conclu sion. and many are wondering whether “ the black woman's ” frame of mind will change after the magical ground at Tilly has been thoroughly dug up. Few think it will, “for she is truly pos sessed.” say they. “Did she not say a lady who was imploring the Virgin oil behalf of her sick child:—‘Unhappy one, what are you doing here? Go away at once. Your child will not be cured.’ Twelve tapers were burning at a little ^distance from her, five of which had been placed there by the mother of the sick child. As ‘the black woman’ spoke a great black-winged butterfly flew among the tapers and extinguished the five, the very five placed there by the mournful mother. They were re-lit. but the monster butterfly appeared again and extinguished them once more.” Very strange all this, but not more strange than the story of the haunted house at Valenee-en-Brie. This house has been the theatre of inexplicable sounds, most‘mystifying being'a. voice, the owner of which has hitherto' eluded all human eyes. For seventeen days tliis mysterious voice has been- making itself heard throughout the house, now insulting, now terrifying, now pleading. Policemen have, tried to find the owner, and the weird voice has laughed them to scorn. Dr. Pate, the family physi cian. has investigated, and the taunt ing voice has covered him with contu mely. Furniture has been smashed by the invisible destroyer, and after one wreck of this, kind the voice shouted maliciously:—“Hurrah. I am doing good work: I am content with myself!” A curious explanation of this mys tery has just been offered. Isabelle Pel lettier. the servant in this house, oc cupied. it appears, two situations be fore her present one. and in each of them occurred phenomena somewhat resembling these now occuiTing in the haunted house. These phenomena, too, it is said, only occurred in her presence or when she was near. Now, it is a re markable fact that in every so-called haunted house there is said to be either a sensitive young girl or some man who is suffering from a nervous malady. The theory is that the strange pheno mena that occur in such houses are due to the presence of men with diseased nerves, or. which is far more often the case, of high strung young girls from thirteen to twenty years of age. The experiments of M. de Iloehas aud of Dr. Bara due prove that, man is possessed of a fluid envelope.-which, in its normal state, is impalpable and invisible, but which under known con ditions can leave the body and become materialised, after which it impreg nates inert bodies to such an extent as to communicate to them a sort of life. In the case of some persons certain effluvia escape from this fluid in the 1'orfn of waves, becoming more intense when the subject is in direct contact with the ground, without' the interposi tion of isolating substances. Dr. Baraduc has especially shown,by means of photography, that the phenomenon of aspiration and expiration is mani fested by the cosmic substances with which this envelope is nourished. Knowing so much, and whether we believe that living visible beings are the only beings on this earth, or that there are also other invisible beings, such ns angels, demons or iucubi, two plausible-explanations, can be given of the phenomena occurring at the liaunt I ed house at Yalenc-e-en-Bric. . .. One is that the subject impregnates with the vital fluid whatever objects’he approaches. These objects, then, in a sense become extensions or prolonga tions of his body, and when he moves from one place to another they move with him. It is possible, too, that the simple contact of an object charged with opposing electricity may bring about a returning current which wiil cause objects to change their positions. The smashing of furniture, then, could be explained by a violent electric shock. But we cannot-in this way explain the presence of the mysterious voice, for. in order to produce this a mater ialisation of the organs necessary for the emission of articulate sounds would be necessary. J The second explanation is very simple and will cause many to smile. The ques tion is. May not a spirit at times obtain j possession of this vital force after it I has escaped from the human body, .and may it not then model it and materialise it and use it for his own purposes? The Ivabbalists and modern occultists be liev’e in the existence of elementary de mons. and claim that they people the elements, among such demons being sylphs, gnomes, undines, incubi and ! salamanders, some wandering through space and -endeavoring to become in | ea mated, others being incarnated, which latter are vicious and imperfect men. Occultists, too. believe in the ex istence of fludic phantoms, known to the ancients as • larvas and lemurs, which love the steam of shed blood, aud which flee before the edge of a sword. Only by dividing them can such fluidic coagulations be destroyed. Dr. Barndue holds that these phan toms are monstrous productions, with out body or soul, and that they can be attracted by certain invalids, who are in fatal sympathy with them, and who' thus enable them to drag'out for a i longer or shorter time a fictitious exis fence at their expense. They are, as it were, supplementary instruments of tiie invalids’ instinctive will, their aim = being never to cure but always to mock and mislead. There is a third explanation—that the phenomena in the haunted house are the work of a practical joker, but. if so. it is rather strange that the joker has not yet been caught. Among those who have studied psychic . sciences the opinion seems to be tli.-it Louise Pel lettier is the author, though probably unc-onsciously or unintentionally, of all this apparent diablerie. On the other hand. Abbe Schnabelin. who ranks next to Dr. Fa pus as the most profound occultist, of modern times, is ofopiniou that the residents of the haunted house have been en chanted by a sorcerer. Rochas re cently made certain experiments as to the effects of enchantment. 1-Ie pricked the photograph of a certain person all over with a pin, aud found that the per son whose photograph it was felt the pin-pricks in his own body. - Rochas simply desired to prove that there is a good deal of truth in the old legends regarding the wickedness of sorcerers. Now scorcerers flourish to-day in several parts of France., aud especially in Paris. Brittany, Berry and the Basque country. They are, as a rule, shepherds', tramps and ordinary fortune tellers of both- sexes. Among them. too. are several young girls, and they are especially dreaded, for they are supposed to have the power of inflict ing unspeakable woe. Gypsies have also kept up the ancient practice of sorcery, the most celebrated being those of Hun gary. Bosnia and Russia. Abbe Schnabelin has not spoken rash ly. He went to Valenee-en-Brie, made a careful investigation, and only then expressed the opinion that the entire turmoil has been caused by a. sorcerer. A man. known to be a sorcerer, lives in the neighborhood, and. according to the nbbe. his fluid body or that of some other sorcerer has the power of freeing itself from the material body at wili. and has in this instance done so in order to annoy the family in the haunt ed house. In this enlightened age a conjecture of this kind sounds-absurd, but it is very plausible when we compare it with other stories of sorcerers, and especial ly tiiose concerning human metamor phosis. Here, for example, is one told by Delancre, a member of Parliament, who. in the reign of Louis XIII., was commissioned to make an inquiry into the actions of the Basque sorcerers:— “-A gentleman of the Basque country.’* he says, “returning from the hunt, saw a slie-wolf. whose eyes seemed to him to be very like those of his wife. He raised his gun and fired. The she-wolf, hit in the side, ran off, howling. “On his return home the gentleman found,1ns wife in bed. pretending that she had hurt herself by accident, as she was out walking. The gentleman examined the wound, and great was ids amazement when he found in it some grains of shot of the same size as he had used. “The unhappy woman then confessed that she had been in the habit of as suming the form of a she-wolf. with the object of taking part in the witches’ revels, and that if was she who had been shot by her husband. Her name, was the’Lady of Urtubi. and soon after* this event she was tried and burned.” 