They Say. ^Dhat the Tafimanian Tourists' Association has decided to give every possible , assistance to the Great Western Raiiwaj Company. That the bon. member for Brighton is president of the Tourists' Company. See ? : That municipal aristocrats are at tbeir wits' ' end to discover candidates. , That all sorts and conditions ot men have been asked to allow themselves to be nominated. : That others are endeavoring to engineer requisitions to themselves. • That as far at any rate as the lay speakers I .were concerned the anti-gambling meeting was simply a means to an end. ; That it was a big electioneering canvas. : That Mr Fowler, who only " plays to the ! Ralleiy " when it suits him, made a big use of the opportunity. That he trotted out the ghosts of .a brief and somewhat inglorious political career for the benefit of the volers. That Mr Button—who is not feverishly anxious to meet the public—was represented by proxy. : That on his'behalf Mr M. 35. Robinson soli- • cited votes. That S. 3. having failed to " lend " the anti- Eailway crusade, is now saddltng up to ride anti -gambling to victory. That S. 3. may work ont this problem:— If gambling is wrong, is it right for any man to receive payment for the use of land upon which gamee of chance are played ? That there is gambling in everything, even in the Mayoral elections and the evasion of direct moral responsibility in big libel suits. That the Democrat is opposed to gambling, bat likes to take a common sense, practical vieirof the question. That an onnee at example is worth a whole ton of precept. That consequently those who denounce gambling should avoid nap in the railway trains, and Parliamentary refreshment rooms. That Mr M. E. Rsliason's definition of " virtue" is thoroughly original. Xhat he declares that "virtue is the absence of temptation." That a good many stupid people were under the impression that fie resistance of temptation was a virtue—hut, of course, M. B. knows best. Til it Archdeacon Hales' speech against gambling was logical and practical. That the venerable gentleman believes in a maximum of" individual liberty and a minimum of State interference. Tbat Kingarooma's elect is overjoyed at the advent of Mr M. J- Clarke in politics! That this is natural and grateful, for Ringa- . rooma's man most remember how nicely Mr C, once spoke of his editorial policy. That the occasion was an action for libel against a n»«i 1600 miles away. Result— Damages. That Mr Hartnoll talces a tender farewell of " South " Launceston on Monday. That, like all politicians on such occasions, he would no doubt gladly re-echo Borneo's words, "Parting is suoh swset sorrow that I could say good night until it be tomorrow." That articles upon identically similar lines to those which "Copenhagen" is now contributing to a local contemporary have been appearing in a Dnnedin democratic paper for about six weeks. That imitation is assuredly the most sincere flattery. That the Examiner's Danish polifcical-spori- '. ing scribe has broken out agqii.. That he may be an authority on stablegossip and saddle slang, but he knows ' nothing of politics. That as a matter of fact the " horses " he names didn't win " the Great Western Cup." That they ran clean oS the parliamentary course when the first obstruction bad to That the Parliamentary stonewall collapsed , just when it might have been made strongest. .That the closure itself could have been stonewalled in an indirect and effective manner. That Dunning and Brown have a stafl of specially -qualified buyers ever on the alert to purchase first-class quality goods whereever obtainable at the lowest prises in the markets of the world. -That the goods they buy are egnal in quality to those kept in tie best houses of fashionable London. . Thai the Tasmanian Neice declares that Premier Seddon is deficient in firmness of character and ability to administer. That it wonld be interesting to know %)on " what data this opinion is formed. That the New Zealand Opposition publicly accredit the digger Premier with honesty, firmness, and "masterful administration. That Parliament, by unanimous resolution, thanked him for his treatment of the Midland Railway question. That the importunate creditor who endeavoured to turn the Licensing Bench into a debt-collecting agency wasn't quite successful. That during the past year there have been • no prosecutions against publicans under the Licensing Act. trhat the public generally are pleased at the 'aquatic victory achieved by the Commercial College. That it's satisfactory to see the "little fellows have a show now and again. That the administration of the Railway Department—notably in reference to Northern tenders—was severely handled on \- Tuesday evening. That the recollection of the coal contract has not yet faded into obscurity. That reasons in favor of payment of memare accumulating rapidly. That it would be interesting to know whether a business account issued by a member of Parliament from, his business place was treated as people hear. That rnmor declares that the debtor . added SO per cent, to the price charged, and eent cheque for increafed amount. That this liberal individual is supposed to be primarily interested in a legislative measure that said member supported. JThat the railway freight on some classes of goods from Zeehan to Strahan is equal to the rate charged from London to Mel- »_ jboume.. . . That an alteration is needed in the tariff of theTagmanian railways. 