TRAINING NOTES. MORPHETTVILLE. The tracks at .Morphettvillo were in good order on Thursday morning-, whon somo in teresting work was recorded. Keily was tho lint to tnxrin operations bv scndin&r; Miraclum am Thunder Queen a round at a good strong pace. Doric, who was ridden by Bushell, did useful excrcisa over three miles. Viking, with Willis in tho saddle, then negotiated around. The Eiridspord representative had tho assistance of the Derby colt Concussion for tho last half mile, and got over the once round in 2 rain. 44 sec. Respond and Fleet Admiral wero given long steady work. Pitchery (W. Burn) and Port Admiral (Jacques) took 2 min. 42 sec. to run oncu round the track. Danby ddc (Griffiths) and Hear Hear (F. Burn) were companions for a sis-furlong flutter, the watch registering 1 min. 23 sec. Diadem and Trent cho finished together at the end of a smartly run six furlongs. Alveary got over fivo fur longs in 1 nun. 7? sec, 'while Clytemncstra covered a milu in even time. Security k-ft liulf a mile behind on the course proper in 52-i sec. Roso Park joiuod in for the List three furlongs. Roscdalo was rospcnisiblo for a mile run in 1 min. 54 bcc Ensign was given strong work ovor a couplo of miles. Foliage ran a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 22 sec., toe last half-mile being left behind in 5S sec Nomadic finished up a round by spurting over tho l.nt four furlongs. Eleusiiii.in and Dalesman put in a round at half - pace. Blodtvun, who was assisted by Princess of Wales for the first mile and a furlong, got over tho Derby distance on the eourso proper in even timo. Tho Golden King and Floodbird were companions in a two-mile gallop, the last round being negotiated in 2 min. 45 sec. Supposition got over a mile and a quarter in 2 mm. 25 sec., the last mile being run in 1 min. 56 sec. Taliesin and Lord Salisbury only rajTtnred. Tire Old Course. Rorke's Drift, who wa3 piloted byF. Wise, strode- freely over three rounds, and finished up with :i short spurt. Firelock was given steady exercise, while Lord Grenrille put iu some good half and three-quarter pace work. Wiihino wan credited with a smart qtx furlongs, bus Dick Whitrinjjton was not extended. Barter, who is coming on nicely, was given useful exercise. Carmelite travelled over a mile, which was left behind in 1 min. 5SJ sec Havclock's mission was three rounds at a strong pace, the last circuit being got over- in 2 min. 4A sec Carlton was given steady exercise, wfiile Gipsy Queen and Juliet, the latter covering tho last two miles in 4 min., wore credited with good work. Black Hag concluded his task by running a round in '2 min. 3 sec. Confidence was treated to long half and three-quarter paoo work. Conscript and Mompa jumped off in front of Convontioncr and De la Volta; Mompa, who had the best of matters, negotiating the round in 1 min. 5S sec. Conventioner lost ground after the first furlong and finished alongside De la Volta. Handover put in some good work . at three-qnarter-pace. Trout and Helena finished together at tho end of a mile and a quarter, but the filly wm all out Dian thus eovtrad ? mil* in 1 min. 68} tec, while Th* Royalist only mnrkod steadily. Jaek 9pnt ran thrf* times round the track, th* hut circuit b*ing at thrat-quarter paco. Lonybow waa spurting, but Gaillardia only did medium work. All Fonrs was riven long steeplechase exercise. Home Rule got over his last round in 2 min. $ sec. ? Baronga and Consequence, the latter on the cinders, woro given moderate exercise, but Strike wag, credited with«some good work. Recoup finished in front of Begent in *. nt3« and * h,au gallop, tbs.tou&d; belmr *-wvvtnp*i in2 ro*11-' 4 sea Anglo: was given useful steejilBchase work. . Donbiooa aod Electric tookLmia. 23i sec, to get over six furlongs, isinglass ana Snowdrift were coupled for three circmta, the pair negotiating the final round in 2 min. 9 sec. iombastic went freely over a distance, but Radiant, who is showing signs of lameness, only worked steadily. Sir George had the assistance of Fishwife- in some good steeple chase work, the pair' leavine the last round behind in 2 min. 8 sec. Kiso _ and First Master wore responsible for a mile, the last seven furlongs taking 1 min. 39 sec Kirkby ran a milo and a furlong in 2 min. 0 sec. En? counter finished up some steady work by spurting home. Simple Jim, Wood field, Tho Ghost, Eclipse, Postal, Deburg, Union Jack, and Eaglchawk. were all treated to moderate exercise. Cigarette was not allowed to go fast, but Saracen did some useful sprinting, while Holly ran six furlongs in 1 min. 23 sec. Fund did not go beyond three-quarter pace, and Orb was restricted to medium pacing. 