Comments from the City. By Oalchas. Adelaide, December 1. Should the Hon. Dr. Cockburn be ap pointed Agent-General in April or May nest, which is not at all improbable, the Hon. Thomas Playford will contest Mount Barker, and most likely he will win the seat. He would be a tower of strength to the Premier, and it would not be long be fore he wbb back in the Ministry if any chance of that kind occurred. Mr. Play ford has in bis long Parliamentary career represented Onkaparinga, East Torrens, and ^Newcastle in the Assembly. Three of the Australian colonies have discontinued the custom of sending agents-general from their : town. |-61iticai circles. Sir Weetby Perceval£once ptpew Zealand, represents Tasmania; S|r: Andrew Cterke has been appointed by \tgtol0i andpeneral Sir H. W. Norman, V.CV; :oy £^^pe|and. New South Wales still retain|||hej|ipices of Sir Saul Samuel, and Sir Maic^Mr' Fraser still acts for West Australia, while Mr. Reeves has only jaet gone to England from Maori land. At ie not true that the Hon. D. Morley Charleston hae joined the National Defence ILea-guey, ^ '??Experts in Ti such matters prophecy that we shall hlveVanolber West Ausralian mining Doom inj^ebruary or March next. At present .the smarKet is very sick, and several men whp^ thought themeelves mil lionaires a little'while ago are now very nearly on their beam ends. Mr. Kenny, of Pekina, last week sold wheat which he had stored for three years, and he got 5s 9d for it. This will at least compensate him for a rather light crop this year. Whether influenced by the introduction of ; ihe Law Reform Bill or not I do not ^oWjibut the Supreme Court sat on Satur ^O^ijn wder to expedite the hearing of a btgl&afee; tibw; being fought out before it. Jadges/jjliceijeverj one else, are amenable to publifewpinioii, and they are just as im patient or fflriticiem as are ordinary folk. Then none of them like Mr. Kington's measure. =-. 1 ^ . The doctors took aigreat intereet in the meeting held in Adelaide recently for the purpose of drawing up a petition in favor of the appointment of a judge and two doctors to inquire into the Hospital dis pute. Amongst those present were Mr. J. B. Finiayson, editor of the Register), Dr. Hay ward, Chairman of the late honorary medical and surgical staff at the Hospital, Dr. Way, Dr. Poulton, Mrs. (Dr.) Way, Mrs. (Dr.) Campbell, and Miss Campbell. Dr. Hayward:4na-le the principal speech of the afternoon. A house to house canvass for signatures ia now being made in Ade laide. The people ae a rale are very sick of tbe Hospital dispute, and would be glad to know that it had been settled, no matter how. The end is not yet, and there will be many more wrangles before the ghost is laid. ,- The Liberal party will make a big en deavor to win one of the seats for the Northeast at the forthcoming Council election, and with this object they have in duced Mr. Thomas Mitchell, J.P., the Chairman of Directors of the South Aus tralian Farmers' Ce-Operative Union to put himself in nomination. If Mr. Dun can should really carry out hie intention to resign an attempt may be made to get a second Liberal in. It is: settled that Messrs. Warren and Haslam ehalt get tbe support of the National Defence League, while Mr. Willcox, late Mayor of Adelaide, and Mr. Parsons, once Government resident of the Northern Territory, are pretty sure to stand also. In 1894 Mr. Rounsevell, who was 20 years a member of the Assembly, narrowly escaped election, but he will not stand again. Nor is it at all certain that Mr. Howe will consent to come out for the Northern district. There ie some talk of Mr. John Darling, sen., retiring, but I ex pect he will give the farmers another opportunity of electing him. Mr. Addison at any rate ia a certain starter, and if merit is fitly rewarded be will head the poll. You were not surprised to eee the die aster which happened to Mr. Ward in the Council last Thursday. He has been par ticularly rode to tbe President on many oc casions during the present session, and Sir Richard bore with him as a father does with a spoilt child. It is not at all likely that tbe lesson will do Mr. Ward any good. It is a peculiar coincidence that on the same day Mr. McPherson, the Chair man of the Labor Party, having made an interjection, which was deemed offensive, readily, apologised to Mr. John Darling, j on., when requested to do so by the Speaker, whose every word is law in the Assembly. Sjr Jeukin does not interfere with the progress of debate very often, but when he does his directions are always im mediately and cheerfully obeyed. Both the President and the Speaker are thor oughly impartial, but Sir Richard Baker has neither the voice nor the dignity of Sir Jenkin Coles, who is in all respects an ideal Speaker. Except Mr. George Hawker, who ruled the House more than 30 years ago, I -o&ve; seen every Speaker in tbe Chair, and eq I can testify that the present occupant of the position is quite as successful as Sir George Kingston, Sir Robert Ross, or Sir John Bray. Sir Jeukia Coles, too, is al ways most' courteous and obliging to all who need to apply to him for advice or as sistance in respect. to Parliamentary work. A very funny mistake was made in the ' Hansard' report of the proceedings in the Assembly as published in the Advertiser lost Friday. Towards the close of Thurs day afternoon Mr. Price announced his in tention of attempting to shorten the hours of restaurant waitresses. The O'Malley, who cheers everybody, cried ** Hear, hear/' acd Mr. Price said Us did uot want the support of a piebald politician like Mr. O'Malley, In the paper it is printed ' five bob politician.' The latter description is the better of the two, so that the reporter may be forgiven for his mistake. The Treasurer must have made quite a big haul lately out of succession duties. Sir. Gray, of the Reedbeds, Mr. G. S. Fowler, Mr. Charles Drew, and some other wealthy men have died during the last five months, and the last-named gentlemau left £78,20U, of which nearly £8,000 will go into the State exchequer. That is more than enough to cover the amount lost by ruieing the exemption under the iucome tax from £125 to £150. Here begiuneth the last month of the year, and Parliament will have to hurry up if the work on the notice paper is to be cleared off before Christmas. If all the members were like Mr. Cummins and Mr. Miller, of Stanley, or Mr. McLachian, of Wooroora, the business would be orommlv. decorously, and well transacted, but unfor tunately many of our legislators are so anxious to hear themselves talk that no afternoon gets through without a speech or two from them. There is Major Castine, for instance. He is most popular person ally, but as a politician he has latterly been most annoyiag. Like Mr. Aeh, he delights in building stone walls, and he is contin ually wasting time. He is the Whip of the Opposition. The Labor Party has definitely decided that the Hon. A. A, Kirkpatrick shall be their only candidate at the election for the Southern Dietrict of the Legislative Coun cil. They will rnn the Hon. R. S. Guthrie and Mr. Hutchison, who was defeated at East Torrens this year for the Central Di vision. 