Funeral of Sir Henry Parkes. THE PASSING OF A GREAT MAN. The Grand Old Man has rested from his labours and has been laid away in the quaint little cemetery at Faulcon bridge. He has long stood in the front rank of Australian statesmen, and a later generation will do ample justice to his, undoubtedly, great abilities. The vast crowds of sym pathetic people who gathered in the streets to watch the tuneral procession had nought but good to say of the dead. Many a man must have felt a pang of regret for not having been kinder to the oM man while he was still with us. We're a queer lot ! We will sneer at living men, and make life unbearable to them, but as soon as the end comes we forget all the old bitternesses, and we crowd sympa thetically round the bier full of re pentance for the past, and we mean it, too. But we are none the kinder to the living for all that. They buried Sir Henry at Faulcon bridge, on the Blue Mountains, in the very place that had been selected years ago for a home in life and a resting-place in death. Our ' Gossip ' was up there last year, and coming to look over his story now it strikes one pathetically. The place was named after Sir Henry's mother, Martha Faulconbridge Parkes, who died in 1842, and, as ' Gossip ' says, the name of the place ' bears witness to the love of our veteran statesman for the mother who bore him in the old land across the sea.' The old statesman has had grand opportunities to enrich himself, but he died poor, and the good part of his character is manifesting itself even to us who live so close to him. His old home on the Blue Mountains is now a school for boys, and our ' Gossip ' says, ' I went to see the school and the schoolmaster ; instead, I saw the ghost of Sir Henry walking all over the place he had lost, crying out against an ungrateful country. Ah, dear, it makes one philosophise to look on the house that the old man glorified as a resting-place for his de clining years and see how it has all ended ! It seems as though he, too, might sing with the Hindoo of old — ? Me, too, this lure hath cheated ; so it seemed Lovely to live, and life a sunlit stream For ever flowing in a changeless peace, Whereas the foolish ripple of the flood Dances so lightly down by bloom and lawn Only to pour its crystal quicklies Into the foul salt sea.' ' Ah, well, the old man has made a good tight, and has left a great name. R.I.P. 