Tobacco Dust for Insects A reader asks me, says T. Greiner. whether tobacco dust should be applied to vines when they are wet with dew or when they are dry. This moves me to say that the tobacco dust, or the bone meal, or the mixture of both, is not in tended as a coating for the leaves, which would make them poisonous or un palatable, but as a covering for the soil, that will make the atmosphere very un comfortable for all insects and worms. I like to have the material remain dry and dusty as long as possible. In that case it has a more thorough effect on bugs and beetles that have hard shells. The wet tobacco, or tobacco tea, or even the fames of wet tobacco, are very unwholesome to the soft-bodied insects, worms, etc. I find that the cucumber beetles do not like to work in dust, and least of all in tobacco dust. When I put this latter inch deep round melon or cucumber plants, the yellow-striped beetle promptly takes its departure and will stay away as long as the tobacco remains dusty, or as long as it gives off a strong tobacco smell. Let me repeat, too, that this same waste material is one of our best and cheapest general insecticides. We can use it both under glass and in open air. By all mcaers keep a good supply of It on hand. Possibly you can get sweep ings- troma-n?ar cigar factory, or enu may buy the material by the barrel at $2.50 to$3. It will last you for years and help you to keep the premises clear of the various pests that prey upon crops and animals. If you scatter tobacco dust by hand or with bellows over your rows of peas. Just at nightfall, you can kill the slugs that are so often eating all the lower foliage off and greatly damage the crop. Or if you dust it in the same way over your currant and gooseberry bushes, when infested with worms, you will quickly see the worms disappear. In the same way you can quickly kill all the leaf-eating worms and slugs on your trees and bushesseverywhere. The tent caterpillar and the fall web-worm, and all other caterpillars on trees and plants give up the ghost within a few minutes after coming into contact with tobacco dust. And besides all this, tobacco dust is worth about what it costs as a fertiliser. We can also control, in a mea sure at least, the most unmanageable pests of our gardens, namely, the flea beetle and the cabbage maggot. But in order to make thorough work, in ridding the plants of these pests, we have to be very liberal in the use of the tobacco dust. For instance, if we'throw a good big handful into the heart of the cabbage plant, or cauliflower plant, or on a choice seedling potato, we may be quite sure that the flea beetles will leave, for a time at least, and if we apply the same quantity to the stem of a cabbage or cauliflower plant, we may be sure the maggots will' not flourish there for a while. 