WEREJBES NOTES. (By Bosco.) A SUCCESSFUL TRIAL OF JNKW I LOOGHS. Your after year farmers are awakening to the fact more anil more that in order to make farming pay tlio one very essential point is to economise. It cannot be said that farmers as a body are addicted to extravagance, their system of economy, however, as practised in years gone by, was certainly pertaining to that which closely resembled jextravaganco. Prejudice, prob ably was the root of it and unfortunately for them that disastrous cause has now been wiped away by tko improved farmer of the present day. As an instance of their old economy, the old lumborous single furrow plough was kept in existence many years against the double furrow plough. The former was worked by two horses and the latter, doing as much work again as the single furrow, was also worked with two horses, or, where the grouud was heavy, three would be employed, thus saviug the use aud keep of one and sometimos two horses in doiug the same quantity of ground in the same time. The heavy draught of ploughs has always beeu au expensive item for the farmer. As each new plough came into existence with added furrows aud latest improvements, it was always aooom panied by that disastrous fault—unnecessary dead weight. After many years this fault is at last remedied by at least one firm, who evidently have the interest of the farmers in hand and who are desorviug of the patron age of the farmers in return. The firm referred to is Messrs T. Robmson aud Co., of Spottiswoode, and they have now turned out a new three and four furrow plough, the principle feature of the make being that which has been long sought after by farmers but never found till now, viz., lightness of draught. To exhibit the excellent points in these ploughs, a trial was given ou the farm of Mr A. Beamish on Wednesday. The improvements in Lhe three furrow is chiefly the lightness of draught and the greater facilities of management for the ploughman. The draught is an entirely new design of a spring steel frame, combining lightness, strength and rigidity. This plough is supplied with a seat for the driver, from which all regulating leavers are tvorked. The mouldboards are of special Bhapo and set to prevent clogging or choking, and the system of leavers for regulating the furrows is uew ami convenient. Altogether tho plough is very complete and neat. The four furrow was put to the test first at “ opening out,” and, in the hands of Mr A. Hastics, ploughman, executed the work very well. For a time four horses were used iu the team, but it was found that this strength was not necessary and the team was then reduced to three horses, which was quite ample. The makers intended tho trial to bo a private one, but a number of leading farmers put iu an appearance to witness the work of j tho new implements. They all expressed their high appreciation of the ploughs, and were especially pleased with the lightness of draught iu each plough. Mr Moore, manager of works, and Mr Lovoday were present to conduct the trials. The teams were kindly lent by Mr Adam ilastic. Our Neglected Cemetery.—Tho trustees of the Werribee Cemetery are certainly not deserving of much praise for the manner iu which they carry out the duties entrusted to them iu accordance with the office they occupy. Numerous complaints have been made from time to time of the nuisances hat are allowed to exist within tho cemotery grouuds. There is a half-tumbled dowu house inside the gates, which for years has been the loitering place by day and tho sleeping abode by night of all tho tramps and sundowners who find their way into the district. Auothcr class of men, who, owing to the number of years they have made use of the house at intervals, consider they have an established claim to use it when required, is the stonebreakers of the shire. These men arc often to bo seen there in a state of helpless drunkenness and surrounded with empty beer bottles and full stomachs.' Tho. ordinary tramp seems to have a particle of decency about him when he linds his way into tho cottage in the graveyard in a3 much that he is sober, hut being a class of man who does not pay much attention to bis toilet, he generally unships a load of vermin iu the place. At uights they relate ghost stories to each other, whilst sittiug over "a fire made from tho adjacent fences which they continually destroy for the purpose. The paths arc uukept and many of the graves being completely covered by weeds and grass. Rabbits have burrowed down among the bones of our late esteemed friends and relatives and in summer snakes are so numerous that it is at tho risk of beiug bitten half a dozen times that any person walks through the cemetery. All this goes to show how cur cemotery is neglected by those iu whoso hands the care of it is •entrusted. Further evidence of neglect was exhibited on Saturday last ,.t the funeral of Mrs Dtirric, when owing to the key of the entrance gate beiug broken in tho lock and there being no means at hand to remedy the matter, the coffin had to be hoisted over the fence, and thus enter the cemetery to its last resting place in a very unusual manner. Naturally the relations of the deceased were very much annoyed and disgusted at what took place. If there is no money in hand to properly maintain tho cemetery, then let those in charge go around to the people of the district with a subscription list, and they will surely be able to get sufficient to enable them to make the necessary immediate improvements. Afterwards they might either dispose of the house or put it in a 1 state of repair that would enable some person to live iu it, who in return might act as caretaker to our uow much-neglected cemetery. Election Affairs.—The final selection of candidates appears to be now made for the forthcoming elections. The seat in the South will be the cause for the greatest battle of tho day between Councillor Wall and Mr J. Beamish. The East will be con tested by Mr Palmer and Mr A. Leake. For the local position of auditor, Mr Schulze will be opposed by Mr J. Maher, who has been promised very strong support on Werribee and Little River. Mr Maher is an old resident of the district, and carries tho high esteem of all classes. He is a very capable person to fulfil the position, anil should he be returned he will carry out his duties iu au accurate aud satisfactory manner. Mr Stcvonsoii, auetioucer, of Melbourne, has put a bailin' iu on a man named Feely for rent owing on a place known as Clark’s paddock un the plaius. A number of persons who had horses aud cattle grazing on the place and paid their dues regularly to Ileely, were much surprised when their stock was seized last week by tho bailiff, who would ouly release them on payment of the sum of £2 10s per head. The parties inter ested are much annoyed, and they intend making further enquiries in the matter. A burglar entered the house of Mr Fitchett of Little River on Wednesday night. Mrs Fitchett, who was home alone, heard the intruder trying to enter her bedroom. As a ruse to frightcu the man. she called out to bring a guu. He immediately made a bolt for the door. Seuior-couslablo Mc Kenzie was made aware of the facts of the ease on Thursday, but up to the time of writiug no traces of the culprit could be discovered. A benefit entertainment will be tendered to Mr Harry Williams in the Mechanics’ Hall on Saturday evening, August 1st. An excellent programme has been compiled for the occasion. Air Williams has for the last 15 years assisted tho numerous entertain ments with which he has been connected as. enjoyable for the people as it is hoped the entertainment for his benefit will be largely patronised. Wekkijjee Sfaurow Cluil—The inagural meeting of the Werrlbeo Sparrow Club was hold on the Wyndham racecourse on Satur day, the weather was fine, and there was a large attendance, fivo sweepstakes were shot oil during tho afternoon, the entry for each being fairly good. The first match was won by E. Ison with five birds ; the second and third were divided between Rowan, Lyons and E Ison with five birds each. Tho fourth match was also a divide—A. J. McDonald and J. Ison with eight birds each. Tho fifth sweepstake was won by A. J. McDonald, with E. How runner-up. In the evening a meeting of members of the club was held at Dixon’s Raee-eourse Hotel, when a comitteo was elected consisting of A. J. McDonald, W. Isou, T. Hastie and J. Ball; president, Capt Chiruside ; treasurer, J. Beamish ; secretary, H. Williams ; haudi cappors. J. Ball aud H. Williams. The funeral of Mrs Annie Durrie, aunt of Mr3 E Armstrong, took place on Saturday afternoon, when a number of friends paid their respects to the memory of deceased by following her remains to their last resting, place iu the Werribee Cemetry. 