JOHNSTONE RJVER NOTES. I At last we arc getting: a spell of fine weather, and tbe cane is ' evidently feeling tbe benefit of it, as it is nwfclng great progress. Sundown^ and Goondi, have the best average crop, that has been seen on the river for years, but Mundoo, I am sony to Of, will cnt but "a poor, all round crop.: The stubs are again playing havoc with tbe sugar cane, at Mundoo, and I am sorry to say Monriljun Plan tation, Is also suffering from the same cause. Last year plantation was nearly eaten out, and the manager, Mr. Koblnson has been- at considerable expense this year ploughing out and replanting. The farmers 3iere have a tough fight before them, before they ^et the better of tbe grab, and I am afraid a good number of them (the far mem), will fro under in tbe struggle. No doubt killing so many thousands of beetles every year, will eventually lessen the pest,, and also the greater area, of ground being brought under tbe plough, ntidi enables the farmer to pickup, and destroy a great number of grubs, but still while there are hun dreds of acres or standing scrub, to act as a breeding ground for them, the number .destroyed is comparatively very small. And while this slow pro cess, is going on, the small farmer is being ruined. It seems strange that tbe government with their highly paid experts, and ev eiy requirement at their domtmand cannot find a remedy. It Is jnot as though this curse to the sugar planters was only in isolated districts, or that they were here for a year or two irad then died out, but the grub is to be found all over the colonv. aiid vear nf ter yenr, they destroy thousands of pounds urotth of cane. Tbe greatest boom Dm government could bestow on the planters, would be to find-a cure for the dreaded "grub." i All tbc world knows bynow that Mr. Cowley 1B duly elected oar member for the next three years, lint the "la bour party" swear thai should'1 he ac cept office, and have to face tbe elec tors again, they will put their man up again. Although Mr. BrownJlei hadn't the ghost of a. chance, I am eon?* there was no contest, as it would ha ve shown the relative strength of the two parties. Some say that the mistake was made Intentionally, to save 4bem from a iruphlng defeat, but I hardly believe thnU. aB ilie labour member would ?lave, no doubt, got a fair percentage of votes, at any rate as far as this dis trict was concemed We are already reaping the benefit if the new regulations, making "walk <rbout" Kanakas take billets or return io their islands. Their pay has drop ped from £2G a year to £1C, and instead ->f having to ran after a Kanaka, and :>eg him to come and work for yon, the AanaiHi now comes round to the vari ous farms, and solicits work. TJiai one i regulation alobe has saved eiigar: £ar- . mas,bnntlpeftjagminfie. .> ? w 