BRA YBROOK SHIRE COUNCIL. THE ordinary meeting of this council was held at the Shire': Hall, Deer 'Prk on Wednesday. Present Crs Barnett, (President), Christie, Evans, Howatson, Mullenger, Opie, Warr, Hopkins, and \- CORRESPONDENCE. From Michael O'Connor, asking that a road running through Gidney's paddock, parish of Maribyrnong, should be thrown open as he desired access to water. Cr. Opie remarked that he had been 35 years in the district and did not know that the road referred to existed. He suggested that swing gates might meet the matter. Cr. Minns' thought the parties might make arrangements as he thought they should not open the road if it could be avoided unless the general public desired it. On the motion of Cr. Mullenger, seconded by Cr. Warr, it was decided to instruct the secretary to write to Mr Gidney asking him to remove the obstruction. From G. Crichton, Deer Park, asking council to plant trees along the road. Dealt with under general distribuition of trees. \- From Public Health Department, stat ing that noxious trade licenses could be transferred.' Cr. Warr contended 'that they should not be transferred without the payment of a fee. It was agreed on the motion of Cr. Mullenger, seconded by Cr. Minns, to write to council's solicitors (Westley and Dale) to obtain' opinion as to whether in Additional fee ahould.be charged on trans. '~?ers of:licenises. ' . From Board of Public Health with reference to the deposit of offal, etc., and the covering of the same, stating that they could not see any reasons for varying the by- law.-Received. From same department, stating that the provisions of the 223 Section of the Public Health Act had by order of Governor in Council been applied to the Shire of Braybrook by which an equal fee not exceeding' £5 could be exacted for slaughter-houses and noxious trades. From J. R. Thompson, solicitor, on be half :of Messrs. M'Lellan Bros. and H. Scotney, contractors for removal of houses, protesting against alterations to the Maribyrnong bridge, 'which would have a the effect of preventing them from using S the bridge in pursuing their business in removing houses. If the council persisted i in the proposed alteration to the bridge, k they proposed to. apply to the Supreme Court for an injunction. - Cr. Warr characterised the letter as the height of impudence. Since the last r meeting £10. worth of damage had been done to the bridge by house-shifters. As a much as 15 tons had been taken over in t one load, including horses, and there was a by-law in force prohibiting more than a .five tons being taken over at once. He ai thought that action should be taken at e once 'to prevent the destruction of the bridge. Cr. Mullenger remarked unless some thing was done it would cost a lot of a' money to restore the bridge. - it The secretary said that the Essendon and Keilor Councils had been asked to la co-operate, and had referred the matter to g, their Public Works Committee. Cr. Op'e moved, 'and Cr. Mullenger ai seconded, that an archway be placed over as the Braybrook side of the bridge, at a it cost not exceeding £10.-Carried. t From George Campbell, anuindigent S ratepayer, asking for remission of rates.- Rates to be remitted on motion of Cr. w Opie, seconded by Cr. Mullenger. st From Secretary' of Essendon Town tj Council, intimating that a conference ' re ' the proposed removal of the Maribynong qi Power Magazine would be held on 14th pm May. The President and Cr. Mulllenger nr were appointed delegates to attend the cbnference. "'' i fr. WFrosi c Shire- ofMelton,;tating tha th 'teps were.being. taken' to destroy.: the m burro.'' Si Cr. Opie said that sincei the issue of th notices the pest was as bad as ever. The Inspector was paid' £5 to deliver the ac notices out. who was to see that the work to was done. h.o " ha S--A long discusson ensued, and it was de- cc cided on the motion of Cr Minnis to insert a notice in the local papers requiring se owners or occupiers to eradicate the burrs or within ten days of notice, or proceedings th to be taken. CO It was further resolved on the motion of to Cr. Christie, seconded by Cr. Minns, that the Inspector be authorised to take proceedings on expiry of notice. th From inm. Greenham, complaining of is drain.-Referred to Clerk of Works. From Wm. Greig and others, asking to council to impound wandering sheep cl under Sees. 408-9. ' TI The same writer drew attention to en- O croachment of fences on roads in the 17 and 18 Secs, East'Riding. Cr Mullenger ve remarked that the complaint was justi- th fied.-The letter was received and held over for new council.' v There was still another letter from W. ,W Greig, warning coun'cillors that they were vi liable to penalties for negligently carrying be out provisions of Health5Act. No action. St A long letter addressed to Mr. Babb, "Inspector of Nuisances," was received D from Mr J. W. Thompson on the eradi- of cation of burrs in which the officer addressed was advised as to the course he it should pursue. The unneighbourly con duct of the Footacray Council was referred to, and Mr Babb was finally enjoined. "'Do not take wages 'for not doing your bh authorised duty, for honest hearted sincer- ar ity in work, constitutes true honesty and se manliness. The opposite official course "how not to do it "is seeming make be- p lieve hypocrisy, moral cowardice, all sins against the " Holy Ghost," and agiinst ? natural and local (interests, against your own manly development and constitute daily dishonour and nightly self reproach. c Moral cowardice is the curse of the world, and the real devils' and tormentors of sham mankind, such:is the opinion and Sexperience of Jas. W: Thompson, taxpayer tl to your Shire. . ' ' Thre, teid?a.:ers' were received fo: 24 "chinise:f"?iietalled Soriitriaictiosi South- h road. .That of Edward Featheratone, at C £58 was accepted.:, Four tenders were received for lighting 25 lamps for six months withiri the Shire. Jas. Serisant, at L3210s was the success ful.tenderer. • A tender was received for leasing land in Maribynong Park. The secretary stated that the rates had been piaid on the area in question on the previous Saturday night,' and it was decided to return the deposit. '". O . . IIAlN?CE BEPORT. The treasurer reported as follows:- Receipts for April .., r47 54 4 Cash in Bank ..... 16 I.7 i Cash in hand .20 . .. o o 0 From Treasury (subsidy) ... 234 14 0o 1 .:,.. 457 54 5 ABconts, wagm, etc ... .., 162 6 5 Credit balance .. ... £254 18 o The report wasadopteda nd the acounts I ect.; were passed for payment. ' ' -: O + E COLLECTO a's" EPOT. The collector reported the arrears of current rates as L900 7s 6d and arrears of Sold rates at L1260 3S 4d. The Dog Tax collected amounted to L9 5s.-Report adopted. SANITARY INSPECTOR'S REPORT. The Inspector made his customary re portof sl~pughterhouses etc. He cautioned ' people to-bury sheep, etc., which was attedded to. During Aprilhe condemned 14 sheep and three cattle as unfit for . human consumption.-Report adopted. CLERK OF WORKS REPORT. Ed. Toohey is making good progress eith his contract. O. A. Newman's con, tract for spalls has been completed, and they are nearly'all broken. Tenders should be called for 200 cubic yards spalls Geelong road, and 200 cubic yards Ballarat road.. The time has arrived for tree planting. It would take about'50 to fill up gaps. The cost of trees would be about L2 10s. On land proposed' to be leased, rates amounting to the following have been paid, Maribynong Park, L152 1s.; land,; Section 19, L3 12s. Report 'received and the following ordered, tenders for spalls to be called for metal. 50 trees in each riding' to be planted, and tenders to be called for tree guards. ORDINARY BUsINESS After some discussions it -was decided to give Mr B'urnside 24 hours notice to remove pump from Kororoit Creek, other wise legal proceedings would be taken. It was' suggested that Cr. Minns -should interview Mr. Burnaide'to prevent litiga tion if possible. It was agreed on the motion of Cr Mullenger should bring oup specifications etc., at next meeting for a mile of asphalt footpath' in the direction of Braybrook Junction Station, " via " Cornwall-road. Agreed that . Messrs. Hancock and Staughton, M.L.A., should be invited to accompany a deputation to wait on Rail. way Department with reference to furnish ing shelter at Braybrook Junction. Decided that dayman for South Riding should also look after Geelong-road section within the Shire. New portion of road at Mount Cottrell to be rolled. Cr Mullenger gave notice for appointing new valuer at a remuneration not exceed- 1 ing L5. "r Barnett gave notice that the license fee for noxious trades be fxed at Li. j 