1aovedhst. The Mystery of the Inn: on, THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN CHAMEER. A STORY OF TREACHERY, CRIME, AND REMORSE. CHAPTER XVI.-CoTI?n.?.I " Y'oi must have a story to tell," he now said, turning towards me, with the firt look of natural umnan curiosity which I had seen in his face since J sutme. SYon." said I. " I hav : but it will nnt serve to lersen your horror; it will only add to it." " Nothing can add to it," was his low reply. "And yet, 1 thank for for the warnmin." Encouraged by liis manner, which had become strangely self- pessessed, 1 innme diately beg-n, and told him of the visit of this bridal party at yourinn ; then as I saw that he had judged himself correctly, Sand tha' iie was duly prepared for all I could reveal, I add.d first your suspicions and then a full sccuunt of our fatal dis covery in the secret chamber. He bore it like a man upon whoin emo tion had spent all ita force; only, when I had finished, lie gave one groan, and then, as if he feartl i would mistake the meaning of this evidence of suffering, he made haste to exclaim: " Poor Honora ! My heart owes ier nue cry of pity, one tear of grief. I shall never weep for anyone else ; thoiugh, if I could, it would be for myself aisd thl wasted years with which I have mocked God's providence." Relieved to find him in this mood, I rose and shook his hand cordially. "You will come back to Albany with me T I entreated. "We have need of you, and this spot will never be a home to you again." "Never :" "The echo was unexpected, but wel come. I led the way out of the cave. " See ! it is late," I urged. He shook his head and cast one pro longed look around him. " What do I not leave behind me here 1 Love, grief, dreams. And to what do I go forward ? Can you tell me ? Has the future in it anything for a man like :me " " It has venge.-nce." He gave a short cry. " In which she is involved. Talk to me not of that! And yet," le presently added, " wlhat it is my duty to do I shall do. It is all that is left to me now. But 1 would do nothing for vengeance. That would be to make a slavo of myself again." I had no answer for this, and therefore gave none. Instead I shouted to my guide, and after receiving from him such rrefreshments as my weary condition de manded, I gave notice that I was ready to descend, and asked the recluse if he was ready to accomainpy me. He signified an instant acquiescence, and before the sun had quite tinished its course in the west, we found ourselves at the foot of the mountains. As civilisa tion broke upon us Mr. Felt drew himself up, and began to question me about the changes which the Revolution had made in our noble country. I will not weary you, my dear Mrs. Truax, with the formalities which fol lowed upon our return to Albany. I will merely add that yon may expect a duly authorised person to come to you pre sently for such testimony in this matter as it may be in your power to give; after which a suitable person will proceed to France with such papers as may lead to the delivering up of these guilty persons to the United States authorities; in which -wsss juolu a m5tfo'ow8,and-yoar-na- swill be avenged for the most hideous crime which has ever been perpetrated within our borders. SMost respectfully, " -. A.- T - -ATmo-TAtMWOuBTHr PART III REltBUTION. CHAPTER XVII. TISSGOE GUE.t-~o SePrmsEn 29, 1791. Two excitements to day. First, the jppearance at my doors of the person of whose coming I was adrised by Mr. £amwcrth. He came in his own car riage, and is a meagre, hatchet-faced lean, whose eye makes me restless, but hasanot succeeded in making me lose my elt-possession. Hestayed three holrs, all of which he made me spend with him in the oak parlor, and when he had finished with me and got my signature to as long and complicated alfidavit, I felt that I would rather sell the house and dee the place than go through such 'another experience. Happily it is likely 'o be a long time before I shall be called anon to do so. A voyage to France and back is no light matter; and what with somplications and delays, a year or more is likely to elaapse before the subject need be opened againin my hearing. I thank God for this, For not only shall I thus jaro the opportunity of regainitg moy equan?mity,hhich has been sorely shaken by those late events, but I shall have the chance of adding a little more money to my store, against the time when scandal will be busy with this spot, and public re probation ruin its excellent character and custom. The oak parlor i have shut and locked. It will not be soon entered again by me. The other excitement to which I re ferred was the coming of two now guests from Noew York, elegant ladies, whose ap p~ranuce and manners quite overpowered me in the few minutes of coniversation I ,*t4 with them when they first entered ,ny house. "Good gracious I what is that I thought I felt something brush my sleeve. Yet there is no one near me, and nothing astir in the room I And why should such a stdden-viaion-of-the-old oak parlor riseo before my eyesl And why, if I must see it, should it be the room as it looked to me on that night when the two UTnluharts eat within it, and not the room as I saw it to-day I Positively I must throw away the key of that room; its very presence in my desk mnakes me the victim of vilons. Oc'omnLR 6,i701. Why is it that we promise ourselves certain things, even awear. that we will perform such and such acts, and yet n:vor keep our promises or hold to our oaths Sixteen years-ago I expressed a determination to icfix the oak parlor and make it look more attractive to the eye; I never did it. A year since I declared ;n language as strong as I knew how to employ, not that I would refit the oak parlor, but that I would tear it from the house, even at the cost of demolishing tlhe whole structure. And now, only a week since, I pro. mised myself. as my diary will testify, that I would throw away the key of this place, if only to rid myself of unpleasant reminders. But the key is still with me, and the room intact. 1 have neither the pow-cr nor the inclination to touch it. Theghostof thewoman whoperished there restrains me. Why ? Because we are not done with that room. The end of its ntory is not yet. This I feel ; and I feel nomething further: I feel that it will be entered soon, and that the person who is to enter itis already in my house. I have spoken of two ladies-eGod knows with but little realisation of the fatal interest they would soon possess for me. They came without servants some four days ago, and saying they wished to remain for a short time in this beautiful spo.t, at once accepted the cheerful south room which I reserve for such guests as these. As they are very handsome and distinguished looking, I feel highly grati. fied at their patronage, and was settling down to a state of complacency over the prospect of a profitable week, when sonmething, I cannot tell what, roused in me a spirit of suspicion, and I began tc notice that the elder lady was of a very uneasy disposition, exhibiting a prone. ness to wander about the Thouse and glide tlirou:h its passages, especially those on th.i ground floor, which at firls made me question her sanity, and ther led me to wonder if through Eomoe meant unknown to me she had not received a hint na tP oar secret clhamo'r T wrclh bat canast yet make out. '?Meanwhile a description of these women may not come umiss. They are both beautiful, the younger especially. When I first saw them seated in myhumnble parlor, I thought them the wife and daughter of one of our great generals, they looked so handsome and carried themselves so proudly. Bit I was prcsectlv undeceivrcd, for the name they gave me was a foreign one, which my English tongue finds it very hard even pet to pronounuce. Itia written Letcllier, with a simple Madame before it for the mother and Blademehello for the daoughter, but how to speak it-well, that is a asmall matter. I do spe-ak it, and they never smile, though the daughter's eye lightls up at times with a spark of what I should call mirth, if her lips were not so grave and her brow so troubled. Yes, troubled is the word, though she is so yonlg. I find it dillcult to regard her in any other light thanri that of a child. Though ahe endeavors to appear indif ferent and has a way of carrying lherself that is almost noble, thlere is certainly grief in her eye and care on her brow. I see it when she is alone, or rather before she becomes aware of another's preseince; I see it whlen aie is with her mnother; but when strangers come in or she asnembsles with Iho rest of the household in the narlor or at the table, then it vanishes. as.d a sweet charm comes that reminds m ut this is fully, sheer folly. How could she look like Mrs. Urquhart 1 Ima gination carries me too far. Equal inuo cence aid a like gentle temper have pro duced. a like result in sweetening the exrpression. That is all, and yet I remem ber the one woman when I look at the other, and shudder; for the womlan who calls this child daughter has her eye on the oak parlor, and may meditate evil must, if she knows its secret and yet wishes to enter it. But my imagination is carrying me too far again. This woman, whatever hlier faults, loves her daughter, and where love is there cannot be danger. Yet I shudder. MadameLetellier merits thie description of an abler pen than mine. I like her, and I hate hler.. I admire her, and I fear her. I obey her, and yet hold myself in readiness for rebellion, if only to prove to-nompaltthatJI_ will be strong when the time comes; that no influence, however exerted, or however hidden under win ning smiles or quietly controlling glances, shall have power to move me from what I may consider my duty, or from the ex ercise ofauch vigilnlce as my secret fears seelm to demand. I hate her; let me re member that. And I distrust her. She is here for evil, and her eye is on the oak parlor. Though it is locked and the key hidden on my person, she will find means to possess herself of that key and open that door. How? We will see. Mean time all this is not a description of Madame Letellier. She is finely formed; ste is graceful; she is youthful. She dresses with a taste that must always manke her conspicuous wherever she may be. You could not enter a room in which she was without seeing her, for her glance has a strange power that irresistibly draws your glance to it,~ hough her eyes are iambeilt rather than brilliant, and if large, rarely opened to their full extent. lier complexion is dark; that is, in comlparison with her daughter's, which is of a naarble- like purity. But it has strange flushles in it, and at times seems almost rosparklelo. Hier hair is brown, and worn high, with a great coimb in it, setting offt the contour i of her face, which is ahnost perfect. - But it is in the expression of her mouth that her fascination lies. Without sweetness, except whenm it :amiles upon her daughter, without mirth, without any expression speaking of goodwill or tenderoess, there is yet a turn to the lips that movcrnjhe. gazoer peculiarly, making it dange. ~ .o watchl her long unless you are hardened by doubts, as I am. Her hands are exqulisite, and her form is beauty itself. The daughter is statuesque; not in the sense of coldness or imnobility, but in tile regularity of her features and the absence of any coloring ii her cheeks. She is lovely, and there breathes thlrotglh every trait a gentle soul that robs my ed. miration of all awe and imakes my old and empty heart long to serve lher. Her eyes are gray aid lher hair a reddish brown, with kinlks and surls in it like But, pshawl I there comes that dream: again I Was Honora Urquhart's hair so very unique that a head of ravy bros:n hair should bring her up nso startlingly to my mind. They are stopping here on their way to Albany-so the elder lady says. They catliieTrtmh%?wkbork. So they did but if my intuitions are not greatly at fault, the place they started from was France. The fact that the marks and labels have all been effaced from their baggageo in suspicious in itself. Can they be friends of the two miserable wretches who dia. honored my house with a ghastly crime ? Is it from them that madame's know ledge comes, if she has any knowledge? The thought- awakens- my-profoundrnt distrust.' WVould.that Mr. Tamworth were within reach I I think I will write him. But what could I write that would not look foolish on paper p I had better wait a while till I see something, or hear something, more definite. CHAPTER XVIII. OBI. TRUAX TALKS. OCOBuR 7, 1791. This morning I was exceediagly startled by one of my guests suddenly asking me before several of the others, if my inn had a ghost. "A ghost I" I cried, for the moment quite aghast. "Yes," was thle reply; "it has the look of a house which could boast of such a luxury. Don't you think so, Mr. West. gate l" This to a newcomer who had just been introduced. "Well,"' observed the latter, "as I have seen only this room, and as this room is anything but ghostlike at the pro sent moment, I hardly consider mysell competent to judge. "But the exterior! Surely you noticed the exterior. Such a rambling old struc ture; such a beetling top to it, as if it had settled down hero to brood over a mysterious past. I never see it, especi. ally at twilight, that I don't wonder whatl lies so heavily upon its conscienllce. Is it acrime ? Thiere would be nothing strange about it if it was. Such old houses rarely have a clean past." "It was nonchlalantly said, but it snnk deep into my heart. Not that I felt thai he had any motive in saying it-I knew the young scapegrace too well-but that I was conscious from his first word ol two eyes burning on my face, whicl robbed me of all self-possersion, tlhoUtgh I think I sat wtithout movement, and only paled the slightest in tihe world. "A house that dates back to a time rwhen the white men and the red fought evern inch of territory on which it stands would be an anomaly if it did not have some drops of blood upon it," I ventured to'aay, as soon as I could command my emotions. "True," broke in a low, slow voice that of Mndame Letellier. "Do you know of any especial tragedy that makes the house memorable." I turned and gave her a look before re plying. "She was seated in the shadows of a remote corner, and had so withdrawn herself behind her daughter that I could see nothling of her face. But her hands were visible, and from tile force with which shelo held them clasped in her lap I perceived that the suhject we were dis cuasing'possessed a gresiter intereast for her titan anyone else in the room. "She has heard something of the tragedy con nected with this house," was'my in ward comment, as I prepared to answer her. "Thero is one," I began, and paused. Something of the instinct of the cat with the mouse had entered into me. I felt like playing with hIersuspense, cruiel asit may seim. "Oh, tell usl" broke In the daughter, a sudden flush of interest suffusing for a moment her white cheek. "Tilat is, if itis nottoo hIorrible. I never liked hor rible stories; they frighten me. And as for a ghost-if I thought you kept such a meneature about your house, I sIould leave it at once." "We have no ghosts," I answered, with a gravity that struck even myself unpleasantly, it was in such contrast to hermellow and playful tones. "Ghosts are commonplace. We coulonnance no thing commonplace here." "Good !" broke in a voice from the crowd of young men. "The house is above such follies. It must have some wonderful secret, then. What is it, Mrs. Truax? Do you own a banshee l Have you a-" "Mamma, you hb'rt me I" The cry was involuntarily. MI;dsme had caught her daughter by the hand and was probably unaware what passion she had put into her clasp. Madelnoi selle Letellier blushed again at the sound of her own voice, and prayed her mother's pardon with the mnost engaging of smiles. As she did so, I caught a !limp?C of- that mothersfaceJLwas white as death. "Decidedly, she kn?ows-moroahausho ought to," thought I. "And yet she wants to know more. Why'" "The Ilappy-Go-L.ucky Inn," I ob served, as soon as the flutter caused by this incident had subsided, " is no mere haulnted by a banshee than by a ghost. But that is not saying it should not be. It is old enough ; it is respectable enough; it has traditions enough. I could tell you tales of its owners, and in cidents connected with the coming and going of the innumserable guests who have frequented it both before and dur ing the Revolution, that would keep you here till morning. But the one story I will tell you must suflice. We should lose our character of mystery if I told you all. Besides, how could I tell all I Who cnild everTelsthecomplete storfof such a house as this?" - "Hear I hear l" cried another young man. "Years ago--" I stopped again, wickedly stopped. "Madame, will you not come forward where it is lighter I" She rose deliberately and came for ward, tall, mute and commandin'. She sat down in the light; she looked me in the face; she robbed me even of my I doubts. I felt my heart turn over in my breast and wondered. " (Th o jijii~cufd.) 4 