THE WISE WORLD, I obsstvc that som* external critics were anxious to know what Bills I should explain to you on the present occasion (said Lord Salisbury in - a. speech at Brighton). I am afraid I must refer to a very ancient story, viz., the story of King Henry IV. When he asked a Mayor for the keys, the Mayor said he had eighteen reasons for not giving them; the first was that he had got no keys, upon which the King said he might dispense with the other seven ten reasons. That is precisely my con dition; I have got no- bills. It is very early in the season; we are engaged in the manufacture; I have not seen even, the raw article yet—(laughter)—and you. know that the finished- product often differs considerably from1 the raw article.* (Hear, hear.) Therefore, I should be excedi’ngly rash if I attempted to pos sess you with any Bills. Sir Michael fftcks-BeacI*,- d&a; Chan-** cellor of the Exchequer, has- announc ed (says oni' Load on correspondent) that it is not til's Intention jsi tax on cycles iti Ms next tiudsuT.. Many minds have been relieved by tie an nouncement, a nth the supporter)' of the Government also breathe more freely, as nothing would' bidttg them iuiio' more unpleasant relations' wit.li the great bulk of their constfttwnts than &[ Vote cast in tavor of a eyefe- tax. If Robert Towns proposetl a. tax on matches ~uS eient to kill one Government, it is'-nck; difficult to prophesy t&s; fate of tlii? Ministry that would alic-sate and staff into opposition the gfeat army of cy elists. And yet there'are two classes of cyclists who might'be very legiti mately subjected to tfrxatson. The;*' are the reckless street-scovchers and’ the advertising pedallistsf; The fonnert are not unknown at the- Antipodes, but! I am not quite sure that tiicy-slists with: soap and pill advertisements' between. tlieir wheels have so- faf uride their appearance in the streets offMMbourae. What has become of BoniUr.'-ilke erst wliile champion Australian slogger, and the only colonial who has sd'ffar suc ceeded in smashing the clocl-Vat;Lords ? The memory of the big Victorian liitter was revived (says our London- eorres pondent) on Saturday evening at; a din ner of the Johnson Club iii” Fleet street. Mr Augustine Kirrell'. Q.C., M.P., told a very amusing anecdote. He said that Bonnor, when in London, once attended the annual dinnertaf the Johnson Club, but he had not the ghost of an idea who Dr. Johnson was; and he confidentially assured Mr Birred that the vast majority of Australians shared his ignorance in the matter—a statement that is certainly not strict gospel. However, when the dinner Was over and the big hitter had absorbed all the speeches in favor of the great lexicographer, he rose, and assured 'the company that if he had uot been George Bonnor,. the Australian cricket er, ihe would like to have been k>r. Samuel Johnson. Now, what does Bonnor say to this little- fairy tale ? The fidelity with which the British captain sticks to his ship m the bout of peril, and' never thinks of his own safety until everybody else is out oC danger has become almost as familiar: as a proverb, and it is ve-ry rare in deed (says our London correspondent) f that a' British skipper is guilty of con duct the very reverse of this. But a shocking case of a cowardly aud .trai torous captain has been before the courts this week. The vessel'. Why Not was found to be on fire off the coast of France, and Captain Wilkinson, in stead of heroically sticking to his post, jumped into the only available boat and, together with the- mate and sev eral sailors,, pulled away leaving the unfortunate passengers to their fate. They somehow luckily managed to keep the flames under, aud navigate the ship into a neighboring port. The chic ken- hearted captain, a disgrace to his profession, lias been sentenced: to six months’ imprisonment, which ia cer tainly a very light, punishment under the circumstances.. The mute got off with two months. In connection with the last Hospital Sunday in London, the “Lancet” pub lished some valuable statistics concern ing the Metropolitan Hospitals. From these it appeared that the number of patients admitted into all the London, general hospitals during the previous year was 52,080, of whom Iff,474 were relieved. 2S,32(i were cured, and 449G died. Tlhe average death rate was-3.6 pei- cent. An interesting fact men tioned was, that the Hospital* which showed ithe highest percentage of cures, and the lowest percentage of deaths was flic London Temperance -Hospital, which deals -with -all kinds of diseases, accidents, and surgical eases, and where 'alcohol is used at all only as- a drug in its pure form. The death rate iu this institution was only 5.G per cent. There was a good deal of discussion last month at Derby among the leading: owners about the newly published For feit List, and the appearance therein", of the name of Lord Calthorpe, who is* down for £3S5 15s. Lord Calthorpe was - for thirty years a prominent member • of the Jockey Club, and he raced on a . large scale with great successs, to which'. it must be added that he was a man of ' immense wealth, and that his breeding and racing studs were sold at New market tw*o years ago, after his death, . for up wads of £20,000. Under these cir cumstances it is generally thought to be • very discreditable that Lord Calthorpe’s - representative should allow his name to appear on the .Forfeit List as a debtor ■ for such a paltry sum as £385 15s. The • Prince of Wales is understood to -have— spoken very decidedly on the subject, and his view of the matter is shared by all the other members of the Jockey Club, and by racing men generally. A strange society -has ben brought to light during the hearing of a case before the Thames magistrate. Several men. "were charged with, stealing a, watch? from a sailor, and were all discharged except -Alexander Fullerton, on whom were found a Post Office Savings Bank' book for £49 and a card bearing the fol lowing inscription “National Liars' Association.—Having been a member of ' the above association, and finding you: a bigger liar than myself, I must con gratulate you on relieving me of this card.” It must be gratifying to the East End community, as well as a tribute to • Fullerton's own abilities, that he had found no one worthy of relieving him of the card. The magistrate remanded him for inquiries. A Delsante'teacher, who is peculiar in/ knowing something of Delsarte’s system of expression, says that women can im prove their walk' without a teacher though they can’t learn without walk- ‘ ing from print. The proper -length of " the step is twice the length of one foot and it is measured from the hoJlowof one foot to the hollow of the other. Now, take a piece of tape and- sew on it: bits of flannel at intervals twice the length of one of your feet, stretch it across the longest room you have at your disposal, and you are ready for practice. Maybe you don’t know that each foot should cross the same-line with each successive step? It should— that is very important, so now you raurt walk your tape and set one foot and then the other right over one of those bits of flannel, letting the flannel: come just under the instep. Do this, aud turn your toes -out well, and'swing your legs from the thigh, and ■ you argr far on the road to a beautiful walk. 