THE WATER SUPPLY COWIMISSION- A vdi alteram partem. One side is good hnfcil the other is told. The Water.Supply Commission's report might have been accepted by unobservant criticism ns a scathing exposure or aamtmswanve blundering in our policy of irrigation until Mr. Deakin had been heard in his own defence. His keen analytical examination of the Commission's deliverance lias pre sented an entirely .different aspect of the matter. He does not, and indeed, he cannot, deny that grave mistakes have been made— these are almost inseparable from the initiation of any. new undertaking— hut he - has' shown " successfully that tho investigators, through incompetence and. prejudice, have altogether failed to get hold of the real kernel of the situation. The Commission was composed of members who knew little or nothing of the true requirements of the country. Those who took the most prominent part iu the pro ceedings entered upon the enquiry with a bias against irrigation, and witli no.practical knowledge of what it lias been found possible to accomplish by its aid. The experience of oilier lands was a dead letter as far as tliey were concerned. No one attentively studying the report can fail to recognise their absolute ignorance on this point. They have- lost themselves in a maze of figures which they Jiave .been unable to understand, and their conclu sions, as far as tlioy come to any definite result, are eiitireiy negative and nugatory. It is, as Mr. Deakin has stated, a sort of liquidators report, aud wc may search iii vain for tho ghost of any constructive idea " The national aspects of the water ques tion are not even faced, No proposal is sub mitted by which Parliament can grapple successfully witli the arid .area. There is nothing but condemnation of past mis takes, sometimes just and sometimes un-. just, and many founded on complete mis apprehension. Throughout the report there is no light, .oi-leadio", or suggestions, no hope or-ixinfidence, f.'ijlibsc is no refer ence to,d.p6iicy'6fTahir"sot®ment, which,, without all elliciqnjj wtor' supply," up 11 be destroyed. iNniiAiig'bf said jff tlio way in wlticlLHhe railway jcifeflife' must be allected>bj?!vVat?r"p6ien'ji,tiin. In fnct the reportiS'; 'nothing but .an attempt to paint a picture which is black upon blnck relieved by black, with inky hlnck as a background." This is severe comment, but it will not be diilieult to show that every word of it is justified. ' We have frequently pointed out that errors aud errors of a serious kind have been committed in our methods of irriga tion; hut tho original intention of the policy remains unchallenged. Mr. Deakin does not scruple to accept even more than his fair share of responsibility. He con tinues as enthusiastically convinced as when lie . returned from his Californian visit that in a wise and generous adoption of irrigation lies our only sure and certain remedy against periodic drought. It is an accompaniment absolutely ' essential to elose arid permanent settlement. Where we have blundered is in trying to proceed too ;qriickly instead of proving every step by the actual operation of experience. In seeking to assimilate this new principle wo were - inspired by the impetuosity of youth, and were not content to wait tbo slow evidence of experiment. Evory district wanted its trust, and with money readily available by loan tlicro was. no adequate- precautionary check'. But taking the position at its worst we have still to remember 'that with perseverance in- tlib proper direction wis shall . yet receive tlio reward .'of enterprise. Thefois ' iio -'exaggeration in . the statement .that the' lewses bh'fche irrigation trnsts 'are small iii comparison with tho cost to the colony of its frequent droughts. Wo may- be able to overcome past difficulties, but wo cannot afi'ord to give up the principle of irriga tion.. When Mr. Deakin comes to close, quarters with tlio Commission ho is oven more unsparing in his exposure of its 'blunders.' ' Ho . practically adopts tho observation of a celebrated English states man, wlio, replying to an opponent's attack, remarked that what was now wns not triio, olid' what was trno was riot now. Mr. .Anderson arid his colleagues were over. two y oars in bridging their repot t into existence, and .now it has , boon established "beyond : dispute' thatnearly bvory ;pieb.o.bf' praqtioiil information rind critioism has been " con veyed," withottt. ftcknowlcflgmcnt. frbm a previous report by Miy Stuart Murray and Mr. Henry Gore. The document was sup- pressed for two years to give the Commis sion a free field/rind It soonVB' to'liaw been thought Unit appropriation after tlio lapse .of time was no fault. So careless has been the process of adoption that there has"iili " even been an attempt to bring the statis tics up to date. The chief recommenda toons of the Commission are not orir.iimi A reduction of 'interest and a reductfon iii the payments to the sinking fund were both suggested -by-Mr. Deakin before tho Com mission was appointed. The accumulation of blunders— Ossa piled npon Pclion-isso amazing that wo can only assume tho members to have been brought to a inazci and muddled condition before they entered npoii the task of : preparing their report, 'fhey make impracticable proposals, sub. mit; recommendations which have already been carried out, and unsparingly oxposo their ignorance in rilmost cyery line. Not, >vitbont amplo. justification does Mr. Boa- kin declare that: the report is false in its material facts, , false and contradictory in its figures, and in its conclusions wholly riiisleading. Worse even, from tho Com mission's point of view, he not merely makes these assertions, but he proves, them. . 