THE MISTLETOE ,;? -.BOUGH. - - , By the Author of 'Married in a Dieam,' *' The Mastery of s,Greyfriar's Grauge,' ' J ' etc.jete. CHATTER II.— Continued. ' It was the old squire's -will, and though he 'was a good master toine he must have been mad when he' made.it ; for he left every penny he had in the world and 'every bit 01 property to ins widow, ana never bo much as mentioned Miss Marion's name. The will was made ju&t; '. 'before he clied out in foreign parts, and there's many as say it could be set aside because o£ ' undue influence,' or ' unsound mind,' or some of them things as lawyers ' talk about : but, Lor' bless jer, Miss Marion wouldn't go to law' to 6ght it : she's too gentle and un selfish for that.' ' She lives at the Court still ?' the stranger asked in a voice that trembled slightly. ' She is there uuw r ' Oh, ay ; but there's some talk of her going out to earn her own living in the new year, and a crying Bhame it will be if that stepmother 'of hern lets her. Eh ! what ? Oh, good-night and a merry Christmas, I won't forget to drink your health when I come off duty ; thank you kindly.' The last sentences were spoken disjointedly in his surprise, for the stranger bad seized his hand, shak ing it in hearty, goqd fellowship, and leaving half- a-crown behind in in the other's palm. The thanks had to be shouted after him across the snow, for he had turned away . striding swiftly towards the village, and before they were half uttered, he was almost out of sight. . Dimly defined in the darkness, the road led onwards across the moor, that extended on either hand in majestic desolation like a silent :. snowy sea. The distance was con-1 ; siderable, and the young man's im patience seemed to double it, but in ? reality he must ? have reached the .village from the level crossing in ? quickest time on record. He wasa tall, athletic young fellow of eight or nine and twenty, with curly hair /worn- rather long,r. and a certain careless Bohemian air that becanie .him well. ' ; ' , -iQas^ivas unknown at Jiarelsmere, and street .lamps there were none, but. presently the lights from the cottage windows twinkled like stars before' him in the gloom, and as lie passed the belt' of- sombre pines, he -saw a cross road, evidently leading to the lake where the carnival was being held. ? . ? For an instant he hesitated, then turned down it, setting his lips iirnily together under his dark moustache. ' 'I said I'd never see her again,' he muttered grimly, but circum stances alter cases, and I can surely break my word now.' ? ?? ? ' ' V He passed the tall, iron gates guarded by a Swiss chalet-likelodge that marked the entrance to the grounds of Barlesmere Court. For ' some distance farther, the road ran between ' ' unbroken hedges,', with somber hr plantations beyond, dark eerie woods that were absolutely silent how under their shroud of snow. Then at last the road turned sharply to the left, terminat ing abruptly at the side of the lake from which such a blaze of light rose that for - an -instant his eyes were dazzled by the glare. ,. Then by an effort he saw that the lake was a sheet of water of some considerable size, and that all round its margin bonfires had been lighted, fed by giant heaps ,of re sinuous pine, so that the flames on everyhand leaped1 high, lighting all the scene with a lurid blood-red glare. On the . lake itself . were many skaters darting to and fro, all clad in rich velvets and costly furs that gave quite a Rrussian air ,^ to. the scene. The whole picture was entrancing to the man's artistic eye; the contrast between the silence of the dark woods round- andthe life and movement'of those flittingform s within the mystic glow, fascinated him for an instant by its charm. Then his eyes wandered slowly from group to group until they rested on a woman's face, and there became riveted. Tet it was not the f ace.for which he had sought, and seeing it there brought a sharp ? shock of surprise, almost of fear. .It was as if. a grave had opened, and a ghost of the long dead past The figure was that of a woman, ' a daughter of the gods, divinely ' tall, and most divinely fair.' She was far above the average height, with a ?' curious ? grace, lithesome, ': sinuous, almost serpentine, in every movement, and her/ fiuyfcrimmed wraps, voluminous as they were, served to show the perfect out lines of her form. Her face was very beautiful ; even her enemies — and she had many — foxind it almost impossible to find .fault. ^ It /was the face of a Circe, a syren, very pale, and perhaps a little cold and hard in its statuesque outline, but there was no coldness in the warm voluptuous glow of the black eyes. Seductive, magnificent, passionate eyes they were, large and soft, and absolutely bla ck, ; in contrast tb'the pale gold of her silky hair. . 