Br FABIAN BELL, Author ol "The Maharajah's Diamoade," .'After Long Years," "The Letter io Cipher," "He and She," &0. ? ' ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. (FOB THB MINIS.] CHAPTER XIII. CONRAD HARDCASTLB IS WANTED. Hiram's three partners falfilled his : inatraotioas and exactly carried oat the programme assigned bo them. They \- ' loafed about the township for two or three days and made themselves suffi- ciently donspicioas. They drank at . the bar and dawdled beside the storo counter, Told all and sundry whom it. might or might nob concern that tiley wera sick of Dead Man's flat ; .that the'claim was a duffer, that there .waa no gold worth speaking of, and that they were about to throw the . whole thing ap and return to Mel bourne. " And what about your mates V ^queried the barkeeper. }" " Oh, they are going to stay. They are sweet on Dead Man's flat. Hiram "thinks there's money in it somewhere, ' - lie ehould kno w. Bat we are tired of "waiting for something-to turn up, so we are off to-morrow first thing." "WhatHyou do with your tonlsf . "Oh, leave them to our partners, they're too heavy to carry, and I reckon you don't want to buy them." " tve no objection." " Oh, never mind. Hiram will have » use-for them. In the meantime we \- «hall -want tucker for the road," and they proceeded to invest pretty largely, without^ however, exciting any sus . picione. It was a long tramp to Mel ïboùrne, and whether they took it on "foot or secured a chance lifb iii a return ' 'dray they were equally certain to -require a good amount of provisions. The three men that were left behind : Tiade them a noisy and public farewell ; regretted the haste of their departure and their want of perseverance, and ' -prophesied that they would wish that ' they had remained, . " You protest too much," Baid Hall, as Stubbs for the fifth or sixth time declared that they would repent leav- ing Dead Man's Flat, " people will be- gin-to suspect you if you eay so much." . wjjfptthey;" said Hiram, coolly, r with " a' smile that' was (childlike and . bland. " They know me better. Now \- for the store, I'd buy up the whole atock if I dared. " Better not. It would be danger ?ous.. Besides, how are we to carry so " much?' v^. . *?_I^ve an old white horse in the ^spinifex;- he'll carry our swags." . ': Ahorse! Where did you get .vldrn'r . "Never you mind. I bought him." "Or stole him f " Perhaps so," retorted Hiram coolly ; " anyway I've got him and I intend to make him useful." «Nodoubt," said Hall, stiffly, for he ' " was'annoyed at the mystery that the { ' Yankee still kept up. They returned to their camp and . -ostentatiously set) to work in the tunnel of their claim, picking out) >'|t»8kètful after basketful which jakes inmediately wound up to the surface, jfever bad. they seemed more in ¡duatriona or more contented with their 'wv When evening fell and the Bhort '. . twilight came to an abrupt end they -retired into -tbeir tent, carefully closed the flap, and proceeded to pack up snoh of their goods ¿ and v chattels BB *ne7 proposed to take .with them. The remainder would* be lefb! in the camp, parbly to allay '. suspicion and partly because they could not be carried, and might be safe there for a while at least, the honesty of the diggers being ! * at that time proverbial. , ? When all was ready Hiram v cautiously lifted the flap of the tent Y;) «nd looked out. ? j'; ..lb was" a beautiful night, clear and is starlit. There was not a cloud in ' the sky, and the Southern Cross, like a ; constellation of gems, glittered on the ? meridian, while farther in the north west Orion hung inverted a few degrees above,the horizon in'jthe pale after- glow of the sunset, The moon had not ' yet risen, but the whole atmosphere was full of a clear, dark bright- ness-if one may BO express , it ; which is eminently characteristic of the Australian night, and makes it BO mach more co be desired than the day. From the rear distance rose on the still air the varions discordant) sounds of the digging township-an accordion badly played, the shuffle of feet on a boarded floor, a drunken oath or cry, an occasional scuffle and fall. In the further, distance the curious note of the laughing 'jackass and the measured call of the Australian owl, answering each obher from the bushes around with a plaintive cry which the unimaginative colonists have chosen to translate into "Morepork." Further off still the myriad indescribable, un- distinguishable medley of sounds which are never heard by day, and which form so large a part of the eternal mystery and wonder of the night. "All serene," said Hiram, "come along." He stepped out into the open, closely followed by Hall. Each carried a swag of more than usual dimensions, with which they proceeded to thread their way . over the uneven ground, stumbling now and again as their feet caught some unexpected obtacle, and recovering their equilib- rium with a smothered curse or groan. "How much further!'' whispered Hall. " Not much, keep your pecker np." They plodded on across the broken plain, and then into a dense growth of spinifex, the sharp thorns of which cut and tore their flesh and clothes. But there waa a kind pf track, with which Hiram was evidently familiar, and he went first, closely followed by his com- panion, who was guided by a grey wideawake which seemed' to attract and focus the few rays of light which still lingered in the atmosphere. Stubbs pursued his way in an un- deviating course,- guided by marvellous iostinotof the expert bushman, who finds in every rock and btump a sign- post of Nature's own providing. They reached a clearer space, and the Yankee halted and looked round. " The old hoss should be somewhere here away," he said, letting the swag slip from his shoulder to the ground, " stay here a minute, and I'll go and look for him ; he can't be far off." . He moved away, and was so long that Hall had time to reflect on the strange events which had brought him to that out-of-the-way spot, and stranded him in the Australian wilds. Truly he had cot himself adrift from his old life, and started on one so diametrically opposed to it, that they did not appear to have one feature in common. His former life of count- less interests, occupations, engage- ments, amusemements, and worries in the heart of the great centre of the commercial universe had become so hateful to him that he bad cut himself free from it by a single unpitying stroke as from the knife of a great surgeon. Had he succeeded ? Had it been worth while ? He was hardly prepared as yet to answer this question. In the meantime he was free, abso- lutely free ; there could be no doubt about that. He had no ties or en- tanglements of any kind. He had money sufficient for his present wants, and the diamonds to fall back upon. His health was nearly perfect, far better than it had bsen at any timo since he was a boy, for the rough out- door life had certainly done that much for him. And yet something was still wanting. Did he think of Eulalie, of Grimshaw, of Wentworth, of others who had trusted him, and whom be had betrayed. » Pshaw ! what nonsense ! He was free, free to please himself, to go where he liked, and when he liked, and that was the only thing in life worth making a struggle for. All the boasted civilisation of the nineteenth century, what was it in comparison with this freedom of the deBert which had belonged to men in the earliest ages, and which some few had always desired and retained, and -kings had resigned their crowns to Beek ia vain. All the rest was nothing worth. " All that a man bath will he; give for his life." Aye, gladly, willingly; but when the price is paid is the thing worth h ? Faraway in great cities, nay, even here, in the digger's township, beats the great heart of humanity - hoping, despairing, rising, falling; sorrowing, sinning, repenting ; struggling upward to the light. What was it to bim? He acknowledged no universal brother- hood. Give him freedom, no ties, no worries, nothing to torment him. It was tho cry of individualism through all the ages. He was roused from his reverie by the voice of Stubbs at a little distance. " Where are you ? I've found the hoss. Darn the eld fellow, he had wandered half a mile away. However, I've got him now, and now where are you ?" "Here." Hiram followed the sound, and in a few moments rejoined his companion .leadinga horse by his tether rope. " I've had such a tramp. Did you think I was lost?" " No," said the other indifferently, "I.don't think you have been very long. What shall we do now ?" " Tether this brute securely and go back for Jakes and the rest of the swag." They did so. Relieved of their burdens, the return journey seemed very short. Jakes looked quickly up as they crept into the tent ; and by the light of the slush lamp, which sputtered and fizzled in an old tin, they saw on his face a strange expression of mingled fear arid bravado. " Oh, you've come back at last, have you ?" and the tension of his glance relaxed. '* What's the matter, old man ?" said Stubbs, " you look as if you had seen a ghost." " So I have or something very like it. Yon fellows hadn't been gone half an hour when I heard a noise outside as of someone treading softly. I covered the lamp, and crept ont to hive a look. At first I could see nothing and hear nothing. Then t saw figures moving under the great rock near Smithson's claim. You know it, Hiram ?" Stubbs nodded. " I wondered what they were about. Whether they were watching, and if they suspected us of stealing a march on them. I crept near enough to hear what they said, though their voices were low. « Do you believe it T said one. ' If it's true he deserves lynch- ing,' said another. 1 And we are not the boys to spare him,' said a third ; while a fourth declared that he would watch all night rather than wo should escape them." 11 Did you recognise the voices ?" 11 Two of them, the other two were strangers. The two that I recognised work at that claim past the store ; I think their names are Henderson and Macarthur. The other two may be new chums ; several came up to-day ?" " And what do you make of it all ?" " Why, there can be no doubt that we are watched ; and that we shan't get out of this to-night er to morrow either." "And what aboub the threat of lynching. We've a right to go when, and how, and where we like," said Hall, hotly. "They don't think so. You see a new find may mean a fortune to the first .comer8, and they don't eee why we should have it all to ourselves. I fear we shall have to give it up." "Not a bit of it," said Stubbs, coolly, extracting a revolver from some secret hiding place near the head of the bunk, and carefully examining the loading and priming. " Surely you would not use that ?" "Wouldn't I. You'll see. The man who stops me does it at his peril." "Hark! What is that?" A footstep; the crack of a dried stick. Jakes quickly covered the lamp. " Who is there T' he demanded. And a strange voice answered : " Is Conrad Hardcastle within ? If so, he is wanted." A moment's silence, and then Stubbs thundered out, " There's no one of that name here. Who the devil are you that you come at this time of night, waking honest men with your ridiculous questions. Be off with you at once or I'll crack your skull as I would crack an old nut. Begone, I say, and don't coir o monching round here or you'll be sorry for it." " Threaten to shoot him," whispered Hali, whose teeth chattered, and whose face, which no one saw, was white as ashes. And a strange voice answered : "If Conrad Hardcastle be there, tell him to come forth. He shall not escape me." (To be continued on Saturday.) 