Revenge of Bankson's Ghost. (By Ernest Favenc.) I. fS»srE. HERE is no fool like an * f I V old fool was generally re I I marked about old Bank h I son ?when he married a |S^ girl about a third of his la age — a pretty, and some 1 1| i what fast, society-girl of Si' Melbourne, and £9 brought her up to live at Is his station. Most pea ls' pie said that she would f& run away in a month, Pa but she did nothing of Iff the sort. Sordid as the T surroundings were for such a wealthy man as Banksoo, -Mrs. Bankson had known, worse, for she had known genteel poverty. She was one of the daughters of a family desperately striving, like many others, to keep up appearances on very limited means. Butcher and baker might be sacrificed, but the Government House and char ity balls must be attended. ' This is the class of people who write to the editor and ask him to mention the fact that 'in our report of the fancy fair in aid of stray cats, the name of one of the stallholders — Mrs. Dodson Smythe — was inadver tently spelt Mrs. Dobson Smith.' Mrs. Bankson, then, was quite clever enough to know when she was well off; and though the life was monotonous enough, the weather trying, and the food somewhat coarse, it was a relief to know that there were no duns eternally rapping at the door, and no daily budget of bills by post. Clev erly, and by degrees, she worked a thorough change in the establishment, until Bankson, much to his own surprise, found himself growing quite a stickler for the proprieties. . Needless to say, she soon became popular every where, and all the fellows on the other stations swore by her, and begged her, jokingly, if she had a twin sister to send for her to come up on a visit. So two years passed and Bankson found his married life a very happy one, save for one thing — he recognised the disparity in their ages, and felt inordinately jealous of her — not that she ever gave him the least occasion for it; nor did he out wardly show the feeling. One time he had to go down on some business to Port Fairlight, the port of the district. When he came back he seemed more enamored of his wife than ever, and finally, falling sick, she nursed him with the most tender devotion. Bankson re covered; but Death -had left the bruises of his clutch upon him. . He knocked about the run as usual, saw everything in order, and then died suddenly one night — suddenly and quietly, with out a groan or sign to tell that the departing spirit had any tale to tell before silence smote the tongue for ever. The widow's grief was calm and resigned. There were no children, no fatherless orphans to grieve over; and he was an old man. So there was no extravagant demonstration of grief for her friends to sneer at and designate 'affectation.' The will proved a surprise. Everything was left to his- widow on condition that she did not marry again. II. Most -people, of course, said that it was an unjust and foolish will, especially those who longed to make -eyes at the pretty widow; and so the mat ter dropped. Had they seen a wild- eyed woman pacing up and down her room, at times throwing herself on her bed in a passionate convulsion of sorrw, they would have probably concluded there^ was something more in it, especially had they heard her scarce articulate cry of 'Will! Will! I did it all for you, and now — now — it is useless!' Mrs. Bankson, however, soon became herself again. She had made her mind up to a certain course of conduct, and with her evident firmness of character was carrying it steadily out. Two years passed, during which Mrs. Bankson led £ quiet and retired life, and the station work, by the aid of a good manager,' was carried on as UEual. One night about this time Mrs. Bank son had a strange dream. She dreamed that she was awakened by some body moving about the room, and sitting up and listening, felt sure of the fact. She had plenty of pluck, and taking a revolver that, in her lonely condition, she kept beneath her pillow, she was about tp challenge the intruder, when, whoever it was in the room, began to talk and mutter. It was her husband's voice! For a moment the sudden beating of her heart almost choked her. Then she regained command of herself, and remained quite still. 'Oh, where is it?' moaned the voice. 'Where is^it? I cannot remember where I put it.' Thus the mutterings went on, and the woman lay and listened, so she thought, until she awoke to a sud den, outcry from the dogs. SSIl full of her dream, she got out of bed, went to the window, drew the blind aside, and looked out. The grey o£*dawn was just mingling with the coming red of day; but the dogs were now quiet, and there seem ed.-no one stirring. Returning to her bed she felt under the pillow, and found the revolver appar ently undisturbed during the night. Several times was this dream repeated, until at last, in spite of all, Mrs. Bankson found herself worked up into a state of intense nervousness, and made up her mind to go away for a change the next day. That night the dream recurred, when suddenly the fretful, repining voice changed to one of ex ultation. 'Oh! Now I can rest at last — at last! How could I have forgotten it. The old saddle-pouch.' The presence, so the woman dreamt, came close to the bed, and repeated once more, 'The old sad die-pouch!' Then all seemed silent, and she awoke with a fast- beating heart and the last words ringing in her ears. What could it all mean? What old saddle pouch? She lit her candle, and looked all round the room, but there was nobody visible. Putting on her dressing-gown,- and taking her revolver, she went coolly and quietly to a small room oc cupied as a kind of office. Here she looked about amongst some old saddlery, and finally found two old saddle pouches. She opened one — empty, save for a cockroach or two, at which she did not even shudder. The second — a paper. She put her candle on the rude desk, opened and read the paper. * It was a will, in her husband's handwriting. It revoked the former one, and left everything to her unconditionally. The witnesses were two men, still employed on the station, who probably did not understand the purport of what they were signing. It seemed perfectly valid. She re mained there dreaming, a happy smile on her face. Once she murmured, 'Not in vain after alL' ? The candle burned down, flickered, and went out; but she still remained there until daylight came, and with it the sun. Then she rose and returned to her room. HE. The next morning she left for the seaport, and handed the will over to the lawyer her husband usually employed. After examination, he assur ed her that the will was perfectly good. She had taken the precaution to bring down one of the men who had witnessed the signature of her deceased husband, so there -K-uld be no suspicion of for gery. Haying been satisfied that the will was good, she returned to the station, happy and J ight hearted, seeing nothing but a rosy future ahead, with her old lover for her husband. She made all her preparations for a trip to Mel bourne, and was on the point of starting — the horses were being harnessed even, when the niailman arrived. Mrs. Bankson opened the bag. Three or four station letters, some papers, and one for herself, in her sister's handwriting. \- Some time afterwards, as she did not make her appearance, the manager went in to warn her that it was getting late. She was sitting- by the ta Me, gazing straight before her. In her hand, tightly clenched, was a letter; on the table the contents of the mailbag. He went tip and spoke to her, but she never an swered, so he ventured to . put his hand on her shoulder. She started at the touch, and asked angrily what he wanted. He replied that it was getting late. . ? ' 'I -will be there, directly,' she replied. 'I am fifet sure yet whether I shall go down or not.'.' He took the letters from the table and left the room. Mrs. Bankson got up and -paced the floor. Then she stopped and -read the letter once more. The passage she dwelt on ran: 'Tour old sweetheart was married the other day. He married/a little girl called Mabertey. I don't think you taow her. . She was supposed to have had £20,000; but if- turned out to be only £2000,so Master Will Halstead has been mightly sold.' She went down to the port as she. intended, got the lawyer to draw up a will, by which she left everything to her sisters, then she returned to the station; ania the next morning the woman found her dead in her bed. ? * ? - * ? ? ? * Down In Melbourne a man is giooomily looking at an open letter. A girl comes in to the room. 'What's the aews. Will?' she says. 'Curse you; you've ruined me; that's the news,' he says, with a savage look and '„ tone that brings the tears to her eyes. 'My old sweetheart, now a rich widow* is coming down, and but for you we would be married.' ' Bankeon'e ghost had the best of it after all. 