WARD, LOCK, & BOWDEN'S NOVELS. Out of a batch of new novels received from Messrs. Ward, Lock, & Co., the London publishers, a story by Mr. Thomas Heney, entitled "The Girl at Birrell's, merits priority |of attention. It is a contribution to Aus tralian literature in more than the, sense gcnerallj convejed bj that hackneyed phrase, for it is essentially Austiahan m spmt and coloring Tnere is something Australian in the style itself, which is as barren as a sand j desert I and as rough as a bush trick. But ' lhe Girl lat Birrell's' is readable in spite of the work mauship; and we may forgive the diction in consideration of the huelit) vviiicli marks the descriptions of bush life. Mr Heney has drawn udod his, personal experiences to portray phases, of existence Jini the.Eiverina and on the Paroo, which, as he faajs in a note, are "lading away eveu from my own recollection " The plot, whicn serves as the background for a series of bush sketches >-3 vivid as anj ever published turns upon as simple an incident & could be imagined The son of a Melbourne merchant prince drifts away from his familj, and contracts. atf unfortunate marriage with the daughter of the keeper of a bush shanty— "The Gill at Birrdl's,," in fact, Lime is young and good lookiner, and m a district where women are few ana far between she has every advantage in the pursuit of the noble spurt of match making as it was, and doubtless btill is, practised in the remote pastoral districts of Australia. Bvthecanture of George lluirburn. the station oveiseer, she anticipates not merely escape from uncongenial surroundings, but tho reihsation of long chenshed dreams of a lice of case and luxury. For it should be stated that Li/7ie Birrell is tho incarnation of selfishness and heartless ness, aud Muirburn soon has Teason to regret his bargain But the reader will probably bo less interested iin the way m which this matrimonial experiment works out than in the various aspects of the bu?h and its denizens which the author has drawn wit?a true Iwnd —the shear ing, the £ub tropical slornj; the idle bunday, and the various types that make up society m the *'back "blocks," 'the bush parson, the swagsman, the "whaler," the shepherd, the alluvial miner, ctvL genus omn- lhese are drawn with a bold and convincing, if not .alwajs arfhstic, hand, and the author leaves on the reader's mind an lmDression that bush life, thougn it has many trials and drawbacks, has also compensations and reliefs, and cer tainly is not so monotonous and deadly dull as the uninitiated are1 apt to i imagme. "A Humble Enterprise," is by another Australian writer, Ada Cambridge Like other stories by the same author, it is slight in construction and owes its interest mainly to the treatment A family of girls, their father being dead, decide against tneir brother to open a tea. room, And as generally happens m such cases, the knights who are alwajs within claim of distressed maidens make then ap pearance and-delivcr them from the perils and discomforts of the" battlefield lhe hnale is described with all the writer's power of truthful and graceful delineation, and the sensible and winsome .Jenny liiddon especially has so fully won the reader's sympathies that he (or she) cannot help taking pleasjrre in her good fortune " The Beautiful White Devil" is one or Guv "Boothby'i Eastern romances in which headlong adventure takes precedence of cnaracter drawing. It abounds with astonishing incidents, .as, for instance, "the stoppage of a mail steamer by a sort of feminine pirate on the China beas, who, in punishment for his cruelty, trices up a man on the tbe deck of E'er jacht", and gives him two dozen lashes. The story almost makes up by its dash'and <ceo" for its"infenonty as a work of art Aromineeof an, equally sensa tional order is Mr I.Percy ,4ndreae's "The Vanished Emperor," which relates the strange disappearance, of the GermaA and his Majesty's refSirn at -the very in stant of revolution. It does not pro fess to be- more" than' a fantasy, but the reader's mind is kept in a state ot tension until toe mystery is dispelled, which is not until the clo=e of the story. It would be unfair'to hint at the solution, but it may perhaps,, be permissible to say ithat the English Ambassador is justified m his astute guess that_ there is v " a woman in it" Mr. Bertram. Mitford will increase the reputation he has gainedi by his South African stories by his new novel, "The Expiation of Wynne "Palliser, * which records the fate that betel a man who goes to the Cape to live down % bad marriage. Of course he meets with a young lady, Ethel St Kernan, and of course h" sets his. affections upon her andsheuponhim. They save one another's lives over and' over agaui, but one can easily see that_ the end in store for both is not of, the "bappy- ever" after kind. The hero returning to England meets his discarded Wife, and IB duven back to South. Arrica, where he joins a Zulu tribe, Ethel again crosses his path, she married, and the story has a dismal JmV powerful climax The descrip tions of the veldt and of kaffir war fare are excellent, and many of his scenes are"" 1 not to be surpassed by the best'^fif Hiaer Haggards, while he shows that to enthrall the reader's mind it is not necessary to wholly transgress the bounds ofprob'ablHty. > '*'" Mr. Fergus Hume, so well known by his "JUy?tery of a Hansom Cab," still shows m '" The Dwarf's Chamber " his power of exciting curiosity by strange situations and incidents Tliis is*-a collection of short"stories of varyiug merit, the most*striking Tseing the one which gives its title to the volume It is the story of a noble family with a secret which it is neces sary to conceal from the -world. It ' would spoil the reader's pleasure to explain the mj stery or to hint atthe culmination, bej ond saving that heredity plays a part in the story. The,other tales are readable, -while some, like "The Dead Man's Diamonds^"-, arp weirdly honible Miss Ethel Turner's new book, ?-"The Little Duchess,'1 " belonging to the Nautilus series, consists of a number of stories reproduced jirom. the Australian press. It 1 displays the hg'htness.pf disclosed m the | ",Seven little Australians"1 and the companion volumes, and the same->lnowledge of child character which have- caused thL. writer's stories to rank as classics among their kind There is humor in -the sketch "To the df Easpberry Jam," and the same quality *s shown in other delineations" of character, like that of the dofrgie-woman in "Wilkes of Waterloo," while theltitle story exhibits-a genuine command over the pathetic, it is impossible indeed for an> one notr to be touched by the fatuity of self sacrifice in volved m it. After tbe deluge of sensational fiction which, floods "the book - world it is refreshing to meet with a writer who ib interesting without being unnatural, and who is able to faring back fiction to the real life of which it professes to be a copy. Another story in the same* benes, "The Eajah's Diamond," is written by Mr M. P., Shiel from ajlot furnished by Mr W. T. Stead i It resembles " The Moonstobe" in its main I idea—that of a jewel bringing misfortune upon its possessor, but the subject is treated m such a way as to permit of recent events being dragged in, such, for instance, as the wreck of a German I/lojd steamer, which is obviously suggested by1 the running down of the Elbe. "The story has movement and verve, and parts are exceedingly amusing A word should Tie said for the mechanical excellence of this series. The Nautilus volumes are of handy su-e, and the tjpe, binding, and general design are a model of artistic finish. Two volumes of short stories by a new writer, FrancisPrevost—"On theVerce" and "Eust of Gold"—show undoubted ability, though the tales are of the jin de siecle decadent order of wliich readers are getting a little weary. -"They .all have a bearing more or less on the seventh commandment, which the characters are constantly "on the -verge" or breaking,, but never quite go that length. Two of the beat tales. "A Ghost of the Sea" and "Derelict," describe the remorse and retribution that follow from heartless frilling with a" woman's affections. The only fault in them—and it applies to the tales generally—is that they i are too much studies in psychology and not sumcientlj studies in dramatic properties The reader would prefer that the characters should work out their development by what they say and do, and it is a mistake in art when the authoi puts himself -in the foreground and analyses and discourses upon the feelings of his puppets. It is one thing to look upon a human being suffering the alijjuish of per plexity and disappointment' and another thing to be taken to -a, phrenologist and have the bumps which are affected pointed out to you upon a lay figure 