; . I A WOMAN'S REASON. Sceno : A small tea-room a la Japanaiso, Storks clamber over the walls and tho frieze seem to bo a continuous orane with old-roso legs and a purple bill. The air is filled with the sharp scent of inoenso rising from a tiny braiser burning before the huge brass joss on. the mantel. Tho hostess awaits her guests in a kimono of m&iw; &1in^0a hof IpmI avaKpi.wh hnvA a distinct slant and her small feot slip half out of a pair of sandals at' every motion. A Jopanesoservant holds baok tho rattling curtain and' u lady enters. 1 Tho Lacly : ' Oh, Amy, is that you?' The* Hostess (smiling): ' No, dear ; it the ghost of my great-grandmother.' Tho Lady: 'Oh, I see. I've done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't I ?' ; The Hostess (laughiug) : ' Yes, but I don't know that you need bo proud of it I' Tho Lady (looking about) : ' What time is it, anyway p I suppose thoy don't havo clocks in Japan. I'm very early P' Tho H' b tea's ? ' A little. No one is likoly to come for ten miuutes. 1 got myself into these things in time to have a drens rehearsal with tbe tea things. (Holding up her square slcevo.) Do say something funny, so that I can laugh in this ; it's big enough to hold a perfeot roar.' The Lady (suddenly) : 'Tom was driving with her again yeatorduy. Everybody saw them. Isn't it perfeotly infuriating P' Tho Hostess (gently) : ' It is very hard for you. Do you mind it very much, dear P ' The Lady (petulantly) : 'Mind it? Wellj I should think 1 didl Married only six months and to have one's husband going about with a girl liko that 1 An impossible creature who isn't oven in one's own set, aud who wears gowns that aro simply ghustly.' Tho Hostess: 'But perhaps— if you were more considerate — 1 mean if you didn't go out so muoh with Will Jarvis, who was once well known to be rather epris— ' The Lady (hastily) : ' Oh 1 that's nothing. Tom isn't a bit jealous. Neither am I, but he might have picked out somebody I know.1' The Hostess (seriously): 'Do you and Tom really care for one another P ' The Lady (staring) : ?* Of course not. But we dou't quarrel — at least, not in public. Why (flippantly), he likes that girl better than he dots me.' The Hostess : ' And Will Jarvis thiuks it is very poor taste, eh P ' The Lady (looking down) : ' Perhaps.' ?The Hostess: ' How can you endure a life like this, so ftdl of bitterness and danger to yourself and others ? ' Why don't you and Tom part, and at least live honestlv P ' The Lady : ' You mean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, hut you see I cau't— at least, just yet.' The Hostess: ' Ab, then you do care for Tom a little, after all 1 Be patient and I'm sure it will come out—' The Lady (laughing) : ?? What a senti mentalist you are! Do you want to know the reason P You know Kittie Hunter— one of my bridesmaids P Oa tbe way down the aisle in the church I overheard her wager a dozen pairs of gloves that I wouldn't live with Tom a year ! Spiteful thing ! So you see, I've got to.'' The Hostess (looking at her guest curiously : ' Yes. I see. You've got to.' 