The Dignity of Work. Some Advice to Giels. Buckle on your armour, girls ! Prepare yourselves for the fray 1 The long reign of sloth and idleness is at an end ! A new order of things prevaileth ! Speaking generally, life has been made too easy for you by the woefully mistaken kindness of ’ your well-mentioned parents. Not only enervated and borne down by the weight of the passing hours, but also at a loss how to fill them, you have supinely frittered away your time. Now you are to learn a new lesson, the true value of self. We are being taught in the harsh school of Necessity that health, strength, brains and hearts were given to us for other and better purposes than those to which they have been hitherto devoted. During the last few years life has gone hard with many of us, prosperity has taken flight temporarily, necessitating the break ing up of homes, and the disintegration of families. One of the saddest features of the times is the knowledge that women— delicately reared, inexperienced women—have been thrown upon the world in large numbers to earn their living as best they can. It is a dreadful subject to contemplate at the present juncture, for, however willing and wishful they are to work, the difficulty is to find the work to do. Most of us are in such straitened circumstances that we cannot help others ; still we all must en deavour, by hopefully striving, to acquire self-reliance to gain in dependence from our very reverses. Always remember that honest employment never debases but it is characteristic of idleness that it degrades by means of its enervating tendency. Despite the terrible odds against us, both of education and prejudice, the lack of those years of training and education most boys receive which enable them to make a start in life, we must show how, unaided by the latter advantages, we can accomplish our purpose. As Longfellow says :— “ Let us then be up and doing, With a heart for any fate, Still achieving, still pursuing, Learn to labour and to wait.” Hitherto a fictitious or fancy price has been placed upon every thing, now hard times and depression have changed all that; we are about to learn the true market value. Doubtless many of • you have put a great price on yourselves. Whether you are worth it or not will soon be ascertained-whether you have erred in under- rating or over-rating your qualifications. But common-sense should dominate the majority of you, so, without losing valuable time, you must courageously face your changed position. The dignity of labour has long enough been monopolised and enjoyed by men ; now, in the natural course of events women must enter the field, and show what they can do. Perhaps the result will not be very apparent in this generation, because there is so much to battle against, so many social prejudices to overthrow, so much ignorance to overcome, so much, in short, for ourselves to learn, that necessarily we will not make a very brave show. Like all important movements at the initiatory period, there will be a big stir, but no quick visible result. This we must not mind, but knowing that we have at length started on the upward path’ there will be sufficient inducement to persevere. Therefore un deterred by slow action or repeated failures, let us work quietly and steadily. This work may consist either of household duties or outside employment. In the first place, the numerous household duties hitherto per formed by servants, must now, by the turn of fortune’s wheel (which has deprived us of those luxuries), devolve upon the girls, who should take a pleasurable pride in becoming true '• “ mother’s helps.” They must interest themselves the right way, and not attempt to regard those essential duties as drudgery. There is nothing derogatory in ordinary everyday services ; bear ing this in mind, perform them with a gracious will, and per haps the extra time so spent will serve, not only to render home more precious than when every hand’s turn was accomplished by domestics, but also make the workers more sympathetic and companionable to their fathers, husbands and brothers ’ Regarding those girls seeking outside employment, let me . enjoin them to be ever keenly alive to their sense of womanly dignity, and avoid any attempt at ■ attracting attention. There is something infinitely more noble and superior in the occupation of a working woman, than in the empty frittering away of valu able time as a butterfly of fashion, flitting and whirling here and there in the sunshine, the sole object in view being that of winning the valuless admiration of masculine nonentities. Let us hope such folly may soon be a thing of the past. We must teach our parents what they most indubitably should have taught us, that the future of their daughters should receive equal.consideration with that of their sons. Girls should not be fallaciously inbued with the idea that in due time a husband will inevitably supplant the father in providing a home and living for them. Marriage is not the only haven for women, and very many of them share this knowledge; yet let me hasten to re assure those to whom this idea is distasteful, there is little doubt but that men will prefer as wives and helpmates those girls who are not afraid to face the world when necessary, and will, more over, honor and value them for the many useful qualities they have striven their utmost to develop and cultivate. Let us lay the ghosts of idleness and apathy, while bearing in mind the golden precept which nerved every aim of that patient hero, told so beautifully by the grand sweet poet lately passed away :— “ Where he fixt his heart He set bis hand to do the thing he will’d, And bore it through! ” There it is, dear girls, in one glorious word moulded in letters of light, “ Persevere ” ! Never stop till you accomplish your aim of advancing some steps in the march of Progress, which will land our sex on a higher plane and make life better worth living for both the present and future generations. Then there will be no idle hours to fill with aching heads, weak backs, countless mysterious aches and pains, which doctors mass together under the high- sounding name of Hypochondriasis. How gladly will we join the ranks with those who thoroughly believe that “Em ployment is nature’s physician and essential to human happi ness.” Thus while putting whole hearts into our work it will be necessary to make use of both heads and hands, for it will not be of the slightest avail to do anything in a lackadaisical, apathetic or compulsory manner. We must not only interest ourselves in whatever occupation we are engaged in—whether it be domestic affairs, teaching (the educated woman’s one acknow ledged resource^, dressmaking, millinery, canvassing, type writing, painting, music, writing—but also do it to the best of our ability, thereby determinedly endeavouring to ensure suc cess. Nor should we be discouraged, or wilfully close our eyes to any work, which does not take the most congenial form, but, adapting ourselves to circumstances, act in accordance with the old adage, “If we cannot get what we like we must like what we can get.” To put this into practice may not be an easy matter, still not only can this be accomplished, but it can be done with a good grace. Our foremothers (an’ it please you to make such a term per missible !) suffered from megrims and vapours, which whimsical complaints have been transmitted from generation to generation, till the nerves have become one of the most prominent factors of the human organization of this age. Nature herself, rebelling at last against her supine, unenergetic, debilitated subjects, offers a permanent remedy for a malady encouraged by pure laziness. We must rouse ourselves now to give brain and muscle fair play; our lethargy must be shaken off, and every individual microcosm must learn to do without its own special private hospital, devoted to the conservation of each one’s own peculiar aches and pains, the seeds of which have been sown broadcast in the particularly fertile soil of “ having nothing to do.” * We are told that “ out of evil cometh good,” and so will apply it in this especial instance, for verily do we hope that the benefits of the future will compensate for the vicissitudes of the present. With this fervent wish in our hearts, let us, undaunted, rise with alacrity. Fearlessly face the bad times, while hoping that woman’s work conducted in brave, modest, and womanly fashion, will set its mark for good on countless ages. By this means we must endeavour to purify and strengthen both social and public life. There will always be an answer ready when the question arises, “ What shall we do with our girls ? ” Give them work to do. Teach them the value of intellect and useful hands. Then by combining both, they will be enabled to seize opportunities as they occur and do justice to themselves. When this is brought about, men and women of future genera tions will understand, and perform thoroughly, the duties they owe to themselves, their country, and their God. Alice Solomon. Mistress : Is it possible, Huldah, you are making bread with out having washed your hands ? New Kitchen Girl: Lor’, what’s the difference, mum ? It’s brown bread. 