KATANNING NEWS. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. | DORING the past month the weather lias been of an essentially suit ry nature though thc month opened with beautiful cool weather. As a consequence crops have ripened fast and stripping is in most cases well under weigh. Pew of the farmers in this district, however, are holding for grain, being more attracted by the more promising a- well as more immediate prospect of return from hay arid chaff. The average per acre all round ib very satisfactory being far and away ahead of last year. The best crop so far heard is that of Mr. E. Wilhelra who estimates that he haf>7 tons of hay from .'52 acres and this is closely followed by Mr. F. K. Smith who took 30 tons from twenty acres. These arc, however, exceptional yields and the general average may be faiily put down at 17cwt or IScwt per acre. Great care is required to be exercised at present to prevent the rise and spread of that annual scourge—the bush fire, for, with glass of such luxurious growth and dry as tindir with the recent heat, the farmer has danger on all sides of him. As an illust ation of the dangers of the lucifer match and carelessness combined, a shephard journeying out with his purchases the other day" sat down on the outskirts of the town to have a rest and a smoke, as it is supposed, with the result of a considerable conflagration which consumed ab^ut 200 acres of grass and the major portion of the aforesaid purchases. The fire got into Mr. T. H. Stanbury's paddock and destroyed a large area and a fine of 20s next morning together with the loss of about £4 worth of goods should have a beneficial effect. What might hare proved a much more serious affair was a tire discovered by Mr. W. Andrews on the 14th December in apaddocl: of his adjoining the railway line. The tire had a good start and wa« being driven by a westerly breeze directly towards the homestead. With the as- istancc of neighbours the fire was got under in about four hours the damage being sonjc 10o acres of grass. Subsequent investigations showed that the fire must have originated from some sleepers burning by the side of the railway line. On Tuesday the l?th a most novel and enjoyable entertainment was ga-en in the Mechanics' Hal! in aid of the tunds of the expectant Church of England. The entertainment being by the school children in the main induced a large attendance and tlie sum f £8 10s was cleared aid of this most worthy object. The first pait consisted of an extravaganza entitled " Bluebeard," and taking into consideration the Somewhat brief preparation the effect was a matter fur congratulation to the originators. Master F. T. B. Piesse was certainly letter perfect in ••Bluebeard." Miss Taylor as Selim did good j istice to a small p-irt. Mi.-s Newton jurtraved the part of Abraham in a very good style, while .Mi.-s L. Bayley as Katima was a fuir type of terrorised eastern femininity. Fatima's sister lrena (Miss Mary McLeod) was undoubtedly the success of the cast, her enunciation an ! gesture.- being excellent. Policemen X, V an i Z wei<> represented by Master G. Old. W. Webse. and F. Newton, the tirst named bei- g part eulurly good. Mas'er T. White (standard bcaier), Masters J. Old, M. Piesse ana ('. White (pages). Masters M. and \\. Chipper and P. and B. Taylor (band). J. Web- •. .!. Newton, B. Old, C. Connor, K. Hoglin (guards) and the Misses E. Taylor, F. Cronm, A. Newton, K. Bayley a:ri A. Cronin (ghosts) completed an excellent cast. An interval <f the usual P.) minutes and a children's cantata was placed before the public. "Dick Wh.ttiugton and his cat." The title role was tnken by Master H. Venuer who did his be.si on m;halt of Dick, but unfoi t unatelv his poverful treble was handicapped by inexorable time which decrees change.-in voice n- otherwise in other respects his rendenng of the part was quits up to his former effort, Mast< F. T. B. Piea-c as the " Captain was ; 'lant ttJimau'n lull feather ano as bet ."ive evidence oi an excellent memo, Warren, the bl -it^d meo'luviii, was i •.Idled ei,.i..i, er lost Wiiu Mr, A. E. i leosd au.i the nothing at Ins hands. Miss Rebecca Steward BQftde a most charming Alice Fitz Wanou' but the " boss " part of the pioco was undoubtedly Mr. 0, A. Piessp's " Cook," which was sustained with hia well-known capacity for the comic element combined with perfect knowledge of tho text. The ohorim of servants was composed of Misses M. and 0. McLeod, M. and Taylor, F. Oronin, A. L. and 0. Now ton, A. Webse, M. B. Hart, J. Please, L. and H. Bayley. Tho chorus of sailors were as follows : Masters C. Connor, H. and 0. Piesse, 1*. and 0. Old, M. Chipper, B. Bahlinger, F. and J. Newton, P. and B. Taylor, 11. Ilogliii. W. and J. Wetw<. The dresses for the whole alVair were designed by Mrs. W. K. Adam, and valuable ftusistiinco was given towards tho BUCOCSH of tho en ertainmeut by Mesdaiues F. 11. Piesse, Peiuble, Connor, Vernier, Chipper, J, H. Newton, A. W. Piesse and 0. Mcl.eo.l. The children of the CuntataVere trained throughout by Miss Williams in their musical parts and not too much credit nan bo givun to this lady for her instruction. She also played the score for the cantata. 