| HOW GHOSTS Ali 10 MA DM I A CHAT WITH A N ITINERANT ILLUSIONIST. I MET the gho*t-m;ikcr at a country fair. In a field net apart for the ullage i% fe:i?st '* Mere roundabout, fJmolinifgalJcrio, cocoa nut cities, awl tho nuuiy and woudeifid tiling which make up a rustic mUUIUHII.A. Arranged in A semicircle were booth* in which, for a few pence, t lie villager* were' able to pee the biggest, woniHn on earth, (ho only living mermaid, the wonderful twins, and ft bewildering army of gboM# from tho spectre of HiimlutV father to the phantom which haunted old Scrooge. | I mounted the step* lending to the ghost I show and saw u fat man fitting in the pay box smoking a pipe with meditative deliberation. There was nothing Miectral or uncanny about him. He was n nappy, jolly, good tempered fellow, with a »uprcme contempt for the spirits which he channel from the t'ASfy deep. i3y Iir«< side w/i« hi* buxom wife, a woman of massive figure, who* in tho days of youth and beauty, had played Ophelia in half tho barns of Eng land. I wept to think how many times the poor old lady had been drowned. " Well, how are the ghosts to-day!" I shouted, a*, with a Paul IVy movement, 1 pushed my head through the half-opened door. "Oh, they're having a rest ju«t now," chuckled the old mnti, as lie removed his pipe from his mouth and pointed with his finger to a seat. "The Hpirite have van ished-into smoke," aih! he put tho well worn stem between hip lips again, and puffed away with supreme content. "How long have you been rawing ghosts 1 asked. " Oh, a great many year?. I have been on the road nigh oti thirty years, and I've been raining ghosts all I bat time. A h, yes j I've got used to them by thib time. They're only flesh and blood, like many a ghost would turn out to be if examined." "Yen, I daresay. But haven't your ghosts been taken for real spectres many a time V " Oh, yea, in the early days of ghost shows. You see, the i>cople knew nothing about it then. Now they understand how the illusion is produced. {School Boards have nigh on ruined us. Boys and girls don't come to our show expecting to be frightened-they come to enjoy a scientific experiment. In the old day* they came to the show with fear and trembling-ay,men and women too. They expected real ghosts, and they went away with the impression that they had seen them. Why, one night a? the angels hovered over *Tho Collier's Dying Child,' a woman ftbrieked to them to save the boy." " Ye*, that part of the illusion is very realistic. You have had many experiences of that kind, I suppose !" "No, not many. Oursie a very humdrum life. I remomber playing MephiRto in an adaptation of / au t, when one old fellow got so angry at the way I helped Faust to kill hie friend that he threw a heavy walk lug-stick at my shadow. It struck the plate-glas.* in front and splintered it. When I saw what had hap|>ened I threw the stage into darkness. Tho play wan over for that night, you may be sure. " Ay 1 talking of MepVisto," the old fellow went on,ltis wrinkled face smiling with delight as he recalled the stories of his early days, " I had A curious adventure once. I was playing Mephisto in a country village about the size of this, and all the men and women for miles around came to see me. The ghost fthow was a wonderful attraction in those days, sir. The country people used to watch the play with breath less attention. Well, I had finished play* ing tho part one night when a note came behind tho scenes to say that Mr. Verulam, of The Hall, wished to see me. I told the boy to bring the gentleman round, and immediately afterwards n fine, well* dreeled man came to the corner of the booLh in which I was disrobing. Catch ing sight of the fiery-red robes with which I was usually drossed foe the part, he said, excitedly : "1 Stop ! don't tuke them off. I want you to play Mephisto up at The Hall.' "'What!' I cried with an incredulous look, 1 play Alephisfco m a drawing room ? Can't bo done, sir 1' " ' No,no, I don't mean that,'be returned quickly; 'come with me at once, and I'll give you a five pound note for your trouble.' " ' AH right,' I said, and covered up my red robes with a big shawl. lie had his carriage waiting outride, avid we got into it and drove off in the direction of The Hall. j "I was pu sided to know what be wanted ] me for, out ray doubts were quickly allayed. It seems that his wife bad lost a beautiful diamond bracelet, and suspicion had fallen upou one of tho maids. The mistress of the house had good grounds for her suspicions, although they weie not such as would warrant an arrest. The girl's boxes had been searched, and every nook and corner of her bedroom examined. | Nothing, however, was found. Mr. Veru-1 Ifltn's wife persisted in thinking that j the girl had stolen the jewel, and ] hidden it until the matter bad been for* j gotten. That night he ascertained that the girl bad gone lo sec Fan*t with her fellow servants, and ho hit upon a lucky idea. He knew how superstitious the maid was-in fact, all country girls were just then-and he resolved to take advuntoge of it. To do «o he had invited me to The Hall to play the part of a ghostly detective. As eoon as xce reached The Hall he emuggled me through a side door into the library. There he disclosed his plans. He wanted use to ; icmain there in the dark until the maid arrived from the show. As Boon as she catne in ho would ring for her in the usual i way, and request her to light the lamp in the library. As Bbedtd so 1 was to make my appearance, cut off her retreat, and, in my mott sepulchrul i ones, question her about tho mtesing jewel." "How did tho expedient succeedt" I a?ltcd, uiuch interested in the showman'*? recital. . "Oh, capitally," and the old fellow chucklod again at the recollection of the incident. "The maid arrived about half* nti-hour later, having, of coarse, to walk all the wav to The Hall, and shortly afterwards I heaid the master give directions for the library lamp to be lighted. 1 stood in iny red robca in A curtained recess near the door, and, an t>oon ns the lamp had been fully lit and the pirl was about to leave the room, I *lo«ly emerged from my hiding place and faced her. Well, you never heard puch a Bcream, but luckily for inoehe didn't faint. Site xiniply yelled and shut hercy *. Then, in a sepulchral tone, I demanded tho j<jwel for which she had sold her soul. Of course, coming after a play like lawf, in whirl) jewels form an important [uut, (ho effect was very strong. The g rl shivered from head to foot, pointed Lo a large bouk on t he third shelf of the library, and Kcrcamed lo«<lcr than ever. 1 advanced to tho table on which the tamp r>tood, blow out tho light, and disappeared in the datknes!*. " When Ihe master of the house came up I indicated the book which the girl had pointed «ut, and behind it we found the niisi-inir jewel. I got the five pound note he had pictured me and another in addi tion. Ay ! " and the old man sighed as he baned hack, jteupivcly, in hie chair, "that wars the bert stroke of lack I ever Jtad." " Well, now, for a liille trade secret. Hu*v am l.ho-e gliosis mm do?" " 1 can fhow you best in this way. See" \- and hciChe to Jt up a little model of tho plage l«e had made in his leisure hours, " here yon kms how tho whole thing i* done. In ihe front o1 a gho-t show Mage you will iiU-i y* sec - if von lorjk caicfully-a Lirpo j f-lun.f of til"-*. II is geiw rally d«fco' a1odnt j tli.; e lj1?- a d j'ihcil o-i to the cn-dinary Htiige, u'h.«t it i> difTtctdl to see it. Alio | _,i yon liw rmofnlly - you wiUobsewn a wide »*up b uv. en the actual stage and the nndUn<x\ 1*Uat if the "Aven* 4n which . «i»wU«rc j 41 You don't bake them, eurclyf* ^ " *Vo. Out wo itKot them pretty wtfl. | When 1 mntigborttoitp^ratAeerlAiii iwrt t>S the tJie ordinal pi ibotfiofi >i>>* dmvn on the fewer platform, and a » ruHivr Hifht iK I hrown upon him by means ill w-ii< ji-ts- man nxvhydrojrcn lamp. In that p«v»ii ion h» I liraw* hi.- Imtids and feet ubout ,i- ii'ijii.i'.'il, lju»- seldom walks-because he IMII'I. W'Uva I want him to walk ho is pnDnl iilrrn^ a I rolley, and then, by moving iii.- Ii-im , i lie (*lio^i> is seen to bo walking on the " Then, how (iocs t.he ghost disapj>ear ?" "Oh, easily onough. The oven lighta are tunnsd down and the footlights are liniH.'il up at an equal rate. Then the | fi^me di^app^ar*." ! " Von make I he ghosts sing occasionally. How ie (hut managed ?" " W'iiW, if you are near to the stase, you will percuivo (hat the sound comes from the 'oven,' and not from the stage. The men Imve to pine on their backe." " Hut how do you make the little chet ubs float about," " Merely another optical illusion. The figures of the performers only are visible on the ftflire. All the apparatus nccessary for tlifir cxtmordinnry attitude is draped in black ho that although it ie reflected on the plage, it if) not viable to the people in tho show. That ie the way we make the spiritV hai.d write, and how we put heads on the Ntiice without bodies. All the lest of (he performer is carefully hidden with black clot!). -Million. 