FRECKLES. BY LILIAN CANDLER. "Madge, Meg, wihere are you. I say, I Madge " "What do you want? ". " You, of cuursec; what else do I ever want I! Where are you ?" " Up in the apple tree, of course ! Where cled do I aver got when I don't want to be dis turbed ?" " Then come down." * What for ? Can't I finish my chapter ? " " No. come at once; I want to tell you something." "Here, then, catch the book." And she dropt a copy of much used " Asphodel " out fromn the gnarled old branches of the liehen-grown apple tree over in the further corner of the orchirdl. Itixinghaum Hurtley had by this time singled oiut the favourite resting place of the girl, and ntow stood beneath the tree in readiness to help Icr down or to cetch her should she jump. The open book descended flat on his upturnedl fare in lher stead : and while he stooped to pick it 'p and to gather together tihe loosened, fluttr leg pages, LMadge swung herself down fromnt her perch. " Well ? " ishe asks d him. " What's the matter ? " he made relply, star irg at her cs he straightened himiself. t 'that's what I watt to know. You said cot had someething to tell me." He stnffeld the hook into his pocket, and vtspp.ing towards her took her two hands in his. " What's up, Freckles ? You've been cry ingr," he said. " Well, I don't need to be told that when I did it myself," and she laughed a little watery laugh through hIer tears. " What's the matter, dear ? Tell meall about it." And he took her two hands in his strong brown 1fat one and plared the other cos ie ly roe ,. ,er ou ne de r Ifrb , -- -r " It's only the stupid old book, Rex, and I've read it twice before." " Goes out and drownse herself, doesn't she r I remember. Silly old Freckles ! But I ay, by .ove, it suits you to crry, old lady; make you look awfully nice." " D)on't tease; what have you got to tell me ? " and ste rubbed her wet cheek up and down his cent collar. " Nothlng that'll make you cry, little one, but somtething that will make you so happy on my account." " Ot, 11ex, what is it? Won another bicycle race and got a jolly prize ? Or a rise in the oflice ? " " Guess again." He seemed amused ather suggestions, nttd was interested, too, in watch ing thie tears vanish away as she turnel her glowing face to lis. SDear, I caii 't guess; tell me." " It's something jolly, and willbe a sort of expected surprise to you, if I may use the expression." " iex, you haven't been betting again, and w..n and bought the chetaut of Bir George's you wanted ? " Her eyes looked very serious now, and there was a pitiful conscious quiver abosut the mieobile lips. " No, 'pen honour, I haven't betted since the time I promised you I wouldn't." iho alli nothing, but with a happy little sigh of cotntentment she Irid her head down an his aoboulder again. " Well, I see I'll have to tell you," said Rex; ioglhsm after a pause. "You remember the artist wo was struck with lour hair last year ? " "' Utt." " We' 1, it's something to do with him; can't you go so ? She knit her brows and puzzled in silence At last she said: " No: I've no id.a of aeythis I about him that' could concern you except throueglh me," she added in an undertone. " What did you say ? " he asked quickly. "I don't kinow of anything that could concern you with regard to him. Have you seen him lately ? " " No: but I've seet his sister." " Which sister ? Miss Rive or the frisky widow that was here ? " "Both; but I mean Pauline-Mira tive." '' Well ? " Can't you guess ? " " You don't mean she has asked you to sit for her and meanst to paint your portrait ? " " I didn't know she couldt paint people." " Didn't you ?" The retort rounded saif it half revealed a secret. But Rexingham did not notice it. "Well, I'm engaged to her, thats all,and I'm just the luckiest fellow in the world I Isn't it jolly ?" Something startled him, it soundes as though a voice in the far distance and yet somewhere quite near ejnculated " Oh God ! " Aud,but that the expression sas so uufrasinine,; and was moreover uttered rather in the tone of a supplication than an intejection, he might have fancied ladge had uttered it. just as she buried her face deep in his cont. " Well," he asked, after a pause, "aren't you going to congratulate me P " Still she was silent. " aHdge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckles, ihaven't you a word of good luck for me ? Why I used to think you were fond of me little girlie, and so you are the first person I hlave told my bit of goodl news to." He put his hand unde-r her chin and turned her face towards him. The tears were all gone now, and so seemed to be the colour from her crheeks and the network of little sunspots which, hadl won her liher pet name from him, stoo I out in hold relief against the unwonited paleness of litr skin " What's the matter, Madge ? You look as if you were choking. Have you got st:led there on my shoulder, dear ? ' - The ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was cone in an instant. " I think I must have swallowed a piece of fluff off your coat," she said, " and it stuck in my throat." " This eug'gement of yours is rather sudden, my boy, isn't it ? The tone see med somewhat aixiou,. and the voice was that of Mrs. Ilurtley, when, about an hour afterwards, her son had sought her out to tell her of his piece of good luck. " No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good bit of the Rives last year, and I have oltren met them in Londo, siice." " I lhad no idea you admired that kind of girl," said ers. Hurtley. " Oh, mother, I think she's awfully pretty, and, besides, she has such a good figure, and really the dearest little foot and ankle of any woman I know." ' 'Well, I suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to have a gool figure and a pretty ankle," said his mother, with just a touch of something that was not like her usual kind self in her soice. " Heve you told arjoury " she asked after " Of course I told Fcrckles just as eoon as I got iin trom the satietsii. Ttlruy told meeshe was in the orchird, and I natrllolty sought out my old pslazmate at sncS." " Ail what itil sele say, how did she take it P' aCked His. flurtley anxiously. " Oh, she dislii't say much, else was a bit susir sed at itSt, and, bhsidcs, just as I was telliug her a Ily flee down her throat or some thiEg, aul stke hail to soalloe that irst. After it l.ithe askic.le e if I were happy in my en gus'uuisit, eii'l eheit I suid, 'IRother !'ihe tilste ,e ttIen e was she. I ay.muother,I snat you to ask t'auilisue dowit here, and all might get up a little tpicnic oa somethisug. And-I shoulsi hlke itto he nice you know: they are very rich o l Hiw do you liket y dreas, Rex ? " " It's charming." l Iaut you are not looking at it." " Wass't I. Wear a thick veil then if aou wa,,t people to notice your strve e " She laughed, she was pleased, and yet eon aiderine sow used lPasline Hive msust hace been to complilmsnts and ltattery it seemed strnsge she cesid still feel so delighted about them. WTt'hat are we eosug to do when we get out of the train ? " she asked presently. " Go straight to the riser ant meet Meg and the provisions there, and that lazy brother of yours if he remcmbrrs to turn op." " Oh. trea, it mill be awful if Jack doesn't come ! " " Why? I needn't do all the work. Madge can row." " No, I meant-' two's comfortable, three's a erowd, you know." " Oh, Freekles doesn't count for an extra one : she is a jolly sort of girl thatway." "I don't like Miss Arleigh," protested Pauline. "But you must since she and I aro great chums, you know." "Yea, 1 know. I wish you were not." ",Why?7" "She's a fanny sort of a girl. Do you know what Jack said of her? " hat Jrk's macshed: he'd say anything. 'ihltt was it P " He said, when he was uo mad thet time for her to sit for him, yoe rcmn mbher -' that girl is the sort they make hkroeinis and ssurderesses ot.' He says red hair anil that peculiar, dusky claw of colour which cornes sned goes under her skin, means peaiuin anil strength of oil. Does stir ever get in a tpasionI. tire " 'Nover* seli is the swectest-teml'ered woman I know; but I don't suppose Jack meant that sort sif jassio.i" tier. Ce eae." As they jssmtued out of the train Badge met th m on the alatform. ;I caiime toithe station," slhesoaid to Rex after I greeting Miss Rive, " in cae you needed aoy helpwiththeh baskt. lir. lhivohltas notcome, Let me have the other side of that, KtRex," she said, sulting tie acetion to the word, " I'm so strong, and it lessens the weight so much for two to carry it." " I could have helped flex," protested Pau line. Rex laughed. "You help, indeed! Why ] you are only half my size : and, be sides. the I1 strain would pull that rig of yrruis out of gear!" " Besides, I sam more usedl to it; am Inot Rex?" answered Maldger'. turning to him. " We've carried manly a ienic basket down to the river between us, iihaven't we ? " SYes, Maudge, you're on out-and-out brick ! And she nerer ohirks her share," he added with kindly ipatronage, turning to Pauline. " I suppose you have known Mr. Hurtley a very long time ? " observed P'auline in a dis' tinctly " conversational " tone. " Not so very long : I am only twenty-two," repliei Maidge so brightly that to suspect sar casi in the anoswer seemed treachery. " I was three and Mel ten months old when mother adoptedl hrr," expllained Hea. lPauline vouchsafeil no reply, hibut bit her lips and walked ou. To her the remark seemed ill bred on Moadge's part. They were soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat : it somred as if theiewould not have been room for Jack Ihive had tie come. " Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingham ? " asked Pauline as they started. "Yes, if you sit still and don't wriggle abouIIt : it isn't else." " Then why did you bring me out in it,'" she exclaimed, in horror. " ih, Freckl nsiid I always use this heat, and theme is no choice between this and a much too lumbering affair." " Do you A b ften so on the river, IMiss Arleigh P" nske.l rasli,,e. " A good bit; in the holidays Rex and I are out neraly all dlay; when I'm alone I generally eo iii a e." ='~A5,rear, n. " Oh, no so nt if you khoe the river. But you really must sit still Miss flive, it is dilf cult for me to steer, or for IRe to scull if the boat's not trim." "fBy George! its more than diflicult; it's dangerous when a steamer comes along i " ex claimetd iex. " Oh, I'm so frightened ! Let's land soon, please," enitWated Pauline. " Sit quiet for goodntsss sake, Lina, and you will be all right. We must get down to Willow Bend before we open the luncheon baskets ! " bliss hive's courange rose, and her equanimity returned as she found that the boat neither turned upside down nor ran into the bank as they proceeded, and she soon forgot her fears and the creases in her new dress, and actually began to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend tI ey landed, and the baskets gave up thoeir hidden store, much, too much of course as cusl, as is the way of picnic baskets. " I begin to miss Jack when the plates are unwrapped ;: don't you ? " remarked Rex, as having supplied the ladies, he began to fill his own. " You seem quite as well able to dispose of the things," nlaughed Madge. " Hasn't that boy an enornnous appetite when he's in a good temper, Miss Rive ? " "I can't say I've noticed it," replied rauline in quite on aggrieve, tone. "Oh, come pow, haven's I been in a good temper ever since you tirst smiled on me ? " exclaimed Rex, with his mouth full of pie. - They dawdled so long over their lemcheon and then went " just a little lower down," before turning back and "gain putting in at Willow Bend for a cup of tee, and it was such fun boiling the kettle anil washing up the plates, and re-packing the basket, that it was growing dark by the time the little party commenced their return journey by the river. Even Pauline Rive acknowledged that she had enjoyed herself-lRex was so joyful and Marjory so quaint andt marry that she forgot that her gown puckered wherever the water' splashed on it, and that the rising mist was brioging her hair out of curl. 1 I'll scull home," said Rtex, " and you steer, Freckles." " It's getting awfully dark," he said pre-. sently, after working steadily fora quarter of au hour. " Are we near the lock yet ?" "Another sixty yards and we'll be inside,". answered Madge, prering into the darkness for boats ahead. In the lock MIadge wanted to change end take the sculls to rest Rex a bit; she thought, too, that he could prefer the seat next Pauline, but Rex insisted on retaining the oars. be was not Lired he said : and it wanted a man's stroke to get them home before it became quite dark. When they cmecged from the lock they found the river very misty, besides being over-. shadowedl with trees now for the rest of the reach home. " I don't like this; I don't feel safe," ex-' claimed Pauline. " It's all right if we are careful, and Freckles is a splendid steerer," Rex assured her. Presently Madge said : " Hex, there is some thing in frount of us; it looks as if a great coal barge hadil broken away from the tug and was floating broadside on to us." Pauline screamed. " Give her plenty of room, then," ordered Rex, and 3ladgo turned the boat into the: middle of the stream, as the obstacle seemed' coming down almost along the bank. Suddenly, as they carme from the shadow of tho great hulk the lights from a steam launch blazed in their eyes. Before they knew what to Co the frail boat struck forcibly againostsome thing. " We're lost ! We're lost !" cried Pauline. " Sit still for Gol's sake, or we shall be,"' commanded Rlex. " Can you both swim ?" " Slip loose your skirts," whispered Mladge, ut Fauline flung herself on the side of the boat in a paroxysm of terror, and before they hadl. time to recover her, she had upset them all into the water. "Help !" shouted Re; " we're capsized stop the screw." Madgo found herself clinging to the side of' the boat, which had not turned over, but had righted itself more than half full of water. She caught at the wrist of P'auline and placed her hand on the boat too. " Hold on," she cried, " we are all right :" but even as she spoke she felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her weight itwas evidently leaking. Soon she heard Rex close to her. " Are you both together P" " We are both here," answered Madge. " Pasline is so quiet 1 fear she fainted or re ceived a blow." "We must struggle on to the barge; the steamer does not seem to have heard us, and has gone on." " Save Pauline." cried Freckles, as the boat sunk out of her grasp with a swish and a whirl of black water. Re seemed undecided. In that supreme moomwt the faithful affection of a lifetime seemed to outweigh the paalion of yestenray. "Save her," repeated Madge: "I con swim !" Rex struggled to the side of the barge. but it was too high out of the water to allow of any landing, bukrdesied as he was, too, with thel inanimate oeight of the fainting Pauline. Ho was a strog swimimer, and so by skirting the barge managed at last to goin the bank. 'Ihere he deposited his future wife. " treckle." he shouted, " make for the bank. It' nos so very tar. : go down stream a little and then come part the barge. Madge t Modg IIt wil k-vp on shouting that you may know which say to turn. Or shout, dear, and I will como out to you · No answeringahout relieved his hungry rars. "t'reckles !" he cried wildly. " Modge ! Iladge !" Still no answer, but io his ears ran to the tone of the gurgling waters. "Save 'ber; I can swim i" And with that generous tie on her dying lips Marjory's loving soul had ted out to eternity. 