CORONATION OF ALEXANDER III. Centhey Mag azote.'' The following account of the crowning of the bite Czar is by a daughter of Sir Edward Thornton, Ambassador to Bnssia:—The service began with, the Emperor's confession of faith, which was so like our own that I could follow it easily. The metropolitan came forward to hear him make it,and responded at the end, " May the grace of the Holy Ghost abide with thee." I understood comparatively little of the rest; but they say that the prayers are wonderfully beautiful. Fro m the first moment to the last the Emperor was the csntral figure. If one looked away, it was only to see how everyone was watch-' iitg him. His voice certainly trembled when he began tcr read, but it gained confidence as he went on, and he looked (as he always does, to my mind, with or without a crown) every inch an emperor. Throughout the whole service he bore himself with great dignity, and in a manner worthy "of such an occasion. After the creed' and the reading of the epistle and the gospel, he ordered the imperial mantle to be brought, which was clasped round his neck with the collar of St. Andrew, lifted the magnifi cent crown from the cushion on which it was presented, and receiving the bene diction from the metropolitan, " in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," placed it on his bead, and holding the sceptre in his right hand and the globe in his left, seated himself upon his throne, looking a very noble presentment of a czar, of all the Kussias. The Empress seemed to, have caneht something of his air, for that day a certain stateliness was added to all her charm. She was very pale, bnt I thonght that I had never seen her look more sympathetic. She now left her place, and went to kneel before her husband on a cushion which had been placed for her at his feet by Frince 'Waldemar. The Czar lifted his own crown from bis head, and placed it an instant on hers before re placing it. Then taking her crown from its bearer, he held it in place while the four Amies d'honncur fastened it securely to her head. These were Count ess Adler berg, Princess "Viasemski, Princess Kotch oubey, and one I did not know—the oldest in rauk in .Russia, I believe ; and they also helped to fasten the imperial mantle of cloth-of-gold and ermine, of I great weight. As the Czarina returned | to her place, she turned a face full of emotion to her husband and held out her hand, and. he taking it and stooping down, they kissed each other. His Majesty now received the sceptre and globe again, and Emperor and Empress stood crownc-d before their thrones and wearing the imperial mantles while the priests proclaimed the titles of the autocrat of all the Ttnsrias at fuii u..6cn, onj the beautiful Chants that followed were drowned in a clanging of hells and a noise that seemed loud enough to announce the coronation to the whole of Russia. During the singing the im perial family left their places to come and congratulate the Emperor and Empress, the little Czarevitch first. There was much embracing and plenty of tears. It was after this that, as the noise of the bells and cannon died away, the Emperor took the book from the metropolitan and knelt to pray, reading the prescribed words, he alone kneeling while priests and congregations stood. This was the prayer :—" O Lord God of our fathers, and supreme Ruler of sovereigns, who has created everything by Thy word, and in Thy wisdom bast act up man that he may govern the world in holiness and righte ousness ; Thou hast chosen me as Czar and judge of Thy people. I confess Thy inscrutable providence with regard to me ; and, in giving thanks, bow down before Thy majesty. And Thou, my Lord and God, instruct ine in the work for which Thou hast sent me ; enlighten my path and direct me in this great ministry : let the wisdom of Thy throne abide with me, send it down from Thy holy heavens, that I may know what is pleasing in Thy eyes, and what is in accordance with Thy commandments. Let my heart be in Thy hand, that I may order everything to the advantage of the people intrusted to me and to Thy glory, so that even in the day of judgmentlraay "without condemnation render my account to Thse : by the mercy and bounty of Thv only-begotten Son. with whom, and with Thv holy and good and life-giving Spirit, Thou art blessed unto the ages. Amen." As the Emperor rose - froui his knees we all knelt down, and then followed the prayer of priests and con gregation for him, led by the metropolis tan, the Emperor alone standing in the crowded church. The choirs now sang again—the beautiful, unaccompanied singing of the Greek Church, though here it had an accompaniment of all the Kremlin bells. After a magnificent Te Do urn the mass began, in which, before communicating, the Czar was to be anointed with the holy chrism (the " seal of the gift of the Holy Ghost "} on fore head, eyelids, nostrils, lips, ears, breast, and bands. The oil for this anointing is prepared by the priests with the greatest care, in vessels of silver : and they them selves fast absolutely for sixteen hours before a coronation, spending the time in prayer. After the Emperor the Em press is anointed at the holy doors, hut only on the forehead. Also in the Holy Communion she receives as an ordinary member of the Greek Church; hut the Emperor, on the day of his coronation, " in view of the sovereignty mat resides in his person," receives as the priests receive, in both kinds separately. 