Edward L. Blanchard, the Author. In his early days Edward Laman Blan chard, the author, had a hard struggle for life, and had to 'resort to many shifts to earn a few shillings, On one occasion he ventured to remonstrate with a newspaper proprietor on the smallness of his salary. “I don’t dispute it, sir,” was the reply, “ You send me a great deal of copy for fifteen shillings a week. It is small pay, but so regular 1” In the early “ forties”—Blanohard waB born in 1820—he was induced by a small printer and publisher In Holywell Street, named Bostook, to write him a novel. The venture was not unduly lucrative. “On a oertain Saturday,’’ we read in the recently pnblished “Life and Reminiscences” of Blanchard, " Bostock entered the room in whioh the author was hard at work and, with a rueful expression of countenance, said, 1 I’m'going to take a great liberty,- but oculd you lend me a little money ? I want only a pound. Mjr paper-merchant wants | something on account, and until I pay a jj trifle he won’t send ,me the ghost of a qir-ra,' >' The historian of Barnwell’n perfidious dolors * informed Mr BcBtook that he was1 stumped.’, ' Have mercy on me, Mr Blanchard. Yen | don’t know the straits of mercantile men. You’ro at work in your shirt-sleeves ; let me have yonr coat and walstooat to raise a few shillings on them. SparkB will soon close his warehense, and, if I don’t work to-morrow, we can’t get the novel out next week, and I have no paper at all. Yonr things oan be taken out a little after six, as my boy Ezsklel is going to bring home seme money,' The author took eff his walstooat, and then Betook hastily re marked, ‘ I am ashamed te make each a request, as you are so kind and affable, bat oould I beg your boots too? With an illustrated Bible up-Btairs and your things, I can easily get the sovereign.’ 1 Have yon a pair of slippers ?' 'No; bnt there’s an old rug in the next room. Can’t yon rest yonr feet on that? I’ll have everything ont at the time I’ve named.’ 1 Well, don't spoil the ship for a ha’porth of tar!’ laughingly exclaimed the author. 1 Mind, boots, waistcoat, and ooat by a quarter-past six, as I have to get up to the Yorkshire Stingo to hear Bob Glindon and Kitty Tunsfall slug.’ Bostook went away, and some time elapsed before he appeared again, His dameanoar was miserable in the extreme on re-entering the room, “ Bean a long time, Mr Bostook. How have yon got on ?’ * Awful, sir; everything seems to go wrong Sparks took the sovereign whioh I raised, but won’t send any paper. Ezekiel has been disappointed, and I’m without a shilling. Is •here anybody yen know that would advance a trifle ? I’ll go with pleasure, I want a trifle so bad.’ * Mr Bostook, let nB have no trifling. Go and get some money, and let me have my clothes.* 11 could if I had five ahillengs. Things are awfnl to contemplate. If Sparks had sent the paper, some of it might have gone for work. There’s a man who wenld lend me half a sovereign if I paid him back a crown I’m in his debt. He lives in Newcastle Street. As a last resource, Mr. Blanohard, will yon lat me have yonr treasonifor an hour ? Not longer. A crown will set me free till Ezekiel comes baok from Oripplegate, where he’a gone for five pounds. Lat me have the tronsera for an hour 1’ ‘ Do yon think that I am going to be played with any longer? My diffi culties have always been great, bnt I’m not going to fight thia rldloulona situation in a state ef semi-nudity. Go out and get relief somehow.* The hours rolled on, bnt no Bostook appeared, and the end of the matter was that Blanohard had to pass the hot night in the printer’s stuffy little offioe,*’ 