NEWS AND NOTES. THE DISTURBED PIGEONS.—On Monday morning William Keep Iwas charged with being' on the premises of James Forrester for an unlawful purpose. The Sergeant stated that the prosecutor had heard a noise in his yard on Sunday evening and went out to sec what was wrong. He found the accused crouching dow^ near a pigeon box. The accused said T^hifri it hac been cast adrift and had been picked up on the beach broken in pieces. He wa^jassing the door of house when he hea^Wtyme whispering and having his suspicions lite went into the yard to hear what was being said. He did not go for any unlawful purpose. No man in fcraldton could say anything against him. W evidence for the prosecution was called the accused was discharged. A BOY'S Coiirosmox os " Hnsra."— "Hens is curiaup animals. They don't have no nose, nor no teeth, nor no ears, swallow their vittles whole mid chew it up in their crops inside of them. The outside of hdSs is put into pillars and feather dusters. *The inside of a hen is sometimes filled up with marbles and shirt buttons and sich. A hen is very much smaller than a good many other animals, but they will dig up more plants than anything that ain't a hen." As EXPLANATION.—We reprint below a paragraph which appeared in the Homing Tost of the Sth inst. Owiuir to the omission of afull stop after the words " His Worship " our worthy Mayor considers that an insult has been directs against him, and takes exception to the paragraph in consequence. We can assure Mr. Ainsworth that no such meaning was intended by us, and that it was simply a typographical error, for which we offer our apologies. Paragraph referred to : —" There is a pleasant surprise in the supplement of the Melbourne Leader this week. I call it a surprise because I was told there was a view of Geraldton in the paper and a photo of His Worship The "Vagabond," who is supposed to be the author of the sup., and it is not a bad one cither, but the likenesa of H.S. A. and the vi- 0 w of Geraldton is a failure. Of course the latter mav have been taken before the back yards were cleaned. The absence of the fever producing material perhaps makes the town look as if it bad given up the ghost." The Shilling Shop is now open in Central Buildings ; 20,000 useful articles and novelties to be given aw M j..' Is. ea<sh. Thebest jams m ' • world are H. Joues and Co.'S I.X.JJ. lira Ask VONR GROWR for them aud have n * tlier.—Adt. DAVIES & Co.—You can have your suits stylishly cut at Davies'; best of workmanship at i owesfc pricc3 . large Btock of WO ollens just opened. DUTY OX OUTSIDE PACKAGES.—At the Chamber of Commerce meeting 1 on Monday a letter was read from the Collector of Customs re the duty on outside packages and asking for instances where the duty had been collected. The Chamber decided to furnish some instances. Mr. Alexander said the customs officers collected the duty under a regulation framed to prevent fraud. The 1893 Act overruled and repealed the old enactment. A QUESTION OF WAGES.—During the hearing of a <iase at the Police Court on Monday the Government-Resident called attention to the evidence of a witness who said his wages had been paid him in a hotel. Mr. Brown pointed out that such a proceeding was not a legal payment and that wage-earners could recover their money elsewhere. IN COUNCIL.—The adjourned meeting of the Municipal Council was held oa Monday night. A full report appears in another column. LEADER SUPPLEMENT.—With the Melbourne Leader of May 30 was issued a fortyeight page illustrated supplement, entitled "Western Australia." Admirably printed and abounding with excellent illustrations, the publication is a credit to the typographical art. The letterpress, though capably and brightly written, displays hardly so tine a sense of proportion in regard to both men and matters as could be desired. Nor would the supplement, meritorious and useful as it is in many essentials, have been less acceptable had the influence of the advertisers not been so marked in its pages. The descriptive work is from the able pen of "The Vagabond" (Mr. Julian Thomas); and for tiie illustrations Mr. E. F. Luke is responsible.—West Australian. THE CONSEEVATOB OF FOEESTS.—Mr. J. Ednie Brown, the conservator of forests, paid his first official visit to the Geraldton district last week, returning to town on Friday afternoon. The object of his visit was to inspect the country between Perth and Geraldton, and wc gather from Mr. Brown that the general appearance of the country came as a surprise to him, and that it is of a much better character than is generally supposed. Mr. Brown, on being interviewed on Saturday, informed a Scrald reporter that the jarrah limit terminates at a point a little north of Gingin, where the tree grows in only a situated farm. At the 31 -mile the natives pine grow in large numbers, but the tree is only a small one, and does not grow to anything like the dimensions it reaches in the other colonies. Some valuable timbers were met with during the trip, and Mr. Brown has a good word to say as to the capabilities of the districts visited from an agricultural point of view. Mr. Brown was accompanied by Mr. Eeane and Mr.Roberts, of the Midland Railway Company, and through the kindness of Mr Keane, Mr. Brown was able to secure, by means of the gangers on the line, a very fine collection of botanical specimens. FATHER TRACEY RECOVERING.—We are pleased to hear that Father Tracey is recovering from the accident which, occurred to him at the R.C. Presbytery recently. The Revd. Father is Buffering from a severe scalp wound, the result of a fall. Drs. Elliott and Greville were called in, and ordered his removal to the Victoria Hospital. What is the world coming to ! Only fancy what a shilling will buy in Geraldton now at the Shilling Shop ! DAVIES & Co.—Nothing like them iu W.A. Try one of Davies' suits. Large stock of new woollens just opened. DANCING CLASS.—We are requested to state that Miss Nankirell intends holding a dancing class in the Parish Room, on each Wednesday, from 3*90 to 5 o'clock in the afternoons. Terms £1 Is. per quarter. If you can't strike a reef, strike a bargain at the Shilling Shop. 