A ODDESS I EILE. [Bx PHILIP 8. WARNE.1 CHAPTER XXI.-(Continued.) " We have played a losing game. I see nothing but to make the best of our defeat.' ' What ?' cried Donna Catalina, her towering pride driving craven, fear from the field. 'Shall we be driven -from this place-to prison, perhaps? Never !' That night Mfiss Carson disappeared from the Cypresses. A note explained all that she cared to convey to her accomplices. '~Spare yourselves speculation as to where or why I have gone. Be assured my absence is not flight. When I have accomplished my pur pbse I will return. Until then I look to you to promote our common in terests. ' As for my charge, I am confident that rest is the only requisite. Let me advise you once more-send her back to her Northern home. Will you believe me when I say that you will find her love for the dead an insepar ?able obstacle to your wishes ?' On the following day Don Felipe :and Dr. Reinhardt gave themselves to a systematic search for the man known to them as Dr. Wentworth. That afternoon Agatha felt as if she -would stifle beneath that accursed roof- tree, and so went to ride, accom panied, as usual, by Pomp. 'Miss Gatty,' he said, when she had paused on an eminence to breathe her horse, and let her eye wander over the tree-tops to the shimmering sea. 'I's got somefin' powerful 'portant to communicate to ye,' 'What is it, Pomp ?' 'It's about Massa Max,' replied Pomp, eyeing her narrowly, to ob serve the effect of that name. It was marked enough. She started violently, swept her glorious eves to ward the speaker, and then flushed scarlet from chin to temple. Then, her chagrin leading her to assume a coldness and severity which was new in Pomp's experience of her, she said: 'I cannot listen to you. I am pained as well as displeased to know that you could betray one who must have deserved your love by his kind ness.' 'Oh, but dis ain't dat !' cried Pomp, eagerly. He had heard from mammy. that strange oath required of Agatha. ' Dis chile wouldn't 'tray Massa Max, no sooner'n e'd bite his own head off. Dis hyer what I was gwine to say is all right. I's only gwine to ast ye ef you was out in de grave-yard, an' ef it was you dat screamed when Massa Fillippy seen the ghost' ob Massa M·ax? Dat's all I was gwine to ast ye.' Agatha looked with a sudden glow of indignation at her servitor. 'So you have been placed as a spy upon me, have you ?' she said, falling into a sad error. 'Well, return to yoqr master and tell him to use worthier agents in the future. Hence forth I will ride alone.' During the days that followed, Agatha's solitary rides were haunted by a new spectre. Don ·Felipe had seen the ghost of Max Fenton. And he had shot at it. Agatha recalled Miss Carson's strange defiance across Max's coffin, in which she braved Don Felipe's villainy, and intimated that he and the rest rejoiced in Max's death. The hostility between these men, she inferred, was over Madalena. She knew that it was Miss Carson who had screamed. Then she recalled her wail: 'Oh, he is dead! he is dead!-that villain has killed him.' Then came her savage eagerness to prevent Agatha from seeing what the lburial-lot contained; and the blood there was no mistake about that; it was real blood. Someone had been shot-a man whom Don Felipe had mistaken for the dead and buried Max Fenton-someone whom Miss Carson mourned with an anguish only possible to a woman who loves. But Mias Carson loved the real Max. Who, then, was this other? One day these -deep meditations maste her oblivious to an approaching storm, until roused by the rush of chill wind which immediately preceded the rain-fall. Discovering a thin spiral of smoke rising above the trees, she rode into the wood which bordered the highway, and discovered a rude cabin. The door opened as she rode up, and Miss Carson appeared on the thrushold. In dismay Agatha drew rein. The next instant Miss Carson sprang for ward with a savage cry, caught Agatha's bridle-rein, and presented a pistol full at her. .-EAPTl'R XXII. ' MAX ! 1AX ! MAX, It was a moment requiring prompt and deoisivw action. For the time Miss Carson seemed insane with pas sion. Digging her spur into her horse's flank Agah- flashed her whip across the mareo's eyes. The spirited animal gathered itself up on its haunches, and gave a bound into the air, hurl ing Miss Oarson to the ground. The next instant Agatha was flying toward the highway, blinded by the great drops of rain that now pelted her in the flace. She heard cries of rage and the ring of pistol shots, but the bullets flew wileh of their mark. Her brain, was on fire. She had but one thought the mysterious cabin and what it con ~taiued. He-it must be he !-she knew it was there. Dead?. No, no-elsethat woman would not be guarding him witb such Lfrocious solicitude. Dying ? Oh, it could not be. Not he, not he. ' In a very excited state she reached home, and then sat down with her diasy head between her hands, to search for an end in the tangled skein. First, she believed that there had been a.mistake in the identity of the man who was buried. This was the easier for her, inasmuch as she had not seen the face of the dead Max. But why, being alive, had he left her, with the rest of the world, to be lieve him dead ? She could not answer that; yet she held fast to the convic tion that he loved her. And she would go to him. She was resolved upon that. Death, perhaps, stood in the way ; but she would brave it. Somehow it seemed that, once reunited with him, no human power could separate them again this side of the grave. Helpless, perhaps dying, he needed her-he was calling to her. At the mercy of that terrible woman's tiger ish love, what might she not do to him in some moment of jealous fury ? From that moment Agatha Malden's whole soul was given to the problem how to elude Max Fenton's fierce guardian and penetrate his prison. She could but ride forth every day as usual and watch for some oppor tunity when Miss Carson was away from her charge. That opportunity was not long de layed. Let us see how it came about. . For days Max Fenton lay in deli rium from the wound in his head. During that. time Miss Carson hung over him, much as a tigress might have watched a sick cub. The mask of iron immebility which she wore before the world was put aside. Day and night she watched him with a wild despair on her face. She shivered when he moaned; she winced when any contortion of face or body showed that he was in pain. Her jealous love denied him a phy sician. ' Now he is all my own,' she whispered to herself. 'They would separate us. No! no! no one shall approach him. I brought him here when that devil would have killed him. He belongs to me. I will nurse him back to life. Oh! will he see ? will he repay me a little-just a little ? It is all my life. That which others receive as their due, and hold with a careless hand, has been denied me. I alone have been faithful to him. Why-why cannot he give me a little-oh, so little would satisfy me-in return? Am I so re pulsive---.' But her plaint was lost in sobs. Loss of sleep and the unremitted strain of anxiety and conflicting emo tions made her haggard and wild-eyed. She was scarcely accountable for that mad outburst when chance sent Aga tha to her place of hiding. SShe! she ! of all creatures!' cried the distracted woman, when Agatha had escaped. I know it!-I feel it! -she is destined to rob me. No! no! the Spaniard shall remove her from my path. I will fire his blood until he dares to abduct her. If he fail, my own hand-my own hand- ' Meanwhile, under her nursing Max had so far recovered as to be conscious of his surroundings and of passing events. His immediate demand was for Horace Warwick. The woman knew that this must come, yet she clung with desperate pertinacity to her undivided possession of him. With a tenderness which could not have been surpassed by a mother's love she overbore his wealk ness and deferred the dreaded moment. But the next day he was strong enough to give her directions where to find his friend and insist upon her fetching him. With despair in her heart, she went. Horace Warwick, on his part, was in a sore dilemma. He feared that Max was dead; and yet he dared take no legitimate means of hunting him up, lest he should unwittingly frustrate the end of that unaccountable delusion of the world into the belief that he had died in the wreck. Meanwhile, Madalena was conva lescing, and, to further this improve ment, Horace took her carriage riding, and met a certain black-eyed belle into whose sovereignty May's blonde beauty had made sad inroads. Her recognition of Mr. Warwick was most elaborate; and the way herblack eyes fastened upon M?adalena was a revela tion in that malicious delight which ladies occasionally indulge, when they get each other in chancery, so to speak. ' My dear,' was her effusive saluta tion of May, not two hours later-she hadn't let the grass grow under her feet-' I've had a charming ride. And whom do you think I met, in the company of the most beautiful lady I think I ever saw ? Not your style, dear, nor mine, quite; but with great, dark, Spanish eyes, con trasting with an interesting pal lor. "The beautiful convalescent," I dubbed her, on the spot. But I have never seen her in society. You ely- boots!-why have you never told me that you and Mr. Warwick had such a Peri hidden away in your sylvan Paradise, somewhere ? But you Northern ladies are so strange. I should die of jealousy if I kIrnew that my husband was driving alone with so dangerous a rival. WVhat confidence you must have in his loyalty, or in your own powers of fascination, my dear. Ah! you cold-blooded North erners!' And the speaker shook her curls merrily ; but her laughing eyes never lost a change in May's countenance. But abs was disappointed. This little woman, so weakr, so almost childish, in all else, developed on the instant a Spartan fortitude in hiding the deepest wound she had over re coived in her life. Until that moment she had never dreamed of her hlisband's, having a secret fromin her, aside from business matters, in which she took no interest, and could not have understood any way. But while that malicious tongue was dropping its poisoned honey, she recalled an air of anxiety, a lack of freedom in some of his answers, and a slight touchiness of temper, which she had vaguiely at tributed to the vexation of that mys terious business which had kept her husband so much from her side. But instead of betraying that the shaft head pierced her heart of hearts, she looked her guest in the eye, and said, gravely: 'I hope that you will not refer to the subject before Horace, dear. It is a very sad case, and has caused us all great pain. The lady is an invalid in heart as well as in body. If my husband can do anything to ease her suffering, far be it from me to grudge so little out of my abundance.' Oheckmate for Miss Mischief-maker. She stammered her sympathy,and was readr to tear her hair at what she supposed her false step. When May got alone she had half an hour of such weeping as had never come into her life before. Then a sudden thought came to her, bringing a strange calm. She removed every trace of agitatioh, dressed with con summate care, and, when the dinner brought her husband, received him with her wonted sweetness. Horace, who had been 'on the ragged edge' all day, breathed easier. No mischief had been done yet, he said to himself. Ah! had he known? The following day Miss Carson rode up to Madalena's retreat on horse back. Horace went to 'the door. 'Is this Mr. Warwick ?' she asked. '*It is.' 'Have you a saddle-horse ready for immediate use ?' 'Certainly.' ' I am sent to conduct you to your friend, Mr. Fenton.' 'What! Max?' cried Horace, for getting himself in the excitement of this abrupt announcement. Miss Carson did not reply. Her eyes had become suddenly fixed in the rigidity of one in a fit. They were looking beyond Horace. He turned to see what had so markedly affected her. In the doorway behind him stood MLadalena, her face reflecting the stony expression of Miss Carson's. 'In Heaven's name!' cried Horace springing to her. She clutched his arms in a vice-like grip, and staring into his eyes, de manded: ' He is alive ?-he is alive ?' But. before he could answer she uttered a piercing scream, and threw herself backward on the floor in a strong fit of hysteria. Lifting her into his arms, he bore her into her chamber. When he had placed her on the bed he found Miss Carson already at his side, she having leaped from her horse and entered the house. With wild, incredulous eyes, this strange woman gazed upon the rigid form and contorted face of the victim of her treachery, muttering to her self: 'Alive, alive!' Aloud she said: 'This fit is of no consequence. Her attendant here will tell you so. Do not let it delay your going to your friend. For days he has been de lirious from a pistol wound, so that I could not learn of your whereabouts. Now his anxiety to see you is so great that I fear the consequences of return ing without you.' Giving the writhing Madalena into the care of her nurse, Horace lost no time. The moment he had joined Miss Carson in the saddle, he said: ' Tell me all about my friend. I knowthat he was wounded, but nothing further.' 'I cannot now,' replied Miss Carson. 'I have another errand to combine with this. You must ride on alone to a certain point which I will designate, where I will join you.' Then she directed him carefully and left him. Alone, she spurred her horse and rode like the wind. 'She must be removed at all hazards!' she kept repeating to her self. 'How could they have so bun gled ? Alive! alive!' Never drawing rein until she dashed up the entrance of the Cy presses, her horse gasping and reek ing with sweat, this woman, of iron and ice externally and of molten lava within, strode past Don Felipe, who came in amazement to the door to ad mit her, and entered the picture gallery, where Donna Catalina sat bolt upright in her Queen Anne chair, and Dr. Reinhardt stood on the hearth with lowering brows. The three plotters had been holding very gloomy counsels. They knew not in what direction to look for the blow which might fall at any moment without an instant's warning. 'Well, what have you done ?' de manded Miss Carson, looking from Dr. Reinhardt's sullen visage to Don Felipe's fear-hunted face. 'Nothing,' said the latter, dejec tedly. ' You have not traced the men who despoiled the grave of its dead ?' 'No.' ' Well, I have done better than that.' ' What have you done ?' oried Don Felipe, eagerly, while his mother started forward in her chair. 'I have traced her whom they removed.' ' 'Madalena's body ?' ' ?Madalena, alive and well.' ' Por dioz.' Donna Catalina sprang to her feet. 'Alive !-alive!' she gasped. ' We must regain possession of her,' said Dr. Reinhardt, coolly. 'Senor Oarrera, it put you in vone awkward position. It vill not do to remote her again soon.' Don Felipe ground his teeth with glittering eyes. 'Where is she ?' he asked. Miss' Carson directed him to the locality, and explained Madalena's un protected condition . (To be o6ntinu~d.) 