THE STORYTELLER. JLHiii LriloJLJLg.0 UrUUoJL. T When I had finished up my evening at the Faubourg, I stepped across the street to where Pigault was giving his card party. It was not a grand hotel as things go. The rooms were fairly well appointed, but there wero not enough candles to show them off. The gupsts seemed quiet for the most pare, but there were some wrinkled brows, and some muttered curses to be heard, and hero and thore some reckless player seemed rapidly approaching the maudlin. I took a seat almost unnoticed In the first room to try what my lucky star woum ao ior me. I took little notice of my opponents, bat I had scarcely won half a dczan crowns ?when the host camo up and seized upon me. After a little conversation, he made shift to draw me into an inner room, where two men were sitting with the cards between them. One rose immediately and took his leave, the other I recognised in' the fl-sh of an eye as Bassompierre. He drummed his hand impatiently on the table and hummed a fragment of Lasso's drinking song, as Pigault ushered me in and closed the-door. 'This is the Sieur de L'Ory,' said Pigault. I bowed, and the Marshal rose to salute me with all the gallant air and perfect oourtesy for which he was celebrated ; when Pigault had gone, I drew up to the table, for I had never bad the opportunity of playing with this man yet. ' This meeting is most fortunate, M. de L'Ory,' faid the Marshal after a pause. ?' I have been over to Vichot's bal maeqae, but I did not find you.' ' You wished to see me,' said I incredu lously. ' I have a special message to give you,' said he smiling in his delicate fashion. 'From whom?' *' From M. le Cardinal.' Mon Dieu ! but my first thought was that he was jtfstiDg. Then as the reality came home to me I seemed to see the candles dance in their sockets, and to feel the floor wheel round and round ; in fact, I cannot precisely desiribe to you *he effect which those four simple words had upon me, simple as words, deep, mysterious, and ominous as naming the first man in France, the man of craft and subtlety, the man with power to hang at discretion for offences past and present. I grasped the table firmly, and fixed my gaze upon the Marshal, who was examining his finger tips as though the message meant nothiog worse thin an invitation to the banquet. ' And the message ?'' said I calmly, although my voioe seemed to come from an amazing distance. Bassompierre looked up, and his smile ?was the tiniest bit broader. ' The message,' said he, ' is merely that you will wait upon M. le Cardinal at noon to-morrow.' And he looked at his fingers again, and twisted the cards about on the table, but I ?was not in the mood to play with him now, and we drifted into ordinary conversation. Bassbmpierre talked well, it was part of hiB province to do so. I have heard it said that he was the finest talker we have bad since Mayenne's time, but on this point I will not venture any opinion. I paid little heed to what he said, and his arguments began to burn themselves out for want of ????' fuel on my side. He saw this and rose to g° 'Adieu, M. de L'Ory, you will not for get to wait upon Monseigneur,' and away he went with his gracious smile, and step of velvet. I now roGQ and stretched my arms, : resolutely banishing this affair from my mind, and went to the tables ; nor had I forgotten how to play my cards. There were Btill some flushed with success who looked eagrrly for fresh prey, and it wa3 my pleasure to wait upon these gentlemen. I think I may say that the ple-asura was chit fly on my side, for having cleaned them out one and all, they went away with very blauk facoe, and I will warrant with many secret resolutions to abjure play in future. Without counting my gains, I knew I had never made a better thing of it anywhere, and I rtjoicod in if, not for the value of the money merely, but as a kind of revenge against the inexorable fate which had willed mo to wait upon M. le Cardinal on Uio morrow. Ao it was now nearly three o'clock 1 took lay leave. I iind a good half-hour'o Vvtilk before mo to rny lodging in. the $U}0 Gauohe, but I made no hurry, walking slowly, and looking to right and loft, and keeping a sharp eye, as my custom was j sharper than usual, in fact, for as I left the house I thought I saw Oouht de Soissona pass very closely muffled up. I have never liked Soissons, and I am sure that since tha fracas on the Place Royal he would have done his best to ruin me. Besides this there were desperadoes about who would even have set upon the Sieur de L'Ory did they know of the Bum he carried with him on this occasion. The streets I traversed were empty and lonely as might be, for at this hour half Paris, the quiet and decorus half, was asleep. Paris, in fact, had been rather quiet of late, since the execution of Marshal Marillac, for I do not think my own little affair had caught the public ear. I had my doubts of Soissons, for he had a decided geciua for intrigue, and he was known to be in satiable in matters of revenge. Two or three times, as the trees waving about threw strange, shadows on the pavement, I glanced back and laid my hand upon my sword hilt. All was tranquil, however, and I walked without opposition the whole length of the Bue Trieste, ooming oat nearly opposite the Hotel de Ville. As I turned the corner, still going westward, I caught sight of a cloaked figure standing at the corner of the Piace de Greve, just under the lamp, in fact and as I looked he was joined by another mufflad figure, whom I immediately recognised by his gait as the Count de Soissons. Tb.6y spoke together for a moment and then walked away east ward. As I had kept well in their view I felt sure that it was not upon me that they had design?, and I pondered over the ques tion as I strode on to my lodging?. Bat when I reached my room I felt little inclined to go to bed. I pulled off my shoes and doublet and substituted my cloak, for the night was chilly. I sat down before the empty hearth and though*. What could this man want with me 1 What could I have done to incur his displeasure ? I had fought no duel in Paris of late ; it is true that I pinked three of the knaves in the night fracas, but then it was to the interest of the ringleaders, Soissons in;} eluded, to keep this quiet. The one bar on the scutcheon was that I killed De Beriot down at Versailles the month before last; now I came to think of it his brother had sworn vengeance upon me. It was 'over those cursed cards — I had half a micd to eschew cards — but then, why not halfa dozen pikes and a formal arrest, eight and forty hours in the Bicetre or the Abbaye. No, no, the law was not administered in this way ; it must mean business j perhaps it wo aid be the making of me. And so I quieted my feelings and lay down on my bed, but through the snatches of rest ran a vein of uneasiness, and I tosted hither and thither, and horrible dreams came to me of the Sieur de L'Ory being . burned on the Place de Greve, with M. le Cardinal and Soissons to light the pile. This gave place to the torture chamber, and I saw the knaves heating the pincers to tear my flesh with ; thirdly, I pictured myself continually trying to escape from Paris, and each time I was met by De Beriot with a flaming sword in his band. Mon. Dieu ! I was quite thankful when I opened my eyes and saw the sun streaming through the blinds. I shivered as I rose, and my faea in the glass seemed distinctly to belong to somebody else. I ordered breakfast, and tried to persuade myself that I was quite in my u-iual spirits j I 1 lso tried to eat, but it was a failure. I went back to my room, flinging the door to with a crash, and began to rout put my clothes. I bad risen so late, and took bo long1 over my toilet that it was fully time to start when I had finished. And then, dressed with special care in my suit of black velvet slashed with gold, my silken hose, my gay hat with its ostrich plume, and my scarlet clo&k;, 1 sallied forth to the Palais. I met few who knew me on the way. It was too early for most of the gallant night birds, and my acquaintance, be it said, lay chiefly among them. I felt a little out of hand myself, and now that I was so near the place my new-born recklessness oozed out at the finger ends. I had to tell myself many times over that I was Guez de L'Ory who would not lose hie dignity for any man, and whose fame at the sword point stood second to none. For above half an hour I waited in an ante-chamber of the Palais. I was alone, for the page, on learning my name, had led, me hero opart from the crowd, and so I waited while the clients surgod outside on the stairs, sometimes striding up and dowr, sometimes looking out. of the window, and more than once wishing nothing bettor than to jump out of it ar*d take ^orseaway from Paris, but here I was, and here be Was — I waited and waited. And at last the door opened. ' M. de L'Ory— this way.' I followed with my heart in my mouth, and the passage seemed a mile in length. The moment, however, that I was actually ineide the aadienoe chamber my feelings ' changed, for I knew that the man was in Ills better humor ; his eyes had lost dome thing of their brooding fierceness, and his brow was unbent. I do not remember ever having been bo close to him except once, at the Court of the Louvre, the night before the murder of the Marshal D'Ancre. He smiled when he saw me, and, faitb, he might well hav* known Guez de L'Ory, if that is all. 'You have bsen recommended to me, M. L'Ory,' eaid he, 'as the beat man for my purpose.' I had got back so much of my old self that I would have faced the devil without the turning of a hair, I bowed uncon cernedly, and placed with the inlaid hilt of any rapier. . ^ 'You will first understand,' he con tinued, ' that this is a secret mission.' I pricked up my ears, and gave him back his look, and bowed again. . ' I hope,' said he, with a return of his cold ferocity, ' that you understand the expression — one word on the subject wM cost you your neck.' J?6i the third time I bowed. I was perfectly in hand, and even rather listless. The simple discovery that it was not for past offences that he wanted me had entirely altered my train of thought. . » He was silent for a moment. 'Da you know La SilleT he asked. Then my heart began to thump. Know La, Salle — who did not ? Mon Dieu I «? Yes, your Excellency.' ' What is the distance ?' .' About twelve leagues.' He fixed his eyes steadily upon me, so steadily that scarce the movement of a muscle could have escaped him, for he doubtless knew something of the place, and ?was not sorry to have this opportunity of testing me, but I stood my ground without flinching. ' You will go to La Salle,' said he slowly and distinctly. ' You will reach there by ten o'clock at the latest, and you ?will wait there during the night.' I answered again mutely, and waited for v what was to follow. He had leaned back in his chair, joining his hands within the long sleeves of his xobe, and his brows were heavily knitted — I waited, and waited. ' Have you any more instructions for me ?'' I asked at length. ' Yon will wait there,' said he impa tiently. ' For how long ?' I hazarded. 'As to that you must use your own judgment. lean tell you nothing more. You will report to me to-morrow on the matter.' My oue prevailing thought was that the man was playing with me, and a thousand times I cursed my ill f jrtune at being en trusted with such an absurd commission. I saluted and turned towards the door. « M. de L'Ory.' I turned. ??'.-. ' One thing more, you may use your sword as you think fit. I will take the responsibility.' And there was a distinct smile on his face as he rose and moved over towards the window. I bowed again and left him. How I got out into the street I am un able to tell you. I stood for a minute looknig round, and feeling like one half Awake ; my first thought was to go back and refuse pointblank to carry out the mission. I had even turned to retraoa my steps, before I remembered whom I was dealing with. As for the Chateau de La Salle, I do not think there was a man in Paris or out, knowing its story, who would have under taken the business single-hinded. To stop a night there is said to have turned a man's brain. My nerves are above the average, but I will admit that my faoe lengthened considerably at the prospect of it. With a heavy heart I trod the streets to my lodging, and made haste there to change my gay clothes, and replace my rapier with a broadsword, then my horse and pistols, and half an hour after leaving the Palais I was on the road. I had no very oharming thoughts for company ; overy step I took away from Pari3 seemod to be on my heart. I gazad back often to try and catch a glimpso of \- the city, and sight over it. Now I como to look back I think my ili*contant was rather at having to leave Paris just then, thin for any fours which mv mission h$d called np, ' and by and by when I had got out into the open country, T began to feel a great relief that M. le Cardinal had said nothing about Beriot, nor the Bicetre, even La Salle was batter than the Bicetre. And so en avant. II. It was a little after eight o'clock wben I rode into the village of La Salle, and drew my relu at the inn, where I was well known and recognised, and five minutes later I was sitting in the common room at my supper. I was glad of it, for I had ridden up with only a stop at Versailles, and the wine, if it were not Chambertir, would fortify me for my night's work. I meant following out Monsieur le Cardinal's instructions to the letter, and also as to the sword play If there were need of it. But it was his motive that puzzled me, for in the absence of any other it looked as if he were putting me here to lay the ghost of the Chateau ; that there was one had never been doubied. About a- year back one Jean Cloud had gone to watch there, having made a bot with a fellow villager ; not returning in the morning, a search party was sent to the house, and the man found dead in the great hall. The affair created a perfect panic in the village, and the place was Bhunned from that time forth. The townspeople woujd not even pass it after dark if thev could help it The story goes that the Count de La Salle and his nephew had both fallen in love with Made moiselle de Langnac, that she bad favoured the Count, but the other, finding himself ousted, had murdered his uncle in his bed, and then taken flight. I should explain, however, that there was no doubt about the etory ; the doubt was about tha appear aoca of the ghost. However, I cared as little for such non sense as any brave man need. I carved my bird and drank my wine, and promised mysalf a score of diversions when I got back to Paris. I was in the middle of an ecstatic picture of the ' bal masque,' and of Mademoiselle de Brieuv's bright eyes, when I became aware that it was time to start. Leaving my horse at the inn, I turned out into the street, and walked away east ward. The village folk seemed early abed, for I found scarcely a light the whole length of the streot. I soon cleared it, and took my way along the dark road, wbioh looked specially gloomy somehow, for the moon waa hidden by the scudding canopy ?-f grey cloud, and a few drops of r.iia foil at intervals ; upon cither aide of me Btrotcbod tho opoa meadows and. com;Gt4n]3j wild and luxuriant, for tha harvest wag a late one owing to the heavy rains, and no* yet gathered. There was no sign of habi tation after leaving the village, nor did I meet anyone on the way. I trudged on thoughtfully, wondering what they were doing at Yiohot's, and whether Bissom pierre was in the secret of this wonderful mission of mine. At last I came to tbe black sheer of the wood, and found tbe path. I knew the place well, and then eB I moved along in the darkness of tho grest green walls, and passed from ride to ride, I felt that I had indeed cut connection with the villpge, and that the business lay alto gether between the Chateau and myself. For a nervous man the mere walls through the wood, the dead ghastly silence, broken only by the cracking of a dry branch under your feet, the utter feeling of oolitude, and of being cut off as it were from all human communication, would have been quite enough. The huge shadows across the path looked like moving figures, and tho screech of the night owl sounded dismal above all things. I was walking for full half an hour before the outline of the house 'stood out before mo. It was a high, gloomy, fosse-like building, of an aspect which fully bore out its reputation. I stood still for a minute looking up at tho baw, spectral windows, and the gloomy prison front, and feeling the hushed horror of the spot and its history growing into my very bones. Had I stood so much long&r; I might have run away and disgraced my reputation for ever. I did neither, but I mounted tho steps and tried the door, which was as firm as a stone wall, and then, standing out upon the stone balustrade, I smashed in the nearest window with the pommel of my sword. With the weapon in ray teeth I sprang and c'ambered upon the sill, and bofora you could couat five I was in the room. I had not got over my horror yet, and as I stood listening to the echoes c-f my heavy boots upon the poHsbed floor, I realised with something like a shudder that I was actually inside the Chateau de la Sallo, to spend the night there — and alone. Well, I struck a light with my tinder box, and, with the candle flaming high, I made a tourof the apartment. Ifc might have passed for anything, for the greater part of the furniture had been removed. I opened the door and woat out into tho passage, see ing ray own shadow like another man upon tho fl ior, and hearingonly the tap of my own footsteps. I entered i.ho first room I cama to, which tui'uecl out to bo a very fiuo recep tion phataborj t&Q.; potting aud w&Ua; elo qantly frescoed, and the furniture of a quaint carving, I also noticed that a heavy velvet arras bung in tha left-hand corner j upon floor, and chair, and couch, and table, iay the dust and mildew of well nigh a dozin years. As I stood at the threshold looking round, something flapped agaitsfc my faoe— and flapped and flew away again. The shock of it brought a cold thrill to my heart ; but the next minute I smiled at my own fears. A bat — to be frightened by a bat! I went out, shutting the door, and strode on down the passage. The next room I tried was locked. I shook and rattled tbe handle, but it did not give way, so without more ado I kicked the door open. Ifc was on the same scale as the last, though l&rger; if anything.: I had vague notions of making a fire,' and, after hunting in the cupboard, I found some logs, and a dismantled candelabra nearly half full. I set my light upon the mantel, throwing off my cloak, and soon had a good blaze on the hearth. My faith 2 how ifc played upon the oak panel ling, the velvet curtains browned with dust, the heavy furniture worn, and the pictures on the wall dim. I was glad to hear the crackling of the fire, as it sounded almost like a companion. Examining tbe walls, I found portraits of Marshal Biron and the Duke of Mavenne as he appeared after the' battle of Ivry ; the others were unrecognis able through their mildew. Opening the window I found that the room locked out upon the wood at the east side of the stepp, ?? and was only about a dczen fset from' the/ ground ; then when I bad raised- the chf tains to ascertain that they concealed' no door, I wrapped my cloak around me and flung myself into an arm chair by the hearth to keep my vigil. And a weary one ifc was, with the door half open, every flap of the leaves against the stair windows, every hoot of the howl at the back, every rustling of the Lat's wings as it flew round the hall, coming to me with painful distinctivenees. How I longed for morning, how I cursed the 'man for sending me on this fool's errand ; if I, - had only had a comrade, or a human soul to speak to, even a dog would have been good company. And still tbe time crept on, and there was nothing to be done ex cept to watch the shadows flickering on the wall and mend the fire and turn : my thoughts to Paris — and wait. But as the hours crept on I grew more restless, and above all I was consumed with the idea of visiting the scene of the tragedy which had brought bo dark a reputation upon the bouse. The thought grew until t felt that I could not sit in this room ' idle any longer. I threw off my cloak, tossing it on the chair, and then with the light in my hand I went out and began to 'ascend the stair. Up I went, up and up, and each step I seemed to raise a thousand echoes.' Onca started to see the bright patch of light at the top,Kor the moon had peeped through the window. I stole along the wide cor ridor and turned the handle of tbe first door. It gave way, creaking loudly upon its rusty binges, and I held my light alt.fc at tho threshold with a start that made the - warm wax drip over my fingers. It was fche reflection in the mirror which starlled me. I went in, leaving the door slightly (vjar, and was met with the same stifling smell of mildew. A glance showed me that I had found what I sought. The bed. was stripped, the hangings and eanopy twisted back over the tester, and T. will - confess that when my eye lit upon tha immense sfain that crossed the floor at- the - bedside I felt a cold sbiver run down my back. With it oama a whole legion of sickening memories, and I should not have been in tho least surprised to see the corpsa with its fearful wound risa up before' me. I turned my back and crossed the floor, breathing hard. My hand was on the door when I heard — what 1 Ah ! it was just that quostion which caught my breath, and sent the blood sing ing to my ears, a pause in which I could hear the hammering of my pulses, and then it came again, the soft brushing of a footstep along the passage, closer and closer, step by step, aad then it stopped at the threshold. ' My friends, I have been tried in tbe fire ; I faced the Hugenofcs with a handful of troops ia Lingueiloe ; I p'auted tb.9 Royal flag upon tbe walis of Pignerol with Ibe musketry roaring rouad me ; I killed the champion of Brienno ; fought feoissons on the Pjlais li iyale, and ovetcame his band of hired vaffitns einqle-handed and by she&r; fovco of skill. You may thick, therefore, ttt«t I do not confos3 thia without a struggle. T ^as for oue mooiont utterly speechless, and kt^siisoi with horror atj this thing. ? i M i iMWMiiiwiniiiiwiiiriin— mim^— MI— IMMH 