LITERATURE. A MOUNTAIN CAMPAIGN/ A new style of military chronicle has come in, owing its origin, undoubtedly, to the note struck by Mr. Rudyard Kipling. After every fresh expedition we shall henceforth, it seems, be supplied with " snappy " narra tives written by any officer of subordfhate rank who has a taste for using his pen, the forethought to keep, a fairly minute record of the incidents in camp and field, and the knack of throwing his materials together in readable form. However small the force, it is very evident that there will always be one officer at leaBt willing and qualified to oblige in this way. Major Daden- Powell performed the task most pleasantly in the case of the recent Ashantee expedition; Lieutenant Beynon has similarly commemorated the arduous and plucky march made by Colonel Kelly's slender column to the relief of Chit ral. The principal charm about sketches of this kind is their brightness and the exu berant high spirits in which they are written. The writers introduce us with frank unceremoniousness into their little camp circle; we march with them, mess with them,.hear with a good deal of pleasant flip pancy about the trials and the humours of the campaign, find their exploits chronicled but with becoming reserve, and their jokes and badinage served up afresh in the naive confidence that what so usefully beguiled the toil and tedium of the march will have a like cheery effect upon the reader. So in truth it has. We become infected with the buoyancy and slap-dash energy of Lieu tenant Beynon's narrative, and inclined upon the whole to vote his little book as good fun, as he and his comrades evidently considered their hazardous mountain march from Gilgit to the frontier fort, where Dr. Robertson's small garrison were holding out against their besiegers. It was an exciting few weeks at the begin ning of last year, during which the fate of the defenders of Chitral hung in the balance. The Mehtar Nizam-ul-Mulk was murdered early in January. Without delay Surgeon Major Robertson, the political agent at Gil git, set off for the disturbed state, taking with him a force of Kashmir Rifles, and such other troops, Sikhs, Bengal Sappers, and native levies «s-^o)ild be hurried for ward from'frontier., ^pp^Those who got there were quickly beleaguered, and a small contingent off Sikh?* .under Captain Ross, were eompleifelV^&t;'ni# en Refute, Lieutenant Jones and 14 Sepoys only Surviving out of j a force of 7ft men, ,Theo,' as will be re- j membered, there waa-a race. A strong and . well-equipped Indian force, under General; Low, was collected to advance northwards j from Peshawur, but, meanwhile, Colonel Kelly, with a" flyingocolumn of a few hun dred men only, essayed the long march west-. wards from Gilgit tb'Ghitral, over the snow encumbered ShanduT Pass, 12,320ft. above sea level. This coluum won by several days,, and, although the siege of Chitral had been ' raised by a native ally before the Pioneers and Punyal levies, led by Colonel Kelly, j reached the fort, yet to them belonged the j honours of the campaign. They had two sharp engagements in almost inaccessible cliff country, and accomplished the marvel lous feat of crossing in mid-winter a range impassable even to hill ponies, and carrying with them by hand-transport two mountain guns. A mere handful of British officers led this venture, with the exception of the commander and Captain Borrodaile, none being over subaltern rank; but frontier war fare soon puts wise heads upon young shoulders. Four hundred men of the 32nd Pioneer Regiment and from 100 to 150 native levies (Hunza, Nagar, and Punyal) made up the little force, and difficult it was to find food and transport for even that number. They marched without tents, the men running up their waterproof sheets during the first two nights for shelter from the heavy rain. The officers, even if they managed to crowd into the smothering atmosphere of a native hut in which cows and goats had a right of joint occupancy, were in little better case. But to these youngsters the whole affair seems to have presented itself in the light of a particularly enjoyable picnic party. 'We got into camp, as a rule, some time in the afternoon, and then indulged in tea and chupatties; whisky was precious, and kept for dinner, which' took place at dusk. Sometimes "when we got into camp late, dinner and tea were merged into one; how ever, it made' no odds, we were always readjf to eat when anything eatable came along. The mess provided some camp tables, and most of us managed to bring a camp stool, so wc were in the height of luxury. After dinner a pipe or two, and then we turned in; we generally managed to get some grass to put under our blankets, but if we didn't I. don't think it made much difference; we were all young, and used to sleeping out on the hillside after game, frequently above the snow line. . . . The Pioneers bad brought four ducks; they were carried in a basket along with the iness stores. Brown ing- Smith (the doctor), who ran "the mess ing, got quite pally with these ducks, and as soon as they wereietout of their basket he used to call them, and off they would waddle after him in search of a convenient puddle. I forget when those ducks were eaten, but I don't remember them at Ghizr, and am sure they didn't cross the pass." As this Shandur Pass was neared, the little army had need for all the spirit and resolution it could master. On the very verge of the ordeal, 1Q0 coolies, upon whom the column was dependent for transport, bolted incontinently daring the night. The advance guard, which was already on the march, had to be recalled to camp and a hunt after the fugitives instituted. Some were rounded up within 15 miles, but few, and. the force had tqbe launched upon its venture with six days' rations, only barely enough if all went well- to carry it to Mastuj, the next fort, communications with which, ♦Nith Kelly to Chltrol. By Lieut. W. G. L. Bcynon, ard Goorkfaa Rifles. London; Edward AmcM. ~ Helbournet -Ataiirge Robertson and Sons moreover, had been cut off by the enemy for* some time past. One attempt was made and failed. Neither on sledges nor mules could, the guns and reserve ammunition (which the expedition dared not abandon) be dragged along a track on each side of which the men sank to their waists in snow. "Poshteens", or sheepskin coats were worft by the troops, and "chuplies" (a kind of native sandal with a leather sock), whiles nearly all were provided with green "goggles," their only salvation against snow blindness. With generous unselfishness two of the officers, Stewart nud Gougli, gave their glasses to sepoys under their command who happened to ■ be without them, and the result was that for days after Shandur was crossed these officers had to spend most of their time over basins of hot water, dabbing their aching eyes. Even animals suffered from the same cause. Of the spotted bull terrier who accom panied him on the march, Lieutenant Beynon relates that "poor Bill" was so anow blind that his eyes had to be forced open and bathed every morning before lie could see his way about. Persistent falls of snow doubled the difficulty of attacking the pass, and the announcement by a native ally that there was a mullah in the village possessed of an infallible charm for stopping the snow proved entirely delusive. The mullah, being stimulated by a couple of rupees on account, did a good deal of pray ing, but ineffectually, and the force had to try shovelling instead. Even the mullah's spade was pressed into the service. Eventually, guns, wheels, and carriages were actually carried by hand across some 20 miles of deep soft snow by about 250 Hindus and Mussulmans, encouraged by the splendid example of a handful of British officers, who took turn and turn with their men at the burdens. "It must be remembered (says the author) that these sepoys were carrying also their own rifles, great-coats, and 80 rounds of ammunition; they had slept for two nights in the snow, and struggled from dawn till dark, sinking at every step up to their waists, and suffering acutely from a blinding _ glare and a bitter wind. Strange as it may seem, the men suffered greatly from thirst, and, from some mis taken idea of becoming violently ill if they did so, they refused to eat the snow through which they were floundering." By this memorable march the column i gained a position from which they could work or fight their way down, as the chance might be, to Mastuj, and thence to Chitral. So incredulous were the Chitralis of the possibility of the pass being crossed I that at the first village, Laspur, letters were { found stating that the British force was lying at Ghizr, the men unable to move from frost-bite, and the officers from snow- j blindness. At Chakalwat, some days' march from Mastuj, the first fight took place in a deep gorge, with precipitous hills on either side j intersected by nullahs, or what would be called canons in America. On one bank of the river-bed at the bottom of the gorge the enemy were entrenched in a series of "san-1 gars," which are well-constructed breast works of stone. These rude forts dotted the spurs high up on the right of their main position, and on the heights to the left were men posted to roll down rocks on the ad vancing force.. Nevertheless, the attack was completely successful at very small cost. Lieutenant Beynon, who acted as j staff-officer to Colonel Kelly, made what' was evidently a very cool reconnaisance of { the enemy's position the day before, lo-1 eating exactly most of the "sangars." Early 1 the next morning he, with 50 Hunza levies, left camp and scaled the steep slopes to the enemy's right, with the intention of out flanking the position. After a little firing, in which none of his small contingent were hit, the Chitralis were driven from" their "sangars" on the hillside, and meanwhile Colonel Kelly's main body had opened the attack prettily on the lower ground. An hour's action, in which the only casualties! on the British side were a few Pioneers wounded, sufficed to send the enemy, who were armed with Martini and Snider rifles,; in full flight from their defences. This engagement, and one rather morel severe at Nisagol, beyond Mastuj, in which the column lost eight killed and 16 wounded, j constituted the only fighting achievements of the force. Both actions were fought inj the same kind of country and under much the same conditions. The good- dispositions of the officers and the steadiness of the Sepoys won the day in each case. The native levies seem to have been zealous, and plucky too, although, naturally, not so use ful. Their behaviour in action is piquantly described as follows:— "The section commanders used to give the word to load in their own language, hut the order to fire was 'fira vollee,' and they were supposed to fire on the wordjvollee.'! If any man fired before the order—and they: frequently did—the section commander used to rush at the culprit and slap him, severely on the nearest part of him. As the i levies were lying down the slaps were— on the usual place." \- Gratifying as waB the termination of these brushes with the enemy, it is easy enough for mountain warfare of this kind to end differently. The disaster to the force under Ross and Jones at Koragh a few weeks earlier occurred through the Sikhs finding themselves in a defile com manded By "sangars" at the further end, which their small force was unequal to. clearing out. Sending back a detachment in haste to hold the passage by which they had entered, the Chitrali were found to have already run up "sangars" there too. Of a. file of 10 men under Jones who rushed these defences eight were immediately knocked over. Caught like rats in a trap, the 50 survivors defended, themselves for a day* and a half in caves under the cliffs, making one futile attempt to traverse the precipice paths above. Then the word was given for a desperate attempt to cuta way opt, which waa made at. 2 a.m. The few who reached the "sangars" drove the eneijiy out qpicklynt the point of the bayonet, but most fell, amongthem Captain Row himself,, shot through the bead, atter pis tolling four of the enemy. Lieutenant Jones and a handful of Sikhs, mostly wounded, alone escaped to tell the tale. The engagement at Jiisa Gol practically cleared the road to Chitral, but with the memory of such a catastrophe before biin, .Colonel Kelly was not to be caught nap ping. The column advanced with every caution through the treacherous country, those natives who were still at. their front falling gradually back after being twice dis comfited, and never venturing upon another stand. Most of the petty chiefs, in fact, "caine in" from time to time, and were promptly required to furnish proofs of their repentance by producing supplies aud means of transport, the failure'of which was perhaps the most serious danger con fronting the little force Although it was a relief to hear, when ncaring Chitral, that the long suspense was over, and the gar rison safe, it was rather melancholy tidings which Dr. Robertson's first messenger brought to the advancing troops. Slier Afzul had fled on the night of the 18th April, and the siege was raised. , Rut the ordeal had been a severe one. Out of 370 combatants in the Chitral fort, 104 had been killed or wounded during the dogged defence they had maintained since Janu ary. Dr. Robertson himself and Captain Campbell were among the severely wounded; Captain Raird, an old comrade of the officers of the relief force, had fallen. Happily as it ended, theFe has been no more critical siege than this in Britain's "little wars" for a long time past. Ragged and disreputable as were Colonel Kelly's men when they marched in, the remnant of the defenders whom they found-*Tfiustered in front of the main gate were worse. The Kashmir troops, who were able now for the first time for monms to camp outside, fairly revelled in the fresh air after the poisonous atmosphere v.c the fort. "Poor chaps," writes Lieutenant Beynon, " they were walking skeletons, bloodless, and as quiet as the ghosts they resembled, most of them reduced to jerseys and garments of any description, but still plucky and of good heart." Indeed, one more satisfactory proof of the staunchness of our Indian troops appears to have been the principal gain to set against tne losses of the Chitral campaign. 