IPRECKLEM. Br LauA Csxnuaa. ' Madge, 'Meg, where are you. I say, Madge !' ' What do you want ?' 'You, of course; what else do I ever want ! Where are you ?' ' Up in the apple tree, of course ! Where else do I ever get,when I don't want to be disturbed ?' 'Then come down.' 'What for ? Can't I finish -my chapter ?' ' No, come at once; I want to'tell you something.' ' Here, then, catch the book.' And she dropped a copy of much used ' Asphodel' out from the gnarled old branches of the lichen grown apple tree over in the further corner of the orchard. Rexingham Hurtley had by this time singled out the favourite resting place of the girl, and now stood beneath the tree in readiness to help her down or to catch her should she jump. The open book descended fiat on his upturned face in her stead; and while he stooped to pick it up and to gather together the loosened, fluttering pages, Madge swung herself down from' her perch. Well ?' she asked him. ' What's the 'mattrP?' he made reply, staring at her as he straightened himself. ' That's what I want to know. You said you had something to tell me.' !'He stuffed the book into'his pocket, aid stepjping towards her tiok her'two hands in his. ' What's up, Freckles ? -You've been crying,' he said. '"Well, I don't need to'be told 'that when I did-it myself,' and she laughed a little watery laugh through her tears. "What's the matter, dear ? Tell me all about it.' And he took her two hands in his strong brown left one and placed the other consolingly round her shoulder. ' It's only the stupid old:book, Rer, and I've read it twice before.' ' Goes out and drowns herself, doesn't she ? I remember. Silly old Freckles ! But I say, by Jove, it suite you to cry, old lady; makes you look awfully nice.' ' Don't tease; what have you got to tell me ?' and -she rubbed her wat cheekiup and down his coat collar. ' Nothing that'll make you cry, little one, but something thatSrill make you so happy on my account. ' Oh, Rex, what is it ? Won another bicycle race a-d got'a jolly prize ? Or a rise in the office ?' 'Guess again.' He seemed amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watching the tears vanish away as she turned her glowing face to his. 'Dear, I can't guess; tell me.' 'It's something jblly, and will be a sort ofunexpected surprise to you, if I may use the expression.' ' Rer, you haven't been betting again, and won and bought the chest nut of Sir George's you wanted ?' Her eyes looked very 'serious now, and there was a pitiful conscious quiver about the mobile lips. 'No, 'pon honour, I haven't betted since the time I .promised you I wouldn't.' She said nothing, but -with a happy little sigh of contentment she laid her head down on his shoulder again. 'Well, 'I see Ihave to tell you,' said Rexingham after a pause. "'You remember the artist who was strick with your hair'last year ?' ' Uhm.' ' Well, it's something to do with 'h;m. can't you guess ?' She knit her brows and *as silence. At last she said : ' No, I've no idea of anything about him that could concern you except through nie,' she added in an undertone. 'What did you say?' he asked quickly. ' I don't know of anything that could concern you with regard to him. Have you seen him lately ?' 'No ; but rve'seen his sister.' 'Which sister? Miss Rive or the frisky widow that was here 9' ' Both; but I mean Pauline-Miss Rive.' i Well ?' ' Can't you guess ?' ' You don't mean she has asked you to sit for her and means to paint your portrait ?' 'I didn't know she could paint people.' ' Didn't you ?' The retort sounded as if it half revealed a secret. But Rexingham did not notice it. ' Well, I'm engaged to her, that's all, and I'ni juit the luckiest fellow in the world! Isn't 'it jolly?' Sonuiething startled him, it sounded as though a voice in the far distance and yet some where quite ,reair ejaculated ' Oh God!' And, but that the expression was so unfemininie, and was moreover uttered rather in the tone of a supplication than an interjection, he might have fancied Madge had uttered it, just as she buried her face deep in his coat. 'Well,' he asked after a pause, ' aren't you going to congratulate me ?' Still she was silent. ' Madge, Freckles, my dear, oild chum Frecrles, haven't you a word of good luck for me ? Why I used to thirik you iere fond of ine little girlie, and so you are the first person I hiive told my bit of good news to.' Hie put his hand under her chin and turned hear face towards him. The tears were all gone now, and so seeihed to be the colour from her cheeks and the network of little sunspotc, which had won her pet name from him, stood out in boldrelief against the unwonted paleness of her skin. ' What's the matter, Madge? You look as if you were choking. Have you:got stifled there on my shoulder, dear ?' SThe ghost of a sinile flitted across hei face and was gone in an instant. 'I think I must have swallowed a pieceof fluff ofl your coat,' she said, 'and it stuck in my throat.' 'This engagement ofyours is rather iiaudd?ni, my boy, is't it ?' The tone ,seemed. somewhat anxious, and the voice was that of Mrs. Hurtley, when. abo'ut an hour afterwards, her son hkd sought her out to tell her of his piece of good luck. 'No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good bit of the Rives last year, and I have often met them in London since.' 'I had no idea you admired that kind of girl,' said Mrs. Hurtley. *Oh, mother, I think she's awfully pretty, and, bemides, she hassuch a good figure, anrd really the dearest little foot and ankle of any womun I know.' 'Well, I suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to Ilare a good figure and a pretty ankle,' said hisi mother, with just a touch of something that w~is not like heruseal'kiind self in her voice. - ' Have you told Marjory T' she asked after a pause. Ofcourse I told Frickles jjut as soon as I got in from the station. They told ;me she was in the orchard, and I naturally sought out my old playmate at once. 'And what did she say, how did she take it 1 asked Mrs. Hurtley anxiously. Oh, she didn't say much,, she was a bit surpriped'at first, and, besides, just as I was telling, her a fly flew down her throat"or aomething, and she had to swallow that first. After a bit she asked me if I were happy in my engage ment, and when I said, ' Rather I' she tcld me then so was sbe. I say, mother, I want you to ask Pauline -down here, and we might get up a little picnic or something. And-I should like it to be nice you know'; they are very rich. How do yo' likli my dress, Rex I' * It's charming.' ' But you are not looking at it.' 'Wasn't I. Wear a thick veil then if you want people to notice your dress 1' Sne laughed, she was pleased, and yet consider ing how used Pauline Rive must have been to compliments and flattery it seemed strange she could still feel so' delighted about them. Whatare we going to do:when we get 'out of the train 1' she asked presently. ' Go straight to the river and meet Meg and the provisiots there, and that lazy brother of yours if he re members to 'turn up.' S'!Oh, Rex, it-will be', wful if Jack dosen'c'come I ' Why 11I needn't'do 'all the "work. Madge can"row.' ' No, I meant-' two's corifortable, th ree's'a` cro wd, you'khow.' 'Oh, Freckles doesn't count for an extra one; she is ajolly sort of girl that way.' I don't like Miss Arleigh,' protested Pauline. `'But you must since she and I are great chums, you know.' 1"Yeas,-I'know. I wish you were'not.' ' Why T' ''She's a linny sort of girl. Do you know what Jack said of her I' ' But Jack's mashed ; he'd say any thing. What was it 1' 'He said, when he was so mad :hat time for her to sit for him, you' re miember-' that girl'is' the sort they make heroines and murderesses of. He says red hair and that peculiar, dusky glow of colour which comes and goes under her skin, means passion. and strength of will. Does she ever'get in a passion, Rex I' ' Never; she is the sweetest tem pered woman I knor; but I don't suppose Jack meant that sort of passion. Here we are.' As they jumped out of the train Madge met them on the platform. ' I came to the station,' she said! to Rex after greeting Miss Rive, ' in case you needed any help with the basltet. 'Mr. Rive tas- itt"ooime. Let &e; ihave the other side.of that, Rex,' she said, suitfng 'tile action to the word, 'I'm so strong, and it lessens the weight so much for two to carry it. I could have helped Rex,' protested 'Pabline. Rex laughed. ' You help, inddid I Why you are only half my size; and, beisides, the stra n would pull that rig of yours ot of gear I'. , Besides,-I'am.'more used to itL; am: I not tRex I"answered 'Madge, turning to him. ' We've darried uiiany a picnic basket down to the riser between us, haven't we ' ' Yes, Madge, you're an out-snd-out brick I' And she never shirks her share,' he added with kindly patronage, turn ing to Pauline. '1 suppose you have known Mr Hurtley a very long time ', observed Pauline in a distinctly' conversatidnal' tone. 'Not so very long ; I am onlytbenty. two,' replied Madge so brightly that to suspect sarcasm in the answer seemed treachery. - ' I was three and Meg ten months old when mother adopted her,' exclaimed Rex. Pauline vouchsafed no reply, but bit her lips and walked on. To her the remark seemed ill-bred on Madge's part. They were soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat; it seemed as if there would not have been room for 'fack Rive had he come. Is, this )ot perfectly safe, ,Rex ingham 1' asked Pauline as they started. 'Yes, if you sit still and don't wriggle about ; it'isni't else.' 'Then why did~yu bring me out in it,' she exclainmed,in horror. ' Oh, Freckles and I always use this boat, and there is no choice between this and a much too liumbeirig affair.' L Do you often gob-on tbhe river, Miss Arleigh 1' asaied Pau'liine. ' A good bit; in.the holidays Rex; and I are out nearly all day ; when' I'm alone I generally go in a canoe ...' 'Abh, dear,' isn't that dreadfolly unsafe 1 ' Ohi, r;i ; not if you know the river. But you really must sit still Miss Rive, it is, difficult for me to steer, or for Rex to sc'ill if the boat's not trim.' 'By Georgel it's more than difficult; it's dangerous when a 'iteamer, comes' along i' exclaimed Rex.: 'Oh, I'm so fribghtened! Let's land soon, please,' entreatid Pauline. 'Sit quiet for goodness sake, Line, and you will be all rigi~t. We must get down to Willow Bend before we open theluncheon baskets I' Miss Rive's courage rose, and .her equanimity re turned as,she:found that the boat' neither turned upside down or ran into the bank as'they "pirodriedel, iand she s?i'.n fdrgot' her fears ahd the cirases in he'r new'dress,' and actuially' begn to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend they landed, and the baskets gave up their hiddep store, much to much of course as usual, as is the way of picnic baskets. I begin to miss Jack' when the plates arie unwrapped :don't you V remiarked Rex, as having supplied the ladies' he tegas to fill his own. You seem quite as well able to dis pose of the things, laughed Madge. Hasn't that boy an enormous ap petite when, he's in a good temper, Miss Rive 9 I cai't say I've noticed it, replied Pauline in quite an aggrieved tone. 'Oh, come now, haven't I been in a good temper aver since you first smiled on me l' exclaimed Rex, with his mouth full of pie. They dawdled so long over their luncheon anu then went ' just a little lower down,' hefore turning back and again putting in the Willow Bend for a cup of tea, and it was such fun boiling the kettle and washing up theplates, and re packing the baskets that it was growing dark by the time the little party commenced their return journey by the river. Even Pauline Rive' acknowledged that she had enjoyed herself--Rex was so joyful and Marjory .so quaint and merry chat she forgot that her gown puckered wherever the water splashed on it, and that the rising mist was bringing her hair out of curl. \- I'll scull home,' said Rex, ' and you steer, Freckles.' SIt's'getting a fully dark,' he said presently, after working steadily for a quarter of an hour. ' Ate we near the lock yet ' 'Another sixty yards and we'll be inside,' answered Madge, peering into the darkness for hosts ahead. In the look Madge wanted to change; and take the sculls' to iest'.Rex a bit; she thought, too, that he would prefer the seat next Pauline, but Rex insisted on retaining the oars, he was not tired he said; and it wanted a man's stroke to get them home before it became quite dark. When they emerged from the lock, they found the river very misty, besides being overshadowed with trees now for the rest of the reach home. ' I don't like this ; I don't feel safe,' exclaimed Pauline. ' It's all 'right if we are careful, and Freckles is a splendid steerer,' Rex assured. her. Presently Madge said ; Rex there is something in front of us; it looks as if a great coal' barge lihad broken away from the tug and was floating broad side on to us.' Pauline screamed. ' Give her plenty of 'room,'t~en,' ordered Rex, and Madge turned the boat into the middle of the stream, as the obstacle seemed coming down almost along the hbank. Suddenly as they came from the shadow of the great hulk the lights from the steam launch blazed in their eyes. Before they kiew what to do the, frail boat struck forcibly against something., ' We're 'lost I We're lost I cried 'Pauline. Sit still for God's sake, or' we .shall be drowned, commanded Rex. Can ,you both swim 1. Slip loose your skirts, whispered 'Madge, but Pauline flung herself on the side of the boat in a paroxysm of'ierror, and before they had time to recover her, she had upset them all into.the water. Help ! shouted Rex; we're capsized; atop' the screw. Maidge found herself clinginig to. the side of the boat,?which had not turned over but had righted itself mote than. half full of water. Site caught at the wrist 'of Pauline 'and, placed her hand on the boat too. Hold on she cried, we are all right.; but even as she spoke she felt the boat sinking'steadly beneath her weight; it was evidently leaking. Soon she heard Rex close to her. Are you both together I 'We'are both lihere, answered Madge Pauline isiio 'quiet 'I fear she fainted or received a blow. " We must struggle on to the barge ; the rsteamer does not seem'to have' heard us, and has gone on.' ' SavePauli,,e,' cried Freckles, as the boat sink out of her grasp with a swish and a whirl of black Water. Rex "eeme'd iridecided. In that supreme moment the,faithful affection of a lifetime seemed to outweigh the passion of'yeaterdaiy. 'Save her,' r'epaiead Maudge ;"'I can swim i' Rex struggl d to the side of the barge, but it was too high out of the water to allow of any landing, bourdened'as he was, too,, with the inani mate weight of the fainting Paulinre. He was a strong swimmer, and so by skirting the barge managed at last to gain the bank. There he depisited his future vrife. Fr, cklee, he shouted, make for the bank. Its not so very far ; ag down stream a little and then come pat' the tiarge._ Madge I Madge ! I will keep on shoutinig that you may know which way to turn. Or shout, dear, and I will come out to you ! No answering shout relieved his Shungry ears. Freckles i he cried wildly. Madge i Madge t Still no answer, but in hisears ran toli iiii 'tif ilite gurgliig waters. Save her';'I can swim I And with that generous lie on her dying lips Marjory's loving soul had fled out to eternity. .. . .. . . . . .', 