THE FIRST BATCH. LABOUR'S CHOSEN. Last week tbe election campaign was commenced in real earnest. Tim week it is being continued. In town and country, in city and suburb-- every where, candidates 'fat'' arid candidates 'lean,' and candi dates of no particular claesat all, ateon the stump endeavouring to impress upon the free and independents bow much they are prepared to do and to*fiacri6oe for their* bleeding country if only they are given the opportunity. And it is reMly astonishing on the eve of a general ' electron how much . some men can promise even after haying fulfilled or attempted to fulfill so little. The first batch of elections oome off next Saturday, the 21air.Tber^ are thirty-iiwo seats to be contested, and official Labour . candidates are running in twenty-one of fcV.eBe. In order that the claims of the various official Labour candidates running in the firet batch may not be overlooked amidst the false issues which the Boodle wraith and its political touts are raising we propose to review briefly the personnel of each one. of our candidates in turn. Next week we will deal just as fully with those who are runniog in the second batch. _ It is important that we should point out here that of the thirty-two aeats included in the firat batch Labour in the last Parliament only held four. It ia impor tant, because it clearly shows how much the Government expect to g^in from the arrangement of the elections by securing a majority of seats in the first batch, iri the hope that it will influence the seats to be contested in subsequent batches. Glassey Goes for Bundaberg, Considerable interest attaches to all the electorates which are being contested by Labour or Opposition candidates, but we know of none round which so much interest centres as that of Bundaberg, where Thomas Glassey, president) of the Central Political Executive and leader of the Labour Party, meets the Plutocratic candi date Michael Duffy. It is confidently asserted on all hands that the Government and its supporters will use every available means—fair and unfair — to defeat the venerable pioneer of Labour in Parliament. In every place where an absentee^ vote can_ be scored for the Government there is a polling booth. To give the property-vote a show against Labour, a booth has been established and a presiding officer appointed in Brisbane, some 200 miles distant from the constituency. We mention these facts not because we think Glassey will be defeated, but to rouse our Labour friends ? __and to warn them not to rest on their oars in the present erisi*. They must be up and doing next week and, a« one man, rally round the honest, plodding, persaveringT and warm-hearted servant of the Causaof Eeform. Remember, those .of you who would backslide, that Tom Glassey be friended the Labojr movement when most of the other seventy-two in Parliament dis played the utmost contempt and hatred towards it. Heutood up alone amidst the sneers, the jeers, and the insults of the gang of Boodlers and public plunderers to fight the battle of Unionism and advocate the people'* claims. With the assistance of \- the outside organisations, who rallied round mm in bis Hour ot need to give mm encouragement and support. Tom Glassey did yeoman service for us alt. If only for this good and excellent service, which will live when most of us here now nave crossed the river of unequal strife, the Bundaberg workers cannot and will not dpRerfe a man like Tom Glassey for Michael Duffy, who should by this timo have forfeited the respect and confidence of the intelligent portion of the Bundaberg constituents, Glaseey works for the good of the people ; Duffy fights for purely class interestc, and must be downed. The Oause demands it. Mat. Reid for Toowong. The first Labour candidate in the Bris bane district to make his bow before the free and independents was the late member for Toowong, Mat. Reid. The reception which greeted him in the Paddington Foresters' Hall last week must have made his heart' leap with exultant delight. It gave one the impression that human nature was not so bad after all. The meeting was enthusiastic; in fact, more than enthu siastic. Three years ago, when Mat. Reid's name was whispered as a candidate for Toowong, there was a dfep fligh of ' holy horror 'at the thought). 'What! Mat. Reid, the Wharf -street stump orator— the worst of the despised fire-brand Labour agitators seeking the suffrages of the residents of the highly respectable suburb of Toowong )' Even some timid Labour folk themselves became alarmed and showed adisponition to shrink from the thought. It was madness, some said, for Labour thus handicapped to attempt to put down such a full-blown and able Cabinet Minister as Theodore Unmack. Thanks first to the ability and sincerity of the caudidate himself and then to a loyal band of supporters, the agitator prejudice rapidly disappeared. Men of every grade of eociety rallied round Reid, and he came out of tht» struggle gloriouely trium phant. Unmack has been scarcely able to hold his head erect since — a fact of which Thomas Finney might make a note. During his parliamentary career, Reid has shown that after all there is some good even in a fire-brand. He has proved himself to be worthy of the confidence that waB thetLjepoaed in him, and hatf made a record in the political history of this country which jsan never i-e effaced. To^ay he stands 50 per cent higher in the estimation of the Toowong electors than he did three years ago. As ' whip~' of the Labour Party during the last two yeara he proved hinwelifa-capable organiser and an invaluable servant, which his colleagues appreciated in a practical manner. The Political Asp. has been casting around for the lasjb two years to try and find a sufficiently strong man to wrest this ee£t from Labour, and at last choice fell upon Tom Finney —hereafter to be known as ' Tupennv-ha'- penny ' Finney— merchant draper, 'With all his boasted popularity— and more of it is boast than real— =T.,m hasn't a ghost of a show against the chain pion Btonewaller. Turley and Bond for South Brisbane. The contest in this important consti tuency promises again to be intensely interesting. There is a plethora of anti labour candidates clamouring to sacrifice themselves on the altar of their bleeding country, which is certainly very flattering to South Brisbane electors. Willie Stephens— 'Our Willie '—has been foolish enough to forsake his old love for the very miserable prospects of being oaken on by a new; while the sober-aided, innocent looking contractor, Charlie Mid son, the late uiiB-representative, and Edwards, who was just shut out in 1393, appear on the scene in the political garb of 'Fat.' Respecting 'Our Willie,' his character and fitness for a share in the 'representation of South Brisbane, or any other constituency of moral-minded people, can best be judged from one little speech in particular made by him during last session. This utterance was so unbecoming as presented to members in i proof Hansard — somecopiesof which have bjpen fortunately -preserved for evidence — Mr. Speaker Cowfey ordered_iis. expulsion from the permanent records of Parlia ment. If the mind is the standard of the «ian— and we believe it ie— then Willie, dear boy, you have reached _a_'very low standard— too low, we fear, for the South Brisbane voters. Turley 's conduct stands out in bold relief against both Midson and Stephens. . There is no comparison between his ability and theirs. Harry's close attention to duty aud his unswerving conduct in any question which materially affected the people^ interest has endeared him to the hearts of his constituents, and his con stituents seem quite proud of their man, so much so that we will.be disappointed if his name is not at Titie top of the poll next Saturday. ^ In John Bond he has a most worthy L colleague. Qaiet and unassuming in demeanour, scrupulously honest and honour able, and with more ability— than either Stevens or Midson possess or will possess if they live to be as old as Methuselah. His address speaks for itself and bears out what we say. The. electors will make a mistake if they don't place him alongside Turley, and let the South side, at any rate, be fully representative of Progress. Wallace Nelson lor Musgrave. Wallace Nelson will have a hard battle to bring the Labour standard safely through the struggle at the Musgrave, where he meets O'Gonneil, who, for some reason which certainly doesn't appear in his public career, has the reputation of being a popular man. He has done many things which prove his unreliableness as a politi cian—as, for instance, his action along with Duffv in one dav votin&r; for navrhfint of members and the next day scooting outside the bar of the House like ST whipped cur. The Worker would like to see the energetic little platform orator in the next Parlia ment, where he'would find some scope for his debating ability. John Mair for the Stanley. The electors of the,Stanley~never had a better opportunity of securing a really trustworthy and capable, representative of their particular interests than they have on -the present occasion in the candidature of John Mair, and the Labour Party, as a whole, will find no more loyal supporter in the colony. At the last election, John was sent a tonal stranger to the Burnett, there to contest the. seat with one Cadell, and, in spite of the fact of trickery on the part of some professed friends, he scored the respectable vote of 380 as against 544 John Mair is worth a dozen such political puppets as Lord, who allow themselves and pneir constituents no De usea as me r-ooniers inclination and interest dictates. See to it, you electors of Stanley ! Send Lord to the rightabout and give honest John Mair a show ? You'll never regreb the change. Charlie M'Carthy for Dalby. Charlie M'Carbhy flieB the official Labour colours for the City of the Plains against Joahua T. Bell, the renegade Socialist, of the London Fabian Society. Charlie was nob brought into this world with a silver spoon in his mouth, nor has he had the good fortune to secure a college education, nevertheless he has had twenty-seven years' of hard life in Queensland, during which he has gained experience that parti cularly fits hiur^for' the 'representation of a constituency like Dalby. In spite of many years of adversity, M'Carthy has been a close reader, a keen debater, and a most ardent advocate of the Labour Movement. He haB occupied an official position in the Warrego Carriers' Union, audjoore than once engaged in the reform agitation in the city of Brisbane and else* where. Charlie and Joshua T. met to try conclusions three years ago, and sixty-four more voters stood on. the side of the renegade radical than on the side of the honest Labour man. Let the~Dalby voters see that this mistake is not repeated. If there is any truth in the old. maxim, 'Once bit twice any,' ' it) . won't be. M'Carthy has already addressed his con stituents and made an excellent impres Bion. Wilkinson and Summer ville for Ipswich Things with Boodlewraith are not run ning very smoothly at Ipswich. Andrew Henry Barlow, .the Minister for Lands, has dropped out. , It is currently rumoured that a more lucrative appointment has been offered, to him. General manager of the Q. N. Bank at a salary of £2,000 pet annum with the privileges of an overdraft is 'cu8h',TCompared with a Ministerial portfolio and Worker cartoons thrown in. T. B Cribb, of Cribb and Foote, who are said to have dominated Ipswich polities for a considerable time prior to the fast bye-election, when Jimmy Wilkinson was the medium through which the tables were turned, is the Nfllsnn- Rnlr-nnlr candi date for this important constituency in Barlow's place. Stephenson, of the Queens land Times, whom Wilkinson ignominously defeated, is the othexAss. representative. ^Timmy Wilkinson ha? Hone nothing dur ing his parliamentary career to warrant the Ipswich electors in withdrawing the confi dence they reposed in him two yeara ago, but he has done much to deserve its renewal. His colleague, Mr. W. H. Summerviile, a lawyer by profession, out side of Ipswich is publicly unknown, but those of our friends who are most intimate with him promise a brilliant political career for -this young gentleman should he gain the seat. It is certainly a -*ood sign of the times, and one which ought to be encour ageaVH&hat; gradually the professions are coming over to the Labour side and taking part in its agitations. If the Ipswich electors are true to themselves, Wilkinson -end Summerviile will head the list on Saturday next. , Ogden and Foley for Townsville. At Townsville the Labour Parly stands solidly tor Anthony Ogden and Thomas Foley, who are running against Philp and Caafcliop. The fierht here will be a sbr&itrht-; out one. All that Castling, the new comer, prides himself on is the generosity he has displayed towards the poor people in that district. Who knows but what the faces of the poor have been , ground for many years to enable this boasted public benefactor to dole out this charity ? As for Philp, he is all right personally, but is not worthy of Labour support) on the ground that he is of those who are opposed to Reform. Ogden (the late member) and Foley are both genuine working-class re presentatives. They have lived and worked' in Townsville for years, and each has a stake in the country in the shape -eJh a bonny little wife and a healthy little family. TheserBeat8 for Labour seem 'good enuff.' M'Donnell and Higgs for Fortitude Valley. The Workers' Political Organisation in Fortitude-Valley deserve credit for the dogged determination with which it* ha 15 for years 'grafted' to oust the two unworthy politicians who pose as representatives of that important and long-suffering elec torate. It is fighting to redeem this historic constituency from the Conservative thraldom into whjehjt has gradually drifted. , Prior to the return of its two old members, who belong to the pledge-breaking 'Ooer- _cion' brigade, the Valley was- solid for Progress, and if the electors there wish it it can be made solid for Progress again. Just think, you Valley voters, what M 'Master and Watson have done for you. In the 1892 Parliament they voted to make Queensland Black after having promised to make it White; they voted £65,000 for Italian and other immigration, and for the present cumbersome and one-sided electoral system. In the late Parliament they were little better than peuny-in-the-slot machines, and if they weren't under the influence of 'Auld Kirk' they were under that of Nelson, which is very much the same. They both supported the 'Coercion' bill and the expulsion of its opponents. M 'Master has never shown any desire to help the wage-earning com munity, and never will, except on the eve of a general election. And as for John Watson — well, his political inanities wouldn't be countenanced inside the walls of the Goodna Btockade. Success must eventually crown tine ettorts of the Valley workers. In 1888 they made a decent show against big odds ; in 1893, Labour polled a big vote against every kind of class influence which could be obtained. Let us in 1896 be able to say that afe last the Valley has been wrested fronc tbe clutches of the Political Ass. and retro gression. Though the fight is hard, victory is Labour's- if Labour is true to itself. 1. Xabour is represented by two men, who _ are well and favourably known throughout this colony; Frank M*Donn.ell, as secretary of; the Early Closings Association for many, years; has been an indomitable worker for the voluntary system of .early shopping. When voluntaryism failed, as it has failed, Frank initiated and credit ably conducted an -agitation for^eonapui soryism. His efforts and the efforts of those with him were rewarded during the last session of Parliament by the mtro ductionof An Early Closing Bill ; but the nominee Chamber, which M 'Master and Watson support, relegated it to the wa&te-; pa per basket. In 1891, when Sam. Griffith appointed & Royal Commission to report on the— factories and workshops, Frank M'Donnell was nominated by the Labour Party and accepted as one of its members. He was untiring in his efforts to unearth the disgraceful state of things which existed, and since then has assisted in exposing the sweating dens in our midst, besides in many other ways helping on the good work of Reform. As regards the other candidate -(WVG. Higge), he is the editor of this paper, and to write anything in praise of him in these columns would be unbecoming. If you wantauy further evidence as to their fitness to represent you, go and hear the candidates speak. You will be delighted and con verted, and on the 21st will, vote solid for M'Donnell and Higgs. M'Gliie and Norman for Maryborough, At tbe last general election the 'Mary* borough workers were generous enough to make room for Charlie Powers by with drawing one 0% their candidates. With the Labour vote Powers was returned and the Labour man (Norman) was defeated. The organisation of Labour was good then; It is better now. It was quite prepared to help Powers again, but he has taken the huff and aint playing politics this season, so the W.P.O. is running iwo men of its own. Norman is to Jthe front in all his war-paint. The energetic little tailor- man has succeeded in climbing to the position of municipal councillor, where he has displayed som 9 of the grit and ability of which he ie pos sessed. M'Ghie is the railway man whom Jack' Annear got victimised three yeara ago for daring to show his sympathy to the Labour Party. Mac. is well spoken of by those who know, him, and the fact that both men were selected without opposition* speaks for the confidence which the Maryborough Labouri ties have in their candidates. Jack Annear, -however, is a tough 'un, and as incompetent as he is conceited. It would be a relief to all who have business In Parliament House if this leather-lunged demagogue was turned out to grass. Don't forget, you workers in Maryborough, what Jack Annear did on the wharf during the maritime strike of 1890, and only so recent as last year at a champagne guzzle at Walkers' Limited advocated a reduction of your wages, to say nothing of the numerous instances when he has assisted to chock reform legislation. As for his colleague, Bartholomew, we know nothing of his public career worth record ing. He flies the wrong colours to be of any use to the people, and should be downed at the polls. — Gough for Carnarvon. Unless the Worker is sadly mistaken, ' Majah ' Foxtou will get such a shaking up in the Carnarvon this time as will upset his political equilibrium for a_few yeara to come. The ' Majah 'is of the swell order, and despises thp ' vulgah ' mob, except when he seeks their — ah— ^ votes — ah ! He is one of the bitterest) enemies the Labour movement has, and should be politically throttled by all who desire to^aee this province move along. Carnarvon voters have no excuse. In Arthur Gough chemist, of Goondiwindi, they have evi dently a candidate of good ability and honest intention. He is touring the elec torate and delivering some excellent addresseVfoorn which we are pleased to learn he is a firm believer in the independ ence of the Labour Party and opposed to the ' wobbler ' species of politician. The following small slab from Gough's Ingle wood address way serve to interest a certain class of Democratic candidates who are trying to run with the hare while hunting with the hounds: 'It is amusing to see the number of persons posing as Independ ent Members. An independent man is 'generally one who has not made up his mind who he is going to follow, and is less independent than anyone. J Any sensible man goes to the House prepared to take his place as one of the rank and file. These men are unworthy of support. The new Parliament will have only two parties — the Reform Party under the name of the Labour Party, and the Tory Party, who constitute the Government. Outside these will comprise the disappointed, the rail- ' sitters, and those who don't know what they believe.' J. B. Bradford for the Albert. In the Albert district, Bradford, well known to John M 'Master in Fortitude Valley, is fighting the battle for Labour. If all the electors in the Albert are only half as honest and as Btraightford as J. B. Bradford, there need be no fear as to the result. The farmers who live in the Albert) will find, if they searched Aus tralia through, no more honourable repre* , sentative, ancNbould give him, a show in preference to Plunkett, who libelled the Bushmen of this colony by referring to them as the dingoes of our civilisation. , Maguire for Murilla. The Premier (Hugh M.' Nelson) has been very fortunate for the last_ ten or twelve years in securing, a seat without a contest. It is not to be so this time.. Thanks to the rapid spread of Labour doctrines, the Murilla electors-liave become seized' With an idea -that they can return a man after ifoeir ?, own heart. Choice -has fallen upon Mr, E.; H. Maguire, of the Maranoa, Advocate,, .who takes with him the official colours of the Labour Party, \- and is entitled to all'^the. assistance ana support its adherents can -give him. If Maguire advocates — our cauwi as wult' on the stump as he does through the . columns of his valuable little pajier* the electors of Murilla will do well to vote for him as against tho President of. the I'oiiticai.Atssr . Simon Taitfor Mackay. Sugarjpplis is to- be the scene of quite an interesting three-cornered fight. Barn-door fowl Dalrymple, the rank individualist, andChataway are running in double-harness against Black, brother of M. Hume Black, commission, agent in 'England at Govern ment expense for private syndicates in Queensland. Black flies the Independent -flag and sits on the rail. The Labour Party is represented in the contest by Simon Tait, secretary to the local A. W. Union; Simon is an old and much respected resident of the district, where he has raised abigfamily.- Heisjustas ardent , an advocate of temperance' reform as of. _ Labour, ,and should he and Hugh Nelson ~ — i chance to meet in the next Parliament, Simon will not be long in cxmvjertiiuj-the Premier to an abhorrence of 'Auld K.irk,!: which will be a service rendered to the country. The good sense of the intelligent . electors of Mackay should lead them to plump for Tait. Denis Keogh for Rosewood. Denis Keigh is a recent convert from Toryism to Labourism, He seeks the. votes of Che Rosewood farmers against three other nondescript candidates. Danny did some good work for Labour at the jtpswtch by-election in 1894, and there is good reason lor believing that if the Rosewood farmers will only give him the opportunity he ©an d$ similarly excellent work— tor ', ? them in Parliament. He is certainly a far abler man than toe late member for the district, Electors of Rosewood-are expected to do their duty fearlessly on the 21st by voting for Labour^ Curtis told the Rockbamptoh electors that 'he felt very strongly about the double treachery that Premier Nelson had practised on 'Allan and Carter.' .But, then, Curtis is only really strong when it comes to a question of corner allotments and suchlike. ' - Premier Nelson admitted to the electors of Murili&-when speaking at the Cooda ? mine that he was opposed to a State bank, as 'ib vwas— ^uiW — impracticable under :_ present conditions, and would lead to political corruption.' You Hbet Nelson knows the Boodlewraiih crowd. Ma. John M 'Master on Friday last several times tried that old gRg ' I'm sure you will elect me,' but it fell very flat. ' There was only a feeble cheer from one or two interested cliques. John's hold on the valley is weakening every day, and he will collapse like a limp rag if workers there bestir themselves. Premier Nelson the other day told the Murilla electors that* when the Queensland National Bank suspender) it held £2,360,000 of Government money. Now, really Hugh, you should have H-een more d iscreet, ana not give away ' your friend's' individual liberty and private enterprise in such a . barefaced way. The Government have refused to allow a polling station at Ciohesy in the Cairn's electorate where, there are 45 miners with votes, but they intend 'having polling booths in Brisbane for electorates hundreds of miles distant from the metropolis .m order that plural dead -head voters may vote for them. Shame 3 Mr. Frank M'Di-nneU,-hon. secretary to the Early Closing Association, has issued a circular on behalf of that body drawing the attention of all parliamentary candidates to the necessity there exists for introducing a measure in the next Parliament dealing with the early closing of shops and the limitation of, the working: hours ot; those engaged therein. No ! Tozer is not a coercionist in all things. He-is only a coercionist against Labour when it is fighting Plutocracy. For instance, *on the 29th September, 1893, when the Labour Party was trying hard to close the parliamentary bouzing den he is reported ia Hansard as having said, 'If you attempt c jerciun in this mutter ib will only lead to a greater evil.' William Banks, a Bkckall publican, is going to sfc.uid for the Barcoo as an *' Inde pendent' — whatever that is. Ic is always best for the people to leavw publicans severally aloue in the matter of politicR. Particularly so Hnce the Licensed Victuallers' Association have decided, this election as well as last, to support Boodle wraibh as againBt the Labour Party.; 