The J^stery of Cte. KDup. -: ? ♦ ? HERB was great -y^\\. doubt in Barupia as ? -^a\ ' to the rights of the .jtt^L, i% ^ case about Augustus \ #\ ^, Muir. He was ac \V, \ ^ counted dead, but ^^ \ ^ whether he died by ~v \ ^^ his own hand or at ^r--, \\)^^ the hands of others ined to be prov At any rate, body was dead; there was the body, much dis figured, found lying at the foot of the Crooked Jump, a nasty breakaway about two miles from Barupia. Muir was the j only Barupian missing, conse quently it was Muir. In addi tion, the corpse had M u i r ' e clothes on, and Muir was last seen in them by the landlord of the pub., making his way home with two bottles of whisky, at about 11 i o'clock at night Tihere wexe many doubters, j who averred that he had been killed first and j thrown over the Jump afterwards, but the 1 coroner's jury could make nothing of it, and returned an open verdict. Still, feeling fnat something was expected from them, they add ed a suggestion that the road should be fenced at that particular point. The. doubters , sniffed contemptuously at this, for, said they, j it was as easy, or almost as easy, to launch j a man's body over the Jmnp with a fence ; there as without one. Always supposing that you were desirous of so disposing of a body. Augustus Muir was a single man, and an important personage in Barupia, inasmuch as j he was the only saddler in the town. As a rule, he was sober, but when he did break out he did it thoroughly, and when you said i a man was as drunk as Gus. Muir you inti- ! mated that he could not lie flown without holding 'on. As Muir was a popular man, without any reason for shuffling himself off this mortal coil, the anti-doubters averred that he probably went over the Jump when in a non-compos condition. This seemed the more likely, because his boots were carefully placed side by side at the edge of the Jump, as an ordinarily neat man would place them outside his door. Had Muir taken off his j boots and turned into the Crooked Jump un- : der the impression that he was turning into bed? The anti-doubters said that he had. j Muir was buried, what property he left passed into the hands of the proper authori ties, and a new and aspiring saddler reigaed in his place. The new saddler had purchased the defunct man's stock-in-trade when the Curator, sold it, and established himself in Muir's domicile with a young wife and one infant He was ? a guileless youth, much given to religion, and j halting between the T.M.C.A. and the Army. Rumor said that«iis wife put her foot on the last She had looks, and objected to the cos tume worn by the alleged 'lassies.' In the way of trade, the new man, whose name was Rikketts, naturally had to put up with some lurid language used by his bush customers. Now, it is a common mistake to suppose that a bushman swears more than a townsman. The ordinary well-dressed, straw-hatted youth of the Sydney pavement swears far moTe, and without such necessity, as the or- i dinary bush youth of his own standing does j up country. However, bush folk do 6wear, but Rikketts put up with it as a matter of business. One night, after a lively religious meeting where in hell-fire had occupied a prominent position, Rikketts was awakened by a noise much re- j sembling somebody urgently demanding ad- j mittance at the shop door. In fact, it was ? evident that if the late visitor was not speedi ly admitted everything would go with a run. Rikketts went into the shop, turned the key of the door, which immediately flew open, hurling the saddler backwards, and a large i man strode Into the shop, projecting profanity j in a Scotch accent several miles ahead of j him. Before the astonished Rikketts could pull 'Mmself round, the strange intruder had marched into the bedroom, whence a wild series of shrieks and the flight of Mrs. Rik ketts hi her night dress with the Infant an nounced his advent Candle in hand, Rikketts entered to protest against this violation of his rights as a citizen and, if possible, eject the culprit He found a muscular man'seated on the bed with a bottle hi his hand and a string or. shocking bad language hi his mouth, out of which Rikketts made out that he wanted to know who the what-d'ye-call- it had the whafs-his-name cheek. to lock him out of his own illuminated house. The outraged saddler protested that it was his house, and threatened police if the man did not speedily depart; but the new-comer laughed deliriously, took a mighty suck at his bottle, and settled all dispute by turning into the bed, clothes, boots, and aU, stating that he was Gus. Muir, and that if there wa& any man in Barupia able to put him out of his own house they had better bring that man along speedily. The forlorn Rikketts, feeling quite unequal to the task of asserting himself by turning the unwelcome visitor out of nis annexed home, rescued the clothes of himself and fam ily, and departed in search of the assistance of law and order. Being successful in awaking the sergeant, ihe was no further advanced; for that worthy said that if it was really Muir, alive and in the flesh, why, as a public character, he did not know how the law stood. As a private man he unhesitatingly said that he should let Muir severely alone until he had had his sleep out. As a 'friend he advised Rikketts to abstract the bottle and thereby compel Muir,= if it was Muir, to go out for a fresh supply. Then the sergeant went to bed again, and promised to call round in the morn ing. Rikketts and his family camped in the shop, the night being enlivened by the snores of the usurper. Rikketts awoke from an uneasy doze just as the day was breaking. All was silent; he stole to the bedroom door j and looked in. The 'room was empty, i Had it all been a horrid dream evoked by I religions enthusiasm? A knock at the door announced the sergeant Rikketts informed him of the disappearance of the alleged Mair. The sergeant looked at the room and pointed out that the window was open. 'It's Muir safe enough,' he said, 'and it's some of his japes he is after.' 'How could a big man like that get out of the window without waking me?' 'Lord! that's nothing to Gus. Muir. He'd get out of heaven without St. Peter seeing him; he's/that light on his f.eet when 'he's on a fair booze. That's to eay, before he gets ] properly camped. I should say that he, or his ghost, has just made a start. You'll ihave a nice time of it for a bit,' and with this consoling speech the sergeant left. It was naturally the cause of great excite ment in Barupia, this resurrection of Muir; but the strange thing was that no one but Rikketts 'had .«een the modern Lazarus. \ The pnblican in whose house Muir in the i former life had been wont to indulge in his i periodical carouses was heart-stricken at his ! non-appearance^ and yowed that the whole thing had been an unholy dream of Rik- 1 kett's. ?''..?',? 'Where's yonr Muir?' he 'demanded, with] an emphatic thump on the bar. 'Produce him, and I'll ^believe you. If you can't do it, why it's, a dream. -I never had much opin ion of them salvation crew,' and he turned to Ms bar. for consolation. The day passed without any .appearance x-£ the deceased, al ? though several wonder-seekers went out and ? inspected Muir'e grave to see if it showed any signs of disturbance; but no! Whoever slept there wasrthere still. Then a new wonder came to light The remittance man of Barupia — every bush town ship has it's local remittance man— got his re mittance that day and cashed it, and started to 'blow' it Next morning he was found in a horizontal position in the main street, but that was nothing, the yarn he told was everything. He had been proceeding to his lodgings the night before, according to his own account, perfectly sober, ihaving with him two bottles of whisky, for the purpose of future refresh ment,* when he met Gus. Muir. He knew Muir well. They had had many a spree to gether. Muir and he discussed one bottle of whisky in the remittance man's room, then he proceeded to see Muir home to the ceme tery. To the cemetery? asked everybody. 'Yes; to the cemetery. When they got near there Muir insisted on seeing the remittance man home again, which he did, and they broached the second bottle of whisky. After that they alternately saw each other home until daylight, when the remittance man knew no more.' As proof of his story, both bottles of whisky were empty, and the balance of his remit tance was gone. He had some dim idea that he lent it to Muir to buy a pair of boots with, but on this Doint he was hazv. The next man to encounter Muir was the publican, who was knocked up at 1 a.m. Ac cording to this witness there was no doubt it was Muir; he knew him too well to be mis taken. He and the deceased had sat there talking and declaiming Scotch poetry (at least, Muir was) until cockcrow, when, ac cording to the publican's account, he disap peared, and mine host was awakened by his man of all work coming to wash the bar out, who found him fast asleep in his chair. It was reported that the till was empty, but this the publican denied. The burning ques tion of the hour then became the identity of Muir. Was it Muir? Had somebody else been buried in mistake tot him? Was it someone resembling him, who had been tak ing a rise, and what loose cash was handy, out of the unsuspecting townspeople? The editor of the local newspaper got out specials on the subject with headings hi fat type. At last he put up one that lairly elec trified Barupia: ARREST OP THE SUPPOSED MUIR. PERSONATION BY A DRUNKEN SWAGMAN. OUR ENERGETIC POLICE FORCE. ? ? Then followed an account of the arrest of 1 a big man resembling Muir, in person, who I was still highly intoxicated and in the pos- ! session of sundry sums of money, presumedly taken from the remittance man and the pub lican. But this was not all. He asserted that he was Muir, and, now that he was con fronted in broad daylight the police were prepared to swear that he was not Muir, only bore a kind of general resemblance to what Muir might have been after a long continued and very carmine-colored spree. The time, as time generally does, came duly round when the culprit was to appear before the court, and when everyone, including the publican and the remittance man, were pre pared to swear two things; first, that this was the man who had represented himself as Muir to them, and secondly, that it was not Muir at alL The culprit still affirmed his identity as the real Simon Pure, when a loud voice com manded him to shut his ordinary mouth. There was a scatter and commotion hi the neighborhood of the door, and there stood Muir himself. Very dirty, very towzled, very everything a respectable citizen should not be, but still Muir, as they could all tes tify. In due course Muir told his story. When he left the hotel he turned his face in the wrong direction, and plodded steadily on until he found himself at the Crooked Jump, and there, as he explained it, he came across two swag-bodies camped. By tiie time he got there he was outwardly sober, and able to walk straight; but, after he had sat down with the swagmen and they nad refreshed all round, he got confused and under the im pression that he was entertaining two friends at his own place. He therefore pressed the bottles on them, and, nothing loath, they re sponded until they were as drunk as he was. Muir remembered nothing more of that night. In the morning he found himself beside a dead body at the foot of the jump. He was very ehaky from the drink and the fall, but much more shaky when the dead man's com panion assured him that he had pitched the man down. there. To throw off the scent he dressed the dead man up in his clothes, and the two camped away off the road for some days. The ewagman had gone hi for rations, and brought back yarns that the change of clothes had been discovered, and the police were scouring the country for him as a sup posed murdered, so he kept quiet, and, more over, his host who had taken Muir's money and the matter in hand, always forgot to bring him out a pair of boots. One night, when under the influence, he took his sleep ing companion's boots, and made the raid on Rikkett's. Waking up in the inorning, his mind mis gave him, and he got away quietly at day break. The ewagman found out all about it, and he personated Muir for a couple of nights, stole the money, and was clearing out, when, un fortunately for himself, he got into trouble with the police, and made the mistake of as serting, in broad daylight, that he was Gus. Muir. Muir, left alone without rations or money or boots, made his way into Barupia, and, after scaring several old women into fits, obtained the truth, a pair of boots, and hast ened to the court. The prisoner had nothing left to do but confess. He said that Muir took his boots off, put them beside the road, and forthwith i disappeared down the Fall, evidently under ! the impression that he was getting into bed. i Somewhat sobered, the deceased made an i attempt to go after Muir, but not being very i steady on his pins, he rolled to. the bottom, . and, though Providence looked after Muir, it did not look after him. The idea of making something out of Muir by pretending that he had killed his mate, occurred to the man, and he carried it out, and threw himself on the mercy of the court: and the court immedi ately gave him six months. Muir and Rikketts entered Into partnership, and the bets are even as to whether Rikketts i will reform Muir, or Muir demoralise «Rik' ketts. 