The Race for tlie Sculling Championship. The sporting papers by Friday's mail kite fall particulars of the raoe between Stanbnry end Harding on July 18. The London Sportt man says:-Many another atbfrte would have broken down under the great strain and tre mendously hard work wliieh the Australian bad gone through He was not in fit condition when be met Harding, yet be rowed with giant strength, and it was perfectly clear before the tiro bad been rowing one minute that Harding was beaten. The Englishman rowed up to hiB past form, but what upjet calculations was that Ktaubury was ever so much faster than English people gave bim cre tit for. The Sporting Life says that there was no semblance of a raoe from start to finish. Stan bory's record " proves that be is a champiun among champions." The Sportiman says that Harding was entirely outclassed. "Enor mous strength, great skill, and iron will are three of the attributes of Stanbury, who must be something more than human to have done What he did yesterday." The London Even ing Hern says that Stanbury could have won by a quarter of a mile just as easily as by six lenoths. II, as hie friends averred before the race, Stanbury was not within lengths of his form, then (says the Sport*. man),' in the zenith of his fame be must have been a marvel. Staubury knocked 13seo off tbe record whiob Barry established from Putney to Hammersmith. As a matter of fact, Harding never ooce looked dangerous, and had Stanbury been poshed be could, on the fast flood, have easily established a record for tbe whole distance, Stanbury was the nominal favorite, but for mouey Harding really in belter demand. Harding won tbe toss, and chose tbe Surrey side of the river. It was a splendid start. Stanbury pulled 18 In tbe opening balf- minute to Harding's 17. Every time Stanbury dipped his soulU be drew away from bis opponent at a rate tbat could hardly be credited except by th-^e who saw it. At bis tweuty- aeoonri etfke Stanbury had accomplished tbe extraordinary feat of potting daylight between tbe boats. Harding succeeded in overlapping Stanbury again be* fore Alexanders was reached, but Staubury, in a few airokes, drew away again. At tbe Thames Uowiog Olub ebeda Stanbury crossed over to the Surrey side, and pave bis opponeut the bt-nefi* of his wash. Harding rowed a pluoky raoe to tbe fininb, but never had a ghost of a chanoe. Stanbuiy won, easing np, by elx leugtbs. The winner'a time was 21min. 68«eos., tbe loaer'a 22min. SlsecB. Amongst those who witnessed the race from one or otber of the accompanying steamers were Sir William Windeyor, Mr. Jack Beale, Joe Thompson, and Mr. 8. E. Lees, MX.C. The betting at tbe start was 11 to 10 on Stan* bury, but ere thp competitors bad goue a quarter of a mile no one would aooept tens against Harding, and an offer of 100 to 6 on Stanbury, made as the soullers approaohed Hammersmith Bridge, met with no response. ONE BOX OF CLAitEB'fl B41 PILLS IB war ranted to oure all discharges from tbo Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, aud Pains in tho back. Guaranteed fioo from Mercury. Sold in boxes, 4s Grt each, by all Chemists ana Patent Medioine Vendors. Sole Proprietors, The Linooln and Midland Counties Drag Co., Linooln, England. For the past quarter of a century thore has been one continuous flow of lcttcis bearing tcsti* snony to tho truly wonderful cures effected by Clarko'a World fi nod Blood Mixture, *' the finest Blood Puriter that science and medical .kill have brought to light/' Sufferers trorn Scrofula. Scurvy, Eoeenia, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Soros nf any kind, »re solicited to give it a trial to tost its value. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bnttlo. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes, "VALUABLE DIBCOVBRY FOR THE HATH - If jour hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Roncwer,"for it uiu potilivthj restore in every catc Grey or White Hair to its orignal colour, without leaving the dis* agreeable smell of most " Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly boautiful, as well as promo* ting the growth of tho hair on bald spots, where the glands aro not decayed. Ask your Chemist for "The Mexican Hair Kencwor," sold by Chemist* and Perfumers everywhere at 3s Cd per Sottlo. Wholesale depftt, 33, Farringdon lload London* England, 