WORK FOR HOLIDAYS. I have been consulted by several corres pondents as, to suitable needlework to while away the many more or less weary hours at . the seaside these holidays, and I must try and suggest something that shall be small, so that it may be easily carried about, shall be of a serviceable colour, so that an occasional smut may not prove too hurtful, and most important of all, shall be economical, so that if brought back to town in an unfinished con dition, the ghost of repentant prodigality may not reappear too frequently in the dreams of the conscience- stricken sluggard. Another requisite of a piece of work that may be done out of doors is that the colours should be rest ful and that no shading should be required, for, in face of the wonderful blues and greens of the sea, with the everchanging lights and the all-absorbing shadows, no one coxild possibly find interest or pleasure in the trivial tints of a comparatively insignificant flower. Well then, I take it, that, as the piece of work must be small and light, we cannot do better than select either a blotter or a book cover, a telegraph-form case or such like. As we must bo economical our material must be linen, and as flowers are tabooed, we must select a conventional design. Among my collection of transfers I find that I have just the right design for the purpose, and quite a large variety of them. Here is a swan measuring some twelve by ten inches. It would look really capital on a blotter of dark green linen ; the bird itself might be worked out handsomely in white and grey, with ita red bill surmounted by a knob of black ; the one leg that just shows should be done in blaok, and the wing must be shapely and pointedly worked in dead dazzling white. This would make a most attractive and original blotter; the suggestion of water through which the swan moves making the design quite realistic. And here is another good design for the purpose. This is a frog contentedly squatting on some leaves the while it sniffs contemptu ously at some branches that reach to its nose; I should work this on blue linen, the frog to be outlined in brown and spotted with yellow, and the foliage to be all green. And yet another design deserves our attention. This is an owl sapiencly resting on the cros* bough of a tree while a sun on the right-band corner shines benignly upon him. This would look well on any shade of linen and could be worked in brown with the breast portion done in white, and huge black eyes with white rims round them. The sun I should cut out in yellow linen and applique it round, and the boughs of the trees should be of dark greeny brown. Of course all these designs would show to advantage if worked out in white flox thread upon a very brightly coloured linen ; such as a vivid red or a good orange yellow. I have any number of other transfers of griffins and queer-looking beasts and fishes which would be equally suitable and could also be worked either in white or black thread. I have just been presented with a very pretty telegraph-form case made of green linen, the design being geometrically arranged clusters of petals connected by chains ; these chains are worked in yellow silk, and beetles' wings are sewn cnrefully over the petals, forming a sort of iridescent flower. This would also be a suitable achievement for our seaside holiday, I hough the fear of mislaying any of the wing.s might prove a drawback. And yet another little piece of work strikes me as befitting this sea side holiday occasion, and that is a piano keyboard cover. But I will describe this in some other article. 