Book I. CHAPTER I. Lord Clanavon's Travelling Compan'oir. '"Pon my word, you're a -very amusiug fel low." , ;. The ¡person addressed flushed slightly as though offended by the patronising tone in which! these words were carelessly spoken. But his annoyance, if indeed he felt any, was evidently short-lived, for he answered back readily enough, with a little laugh: "Glad you think so; very glad. It isn't every day, you see, that a poor fellow like me has the chance of amusing a milord-especial ly an English one." "Milord" arched his eyebrows, and not hav> ing detected the faint tinge of sarcasm In the other's tone, put this remark down to pure snobbishness. So he withdrew a little fur ther into the corner of the comfortable first class railway carriage, of which the two men were the only occupants, and remained silent for a few moments, idly strumming upon the window-panes with his fingers. "How did you know my name?" he asked, abruptly, turning again toward his fellow passenger. "I didn't say that I did know it," was the reply. '-L heard your servant call you 'my lord' on the boat, and there's a coronet on your bag there, unless my eyes deceive mo-, which they very seldom do. Voila tout." "Did you cross from Calais, then? I didn't see you." The other shrugged his shoulders. "Very likely not. In fact, it would have been very strange if you had seen me, con sidering that I was in my cabin all the while;", "Sea-sick?" inquired "milord" contemptu ously: "Yes, sea-sick," was the unhesitating ad mission of his vis-a-vis. "I've never crossed yet without being sea-sick." The frankness of the confession was .riot without its effect upon the person to whom it was made. "Milord," although he was a yachtsman and a born sailor,, and had all a healthy young Englishman's contempt for ef feminacy in any shape or form, smiled indul gently. "Sorry for you. I was myself once, in the Bay of Biscay when I was eleven years old, and I haven't forgotten it. Deuced uncom fortable sensation it was." The difference between these two men, whom chance had thus thrown together on their journey from Dover to Waterloo, was very marked indeed. "Milord" was a typical young British aristocrat, with lons,, straight limbs, smooth, fair face, a little tan ned by exposure to all sorts of weather; well cut features, about which, there hoArered a slight vacuity of expresión common among young men of the higher orders Avho have no> thing particular to do with themeslves, and which was perhaps a little heightened by the single eye-glass which obscured one of his clear blue eyes. He was dressed in a light cheek travelling suit, colored shirt, with a white silk tie, and a small bunch of Parma violets in his buttonhole. He wore no gloves, and Iiis hands, though shapely, were hard and brown. A well-worn tobacco-pouch was open by his side, from which lie had recently replenished the deeply-colored meerschaum pipe which lie was smoking. Taken as a whole, his appearance Ava s distinctly aristo cratic, Avith a dash of Hie Bohemian. At any rate, no one could possibly have mistaken him for anything else but a gentleman. His companion AA'as a man of an altogether different stamp. His hair and moustache, once jet black, Avero plentifully besprinkled with grey, and his small oval face Avas deeply lined. His features, though not striking, Avere refined and delicate, and his prominent forehead and deep, clear eyes gave him some what the air of a student, Avhich, however, his restless, almost flippant, manner in a mea sure contradicted. His manners, indeed, Avere the least: pleasing pari: about him-alter nately nervous and inquisitive, labored and careless. He Ava« ill. almost shabbily, dress ed, and many little details about his person and tout ensemble Avere obnoxious to Iiis more distinguished fellow-traveller. Still, he had told some funny stories and had made himself viery amusing without attempting, to be familiar, and 'Lord Giana von, whom two things-raihvay travelling and his OAVII com pany- al Ay ays bored exceedingly, felt faintly grateful to this stranger of doubtful appear ance for relieving the monotony of his jour ney, and decided to tolerate him for the brief remainder of it. . ... "You didn't come*'up from Paris, did you?" he inquired carelessly. : "Yes-" . ii lt.,.ll.: I ii: ' "And you were on the boat, too? Seems queer I din't see you somewhere about." "I was below most ol' the time on the boat," tlie other reminded him. "Ah, yes. I suppose that was it. I thought I'd watched every one on board al Calais, too. There was a bit ol' a crush, though, and I must have missed you. Hallo! isn't that your ticket, on the floor?" he added, pointing to it with his f.oot . The other stooped forward quickly and picked it up. But Lord Olanavon's eyes were keen, and the ticket had fallen upon its back. "Why didn't you book through from Paris V" he asked, curiously. "That ticket's only from Dover, isn't it?" "That's all. The fact is, I lost my ticket somewhere, and had to re-book from Dover. A nuisance, but it couldn't be helped." There was a brief silence, during which Lord Clanavon yawned several times, and as his companion had ceased to be amusing, he picked up a sporting paper and studied it for a few minutes. Then the . train ran into Waterloo, and he rose and stretched himself with an air of relief. His fellow-passenger was the first to alight. Lord Clanavon returned his parting salute with a slightly condescending nod, then step ped out of the carriage himself, and, lighting a cigar, looked around for his servant. In a moment or two he came hurrying np. "Bring out my traps and -take them round to Grosvenor Square in a cab, Burdett," he ordered. "I shall Ava Ik. ' Wha t the mis chief's the matter with you?"--he added, in an altered tone, looking hard into the man's face; "you look as though you'd seen a ghost." "It's-nothing particular, my lord," Burdett answered, plunging into tho carriage, and busying himself folding up papers and col lecting his master's belongings. "It was ra ther a rough passage, my lord, and I think it must have upset me a little." Lord Clanavon, one of the most truthful young men in -the world, accepted his ser vant's explanation at once, though he glanced again with some curiosity into his pale, avert ed face. "I should have thought that you would have been used to it by now," he remarked. "There's some brandy in that flask on the seat. Help yourself, if you feel bad." "Thank you, my lord," Burdett answered, in- a low tone; but instead of doing so he ceased for a moment in his task and watched his young master's retreating ligure- with tears in hie eyes. "I ought to have told' him," he groaned; "hut I daren't. Oh ! poor Mr. Bernard ! Whatever will he do when he knows!" 