That Unusual 2\oisc. .• A. : ‘‘What is tha matter with you this morning?” B. : “I didn’t eleep well last night. There was an unusual noise in my room." “ Did it wake ycu up ?" “ Yes; any unusual nniee wakes me ap.” What was the unusual noire ?" “ Well, you see my wile never ocolda dur ing the day, but stores up oil her resentment, like this stored electricity.” “But you were Bpouking of an unusal ooiae during the night.” “Just so. I’m coming to that. You rr.<v I’m so used to her scolding that it sejs open me like an opiate. As long as the jaws 1 sleep like a top.” 11 But what wae tbo unusual noise ?” “ Well, she began jawing snd I fell asleep aa uetml, and L -would havo slc-V-t at: right it it had not been lor the unusual “ What unusual noise?" “She quit talking.” He : “ Nice night, isn't it ?” She : " Yet’ good night.” Housemaid (new to the instrument) : 1 Somebody ringin’ at do heiiephene, "Is Air. Brown at homo?” Servant: “ Yea, sir ; yon will find him at hk club.” Retentive Memc-ky : “ I fancy I’ve sc-on that face before,” " ires, that's the way 1 wear it.” A smart schooiboy has defined the word “Dormitory” as a place where yon try to sleep, and can't. Many a coffin ia covered with rosea by bands that never before gave ite occupant anything but thorns. Y'east: “ Do you play chess ?" Crimson beak : “ Well, no ; I can’t eay that I play it. I work at it occasionally.” “1 hear your husband is quite gallant Do you ever find any letters in his pocket ?’ “ Only the ones I give him to mail.” Society is vvhero people who were peer twenty-five years ago tell of the plebeian origin of their neighbors and conceal their own humble beginnings. Now in the parlor meet the pair, When golden day is done, Two forms with blit one rocking chair, Two hearts that beat as one. SatiTnERs (reading Eign) : ‘‘‘Hunan cS.' The poor idiots 1 Do they think anyone could look at that statue and uct know the hands were off ? ’ He could bos and ron nnd kick the ball With fine athletic airs; But he couldn’t heed the family call To carry coal upstairs. “ Who was that ringing at tho front door last night?” “The policeman.” “What did he want?” “lie wanted the baby to stop crying. It kept him awake.” Customer: “ I Bay, uncle, how long have you bad these new-laid r;.-gs in stock?” Bastus : “ I dunno exactly, hors. You see, Vse only been wu’kin’heah a month.” Mr. Sorer: “Funny how one forgets one’s Latin and Greek I l can’t lemcr/iber my • hie, haee, boo,’ even.” Airs. S. : “ 1 think you remember jour ‘ hie’ pretty well.” " On, would I were a bird 1” the sang. And the young man leaned his head wearily upon hiB hand, and murmured : “Would you were, and the window were open." “ There must be a fire somewhere,” said Jinks. “ Why, I didn’t; hear the belts,” said Snicks. “ Nor I,"'replied Jinks, “ but I just saw a messenger boy running." "I hear ynnr coachman ran cfT with .U10Q ol your money. Aro you going to try to re cover it?" “ No, tho poor fellow will ueedai; my daughttr went with him." Census Taker (to middle-arcd female): "How old are you, madam?” l-Y-u ale: “I have, ahem, seen nineteen si:n.m<rs.” “ Have you always lived in the trepice!” Miss Amy : “ And do you r.dr.:::e Alisa Travers, Air. Gut-fin ?” “Yt:- — awi’ly 1 She’s so unlike nil other girls, uoa’t-cher ' Rescuer (who has pulled a man cut of the water): “ Gracious I Your head is bteedirg. How oid you cut itBeicutd Alan : •* On the water’s edge, 1 guess.” I “Do great calamities move in cicles?" asked Brown. “ Tney frequently do in bicycles." said Smithers, who had recently left three luyers of his nasal cuticle on a macadamised read. Fogg: "I went to hear Gusi-c-rkigh preach last Sunday." Brcwr.: •• Wny, I thought yon hutch to hear him?” “So I do ; but it was his farewell etrmou, 1 went out of pure gratitude.” Yes, Augustus, we believe it is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. It is better for the jeweller, and the llorist, and the messenger boy—and sometimes for the lawyers. “A rr.NNY for your thoughts,” exe’aimcd Mis Gertie to young M-Gooscly. " Oh, av? —I don’t want to wob ycu like that, dencher know,” replied M'Goosely, and then he couldn’t see why everybody laughed eo up roariously. He (at midnight): “ Funny custom the Chinese have. The hostess is expected to notify the caller when it ia time to go." She (with a sigh) : “ But we are in Australia, you Miss Lovelorn: “Isn't this a pretty valentine Air. Da Garry sent me?" Miss Caustique : “ It’s the very one be sent me last year. I returned it with all his letters when our engagement was broken off.” Teacher : " Willie, how would you feel if you should nek eoraeboc'y for bread and be given a stone?" Willie (a jeweller's son): “ 11 it was no better than tne one on your ehirt front I’d feel awful.” I , “X haye this evening been preaching to a congregation of idiots,” Eaid a conceited young parson. “ Then that was the reason you always call them ‘ beloved brethren ?’’’ said a strong-minded young woman. Ghost (at a seance): Do you recognise me ?" Mrs. Topper (confidentially) : “ Yes, you are my late husband, John Topper.” Ghost (surprised) : “How did you know me?" Mrs. Topper (firmly) -. " I smelt your breath, John." “ Heavens I Yon have been eating penrs, and now you hBve sauerkraut. How will they go -. together?” "That’s for them to settle. I don’t bother myself about it.” “John,” Eaid the minister, "will ypn take this woman to be your wedded wife ?” “ Now, here, parson, what’s the use of asking ques tions like that ? What do you suppose I am after; a divorce?” An exchange says “ it is proposed to oall the operator of the type-writer a mens printer.” Quite a number of gentlemen are oalling their type-writers “Darling,” "Love,” “Dear,” and other pet names, “ I hear,” remarked Gilroy to a friend, " that you received an ovation at your lecture the ether night." “Yee," replied the lecturer, “ 1 did receive an ovation, but some of the ova were very stale." ; “Ton put your foot in it nicely to-night,” eaid Mrs. Sircetspcecb, “ How was that ?” asked licr husband. “ When yon t*ld Mrs. Fourthly that you were aure her husband would never, go the wny he sent other people." “ Well, and what of it?” “ Why, her husband is a preacher" “ Grent Scott 1 I thought he was a sheriff A Boston girl, ■ the . ofcer day, said to a Southern friend, who was visiting her, as two men rose in a: car to give them scats -. “ Oh, I wish they would hot do it.” “.Why not? I think it is very nice of them.” said her friend,. settling herself comfortably, “ Yes, but you can’t thank them, yon know, an,d it is so awkward.” “ Can’t thank them! Why not ?” “ Why; you, would- not speak to a strange man, would- you ?”; said tho Boston maiden, to the astonishment of her ijpntlt'ei'u fftondy ? “a’-' '■ I 