Plain Girls "Do plain girls ever become pretty?" I asks a correspondent. The answer is, Not always. Sometimes a girl of ordin- I ary looks grows into a most fascinating woman, and if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to be good looking awk- duckling of the family-develops into e cMnM a perfect specimen ~e of Iniralc lovely nrnmftn woman. The bony limbs have rounded themselves, plump soft flesh has nnea filled up un- sightly hollows, the squareness and angularity are departed, and the budding woman is as delicately proportioned as Venus. VCUUS. Just «lUi>l- so OW the plain giri of "" 17 — may in time become the attractive young lady or 24 or so. A face that in earjy youth is blank and devoid of expression often changes considerably as the ^irl grows.older, giving to the features a beauty that was not traceable there before. Bea-nty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness play serious havoc with a handsome face; and not these alone, for Nature, ot her own accord, sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its former self. The features are not altered so much as the expression, and expression, has a deal to do with witn tne the bSutTof countenance- In fact, a plain . face owes much —v. of its ite iinottrartivpTi^ unattractiveness to its lack of expression—there are a heaviness and stolidity about it; whereas a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation, has a graceful airiness and ease that add greatly to Its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution, for as the maid becomes a woman she undergoes a wonderful transformation. With witn the ine development uciraupiucui of vm. the figure —; the face often alters considerably, and mostly for the better. How often one hears the remark among friends, meeting after some few years of absence, "How you have altered; I really shouldn't t- have IK.vv: known imv i.i. you." ~ Plain ~ girls, therefore, are not always plain; and neaiuij exercise, u n woe, and contentment, with care and attention, may do much toward the development of good ness.— looks and general attractive- 1 "Exchange." 