CHA.TTERINGS. (By AN OCCASIONAL. | I say, who is the Scriptural authority of the Hegisteb. Here is a sentence from last Thursday's leading article;-—-*1 It wpuld/be easy to imagine the Vernier being moved by the outburst of popular feeling against any of the changes meditated to exclaim like Pila1 e, 4 Almost you persuade me to profess the same sentiments.9" Great Pi'ate's ghost! And this from a journal which has in numerable parsons on its staff. Fancy mixing up Pilate and Agrippa in this cold-blooded fashion. We may not want the Bible read in Sfc^te schools, but it really ought to be read occasionally in the EB8ISTBB Office. Perhaps the sporting editor was called in at the last moment to write the article. But, no, it must have been the dramatic critic, and while considering the quotation, 4 Almost thou persuadest me to become a Christian," he wavered between Pilate and hakespe *re, and eventually decided against the Divine Williams. A man with his arm in a sling was wi down King William Street when he was accosted by the Premier. " Well, were you at the Town Hall meetingT asked Charlie. " Was I at the meeting ?" was the response, " Look at my arm. They knocked me down, they trod on me, they played football with me, and they tore my wife away from me. Was I at the meeting ? What do you think V And then Charlie walked away whistling " Ballybooly " in ten different keys. The New Zealand Government propose next session to introduce a Bill fixing the maximum amount of interest that may be charged by mom y lenders. The children of Israel are squealing dismally in Maoriland as a consequence. It's all u|) with sbent per shent. * * * There is a great similarity in all election speeches, no matter whether the candidate is of Liberal or Conservative views. The columns upon columns Of twaddle which the dailies are publishing at so much per inch reveal the fact that there are few really original men in our midst. Pet phrases and even sentences occur again and again in different reports. One man makes : a phrase ; the others absorb it, and give it forth again. There isn't material enough in the whole of the 120 candidates now before the constituents to make half a dozen statesmen. Mediocrity is everywhere rampant. * * * ■ Poetical quotations have gone out of favor since Ebenezer Ward left the Lower House. That inflated politician practically knew but one poet, . and he quoted him in and out of season. Charles Mackay was Ebenezer's best friend. He assisted the ponderous windbag to gain many a salvo of cheering, and other members noting the effect used also to Vorrow from Mackay. But they lacked the accessories—the head thrown back, the hair wildly ruffled, the eyes fiercely gleaming, the hands firmly clenched. Ward pounded the senti ments home, and any imitation was bat feeble. How Ebenezer is in the house upstairs, and he has said good-bye to Mackay, who is too revolutionary for the man from Grampns. Imagine Ebby declaim ing nowadays Standing still is childish folly ; Going backward is a crime. You simply can't imagine it. The Roman ladies don't like Wagner. When " Walkure" was recently produced there was a great outcry made for two reasons. In the first place the theatre was darkened, and so the toilets of the fair were not discernable; and in the second place strict silence was enforced. Neither of these conditions would suit Adelaide ladies. If their costumes could not be seen they would certainly not go near the theatre, and if they were con strained to keep silent for two hours I very much fear t hat important blood vessels would be ruptured. To kt ar tbem chattering when an opera is in pro gress is to he reminded of a country fowlyard in the sunshine after a show* r of rain. * * * The New Zealand Opposition speak of the Government policy as being " bounce, blaster, banquets, and blink urn." The retort might be that the Opposition policy is "cheek, chaffering, champagne, and chestnuts." The "National" Party down sotrh is trying very hard to kill Seddon, just as the "National" Party in South Australia is endeavoring to spifflicate Kingston. But in each case the contract is too big, and it can't be done under the ordinary conditions of labor. Black legging is the only possible means of success. * * * After the Op'ra is over, Count up your uttermost greed, Take your best girl round to Taylor's, On oysters and stout there to feed. I throw in the advertisement because I have myself supped at Taylor's. Little parties after the opera are getting quite popular, and so long as the society ladies and gentlemen do not after wards attempt to dance the can-can on the pave ment as was once done in a similar case *1 Sydney, there can be no harm in the proceeding There is a suggestion of something deliriously naughty and Frenchy in a midnight supper, but it becomes quite commonplace when you are used to it. * * * Is it a sign of the times? The Register's attitude towards the Premier is becoming if not more friendly, at all events more judicial. But the scribe who has taken " Pencil's " place as city correspondent of the Kapunda Herald seems to dip his pen in th« gall pot whenever he has to write of Mr. Kingston. I wonder how his toes came to be trodden on. It occurred in a city luncheon room the other afternoon. A smartly though overdressed man was laying down the law. "Do you want my definition of a Democrat T he said truculently. " He's been such a failure in everything that he has undertaken for himself that he wants to have a finger in everybody else's business." There was a pause for a few moments, and then a thoughtful looking young fellow chipped in with, "And a Conservative is a man who has so constantly had his finger in the business of other people that he has left them none for themselves." This silenced the smartly dressed man, and he lapped up his soup in a hot, fevetish manner, like a dog which has just arrived at a water trough after a long run on a warm summer's day. * * Even the reading of a speech affords amusement at an election meeting. At a recent suburban gathering, as the candidate turned over each leaf of his manuscript he was greeted with cries of " Over " from all parts of the room. This reminds me of a similar incident which occurred when Sarah Bernhardt was playing in Adelaide. The book of the play containing the French and Eng lish words was eold each night, and every line was religiously followed by numbers of the people in the audience. One night a young fellow, who had been winking at a barmaid, was annoyed at the rustling of the leaves, so in desperation he at length bought a book, and when he found tnat the page of words had been exhausted he gave the cue "Over " in quite a stentorian voice, to; the amusement of himself and his f riends and the dis gust of those posing as French scholars. But to do the young man justice he didn't interrupt when the divine Sarah wason the stage. 4c 4; jk Which paragraph reminds me that Sarah has been showing her jealousy of She has told the Npw York reporters that Eleanora could not possibly play some of her parts, and that the Italian's forte is%comei^, ^ comedy and has failed. By hlie XtonjB am not swearings ladies) will not go to Chicago. When she visited the City of Pork a year or two ago it was raiuiug and windy, and everything had a Cod- forsaken appearance. Thereupon Duse registered a vow on her crucifix that Chicago should never see her again, and she means to keep her word. Sarah, however, will visit Porkopolis, and she ridicules Duse for pl^i)% in a couhti^ which she does not like. The Bernhardt admits that she could coin money if she went to Berlin, but she refuses to play to the Germans. \ i, , -1 The Vife and daughters of acandidatefor Parliament received invitations to " afternoon tea" a few days ago, ancF'it was~*becided that they should be accepted. ^ numerously attended by ladies m? the neighbor hood, and one gentleman addressed a few lwop^ of honied wisdom to the fair ones. That gentle man it may be mentioned is a candidate for political honors, and the feelings of the wife and daughters aforesaid may be imagined when he rose ^ Why, he is actually an opponent of the husband and father 1 Doubtless no affront was intended, but it seems rather a cruel thing tb have done. Here is another "afternoon tea" story. The incident occurred in the district of Onkaparinga. Among the guests was a strong-minded lady who has successfully battled, with the world, and vrbb for a long time has been both father anil mother to a considerable family. To her approached one of the moving spirits of the gathering, and thus spoke she, "You will vote for Mr. Merino, wont you ? He has such splendid views." "Ah," replied the widow, " but what are his views This was a bit of a poser, but after a moment's thought the other lady said bih^hMy^ "Oh, I don't know quite what they are, but they are just splendid!" Natural, isn't it 1 * * ■ * They were looking oyer the canvasser's list of promises." '-Ah," said the supervisor, "I see you've got Mrs. Melchisedek marked o£E" Yes," was the reply, "and she's a certainty." " Humph* Seen her lately ?" " Only yesterday, sir, and she gave me her promise herself." " Strange* I ait* tendedthe poorold lady's funeral a month ago." This happened in Forth Adelaide. * ' ' * The Premier and Mr. Batchelor will have practically a walk over In West Adelaide. Hie opposition of Mr. Abbott wiU kirdl|^^^^ seriously, though doubtless he will get the votes of all those who do not love Mr. Kingston. As to Mr. Charles Beer it is a pity that we have not a law in operationcompelling the deposit of j£50 by each candidate, such deposit to be forfeited in the event of a certain number of votes not being; polled. A joke is all very well in its way, but none of us want to see electioneering degenerate into a farce. It is surprising that the H.D.L. have not pitted someone worthy of the Premier's steel against him. IHd nobody want to lead '& Forlorn Hope? . 1h:t 