CHURCH SERVICES. CHURCH OF THE APOSTLES. A RECEPTION' INTO THE PRESENTA TION CONVENT. At eleven o'c'ock yeeterday morning an interesting ceremony took place at the Church of tho Apostlcs. when the Misses Riordan. (2) received the religious habit, and,were tormally admitted members of the presentation ordt r. The ceremony was a most impressive one, and rapt attention was strikingly alpirnt throughout by the vast congregation, for a considerable pro. portion of which only standing room could be found. The Archbishop of Hobart (Most Rev. Dr Murphy), attended by the Very Rev. Dean Beeohinor, performed the ceremony, and at the appointed hour the organ pealed forth, and a procession, headed by a sister of the novices elect, acting as cross-bearer, emergel from the convent grounds and entered the western doorway of the church, where, having arrived in front of the altar raile,it halted ; and the robes, belts, veils, and white mantles of the postulants, who were attired in r ch bridal costumes, were placed in silver baskets on the com munion rail, signifying the renunciation of all worldly gco.I and chattels. The sisters took' their places in a kneeling posture with the " bridal angels," the Lady Superior, and lady assistant in close proximity. After the usual interrogations had been put by the celebrant the novi tiates, with the Lady Superior, lady assis tant, ani attendants, then retired to the convent, where the bridal costumes were removed. While the procession was awaj Miss Griffi~hs rendered a violin solo in an excellent manner, while shortly after Miss 'Grant's rich voice was heard in a solo sweetly renderel. Upon the retuirn of the postulants the full choir sang " Quco eat ista," and thi celebrant, in the act of pre senting tach with the veil, spoke the fol lowing words :-" Reeeive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou 'mayest follow the Lamb without stain, and mayest walk with Him in white, is thi name of the Father, and of the Son, and ol ,the Holy Ghost. Amen.' Each then assumed her new name, the one re:eiving the title of Sister Magdalene, while the other will is future be. known as Sister .Aloyeius The Very Rev. John O'Mahony cele' trated the mass, and at the close cf th seerv:c the Archbishop gave the cn .grega'io2 the Pontifial be.ediction, th as being one of the few occasions in the year 'when he is permitted to do so. In addition to the Misses Griffi'hs and Grant, Mr F. Ferguson assisted in the choir, the music of the service being can ducted by Mr A. R per, whb?l Mrs Erskine :Parker presided ot the organ. 