A BICYCLE RIDE FOR LIFE. (ScoRniNE's MAGAZINE.) I intended to break the record, as the slang phrase goes-no very difficult matter, I reflected, so far as a Canadian winter record on the bicyc'e was concerned. To do so, however, required judgment. I knew that I had the long rise into the forest before me and I must reserve my strength for that. I went steadily on. I had crossed the level at last, and I knew I had done well. The light was bright enough to see the time, but I de c'ded to wait till I entered the forest. It was no longer q-oite so easy to keep the bicycle up to speed There was more effort in the pressure oa the pedals, a little more sensation in the muscles of the legs as I did so. I looked round. Yes, I had already made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was regular, but not steep enough gro sty to reduce my speed. As I went I glanced from side to side-for I was conscious of the oppressive solitude of the forest ; but my ptee was not re tarded for a moment. One of the sleighing pirty had been talking of wolves. The winter it seemed had been an early one, and it certainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, had been showing in packs not 20 miles to the north. There was not a sound but the low crisp crunch of the snow under the wheel i of my in, chine, and even that soemed bushel aid distant. Yet what was that ? Was it fancy, or did I hear something thrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand ? Surely there was some thing-if it was only the wail of a distant gust of wind moaning through the frozen pines ! I bent over the bicycle and con centrated my energies upon facing the long ascent. Tuere it was agaiu I It was no wall of the norihcrn wind-no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of a living thing. It was nature's savage com plaint against the pangs of hunger ! On and on we flew. There was not a breath of wind t) stir the lightest snow flake on the tecdese t spray, 3et my hair wa3 thrown back from my brow, where great drops of perepiration now gathered and began to trickle down my face. On an on! without a thought but that of pressing forward, with out a hope but that of reaching the descent of the slope, and the edge of the fur..a. And ae I went I knew that I was followed. From the dim arcades on my right came from time to time a short gasping howl, cout short in the moment of utterance by the exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were in full cry. It was a race for bare life. I leant .o.ward, and threw every energy I possessed into the one effort to press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts. l hs long hanging boughs nearly brushed my face as I swept past. The cold air blew in my face and carried even the heavy fur of my c.at behind me as I rushed through the night. And yet my parcu ra did not lose groucd. On the contrary, they were gaining. Not quickly, Lot with a rush; but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was deadly, with a monotony that was ghastly beyond expression. I clenched my teeth with fl rte determination. I kept my eyes fixed on she line of light that stretched on and on in front, as if it would never end ! The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild buzzing in say head, there was a weary feeling growing in my limbs, there was a despairing sense of the uselessne s of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate it was now that for the first time I saw something of my savage persuers. There was a shadow on my right-only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a heal-a long, sharp muzzle-the m euth open, the lower jaw hanging, the ears erect! Ia crept on. Little by little it gained on me-an inch only an inch at a time, but always ai inch more! lhis shadow became a horror to me. At last ! Tae long, straight road made a curve to the right. Not a sharp curve, but enough to bring me to closer quarters with my untiring pursu 'r. In a moment as I pressed upon the handles and followed the sweep of the road he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had given place to the substance-with a long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. He was old, for I cuuld see that his hair was grey as it showed in the moonlight. His huge mouth was w~de open, showing a row of formidable fange, and his long red tongue hung from his slavering jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red coals gleamed from beneath the thickly matted hair that hung over his face. There was a look of exlaustion abmut him that for the moment increased the horror of his appearance. Involuntarily Iswerved as he sprung, and his great jaws came together with a soap not an inch from my ke.ea. His leap had cost him something in opeed, and be fell back qu te half a yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gather ing horror <f his pureuirng shadow, and the change aroused me. My hand went in stinctively to the handle of Bob'e revolver. The f imiliar touch aeomed to reassure me. I diew it from my belt. I weighod it in my hsard so as to gro v accustomed to it. I daiei not turn en my seat, and yet I must pet a shot at ths grizzled leader of the pack. Ics neibly I slackened my pies for a seoond or teeo; insensibly the huge head crept up once more to my hind wheel, to my fo or, a hItdle in froot of my foot!l Once mote he was gathering himself together for a spring Once more his blood-shot, hungry eyes were turning toward me as he kept up hWe long leaping gallop. It wee the moment. Quick as thoughte I fired. The hall s ruek him-struck hum, I think, on the shoulder, fa r with oc e fierce snarl, that seemed to s xpress pain, disappoint ment, and terror all in one, he rollect over in a heap almost against the ruohung wheel of my bicycle. There was a pause in the chase l Once more I turned to the trackr. Once more I concentrated every energy so increase the dietance between myself and my relentless pursuers. The welcome respite was but a short one. My head swam dizz ly with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long and fierce excitement; my limts grew numb and heavy under the desperate strain. Thank Gin l I was on the downward elope. Thank G d l there wan at last a prospect of e~cape. The descent made itself quickly felt. Ex halusted as I had been, I1 couldn't have kept it much longer, and I must have been overtaken. Down the lour smooth slope we rushed at a pace that was momentarily increasing. I looked beh'nd me once more. The wolves were following still, but taey too were growing exhausted. I glanced at the ascent beyond the b~idge; I glanced at the labouring pureuers behind me-I could do it still ! I dached at the bridge. I was across, and now the ascent began. I bent over the bicycle, I forced my weary limbs to exert themselves once more. For fully a hundred yards the ascent was steep, and the exertion was terriible. Slower and slower I seemed to go with each moment. The perspiration poured from my face, my legs and ankles burned as if steeped in liquid fire. I clenched my teeth and gripped the handles as if for bare life, and at each slow turn of the wheels I eeemed to myself to hear the panting of the wolves behind me. At lat I did it! At the top of the slope I turned and looked behind me. The moon light shone white on the grey leader as he bounded on to the bridge ; two others fol lowed him closely, the re it were scattered behind them on the road. Not one had as yet abandoned the chase-not one had yet given up hopes of the prey. I drew my re volver from my belt once more, I rested the barrel for amoment on the handle of the machine. As the lender neared my end of the bridge I turned and fired. I hit him. With a sharp ho el he sprang into the air and fell half across the parapet, then be tuned ever and I could see his body glance whitely as he plunged into the river below. Exhausted as I was, 1 found that I could make an effort still. I could hear nothing of the wolves, but yet for aught I kot-w they might be following still. Imagination supplied the place of my dulled senses, and I could fancy I heard their panting behind me-I could even imagine the sharp scuffling of their feet on the snow. Suddenly a broad stream of light fell across the road. There was a cound of voices which sounded strangely far away; there were the figures of men, though they lookd lke the mnm we see in dreams. My bicycle swept on, but I could no longer control it. Everything swam before my eyes, my limbs refused to mote any longer-I felt that I was falling falling-end I was caught in Dr. Jackson's strong arms. 