BRITISH AND FOREIGN THE CORONATION OF THE CZAR. The grandest pageants of the century are now in progress at Moscow, the Holy City of the Russians. Lavish magnificence has always characterized the policy of the Czars at coronation times; but never I before has so huge a sum as fifty million ! roubles been devoted to the purposes | of conducting the ceremonials, entertain ing the visitors, and feasting the people. j-On Thursday the triumphal entry of the Czar took place, and, as our telegrams have announced, he rode alone on a white charger, followed by the Czarina and a cavalcade of European and Oriental Princes, while 200,000 soldiers lined the streets, The spectacle of that gorgeous cavalcade, passing along the wide thorough fare of the Tverskaia, is one which will dwell long in the mind of many a Russian peasant and be spoken about as the greatest national event of his life time. Along the boulevards, with their magnificent avenues of trees, the apparently interminable procession moved towards the great Kremlin Hill, rising so boldly from the banks of the River Moskva, and commanding at tention from every part of the city, in the very midst of which stands as a hugo watchtower the very embodiment, to the imagination of the patriotic Russian, of the greatness of the empire and of its vast strength and stability. The Ptilace of the Kremlin is not merely a palace, but a stately group of buildings all of which possess for the inhabitants of i Moscow "the most intimate associations with the history of their ancient city. Above the glittering domes and spires fly countless flocks of pigeons, wheeling and edding continually and at times , almost darkening the sky with their flight. No Muscovite will ever lay ! ruthless hands upon one of these, for the bird stands to him as the emblem of the Holy Ghost. Traversing the belts of trees, over which frown the walls, | sixty feet in height, the Imperial pro cession climbed the slope to the Spass ' Vorata, or Great Gate, overshadow ing that much-venerated and mys terious picture of the Saviour, before which every knee must bow and every head must be un covered It is always in the Cathedral of the Assumption, within the famous walls of the Kremlin, that the Czar and his consort are crowned. There, in the midst of the gorgeous magnificence and overioaaea grandeur or tnac wonaerrui specimen of interior architecture, the crowns were on Tuesday placed upon the heads of Nicolas IJ. and Alexandra Feoderovna witli all the solemnity and pomp by which the hierarchy of the Greek Church have been wont to inspire the people with awe and devotion. At the invitation of the Emperor of all the Russias thirty Princes of reigning dynasties from various parts of the world, together with almost numberless Am bassadors and other representatives, are now assembled at Moscow in honour to the occasion. From far distant China comes the chief Minister of that ancient Empire, which in its recentgreat extremity vas glad to receive the guarantee of Russia for a loan of sixteen millions sterling wherewith to pay the demands of victo rious Japan. Upon him, no doubt, the greatness and magnificence of the Russian Empire will be impressed in a way that will force him to communicate his feelings to his own people. England has sent at least one son of the Queen, and the coincidence to which we have already called attention that the time of the coronation is only two days subsequent to the seventy- seventh anni versary of Her Majesty's birthday, will not escape notice in the mutual felicita tions. From Germany and Austria Hungary various scions of the royal families are also present, exchanging formal courtesies with thpir formidable neighbour, and no doubt noting, with a certain amount of suppressed com ment, the effusively warn) welcome accorded to the French Ambassador and special envoys. What a contrast is pre sented by this visit of the French in 18i)f> and that which took nlacC in 1812. after the great battle of Borodino, when the people of Moscow set fire to their city rather than allow it to fall into the hands of that inexorable master of Europe, the great Napoleon ! Through the agency of her rigorous winter Russia then had her revenge upon France, and 850 cannons taken from the Grand Army are still preserved within the walls of the Kremlin in commemoration of the downfall of Russia's terrible foe. Doubtless the French Ambassador and his suite will be carefully kept from coming in contact with such inconvenient, - reminders of a time when the French and the Russians entertained anything bub a cordial feeling towards one another. The French Legislature, anxious t.o dis play its loyalty to its ally, has voted £'88,000 to defray the expenses of the Embassy during the ceremonies, and in Paris itself illuminations and popular re joicings are to be the order of the day. (hi the occasion of the last coronation the Em peror and Empress were received at. St. Petersburg by the German Ambassador. The French Ambassador happens now to be the <ioyc.n of the diplomatic corps, and he has had the honour on behalf of his colleagues of welcoming the Imperial couple. Among the functions to which the Emperor will be invited is a ball, to be given by the representatives of the Republic at the SheremotiefF Palace, for which 2,000 invitations have been issued. The French people never do anything of tin's sort by halves, and pravmtm yraa made' for the ehtiy into Moscow of the two Ambassadors in a style befitting the time. Two palaces have been hired fortbeir accommodation, and every accessory that pomp and glitter can supply has been provided to mark their presence and to accentuate the cordial relations subsisting between their Government andRussia. * • ' The - future of the monarch who is. being inducted into his Imperial chair with such magrfificence of ceremonial is sur charged with difficulties. He has to perform the formidable task - imposed upon him by his nobility and by the iron bound traditions which beset his office of governing a fairly enlightened European nation by methods appropriate rather to the mediaeval ages than to the present times. His answer to the deputation which waited on him at the Winter Palace after his accession and requested to knojr how he'regarded the matter of constitu tional reform left no doubt whatever that he is determined to unflinchingly uphold the absolute autocracy of his position. Similarly the way in which he last , year rejected the petition from the journalists of his Empire in favour of some small modicum of freedom for the Press indicated that he wilhtry to stamp out as resolutely as his predecessors have done not only all revolutionary sentiment, but also all freedom of public utterance. Yet no one can . doubt that, in so far as lies in his power, he has the welfare of his people at heart, and ail his efforts in the direc tion of ameliorating their condition will be? warmly seconded by the Czarina, a princess whose sterling character and' strong sense of duty were strikingly exhibited when- she refused, on her ad mission to the Greek Church, to follow the senseless custom of formally cursing ihe faith of the Church which she had left. Ceaseless effort for the welfare of the Russian people is now the motive of her life, and she is said to be constantly impressing upon her Imperial husband a- due recognition of the obligations of his high office. Doubtless it is in part owing to her influence that the great ceremony of the coronation is to be signalized by the granting of an amnesty to thousands of political prisoners and by the abolition of the use of the knout. But the enemies of the Imperial pair lie continually in wait for their destruction, and, indeed, even in such festivities as those now in progress the implacable avengers can find a text to their hands for denouncing the extravagance of Imperial rule and contrasting it with the poverty and sufferings of multitudes of the Rus sian people. Blind with the fury of their pent-up thoughts on this, to them, maddening topic, the Nihilists seem to be still impressed with the strange idea that if they can only kill another Czar with dynamite they will bring about constitutional reform. Hence the fiendish attempt to prepare a mine for explosion underneath the route to be fixed for the procession. But the vast majority of the Russians shudder with horror at such manifestations of m urderous designs. They still look upon the Czar as their Imperial father, the head of their Church-on earth, and their ruler and leader in civil and military govern ment. In honouring his assumption' of the Grown of Peter the Great they believe that they are giving assurance of the main tenance of the glory of the nation and attesting to the world its power and its greatness. 