CORBESPOJTDENCS. TO THE EDIF OB, Sir,— hat of being a black, re J, or white Under the w benign taws of sublime nature, everything that is vis'b'e or invisible in various colors constitute a fundamental instrument for a certain purpose that hnman intelligence is incapable of comprehending. Several individuals of various types and having some c«libre of inUllect pronounce the word '-black" contemptuously at the cost of tbat individual who was cestined to be da k-skinned, and they think it is a good day's spoit. I do not see any reason why those individuals sh'u'd d grade their valuable talent and mock at immutable works of nature. &he; has placed everything, whtther material or immaterial, animateor inanimate, on equal fooling in more or less degree of perfection in respective Fpheres, excepting the higher intellectual endowments of individuals, which are, of course, the very nature which mauifests htreelf as being of great genius to contemplate her instrumental functions in creation of Cosmos. At the same time such talented genii have no right to lake an advantage of nature in her humble and inferior existence on thia material plane, but tfce superiority of the intellect should strive .to protect the inferior. Every thought, word, and deal uttered and committed will have its reward or punishment,aud the men of reason should weigh things in order not to laugh or mock at God-nature, who is everything, eterna', infinite, present in a'.l times, past and future. The teachings of biology, geology, botany, zoology, and as'ronomy confirm us in toe idea that all things with lespeclive forces in nature aie linked, as it were, and her combination is s> complex that one is essential for the existence of another: otherwise there would be no world, and therefore such collective force in nature what we ordinarily term God. When people abruptly refer to their victim as " black," I do not take the term as insult, but sympathise with them for the ignorance displayed in mocking at God-nature, the creator of everyi liing. It is n. t the fault ot those who were destined to be black, ncr conld individuals change or metamorphosj their skin to various shades at will to evade tiiat contemptuous expression by ineeist.ble, impe.ucus persons of lower order. However, nature being a'solntely perfect whatev- r her m nifestation may bs, we are thoroughly satitfied to partake of the qualities of htr intentions. If people do not recognise her laws Jet ihem go to that h„t place which is suppose i to have been in existence and prepared from the foundation of the world (cede Scripture). Fomctlmej I bave heatd people say contempt nously " b Indian," just IO tpecify by aa expiesBion of hatred, without being able to understand the signification of the term "India.". And if they discover the meaning of it they will utter it *o more, as it is being too good a wort for focalled white men to txprtss on behalf o£ sivage Indians I do not w.flb, Sir, to take ap your lime, Jbut favor ms if you can to insert " thia in your valuable paper so tbat it may b nefit some to know the combination of eoiors in ihe first principle and second pioduction of natu e (matterj. Although I could toaet of bein^ an Ary -n, I do not wish to enter upon a i-ubject of anthrepogenesis to establish a clear litle whether I am black, red, whiteor anything. I know Europeans and their desceniantscall thtmselves white people, but anthropology does not treat the subject or define anytbing«fa white iace, and in fact that toere is no such group in existence, *nd I might as well classify thsm blonde and brown Eu ot ean typse. Perhaps the European white races attributed .the origin of that word to their giga tic intellectual force which is wanting in Asiatics, or in other words non compot mentis. I should like very much to impress noon those contemptuous and narrow- minded beings of circumstances that any mockery against infinitesimal manifestations of Gndnaiure in her va ious forms i* a sin that cannot be >ett unpunished. In yonr Holy Bible you read that whatsoever said against God and His begotten Son sba'i be excused, but the man that sinneth against the Holy Ghost ehall not inherit the Kingdom < £ God, and I will conclude my le ter with the desc iption of the giace if nature ts observed by the intellectual and cjntempla'ive province of every individual man in ascordance to mental and physical perfection, who divinate her as follows:— How wondrous thou, O, Mater Admirabiiis, Above all angel choirs thon'rt pure and fair. Robed with the dazzling-sun, Thou glorious one. Naught else created can with thee compare, A marvel and a joy to me thou ever art, O, Peerless mother-maid, sole sovereign of my Leart. 11 Your. Ac., [Let it be remembered that we object to no man cn account of his color. It is tolely a question of the compatibility of varied and differing civilizations. We must protect ur own, and hence object to tho£e of whatever color whose pre- ence would have a tendency to destroy or degrade it.— A meeting cf eharthoidera in the Mt. ertrude Gold Mining Company was held on aturday evening to cos firm the articles of ssociation and to authorise the registration f the reconstructed company. With the xception of the holders of 10 or IS shares 'l ihe shareholder in the oiiginal sjndicate scame subscribers and took up all the availble sb res. Mr J. H. V. Young, the manaer of the minr, reports that actual develop en's are going on, and the show looks better han ever before. Abundant capital is now vailable to thoroughly work the mil e. The ollowing gentlemen were appointed direcors Messrs. Haskins, Haliiday. M'Ardell, . L. Griffith, andiJ. H. Fawcett. Mr Spence as appointed secretary and Mi Dodd uditor, while Mr Norbert Keenan is to be etained as solicitor. BRAHMIN. ED.] 