TS8 I0UTE 0? THE LITTLE PITCHER, Sir Alhelstane Clarke considered that he had a very fine and decided charac ter. His friends said that .he ?vas as ob stinate as a, mule. That was where the difference of. opinion came in.. .His ap pearance suggested the idea that, after nature had planned him out and arran ged him on the usual principles, some mischievous goblin had given him a', ! jerk away. Tlie result was that' (he presented more and more ungainly an gles for general observation than could- be surveyed on any equal space of hu man superficies. His hair also was of peculiarly crude ocherish hue, and had a tendency to stand upright after a fash ion only tolerable in the presence of a ghost This symptom, however, did not betoken any lack of courage in his com position. nor was he at all afraid of spectral visitants. Some people said it was a proof of re markable daring that' he should have set his heart on marrying. Mrs Daven- ant. One or two of his relations even tried to attack liim on the subject. It was then that lie showed his firmness— or obstinacy. "Mrs Devenant is a most charmiug and beautiful woman," he said, "and of course, she has enemies. But even her enemies dare not say anything definite against her. If they did tneri the law would deal with thein." After that, as the ladies agreed, there was nothing more to be said. If a man was actually so vulgar as to talk of the law in connection with ladies, and if oue was to be bothered by a horrid law yer just because one discussed the or dinary conversation of the day, well, really things are coming to a pretty pass. Sir Athelstane Clarke had not yet proposed to Mrs Davenant. That was more the result of accident than of di ffidence. He was slow of speech and had a leaning to preambles. On several oc casions he had set to work to open the subject, but by ilie time he had finished his introduction something always hap pened. On one occasion a visitor had been announced. On another, a second couple had come into the sitting room and planted themselves wifhin a yard or so. Once again, when he mus really go ing along at a fine pace, Mrs Davenant herself was so oppressed by the heat of the conservatory that she felt quite faint, and he had to take her out into the air. He regretted this occasion es pecially, because not only had he ex pressed himself remarkably well, and, he thought, made a real impression on her, but five minutes or so more would have settled the question. Then there was the occasion when a Mr Lyndon had pursued them up the stairs and insisted that it was his dance. Mrs Davenant had given in too easily to the intruder, but she explain ed afterwards that the young man was a dear friend of her brother's, and so she felt obliged to allow him the dance as it was really his, tlioughshe did not care to dance with boys as a rule. Sir Athelstane privately thought that Mi- Lyndon could scarcely be regarcd as a "boy," though doubtless considerably junior to Mrs Devenant, but still he was pleased to find that that was Mr Lyn don's exact position in her opinion. Sir Athelstane had a liking fur pre cipitating a crisis. He wrote to Mrs Davenant, requesting an interview in order that he might communicate some thing of the highest importance. Tn re ply she named a lime. Punctually to the moment Sir Athel stane arrived. He brought in liis packet a leather case containing a most magni ficent diamond necklace. In liis hands he carried a handsome box of bonbons. The latter was to be an offering in ad vance. The former was to be clasped round her neck when she liad pronounc ed her consent- Mrs Devenant would be down In a few minutes, the smart servant told hina. as she ushered him into the tiny but alto- , gether dainty drawingroom, where. sub dued lights shed a discreet glimmer and "the scent of flowers filled the! air. Sir Athelstane was accustomed to receiving Ibis intelligence, ami also finding that the few minutes sometimes -extended themselves to half an hour. He did give one impatient thought to the re flection that as Louise— thai is. Mrs Da venant— was aware that he was to-be- ox I ice ted at that moment, in fact, had fixed the time herself, shV might have begun her toilette, or whatever it was that detained her, a little earlier, He had hardly settled himself down to wait with the dogged 'determination which was characerlstic of the man/ when a Utile figure in a little frock coat, came towards him out of tlje gloom of the back drawingroom. This was Lulu, Mrs Dat'enant's' little girl, a' lovely 1 child, who had inherited her mother's' delicate features, fine jyes and 'chest nut hair, and promised to be even more beautiful at some remote period. A tender-hearted person might have con ceived a hope that the child's counten ance might never acquirer lie somewhat hard look which the perpetual difficulty of making two ends meet bad impressed on the mother's handsoiVie face and de fied all her efforts to banish dt.<- "Howdodoo, Sir AUtleton?" said Lu- , lu, with much childish dignity, and an exact Imitation of her 'mother's manner and intonation that would jhave. been perfectly delightful to aoyonejiot quite so preoccupied with his mvjf affairs. "Is bo waiting to see mamma ? 'Have no brought hpr any ,\veets?": And, when the viBitbrfiiad replied — JT 'like,' "no,"' continued Lulu, putting up 'her face8 to be kissed, "because oo Ining- mamma such nice sweets." \ " ' Hitherto Sir Athelstane haft nit Goif-' versed much with Lulu. He Was al ways studiously kind iq Mrs Dayanaiu's « little/girl, just as hq' was gracious to All's Dat'enant's pug/and tic'VAs quite prepared to accopf both as apperfliagos of his bride.plecL At, llie.aipe, time he privately opined that Lulu + would' fsoon gd to echool;J,a'hti'1tfce',pug' coifld' riot be expqqted to 'last, much longer, i Now. however, otpfflblng, Jn\pelled. him to talk to Lulu. -'"It seemed as if even her childish '.brattle iwiUcbt at other, times he would hajvepsnj,, jfcavq been preferable to sitting lliere1 in st" lence waiting, waiting. 4|Altf msmma llke j&vfeets.; £1 ioV£.: \ hejinqulredi"/ -mi , -. . iq-. shead,v lol Cp tly. ,v 4lAnd dpes «he, limine. '' . Again LUlui nt>aaW/:hut wltii: a cet / falhHVsit&Uoti; which shggested tiiat on-, tyis -point "fehe was noc quite iso ossuf eft ai itheieat: rr.--V U 'v'» .. 'do, Jyou think sbq ftqeBn tr .continued fr whose Tntdr-' est was suddenly atoftsed. "Well; '1 5 think rfhe ' ittuSti' else she. .vculdhV be going to tokxsvty job/' ire- plied Lulu;. but still with; pbvioufi;ftpubt. There wa a brief silence. . Lulu -eyefti. trie box of rion bons wlth much concern,, knowing well and regretting much the tact triat'tiibfe w-as no' -chance- of 'its "being opened until her mother /appear ed. Sir Athenians was; altogether arn- nzedfat jt,he ohi\d!s last words/ He was also piqued. at the doubt which Lulu was eyldently "disposed, to cast on the reality of her mamma's affection for him. Afc lie mused over it, he became anxious to ascertain -tlip'tf-ue .meaning, of this combination. Hje was remotely aware,; of .course, that in oncouragmg the child t'o repeat whaj/she had hehnl' from her mbtlier rinthout full compeer beiisiori of the' meaning, he; was splaying a rather dishonorable part. 'But the spirit of a counsel for the prosecution seized on him', aiid he was determined to arrive at the truth. -"Apd. how did you find that out. you: clever iitllfe thing?" said Sir Athelstane, '.endeavoring to banish all trace of his real feelings from his voice and expres sion. .. . "Oh, I know," replied Lulu. tossing ficr head hirlly. Then she contlnued.ia an awestruck whisper with apparent ir relevance, "Did oo ever see mamma cwy?" . Sir Athelstane cpuld not remember that lie had. One of Mrs Davenant s principai'kttraciions to birn was that she was' always smiling, bright swxd say- "I have," said Lulu, with the express slon of superior knowledge and In the some mysterious tone. "She cwied last night, cwied hard-just like me, when I am naughty and people are liowwid' only mamma, of course, can't bo naughty, and .Mr Lyndon isn't —cwied just like me when I am bad. naughty girl, and sent into the corner. "What w.ere they talking about, said Sir Athelstane, as gently as if the scathing stroke which he had just re ceived from those tiny fingers had never beep delivered. "T didn't notice," replied Lulu. I was playing wltl> my doll, and mamma and air Lyndon were playing that game which grown-ups play when they talk about love and pwetend — it's a non sense game, mamma says ha\ e oo ever played it? I don't think I have seen oo. And so I wasn't attending— until I heard mamma say vewy loud that it was of no use, and she was a mls'wable wetch, and she was going to mawwy oo — Sir Attleton — and then cwied just as if she were vewy naugh- Lulu was so absorbed in her own thoughts that she did not observe Sir Atbelstane's perturbation. She ap proached nearer to him, and after de- voting much care to smoothing out a. crease in her frock and then plaiting it again into Its previous disorder. hegan once more to examine the hon hon hox-,, "Did you see no more of the game- said Sir Athelstane. at last. "Oh! no. Mamma sent nte to look lor her tortvshell fan in her bedvoom, and I went and hunted it evewywhere, and couldn't find it: the nurse said that p'w'haps a faiwy had borrowed it and would bwlng it hack when she had done with it. And do oo know," aded Lulu, whose eyes became round with wonder and awe, "It was on the dwessing table in the morning. Do oo weally think. Sir Attleton, that a faiwy could have done It?" "I am afraid I don't know much about fairies," said Sir Athelstane. with a grininess of manner which would not have been unbecoming to a gnome. He rose as he spoke, with the full in tention of leaving the house at once. Pure chance had saved him from a great error, and it would be as well not to despise the warning. "As vour mother seems to be engag ed." lie said, "and I am rather pressed for time, will you tell her that I will write?" It would he so easy to write some plausible explanation both of his visit and departure, he thought, hut It would not be quite so easy to carry out this simple programme by word of moutli under the searching Inquiry of her eyes: At that moment there was a frou-frou- of draperies on the stairs, and Mrs Davenant entered— radiant witli color, exquisitely dressed, more beautiful than he had ever seen her — with a smile on her lips and a welcome in her melodious tones. Could this be the woman whom Lulu had depicted in her childish way as sobbing her heart out for love of a mere hoy. whose purse was as slender as his pretensions were ridiculous? It seemed impossible. Yet Sir Athelstane knew perfectly -well that if Lulu had hoen "pretending," to use her own word, her story would have come out in a different form. Now mark how things happen. If Sir Athelstane had decided to go away a minute before, there would have been an end of all tilings as far us he and Mrs Davenport wc-rf concerned. And as young Lyndon's regiment did not sail for Tridia for another month, and Tndht is a place where men get double pay, and chances if they work and push,' or tiro pushed by clever and handsome wives, there is no knowing what might have been the result As 1t was, Sir Athelstane felt that he could not run away directly. It would be rude. Anft she looked fjo exceedingly handsome He stayed, therefore, with tlie fixed Intention of paying merely an. ordinary visit. Perhaps he would pass the matter off .by offering her tickets foT the theatre. Perhaps he would punish her by leaving her to puzzle over the mystery. But as he stayed, the glamor of her beauty fell upon him opce more, and the desire to make her his wife jjcaDie m<>re powerful than his cautious policy. Sir Atbelstane's proposal was couch- 'ed in, k'Fs sentimental terms, perhaps, than It would have beefrbut for that conversation with Lulu, and therefore it was no doubt all the easier, for Mrs Davenant ( to accept. . Curiously enough, this union which had begun with no love on one side ana no little Jplque on the other, proved wat is generally known as a great success. There. were no illusions to be destroyed by . rough shocks of. reality, ftjistead of thse, there was on the one side a keen sense of the material im provement in her position, and the great increase in her ease, luxury and soppe'pf enjoyment which her marriage jiad brought her; on the other,- a sense of triumph In his new acquisition, satis faction- in -the. principal adqrnment fit' his -house, confidence that their inter ests w ere the" same. , "And when, after 15 years. Lady- Clarke met her young iovcr of -tlie days gone by( Sir Hugh Lyndon, V.C., K.C.B., ooqld scarcely- believe his eyes. "To think that if I had been as. well Off thbri as f airi flow, T should now be the husband Of that stout, elderly, mafte-up dome Instead of—", i r r' 'Ftor.jif ijknoxyjijlriat, J-'ady pypdon Is a beauty of'tjic firpt order, and that the rmarrftute was' a' ddsperate love faatch. — ' ''Lbndon lJWr0rt&rt;' '; " ",v ' '' ' ' "An Atlantic telegraph" 'cable costs L700.Q00. 