Yarieties. It Is now possible to manufacture transparent leather. In tho maintenance of their armies the leading nations of Euitope expend £120.000,000 annually. Darkening the rooms whero nests are placed tenCs to prevent tho fowls from eating their eggs. A little religion makes a man a churl, but a great deal teaches him to know ? himself and be a gentleman. Table etiquette' requires that anything that may be separated with the fork shall not be cut by the knife. The Japanese believe In ghosts, and plctorally represent them as pale-faced women, with hair hanging over their eyes. The poorer a man is the more he tries ,to eeem rich ; aud the richer he is. tho more he tries to appear poor. Queer, isn't It? ' - , . There is a fortune for the milliner who sh≪ devise a bonnet that can be worn In any part of a theatre, and always pre sent the trimmed side to the audience. If a hor&e; is bad-tempered he is apt to keep his ears thrown back. If he is a kicker his legs will be scarred. If his skin Is rough his digestion is not good. Australia Is the only country in the werld to which ruminating animals are not indigenous, and yet cattle and sheep of various breeds thrive there amazingly. With good medical advice, plenty of sleep, fresh air, careful diet, and scrupu- * lous cleanliness, all women may hope to have complexions fair and sweet to look upon. A woman named Grazia Esposlto has just died at Naples at the age of 105 years. She had no fewer than thirty five sons, of whom twenty- eight are still living. To remove a rusty screw, apply a red-hot iron to the head for a short time, the screw-driver being used imme diately afterwards while the screw is still hot. A snail farm has been started by a farmer at Anet, France. He has al ready ISO, 000 of these interesting crea tures, and they., eat as much green fodder as two cows. Lord Roberts says that the position of tho private soldier to-day is much better than that of a mechanic, for at the age of .19 he can retire on a pension of from 2s. to 4s. 6d. a day. The remedial effects of laughter are really wonderful. Cases have ^ been known where a hearty laugh has ban ished disease and preserved life by a sudden effort of Nature. Now, what Is first and foremost among tne reasons which make a nation strong ; and great ? Work. Not machine work, but work into which the worker puts his pride, his joy, his happiness. The word 'honeymoon' Is derived from the German, and has Its signifi cance from the fact that the Germans formerly drank mead— a sweet liquid made of honey — for thirty days-after the wedding. If 'man were to devote himself un ceasingly to a dull round of study or business, without breaking the monotony by cheerful amusements, he would' fall imperceptibly into idiocy, or be struck by paralysis. Whatever your sex or position, life is a buttle in which you are to show your ** pluck, and woe bo to the coward. De spair and postponement are cowardice and defeat. Men are born to succeed, and not to fail. Paris pet dogs are being dyed so as . to harmonise with the colour of the lady owners* boudoirs. They are dressed . in tailor-made clothes. The fashionable : colouring for a small white poodle is two shades^of viplet. ~; in the .manufactures of Great Britain. . alone the power which steam exerts .is , estimated *o be equal to the 'manual labour of four billions of men, or more .than double the number of males sup posed to Inhabit the globe. ' John,', said the good old lady, ' I'll hev to s-ind Mary up a few yards of carpet to klver her floors. She says in the letter I jist got that all the floors in the new' house are stained. Them keer less city servants done It, I guess.' ' . , TYie Egyptians believed that the soul _ lived only as is the body endnri*d b/ence tlieir reason for mil luTMlig Tne ~ /body to make it last as long as possible. It is estimated that altogether there are I four hundred million mummies in Egypt. I Fruits, to do their best work, should be eaten either on an empty stomach or simply with bread -never with vege tables. In the morning before the fast of the night has been broken they serve as a natural stimulus to the digestive organs. The meaning of song goes deep. Who is there that, in logical words, can ex press the effect music has on us ? A kind of inarticulate, unfathomable speech, which leads us to the edge of the infinite, and lets us for moments . gaze into It. j Fuller's earth and cold water made | into a paste and placed over spots on i wall-paper will remove the spots ; if ; not at the first application, at the second or third. Rub the Fuller's earth lightly, being careful not to rub the paper underneath. Under the Belgian law unmarried men over twenty-five have one vote, married ! men and widowers with families have y two votes, and priests and other persons ' * ; of position and* education have thfac ' votes. Severe penalties are imposed I upon those who fail to vote. \ Teacher : ' Now, mamie, tell me .jiow I many bones you have in your body ?' i , i Mamie : ' Two hundred and e.Vght.' 1 Teacher: 'Wrong; you have o hifa two hundred and seven.' Mamie ^trium phantly) : ' Yes ; but I swallowed a fish bone at breakfast this morning^* The longest plants in the world are sea weed. Ono tropical and s\ib-tropical variety is known which, when it reaches Its full development, is at lc$.st 600ft. in length. Seaweeds do not receive any j nourishment from the sediment at the bottom or borders of the sea, but only from air and mineral matters held In. solution In the sea-water, i Work every hour, paid or unpaid ; see I only that thou workest, and thou canst not escape thy reward. Whether thy work be fine or coarse, ptentlng corn or I writing epics, so only tliR^lt be honest work dona In thine own opt^.^atlon, It shall eavn a reward to the senses as -ir.au ? | as to the thought. The reward of a thli well done is to have done it. i 