THE WIDE- WORLD. The district tribunal of Kazan, sit ting temporarily in the town of Mama dysh, has. by a final verdict of acquit tal, closed the proceedings, extending over a period of four years, In the cases of the seven persons accused of having murdered, by decapitation, a peasant named IKonon Mativunine. Their ob ject was stated to be to offer a sacri fice to idols, the worship of which, min gled with certain Christian beliefs, still survives in the province of Vyatka. The body of the victim was found lying by the roadside near the village of Staraai-Moultana on ISth May, 1S92. The accused persons are inhabitants of that village. and the manner in which the murder was committed correspond ed exactly to the customs of the pagan sacrificers. There were in the first in stance 11 persons charged, but three have been :acquitted since the opening of the prosecution, and one has since died. "Light" publishes a story of a famous preacher in America which is probably true. It contains at least a good deal of truth. The question "Where is Heaven?" was put to Sam Jones by one of his wealthy church members in Geor gia, whose cotton crop yielded him some 20,000dols. the last year. " Where is heaven?" said the rich planter. "I'll tell you where heaven is," said Mr Jones, "if you will go down to the village and buy fifty dollars' worth of groceries, put them In a waggon, and take them to that poor widow on the hillside,who has three of her children sick. She is poor, and is a member of the church. Take with you a nurse, and someone to cook tlhely meals. When you get there, read the 'I'wenty-third Psalm and kneel by her side and pray. Then you will find out where heaven Is." The popularity of swimming as a re creation for women has made amazing strides during the past few years, and some of the most enthusiastic votaries of the pastime are to be found among the Royal Families of Europe. The Em press of Austria is, perhaps, the cleverest of all amateur lady swimmers, and has been known to perform some remarkable natatory tricks. All the pkincesses of the Austrian reigning family are good swimmers. Our own Queen and all her daughters learnt to swim, and the Princess of Wales, her three daughters, and the Princess May are extremely fond of the water. The German Empress and the sisters of the Emperor' are fine swimmers, and so is the, Queen-Regent of Spain, wlbH excels in all- manner of feats in the water. - A man unmed Mainre ann enameller, who had appealed against a sentence! of two years'. Imprisonment passed on him for cutting off children's ears, was tried again in I'Paris. He had nothing less than a mania for depriving child ren of their ears. His way of proceed lag' was if .he saw ahboy in a lonely place: to go up to him and say.,"What's the matter with your ear? It's bleed Ing. .Tnst let me see' It." Then taking hold of the ear he cut as much of it off as he could -with a razor that he.car rled in his coat sleeve. Sometimes he .mnputated only the lobe. but lie. was able to carry off six ears from as many different heads. He operated in the broad daylight. The tribunal added three years to the original sentence. lfaire expressed astonishment at the Judge's severity. A new calling has been brought into existence by ghosts and Mahatmas chiefly the former-as the latter always fight among themselves, and initiate the public into their mysteries by family quarrels. With reference to the story of the haunted house at Peterborough. a gentleman who calls himself "A Haunted House Expert," expresses his readiness to clear that particular building, or any other, of all the spirits which may be therein quick er than lightning. He says he has been honored with the patronage of the no bility and gentry of various countries, and has been successful in extirpating somei.f. tlhe_olde$st ghosts ILthe. king dom. A "ghost-killer" nmust be quite a charming and pleasant occupation. Some details are to hand of the wed ding of Khama, the bare fact of which was announced some time ago. The ce remony was performed at Palapye by Mr Willoughby, the missionary who came to England with him. The Chief had gained sufficient insight Into the ways of his country to know how a func tion of this character should be carried out. He appeared at the altar dressed in a frock coat and light trousers and a white tie; while his bride, a young woman of about twenty, wore a white satin, with a tulle veil and orange blos soms. Afterwards the guests met at the house of the missionary, where the oc casion was becomingly celebrated, the chief attraction being a great wedding cake. The wedding ceremony took place at the abnormally early hour of nine o'clock. The' yellng mania at:Berlin has lJst reached the schorcher stage, and com plaints are made on every side to the paternal government to htop, oh stop! the cyclists In their mad course. Only a few :"radler" have reached,the emi nent position wherein, for their "'beautl-, fully slow" riding, they are praised by one and all. and held up as examples in the nenspapers, As to lady cyclists in Germany, the South Is, as usual, far ahead of the North, and, while at Frank fort. Munchen. and all the other large towns in the South, the woman-cyclist is In no way molested by having an undue amount of publle attention paid to her, she is still the laughing-stock of ]Berlin. and very far from attaining to the eminence of the British St. Blcycila. But then, what can he expected in a town like Berlin. where nlo woman is allowe-d to ride on the top of an omn! bus? "IPenson's Magazine" for .Tun' (Lou doml. icIs a lively arnt-le on iudyard Kiplin~z's journalisti0 life in Indi:. It is by Mfr .. Kay Itohinson, who wvis Kipling's ed 'tor o1, the "'('ivil anlll Miii tary (:17zettI." lIlblishled il at .Lalhort'. The no\w <e'lbratled :authlor \wor'kedti for 'o:1lres at prooIf l'tadill~, i. iss,1l'. a d1 paost' \\\orkt. andl tie l.ilil. down of ( ovre-llnlll llt rI n ,oks into ' mma110 'ii.. for ptunbli:l)"io'. t ho' hli 'ies'ren II- us tonish plipith by his hlevernetss h,, ,'a, urTgcd to e:i'v(' India anIII try Fleet street. Ilis rleply always :was itha:t tlhe "('G:zetto" :hal tinken hi0 onI t'hust--n w mnhl ser\'e it loyal . like.I.h ol, inl tllh Itble. for his full seven y?trs. Ill 'ladl friends a n¢ong all kinl.s 'if rihm . i a'n'.'5l'td malny of the, looki-l Ilson Itimo :s a vory sullprior 1or ( of Sa:hbi. Iis poer crlepiiln was lkoon. as It is still. reamrl;k as ii weret. p:ssiln 0\1enlts th:t collhl ha:\\-oe any future ntility for reference or alluslon. A pleasing inehldent. in which his P,oyal Highness tile Prince of Walet-s playedl a prominent part, ocr etirred on the Oak:s Day at Epsom. An intelligent little fellow, who could not have been more than eight or nine years old, was hoisted up In front of thile Royal enclosure, and on a large sketch block, with a piece of crayon, he piroduced striking portra!ts of such celebrities as tlhe Quteen, the Prince of Wales. the Marquis of Salisb:ury, :andi others with marvellous rapidlty. A large audience of well-known patrons of the Turf lquickly gathered round, and! showed their applreciationl of the child's abllities by a shower of shillings. The Prince. who had witnessed the perform ance from a distance. was so delighted with the child, that hIe smilingly came forward and gave him a sovereign,. amid loud cheers. The boy raised his cap in response to the Prince's generosIty, the bell rang. the ouficers of the law IPressed forward and shouted " Clear the course!" and the young artist was car rled away with the throng. Smlthers: "I wtsh someone would teach me to save money." Miss Hope: " Oh, Mlr Smithers, tilts is so sudden." 