THE TURF. RACING NOTES. [By Mentor ] For the A.R.C. Grand National jumping events about the double Black Flag and liorke's Drift, over a thousand has been booked ranging from hundreds to two to four. .Tack Sprat and All Fours, and Radiant and All Fours have also been well backed, and as short a price as 4 to 1 has been taken straight out about All Fours for the Steeplechase. The unfortunate J 5, who hail so many ins and outs during his career, has recently been afflicted with paralysis, and had to be destroyed. Monday next will require the attention of owners and trainers to the Spring meeting of the S. A.J.C., as on that day Mr. Whitinglon will receive entries for the various events that will be contested at Morphetlville on Tuesday, September 1, and Saturday, September 5. These include the First Hurdle Race, Gleaelg Handicap, Selling Steeplechase, Sturt Handi cap^ Auction Handicap, Second Hurdles, Spring Handicap, the Steeplechase, Nursery Handicap, and Plympton Handicap. The nomination fee for each race is 1 sov., and there is no doubt the response ou the part of owners will be a liberal one. The Morphett ville Piate closed with 1C entries and the S. A. Derby with 18 subscribers, of which 17 still remain, but the number will probably be re duced one-lialf before the day of racing. The Derby candidates who yet remain in are : —Mr. Jas. Jones's br c Hear Hear, by Rich mond—Encore; Mr. It. Barr Smith's br orbkf Areola, by Neckersgat—Hortense ;. Mr. R. Barr Smith's b f Hebron, by Neckersgat— Tyropean; Mr. Jno. Cro/.ier's c c Concussion, by Thunderbolt—Instep; Mr. D. James's c f Blodwen, by Carlyon—Adventurous; Mi1. D. James's bk f Princess of Wales, by Robinson Crusoe—Lady Marden ; Mr. J. H. Hill's b c Eleusinian, by Robinson Crusoe—Eleusis; Mr. Jas. Carr's b g Pluvius, by Neckersgat— Waterlily; Mr. Wm. Gordon's bf Helena, by Thunderbolt—Leda ; Mr. S. A. White's br f Recoup, by The Englishman—Sybil; Messrs. G. • Williams & Son's b or br c Bridemark, by Escutcheon—Happy Bride; Mr. J. Rowen s cf Thunder Queen, by Tlmude bolt—Queen Consort; Mr. P. Phillips's br f Batchica, by Mentor—Ethel; Mr. J. Logan's b c Dick Whittington, by Carlyon—Regina; Mr. F. E. Hyde's b c The Royalist, by Carlyon—Maid of Troy; Mr. F. W. Allen's b or br c Car legion, by Carlyon—Fhuehe ; Mr. Jno. Lord's b f Dearix, by Trenton—Tinmine. Owners are reminded that first forfeits for the Derby must be paid on Monday next. Woonooke may be regarded as an unlikely starter for the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase. He has not yet got over liis soreness, and his owner, Mr. J. Helfernau, has taken him back to Beudigo. Both Black Flag and Rorke's Drift, who have been brought over from Melbourne by F. Wise, and are stationed at the Britannia Hotel, were out on the Old Course training track on Thursday morning. Darkie, the winner of the Hurdle Race at Epsom on Tuesday, hails from the Murray district and is by Ladas, a son of Panic. He is trained by his owner, Mr. A. McDougall, who was warmly congratulated on his victory. There is no doubt the way was cleared for Darkie by the "easy" riding of the jockeys on some of the other starters (remarks the Aryus). Platina's jockey (W, iliiigstoa) was dis qualified for six months for suspicious riding. The owner of the mare was considered by the stewards in no way responsible for Platina's poor performance. He informed the stewards that he was not satisfied with Kingston's riding. Apsley started favorite for l lit; rate but rail disappointingly. The Messrs. Miller continue out 01 lack on the racecourse. Realgar, but for being badly knocked about in the early part of the raeo for the Murdialloe Handicap at Epsom, would probably have been returned the winner, and Ouyen looked to have a splendid chance in the steeplechase when she came to grief at the last fence. The jumping race went to the Sundown Park winner, Miguoii, who seems to be a very useful horse, and his stable companion Olakeho should win a race directly. Mignou struck the iirst fence very heaviiy and was neariy down, but thereafter he fenced well. A rather unique trotter vehicle has been ; introduced. It has a single wheel only, and | the rider sits over it as on a bicycle. There are 110 shafts, the backbone or frame being extended forwards and arranged to fasten 011 the middle cf the lior.-e's back with a strap arrangement at the sides, this forming part of j : the patent, to keep it upright and yet admit of a sufficient play for the swerving of tiie ; wheel when turning corners and making curves. I Tiro wheel is of a bicycle pattern, and is pro- i ! Tided with pneumatic tyres, j The successes of the two Derby colts, Reso ; lute and Newiiaven, in their respective races ; at Caul field 0:1 Miturday has shortened their | price :or the V.R.C. " biua riband." j Mr. Mncdonaid has turned out The Actress | for a lengthened spell, and it is possible she may not he able to race, again. \ An Australian, whose name has not trans pired, but who is supposed to be identical with Air. S. Horden, of .'.Sydney, has been in treaty for Fiorixell II., a full brother to the Derby I winner, Persimmon. Both animals are owned ! by the Prince of Wales. The price asked was 10,000 guineas. Whew! No deal resulted. There arc 13 acceptors left in for the V.A.T.C. Grand Rational Steeplechase. The horses who went out 011 Thursday were Woonooke, Apsley, Mikado II., Contusion, and The Lout. Last year when Diamio won there were 15 starters, and a dozen the j'ear pre viously, when the price was carried off by Dondi. This year the race looks a likely thing for Larrikin or Waterloo. The annual meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club, which took place 011 Monday, afforded good proof to members of the sucstantiai posi tion of the club at the present time, aud the afternoon's proceedings passed off on the whole very satisfactorily. The few questions asked were practical ones that the committee will 110 doubt give their attention to. If more details are wanted in the balance-sheet they cau easily be supplied. Mr. 0. Maileu did not perhaps express himself quite so clearly as he intended on the subject ot stakes for two year-olds and for hurdle races. What he ex plained to us privately was that while the club could afford to give the amount at present offered for two-vear-old races they could also afford to increase the sums they are now offering as stakes for their G-rand National Hurdles and Steeplechase. We have before pointed out the anomaly iof holding 011 to the titles "Grand" and "National" for two races, to which only 250 sovs. and -100 sovs. are given. While Mr. Yon Doussa offers 1,000 sovs. for a Great Eastern Steeple chase and 400 sovs. for a liurdle race on the same day, it does seem advisable that a metro politan club should increase the stakes or drop the title of their " Grand National' meeting." The point raised by Mr. E. Ind is also worthy of consideration, as in some countries "placed" totes are worked, three horses getting a proportion of the money in the machine. Mr. Ind's proposal, however, looks a better one—that two-thirds of the money should go to the first horse and one-third to the second, and no doubt as the chairman promised the committee will give the matter due consideration. Tli'e result of the ballot shows that the two retiring members of com mittee retain the confidence of the members, and thus have the satisfaction of knowing their past services have been recognised, whilst the new aspirant, Dr. Hamilton, should be well pleased with the knowledge that during his absence in West Australia iie polied 71 votes. While Mr. Oliver Atken was in Melbourne last week he bought a jumping horse named Postal, by Postmaster, from a Badger mare. He is a brown gelding, and has had four winning brackets during the past season. He is no-.y at the Britannia-, and exercises on the Old Course. Doubloon, a flat racer, is down from the north to fulfil his engagements. He is on the Old Course tracks. Mr. Heseltine may be congratulated on the excellent acceptances they received on Tuesday. Por the Welter Handicap there are 22, as against 15 last year; for the Grand National Hurdles the same number, 15; in the Light ning Handicap there are 15, as against 20 last year; the Selling Steeple 'J, as against 7; for the Buxton Handicap 'J, as against 7; and in the Grand National Steeple 18 this year, as against 13 last year. There is yet another week before the races will be commenced, but, taking the races in the order in which they have been named, we think it probable the winner of the Welter Race will come from Pitchery, Nackdra, Pair Saxon, and Rosedale. The Grand National Hurdle Race must necessarily be a somewhat open alfair. Black Piag is here, but CarLrulie has yet to put in an appearance, but it is understood that Mr. Hales intends to send him over next. week. Simulator has unfortimaiely developed a leg again, but he was going well up till the time this happened at Caul field. Eularis also au absentee. We think it likely the places will be filled from amongst Black Plau, Jack Sprat, Ensign, aud Convcutionsr. A likely outsider may be found in I ho Golden Ring. _ , The Lightning Handicap is a six-furlongs' flutter. The quartet, DlADEU, Nomadic, Fund, anil Pair Saxon, are likely to supply the placed horses. I11 the Selling Steeple, if Rorke's Drift is not a starter, the positions may be filled by WooniTEf.n, Taradale, anil Juliet. The Buxton Handicap, one mile and a quarter, will hring out a good field, in which Quinn's best, Kirkby, and Viking should have most to say. The Grand National Steeple shculd be a race worth witnessing, and the places should be filled by Rorke's Drift, All Pours, and Banjo if he comes to the post all right after Caullield. On tbo Old Course on Thursday morning there were a large number of onlookers, at tracted, 110 doubt, by the Melbourne horses being present-. Lord Greuviila moved along a bit faster for a once round. Gipsy Queen and Juliet were given a good working gallop, coming home the last mile and a quarter in 2 min. 29 sec., the last mile in 1 mill. 5'J sec., finishing together Waliine ran along for i> furlongs in 1 uiin. 231 sec. Barter WGiketl over a distance at a strong pace. Dick Wiiittiugton and Firelock spurted a couple of furlongs. De la Voita and Carmelite were coupled over a mile run in 1 mill. 55 sec., the first five furlongs in 1 min. 11 see. and the last six in 1 min. 28 see., with the mare in front. Playboy did useiul work. Helena got over six furlongs in 1 min. 23 sec., aud continued 011 for another; two furlongs. The two brothers, Conscript aud Coiiventioner, performed a fair gallop over a mile and a quarter, finishing together. Confidence did useful pacing over a distance. After breakfast Diauthus aud The lloyalist got over six furlongs at even time. All Pours performed useful work over about four miles. Jack Sprat, with a light boy up, did good work, coming home the last mile in 1 min. 57 see.; he wont very we'll, but seemed a trifle sore afterwards. Barunga was steady pacing over three rounds. Radiant did not go beyond three-quarter pace. Home Ku'fc did useful work over a distance. Cigarette liadawo turns to do at a slow pace. Kiugfish worked steadily. Regent and; Recoup were given a mile aud a quarter at a sound pace, run in 2 min. 33 sec., the last three furlongs in 43 sec. Consequence did good work on the cinders, spurting home a couple of furlongs. Simple Jim (Lake), Woorlfieid (Willis), and Jackeroo (Deveney) had a gallop together, coming home the last mile at a solid pace, Simple Jim finishing in front about half a length, with Jackeroo close up last. Saracen, a two - year - old, joined in with them the last furlong. Haveluck did good pacing, hut not at his top. Bombastic was given good striding exercise, Sir George (P. Hussey) ivas jumped over the schooling fences, hut none too well ; GailLrdia and Longbow were bracketed over a mile, run in 1 min. 501 sec.; Strike was cantering over a couple of rounds; Encounter did useful work over a distance with a spurt home. Kirkby after trotting twice round the wrong way jumped off at the furlong-post, and 1 picked up First Master at the six-furlongs, and came home from there at a good pace in | 1 min. 24 sec.; Count was jumped over the j steeple schooolers by P. Hussey, but not j very well; Trout and Mompa were i given a sound working gallop over a | mile; Electric did good work over a distance, j finishing together. Carlton was 011 the track. Rorke's Drift and Black Flag were doing I gentle exercise on the track. They had a good trip over, and both look very well. Postal was walking about the course. Isinglass and Snowdrift came home at a good bat the last of three rounds in 2 min. is see. Fishwife was 1 striding along over two circuits. Eclipse was also doing good work. Orb (Barnes) was j jumped over the schooling hurdles and shaped very well. Fund (Dalton) spurted home his , last three furIong3 in 41 sec. Doubloon did ' good work with a spurt home. Kase got over six furlongs in 1 min. 2l> sec. Ghost and i Eagleliawk worked at a medium pace. I At Morpliettville_ on Thursday morning I Naekara and Fioodbird were given serviceable 1 work over once round, Switiiiu joining them over the last mile, which was- run in half a second over even time. Anglo- Saxon spurted over six furlongs in good style. Concussion and Viking were, given two turns at half pace. Surefoot and Duke of Richmond^ were doing medium pacing over a distance; .fort Admiral and Pitchery performed a once round at a strong pace. The Idler went half pace. Hear Hear negotiated two circles at half and three parts pace, spurting home tiie last two furlongs. Rosedale did useful work over six furlongs. Treutalto and Diadem wont together over six furlongs, which , was done in fair time. Foliage, Nomadic, i and Supposition were doing useful vvorl:. Clytcmnestrn ran along for a few furlongs. The t\vo-year-oids, Hose Park, Scutum, and Security performed medium pacing. Jack; Tar ran along for five furlongs in 1 uiin. 12 sec. i Ensign did iong half-pace work. Alveary did ! hod go fast. Thunderer and Wrangler did steady tasks. Doric was bowling along at a good working gallop. Danbydale did useful pacing, lllurce and Happy Jack got over oucs round at three-quarter pace, j Fair Saxon was going along at a good hat and \ moves nicely, ilroken liiil perlonned over! three rounds at a mixed gait, iihsdwen and Princess of Wales negotiated a circle at a, strong pace. Elcusinian, Dalesman, Merumid,! and Steeiirap performed mixed work; the two- i year-olds Lord Salisbury and Taiiesian had j easy tasks allotted them.' 