CHARLES CLARK. The latest lecture of the Rev. Charles Clark is not his best ; still any lecture by Mr. Clark is enjoyable, and it is not surprising that the audience which assembled in the Town Hall on Saturday evening thoroughly ap- preciated the entertainment provided. Mr. Clark, who made his reappearance after an absence of six long years, still possesses the sympathetic voice and fascinating manner which have evoked admiration all over the world, and he was accorded a hearty recep- tion. "The Dome of the Golden Cross" is a subject full of interest to the Anglo- Saxon race, for, as Mr. Clark put it, the stately procession of English history has moved through St. Paul's, that far-famed fane which rears its majestic dome hundreds of feet into the foggy air of London, and above which gleams in the gloom the golden symbol of the Christian faith. The famous pile is a monument to the ability of its builder, the great Sir Christopher Wren, whose remains were buried there a century and a half ago. It was he who, after the great fire of 1666 had demolished its predecessor, designed the present magnificent structure. " Here lies the builder of this church and city, Christopher Wren, who lived for more than 90 years, not for himself, but for the good of the State ; reader, if thou askest for a monument look round thee." This is his epitaph, as fine in its way, says Mr. Clark, as the cathedral itself. It took 33 years to build St. Paul's of to-day — from 1675 to 1710. With graphic language the lecturer traced the development of the cele- brated place of worship, which Phoenix- like has risen from the ashes to which its relentless foe, fire, had so often reduced it, and described the great events which adorn or disgrace the pages of English history, and which have been in some way or other connected with the cathe- dral. His humorous anecdotes of those unfor- tunates who did penance there caused con- siderable merriment, especially those referring to the lady who was punished because she said a voice had come from the graveyard bidding men repent, for the Kingdom of God was at hand, or another suffering sister who whistled and sang and did other things which she ascribed to the moving of the Holy Ghost in her inside, or to the countryman who ate pork during Lent, or the man who had two wives — just as if he were not sufficiently punished already, for had he not therefore two mothers-in-law — or to many other wicked people who committed similarly dreadful offences, and some of whom suffered shivering in their shirts. This all occurred in the times goneby, when the church regulated fashion, and " I am not sure," said Mr. Clark with a smile, " whether in these days of balloon sleeves and coachwheel hats it might not be well if the church did so still." In St. Paul's of the past and St. Paul's of the present many queer things have been done, many incongruous scenes enacted, many solemn services held, and many curious shows and ceremonies gone through. Once there was a public throrough- fare through its transept, through which rowdy urchins and stray dogs ran to and fro, rejoicing at the short cut. The cathedral is rich in its memorials of the illustrious dead, and Mr. Clark availed himself of the oppor- tunity of referring to many whose achieve- ments in war and the arts of peace have gained them immortal fame. As to its external appearance, St Paul's, he said, is satisfying both to the eye and the imagination. People may complain of the way the London smoke has changed its color, but to Mr. Clark the pigment has its charms. He hopes that the whole interior of the great national cathedral will soon be clothed in the perfection of beauty which its great architect designed but was not allowed recited two or three selections from Shake- speare andTennyson, and the applause which followed showed how well his efforts were appreciated. The Rey. Charles Clark can almost perform the impossible — the improvement by recital of what Charles Dickens has written. As a plat- form exponent of the great English novelist's work, he is pre-eminent. His extensive reputa- tion in this direction was amply evidenced by the large and appreciative audience which assembled at the Town Hall on Tuesday even- ing, when he presented his new Dickens lecture-entertainment, which opening with a eulogistic reference to the powers and per- sonality of the famous writer, included three recitals from the most popular of his produc- tions, and concluded with a picturesque pero- ration on their results and effects. Mr. Clark considers that there is nothing in the realm of English fiction more touching than the death of the unfortunate crossing-sweeper Jo, who " wos allers amovin' on, " and he himself was as much affected as his audience, when after a wonderful elocutionary effort he had ended the last sentences which proclaimed that the little waif had gone. In his selection from Nicholas Nickleby Mr. Clark blended the grave with the gay with such consummate effect that the tears of one moment were sup- planted by the smiles of the next, and he fully showed how artistically yet naturally the man who could sound the chords of sorrow could also strike the notes of mirth and fun. The famous court scene, Bardell v. Pickwick, was presented in its most humorous light, from the time the counsel entered the court till the elder Weller, in the exuberance of his disgust, exclaimed "Oh, Sammy, Sammy, vy worn't there a alleybi." Mr. Clark spoke continuously for an hour and forty minutes, and carried his audience completely with him. 