Laying Aunt Drusilla. CHAPTER III. I But from tlio day that Aunt Drusilla's pic ture was restored to its old placo Corinna's pleasure in the room was subtly blighted. Tho next morning ?when sho entered it, singing, with a duster in her hand, tho first thing which sho saw was a photograph, that lay fn/-n thn -1™,. feet in front of tho fire-place, ns if it had leaped from its station on tho mantel sholf. Oorinna took it up and replaced it, without thought, But sho felt a curious little shudder. Sho wont on singing in her clear and pleasant voice, whilo sho dusted tho books, arranged in a ueat radiation around tho crocheted lamp mat on tho table iu the centre of tho room. All at once sho saw the photograph Btir, then stand upright, totter and spring towards her, falling to tho floor. A superstitious terror seized Oorinna j her breath stopped and her hands became cold and moist as sho stood, not daring to remove her gaze from the object of her fears. Sho could hear her mother bcat ing eggs in tho kitchen, her father chopping wood in the barn, the noise of the electric car that had passed the house and was speeding down tho slope of tho hill toward Neighbour Dunn's. These every-day sounds dissolved the spell. Oorinna would not bo silly ; sho finished her task, dusting everything con scientiously. But until sho was quite ready to leave tho room bIio loft the photograph whoro it lay. Finally she picked it up, averting her eyes from it, and sot it in its place. Then sho hastened away. That evening, when Oorinna, accompanied by Herbert, opohed tho door of tho parlor, tho likeness of Aunt Drusilla was lying upon tho carpet. ' Tho old lady has tumbled off hor peroli,' said Herbert, with scant revorouce. And lie set lier up again. Ho did not see tho fright in Corinna's eyes. All that oveningthe girl sat with hor shouldors toward tho picture ; if it sprang down again sho did not wish to see that'. Once, indeed, it Boomed to hor that sho heard a light thing strilco on the floor: but at that moment Herbert waB reading aloud and tho car was passing, so that she could not be cortain. When lie aroso to go away she followed him into the entry .without lopking back. At all events, tho following morning she found tho photograph prone upon the carpet, and thoro sho let it remain. Tho strange contest of wills between herself and the uncanny piece of pasteboard dispirited and wearied Oorinna. Finally sho put tho photo graph away in tho table-drawer and hoped for peace. Sho did not wish to confide her fear to Herbert; of course, it was a fanciful dread, and ho would laugh at it. Neither would she let the oharm of the parlour bo spoiled for him ns it was for her. But ono evening, as she watched for Her bert's coming, lior father, who was adjusting a window-shade l'olior in her little parlour, called to her ' Oorinny, whero is aunt's pictor P' She saw the gleam of tho car-light down tho road, but sho must run to find tlio photo graph. Hor father took it in his hand. ' A pleasant likonoss. ? Looks almost pooty,' ho commented. Ho stood holding it, studying the faoo. Then lie hoard tho sound of tho approaching car. 'Tliero, run along, Oorinny,' hp bade hor, good-naturodly. / And, not to mar tho lovers' mooting, ho re mained just where ho was, gazing at tho pio turo until ho judged it discroot to appear and wolcomo young Joimison. Then ho sot Aunt Drusilla in her placo and wont out into tho ontry, , ' Glad to soo you, Horbort,' lie said, cor dially. But lator that evening Oorinna hoard again tho light impact of tlio pasteboard as it foil to tho floor j and again sho would not look at , it, but. waited until tho wholos6mo daylight should companion lior, when sho would lift tho ovil thing and put it in its own plaoo. Moro than onoo in tho days that followed Oorinna thought of destroying tho photo graph, but that Avould displease hor fatlior. Moroover, what would be tlio uso, sinco it the ghost of Aunt Drusilla really took that moans of disturbing tlio lovors, no doubt hor unkind spirit could find othor ways to tho same ond. Oorinna deoidod to boar tlieso post mortem spites as sho had borno tho wlums and railings of Aunt Drusilla in the flosh, But tho girl bogan to grow ,palo and thin ; thoro was an nnxious puckor in hor pretty, wliito brow hor mannor was listless and norvousi Hor motlior notiood this change in Oorinna ; hut having decocted and .proscribed a tonic of bittor herbs, sho plunged hoadlong into ' spring oloaning,' whioh from that momont ocoupiod all hor mind. Bosidos, Ooriuna declarod that nothing was tho matter lior. 'Awd spring Wfttbov lots ovory bocly down,' Sarah Brookway oonohulod. ( Ono gusty, rniny ovoning of lato April it Boomed to Horbort that as ho and Oorinna ontorod tho parlour togothor, sho started as if frightened. ' What is it P' lio askod hor. . 'Nothing, nothing,' answorod Oorinna. Ho looked at hor. Hor lips woro apart with four | sho was palo, staving at somothing that-lay upon tho floor noar tho firoplaco. Horbort was carrying tho lighted lamp ; lio wont forward to oxamino.tho objoot, 1 ' Why, it is only Aunt Drusilla's photo graph.' '? Ho piokod it up and sot it on tlio mantel sholf, '? Bull— but — how. oamo it thoro P' said tho girl, with a shivering voice, . . ' My dear, child, the wind blow ib flown. Those old houses lot in all sorts of littlo draughts around tlio windows.' ' No, it was not tho wind, Baid Oorinna, with tho qniot of hopoloBS oonvioMon, ' Her bert, 11 meant not to say anything about it, bo,oauBo, of. courso, you will laugh at, mo. Til very ovoning whotnor the wind blows or, not, that pioliiiro quits its plaoo, IDvory morning I find it on tho . floor. Whilo you aro roiiding to mo, tliltli dreadful thing totters forward and thou leaps oil tlio shell! toward 1 1 h . X didn't want you to know' about it, X thought I oould koup it from you, badauso you always nit with your baolc that way. !Oub to-night wo stnyad n whilo talking wifcli fatlioi1 and motlior — and Aunt Drusilla had boon montionod, And — and — Horbort, I'm afraid of hoi', You know what sho said— - that sho ^auhl liannt uti I' Tho bluo oyuH of tlio girl woro Hlii'iiinod with _ terror. Thoro wiih a husky tremor in hor voioo. ' Don't bo afraid,' said hor lovof, ' That wiih oiisy for Aunt DiMisilla to say ; but thoy don't ooitlo baok from tho othor world. Sho didn't! havo liny communication tlokoli ?whon hIio '\vonli ovoi' tlio Sliygiitn lorry tluii *wo l'on-ci about, and old Mr. Oliaron, of Oharonsvillo, won't cloaclUoad hor this way again.' So, staid with reason and comforted with the classics — or rather such very slight and second-hand acquaintance with them as they had — tho lovors passed a pleasant evening. Thrico, indeed, did tho likeness of Aunt Drusilla stir and pitch forward as if to menace them, then stagger and drop to tho floor. Each time did Herbert, who had seated him self whoro he could keep an eye on tho image of Drusilla, take her up untendcrly and replace her on the shelf. 'Will you set whero you'ro sot?' he in quired of her sternly, quoting an admonition of Neighbour Dunn to his youngest child, who on ono occasion in his presence had been an unique passenger in the electric car. But 'tis no use jesting with ghosts. For all that we call them ' old truepenny ' and ' old mole,' they chill tho marrow of the bones and prick the hair on end. So, when Herbert had set Aunt Drusilla in place for tho third time, ho ceased reading, and fell on thought. Oorinna watched him anxiously. Finally ho spoke, consulting his timepiece : ' Wo will read thirteen minutes moro,' said ho. ' Then wo will listen, at tho same timo keeping our eyes fixed on that bowitched old photograph. Uuless I am mistaken, Oorinna, wo shall ? learn something to our advantage.' Sho was puzzled, but all hor trust was in Horbort. Ton minutes wore gone, and sho hitched her chair a liftlo nearer to his. When lie hold ,out tlio dial of his watch to show her that twelve minutes had pdssodj'sho slipped her littlo' finger into his hand with tho action of a timid child. Then they heard a far-awny sound that mixed with tho wind and tho rush of tho rain, bnt was moro unvarying and stronger than thoso. , ' That is tho electric ear,' said Horbort. ' Steady, Oorinna ! Look at your aunt.' ? And, truly, just as tho car thundered by, tho photograph of Aunt Drusilla rcal'ed itself liko a vipor, and lcapod from the mantel-shelf. Oorinna gavo a slight scream, and started to hor feet,' But Herbert was laughing. j ' I ought to have thought of that at oneo,' he said. 'Don't you understand, Oorinna? There's a ledgo of rock that runs ncross tlio street and by this side of tho house. That is tho reason that the grass cannot tako deep root horo, and turns y'ollow ; that is why ,tho old birch has pulled up stakes to run away. When the car goos over the ledgo, it jars this room and makes tho photograph jump. That is all, truly, my dear girl. I will lay tlio ghost for you: X will bring a neat and rather solid frame for tho picture to-morrow. And I warrant you that from this out Aunt Drusilla will behave hersolf.' Horbert kept his word, bringing a heavy standing framo in gilt ' metal. Holman Brockway thought it vory handsome in tho future son-in-law to do such honor to tho aunt who had beon so ungontlo to tho lovors, 'I take it very kind of you, Horbort,' ho said; ' 'Tis right, 'tis accordin' to roligiou. You'ro kind o' heapin' coals of firo onto hor head, a-gittin' that nice framo for hor pictor. It shows a good disposition in you, Hoi'bort, An' that promises woll for Oorinny's happi ness. I guess slio's doin' well to marry you.' Aud Aunt|[Drusilla — as woman, gliosl-, or photograph — troublod them no moro. [The End.] , 