QUERIES flflD flRSOlERS. . TURF. Anxious, Dimboola. — Carbine won 15 races In enceesuon, viz., V.R.C. All -aged Stakes, Loch Plate, Autumn Stakes, Sydney Cup, All-aged Stakes, Cumberland Stakes, A.J.C. Plate, Spring Stakes, Craven Plate, Mel bourne Stakes, Melbourne Cup, Champion, All-aged Stakes, Essbndon Stakes, and Autumn Stakes. J. h.y Kyneton. — Batty, rode The Ghost on the day he won the Ladies' Trophy (a bracelet) at Coalfield in 18S3. Subscriber, Conoble Station. — Archer won the ; first Melbourne Cup. Crackehot, Gippeland.— Major F. N. George's Nelson won the Auckland Cup three years in succession, namely. 1SS5-86, 1SB6-S7, and 1887-88. Tassy, Carlton. — Miss Jackson, dam of Poca hontas and Dexwenter, was bred by Mr. T. W. Field, Northern Tasmania. She was got by Cerrus from Prudence, by Jersey from Black Sal, by Wanderer. W. S., Richmond.— Ascot (England) heath is circular, 6hort of two miles by aixtj-eix yards. The first half is nearly on the descent, and the last half, which is called the old mile, is up-hill the greater part of the distance. Tbo Swinley course is the | last mile and a half of the above. The new ; course is one mile and five furlongs. Tlie : new mile is straight and up-hill, aud measures seven furlongs one hundred and sixty-sir yards. A Subscriber, Surrey Hills. — If you communi cate with Mr. Joseph Webster, secretary of the Ascot Racing Club, he will, no doubt, ascertain for you the pedigree of the 13 hand pony Irish Lad. J. H.— Letters addressed to G. Adams, TattersalTs Sweep, will not be opened by the Postmaster. Constant Reader. — Toreador was scratched for the Y.R.C. Derby at 10.ld a.m. on 31st October. TROTTING. Garvoc, Lovely Banks.— If a horse breaks under the wire at the winning post in a trotting race, ho is disqualified from getting the money. CARDS. T. M.. Gloucester Hotel, Collingwood.— In cutting for deal in euchre the knave is the highest card, then the ace, king. etc. Camperdown.— See answer to T. M. ATHLETICS. S. T., Launceston.— A. E. Bird, the veteran long-distance pedestrian, was in Melbourne a few days 6ince. " Harold," Warrnambool. — Ton do not want to confine yourself to any particular diet in training for a foot race. Eat what agrees with you, bat be sparing with any of the fab-producicg foods or liquids. The dieting depends greatly on a man's constitution and the class of work he folfows. BOXING. J. P., Carlton. — Jockeon and Goddard boxed a contest of eight rounds, for points, at the Crystal Palace on 20th October, 1890. The result was a draw. Inquirer, Wagga.— Gab. Halbrook (Milky) did fight Mick Nathan with gloves in Mel bourne. The result was a draw. COURSING. " Hard Hills." — It is quite a common thing for bitches to keep discharging for several weeks after whelping. It is not desirable to train them while this is taking place. 