f'flE TREM AYNES ; OH A. Dream of Love. chapter xxvi. the clouds are lined with silver. The reply from Dr. Allbright was prompt, and to this effect. Mrs. M. Temple — Madam, — I am glad to be able to say that your father's com position is of most unusual merit. As it stands, however, it is useless ; and if I have your permission to re- arrange, . and make what alterations I deem necessary, I may be induced to produce it on mutu al terms, or sell it outright for you. Kind ly pay me a visit, if convenient, next Wednesday. Be careful to state by what train you will travel, so that my carriage may bo at the. station to meet you. — Sincerely yours, .Peter Allbright. Marian was now in a perfect fever of delight. The opera was of. unusual merit; Dr. Allbright, one of the greatest autho rities of the age, declared so. Surely Heaven was answering her prayer for help! On the following Wednesday morning she was up early, and looking more hope ful and bright than she had tor many weary months. ' The clouds are bieaking at last,' she said to Maggie. ' And I hope to bring back with me happy, happy news. Take great care of baby, fcr I shall not be home until very late. Crarileigh Fields is only thirty-one miles from here, but I have to change trains three times, and then have a long drive across country.' She kissed the baby good-bye ; 8he was growing to love the dear little child for its own sake as well as its mother's. It was nearly eleven o'clock when she re'ached the little station at Cranl,eigh Fields, and found a smart-looking horse and chaise waiting for her. ' Mrs. Temple ?' queried the coachman, touching his hat. ' Yes,' replied Marian. ' I am Dr. Allbright's man, I have come to meet you, ma'am.' ' Quit? right.' She stepped into the chaise, and having seen that she was comforlibly seated, the coachman touched his hat again, and off went the horse like a rocket. Marian never forgot that beautiful drive. It was a clear, bright morning in early October : the air was cold but bracing, and the way was through some of the loveliest country in England. The trees were bearing the richest tints that autumn ever paints — the ever varying shades from russet brown to blood-red crimson — quivering in the wind with u mournful . kind of music, while some of the giant trees, through which the golden sun was shining, seemed crowned with a fiery glory. After a Jong drive, the horse slackened speed at the foot of a steep hill, and when they reached the top she saw the village . a mile away, nestling in a verdant valley as though asleep. The only sign of life was the blue haze that hung above, form ed by the curling smoke from the chim neys of the cottages. If she was charmed with the primitive- looking village, with the lovely country, she was doubly charmed by the home of Dr. Allbright, its perfect gardens, its. mini ature terraces, its ivy-grown walls. The carriage stopped at a side door, and a servant-woman came to assistJMar- ian. ' The doctor is out for a little while,' she said ; ' but Miss Allbright, his sisttr, is expecting you, Mrs. Temple. Come this way, please.' Marian followed, and soon found her self in the -presence of a stately little woman, with a smooth, clear skin and snow-white hair. She greeted the jri, l pleasantly and without any formality. Her brother had been called away, but would be back in an hour. In the mean time Mrs. Temple would doubtless like refreshment after her journey ? 'Yes, thank you,' Marian replied, bright- y- Miss Allbright conducted her guest to an ante chamber where she could take off her outer wraps and bathe, .her hands and face , then they went down to the dining-room together, and were soon the best of friends. - The doctor was back at the time stat ed, and was agreeably surprised -vhen he saw Marian, He thought that he had never before seen so beautiful a girl — such a perfectly splendid specimen of building woman hood. He was rather astonished to find her so youthful, and married. He won dered vaguely who and what her husband was, or had been, lor he understood that he was dead. ' I am afraid,' he said; ' that we shall not get through very much business. to day. Arc you prepared to stay here un til to-morrow, Mrs. Temple ?' ' No ; I had not expected that,' replied Marian. ' Then we must go to work at once. I really haven't a great deal to say to you yet ; but what I have to settle forthwith is of the utmost importance. I desire you to follow me through a part of your father's opera ; I hear that you are a talented musician ; therefore, I shall know that I am not wasting time. After I have pointed out to you weaknesses, redundan cies, and matter that is quite irrelevant, I shall require your consent to totally ob literate these useless passages and leave the opera in my hands entirely. If .you are agreeable to.this ; I promise to have it on the boards after Christmas, under the supervision of one of the most astute managers in London. I f it has a success- ful run — and I say that it shall have a successful run — you may get some thou sand pounds out of it, and still, retain all rights. Understand, please, that I have no monetary interest in the matter. I do not require any. I am doing tl.is primarily in the interest of art : it is my hobby — my delight.' ' I leave it entirely in your hands, sir,' Marian said, her heart bounding with gratitute. ' If it is a success, as you pre dict, will it be very long before 1 get a little money ?' He looked at her keenly. ' My dear lady,' he smiled, ' if you want money, my astute manager will advance you a hundred pounds immediately. He is too clever a man to let this work drift out of his hands, I will communicate with him by this day's post.' Oh, you are too good,' Marian mur mured, tears standing in her eyes: A hundred pounds seemed a small fortune to her, and she little dreamed that Dr. Allbright had decided to help her out of his own pocket fcr the present. Me conducted her to the eastern cham ber, and begged ot her to be seated while he. played through some portions of the opera which he had re-arranged. Marian listened, and, under the in fluence of the splendour about her, her senses were ravished. The doctor pre sently took up a violin, and asked her to play the accompaniment on the piano, a magnificent grand, which could tell of the, cannon's mighty rear, or ripple like a summer cascade. ' There,' he said, at last, : fully one half of your father's work has been elimin ated, as you will observe by the marked copy beforfe you. It was in part bald and pointliess, but contains music that has not been equalled for half a century. There is a fortune in it, Mrs. Temple— a fortune in it. She heard a step in the doorway, and was conscious that a familiar figure was standing there. Thejfair hair, the clear white skin, the tall, soldierly form- heavens ! there could be but one rrian in the wide world who'.looked like this. She turned icy cold, and felt that the blood , had left her as colourless as deatii. 'Mr?. Temple,' broke in the clear, de cisive tones of the doctor, ' I will not de tain you longer than is necessary ; you have a long journey before you, and I 1 never allow ladies in my care to travel after dark — particularly young ones. The man in the doorway muttered ' Pardon nie !' ard disappeared, while Marian gazed after him almost stupefied, ' Tell me, Dr. Allbright,' she whispered Who is that gentleman ? I have seen some one like him before — a very dear friend. Hie doctor glanced at her quickly. He had not observed Athol until now. He had been attracted by the music, and had momentarily forgotten the expected visitor. That can be no friend of yours,' Mrs. Temple,' he said, evasively. ; At least I think not. Tt is a blind patient of "mine a Mr. — a— a — Dudlev.' Thank you,' the girl replied, summon ing tiie ghost of a smile to her face ; pray do not think anything- more of my fool ishness, but the resemblance gave me an uncomfortable start.' ' 1 hese chance likenesses are very common,' smiled the doctor. 'Now, if you are ready. Miss. Temple, you can go to the station, You will just catch the 4.30 if my man is hurried up. To-night 1 shall write to my manager, and you will hear from me by Saturday at latest. Dur ing the next two weeks I will endeavour to put the opera into shape, and shall want you to come again and Jsign one or two needful documents before we put it into the hands of the theatrical people.' in half an .. hour Marian was being rapidly driven back to the station— her mind in a perfect whirl.'1' . Who could be this Mr. Dudley, so mar vellously like Athol ? He must 'be a re lative. How dreadful it was for one so young and handsome to be blind ! She had only seen the lower half of his face, but the likeness to her lost lover was wonderful, and his voice too. Some vay she had felt drawn to him ; his presence had sent an electric thrill through every nerve, every pulse, and she longed to see him again ; she longed - to see him because his face was so like her own dear love. And when she was gone the doctor sought out the young earl. 'You startled my visitor. Athol,' he said. ' I am sorry ; I forgot that you had warned me not to show myself. It was your beautiful music, doctor. I could not resist it.' t My visitor was playing, too. She has a delicate touch. By, the way, do you know anyone named Temple— a lady ?' ' Temple —Temple ? No, I don't think that I do. — Was your visitor named Temple?' ' V' -. a young widow, I imagine. A beautiful creature. The loveliest woman I ever saw,' said the doctor. ' She thought she knew you at first, and I was afraid that you had put your foot in it ; it was a case of mistaken identity — one of those absurd likenesses that, occasionally cause trouble.' chapter xxvii. the new dure of medford, Tlie Honourable Frederick Vansitart ha J become the Duke of Medford. He had looked with a longing eye towards the ducal coronet for some years, but it was always with a feeling half doubtful, half hopeful. , There were' two lives in his way, an aged uticic and a consumptive cousin ; but sometimes these aged uncles and con sumptive cousins never die, and the Honourable Frederick was taken very much by surprise when he learned that they, had departed this life within two hours of eabh other. The son first, and the father two hours later—the result of shock, of heart failure. Mr. Vansitart was not long in seizing the reins of management, of absolute con trol, of some of the finest properties in England, and becoming known to the world as the Duke of Medford, one of the richest, most extravagant, and eccentric of British peers. One month after his accession to his newer dignities and greater wealth, he sat alone in one of the reception rooms of his town house — a splendid mansion that had been in the Medford family for upwards of a century. /He did not feel in a particularly pleas ant frame of mind ; one or two theatrical speculations had added nothing to his reputation; late hours, late suppers, and tother indulgencies, were beginning to tell .heir inevitable tale, and my. lord duke was seriously thinking of turning over a naV-leaf. /'I must marry,' lie thought; 'and jthrdugh society's gilded portals I can see in 'my mind's eye a hundred beautifu women who are ready to kneel at- my feet, but not one among them all can compare with the girl \ both love and hate. He lighted a cigarette, and watched the smoke curl lazily upward. ' Yes, he murmured, the sentiment I bear towards Marian Trcmayne is a most pe culiar compound. I feel that I hate her for her haughty indifference, her proud, unbending will ; but if I could become possessed of her, I really believe that 1 should worship her — should become her slave. This is a most uncomfortable state of affairs, by Jove ! I must ac knowledge that my last move was a childish one, and it is still a mystery to me who came lorward so opportunely upon Miss Trcinayne's behalf. After getting Dudley out of the way I ought to have succeeded, and will succeed yet.' He thought in silence for a while, but vas presently disturbed b> the entrance of a servant bearing a letter. He tore off the envelope, saying briefly as he read the hastily written scrawl it- contained : ' Admit him.' One minute and a little old man in a suit of rusty black was shown 'into his presence, and the servant retired. ' Well, Vincent,' demanded the duke, ' how are things progressing generally ?' ' I have surprising news for you, my lord. This is the first time I have seen > ou since your new ..honours, ana permit me to congratulate you. The duke frowned. A certain amount of familiarity be tween us is inadmissable, Vincent,' be said ; ' but I will not attempt to define the limits. Your own good sense should be the best judge.' His visitor flushed slightly. ' Perhaps you have no further use- for me, my lord ?' he suggested. ' If so, I will retire, though I can ill afford to lose a patron now,' ' I did not say that — I did not say that. ' Well, Vincent, what is the nature of th s surprising news ? ' In the first place, there is no reason for nie to come here in this absurd dis guise, The Countess ot Lyttc lias dis charged me.' ' IT'm ! Kow did that occur ?' ' She objected to my prying ways, be cause she surprised me in examining lier private escritoire, in which she had in advertently left her keys. I admit that it was not artistic upon my part to permit I myself to be surprised, but the fact re mains. that T was She thereupon told me that she had no further use. lot sneaks, and I have been her sneak for tweuty years ! Such a remark positively cut me to the quick. I am a sensitive man, and I am out oi regular employment. She went so far as to say that tlie young earl had never liked me, and that when he re turned home she had 110 doubt he would suit himself. There's gratitute for you 1' Vincent wiped away an imaginary tear, and continued : ' But I'll be even with her. She's got a host to contend with when she gets my back up. I quite expected that you, also, would have no further use for me, my lord, with all these new and grand responsibi lities and honours thrust upon you ; so I'm going to hunt up Lord Lytte, if he's in the land of the living, and just show him what sort of a woman his mother is.' The duke eyed him long and keenly. ' Is that rill you have to say ?' he de manded, ' \es, my lord, unless you have quite abandoned the business that interested you so much a month or two since.' (To be continued.) For Indigestion the Best remedy is Undoubtedly Norton's Camomile Pills. They can confidenlty be recommended as being wild in 'operation and absolutely free from injur ious drugs, acting at once as a splendid tonic and a gentle aperient. For nearly 100 years they have proved Unequalled for Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Sick Headache and for Liver and Stomach complaints. Sold injbottles is lid, 23 9d and lis, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the world. A simple, safe, and ccrtain'remedy. Liver Complaints. — Dr. King's Dandelion andQuinine Liver Pills, witHoujt Mercury, are a patient remedy ; remove all Liver and Stomach Complaints, Biliousness, Headache, Sickness,- Shoulder Pains,' Heartburn, Indi gestion, Constipation. Made onlv in London Sold everywhere. . Impurities in the Blood -—" We have seen host of letters from people who lmve received great benefit from the use of Clurko fl Blood Mixture. It uannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears ' the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and wo can with the utmost cpnfidenco re« ommend it to ciir subscribers and tho public generally." For Scr fula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad iegs, Skin and blood diseases, Pimples and Sores of all . kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected b it., Clarke's Blond Mixture is sold everywhere, y Ssdn 9d per bott le. Beware of worthless imitations or substitute ' 