Ghosts and goblins still live and rule In' the imaginations of innumerable Irish men and women, and not merely in remote places, but close even to big cities. It is down WVest. ward among the deep bays and mountain valleys of Sligo that I have heard the best tales and found the most ardent belief.. There, many a peasant dreams of growing;. rich by finding a fairy's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter trembles.as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and goes over in her mind the names of men and women carried off, as tradition will have it, to the dim kingdom. Only very renritly one of these fabled robbories was' reported to , haie been attempted. A little girl, who was. at service with a farmer in the village of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour. hood, because it 'was rumoured that the' fal ries had taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold her from them, but at last they prevailed, and he found no. thing in his hand but a broomstick. The i.. local conatable was applied 'to, and hen at' once instituted a hbuse-to.house search, and,.' at the same time advised the pobple to boni' all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacredli= to the fairies. They spent the whole night : burning them, the constable repenting spells the while. 'In the morning the ittle girl was found, the story goes, wandering' in the field. She said the fairies had taken lher away a great distance, riding on a fairy horse. At last she saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her from being car ried off was drifting down it-suich are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour -in a cockleshell. Brides and new.born uhildren are especially in danger.' Peasant mothers, too, are sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of returning, and it they do not escape then are always prisoners. A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Ballisodare, and when she came home after seven years she had no toes-she had danced them off.-W,' B. Yeats, in the Leisure Ilour. Nowhere is the prodigality of youth more conspicuous than' in the waste of affection and happiness." When young and sur rounded nay friends, we treat affection in a scornful way, as if it could never cease to flow to us. When it does cease, we look back with sorrowful wonder at our folly. The old home is broken up which we did not cars to visit until too late. Now the warmest welcome we get anywhere. is at an inn. 'The caress which we took as a matter otfcores, if we did not reject it, is no longer proffered. We wasted affection, and' now we want it. We cared for no one, and now no one cares for us. "Blind and deal that we are: oh, think, it thou yet love anybody living, wait not till death sweep down the paltry little dust-clounid and idle dissonances of the moment, and, allbe at last so mourn fully clear and beautiful, when it is too late." In the same way pure and peaceful happiness is too often despised, while we rush after un satisfying excitement.--The Quirer. Petted Daughter-" Papa, what ans come over you? I never had a wish you were not anxious to gratify, andlyou even anticipated my wants and handed me money for all sorts of things I hadn't even thought of. But now I have to ask you for every cent I need, and you growl and grumble, and ask if I think you are made of money, and you rail at women's oxtravagance, and invariably ask me what on earth I did with the last cheque or dollar or dime you gave me. Don't you love ma any more ?" `" " ly darling, I love you as much as ever, but you are'soon to be, married, and I am trying to gradually prepare you for the 'change." A very promising fellow-The habitual borrower. You may be a good man and yet not goos for much. 