: THE 1TOVEIJST -™— ~+ — t— -??? » ? , By the Author of '.Wiih-ThiiRtog I TheeWeft,' 'A W«'s Temptation,' &o.; CHAPTER XYIII, ? '? Tills love that has shown ' Doth add more grief to too much of mine own.' ?' On that Sunday evening, wlion her ' father was doolaved to be in danger, n great darkness fell on Cordelia's soul. Words dvoppod hy her mother in haate and anguish had betrayed tho faot that her fathor had been griovod in spirit for her sake, and troubled thoughts for her had drivon sleep from him. In her terror and pain, Mrs. Gwynno ? laid the blame of hor husband's illnoss ' ou hor daughter, saying no siuglo word ? ns to the share her son might have in , bringing fever ami unrest to his father's mind. And Cordolin, pieroed with sorrow, took tho blamo mookly. Sho waa not without solt'-roproaoh. For three months sho had suffered hor ljjvor's silonco, and bovno tho aoho o,f ' patience at his request ; but now, rather thnn onduvo longer n, dolay which had become a omolty, sho would renounco him for ovor. Sho resolved firmly to assure him that unless he could frankly) and honorably acknow ledge- his aft'eotion thoy must pavt, Again and again, eluding hor ontreatioa, he had to doolavo hirasolf openly lior suitor, and her mind wna beginning to bo shaken by doubt j a fovorish dis trust had laid hold of hor, poisoning the springs of her faith in him, and making hor lovo an nnguinh. She know ho wag at Bosoombe, for tho day boforo, as sho stood on the rugged -path winding along tho oliff, sho had soon him on tho boaoh below ? . walking with Rachel and Dora. Tot ' he had not come to tho rectory, neither had he appoarod this morning at church, This weighed against him in .'? hor mind, filling it with vaguo rosont. merit and misgiving. Sho sould-not ijdess tho sudden rovulsion of fooling '? which had withhold him from the joy of seeing hor face. Wna ho justified in staking hov happiuoss on the the truth \- of a newspaper paragraph P This wa tho question which had held him back from tho peaco whioh now soemod with in hia reaoh. Tho doubt had fallen on him suddenly with a woman's shadow ?—a woman passing1 his window, whoso ? 'shadow flittod for an instant, liko a gray spirit, over tho paper lyiug on tho tablo '??' before him. Tho window wa8 floodod with ovening sunshine, and his own heart was oxcooding glad within him whenihis flickering shadow wont by liko an evil ghost, and brought dark* , nesa and Borrow with it. He started up and rushed into tho jifctlo village street, and saw only ohildron at piny and old men mending nets at their cottago doors. 'Who has passed P' ho oried out. huslrily. 'Only the Warowood fly, master ; going to tho station, I rookon.' ,Tho vehicle had turned tho Bharp ; anglo of the small street before ho had tirao to tako ono stop in tho direction in whioh it was going. Ho looked up tho . empty road with a dismayed and angry : glance. ' «? Who ia Nat Sobio driving to-day?' .ho asked, in a forced voico. M I duuuo, sir. 'Tis a strange lady, and gontleman, como down from Budo, Ib'lievo.' Sidney Brandon wont back so his room, and crushed the journal in his ? hand. It had registered a lie, hofolt sure of that. It was her face whioh. is passing had looked in upon him, hor , shadow whioh had flittered before his eyea and almost touched his hand. All that fovored night this was his belief, and after sloop came hope, and ho woke in the movning sunshine with thoughts of Cordolia, and with tho fleot ing vision of Lady Martook fading away into dimness. How could, that shadow bo hers ? It was only a fancied likeness, an illusion torn of hia vivid thought of her, as ho had sat rosting his hoad upon his hands, reading again and tagain the Announce* , mont of her marriago, And why should that announcement bo false? Her nioco had said she was ftbout to marry— -was obstinately bont v on it, and surely sho was married, Gradually ho ivrouobcd hia mind lack to this Loliof, 'anil wont down to the villago inn to gather faota to strcngthoa ' to. He found auiplo information, of a vague kind. Ho waa told what tho Btvangoi'8 had to oat and drink, and how , hard thoy wo.ro to please. And tho gentleman had strollod up tho oliff to BfEcombo church, but tho lady had ?walked towards Warowood, and only returned in timo to giro Fat Sobio a bare hour to get to the station, whioh wag fihovb enough, eonaidoi'ing liig horse fcactbiU thioo legs, bo to spook, Movo tangiblo ovidence was forth coming soon, in iho shape of a card left on tho old-fashioned window Boat. It boro tho naino of a porfeofc stranger —Mr. A. Bruntwoll and under no athwa written in poucil. ' Miss Bruntwoll,' ' So they wore brother and sister ?' said Mr, Braudon to tho landlady, ?? So it seems, sir,' she answerod peering ouriously at tho card, ' But be is ft deal older than she is, if ho is her brother.' Not able to learn more, Sidney Bran don boro away his oaros to tho solitude of the seashore, and pacod Jto and fro beBido the restless waves, till tho clos ing day flung azure shadows and flashes of purple apd crimson glory across his shining path of sand. Tho sky was n olear amber, bearing a monnmontal stillness, as if chance were impossible, and on this calm amber tho sun had painted deep roso-flushest whioh spread upwards into tho zouith and downwards into tho purple sea. Tho waters glanced and quickenod benoath tho glories which in the sky remained so calm and still j their cease less ohango and the rush of their ever-, sounding waves made a living contrast with tho passionless silence of the hoavens. It was a contrast whioh spoke to the soul. Like humau life, tho sea was moved, and troubled, and snatched brief momenta of only a seeming rest, while far above its ohangoa and its storina broododtho everlasting peace, whioh sproad ita measureless civlin above and boyoud the world. To Sidney Brandon, in his prosont mood, this calm spoke of death — the relentless, iuovitablo, and oternal calm, which coldly waited for hia day of dark. 3*33. , 'And in tho evening thoro shall bo light,' ho said, softly, in the tone of of ono who doubts, yet longs for faith Then ho turnod suddenly from his long, wistful gaze on the sea, and met Cordolia faco to faco. Ho hold out his hand eagerly, but sho drow baok, and onlygavo him hers coldly. ' You have heard that ray father is ill ?' she Baid. ' Yos. I was coming to inquire for him. Is ho better f '' Sho shook hor hoad sadly and turnod away, He drow nearer to her, and would havo takon hor hand again, but sho startod baok abruptly, and standing silently by tho.edgo of son, looked down into tho olear, shining watora. ' Have I voxod you, Cordolia \f' ho ho asked, woudoriugly. ' Perhaps you are angry that I havo boon a whole day at Bosoombo without sooing you. Bu* that has boon a greater pain to me than to you.' Sho looked up and mot his gaze; thoro was a world of reproaoh in her sad oyos, ? 'How long isit since you first spoke to mo in such words aa those, and asked my silonco till you could gain the good will of my fathor and mother ?' ' Why do you ask mo such a question ? Do you think I have forgotten tho timo ? Can I ever forgot tho day when I first epoko P You had just saved mo from a ghastly death when I took you in my arms, and owned at last how dear you wore.' Cordolia hoard him calmly, withoiit the quick blush.tho shyly-drooped oyes, with which she had boon wont to listen to him. Her sorrow to-day waa too great for tho happy emotions of- lovo. 'And havo you rodoomed your pro: miso to aoknowlodgo openly that wo were all and all to each othor P' sho said. 'I could not— I ''dared not,' ho answered. 'I had things to toll your fathor that I f oared would separate us1 and my courage f ailod mo whon * J-'ed to speak. I could not part from you donrost, I could not draw, near tho riak of parting.' ' But you must do it now,' Cordelia said, in a low, steadfast voice. ' I will submit to this silence no longer. I am not used to tho pain of a seoret, 'and it has been a grief to mo ; yet I am not speaking now for my own sake, but for my father's j ho has seen me sorrowful and anxious, and ho has sufferod for me. It is I who have caused his illnes3 j ' my mother haa reproached mo with it.' Her voioo shook and trembled j sh0 turned away qniokly to hide her tears ' Your mother ia unfair to you 3 she accuses you unjustly !' cried hoi' lovor hotly. ' I oonnot believe that oither you or I havo oaused your fathor anxiety i he lias other troubles to vex him. Your brothor ? ' ' Wo will not spoak of Harry now,' Covdolia interposed. ' It is for me at prosont to do my aharo towards setting my fathor'n mind at peace, (JTo shadow of euro for mo shall vest upon it.' Her resolute tone startled Sidney Brandon. 'Lot me tell you,' he said, eagerly ' that I know now tho Cause of Harry's folly, and I can help , him to wiser thoughts. I can sot.' your father's hoart at ease about him,' Cordelia looked at him inj patient Badness, 'The question now is nptof, him,, but of you and we,' she said, ' ,1 ? 