THE MYSTERY OF GLENELLIS. 11 Ghosts, indcud ! The. idea of pcoplo iu tkii age belicviug in such utter nonsense ! It is toe ridiculous!" There was sporn in Miss Rotbsby's voice and in overy fcuturo of her pretty face as she spoke these words. . Her companion, Charley King, h young civil engineer, was amused, judging by the smile that came and went before be made answer, in a half-soothing, half apologetic tone— " Ab, uow, don't you think you are a little severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idlohyncrucy ? You know a belief in which oun'is born und brought up is a part of bis very nature, uccepDd in most cases without question or icasoniug. A few of our old men, I thiuk, claim to have seen aud heard, something very .extraordinary in the Gleu years ago— before iny time ; . as for the rest of us, I suppose not half a dozen Imve over been there ; we simply Ignore tbu place." ' 44 That is exactly what I supposed," returned Miss Kothsby, triumphantly. " Those antedi luvians who sit, rail) or shine, iu frout of hotels nud saloons, tall their stupid vngarics over and over again until they come to bolleve them true, so inuku others believe." \- 44 Perhaps, you are right; but that does not alter the fact tbut the Glen 'bears un evil reputa tion, aud we are all fumiliar with the blood curdling stories of deeds said to have happened ttioro." 44 It seems to me they can easily be explained. Doubtless when this country was new tbo Gleu was thu rendezvous for ruffians nud outlaws ; secluded, almost inactswiblo for those wliu met thcro to hu surprised. To doubly secure them selves tbey circulated horrible tales, raised a fow ghosts, and made occasions to impose them upon the credulous early settlers. There is the case in u nutshell.1' Charley shook his heud iu doubtful way that irritated thu pretty philosopher. ."Very well put, Miss Uothsby ; but there arc cortuiu things—" " Nonsense ! " hu broke in half laughingly, half angrily, 14 I know you are going to »av something stupid nnd old-fashioned, and 1 will not permit it. Tho robbers are dust long ago, nod the ghosts and terrible deeds vanished with them, you may he snrn ; yut have your sll , fur such a palpald)) imposture, buried in oblivion the most lumantio and beuutiful spot ou earth. Fio upou you, young men, to let such n state of things continue ! " 44 Hut what' can wo do about it ? We were taught to respect the opinion of bur elders, nnd have done so." f " 14 That's all very well / but respect can be carried too far/' ; ' 44 Well, what do you suggest?" asked Ciinrley, a trifle impntiuutly. 44 That< the Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let ihe place be invaded by merrymakers, and the spell will be broken. Once known it will become famous, so that people will come from far and near to see it." 44 It may he nil just as you say," responded the young man. 44 But you forget tho flowers. You told me that on the first day of your visit to the Glou you broke a blood-red blossom Iroui its stein, whim a stream of rod fluid trickled from the stalk, aud (he flower became whito. How do you account for that ?" 41 1 dou't try to account for it. Who con explain thu vagaries of nature ? One flower sUtui exudes a milky subsUucu, aud then a red lluid, u third pure wntcr. All aru equally wonderful uud incomprehensible. It is absurd to be ntleclcd by a phouoincurn just becauvo uue doesn't understand it." 44 Nevertheless. I tbiok tho flowers are the greatest objection to our project. Their peculiarity seems unwholesome, to say thu least." 44 1 suppose so— and it is such a pity ? You cannot think how ) have set my heart 00 litis gjruic in thu Ultjj. Imagine, tho effect of ope or two hundercd lantcrnsT There hfnoVa thing i : I could' wish changed." ' ; ' v' 44 Kxcept the flowers." » Lxcept thu flowers.. I wish they would dis appear for that one c veiling. Do you tbiuk we Bttu persuade the ethers ? " 44 We'll try ; the idea will he quite siartliug, however We shall meet with, much more opposition from the parents than from tbo young folks nud if we hasten matters it will loavo loss time Tor talk. Friday will bo tho harvest moon,' why not have it then P" 44 Just tho thing ! Do you suppose Blarney and his harpers will go ?" 44 No, iuilecd, nor any other musicians in Hlicndalc. We'll have to forego daiicing." 44 A., uioouligbt nicuie without dancitig ? I'rcp'osterous I If tho bnri»or« will not yield to my powora of persuasion papa must furnish tho music; he knows all about the Glen, aud will im glad to help us." 44 1 will loll you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for tho papa uud mammas, aunts and uncles, who .de clare tboy havo hoard uusccountoblo sounds issito from the Glen. You will uoed thorn all, and wish for nioro" before , we 'successfully lay the ghost. Ah ! hero coinu Lotty ' and Tom Muyuard, nud that is Jack Craig and Miss Audio behind them. Good ! ' Now we can bc- gln the attack." 11 ,» Charley Kiug liad returned but a fow weeks heforn this conversation from , a five years' absence in distant lauds. . . Among bis fellows there noue had 11 higher reputation than ho for those qualities wliicli ineu as well as women most adtnirc. ' It was not strange then that pretty Miss Kothsby, whom ho found visiting his sister, on old schoblmntu, should find him particularly attractive, and ho, for his part, had rtoelurcd to liitnself, after thu manner of nitn bard hit nt Urst sight,, that it should be Miss Kothsby or 110 ouc. About n mile from Elluudnlu was the linunted glen of which thby had been speaking, marvel lously beautiful und picturesque. Miss Koths by hud spent mauy an hour .thorn, for her friend and hostess wus nn important pcrsounge in hoiischald and parish nmltcrs, and there woro times whin the 'visitor must ottUntain herself. As she was a '-;good walker she soon know (be country for mites around . hotter than oiost of thu youug women lraru and hrcd in the. town, and so discovered the beautiful and secluded spot which bore so had n reputation. 44 Hotter not go there Again, Miss Rothsby," her hent nuid to hcr when she spoko of her ex pedition at the dinner table, and wondered that sochnrmiug a place whs so little known. 44 It is humiliating to admit that we arc the victims of superstition, hut everyone in the community believes that the Gleu is haunted." , 44 Then, as 1 should immensely enjoy a friendly chnt with a boun-fldu ghost, I shall make it n point to go soou tigain," laughed the young lady. 44 1 hope uot." said Mr. King, gravely, 44 for I feci deeply upou this subject. You,' of course, noticed, the OHk tree that hides the pathway ? It was planted when 1 was a hoy. A dreadful thiug hsd happened there just before, though 1 cannot say positively thoro was anything siqxir- nnturnl about it." 44 \Vh»l was it ?" asked Miss Kothsby, curi ously. 44 Tell mro all the story, please." 4 I can only lull you what 1 know. An odd- looking foreigner passed through the' town one day, nud di.sup(>esircd in thu Gleu. Thst night a shook as of earthquake wus felt, uml people who passed near tho forest hour strange, un earthly, cries. From time to time thecstr&ugu; shocks were rejieutcd. Thu muu was never seen agutu, uud it was supposed that he was murder ed.' 44 Ob ! and ia that all ?" asked Miss Kothsby, in a disappointed toue. 44 Tins authorities considered it enough, and resolved to render tlio Gleu as iuscvssihlu ns posxihlf. For aught I know, yours is I ho first foot that has stepped wilbiu it for forty years." 44 1 must suj, then, that you have lest more than you can imagine, and 1 shall try to atone for your nbglect of thu loveliest spot oa earth." So ituswcrud the wilful beauty ; aud to the Glen sho went thereafter as often as oppor- tiuiity allowed, declaring to herself, as sho sat upon thu grccuswurd drinking in tho beauty of her sitiTouudings, that it wasonchated ground, nud that she was uudcr the magic spell. When Charley King came be was a willing escort, and so long as she wds by his side, what did it matter where they went ? y The picnic by moonlight had been a long- talked of plan umoDg tlio young people of the villugc. The aelnctiau of tho place was left to these two visitors and they had chosen the haunted glen. Friduv wus tho aiglit opiMiintrd. .Home acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, hut no one had tlio courage to refuse save tuc musicians, who were proof against the little heiress's most geuctous (lifers, und could not be persuaded to 44 rcsk their lives, runsun, and in- htroomvnts by gou' to thu hunts of tbo devil hissclf.'" ho Mr. Kothsby supplied thu music, giving the men hesunt from thu oi tv i 11st ructions to render auy assistance they could, bidding them, if possible, to arrange and light the immonso number of. Chinese lanterns he con signed to them wilhout tbo kuowledge of tho party. His plan worked well, for that their lust night might not ho assailed by talcs not cou- ductvc to steady bunds, they were met at the train and directed to Ihe Glen, with strict in junctions not to pluck so much as a blade of grass. The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when duors lioro and 'thcro throughout pretty Kllendnln opened for the gay picnickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, followed by kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the villngo streets with jest ami laughter, while curious nyes peeped at tbem from behind blinds or open doorways. But when tlioy entered that distant pathway and the awoct perfume of the forest pervaded the air oa their light feet pressed tha carpet of pirni needles, the jest died away, the laughter ceased, And their voices had a hollow sound. Feag seized upon them ; each had a strong desire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule of his follows. Thau tbo spasm passed, and in low voices they talked of little matters in the village, When the exquisite beauty of the Glen burst upon their view all other thoughts were dispel led, nud the nervous miction of their ground less terror made them doubly incrry. Hundreds ol lanterns gleamed faintly in the fading twi light from the troes and viues on either side, aud tbo graud old oak which barred tbe en trance was fairly covered witbthpm. Tbe first glimpse of tho fuir 44 queen of tbe night," as uur silvery disc rose above the true tops, was the signal for a song, half chant, liulf rounde lay, that had been composed for tbo occasion, and as tbe young people stood in thn pride and itreugtti of their youth, tboir faces upturned, tbeir rich, sweet voices filling tho dying day with melody, one would bavu said, 44 Wise Miss Kothsby ! Surely no restless, uuholy spirits Odi) ubide here longer. The magic of your innocent bravery and your pure voices must ex orcise them for uvermoro," , Scarcely epeukiug, in littio groups, the young folks wundcred from spot to spot in an ecstocy of delight. Especially did the flowers that gleamed so red upon the grouud attract them ; but Miss Kothsby had exaggerated the stain tbuy made that tlioy might be left untouched. She felt now that some natural explanation conlhe given of their unplensant peculiarity, but dreaded its effect upon wenk nerves, so wisely advised her companions to buwaro of them. Shu learned from tbe musicians that her father had intended mining on tlio Hiitiiu train with them, hut buing detained nt thu last min ute, hu would tukc thu next one, nnd be with them before thu evening was ovrr ; so, ss her light feet kept time to a favourite waltz, and a face situ much approved was very near to hers, she thought her cup of earthly bliss was nearly full. There was to be. dancing until nine o'clock when supper would hu strvnl, and afterwards more dancing if they chore; but the parents had insisted that tbu young folks should he at home by eleven, and Mrs. Gray hud promised for them by virtuu of her cltepurnnHgc. The camp lira . was lighted on a great flat stone near tho oak tree, end to show its good fellowship crackled in tho most cheerful way, whilu its ruddy glow threw into brighter relief the sombre branches ol tho pirns way up tho sides of th« Gleu. Thu baskets were emptied of their good things, tho tempting fsust whs spread, the frag rant tirotna of thu collee proclaimed tho lust tbiug ready, and Mr. King, as master of tho ceremonies, wnHnbout giving the signal for them all to assemble, when distinctly throughout the placo there entne n soft, silvery sound liku the tone of u clock striking tlio hour of nine. Thn dancers, pinning in lln-ir giddy whirl, looked ut oncli other and said, 44 What >» pretty device of Miss Kothsby 's !" but- even as tlioy spoke the earth secini'd to tremble beneath Ihcir teot, whiln a lurid, unearthly glow lit up with appal ling distinct noss cvt-r.v object in tbu Glen, to the very top nf the beetling ledpn above tbem. Willi a discordant, jnmng sound tbo imisio stopjR'd. Hearts beat fast ; cheeks grew white; (hen thu Mime's died away. 44 What is it ? What doer it ir.euu ?" ovoiy- bydy was a-ltiog. Gbui by King made mii.wvr.nlll.nigh tin could not quite cnnlrol H e tit opt io his voice. 44 It must have been u slight hnck of onrtli- qunku or some electrical disturbance. 1 liuvu seen must wonderful phenomena in my time.' Fintly ruuKHvnrcd tlio mu«ici«uH wont back to thoir stand mid tho company sat .town to table, but it \v«s inyuia tin y strove to Bcak uulm-- ally, in vain " tlioy strove to eat. " Thoir voices, were thick, thoir bauds trembled; their liearU' bout painfully quick atid loud. : ' After a few moments Mrs. Gray, &militig;: faintly, said — 44 My friends, 1 fear I have token cold iu (his beautiful hilt moist place. 1 propose that we adjourn to warmer quarters. What sny.you to; a good-uight waltz nt iny house ?' , « ; Before un HDRwor could be given ngaiu thcro Bouudud throughout tho Glen the faint,, low! chime, so awiully distiuot in its sweetness,! With onu impulse all started fo their feet. Suddenly a yell of human agony, stifled and seeming to como from beucath them, reached their ears, and a rocky door in tbo cliff swuugj hack, revealing n cavum filled with light ; hut brighter than the light about it was a human form wrapped in flame that sprang out of It and fell upon tho greensward. -Here was something tangible, 'and Charley, King swiftly ' led tho way towards this now horror. Ten late ! the form lay still, tho voice was silent, nud iho flames were roasters at last; of him who had so loiig been thoir master. Exorcised were Uic ghosts for ever, harmless was the subterranean chamber filled with un meaning apparatus und curious chemicals to thnso who fotiud them, for the evil genius was dead. For yonts the foreign alchemist had' sought to wrest from nature, nt any coat, her- secrets, mid hnd found, st.last, her very great est death. > ; 